EMERALD EYES
The Legend of the Snow Wolves
Book 1

By
Rebekah Shelton


Published By:
Rebekah Shelton on Smashwords Copyright 2012
Revised March 2017

Other Books by Rebekah Shelton
The Legend of the Snow Wolves Series:
Emerald Eyes [Free]
Emerald Knoll
Emerald Cove
Emerald Garden
Emerald Aura
Emerald Haven
Emerald City - The Return
Emerald Nation - Divided
Emerald Reign
Emerald Anarchy (coming soon)
Emerald Resurgence (planned)
Book 12 (planned)

The Red Wolf Chronicles:
Red Wolf [Free]
Red Palace
Red Widow

The Battle for Zarcon Saga:
Raising Avon [Free]
Shielding Avon
Battling Avon

Co-Authored with Jeffery Shelton:
Operation De-ICE [The Battle for Earth]

Cover Design: SelfPubBookCovers.com/michelleleedesigns

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please visit your favorite online retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This book is based entirely on fiction and its story line derived solely from the imagination of its author.  Any resemblance to actual person, living or dead, places, events or locales is entirely coincidental.  No part of this publication may be copied, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopy or otherwise without the express written permission of the author or author's agent. 

This book contains violence and sexual situations.
  Recommended for ages 14 and older


Table of Contents


Chapter 1 - Escape to Africa
Chapter 2 - Escape from Africa
Chapter 3 - Poker Face
Chapter 4 - Lone Hill
Chapter 5 - Happy Birthday
Chapter 6 - Sweethearts and Monsters
Chapter 7 - I Need a Shower
Chapter 8 - St. Louis
Chapter 9 - The Family History
Chapter 10 - What if?
Chapter 11 - Me Cook?
Chapter 12 - The Kill Shot 
Chapter 13 - Now Get Up!
Chapter 14 - Shots
Chapter 15 - I Quit!
Chapter 16 - Just Two More Times
Chapter 17 - I am a Wolf, Not a Dog
Chapter 18 - Vertamus
Chapter 19 - Kissing Cousins
Chapter 20 - She Loves Me
Chapter 21 - Forever
More about the Author

Chapter 1 - Escape to Africa

Gracey walked along the dirt road as if she did not have a destination.  Normally she would have let the hotel transport take her the entire way, but today Gracey needed to walk.  She walked slower than normal while her heart raced.  She wished she could force her feet to move as fast.  Today was the day; the day she would see him.  
Gracey continued her journey through the small village in Africa.  Either side of the dry dirt road was lined with native style huts.  The reason for Gracey's trip was incongruous to the local surrounding.  Gracey looked as if she was alone as she walked.  No one else was on the road, but they saw her.  Of course, they saw her.  She was a pale white woman with bobbed blonde hair, slender and tall; no native dress but a crisp pair of brown colored trousers and long sleeved white cotton shirt rolled to below the elbows.
Gracey knew everyone was watching her; just as everyone at home stared at her, some out of curiosity or pity, and others just to mock her.  Her life was so much different now than just six years ago.  Gracey thought back to her childhood home, a beautiful house in an upper-middle-class neighborhood where she resided with her parents, John and Mayra Newsome.  Gracey spent her entire childhood at home caring for her mother who never left the house due to illness.  Thoughts of her mother were bittersweet, and Gracey fought to suppress the tears that threatened to pour down her face, so she pushed the memory deeper into her subconscious.
But Gracey's memories raced back to her childhood and the first time she saw him.  She was only thirteen, too young to feel the way she had about a boy four years her senior.  It was Gracey's first Rudolph Inc. Christmas Gala.
Gracey glanced around again and shuddered at the contraposition between the huts and the gracious home belonging to Stone "Rudy" Rudolph and his wife, Abigail.  Gracey recalled the first time she entered and stood in the foyer soaking in the opulence.  The marble floors were flawlessly shined.  Two grand staircases encircled both sides of the foyer and were decorated with miles of fresh garland and perfectly tied red satin bows.  Looking ahead to the great room Gracey had seen more Christmas decorations than she could ever imagine in one room.  Tables upon tables of food lined the room, all with exquisite centerpieces designed specifically for the season.
Gracey's eyes turned to the way she was dressed today, a simple outfit, unlike the party dress she had worn that night.  Gracey smiled for a moment remembering the first time she met Stone.  Even at thirteen, Gracey was blossoming into a beautiful woman.
Stone was a handsome young man, with a muscular build, soft blue eyes, and wavy blonde hair; not yellow blonde like Gracey's but more golden in color.  Stone smiled charmingly at Gracey, and she softly blushed.  The scene would replay itself every year.  Every year he would smile at her, and every year she would blush.
Gracey could not hold back the tears as she remembered the last Gala she had attended.  Molly, Mayra's caregiver, had helped Gracey dress for the party.  Gracey's long blonde wavy hair was perfectly styled, and her makeup looked natural while drawing attention to her emerald green eyes.  She was wearing an emerald green cocktail length dress.  It was simple and devoid of ornamentation, yet the gown draped her perfectly while accentuating Gracey's flawless figure.
Gracey's mother was in the family room, propped up on the couch, awaiting Gracey's grand entrance.  Mayra always bid her husband and daughter farewell as they headed to the annual event.  Gracey entered the room with grace and confidence, a trait her mother had drilled into her since she was a child.  It was the happiest night of Mayra's life.  Gracey's elation matched her mother's that night.  
Gracey had to stop.  The memory was too difficult for her.  She knew how the night would end.  She knew how her life would change forever.  Gracey tried to remember how Stone had smiled at her that night.   She remembered blushing.  
But the happy memory quickly disappeared, only to be replaced by the nightmare Gracey relived time and time again.  Only the nightmare was not delusive, it was real.  Even with her eyes open, Gracey could see herself enter her home after the Gala.  She ran up the stairs to her mother's bedroom, excited to tell mother about the party and present her the chocolate truffles Gracey had tucked away in her clutch.  But as Gracey reached the top of the stairs, she could sense something was wrong.  Gracey rushed into her mother's room and stopped dead in her tracks.  She opened her mouth to scream, but nothing would come out.  She tried to call for her father but could not utter a syllable.  Gracey forced herself backward, each step taking all the energy and courage she could produce.  Once out of the room, Gracey turned and met her father head on in the hallway.  “Oh Daddy,” was all she could utter before collapsing in his arms.
Gracey stared at the dry dirt beneath her shoes to remind herself she was in Africa.   She pulled a tissue out of her pocket and blotted away her tears.  She took a deep breath and braced herself for what was about to happen.  She was going to see Stone again.
Sadness overtook Gracey, yet again.  Deep down, she knew she only had this job because Stone's father Rudy had taken pity on her.  With no money to attend college and her childhood home sold to pay her father's legal expenses, Gracey had nothing.  Her father had been convicted of killing a man in a bar fight just hours after her High School graduation ceremony.  Within six months, Gracey had lost both her parents and was penniless.  At eighteen and no chance of going to college, she accepted the job offer and moved into a boarding house closer to work.
While Gracey worked at the bank owned by Stone's father, she rarely saw Stone.  Stone had no need to come to the training department in the basement and Gracey had no reason to visit the executive suite.  But life in the basement was hell.  Gracey often wondered if things would have been different if her father still worked there.  Maybe then she would have a reason to visit the upper floors.  Maybe she would have had a chance to see Stone.
Working in the basement of the bank was not always pleasurable, but Gracey could afford a room at Ms. Maple’s boarding house.  Gracey's fall in social status invited the girls from the working class families to look at her with spitefulness in their eyes as if to say, look at you now, rich girl.  Gracey had no friends.  Just as she was alone while spending her childhood caring for her mother, she was alone again.  But Gracey was too busy for self-pity.  She was able to focus on her work and the lack of socializing allowed her time and money to take business classes at the local community college.  After a few years, Gracey was promoted to the position of a trainer.
Gracey thoughts turned to her destination; the community building on the wildlife preserve where she would see Stone again.  Gracey wondered if he would remember her.  Had he ever actually noticed her all those years ago?  Or was it just a polite smile?
The road curved slightly to the right.  Gracey would soon arrive at her destination.  Gracey's heart and mind continued to race as the landscape changed.  White stones lined the roadway, and grassy areas appeared on both sides with trees that provided shade from the morning sun.  The temperature was already reaching 100 degrees.  Luckily it was the dry season, and the lack of moisture in the air made the heat bearable.  Still, Gracey secretly hoped she would be able to enter the building, unnoticed and have a moment to check her hair, pat her face with a little powder and apply a new coat of lipstick.  Lipstick?  Should I? Gracey pondered silently.  She did not want to look as if she was trying to be noticed.  Normally she wore a clear lip gloss.
Gracey came to the end of the road and climbed the steps to the wooden building which had been rented by Rudolph, Inc.  A covered veranda fully encompassed the building and reminded Gracey of some of the houses back home with wraparound porches.  But instead of the whitewashed wood, the wood was dark brown, the color of mahogany.  A native style thatched roof covered the structure.
Gracey entered the breezeway.  The main hall was open to the back of the building and back onto the veranda.  It was designed to allow a breeze to cool the space naturally.  Several rooms lined the hallway on both sides.  The larger conference room was on the far right.  Gracey was alone in the hall and started walking to the restroom to freshen up from the walk.  She could feel her heart pound.  She felt anxious, fearful.  Just a few more steps, she told herself.  So preoccupied with her thoughts Gracey did not notice the conference room door was already open in preparation for Stone's arrival.  She knew she had time.  Still, Gracey felt the urge to turn and run away.
Just a few more steps, Gracey told herself again.  You are almost there, Gracey, breathe; just breathe.  Suddenly a large communal laugh came from the conference room.  Gracey froze.  Her heart stopped as did her breathing.  Fear totally overcame her.  Gracey quickly glanced toward the room, then to the restroom.  Could she escape the hallway before anyone noticed her arrival?  
Gracey's eyes darted back to the conference room.  How long had she been standing in the hallway afraid to move?  Seconds?  Minutes?  “Breathe, Gracey, breathe,” she told herself again; this time aloud.  She heard the rest of her group laughing, but one laugh stood out.  It was Stone.  Gracey had heard his laugh every year for five years growing up.  She knew it instinctively.  She felt flush.  She felt the sweat beading on her forehead and a lump in her stomach.  Stone had arrived early.  Gracey's panic swelled a hundred-fold.
Before Gracey could take the last few steps towards the restroom, she heard his voice.  Before she could take another breath, she heard his voice.
“Gracey,” Stone called out.  “I heard you would be here.  I am so glad you came.”  Stone was getting closer; walking towards Gracey while he greeted her.
“Mr. Rudolph,” Gracey replied timidly.  She was speechless; he remembered her.  
“Stone, please call me Stone.  We have known each other too long.  How long has it been since we have seen each other?  Six years?  Unbelievable.  You have not changed a bit; except your hair.  You cut it shorter.  I like it.”
Before Gracey could extend her right hand to offer a handshake, she found herself in an embrace.  She could feel Stone's muscular build through his linen shirt.  She blushed.  Had anyone seen them?  She could hear everyone else in the conference room.  No one had followed Stone out of the room.
“I'll meet you in the conference room,” Stone instructed.  “I just need to wash up a bit; long trip.”  Stone's eyes darted towards the Men’s Room.  All Gracey could do was nod as Stone disappeared.
Quick, Gracey said to herself.  Here is your chance, and she disappeared into the Ladies' Room next door.
Gracey knew she could not fool Stone now.  He had already seen her at her worst; sweaty, shiny, no lipstick.  So Gracey checked her hair.  The curls of her bobbed cut were all in place.  She splashed some water on her face, neck and quickly dried herself.  Gracey stood staring at herself in the mirror; both her mind and legs were paralyzed.  Should she leave first or wait for Stone to go back to the room first?  Before Gracey could decide, she heard Stone back in the hall.  Count to ten, Gracey said to herself and took a deep breath.

The afternoon was spent reviewing the training schedules and the implementation of the new equipment.  It was just a formality as the plans were finalized before any of them had left the United States.  Stone was the last to arrive.  Two other trainers, Pierce and Steve, plus Gracey, and the department head, Jim, had arrived on Sunday. The new equipment had been delivered, inventoried and tested.  Local trainers had been selected.  Stone was not normally a hands-on Director of Operations for his father’s company.  However, he had decided to come to Africa for the start-up of the new branch.  This was Gracey’s first new branch implementation and her first time out of the country.
Gracey made it through the afternoon and keeping her focus off Stone by volunteering to transcribe the events of the day.  An early dinner was catered and ended the meeting for the day.  The dinner conversation was concentrated on a mix of the trip to Africa and the local customs and food.  Gracey made it a point to stay out of the limelight; speaking only to answer questions when directed at her.
Dinner was almost over, and Gracey was already thinking of a refreshing bath and cooler clothing.  The day had seemed like an eternity, and she needed to relax after a day of being on pins and needles.  More than anything, Gracey needed to breathe.
Finally, the table was cleared, and it was time to adjourn to the next day.  Gracey started gathering her notes so she could make her getaway.  The men started out first, and Gracey lagged behind to give them a head start.  She needed a moment to regain composure for the walk back to the hotel.  She would forego the transport back.  She wanted the opportunity to walk alone.  Papers in hand, Gracey was ready for the day to end.
Gracey reached the porch quicker than she had anticipated.  She noticed the evening breeze had already started to lower the temperature a few degrees.  Anxious to take her first relaxing breath, she was startled to see the hotel van waiting for her.  “Jump in,” Stone instructed, smiling.  Gracey glanced down the road and opened her mouth to reply she would walk.  But Stone insisted, “There is enough room for us all.”
Gracey was reluctant but jumped in the third seat wanting no one to be able to see her.  While the men talked during the short ride to the hotel, Gracey stared out the window.  She pretended she was seeing the village and her surroundings for the first time.
The hotel the group was staying at was the finest in the area and located near the entrance to the wildlife resort.  The cool air as Gracey entered the lobby was welcoming.  If they had not all been standing together in the lobby, she would have welcomed her first deep breath of the day.  But Gracey’s mind was still racing.  How much did Stone know about her life since the Christmas when she was seventeen?  It had been six years.  Could Stone see the shame and sadness in her eyes?
Gracey tried to make her exit moving towards the elevators slowly and quietly while the men continued their conversation.  Gracey wondered if she would make it through the next ten days with her sanity intact.
Gracey reached the elevator and pushed the ‘up’ button.  She removed the key card from her back pocket and nervously rubbed it with her fingers.  She impatiently glanced back towards the lobby.  Would her escape plan work?  Just as the elevator door opened, her worse fear came to fruition, “Gracey, are you joining us for drinks?” Gracey heard Stone ask.
Gracey’s boss stood slightly behind Stone.  Having worked for Jim Smith for nearly five years, first as an assistant and then as an assistant trainer, Gracey could read Jim's expressions with ease.  Join us.  It would be employment suicide, not to.  Gracey knew that face.  There was no escaping.  “Sure,” Gracey replied hesitantly.  “I need just a few minutes to freshen up, and I will be right down.”
Gracey jumped into the elevator, holding back her tears.  She felt as if one of the elephants from the animal sanctuary had just sat on her chest.  She pushed the ‘close door’ button over and over.  She did not want anyone to see her cry.
The elevator reached the fifth floor far too quickly.  Gracey froze as the doors opened.  She had to make a conscience decision to egress.  She moved slowly towards her room, each step an effort. Time seemed to race and drag simultaneously.  Filled with dread and fear, Gracey removed the key card again from her back pocket and opened the door.
Gracey quickly stepped inside, closed the door and stood with her back against it.  She exhaled and slumped until she was sitting on the floor.  She no longer had the energy to remain standing.
Gracey closed her eyes.  She knew she had to go back downstairs.  She knew the look Jim had given her.  After five years together she knew that look.  Do not let me down; do not make me look bad in front of the boss.
Do I change clothes?  Do I shower?  What do I do?  Question after question raced through Gracey’s head.  I have to do something.  I have to cover for coming up here.  Gracey entered the bathroom and stared at herself in the mirror.  Déjà vu – here I am hiding in the bathroom again, she mused.  How totally pathetic can I be?
Gracey glanced at her watch.  Twenty minutes had passed in just a matter of seconds.  Omigod, I better get down there.  Gracey quickly washed her face and arms, spritzed a small amount of perfume into the air and walked into it.  ‘Less is more’ her southern bred mother always told her.  Gracey quickly donned a fresh blouse and darted out of the room.
Gracey realized she needed to quicken her step.  Thirty minutes had passed, and she could visualize Jim’s face and his gaze of disappointment.
Minutes later, Gracey entered the bar.  While it was dimly lit, it was still too bright for hiding.  Gracey's fair complexion and blond hair almost glowed in the dark.  She approached the table looking at the two empty chairs.  There was one next to Stone and one directly across from him.  While she did not want to have to spend the evening in his direct line of sight, she headed to the seat furthest away from him.
“There she is.  Come sit over here,” Stone called out, as he patted the seat beside him.  Gracey froze not knowing where to sit.  While she was weighing her options, the waiter had taken notice of her arrival.  Gracey's natural beauty and yellow blonde hair were hard to ignore, and he was immediately at Gracey's side to take her order.  Looking around Gracey took notice of everyone else’s drinks; beer all around except Stone, who appeared to have a mixed drink with cola and lime.  Gracie rarely drank alcohol, but she had a sudden urge for a double shot of Tequila to calm her nerves.  Turning to the waiter, she decided to play it safe and ordered a glass of white wine.  Slowly Gracey made her way to the seat beside Stone and sat down.
Gracey sat quietly sipping her wine.  She fidgeted and kept looking around the room; anything not to make eye contact with anyone while the men talked about work.  Suddenly there was a lull in the conversation.  “Gracey, Gracey, Earth to Gracey,” Stone chuckled while nudging her.  Gracie jumped, startled by everyone staring at her.
“Jim, did I ever tell you Gracey and I grew up together?  Well, not together but her father worked for my father, and we saw each other at company get-togethers.  Heck, I haven’t seen her in almost six years, at a Christmas Gala wasn’t it?”  Pierce and Steve looked surprised.  Of course, Jim was not as he worked for Rudolph, Inc. for many years and had known Gracey's parents.  But Gracey and Jim never spoke about her mother’s death or her father’s imprisonment.
Gracey blushed, not with embarrassment but from fear that Stone would blurt out all her secrets.  They had not seen each other since that Christmas party, the last Christmas party she and her father attended; the night her mother was murdered.
Stone quickly sensed Gracey’s fear.  He could almost smell it over the scent of her perfume.  Where have I smelled this perfume before? Stone thought silently.  It was not one of the popular brands.  It was an older perfume.  A perfume that his mother and some of the older women used but not one he knew by name.  Stone quickly changed the subject to the cricket game being televised.  Stone looked at Gracey as if to say ‘I am sorry,’ and she could see the remorse in his soft blue eyes.
But Gracey saw more than just remorse.  Not just his sorrow for what he had said but for something else.  Now Gracey was curious.  Just minutes before she was desperate to escape Stone's glances, now she was staring at him.  Question after question raced through Gracey's head.  What is he not saying?  What does he know?  What is he hiding?  Why are his eyes sad and dark?  Gracey continued to stare hoping Stone's face would provide the answers.
Gracey's quizzical appearance could not be masked.  Her expressions always gave her away.  Stone noticed she did not have a poker face.  Gracey tried to distract herself.  She quickly finishing her wine and excused herself.  “I'll be right back,” she said and stood up.  Under the guise of a restroom break, Gracey headed for the main entrance of the hotel.
Seeing Gracey approaching, the stately doorman opened the door and held it for her.  Gracey stepped out into the darkness and exhaled.  The temperature was cooler in the darkness but still too warm to put her at ease completely.  She quickly looked around for a place to hide and ruminate.
Across the drive and entrance to the hotel was a small garden.  Gracey had noticed it upon her arrival but had never entered.  Advertised as a meditation garden in the hotel brochures, Gracey walked towards it.   It would be the perfect place to hide while trying to regain her equanimity.  There was a path on either side of the tall vine-covered lattice wall into the garden.  The vine had bright pink blooms she could not identify.  They were not native to her home.  Upon entering the garden, she heard the fountain which stood in the center of the garden with a path encircling it.  More flowers were in bloom on the outer edges of the circular shaped garden with benches on four sides.  The garden was dimly lit at night with most of the lighting coming from the fountain.  Gracey stared at the fountain wishing she had a penny to make a wish.  A wish she would wake up from this nightmare she had been living for nearly six years.
With no energy to walk another step, Gracey sat on the bench just inside the small sanctuary and hid her face in her hands.  Without warning, she began to cry.  Not the hysterical tears which she usually experienced but soft, lonely tears.  She had come to Africa to escape her sadness and loneliness, the stares, and the whispers.  These were tears of despair and self-pity.
Gracey was glad her back was to the entrance of the garden; giving her some anonymity.  She was relieved no one, but the doorman knew she was in the garden, allowing her some privacy, while he watched over her safety.  As quickly as the tears started, they stopped.  Gracey took a deep breath and steadied herself for her next battle.  It was routine for her; cry, breathe, and pulled herself back together and fake it.
As Gracey finished exhaling, she felt a hand on her shoulder.  Startled, she jumped and almost let out a small scream.  “I am sorry; I should have announced myself,” Stone said softly, almost a whisper.  Gracey looked up and saw his sad, blue eyes.  Slowly he sat beside her.  “I am so sorry.  I am sorry I made you sad.  I am sorry I brought up unpleasant memories.  I am sorry for everything.”
Gracey just stared; a mixture of confused and surprised.  What was Stone not saying?  What was he so sorry about?
They both turned away and looked towards the fountain.  Stone took Gracey's hand in his, and they sat in silence.
Was it a minute?  Was it an hour?  Gracey lost all concept of time.  How long had it been?  She stood.  Stone stood, and without any words spoken, Stone released her hand.  They slowly walked out of the garden and back to the hotel entrance where the doorman opened the door upon their approach.  Stone allowed Gracey to enter first, being a southern gentleman.  Once inside, Gracey glanced back towards Stone, but he was gone.


Chapter 2 - Escape from Africa

Gracey stood in the doorway for a moment, alone, wondering where Stone had vanished.  She glanced at the doorman who shrugged.  With no answers, the desire for a hot shower quickly replaced her bewilderment.  Moving quickly, Gracey raced to her room.
Being frugal for the past six years, Gracey had eagerly used the soap and shampoo provided by the hotel.  But tonight she needed to escape from Africa if even for a few hot minutes.  Gracey reached into her closet and pulled out her one of her guilty pleasures, a bottle of lavender and vanilla shampoo and matching bath gel.  Standing in the hot shower until her skin almost blistered, Gracey tried to relax.  But once the adrenaline subsided, she was sitting on the floor of the shower crying again.  Not soft sobs but the hysterical, crocodile tears she so often shed.

The next morning, Gracey showered again using the hotel amenities and dressed for work.  Her usual breakfast order was delivered to her door; coffee with an order of toast and jam.  But this morning there was a single lavender rose on the tray and a note from Stone, “Sorry.”  Why a lavender rose? Gracey wondered.
Gracey resolved there would be no tears today as she headed for the lobby.  Jim, Pierce, and Steve were already in the lobby talking business when she arrived.  But where is Stone? Gracey asked silently.
Jim called out, “Our van is here,” and motioned for Gracey to pick up the pace.  “I guess Stone will be joining us later,” Jim added as if reading Gracey's thoughts.
As the van entered the wildlife preserve, the group noticed several vehicles just inside the preserve; security vehicles for the preserve and local police cars.  While wondering aloud what the pandemonium was about, their driver stated, "Some animals have been killed near the main entrance. It is strange; the animals normally do not come near the village."
Several hours had gone by before Stone arrived at the conference center.  He looked different.  His clothes, of course, were impeccably pressed and tailored.  But his eyes were different.  They were not the usual pale blue but darker almost midnight blue.  And he looked like he had not slept all night.  He looked tired and troubled.  While everyone noticed, but not a word was spoken.
The morning meeting ran ahead of schedule and lunch arrived.  As the lunch was cleared, Stone announced with unexpected excitement, “No more work today.  Let’s go sightseeing.”  Stone seemed his usual self again.  
Everyone looked at each other, shrugged and then smiled.  “Let’s go,” Pierce exclaimed, and they all jumped up and quickly gathered their belongings.
Before Gracey had a chance to comprehend everything, Stone grabbed her by the hand and pulled her along with the rest of the group.  “And for dinner, no room service for anyone tonight,” Stone told everyone.  Gracey was too startled to reply.  Maybe this is a good thing Gracey thought getting caught up in the excitement of her coworkers and the anticipation of an afternoon in the sun and no work.
Stone quickly made arrangements for the group to tour the wildlife preserve, a safari with cameras.  While they had been working in the conference room on the wildlife preserve, they had yet to see any wildlife.  The entourage hurried back to the hotel to change and met in the lobby.  The driver was ready, and they departed to spend the afternoon on the African savanna.
The savanna stretched beyond the horizon.  They saw lions, buffalos, rhinoceros, leopards and elephants and more birds than they could name.  The guide commented that while the animals lived in the wild, occasionally some would wander closer to the vehicles so the tourists could get a closer look.  With cameras at the ready, everyone waited for close-up photo opportunities.
Suddenly a Springbok Antelope appeared and curiously walked closer and closer to the vehicle.  Just as sudden, it stopped.  Slowly it took a deep breath, and as if sensing danger, it turned and ran.  The quiet of the savanna suddenly turned thunderous as if every creature on the preserve perceived the danger and was running away.  Everyone gasped in astonishment.  Stone’s eyes immediately turned troubled and dark.
Without a word spoken, the tour guide headed to the drop off point to end the tour.  Arriving at the hotel, Stone was disheartened.  “See everyone tomorrow,” he told the group and disappeared.
Gracey was both disappointed and relieved.  Disappointed she would not have dinner out on the town but relieved she did not have to put on a brave front.  Having already memorized the room-service menu, Gracey returned to her room and ordered a light dinner.  Then after a hot shower and donning some comfortable pajamas, Gracey decided she would curl up on the bed and read for a few hours before going to sleep.
For the first time in two days, Gracey relaxed.  The hot shower relaxed her muscles, and the mint olive oil soap energized her.  She reached towards the bottom of the dresser drawer and pulled out her nice pajamas; the emerald green silk set which matched her eyes, not the cheap jersey pair she normally wore.
Dressed for bed, Gracey grabbed the pillows from both beds and settled in for a night of reading.  She had brought with her a couple of paranormal romance novels her former housekeeper Molly had dropped off at the boarding house just days before Gracey left for Africa.  Gracey was not a fan of paranormal romances, but right now a little distraction from reality was just what she needed.  It was a book about wolves.  After a few pages, Gracey was surprised she was actually enjoying it.  Everything about the book was so far from reality Gracey relaxed and emerged herself into the story.
Wolves?  Humans who turned into wolves?  How absurd.  So engrossed in the story line Gracey had to look up and remember where she was, and this was fiction, science-fiction.
Gracey heard a soft knock on the door.  She had left her dirty dishes and dinner tray in the hall.  Who could this be?  She went to the door and opened it a few inches.  It was Stone.  He looked distraught.  His eyes were still sad and dark.  Gracey wondered if Stone had been crying.  
Stone stood silently with his hands in his pockets, looking down and imitating a little boy caught doing something wrong and begging for forgiveness.  “Can we talk?” Stone asked remorsefully.
In all her years, Gracey had never had a man, other than her father or her family doctor, in her room.  Not in her parent’s home, not in her room at the boarding house.  Gracey was a southern lady.  It was not proper.  But seeing the sadness on Stone's face, she could not deny his request and opened the door wider and granted Stone entry.
Feeling uncomfortable about her attire and not having a robe with her, as she did not entertain men in her room, Gracey excused herself to redress.  She returned in a pair of jean and t-shirt as well as appropriate undergarments.  Stone was sitting at one end of the couch, and Gracey sat down at the far end, pulling up a pillow as a shield between them.  Silence filled the room.  A couple of times Gracey started to break the silence but knew otherwise.  Stone needed to talk about something.  It was not her place to say anything.
“The perfume you were wearing yesterday?  What kind was it?  I have smelled it somewhere before,” Stone rambled, breaking the awkward silence.
“It was my mother’s,” Gracey replied.  “I kept it after she died to remember her.  I rarely use it.  I am afraid it will run out.”  Stone did not reply immediately.
“Do you remember the last time I saw you?  At the Christmas Gala?” Stone asked.  “It was the night your mother died, right?"
“The night she was killed!” Gracey exclaimed angrily, correcting Stone.
Stone remained calm.  “Tell me about that night, Gracey.  I need to know.”
Gracey sat in shock.  It had been six years; six years of hell, pure hell.  She did not want to relive the event again.  It did not get any easier.  Gracey sat silently.  Stone turned to her, silently took both her hands into his and remained patient until Gracey responded.
“Well, you already know when it happened,” Gracey began.  “My father and I had left the Gala and hurried home to tell my mother all about it.”  She felt herself starting to break down.  Breathe Gracey breathe, she said to herself.
“Your mother never attended the parties.  I heard she had been sick a long time.  Was she at home alone?” Stone inquired.
“No, she never went out.  She had been sick for years.  The doctors could never find anything physically wrong with her but felt it might have been depression or PTSD.  Molly, our housekeeper, had gone home for the night.”
“PTSD?” Stone asked.
“Something traumatic happened before I was born.  No one will tell me what.  But my mother would never leave the house.  She stayed in her room, mostly medicated.”
“What happened that night; the night she was killed?” Stone asked again.
“When my father and I arrived home, I rushed upstairs to tell her about the Gala as I did every year; who was there, what were they wearing, what food was served.  I would describe all the decorations, everything.  We would talk for hours.  She wanted to know everything.  But when I got upstairs, I could tell something was wrong before I got to her room.  It was the smell.  I could smell her death.  I smelled the blood and something else.  It was something similar to the smell of a wet dog.”
“A wet dog?”
“It smelled like a dog or maybe some sort of wild animal.  The bedroom was torn apart.  The bedding was shredded; lamps were broken.  I just stood in the doorway.  Blood was everywhere.  Her body was mutilated, torn apart as if a wild animal attacked her.”
Gracey suddenly glanced at the bed and the book she had been reading.  “Like a wolf attacked her,” she gasped in disbelief.
Stone sat in shock, unable to wrap his mind around what Gracey was saying.  The details of the murder had been censored, never released to the public.  The more Stone pondered on Gracey’s words, the sadder he became, the more withdrawn, almost in tears imaging Gracey's pain.  Sadness turned to anger, and without a word, Stone stood and left Gracey’s hotel room, leaving her there alone.
Gracey was unable to move.  Why did he ask me all these questions and then just leave?  Now, she was angry.  Gracey picked up the pillow she had been using as a barrier between her and Stone and threw it across the room, nearly breaking a lamp.
Gracey tried to sleep that night.  She tried closing her eyes and not see any monsters.  As Gracey was finally drifting off, she heard the loud and angry howl of a wild animal.  It sounded like a wolf.

Gracey spent six years knowing well about nightmares.  But she did not function well without sleep.  As she called in her usual coffee and toast order for delivery, she quickly added a shot of espresso and a glass of orange juice.  She was going to need the extra caffeine and sugar to get her jump-started today.  It would take more makeup than she usually wore to cover the dark circles under her eyes.
But after nine years, Gracey was an expert of covering the evidence of her pain and personal torture.  In addition to the nightmares about her mother’s death, every month she endured the horrible pain of her monthly cycle.  And before then, Gracey heard the pain and screams of agony that came monthly for her mother.  The family doctor would come to the house every month and heavily sedate Gracey’s mother and inject her with pain medication.  When Gracey turned fourteen, she quickly understood.  The excruciating pain had been passed down to her, and the doctor treated Gracey each month with the same combination of sedatives and pain medication.  The only consolation was Mayra and Gracey's cycles were in sync, so the family only had to suffer the sleepless nights for a few days each month.  Gracey was relieved to know she would be home before her next cycle started.
Friday morning, Gracey met the men in the lobby for the ride to the conference room.  Stone was absent again.  Jim quickly noticed Gracey’s lack of energy and the extra make-up under her eyes but said nothing.  As they exited the hotel, Gracey glanced over at the meditation garden.  She reached into her pocket and pulled out a coin.  “I will be right back,” Gracey stated and headed for the garden.  Steve and Pierce stood bewildered, but Jim just nodded and said, “Go on.”
Gracey rushed across the drive to the garden, and upon reaching the entrance, she stopped and looked in amazement.  The garden was beautiful, even more, beautiful in the daytime than at night.  The flower beds were overflowing with every color of the rainbow, and the sound from the fountain quickly filled her mind with calm.  She walked over to the fountain and closed her eyes.  While drinking in the aroma of the flowers and the sound of a bubbling fountain, “Let me find peace,” Gracey prayed and threw the coin into the fountain and ran back to the transport.
As the group entered the wildlife preserve, they saw a repeat of the previous day.  There were police and wildlife vehicles everywhere.  The people of the village were in a frenzy; shouting and crying.  Not just about another animal being killed, mauled by another animal, but it happened two nights in a row, and the killer beast had come so close to their village and families.
"Stop!" Gracey called out.  The driver, surprised by her exclamation, stopped immediately.  And before Jim could stop her, Gracey jumped out and ran over to see what the excitement was about.  A Springbok Antelope had been killed.  The carcass showed it had been mauled by another animal, an animal with large claws, maybe a lion.
“But lions don’t come into the village,” Gracey heard one of the locals scream out.  “And look at the paw print!  That is not a lion!”
Before Gracey could wrap her head around what she was seeing or hearing, Jim gently pulled Gracey away, “Let’s go.”
As they approached the conference center, they noticed extra security.  Wildlife officials with automatic weapons were patrolling the area on foot.  The group started setting up for the day; their last day on the refuge before the training at the actual bank began on Monday.  Everyone tried not to get caught up in the fear of the local citizens and to ignore the armed guards standing at either end of a long hallway dissecting the building.  "We will be okay," Jim smiled confidently.
Within minutes, Stone appeared.  He glanced silently at Jim, and the two left the room to talk privately.  Returning minutes later, Stone approached Gracey, “We need to go.”  Stone picked up Gracey's belongings and escorted her out of the room, out of the building and into an awaiting car.  Gracey looked back and saw Jim standing in the hallway.  Gracey’s face showed she was confused, but Jim nodded at her letting her know everything was okay and for her to leave.
“If you are worried about my safety, don’t,” Gracey said to Stone impatiently.  Stone did not reply.  “Where are we going?” Gracey demanded.
“Home,” Stone replied.
“Home?  Why do I need to go home?  Just because I am a woman, you are sending me home?” Gracey stated with frustration.  What is with the misogynistic caveman attitude? Gracey thought.
“We will talk privately, once we get back to the hotel.  I have someone packing your things.  We will be leaving soon,” Stone said succinctly.
The car stopped in front of the hotel entrance, and Gracey jumped out trying to put distance between her and Stone.  She was not happy Stone was making decisions for her.  Stone stopped Gracey from entering the lobby.  Then he ushered her to the bench in the rear of the garden.  Stone wanted added privacy, ensuring no one else entered or would overhear their conversation, and he sat down.  “Sit Gracey, we should talk.”
“Talk, yes, talk.  What is going on?  Why are you sending me home?” Gracey asked, still perturbed.
“I am not sending you home; we are going home,” Stone replied, “both of us.”
“We?”
“Yes, we.”  And without any clarification, Stone blurted out, “I think I know who killed your mother.”
Shock could not describe how Gracey was feeling.  She looked at Stone with her eyes wide open and her jaw hanging, anticipating the rest of the story.  Too alarmed to speak Gracey remained silent.
“It was the perfume.  It is why I asked you about it.  Think back to the Gala.  Do you remember me arguing with my father about leaving the Gala to join my friends at Paddy’s Pub?”
“Yes, I remember that.”
“I smelled the perfume at Paddy’s that night.  But it could not have been your mother because you told me she never left the house.  But I remember the scent.  Someone in the bar had the scent of your mother’s perfume on them.”
“Who was it?” Gracey asked both curious and afraid.
“I am not sure.  But I know I smelled that perfume at Paddy’s that night, and it wasn't a woman.  It was a man.  I am going to help you find your mother’s killer.”
Stone stood up and reached out his hand to Gracey.  She placed her hand in his, and together they walked back to the hotel.
Once inside, Stone informed Gracey the hotel staff was packing both his belongings and hers.  Since he was used to people packing for him, he went with her to her room to help her oversee the packing of her luggage.  "I have a car was waiting to take us to the airport," Stone added.  "I have chartered a private jet to take us home."
Stone could discern by the look on Gracey's face she was appalled by the extravagance and expense he was so casually accustomed to.  "I am anxious to start investigating your mother’s death," Stone offered as an explanation.  "It will be more comfortable plus it will be more private.  We will be free to talk."  And I need to teach you how to play poker, Stone thought to himself.
Stone’s phone rang, and he stepped out into the hall.  “Everything is in place?” Stone asked.  “Good, we will be leaving soon.”  The remainder of the conversation was enigmatic, just yes, and no replies followed by, “Thank you, see you soon.”
In short order, Stone and Gracey were headed to the airport and to the steps of a private jet.  Now, this is service, Gracey thought.  Maybe I could get used to this.  Stone spoke to the pilot and crew for a few minutes, and then they climbed aboard.
Gracey was in awe.  Is this how the other half lives?  Looking around, she saw leather seats, plush carpeting, and paneled walls.  The plane was equipped with phones, TV and every type of personal electronic equipment imaginable.  The seats faced each other, and Gracey could see in the back, a sleeping area, full galley, and a bathroom which put her bathroom at the boarding house to shame.  Gracey did not know whether to be disgusted by the profligacy or excited to be traveling in such luxury.  This sure beats coach, Gracey thought silently and nearly giggled with exhilaration.
Stone tried not to smile at the look on her face.  “Yes, I need to teach you how to play poker,” he mumbled while stifling a laugh and leading Gracey to her seat.
Within minutes, they were airborne.  Gracey stared out the window watching Africa slowly disappear.  It was a trip she would never forget; the beauty of the country, the smell, the people.  But her stay had been cut short.  She had hoped to see more during the planned thirteen-day trip, but here she was, only six days later, leaving.  Gracey was sad she was leaving but anxious to start looking for her mother’s assailant.
Noticing the expression on her face, Stone cautiously reached down and pressed the call button.  A member of the wait staff swiftly appeared.  “Would you like something to drink?” Stone asked Gracey.
Gracey sighed thinking about her favorite tea, tea she needed to revitalize her.  “I wish I could have a cup of my favorite Vanilla Orange Energy tea,” she mumbled aloud.
“One cup of Vanilla Orange Energy tea, ma’am and for you sir?” the male attendant replied.
“A double espresso, please,” Stone answered.
“Yes, sir,” the attendant replied.
Stone watched Gracey as she quizzically wondered smiling.  They have my favorite tea?  I have to special order that tea.
Stone gloated for a moment to himself; Ms. Maple was thorough.  The smile on Gracey’s face was worth it.
Gracey had lived at Ms. Maple’s boarding house since her father was arrested for murder.  It was not a boarding house in the old-fashioned sense of the term.  Ms. Maple had two extra rooms with private baths in her home, and according to Ms. Maple, her deceased husband’s pension did not finance all her expenditures.  Therefore, she rented out two bedrooms with full access to the rest of the home.  The rent was affordable and the accommodations more than adequate.  Gracey had lived there since she was eighteen, and after six years Ms. Maple had become like a mother to Gracey caring for her well-being and ensuring Dr. Robertson was allowed entry each month.  Ms. Maple had also taken on Molly’s task of fixing Gracey’s dinner the first night of her cycle.  The same dinner, Gracey’s mother, had eaten every month.  The same dinner Gracey ate since she was fourteen; an extra-large, extra rare steak, as prescribed by Dr. Robertson to replace the blood they lost during their cycle.
The tea and espresso arrived a few minutes later with an assortment of fancy cookies.  The refreshments were served on real china with linen napkins, not the paper and plastic used by the commercial airlines.  “This is too much,” Gracey declared aloud.  
The attendant smiled as did Stone.  Stone noticed Gracey’s mood was changing; this was a good thing.  There would be more terrible days ahead, and he knew she needed a respite if even for a few hours.
“Do you play poker?” Stone asked.
“No, why,” Gracey replied.
“I just thought it would be a pleasant way to spend the morning since it is still early.  I can teach you.  My dad and I use to play to pass the time when we traveled, and I miss it,” Stone stated, hiding the real motivation for the playing.  It was an excellent way to learn how to bluff.  It was how his father taught him to control his facial expressions.
“Sure, why not.”  Gracey needed a diversion, and it could be fun, she thought.
Stone pulled a deck of cards out of the seat pocket and started to explain the rules for Texas-Hold’em.  Gracey was usually quick to learn but was confused.  Noting her frustration, Stone laughed and told her, “It is okay, you can learn as we go.  Later, we can bet on each hand, to make it more interesting.”
Stone dealt the first two cards and explained the ante and the betting.  Then he continued to deal and explain, deal and explain.  After a few hands, he felt Gracey was ready to start with some real betting.  A quick press of the call button and the attendant was back with a bag of watermelon flavored jelly beans.  "Thank you, Antoine."
“Okay, this is crazy.  First, you have my favorite tea and now my favorite brand and flavor of jelly beans,” Gracey announced.  Stone let a chuckle escape, and by doing so, Gracey missed the wink Antoine gave to Stone.
Gracey and Stone spent the next fifteen minutes playing poker, each winning an equal share of the hands.  They both laughed when they noticed the bean count was slowing disappearing.  “I have a better idea,” Stone told her.  “Let’s play with money.  I would hope you would not eat that.”  Again, they laughed.
Stone pulled two hundred dollars in cash out of his wallet and split it evenly between him and her.  “Now, this is for real.  Winner takes all.”  It was time for the real lesson to begin.


Chapter 3 - Poker Face

“I fold,” Stone said succinctly, laying down his cards.
“Why is it every time I have a decent hand, you fold?  I am not winning anything!” Gracey said, agitated.  While she would never admit it aloud, Gracey wanted to win the two hundred dollars.
“You just told me; you had a decent hand,” Stone shrugged.
“I did not.  I haven’t said a word,” Gracey snapped as she looked back over her shoulder to see if Antoine was giving away her hand.
“Your face gives you away,” Stone answered.
Gracey knew her facial expressions clearly told when she was angry, sad, happy, et cetera, but not while playing cards.
“Okay, let’s try again,” Stone suggested and dealt again.  Gracey had a pair of queens.  She concentrated not to show it on her face.  “I fold,” Stone said again.
“No way,” Gracey exclaimed.
“Okay, let’s try again,” Stone suggested once more and dealt again.  Gracey had two face cards both hearts.  “I fold,” Gracey quickly heard.
“One more time, let’s try again.”
Two more cards were dealt.  A pair of three’s.  Gracey bet ten dollars.  Then came the flop and the betting continued.  Then the river.  Gracey bet again, and Stone met the bet.  Neither had a strong hand, but Stone won on a higher pair.  Gracey lost again.
“Okay, I give up,” Gracey said defeated almost in tears.
“Stop telling me what cards you have,” Stone explained.
“But I haven’t smiled, I haven’t frowned.  Do you read minds?” Gracey asked.
Laughing, much to Gracey’s displeasure, Stone replied, “No, but I read tells.”
“Tells?”
“Yes tells.  Let’s play a few more hands, and I will explain.”
Stone dealt again.  Gracey had two low cards, off-suited.  “You have two low cards,” he stated matter-of-factly.
“How do you know that?” Gracey asked.
“Because you rubbed your ear, and if would have had a strong hand you would have rubbed the back of your neck.  And when you have a so-so hand you tap your foot impatiently hoping to get a couple of good cards so you can raise the bet.  You have tells,” Stone repeated.  “Playing poker is an excellent way to learn to bluff; a way to control your facial expression during a stressful situation, a way to keep a straight face.  For us to investigate your mother’s death and find the culprit, you are going to need a poker face.”
Gracey listened to every word but did not respond.  “Let’s eat a little lunch and then we will try again," Stone suggested.  "Remember, this time it actually will be winner take all, so any money you have at the end of an hour’s worth of play is yours to keep.  Are you up to the task?” Stone asked, with a smirk.
Without delay, Antoine appeared with two goblets of sparkling water and a freshly made Caesar salad.  After asking Stone and Gracey how they would like their salmon cooked, he left to finish preparing lunch.  Lunch was prepared to perfection; Lemon Pepper Salmon, and couscous.  And for dessert, they had crème brulee and a cappuccino.  Neither had eaten much for breakfast, and they were hungrier than they had expected.  They barely uttered a word during the meal.
After lunch, Stone glanced at his watch and realized it was mid afternoon.  He had not slept much the night before, and he could tell Gracey had not slept well based on the circles under her eyes getting darker by the moment.  “We have a long journey ahead of us still, Gracey, maybe an afternoon nap would be welcomed.”  Without hesitation, Gracey agreed.
Stone led Gracey to the rear of the plane to the sleeping quarters.  There was a bed on either side of the aisle.  Gracey noticed her emerald green pajamas lying on one bed and Stone’s night pants on the other.  There was a robe at the foot of each bed.  Forget the poker face, Gracey's expression clearly said, ‘we are not sleeping in the same room.'
“Gracey, what’s wrong?” Stone asked concernedly.
“We are not sleeping together,” Gracey replied alarmed.
“Of course, not Gracey, we have separate beds,” Stone said stating the obvious, looking back and forth between the two beds.
“But they are in the same room!” Gracey called out fretfully.
“Gracey,” Stone laughed as he said her name.  “Technically, yes.  But there is a whole aisle between us.”
“But you don’t understand.  Until last night, the only men who have been in my bedroom have been my father and Dr. Robertson.  It’s not proper,” Gracey exclaimed, almost in a panic.  While she desperately needed sleep, she was not going to sleep in the same room with a man who was not her husband.  Gracey went back to her seat, and near exhaustion, she sighed in desperation.
Fighting the urge to laugh, Stone followed.  He sat down beside Gracey and took her hand.  “You can’t sleep up here.  You need some sleep before dinner.  I can tell you did not sleep well last night, and it is probably my fault.  I should not have told you what I did last night.  I am so sorry.  I should just have asked about the perfume and left.”
Then Stone continued.  “Let’s make a deal.  You go back and take a nap.  I will stay up here and nap, and we will figure out something for tonight.  It’s over twelve hours before we touchdown in Nashville and two more hours to Lone Hill by car.”
Gracey went to the back and looked at her night clothes.  No way was she sleeping on a plane full of men in her pajamas.  After a trip to the bathroom and brushing her teeth, she removed her shoes and crawled into bed fully dressed.
Stone stayed in his seat and made a couple of calls.  He paused for a moment remembering Gracey had mentioned Dr. Robertson.  Jason Robertson was his family doctor, as well.  Dr. Robertson would come to his family’s mansion each month to give him and his mother their monthly allergy shot. Small town, Stone thought and dismissed the coincidence.  Stone reclined his seat and using a pillow and blanket from the second bed he took a short nap.
Gracey awoke, feeling rested.  She went into the bathroom to freshen up, and then quietly went back to her seat.  Stone could not abstain from laughing.  "Your clothes look like you have slept in them."
“I did,” Gracey snapped.
Still laughing, Stone suggested she change for dinner.  Antoine motioned to Gracey silently.  He held up a fresh set of clothing and smiled.  It was one of the two dresses she had packed.  It had been pressed, and her clothes had been unpacked and put into storage drawers or were hanging in a small closet.  It was almost like being home, but someone else had done everything for her.  Gracey felt a little spoiled.   She also felt guilty she was enjoying it.
While waiting for dinner, Stone and Gracey returned to their poker game.  With lots of ribbing, teasing and laughing, she became cognizant of her tells and by dinner time she pocketed most of Stone’s money.
Gracey could not believe dinner could be better than lunch.  They dined on a Cobb salad, lamb chops with mint and mixed spring vegetables.  And for dessert, Italian style éclairs and a glass of dessert wine.
After a cup of coffee, Antoine suggested a movie.  Gracey remembered she had seen the trailer for a new movie which was scheduled to come out as soon as she was scheduled to return from Africa.  Gracey remarked now she would have to wait a week to see it.  “Oh, we have that,” Antoine stated.
“How?” Gracey asked.
“Money does have its privileges,” Stone answered as he winked.
Antoine set up for the movie to include refreshments of sodas, popcorn, and Gracey’s favorite jelly beans.  Sitting side by side, Gracey and Stone settled in to watch a movie.  It was a romantic comedy, not Stone’s favorite genre, but this was for Gracey.  It was good to see her smile.  Her smile made him smile.  The movie was two and a half hours long, and despite Gracey’s tenacity to stay awake until the end, sleep won the battle.  Stone felt euphoric when Gracey leaned towards him and fell asleep on his shoulder.
Stone wanted nothing more than to have Gracey sleep next to him all night, but he knew neither would sleep well, all night in a sitting position.  Stone pushed the call button, and Antoine arrived to assist.  Gently waking Gracey, they led her to the sleeping quarters.  As they sat Gracey on the bed, she awoke fully, and the scene from the afternoon started to replay.
“Wait, wait!” Stone begged.  “I think we found a solution,” he added quickly, as he glanced at Antoine.  “Ever watch old black and white movies?”
“Yes.”
“Ever see any movies where the man and a woman are forced to share a room, and they would put a blanket on a clothesline for privacy?” Stone asked Gracey.
“Yes.”
“Well, that is what we are going to do.  I will go up front, and you get ready for bed and climb in.  Antoine will put up the divider.  Then I will get ready and go to bed.”
Gracey sat for a moment pondering her dilemma.  Both of them needed a full night’s sleep.  And it was Stone's plane, or at least he was paying for it.  And so far he had been nothing less than a perfect gentleman.
Gracey surrendered.  “I guess it will work.  You have already seen me in my pajamas, and you have already been in my room, and since we aren’t technically sleeping together, okay.”
Stone sighed in relief and went back to his seat.  Gracey quickly readied for bed and sheepishly climbed into her bed pulling the blanket all the way to her chin.  Antoine and Stone positioned the privacy blanket, and Stone took his turn preparing for a well needed and full night’s sleep and climbed into his bunk.
“Good night, Gracey,” Stone told her and turned to the wall.  
“Good night, Stone,” Gracey replied and stared at the blanket between them.
Antoine dimmed the lights, and soon they were both asleep.
Unfortunately, after a few hours of sleep, Gracey’s nightmares started again.  The anxiety of finding her mother’s killer devoured her dreams.  Gracey’s muffled cries soon interrupted Stone’s sleep, as well.  When Stone realized the nightmare was not subsiding he had to make a decision whether to wake her and let her suffer in her sleep.  It was more than Stone could endure.  His heart ached to hear Gracey's anguish.
Stone left his bed and moved to hers.  “Gracey, you are having a bad dream,” he whispered, reaching out to her.  Stone took Gracey into his arms and held her against his bare muscular chest while she cried.  Feeling safe Gracey settled back to sleep.  Afraid Gracey would awake, or the nightmare would return, Stone lay beside her atop of the blanket and held her until morning.

Gracey woke to the smell of coffee brewing in the galley.  As she tried to turn over towards the wonderful scent of caffeine, she found herself in Stone’s arms.  But where did the nightmare end and where did the dream begin, she wondered.  She remembered the nightmare but did she dream the rest?  Did she dream Stone holding her while she cried?  Did she dream she slept safely in his comforting arms?  Looking at Stone's serene face, she knew it was not a dream.
Gracey lay quietly for a few minutes, looking at Stone and memorizing every feature.  She inhaled Stone's scent and found it sweet and musky at the same time.  While a contradiction, she found his scent appealing and comforting.  Gracey closed her eyes and relaxed in Stone's arms.
Stone awoke slowly, feeling the heat from Gracey’s body through the blanket.  He listened to her breathing and to her heartbeat.  He inhaled and took in her scent, lavender, and vanilla with a hint of spice.  He found solace in her scent.  Gracey was awake but totally relaxed.  Wanting to prevent Gracey any embarrassment, Stone pretended she was still asleep and slowly left the bed and readied himself for breakfast.
Gracey waited until she knew Stone was up and dressed and then took her turn in the bathroom.  As she approached her seat, she found Stone already sipping his first cup of coffee.  Stone innocently smiled, happy to see her and before she finished sitting, Antoine was there with a cup of coffee for her.  “Breakfast will be ready soon,” Antoine announced.  “I have prepared a light breakfast.  I am sure you will enjoy it.”
“I have checked with the pilot, and we should be landing soon and then on to Lone Hill.  While we eat, Antoine will pack your belongings so you can relax until we land,” Stone advised Gracey.
"Thank you," Gracey mumbled, not sure what to say.
Stone looked across the table, with a devilish smirk on this face asked, “So how did you sleep last night?”  
Gracey looked up in surprise and blushed.  “How do you think?” she retorted and threw her napkin at him.  Stone laughed.  Gracey blushed again.
Antoine arrived with a breakfast of fresh fruit and croissants.  Since Stone and Gracey were not breakfast people, they ate a little of the fruit, and each had another cup of coffee.
“Gracey, we will be landing soon, and we need to talk about where we go from here.  Finding your mother’s killer could be dangerous.  After last night and your nightmare, I am concerned whether you are up for it emotionally.  It hurts me to see you in so much pain.”  Stone reached across the table and placed his hand on top of hers.  “I care about you, Gracey.  I don’t want you to get hurt.”
Gracey did not pull her hand away.  She felt safe with Stone.  She knew he would protect her.  She turned her hand palm up and took a firm hold of his hand.  She looked straight into his eyes, and his heart, and with all the resolve she could muster she told him, “I have to do this Stone.  I have to find my mother’s killer.  Together we can do it.”
Stone leaned towards Gracey and kissed her for the first time placing a gentle kiss on the top of her hand.


Chapter 4 - Lone Hill

Stone and Gracey sat facing each other and held each other’s hand as the jet neared the Nashville airport.  As they lined up for the approach, Stone moved to the seat next to Gracey and reached over to buckle her seat belt before buckling his own.  The landing was smooth and uneventful.  After eighteen hours, Gracey was anxious to disembark the plane.  Antoine moved quickly to the front to open the door, and Stone waited until he passed to unbuckle his seat belt and stood.  Stone moved into the aisle and took a step back to let Gracey exit first.  His mother had taught him well.
Gracey moved to the door and stopped to look back for one last glance at the opulence.  With no photos, she would need to remember everything to share with Ms. Maple.
Crossing the threshold of the plane and onto the steps, she gasped.  “Is that for us?” Gracey inquired.
“What do you think?” Stone replied.
“It’s just the two of us.  Do we really need something so big for just two people?” Gracey retorted, confused.
“Gracey, it is two hours to Lone Hill.  And after eighteen hours in the air, a little leg room will be welcome.”
“A little leg room?  It’s a limousine!” Gracey called out.
Stone laughed. “Is this your poker face?” Stone teased.  Gracey reached back and elbowed him only to come in contact with his rock hard abs.
The driver, Charles, stood next to the open door of the highly polished black limousine.  As Gracey approached, Charles nodded politely and looked down towering over her, “Ma’am.”  Charles then looked at Stone and seemed to be answering a silent question, “Yes sir.”
Antoine loaded Stone and Gracey’s luggage into the trunk of the limousine said his goodbyes, and soon Stone and Gracey were on their way home to Lone Hill.
I need photos, Gracey said to herself.  Ms. Maple is never going to believe this.  Gracey could only smile.  Stone smiled.  This was not the time for a poker face.
Stone helped Gracey settle in for the two-hour drive.  The scenery would be fantastic once they left the city.  Lone Hill was two hours outside of Nashville to the east.  Not necessarily a rural town but a smaller town than most metropolitan cities.  Both Gracey and Stone had lived in Lone Hill all their lives, except for when Stone went away to Harvard.  Both of Gracey’s parents grew up there as well as Stone’s father, Rudy.  
Stone found it hard not to look at Gracey.  Her emerald green eyes seem to hypnotize him.  Everything about Gracey made him smile.  Stone felt complete when he was with her.  He knew instinctively Gracey was his other half.
Stone pulled out his cell phone to make a few calls to ensure everything would be ready for their arrival.  Hearing mainly yes, and no answers from Stone, Gracey occupied herself exploring the limousine.  There were nooks and crannies everywhere.  Behind every compartment door was another surprise.  Gracey found music, movies, TV, and in the refrigerator section, food, drinks and even a place for stemware and plates.  Every time she opened another door she gasped in utter amazement.  Too busy exploring; Gracey did not notice the silent glances between the chauffeur, Charles, and Stone.  Each gasp would result in a smile from Stone and a small nod from Charles.  And then, Gracey found them, truffles.  They were the same champagne bead truffles Mrs. Rudolph would have flown in for her Christmas Galas from the New Orleans’ French Quarter.  They were the same champagne bead truffles which Gracey fell in love with and would sneak a few into a napkin to take home to her mother every year.   Gracey's excitement turned to embarrassment.  She looked over at Stone like a child being caught with her hand in the cookie jar and realized her chocolate thefts had not been unnoticed every year.
“It’s okay,” Stone said in a comforting voice and smiled.  Looking to the front of the limousine, Stone caught Charles smiling, as well.
With the first bite, Gracey was in heaven; this was a blissful luxury her meager salary could not afford.  And then out of habit she wrapped a few into a napkin and slipped them into her purse.
Soon Stone and Gracey were nearing Lone Hill.  They would first pass the Rudolph estate.  The locals, due to their southern ancestry called it a plantation, but it was not old enough to be a plantation with the mansion being built only thirty years before.  It was a stately mansion built to match the old-fashioned style of Lone Hill.  It was a two story colonial with large white columns on the front.  It sat atop of the ‘lone hill’ in the area.  Framed by acres of pristine dark green grass, it had been appropriately named Emerald Knoll.
Gracey stared out the window as they reached the boundary of Emerald Knoll.  “Big, huh?” Stone stated self-consciously.
“Ya think?” Gracey replied and rolled her eyes.
They would need to drive through the town square, to get to the other side of Lone Hill and to the boarding house.  The boarding house was near the bank headquarters allowing Gracey to walk to work, weather permitting, thus allowing her to stretch her paltry budget a little bit further.
The town square was the quaint 19th-century style with the town hall in the center.  Similar style buildings lined the streets around the town hall.  Having grown up in Lone Hill, Gracey had never truly appreciated the look and feel of her hometown.  While big enough to have all the 21st-century amenities, it was small enough to feel old-fashioned and homey.
Soon they would pass Rudolph, Inc.  Like the rest of the town, the building had the old south feel.  During Abigail’s first visit to Lone Hill, she fell in love with the town.  Mr. Rudolph vowed, from that point forward, to preserve the small town atmosphere despite the cost.  His connections with the local government and ‘good ole boy’ associations ensured all future buildings met strict architectural guidelines.
It was Friday, so Gracey knew she would have the weekend off.  But what about Tuesday?  Monday was a holiday.  Would she be back in her cubicle Tuesday morning? Gracey wondered.  Just enjoy the rest of the ride, Gracey told herself, knowing it would soon be over.
“Sorry Gracey, but I need to make a quick stop to pick something up at the office.  It should only take a moment.  They have it waiting for me in the lobby.  Then, I will take you home.”
Gracey was quickly pulled back into reality.  Her twenty-four hours of total indulgence was about to end.  “You’re the boss,” Gracey answered contritely, and her mindset reverted to her position in the pecking order sitting up straight and moving away.
Oops, Stone thought.  I blew that.
Charles pulled into the drive to Rudolph, Inc. and parked at the front of the building.  It was lunch time, and there were numerous people standing near the front door.  Included in the group were a few of the women who worked in the basement near Gracey.
Oh no, Gracey feared silently at seeing the women who had given her strife after her fall from wealth.
While Gracey was frowning, Stone grinned. This could be my chance to redeem myself, he pondered mutely.
Charles opened the door, and the women looked in to see who was getting out of the limousine.  It was Stone.  They swooned.  Then they saw Gracey and gawked in astonishment.  Gracey just smiled shamelessly at them as if to say, look at me now.  Retribution had been served.  Seeing the silent interaction between Gracey and the other ladies, Stone decided to take it even further.  As he exited, he took Gracey's hand and kissed it for a second time.  “Be right back,” Stone added with a wink and grin as he closed the door.
Gracey looked to Charles, who through his normally stoic façade chuckled with amusement and pleasure.
Returning in less than a minute with a large envelope, Stone noticed the women still standing there.  His normally smiling face and sparkling eyes turned cold with discontent.  Stone's glare told them wordlessly he would not tolerate their behavior.
Minutes later the limousine pulled up in front of Ms. Maple’s boarding house.  It was a 20th-century craftsman’s style home.  It was white with classic black shutters complete with a white picket fence and gate and cottage style garden in the front filled with colorful spring blooms.  While mournful her journey was over, Gracey was pleased to be home.
Charles opened the limo door, and when Gracey stepped out, Ms. Maple was promptly on the front porch to greet them.  Stone walked with Gracey inside, and the trio entered the parlor to say their hellos, sheltered from the glaring afternoon sun.  Charles entered the home behind them with Gracey’s luggage and with a nod from Ms. Maple and Stone; Charles proceeded to Gracey’s room.
Gracey was bubbling, impatient to tell Ms. Maple about the trip home.  “We have plenty of time for that, darlin'.  Let us get you settled in first.  Lunch is almost ready.  Go freshen up, and we can talk over lunch and a tall glass of sweet tea.”
Gracey stood and climbed the steps to her room.  Ms. Maple winked at Stone and returned to the kitchen.  Stone waited a minute and then quietly climbed the stairs and walked down the hall to Gracey’s room.  Gracey entered, but Stone did not; staying in the hallway.
Gracey was surprised.  On her bed, she saw a large gift basket with a large lavender bow.  On the table, there was a collection of candles that softly scented the room.  And a single lavender rose.  Gracey picked it up, now suspecting who the basket was from, and inhaled the scent of the rose; a hint of spice.
Gracey turned and noticed Stone standing in the hall smiling from ear to ear watching her exuberance.  “From you?”
“Of course.”
“Why?”
“Just because you are home, the journey does not have to end,” Stone replied.
Gracey moved towards him, to thank Stone, but he stood in the hall, resolute.  Realizing Stone was not moving towards her, Gracey stopped.
“It’s your bedroom, Gracey.  I am not coming in,” Stone explained with a smug smirk, as he backed up and sat in the chair against the wall directly in front of her bedroom door.  “Open, your basket.  I hope I have not missed anything,” Stone insisted.
Gracey carefully removed the bow and the cellophane wrap.  Inside she found bottles of her favorite shampoo and body gel, a bag of jelly beans and a deck of cards.  There was also a full box of truffles and a new bottle of her mother’s perfume. The last item was a leather-bound scrapbook.  Inside the scrapbook, a penny was taped to the first page with the words, ‘For your next wish.'
Gracey turned and walked towards Stone and with tears of happiness in her eyes; she moved into his waiting arms.  “Thank you,” was all she could say.
“Lunch,” Ms. Maple called out from the bottom of the staircase.  Releasing his hold, Stone looked into Gracey’s emerald eyes wanting to kiss her and not on her hand this time.  But it was too soon.  He would be patient.  He would wait.  
The three entered the kitchen together, and Gracey was surprised as she saw three place settings.  Stone was staying for lunch.  It was a simple lunch, homemade chicken salad sandwiches with a relish tray of sweet pickles, pickled green tomatoes, and okra, and a pitcher of sweet iced tea.
Ms. Maple was careful to pick the topic of conversation, talking about the local gossip and other events during Gracey’s absence.  She intentionally kept the subject matter light.
It is good to be home, Gracey sighed.
As they finished, Ms. Maple placed two slices of chess pie onto the table and without explanation left the room.
“Let’s talk about Tuesday,” Stone announced.
“Yes, Tuesday, back to the old grind,” she replied.
“No, we start the investigation on Tuesday.”
“But I have to work.  I cannot afford to take off.”
“Gracey, I have it all worked out.  That is why we stopped at the office.  I am taking a personal leave of absence, and you, well, how do I say this without offending you?”
After a moment of contemplation, Stone finished with, “I am taking care of your pay.”
“Taking care of my pay?  I do not need a handout.  I need a paycheck,” Gracey yelled, insulted.
“Gracey wait that is not what I am saying.  You will be paid your normal hourly rate, plus any expenses.  Think of it as being my assistant for this special project.”
Gracey sat trying to think how to reply.  Still angry, she was trying to wrap her head around what Stone had told her.  Gracey wanted desperately to find her mother’s killer.  And while work would be a distraction from the pain she was about to endure, she needed to be an active part of the investigation.  “Okay,” she acquiesced through her clenched jaw.
Stone smiled.  “We need to work some more on your poker face.”  They laughed.
“I will pick you up Tuesday morning,” Stone instructed.  “Get some rest this weekend.”  And he left.


Chapter 5 - Happy Birthday

Saturday afternoon Gracey announced she was headed to town to shop for a few sundries.  Elmer Johnson was in the parlor on his cell phone.  He quickly ended the call with a perfunctory, “Yes sir.”
“Would you like a ride?” Elmer asked.  “I need to pick up a few things myself.”  
Gracey was stunned.  Elmer had never offered Gracey a ride into town; never in six years.  Elmer had moved into the boarding house a month before Gracey.  He was the one who had told his cousin Molly about the second room for rent when Molly mentioned her little girl needed a new home.
Elmer was ex-Army and in his mid to late thirties.  He was not a strikingly handsome man.  He was plain.  But Elmer stayed fit by jogging and going to the local gym.  Normally he stayed to himself, and Gracey knew little about him.  Elmer worked as a security guard at Rudolph, Inc. and often Gracey, and Ms. Maple joked he was like having their personal live-in protection detail.  Lone Hill had a remarkably low crime rate but having Elmer there made the ladies feel safe regardless.
Gracey thanked Elmer for the ride as she infrequently used her car.  It was an older car, not fuel efficient, and expensive to use considering the current price of gasoline.  It had been her father’s car.  Gracey needed a new car, one more economical, but she could not afford the monthly payments.  So, while Elmer jogged to stay in shape, Gracey walked.  During extreme weather, Gracey took the shuttle to work.
Elmer and Gracey headed out after asking Ms. Maple if she needed anything.  They rode in silence.  Elmer rarely talked.  “Is Perkins okay?” Elmer asked.
“That would be perfect,” Gracey replied.
Perkins was a small family owned store, not a chain store, and they carried the items Gracey needed.  Mrs. Perkins kept a box of coupons behind the counter and always seemed to have one for the items Gracey was purchasing.  Mrs. Perkins had known Gracey’s parents.  She did not express pity or concern about Gracey’s situation, but if she could help out with a few coupons, so be it.
Gracey and Elmer entered the store, and they both picked up a hand basket.  Gracey headed to the aisles for the items she needed.  Her list was short: toothpaste and floss, a new tube of lip gloss and a few hair products.  Elmer stayed by her side.  “I will meet you up front,” she advised, noticing Elmer following her.
“It’s okay; I don’t mind,” Elmer countered.  Gracey was truly puzzled as Elmer followed her through the store no more than a few feet away.
Gracey announced she had everything she needed and started towards the checkout counter.  Elmer followed.  “Do you have everything you need?” Gracey asked him knowing he had never strayed more than a few feet from her the entire time.
“Sure do,” Elmer replied.
Mrs. Perkins was at her usual post and smiled as Gracey approached.  “I heard you went to Africa!” Mrs. Perkins called out.  “That must have been exciting!  You have to tell me all about it.”
“I wish I had the time right now,” Gracey replied while glancing over her shoulder.  “Mr. Johnson drove me today, so it will have to be another time.”  Gracey placed her items on the counter, and Mrs. Perkins pulled out the coupon box.  She quickly located ones for the toothpaste and floss.  Mrs. Perkins then announced she had a buy one get one sale on the hair products so the mousse would be free.  And since the lip gloss would be on sale the next day she would give her the discount today, and Mrs. Perkins quickly bagged the purchases.
Elmer laid his items on the counter.  Gracey looked at them and noticed a strange assortment of items.  Some of them did not fit his personality.  I guess I really do not know him; Gracey thought to herself and shrugged.
Later, after dinner, Gracey retreated to her room and found the book she had started reading in Africa.  While she found the story intriguing, after a few chapters, Gracey fell asleep.

After church on Sunday, Gracey helped Ms. Maple in the vegetable garden planted in the back yard.  Ms. Maple’s mother had grown up during the Great Depression era of the 20th century, and Ms. Maple was well-versed in growing and preserving her own vegetables and jams.  The picket fence encased the entire yard, but Ms. Maple continued the tradition of planting marigolds, lavender and other herbs amongst the vegetables to ward off deer and rabbits which would find a way into the yard for a snack.
Closer to the house Ms. Maple had a few rose bushes with lavender planted in front of them, as well.  They were antique style roses she had rooted from bushes originally owned by her mother and grandmother; mostly varieties no long cultivated and each with a unique scent.  It had been a while since Gracey had taken a close look at the rose garden.  Today the scent intrigued her.  They seemed more fragrant than she had remembered.  As Gracey moved closer to scrutinize each scent, she spotted a rose bush she had not previously seen.  It was a hybrid variety of rose.  It looked out of place next to the others.  As she got closer, Gracey saw a few of the buds just starting to open.  She gasped as she saw the lavender roses.
“They remind me of you; just a hint of spice,” Ms. Maple grinned.
Things are getting strange, Gracey thought and quickly dismissed it as coincidence.

Monday was Memorial Day.  Gracey tried to relax.  She helped Ms. Maple around the house while Elmer watched a baseball game in the parlor.  Gracey was not a sports fan and went back to her room and read more of the paranormal romance book.

Tuesday morning, Gracey dressed semi-casual in her best brown slacks and a lightweight peach blouse.  Late May in Tennessee was hot and humid, already nearing 100 degrees on some days.  Gracey would need to dress lightly.  She made herself a cup of coffee and a piece of toast that she liberally slathered with Ms. Maple’s homemade peach butter.  It was her favorite.  Then Gracey went to the parlor to wait for Stone.
Promptly at nine, Stone knocked on the front door.  As Gracey opened the door, she was amazed at his casual appearance.  She had never seen Stone in jeans and a golf shirt.  Even on casual Fridays at work, Stone wore dressier clothes.  The blue shirt highlighted his pale blue eyes, and she was intrigued on how the jeans accentuated his toned physique.
“Good Morning,” Stone said with a wink and entered the foyer.  “I thought today we would start at the library and look at newspaper articles.  They keep the place a bit on the cold side so you might want to grab a sweater.”
Gracey agreed and went to her room.  After returning with a sweater, they left.  At the end of the sidewalk was Stone’s car.  Parked on the side of the road was a silvery blue Italian sports car; a Ferrari 458 Spider.  If Gracey did not know better, she would have thought it had been painted to match the color of his eyes.  The color matched perfectly.
It was a short drive to the county library.  Leaving Gracey to her thoughts, in the hope of making the morning as stress-free as possible, Stone stayed silent while placing his hand on hers as a gesture of comfort.
Mrs. Grady met them at the front desk.  An elderly woman, far beyond retirement age, Mrs. Grady had worked at the library for nearly sixty years.  She had lived in Lone Hill all her life.  If something had happened in Lone Hill, she would be the one to talk to.  Having received Stone's call earlier, Mrs. Grady had already set up a private room for Stone complete with an old-fashioned microfiche viewer for older newspaper articles and a computer which had the most recent ones.  Mrs. Grady escorted Stone and Gracey to the viewing room and departed.
“Let’s start with the worse part first and get it over with,” Stone decided, trying to hide his fear and impending gloom.  “Let’s start with the night of your mother’s death.”
Gracey slumped in a chair and buried her face in her hands.  “This is harder than I thought it would be,” Gracey mumbled with trepidation.
Stone pulled a chair next to Gracey and sat down.  Placing his arm around her shoulder, he told her, “I can do this if you want me to.  I will take you home and then return.”
Gracey sat up in horror and affronted.  She glared at Stone yelling, “How dare you!  This is my fight, not yours!  It was my mother who was killed, my mother!”
Angry, Gracey nearly shoved Stone out of the way and turned on the computer.  She entered her mother’s name into the search bar, Mayra McKenzie Newsome, and waited for the search results.  They started with the first article about the night of the murder.  “Woman killed in home invasion.”  The article gave basic facts, time, date, and next of kin.  They found a follow-up article giving a few more details, such as the cause of death; massive loss of blood and an investigation was continuing with no suspects.  Other than the obituary, there was nothing more on Mayra’s murder.
Feeling discouraged, Stone suggested they would need to get access to the police reports and the forensic details.  He knew the Police Chief, and maybe they could set up an appointment for the later in the week.
But why was Mrs. Newsome targeted or the Newsome home broken into?  There were other women home alone that night.  What was the motive? Stone thought silently.  “Was anything taken?” Stone asked Gracey perplexed.  "Maybe it was a home robbery gone awry."
“Nothing was taken.  I remember Officer Williams asking my daddy the same thing.”
“Officer Williams?  You mean Police Chief Williams?”
“Yes.”
“I am not sure if it will make it harder or easier,” Stone replied.  “But we will worry about it when the time comes.  Do you have any of your mother’s belongings?” Stone inquired.
“I have a few pieces of her jewelry which I did not sell, her wedding rings, and Grandma’s pearls,” Gracey replied.
“What about papers or documents?  Do you have any photos?” Stone asked.
“My mother hated being photographed.  But I think Molly may have some she took when I was a baby.  She took a small box of mementos with her when I sold the house,” Gracey advised.
“It’s time to pay Molly a visit then.”
Molly lived in Lone Hill on the same road as Emerald Knoll.  She had worked for the Newsomes for a little over eighteen years.  She had been hired by John Newsome when Mayra Newsome had become ill before Gracey was born.  Molly had been a godsend for the family.  Mayra had become extremely depressed and withdrawn during her pregnancy, and John needed help with both his wife and the house and later with Gracey.  Molly offered her services for a salary that was well below the normal asking wage for her duties.  At the time, Molly was still young, in her early twenties and her husband had died suddenly.  The joy of taking care of a family was ‘reward enough’ she always told the Newsomes.  Plus she had her late husband’s life insurance money to get by on.  Molly had been Gracey’s caregiver until the day Gracey sold the house.
Stone and Gracey stopped at a popular diner for lunch before driving to Molly’s home, giving Gracey the opportunity to call and announce she would be stopping by.  Gracey did not reveal the reason for the visit leading Molly to believe it was just a social call.  Gracey could not show her hand yet.  It was time to practice her poker face.
Stone and Gracey pulled up to the modest farmhouse of Molly McNicol.  Gracey was excited and nervous.  She loved Molly, but the visits over the years had been few.  Molly heard the car coming down the gravel drive and walked out onto the porch drying her hands on her apron.  When Molly saw Stone’s Ferrari, she was instantly unnerved.  What is he doing here?
But when Gracey jumped out of the car, there were hugs and kisses and tears.  Then more hugs and kisses.  Molly, of course, had known about the trip to Africa and had dropped off a couple of books at Ms. Maple’s home for Gracey to read.  It had been nearly six months since they had actually seen each other.  Molly looked at Stone “Good afternoon, Mr. Rudolph,” she said formally, smoothing out her apron.
“Come in, come in,” Molly told Gracey and Stone as she ushered them into the living room.  “Sit, sit.”  Molly tried to disguise her uneasiness glancing time and time again at Stone.  “Mr. Rudolph, how are your parents?” Molly asked to be polite.
“They are fine,” Stone replied succinctly.
“Sorry to give such short notice before stopping by Molly, but I was searching for a picture of my mother and me when I was a baby for a project I am working on.  And I cannot seem to find one.  Do you have one?” Gracey asked innocently.
“Of course, baby girl.  Let me get my box,” Molly replied.
Molly walked away, and Stone smiled.  “Good job,” Stone told Gracey patting her on her leg.
Molly returned promptly with a small cardboard box.  She opened the box and started to thumb through the papers.  Noticing newspaper clippings and what appeared to look like official documents, Stone knew he and Gracey needed a few minutes alone to go through the box.
“Mrs. McNicol,” Stone started formally and then asked weakly as he rubbed his forehead as if in pain, “Do you have anything for a headache.  My spring allergies are acting up, and it is a few days before Dr. Robertson stops by the house for my monthly allergy shot.  Some aspirin and a cold glass of water would be a godsend.”
Molly moved into caregiver mode.  “Of course,” she replied and excused herself.  Stone and Gracey immediately started going through the box.  Several newspapers clippings caught Stone’s attention, and he looked at those first.  “Two Local Women Attacked, One Dead.”  The date was August 1987.  He saw the name Newsome and put it aside.  “Man Killed in Bar Fight” June 2006.  “Newsome Convicted of Murder” November 2006.
There were a few other articles which appeared to be related.  Afraid he would forget the dates; Stone folded them and slid them into his pocket.  He placed the Newsome articles back into the box.  Gracey and Stone both looked up simultaneously.  Molly was coming back down the hall.  They put the box back on the table and acted as if they were talking about the meal they had just had.  Stone palmed the aspirin Molly had handed him and drank the water.  He glanced at his watch and announced they would have to leave in a few minutes and started acting impatient.
Molly swiftly scanned through the box and found a photo of a young Mayra and Gracey as a baby and handed it to Gracey.  Gracey thanked Molly and kissed her on the cheek.  Gracey and Stone quickly departed.
They tried not to run to the car, giggling the entire way.  They jumped in, and Stone sped to the end of the driveway.  When they reached the road, Stone stopped the car, and they both laughed hysterically.  “Who says I don’t have a poker face?” Gracey proudly announced.
The afternoon was coming to an end.  Stone and Gracey decided they would go back to the library the next day and get more information before calling Chief Williams.
“I need to make one stop before I drop you off, and since you’re officially on the clock, you cannot say no.”  Stone was having fun.  “We may have a few special assignments this week,” Stone continued.  “And we need to pick up a few things.  Now that I have taught you the art of bluffing, we may have to dress for a few of the roles.  We are going to need a few uniforms for the job.  I hope you like to shop.”
Suddenly they were parked in front of the nicest clothing shop in the area.  “We are shopping here?” Gracey asked with suspicion.
“This is where I normally shop.  Come on, let’s have some fun,” Stone insisted.
Gracey had not considered shopping fun in six years.  Shopping at discount stores for clothes appropriate for work was always difficult.  Nice clothes did not come with cheap price tags.  Clearance sales were Gracey's best friend.
Stone and Gracey entered Merriman’s Boutique.  Gracey had not been in Merriman’s since December 2005.  Gracey and Molly had found the emerald dress Gracey had worn at the last Christmas Gala she attended at Merriman’s; Alfred Merriman sold only the best.
“Good afternoon, Mr. Rudolph,” Alfred Merriman called out welcomingly.  A tailor by trade, as was his father and his grandfather, Alfred could take one look at a person and find the perfect outfit whether a suit or a pair of jeans.
“Good afternoon, Alfred," Stone replied with a warm smile, and then addressed Gracey.  “Just look around for a moment Gracey while I talk with Mr. Merriman. I should only be a minute.”  Stone and Alfred whispered together for a few minutes, and with a few nods of agreement, Stone called Gracey over.
“Gracey, we are going to need a few outfits while we complete our assignment.  Now I know you will want to say no.  And since your birthday is tomorrow, consider this a birthday present.”
How did he know tomorrow is my birthday?  Omigod! Gracey thought.
“I made a call to HR,” Stone confessed and winked seeing the puzzled look on Gracey’s face.
Every time Stone winked at her with those pale blue eyes Gracey became putty in his hands, and she was convinced he had already figured it out.  Oh why, not?  He said the journey was not over, Gracey mused silently.  Gracey sighed to show her reluctance before yielding, “Okay.”
“Let’s start with a suit for the lady; nothing too expensive, certainly not silk.  Something well cut to show off her beautiful figure,” Alfred said winking.  “I have the perfect suit to compliment her emerald green eyes.”
“Mr. Rudolph?  Where have I seen eyes that color before?” Alfred commented to Stone and laughed as if it was an inside joke.
“Into the dressing room on the right, young lady,” Alfred told Gracey.  “My assistant will be there in a moment to help you.”
Gracey walked into the dressing room.  It was nothing like the department store dressing rooms.  It was large and roomy, perfectly lit with mirrors all around so the shopper could get a 360-degree view.  There was a second dressing room to the left.  This one was undoubtedly the ladies' dressing room decorated in pale pinks and mauves.  Gracey secretly wondered if the men’s dressing room was painted blue.
A middle age woman soon appeared.  “Good afternoon, Ms. Newsome.  My name is Amelia, and I will be assisting you today.”  Amelia held out a summer weight dark gray suit and an emerald green top.  “This should match your eyes,” Amelia commented.
Gracey stripped down to her undergarments and donned the suit.  It was almost a perfect fit.  However, having a small waist, jackets were normally a bit loose at the waist for Gracey.  But as quickly as she walked out into the mirrored area, Amelia was there with pins and tailor’s chalk making marks and tucks.  “Let me make a few more quick alterations and let’s see how it looks.”
Gracey looked at herself in the mirror; the skirt was perfect, the proper length.  If only she had some pumps to see how her well-toned legs would look.  Amelia returned with the jacket and a pair of black pumps in her size.
“Well?” Gracey heard Stone call out.  “Let me see.”  Gracey bashfully exited the dressing room.  Alfred nodded in approval, and Stone smiled in admiration.
“We will have the jacket ready tomorrow,” Alfred advised.
“Next, we will need two dresses; one casual and one for the evening.”  Stone had already selected a few dresses with Alfred’s help, and Amelia was at the ready to carry them back.
“Let’s start with the casual dresses first,” Amelia suggested.
Gracey looked at the two casual dresses.  She picked up the pale peach one.  Peach was always a good color for her showing just how fair her complexion was.  It was cut higher, accentuating her ample figure and would not need alteration.  It flared just enough to be flirty and fun.  It draped perfectly over her hips and fell a few inches above her knees.  With a pair of strappy sandals, the outfit was complete.
Now it was time for the evening dress.  Why will I need this? Gracey wondered.
There were two dresses; one shiny midnight blue dress and one emerald green dress.  Gracey ignored the emerald green selection even though she knew it would be Stone’s favorite color on her.  The blue gown was cut perfectly for her body and curves.  It was cut low enough in the front to show a hint of cleavage and cut low in the back.  Slipping into a pair of four-inch heels she looked at herself again.  Amelia gasped.
“Let me try something,” Amelia suggested. She reached into a drawer and pulled out a couple of bobby pins.  Amelia quickly pulled Gracey hair into a loose French twist.  “There you go!  Now look.”
Stone was becoming impatient.  “Amelia, is everything okay?” Alfred whispered from the other side of the curtain.
“We’ll be out in a moment,” Amelia replied.  Gracey looked down towards her cleavage, and Amelia instinctively knew Gracey's uneasiness.  Reaching back into the drawer, Amelia pulled out a few pieces of two sided adhesive and showed Gracey how to use them to keep the dress in place and prevent any wardrobe malfunctions.
“Ready?”  Amelia asked.  “You look beautiful!”
Gracey took a deep breath and exited the dressing room, walking the way her mother had taught her.  Gracey saw Alfred first, who smiled with approval.  Then she saw Stone.  Stone was overwhelmed.  He knew Gracey was beautiful, but in this dress, he was speechless.  He was in awe of her elegance.  They stood looking at each other.
“Shall I wrap it?” Alfred asked after catching his breath.  Stone could only nod.  He was still wordless.
Gracey turned and rushed back into the dressing room.  She was embarrassed by the reaction from the men.  Gracey changed back into her clothes and exited the dressing room for the last time.  She saw Stone paying for the clothing and shoes.  Stone gave Alfred the address for the boarding house and escorted Gracey out of the boutique.
“Let’s have some fun tomorrow since it is your birthday.  What do you want to do?” Stone asked.
Gracey pondered the question.  Despite the three-day holiday weekend, she was already worn out.  I need a down day, she thought.
Stone was quickly becoming attuned to Gracey’s needs.  "How about a day at the spa and then we will celebrate your birthday with a night on the town," Stone suggested.
Gracey thought about a day at the spa being rubbed, scrubbed, polished, and buffed and decided it would not be relaxing.  "The spa scares me."
“Well, let’s start with tomorrow night and work backward,” Stone suggested.  “What do you want to do?  Anything; lady’s choice.  Is there anything you want to do you have not done before?”
“Not done before?” Gracey guffawed.  “Other than going to Africa, I haven’t done anything.  I had never left the state. I have never gone out.  I have never had friends.  I have spent my entire life taking care of my mother and then my father.  Where do you want me to start?”
“Let’s start with your birthday celebration.  Let’s go to dinner and then out dancing.”
“Dancing?  I have never gone dancing.”
“I know a great club we can go to.  We do not have to dance, well maybe a slow dance or two,” Stone said with a wink.  “It sure would be a shame to waste the chance to wear the gown we just bought,” Stone continued with a smirk from ear to ear.
Gracey blushed.  She was still embarrassed with Stone buying her clothing.  And the look on his face seeing her in the gown was still fresh in her memory.  However, a night out on the town would be a change in her humdrum life.  “Okay.”
“Now, how about a day at the spa?” Stone suggested again.
“A whole day is a bit much,” Gracey told him.  “Maybe just a mani-pedi?  I would like a little downtime.  Time to just do nothing at all.”
After a few minutes of deliberation, Stone replied, “How about the spa after lunch and then I will come back to pick you up.  I think I know the perfect spot for some down time.”
Stone pulled up to the front of Ms. Maple’s and noticed Elmer pulling into the driveway in his bronze colored Ford F-150 truck.  “I will pick you up at 12:30 and drop you off at the spa,” Stone told Gracey.


Gracey awoke and showered and dressed as normal.  To her, it was just another day; except she had a date for tonight.  Was it a date? Gracey pondered as she looked at the calendar; Wednesday, May 30, 2012.
Gracey entered the kitchen for her morning cup of coffee and a slice of toast and noticed a single chocolate cupcake in her spot at the table with a lit candle on top.  Ms. Maple and Elmer jumped out to wish her a “Happy Birthday.”  Also on the table was a crystal vase with two dozen of lavender roses; one for every year since her birth.  The card read, ‘May the journey continue.'  Gracey smiled knowing the roses were from Stone.
Around eleven o’clock, the purchases from the day before arrived.  As Gracey opened the packages and took the clothes out of the garment bag, she noticed some things that she had not tried on.  "This has to be wrong,” she thought aloud.  There were a few pairs of jeans, several peasant style tops and tunics, and a handbag to match each pair of shoes.  Gracey also found a few other accessories to include some costume jewelry and a flirty pair of sandals to go with the jeans.  Then she noticed another card, ‘Just a few things to make your day complete.'  It is just too much Gracey thought and then realized Stone had bought everything she had held up in front of herself while looking into the mirror.  He actually noticed.
Refusing to give in totally, Gracey selected one of the peasant tops she had admired and changed out of her old blouse.  But not the jeans, she was wearing her favorite faded jeans.  They were totally comfortable and worn in all the right places.  Then Gracey looked at her feet.  She had flip-flops on for the trip to the spa, and those flirty sandals were to die for.  Gracey took them out of the box and slipped into them.  While Gracey felt a bit angry at Stone for spending so much money on her, she was elated feeling spoiled; exciting to be wearing clothing she could only dream about.
Stone picked Gracey up promptly at 12:30, just as promised.  Gracey continued to be amazed at his punctuality.  As she answered the door, Stone smiled.  “I see you got my gifts.”
“Yes, but you have to stop spending so much money on me.  You spent more on these clothes than I make in months, maybe the whole year.  It’s not proper.”
“Remember I told you, I would pay you your salary plus expenses?  Well, these are some of the expenses,” Stone informed her and winked.  
It was a short ride to the spa.  “Just another expense,” Stone reminded Gracey as he pulled up to the door.  “See you in an hour.”
Gracey entered the spa.  The ambiance was incredible.  She was approached immediately by the staff and ushered into the back.  After an offer of sparkling water, a mimosa, or champagne, the ladies started to pamper Gracey.
Gracey normally did her own manicure and pedicure.  She kept her nails short but well cared for with a light polish.  Today she was going for a more elegant look, something she was never able to do herself, a French manicure on both her fingers and toes.  Gracey's old polish was removed, and her appendages soaked, scrubbed and rubbed.  Gracey relaxed, determined to enjoy every second of the experience.  It was her first trip to a spa.
As Gracey prepared to depart, she remembered she needed to leave a tip.  As she reached into her purse for some money, the receptionist indifferently stated, “It’s already taken care of Ms. Newsome.”  Of course, Stone had thought of everything.
Gracey exited the spa and climbed into Stone’s car.  “Thank you,” Gracey told him genuinely.
“Happy Birthday,” Stone replied grinning.  “Everyone should be pampered on their birthday.”
“So where are we going now?” Gracey asked.
“Be patient Gracey, we will be there soon.  It is one of my favorite spots, and I am sure you will like it too.”
A few minutes later, Stone pulled into the driveway to Emerald Knoll.  “We are going to your house?” Gracey exclaimed in horror.
“No, no,” Stone quickly answered.  “But we are going to my favorite place.”  And he drove past the house, the pool and stopped at what appeared to be a horse stable.
“We’re going horseback riding?  I have never been on a horse,” Gracey said, holding her breath.
“Breathe, Gracey, breathe.  You trust me, right?”  Stone took her hand into his.  
Gracey exhaled.  “Yes.”
Near the stable was a golf cart with a basket and blanket on the back.  “We are going down to the creek.  It is the most peaceful place I know.  We can relax and talk or just do nothing.”  Gracey immediately sighed with relief.
It was a short ride to the creek.  There was a wide grassy area under a large shade tree.  Stone gathered the basket and blanket and led Gracey to his favorite place in the shade.
After spreading out a blanket and pulling cold bottles of water out of the basket, they laid back.  Lying next to each other, neither one spoke.  Stone reached over and took Gracey's hand.  No words were exchanged.  Stone rolled onto his side and gazed at Gracey, taking in her beauty.  It took every bit of strength, not to kiss her.  After a few minutes, Stone rolled onto his back and stared at the tree above them.
“I know nothing about you,” Gracey whispered as she adjusted her hand.
“Of course, you do,” Stone answered back.
“Not really, Stone,” Gracey rebutted.  “I know who you are, where your work and live and who your parents are.  I have been to your house for a few parties, and I know you like to spend money.”  Gracey had to chuckle at the last comment.
“Well, what do you want to know?” Stone offered.
They talked about Stone's favorite color, emerald green, of course, his favorite genre’s of books, movies, and music; all the usual questions.  Then Gracey asked the personal ones.  Stone was always good looking and muscular, even as a teenager.  “So how many girlfriends have you had?” Gracey asked.  The question caught Stone by surprise.
“Of course I have had a few girlfriends, but nothing serious.”
Gracey found it hard to believe.  Stone had gone to an Ivy League school and had traveled the world.  With Stone’s wealth and gorgeous good looks, women should have been throwing themselves at his feet.
“I had a girlfriend or two in college.  I have dated but other than dating, nothing.”
Hearing Gracey moan in disbelief, Stone turned to Gracey and in a more serious tone continued.  “Gracey, I don’t believe in casual sex.  There were too many women out there who threw themselves at me because of my wealth or inherent wealth.  The last thing I needed was a harem of baby momma's and a slew of bastard children to support.  Have I kissed a woman?  Yes, quite a few.  Have I made out with a woman?  Yes, a few times.  But none of them was the one I planned on spending the rest of my life with.  I believe in love and in forever.  I would never have sex with a woman who was not my wife.  I will marry my soulmate, and I will make love to her, not have sex.”
Gracey sat up and looked at Stone.  “Are you telling me, you have never had sex?  Stone, you are four years older than me!  I can understand that I have never had sex; I have no social life.  But you?”
Sitting up to look her in the eye, Stone answered.  “I know it's odd for a rich, twenty-eight-year-old man not to have had sex.  And it has not been easy.  There were many opportunities.  And if you if you need for me to say it aloud, then yes, I am a virgin.”
Gracey laid back and stared at the sky wide-eyed.  Stone lay back, as well.  After a few minutes, it was Stone’s turn.  He asked the usual what is your favorite questions.  The more they talked, the more Stone realized Gracey never had a chance for a full life.  Knowing Gracey never had a social life, Stone intentionally did not ask the boyfriend question.
After a few minutes of silence, knowing Stone would not ask, Gracey answered the unasked question.  “I have never had a boyfriend.”
Stone smiled has he took her hand and replied, “You have one now.”  Gracey smiled.

Stone drove Gracey home so she would have time to prepare for the evening.  After a short nap, Gracey showered and got dressed.  She applied more makeup than usual.  Since it was evening, she pinned up her hair and in the collection of costume jewelry delivered that morning she found a pair of white and midnight-blue drop earrings.  He thought of everything.  Gracey slipped into the black heels and placed her ID and lipstick into the matching clutch.
Gracey heard Stone arrive, right on time.  She hesitated as she left the room.  She took one more look into the mirror and smiled timidly.  Gracey slowly descended the stairs, afraid of embarrassing herself by falling.  These heels are a bit high.
Ms. Maple and Stone stood in the foyer.  Ms. Maple was teary eyed, and Stone was speechless.  “Beautiful,” Ms. Maple whispered breaking the silence.  She sobbed silently as if it Gracey was her own daughter.
Gracey took Stone’s arm and walked out.  Gracey looked back at Ms. Maple on the porch and smiled as if she had just entered a fairy tale.
Charles drove them to dinner in the limousine.  Gracey stared at Stone admiring his perfect suit and stunning blue eyes.  Stone stared back admiring the most beautiful woman in the world.
Dinner was perfect, of course.  Stone had ensured it.  They had her favorite Caesar salad, following by linguine with clams and for dessert a chocolate mousse.  The service was impeccable and the food exquisite.
Then they set out for a night of fun.  Gracey had never been in a nightclub.  Her first impression; it was loud and crowded.  But she quickly got swept up in the excitement; watching beautiful people everywhere dancing and having fun.  As Stone waited for the club manager, Gracey continued to look around.  Men and women alike were staring at her.  Gracey glanced into one of the many mirrors.  Who was that staring back at her?  Is it really me?  
Stone took her hand and leaned in.  “I am the luckiest man alive with you at my side.”
The club manager arrived and led them to a private VIP area upstairs.  The area overlooked the dance floor and the rest of the club.  A bottle of the best champagne was on ice awaiting their arrival.  “It’s your birthday, why not.”  The waitress poured them each a glass of champagne as they sat down.  Gracey leaned forward over the rail and looked around.  “Is it the way you imagined?” Stone asked her.
“I am not sure how I imagined it.”
Gracey kept busy; people watching, taking it all in.  Stone watched her as he slowly sipped on his champagne.  “Feel like dancing?” Stone asked.
“Dance? You know I don’t know how to dance.”
“How about a slow one?” Stone suggested.
“Stone we have been here for a while, and I have not heard one slow song.”
“I have a feeling one is about to come up,” Stone announced as he glanced at his watch.
“Does everything go the way you plan?” Gracey inquired suspiciously.
“I hope so!” Stone replied with a hint of arrogance.
Stone stood.  He took Gracey’s hand and led her down the stairs and across the club towards the dance floor.  Men looked on in envy as did the women.  Separately Stone and Gracey were both attractive.  Together they were spectacular.  And as if on cue, the crowds parted to let them through.  As they reached the dance floor, the music turned slower, and the lights dimmed.  Gracey gently shook her head in disbelief, “Is this a dream?”  Stone nodded no and lowered his lips to hers.
It was a gentle kiss, a perfect first kiss.  Gracey melted into his arms.  If her eyes had been open, Gracey would have seen the look of unrelenting love in Stone’s eyes.  Everyone else in the club did.
A second slow song started, and Stone kept Gracey in his arms.  About halfway through the song, Stone became aware of two men watching them; their look was sinister, their eyes dark but almost glowing.  Where had he seen eyes like those before?  Calm and contentment fleeted as Stone's intuition took over.  Something was wrong, but he did not know exactly what.  Stone continued to watch the men as he danced.  When the song ended, Stone led Gracey from the dance floor.  As Stone and Gracey moved, the two men moved.  Stone motioned for their waitress and paid their tab.  He made an excuse he had a headache and pulled Gracey out of the club.
Charles had parked directly across from the nightclub and was standing at the ready.  He was a year younger than Stone and a large, brawny man who could double as personal protection.  Charles sensed something amiss and opened the limousine door closest to the street for Stone and Gracey to enter.  As Charles closed the door, the two men exited the club.
Charles’ gut instinct was to confront the two, but it was Gracey’s birthday, and he could not fathom the thought of ruining her night.  Charles slipped into the limousine and drove away.
Stone apologized for ending the night early.  “I hope I have not ruined your evening?  I normally don’t drink more than one glass of champagne,” Stone stated as an explanation for them leaving the club suddenly.
“Ruined my evening?  Are you crazy?  It was the best night of my life.”  Gracey took Stone's hand and smiled.  “Thank you,” Gracey whispered.
Stone put his arm around Gracey, and she leaned into him.  He kissed her atop her head and sighed.  Looking up at Stone, Gracey whispered, “Happy Birthday, Stone!”  And she laughed.
Stone looked at Gracey totally surprised.  “You’re not the only one with a friend in HR,” Gracey bragged.


Chapter 6 - Sweethearts and Monsters

The next morning Stone jumped out his car and ran up the walk as giddy as a little boy on Christmas day.  He knocked, and Ms. Maple answered.  Gracey was still in the kitchen gulping down her coffee and trying to eat her toast in four bites.  Gracey peeked done the hall and acknowledged Stone’s arrival as she waved around her coffee cup and chewed.  “Hi, sweetheart,” Stone called out.  Ms. Maple looked up at him wide-eyed, and her jaw dropped.  Gracey looked at him in disapproval.
“Too soon?” Stone asked.
Gracey nodded her head yes and crinkled her nose.  “Too soon,” she replied.
“What happened last night?” Ms. Maple asked quietly.
Stone leaned down to her ear and whispered, “We kissed.”
Ms. Maple shook her head, laughed and walked away.  That boy has it bad, she murmured and laughed some more.
“I want to go back to the library,” Stone told Gracey as they left.  “I saw a few newspaper articles in Molly’s box and want to find them.”
Minutes later, Mrs. Grady escorted Stone and Gracey to the private viewing room and unlocked the door.  “More research?” Mrs. Grady asked.
“I want to look at some older articles,” Stone told her.  “I would like to see August 1987.”
“August 1987?” Mrs. Grady asked fearfully.  Of course, Mrs. Grady knew what had happened, but she said nothing as she avoided looking at Gracey.
“Yes ma’am,” Stone replied.
Mrs. Grady brought the microfiche reel and told Stone to call down to the desk if he needed anything else.
It took Stone a few minutes to find the article “Two Local Women Attacked, One Dead,” and printed it out.  The article described how two local women, Sally Birch, and Mayra Newsome, were attacked by several men.  Stone found Sally Birch’s obituary and printed it, as well.  Sally died trying to stop Mayra from being assaulted.  The attack had been stopped by Mr. Newsome and Mr. Birch but not soon enough to save Sally.  Sally and Mayra had been out celebrating Sally’s news she was pregnant.  The photo of the crime scene showed a few people in the background.  Looking closer, one of the women in the crowd looked a lot like Stone’s mother.  “It can't be!” Stone exclaimed.  “I need to enlarge this picture.”
Stone searched the newspapers to ascertain if anyone had been arrested for Sally’s murder.  He found one stating the police had a few suspects.  The men belonged to a gang of bikers from out of state.  And then a week later, there was another article citing two bikers had been found dead in a densely wooded area of a nearby state park.  The official cause of death was listed as an animal attack.  Stone printed out both articles.
Stone and Gracey sat in disbelief.  Neither of them knew about these occurrences.  Stone was a little over three years old at the time, and it was nine months before Gracey was born.  Stone did the math silently and visibly shaken, stacked the copies and tried to find a way to distract Gracey.
Gracey reached across the table, to grab the papers and knocked over her tote.  Stone saw the cover of the book she was reading and almost laughed.  “So how do you like the book?” Stone asked, changing the subject from their recent discoveries.  On the cover was a picture of a black wolf with vivid green eyes.
“It’s not bad.  I usually don’t read this type of book, but the storyline is interesting, despite it being totally make-believe,” Gracey replied.
“Have you read any others by this author,” Stone asked.
“Molly dropped off this one and plus another before I left for Africa.  I haven’t even finished this one yet.”
“Do you know who A. B. Henry is?” Stone asked Gracey.  She shook her head no.
“She's my mother,” Stone answered.
Gracey looked at him, shocked.  “Your mother?”
“My mother was born Abigail Henrikson.  Abby, A – B.  And she anglicized Henrikson to Henry.  She had written the books before she met my father.  She met him at a book signing in New York.  And the rest is history, as they say in the movies.”
“I wonder if Molly knew your mother wrote these,” Gracey mused.
Stone thought about it, but he did have an answer.  He shrugged.
“Henrikson; I have seen or heard the name before,” Gracey stated baffled.  “In the box Molly had.  I saw a piece of the paper that was folded in half with the words, ‘Henrikson Family Tree’ on the outside.  I did not recognize the name, so I ignored it.  Why would Molly be interested in your family tree?”
“We need to get that box,” Stone declared with a sense of urgency.
Stone and Gracey prepared to leave to pay Molly another visit.  But on the way out, Mrs. Grady discreetly passed an envelope to Stone and whispered, “You may want to look at this.”
Once inside Stone’s car, he opened the envelope.  It was a photocopy of Sally Birch’s death certificate.  “Why does Mrs. Grady want me to have this?” Stone asked Gracey.  It was a standard death certificate, but as he read the cause of death aloud, they both gasped, ‘Massive loss of blood.'
“It’s the same as my mother’s cause of death.”
“This cannot be a coincidence!”
Gracey did not have an answer.
“Let’s get some lunch, and then we will figure out where we go from here,” Stone suggested seeing the look of horror on Gracey's face.
Stone and Gracey stopped at a restaurant outside of Lone Hill for a bit of privacy.  Stone had the papers from the envelope on the table.  He was staring at the death certificate.  The waitress refilling their tea glasses noticed the document.  “Are you researching your family tree?” she asked casually.  
Stone and Gracey looked up at the waitress, puzzled.  “Death Certificates can be extremely helpful in researching your family.  They have information about the parents; the spouse, if married, why they died, who examined the body and sometimes where the dearly departed was interned.”  And then she walked away.
Jesse Birch was listed as the spouse of Sally, and there was a home address.  “Mrs. Grady gave us this for a reason.  Maybe we are supposed to talk to Mr. Birch,” Gracey suggested while shrugging.
“It couldn’t hurt,” Stone nodded in agreement.
Stone and Gracey drove to the address on the death certificate but found Mr. Birch no longer lived there.  The new occupants gave them another address.  They drove to the second address; again Mr. Birch no longer lived there.  Standing near the road, wondering what to do next, they were approached by an older neighbor.  The woman asked with a deep southern drawl, “Who ya lookin’ foe?”
“We are looking for Jesse Birch,” Stone replied, flashing his perfect smile.
“Mista Birch moved away a long time ago, darlin'.”
Looking defeated, Stone and Gracey turned to get into the car, when the elderly woman called out, “But I knows where he live.”  And then she mumbled, “Dat man be crazy.  He keeps talking about monsters and eyes dat glow in the dark.”
“Where?” Gracey called out.  “Where does he live?”
Gracey wrote down the address, and after an exuberant thank you, Stone and Gracey drove away.  As they entered the neighborhood, the property values of the homes drastically decreased.  As they pulled up to the address provided, it seemed more like a shack than a house.  After a few minutes of contemplation, Stone reached across and locked Gracey’s door.  “Don’t get out until I motion for you,” he told Gracey before getting out of the car, and then Stone approached the door.
Stone knocked loudly, and a few moments later an older man answered the door.  “Mr. Birch?” Stone inquired.
“Yes,” the man replied.
“Mr. Birch, my name is Stone Rudolph.  I have Gracey Newsome with me, and we would like to talk to you for a few minutes about Gracey’s mother, Mayra.”
Jesse Birch looked towards the car and to Gracey.  He paled as if had seen a ghost.  Mr. Birch scowled and started to close the door, but Stone held the door open with his hand.  
“We only want a few minutes, sir.  It would truly mean a lot to Gracey,” Stone implored as he looked towards the car.
“Okay, but just a few minutes,” Mr. Birch agreed reluctantly.  He did not want to entertain guests let alone answer any questions.  But he knew Stone would persist until he acquiesced.
Stone motioned for Gracey to join him, and together they entered the shack.  The shack was dark and dirty.  Mr. Birch’s appearance, much like his home, was disheveled.  Mr. Birch's face was tired and wrinkled, and his eyes were dark and disturbing.  He looked as if he was constantly being tortured by monsters and demons.
Gracey stayed close to the door afraid to enter any further.  Stone cautiously sat on the arm of one of the chairs closer to Mr. Birch.
Stone started the conversation.  “We found an old newspaper article about your wife and Gracey’s mother being attacked back in 1987.  I know this is hard Mr. Birch but can you tell us about that night?”
Mr. Birch looked around the shack nervously as if looking to see if someone was watching him, listening to him.
“It was supposed to be the happiest night of my Sally’s life.  Sally and Mayra were best friends; had been since they were little girls.  We had just found out Sally was pregnant.  Mayra and John were newly married, and Mayra was hoping to be pregnant soon as well.”
Mr. Birch paused for a moment, taking a long draw on his bottle of beer.
“We had all gone out to Paddy’s to celebrate.  It was late when we left.  We boys were caring for the tab, and the girls left the pub ahead of us carrying on about baby names and what not.”  Mr. Birch drank again.
“John and I were joking around as we walked out and then we heard it; a murderous scream and then another.  We ran towards our girls.”  Mr. Birch broke down crying.  Taking a deep breath, he looked around the shack again, acting paranoid.
The volume of his voice lowered, almost to a whisper.  “We could hear the screams, and the sound of growling, loud growling.  We ran as fast as we could, yelling.  We saw three extremely large men running away.  Sally was on the ground bleeding, practically cut to pieces and near death.  Your mother…” Mr. Birch paused, looking towards Gracey.  “I cannot tell you anything more.  Your father knows the rest.”
As Mr. Birch stood to walk away, the sunlight beaming into the room spotlighted Gracey.  Mr. Birch looked at Gracey, and shuddered in fear, and shrieked, “Your eyes!  I can see them in your eyes!”  In sheer panic, Mr. Birch ran from the room.
Stone and Gracey stood in utter confusion.  “Omigod, what was that about?” Gracey asked.  With no answer to the question, they returned to Stone’s car and left.
“Things are getting weird,” Stone stated, breaking the silence.  “I think we need to regroup and plan what we do next.”
“I need to see my father,” Gracey said sadly.
“When was the last time you visited him?” Stone inquired.  
Gracey started sobbing.  “Never.”
“Never?”
“He doesn’t want me to come to the prison.  He says it would be too hard on him,” Gracey replied tearfully.
“But we need to find out whatever it was Mr. Birch would not talk about,” Stone insisted.
“I know, but…”
“Let me make some calls and see what I can do,” Stone said taking charge.  “But for tomorrow, let’s meet at my office, and we will figure out what we know and what we need to find out; this seems like a big circle with no end.  It is as if everything is related, but I cannot figure it out.”
Gracey was feeling the same and agreed.  “I will have a car pick you up in the morning, and then we will get started.”
The sleek black BMW 760Li town car arrived the next morning, as promised.  Charles knocked and waited while Gracey rinsed her coffee cup in the sink and gathered her belongings.  While not the first time Charles had been Gracey’s driver, she was still in awe of his size.  “If I ever need a bodyguard, I am calling you,” Gracey said jokingly.
Charles drove Gracey to Stone’s home office.  It was built as a guest house behind the Rudolph mansion.  It was larger than the boarding house and in the same style of the main house.  The furnishings were much like the Rudolph home, built in shelves, pocket doors, natural wood and lots of windows.  The dining room had been converted into a conference room.  The building included a fully stocked kitchen and bedroom suite with an oversized bathroom.
As Gracey entered, she observed two large whiteboards set up near a smaller conference table in the main office.  A side-hutch was set up with refreshments and pastries.  Stone heard Gracey arrival and placed a bag of her favorite tea into a cup to steep.  He knew Gracey liked her tea strong and sweet with a splash of cream.
“Gracey, please sit, let’s talk for a few minutes.  I called the prison, and I have talked to your father.  He was quite reluctant at first, but he has agreed to see you tomorrow.  Are you up to it?”
Gracey softly sobbed, but then her tears turned to tears of joy.  The chance to see her father regardless of the reason for the visit would be welcome.  After six years, Gracey wanted to see her father, and she wanted to see if he was doing well.  She missed him.  She worried about him.
“Yes,” Gracey replied with a small smile.
Stone looked down at the folder of documents and newspaper articles in his hands.  Then looking up at Gracey Stone asked an equally difficult question, “Do you want to continue?  We can stop now if you want.  I think we are stumbling into something more than just who your mother’s killer was.  Do we want to know it all?”
This was the third time Stone had asked her if she wanted to find her mother’s killer.  “We continue,” Gracey stated with no reservations.
“Let’s look at what we know.  What’s the same?” Stone told Gracey, and they started looking at each document.
“Mrs. Birch and my mother both died of massive blood loss.  And both their bodies were mutilated.”
Stone wrote it on the first board.
“Mr. Birch heard growling, and I smelled the scent of an animal in my mother’s room.  Is it related?” Gracey asked.
Stone replied, “I don’t know,” and wrote it on the second board.  “My mother’s birth name was Henrikson, and you saw a piece of paper with the words Henrikson Family Tree on it.”  Stone wrote it on both boards.
“And what was with Mr. Birch yelling ‘I see them in your eyes’?” Gracey wondered aloud.  Stone wrote the word 'eyes' on the second board.
“What else do we have?” Gracey asked.
“Well, one article told about two suspects in your mother’s attack back in 1987.  But Mr. Birch said there were three attackers.  And this other article talks about two gang members found dead in the woods killed by an animal attack.  And there are no names.”
“I am so confused.”
“Me, too.”
Then Stone remembered the photo of his mother at the scene of the 1987 attack.  And he wrote it on the board.  “What does your mother have to do with this?” Gracey interjected.
“I don’t know, but since we already have her name on the board, let’s not dismiss it.” Stone insisted reluctantly.  “And we need to find out from your father what Mr. Birch would not tell us,” Stone added sullenly.
“We need to get back into Molly’s house and look at everything in that box.  If we go back so soon, she will be suspicious.  I hate to suggest this, but we may have to steal the box,” Stone continued after a short pause.
Gracey looked at Stone in shock and disbelief, but she agreed.  She would not be able to pull off the ruse a second time.
“We will take care of it after we talk to your father.  Maybe we will not have to be involved in a breaking and entering.  At least not yet,” Stone tried to joke.


Chapter 7 - I Need a Shower

Stone pulled into the parking lot of the State Prison.  Gracey had never been to the prison to visit her father, at his request.  It was visitor’s day, and there were crowds of families visiting their loved ones.  Stone put his arm around Gracey’s waist and kept her close for comfort and protection.  After the usual sign in and weapons and contraband check, Stone and Gracey were led to the main visitor’s room.
John Newsome’s eyes lit up when he saw his little girl.  Gracey was wearing the peach dress which Stone had bought her, and she looked beautiful.  John looked surprised by Gracey's shorter haircut.  His baby girl was now a woman.  Then John saw Stone.  What is he doing here? John wondered.  He had not considered Stone would accompany Gracey inside even though Stone had arranged the visit.
“Hi, Daddy!” Gracey called out, walking faster.  John saw Stone’s arm around Gracey’s waist and scowled.  It was not a you are not good enough for my daughter scowl, but a what the hell is he doing here scowl.
“Daddy, meet Stone Rudolph.”
“I know who he is,” John glared.  “But what is he doing here, with you?”
“Daddy, Stone is helping me found out who killed Mommy; and he is my friend.  Please be polite,” Gracey implored.
“Okay, but only for you, baby girl,” John conceded only because he loved Gracey with all his heart.  He did not want to make the visit any harder than it promised to be. John never wanted Gracey to visit him at the prison or see him in a prison uniform, regardless of the truth.
After a few minutes of the usual pleasantries, how are you, where are you living, where are you working, John turned to Stone, “You know I am innocent, right?”
Stone did not reply.  He and Gracey were not there to question John's innocence.  They were there to ask a question that might lead them to who had killed Gracey's mother.
“I was set up; there is no way I could have killed that man.  I only hit him once.  It’s as if they were trying to get me out of the way,” John continued.
“What happened that night Daddy?  I know what I heard at your trial, but what really happened?  What didn’t you say?” Gracey asked, begging for the truth.
“Gracey, I know I let you down.  I know I went to Paddy’s too much after your momma died.  But I did not kill that man.  I was sitting there minding my own business.  Sure I had one too many to drink.  There were three men in the back, playing pool.  And for no reason, one comes up and sits near me.  He says to me ‘You’re Newsome, right’ and I shake my head yes.
“I looked at the back of the bar, and I see these other two guys laughing.  It was weird.  There was something about their eyes.  They were dark and sinister.  But anyway, this guy next to me start talking about your momma’s murder and saying things a man ought not to say about another man’s wife.  I tried to ignore him, but after he called your momma a b…”  John hung his head in despair unable to say the word out loud.
“It was more than I could take; someone talking about my dear Mayra that way.  So I stood up and punched him.  But I was too drunk Gracey, I barely hit him.  Then the two guys in the back come rushing up, and the next thing I know a man is on the floor dead.”
“Do you know who the men were?” Stone asked, in hopes of learning something that could tie the men to Mayra’s murder.
“No.  And they left immediately.  When the cops showed up, no one remembered seeing them.  All they remembered was me hitting the man, who died.”
“Gracey, I swear, I did not kill him,” John reiterated, hoping Gracey would believe him and know he was not a murderer.  John could not tell her everything, but he could give her a few clues to help with finding the truth.  And more importantly, he needed her to know he was still a good man.  “But I could not have imagined them.  I remember their eyes, and I remember how they smelled.  They smelled like they worked on a farm; maybe a slaughter house.  They smelled like animal blood.”
“Mr. Newsome, can you tell me more about their eyes?” Stone asked.
“Like I said, they were dark, almost like they weren’t there.  But when the men moved closer, it was like their eyes glowed; glowing green eyes.  And here is the real crazy part; I swear I saw them in the courtroom during the trial.  I told my lawyer, but since no one could collaborate they were at Paddy’s, there was nothing I could do.”
Stone remembered the men in the club the night of Gracey’s birthday.  Their eyes were the same.  But what is the connection?
“Daddy, I need to ask you a real tough question.  Please, I need to know,” Gracey told her father begging for the truth.  “We, Stone and I, found a newspaper clipping from 1987.  It was about Mommy being attacked, and Mrs. Birch being killed.  We went to talk to Mr. Birch, and he would not talk about Mommy’s attack.  He said to ask you.  What happened that night?” Gracey asked.
John recanted the story almost verbatim of what Mr. Birch told them.  “When we got to them, Mrs. Birch was near death, and your mother was on the ground, her clothes ripped off with scratches across her body.  She was crying hysterically; they had ….”  And he stopped.
“I am sorry Gracey, but this is all I can tell you,” John said and refused to finish his sentence.
The trio sat in silence for several minutes.
Gracey and Stone stood to leave.  Gracey and her father and embraced.  As Gracey turned to leave, John asked, “Are you still seeing Dr. Robertson?  Don’t you have an appointment on Monday?”
“Yes, Daddy.”
“Are you eating your red meat?” John asked.
“Yes, Daddy.”
“I love you, Gracey.”
“I love you too, Daddy.”
Gracey turned before her father could see the tears in her eyes, and she walked away.  
Once Gracey and Stone were in the parking lot Stone turned to Gracey.  “You have an appointment on Monday with Dr. Robertson?” Stone asked.
“Yes, Monday evening.  It is a monthly thing; since I became a woman.”  And then she lowered her head in embarrassment.  It is a woman thing.  Stone did not ask, but her inference indicated exactly what she was thinking.
“And what was the question about eating red meat?”
“Every month before the shot I eat a rare steak.  Dr. Robertson says it replaces the blood my body loses.  It makes me feel better, so I do it,” Gracey answered.
“I have an appointment, as well.  But mine is for my allergies, me, and my mother.  As you may have noticed I do not eat much red meat, but I eat a steak each month before the shot, and it seems to help the side effects of the allergy shot.  Dr. Robertson cannot explain why but if it works, one steak a month cannot be harmful,” Stone told Gracey with his instincts telling him something did not ring true.
“Maybe this is one of those things we need to add to the whiteboard,” Gracey suggested, and they laughed.

Since Stone counted Saturday as an official work day, they took a break from the investigation on Monday, and they it spent separately preparing for their monthly Doctor’s appointment.  They knew after getting their shots; they would spend the rest of the night and most of the next morning sleeping.  After their traditional dinner of extra rare steak, each at their respective homes, Stone called Gracey to say goodnight.
Gracey had not given Stone the details of her monthly visit with Dr. Robertson.  She did not tell him; it was the first night of her cycle.  She did not tell him about the pain, while dulled by the painkillers, or about the nightmares.  Not only did Gracey not want Stone to know, but also it was too early in their relationship to be sharing those details of her life.
Soon after dinner, Dr. Robertson arrived at the boarding house.  Gracey had already changed into her night clothes and was in her room.  Ms. Maple escorted Dr. Robertson upstairs and chaperoned the visit.  As Dr. Robertson was preparing the needle, Gracey asked, “How long have you been our family doctor?”
“All your life,” Dr. Robertson replied.  “Actually it was right after your mother was atta….”  He stopped mid-word.  “It was about the time she found out she was pregnant with you.”
“But not before then?”
“No, Mrs. Rudolph referred her to me.”
“You take care of the Rudolphs too?”
“Yes, honey, I take care of a lot of people in Lone Hill,” Dr. Robertson replied with a chuckle.  Dr. Robertson gave Gracey the shot and left.  Ms. Maple tucked Gracey in and settled in for a long night.
Around noon the next day, Gracey awoke.  Ms. Maple had left the room.  Ms. Maple would stay until daybreak and then go to her room and sleep.  Gracey called Stone.  “Are you up yet?”
“Yes, just woke up a few minutes ago.  How are you feeling?” Stone asked.
“A bit groggy.  The pain killers always seem to leave me a bit tired, but it will wear off after a strong cup of coffee,” Gracey told Stone.
“A double espresso for me,” Stone confessed, and they laughed.
“Why don’t we spend the afternoon down by the creek and just relax?  If we need to, we can take a nap and feel human again,” Stone suggested.
“That sounds great.  I will be ready to go when you get here,” Gracey replied and smiled.  She instantly felt a bit of energy returning.
Stone arrived forty-five minutes later, and they drove to Emerald Knoll.  The golf cart was waiting, packed with a light brunch, drinks and a blanket.  Stone drove the golf cart as fast as was safe to the creek.  It was now their spot.  Gracey loved it as much as Stone did.
Gracey walked over to the creek to dip her toes into the cool water while Stone spread out a blanket.  When she turned to walk back, she saw Stone had scattered hundreds of lavender rose petals on and around the blanket.  She walked back with a smile.  “Stone, why lavender roses?”
“They smell like you.”
“Like me?”
“Yes, everyone has their own scent.  I when I inhale your scent it has just a hint of spice,” Stone replied.
“That is what Ms. Maple said too,” Gracey said, a bit surprised.  “You smell sweet,” Gracey told Stone.
“Sweet?”
“Well, sweet and musky.  I like it.”
They spent the afternoon, staring at the sky and each other.
After leaving the golf cart at the stable, they stopped at the Stone’s home office.  On the table, in the entryway, was another gift basket.  Gracey shook her head, “This is too much, Stone.”
“This one is not from me; it’s from Jim.  Yes, Jim.  It is a ‘Sorry you had to leave Africa early’ gift.  Things for your scrapbook,” Stone explained.
Gracey peeked into the basket.  Inside were things to remind her of her trip to Africa, things she didn’t have a chance to collect before leaving so abruptly.  There were photos and postcards, brochures and menus, a collection of the hotel soap and shampoo.  Jim had added a surprise; a snow globe of the meditation garden.
“It is perfect,” Gracey sighed and smiled.
After repacking the basket to carry home, Gracey walked over to the whiteboard.  She picked up a dry erase marker and added a couple of clues:  Dr. Robertson and his monthly visits on the same day, red meat, and she circled the word ‘eyes.'
“Stone, tomorrow, I want to go back to the library and see if there are more photos of the courtroom the day my father was convicted.  And then on Thursday, I want to see the police evidence of my mother’s attack and her murder.”
Stone stood in awe.  Gracey was now telling him what to do.
“Nine o’clock?” Stone asked, almost subservient.
“Yes,” Gracey answered.

By half past nine, Stone and Gracey were walking back into the library.  Stone was almost running trying to keep up.  Gracey walked straight to Mrs. Grady and announced they would need the private viewing room again.  “And I need everything you can find on my father’s arrest and trial, especially photographs.  Do you have any contacts at the Lone Hill Journal?  I need photos of the people in the courtroom,” Gracey told Mrs. Grady, taking charge.
Stone stood silent, eyes wide open and smiling.  Mrs. Grady glanced at Stone for his approval, and Stone told her, “Like the lady said,” and beamed smugly.  Just days ago, Gracey was frightened and meek, and now she was a force to be reckoned with.
Mrs. Grady gave Gracey the key to the room and told her, she would be up in a few minutes.  Gracey took the key and was in the room and on the computer in a matter of moments.  Stone was running again to keep up.  The trial had lasted a few weeks, but there were few photos of the spectators.  Mrs. Grady walked in a few minutes later with a folder.  Inside were some photos of the trial and the name and telephone number of a local reporter.
Gracey and Stone looked at the photos, but there were none of the court galleries.  Stone called the number Mrs. Grady had given them.  After a brief introduction, knowing his name carried more clout, Stone set up an appointment for later in the afternoon.
Gracey had Stone drive her to the boarding house to change.  Gracey knew the reputation of the reporter, Trent Kennedy.  He liked the ladies and especially the pretty ones.  Gracey would need something a little flirtier than a tight pair of jeans.
After preparing a light lunch of salad and tea, Gracey changed into a dress.  As she descended the stairs, Stone noticed Gracey wearing the peach dress she had worn only a few days before to visit her father.  Gracey shrugged as she caught his glance.  “You look beautiful,” Stone told her.  “Mr. Kennedy doesn't stand a chance.”
Trent Kennedy had been a reporter in Lone Hill for almost twenty years.  He was balding prematurely and had a bit of a potbelly.  Kennedy had been fairly handsome in his youth and popular with the ladies.  But despite getting older and less attractive, he still looked upon himself as a catch.  Stone know this ruse would have to be reversed.  He would need to be a silent participant.  Gracey would have to run the show.
Stone and Gracey entered Trent’s office, and after the Southern pleasantries, Gracey asked about the photos they were searching for.  “We are trying to find photos of people in the courtroom the day my daddy was convicted,” Gracey told Trent.  Stone stood out of the limelight, to ensure Gracey could work her magic on Trent.
“Of course, little lady, anything for you,” Trent said with a leer.
Creepy, Gracey thought.  But if it works I can always take a shower later.
”Sorry about my filing system, I will find the disc in a moment.  It was 2006, right?”
“Yes sir, Mr. Kennedy, November 2006,” Gracey added.
“Darlin', call me Trent.”
Make that a long shower.
“I am not sure I have many shots from inside the courtroom.  They normally don’t like us to take photos while court is in session.”
Gracey hung her head in sadness.  “I am looking for two men,” Gracey explained, “two men with dark, sinister-looking eyes.”
Trent found the disc and was scanning through the photos.  “I remember two men leaving the courtroom with dark eyes.  I remember the photo now.  I think I have the one you want.”
Gracey smiled sweetly.
“I remember it because when they left the courtroom with the crowd, they were smiling.  I remember wondering why and took their picture.  Both had scary dark eyes, but when I was reviewing the proofs later, their eyes were yellow-green almost glowing, I thought it was just the flash.”
Gracey looked back at Stone.  I know these are the two men we are looking for.
Trent found the photo and printed a copy for Gracey.  “Is there anything else I can help you with, sweetie?” Trent asked, with a wink and gazed at Gracey too long.
I think I am going to need another bottle of bath gel and an endless supply of hot water.
“No, Mr. Kennedy, I mean Trent.  Well, maybe, I am looking for photos of a crime scene from 1987.  Do you anyone who may be able to help me?”
“1987, sorry.  That was before my time,” Trent replied.  “Wait, we have archives, but it would take too long to search.  Plus, there's no need for a pretty young thing like you to have to search through dusty old boxes and mess up that pretty dress of yours.  But I know a guy in the evidence room at the police station who may help.  Let me get you the name.”  Trent wrote down the name, and Gracey thanked him.
Stone took Gracey by the hand and led her out of the office.  Once outside, Gracey shuddered as if she was trying to shake the dirt off of herself.  “I need a long hot shower, and I am burning this dress.  I don’t think I could ever wear it again and not be creeped out.”
“One hot shower and a new dress coming up,” Stone replied.  “I think I am going to need a shower myself.  But we got what we needed.  Sorry, you had to endure that.  Let’s stop by Merriman’s and get you a new dress, maybe two,” Stone announced.  
“Stone, you cannot just keep buying me clothes,” Gracey declared.
“Just another expense,” Stone replied and grinned.
“Does it have to be Merriman’s?” Gracey inquired.  “There are other stores we can shop at.  Stores that are less expensive and I won’t have to feel so guilty.”
“But I have already set up an account for you at Merriman’s.”
“You’ve what?”
“Gracey if you need something, just let me know.  Do not feel guilty.  If you need a new dress, see Alfred, and he will help you.  I like buying things for you.  I like seeing you smile.  You are a beautiful woman who deserves beautiful things.  Do not ever feel guilty.  If I can give you a few minutes of happiness to make up for all the pain you are going through right now, then it is what I am going to do.” 
“Well, I did see a couple of dresses that caught my eye the last time I was there,” Gracey replied halfhearted, knowing she would not win the argument.  Nor could she afford the clothing she would need to complete the investigation.
“Good.  Now sit back and enjoy the journey.”  And with a happy grin, Stone winked.
Soon Stone and Gracey were at Merriman’s.  Gracey picked out a couple new summer dresses; a pale blue dress with ruffles down the bodice and a mint green one with an empire waist.  Stone picked out a new pair of jeans and some summer weight linen shirts for himself.
Amelia followed Gracey assisting her, selecting accessories for each dress.  “I see you like large purses,” Amelia commented.  “I have the perfect tote to go with these summer dresses.  Let me get one for you.”
Gracey went to the counter with her selections.  Both Alfred and Stone nodded in approval.  “These will look beautiful on you,” Alfred told her.  Gracey blushed and took a few steps back.
“Where are you going, Gracey?” Stone asked, refraining from laughing.  “It’s your turn to pay.”
Gracey stood there with her eyes wide open.  “Pay?  I…I...”
Stone could not stifle his laugh any longer.  “Gracey, I have set up an account for you.  Now get up here and put these things on your account.”  And then he winked at Alfred.
Gracey had only once thrown something at Stone, and it was a napkin during the flight back from Africa.  And she was ready to throw something again.  But looking around she could not find anything that would not leave a mark.  So will all the humility and composure she could muster, Gracey walked to the counter, checked out the items and told Mr. Merriman, “Put it on my account.”  Then she turned a walked away almost stomping her feet to let Stone know she was miffed.
“Send me a bill,” Stone added while holding onto the counter.  He was laughing so hard, he could barely stand.
“So what time do you want to get started tomorrow?” Stone asked Gracey when they reached the boarding house.
“Let’s meet for breakfast.  Then I will call the guy who works the evidence room and learn what time he works.  I would do it now but...”  Gracey noticed the Cheshire grin still on Stone’s face from his stunt at the boutique.  “Stone that was not funny,” Gracey told him, still tight-lipped.  
But all Stone could do was laugh again.  Then he reached over and kissed her lightly on the cheek and meekly whispered, “I am sorry.”
After helping Gracey inside with her purchases, Stone left for the evening.

The next morning, Stone arrived for breakfast, coffee, and toast.  Gracey was wearing the mint green dress.  It was obvious from the look in Stone’s eyes green was his favorite color.  Hoping her feminine charm would work two days in a row, Gracey called the officer who worked the evidence room.  She was pleased to find he was working the day shift.  Gracey explained she was searching for an item that may be in one of the boxes from an old crime and asked if she could stop by and check.  Of course, the officer agreed.
Not wanting to look too eager, they waited about an hour, and Stone drove Gracey to the Lone Hill Police Station.  Gracey asked for Officer Leon Paris and was given directions to the evidence room.  Originally, Gracey was going to go alone, but they decided Stone would accompany her in case she needed to distract the officer while Stone grabbed the photos.
Gracey approached the fenced-in area first.  She introduced herself and advised Officer Paris she was hoping to find the necklace her mother was wearing the night she was attacked in 1987.  Gracey told Leon her father had told her the necklace was an heirloom from her grandmother, but she had not seen it since the night of the attack.  When Gracey told him how she so wanted to wear it on her wedding day, Leon could not deny her request.  And in she went.  Remembering the words Trent Kennedy had said the day before, “Leon, it would be a shame for me to get my brand new dress all dusty, can my fiancée help me look?”
“You know I could get in trouble for this,” Leon told Gracey nervously.
“We will just be a minute,” Gracey replied, so sweet and innocently.
“Oh, okay.  But don’t take long.”
Leon led Gracey and Stone to the box from 1987, took it off the shelf and put in on the table.  As Gracey was searching for the imaginary necklace, Stone noticed another box from the night Mayra was killed.  Stone got Gracey's attention, and she knew just what to do.  Pulling the photos and other items from the 1987 attack out of the box and pretending to search for the non-existent necklace, Gracey intentionally knocked the box over.  Of course, she was soon covered with dust.  “Oh no,” she pouted.  “Now my new dress is all dirty.  Do you have a tissue I can clean up with?”  As Gracey spoke, she guided Leon away from the table.
Stone quickly opened the box from 2006 and took the photos out.  Then he eased to the table and took some photos from the 1987 attack.  As Leon and Gracey were returning Stone pretended to be reloading the first box, and without Leon noticing, he slid a necklace out of his pocket, held it out and exclaimed, “I found it.”
Gracey called out in jubilation.  “Oh honey, how wonderful,” and hugged Stone around his neck.  “We better hurry.  We’ll be late for our appointment with the caterer if we don’t go now.”  Gracey and Stone left quickly nearly running.
“I am never playing poker with you again!” Stone declared.  “You have gotten too adept at this.”
“But where did the necklace come from?” Gracey questioned.
“I picked it up at Merriman’s yesterday.  It is just a piece of costume jewelry but pretty enough to trick Leon.”  And then Stone put it around her neck.  It was an elongated oval shaped locket, silver-colored, intricately woven and old-fashioned on a silver colored chain.
From the police station, Stone and Gracey went to Stone’s home office.  It was quiet and private.  And the privacy was paramount while they examined the photos.  Upon arrival, Stone put them on the table, face down.  They both stared at the stack, no one moving, no one speaking, no one picking them up.  “Do you want me to look at them first?” Stone asked.  “Looking for your mother’s killer is one thing, but these photos…we don’t know how gruesome they might be.”
“I cannot do it,” Gracey sobbed and walked away.  Stone did not follow.  He needed to look at the photos while he still had the courage.  He looked out the window, and when he saw Gracey walking through the flower gardens, he picked up the first stack.
These were the photos from 1987.  Stone was looking not just for photos of Mayra but photos of the crowd.  Stone had seen at least one photo with his mother in it, and maybe there were more.  Stone found the photos of Mayra.  Her clothes were in shreds.  There were long deep gashes across her torso.  Another photo showed the bruises on her inner thighs.  Omigod, she was raped.  Gracey cannot see this.  He put the photo into the paper shredder while fighting his gag reflex.  He continued to look the photos and found one with his mother in it.  As he looked closer, Stone noticed she was conversing with Dr. Robertson, and she was on one side of the yellow police tape and Dr. Robertson on the other; on the inside.  Was Dr. Robertson the doctor of record for the attack?
Then Stone looked at the photos from 2006.  Mayra’s body was totally mutilated, torn to pieces, pieces of flesh and muscle throughout the room mixed with cloth from her clothing and the bed linens.  The room was destroyed.  He then looked at the photos that were taken outside of the house.  He saw them again; the men with the sinister eyes.
Stone sorted the photos into stacks, those to show to Gracey and those he would spare her from seeing.  As he finished, Gracey came back in.
“Tell me what you found,” Gracey asked fearfully.
“Your mother was badly beaten in 1987.  Based on the photos, I am amazed she survived.  I can understand why she suffered from PTSD.  I understand why she never left the house,” Stone told her.
“Show me.”
Stone pulled out a photo showing the deep cuts across Mayra’s torso.  Gracey screamed in horror.  The gashes reminded her of the ones she saw in Africa on the antelope.  Gracey jumped up and started running down the hall.  Stone raced after her and into the bathroom.  Stone held Gracey's hair while she vomited.
After brushing her teeth, Gracey and Stone returned to the main portion of the office.
“Tell me what you found and you can write on the boards,” Gracey suggested while trying to find her equanimity.
“Dr. Robertson was at both crime scenes.
“Your mother’s body was mutilated both times.  And her clothes shredded.
“And the men with the sinister eyes were in the crowd the night your mother was killed.”
“We have to find these men,” Gracey declared.  “They were there the night my mother was killed, and at the bar the night my father allegedly killed that man, and in the courtroom the day my father was convicted.  I am certain they killed my mother and the man at Paddy's Pub.  Daddy kept saying he was set up.  They wanted him out of the way.  But why?  Why?  If we can find them and the truth, maybe we can get my father out of prison.”
Gracey broke down, crying hysterically.  Stone held her, stroking her back trying to calm her.  But he knew Gracey needed to cry it out.  Stone swept her up in his arms and carried her to the sleeping quarters and laid her on the bed and held her until she cried herself to sleep.  Stone did not tell her the men with the sinister eyes were in the nightclub the night of their birthday.  He was afraid Gracey would never leave her house again.  Stone did not want Gracey to live the same life her mother had.
It was almost evening when Gracey woke up.  Stone was sitting in an overstuffed chair watching over her.  Knowing she was not alright, he asked instead if she was hungry.  “Why don’t you wash up?  And then we will eat.  I hope you like Chinese.”
Gracey loved Chinese food but did not eat it often.  Both Ms. Maple and Gracey were frugal, and besides, Ms. Maple was the best cook in the county.  When Stone and Gracey entered the smaller conference area, Gracey noticed the white boards were gone as were the photos.  The table had been set up for dinner to include a table cloth, candles and, of course, a vase of lavender roses and with one yellow one.
Dinner quickly turned into an evening of fun and laughter.  Stone tried, again and again, to teach Gracey how to eat with chopsticks.  But both were certain more food ended up on the floor than into Gracey’s mouth.  At the end of the meal, they each picked up a fortune cookie.  Gracey broke hers open, and the fortune read, ‘Your journey continues, it will be a happy one.'


Chapter 8 - St. Louis

“Tomorrow is do whatever Gracey wants to do day,” Stone announced.  He knew Gracey needed a break from the investigation, and truth be told, so did he.  “It’s time for another first.  What do you want to do?”
Gracey thought for a few minutes.  The list of what I have not done before was long.  “How about going to an art museum?  I have never been to one,” Gracey said almost embarrassed.
“Well, which one do you want to go to?” Stone asked.  Gracey could not answer.
“I have a great idea,” Stone started.  “Have you ever been to St. Louis?”
“Now, Stone you know have I haven’t,” Gracey replied almost impatiently.
“Let’s go to St. Louis for the weekend.  They have a well renowned Art Museum, a Zoo, a botanical garden, excellent shopping and, of course, the Arch; plus tons of other stuff.  Of course, we cannot do them all, but we can pick a few and make a weekend of it.”
“Fly to St. Louis, just for the weekend?”
“No flying, my parents are using the jet this week.  It is only about half a day’s drive to St. Louis, and if we get an early start, we can be there by afternoon and spend it at the museum.  Let me call Charles and let him know to be ready first thing in the morning, and we can leave early.”
Stone paused before continuing.  “Now for the big question, do you sleep here or do we pick you up before the sun rises?”
“Sleep here?” Gracey asked while looking around the office.
“Not here Gracey, but in the main house,” Stone explained.  “We have plenty of rooms.  I can have one of the guest suites prepared for you, and I can call Ms. Maple to pack your bag.  I can have Charles pick it up tonight.”
“Another first, I guess.”
Stone phoned Charles and then Ms. Maple.  Stone and Gracey closed up the office and walked to the main house.  It had been five and a half years since she had been inside.  Even without the plethora of holiday decorations, the home was magnificent.  Gracey was still in awe of the enormous foyer and double staircase.  The home was fashioned after the old-money mansions of the late 19th-century and early 20th-century although being less than half a century old.  It was classic and elegant.
Stone led Gracey up to the guest suite.  It was beautifully decorated and furnished gracefully.  It was designed for a woman and stylishly romantic.  There was a large open sitting area with fireplace, bedroom, private bath and a closet bigger than Gracey’s room at Ms. Maple’s home.
Wouldn’t be wonderful to live here? Gracey thought silently.  Stone retrieved a pair of pajamas, robe and some slippers out of a drawer in the closet.  Gracey looked at him confused.  “We keep these here for friends who sometimes stay over unexpectedly.  Mom has the reputation of being a gracious host.  You will find a fully stock bathroom with all the necessary grooming products as well.
“I will show you around and have a bath drawn for you, and then you can relax before readying for bed.  Charles should be back with your bag before we retire for the night,” Stone added.
Stone showed Gracey the main areas of the house ending in the kitchen.  Gracey stood and marveled.  “Ms. Maple would love this,” Gracey blurted out.  “There’s even a cappuccino machine.”  Gracey was like a kid in a toy store looking at everything.  “Do you cook?”
“I can make microwave popcorn,” Stone answered.  
Gracey just looked at Stone and shook her head.  “Pathetic.”
Stone escorted Gracey back to the suite and into the bathroom.  A bath had been drawn in the soaking tub and filled with bubbles.  The lights were dimmed, and the lavender and vanilla candles created a peaceful ambiance.  “You cannot tell me your mother keeps lavender and vanilla candles for your guests,” Gracey said looking at Stone suspiciously.
“Okay, I am busted.  I bought those in hopes that someday…” Stone blushed and finished by saying, “Enjoy yourself,” and he quickly left.
Stone returned later when Gracey’s bags had been delivered.  He showed Gracey how to use the intercom system if she needed anything from the staff and showed her where his suite was.  Stone walked Gracey back to her suite and kissed her goodnight.  ”Sweet dreams.”

Gracey woke to the smell of French vanilla cappuccino.  A tray had been delivered with her morning dose of caffeine and toast and a single pink rose; a symbol of grace, elegance, and romance.  Gracey inhaled the scent.  This is how everyone should start their day.
Gracey discovered Ms. Maple had packed all the clothes from Merriman’s.  It would be a bit of a drive to St. Louis and hoped she would have time to change before going to the museum, so she picked something comfortable for traveling.  She was pleased to see Stone had dressed in jeans, as well.
Charles loaded the luggage into the BMW town car, and they were on their way.  They spent the morning talking about the places Stone had traveled, and the places Gracey hoped to visit someday.  They talked about art, and who they liked and why.  Time went by quickly, and Charles announced their entry into St. Louis as they crossed the Mississippi River and saw the Gateway Arch rising 630 feet into the skyline.
Charles drove to the best hotel in St. Louis, and they checked in.  After lunch, they changed and soon arrived at the art museum.  After parking the car, Gracey insisted Charles come along.   Stone nodded in agreement.  Charles removed his jacket and tie and then tussled his hair to look more casual.  Charles was ready to go.
Gracey could not imagine so much beauty in one place.  They walked from exhibition to exhibition, more amazed with each new gallery, each one unique.  They admired art from all over the world.  Gracey found herself moved by some of the paintings as if they were talking to her, speaking to her soul.  After strolling through the museum for four hours, they realized they could spend a week there and not have enough time to see every piece of art.
On the way out of the museum, Stone stopped at the gift shop and purchased a few souvenirs for Gracey’s scrapbook.
Stone and Gracey had dinner at the hotel’s four-star restaurant.  The dining room was famous having been highlighted in a movie in the mid 20th century and quite elegant.  Gracey took the opportunity to wear the blue dress she had just bought.  
It was another superb dinner.  Gracey was amazed again.  Every time she thought she could not taste something more delicious, she was wrong.   The Kobe beef was unlike any beef she had ever eaten, and the chocolate ganache cake was utterly decadent.
Stone and Gracey spent dinner discussing their favorite gallery and pieces of art at the museum.  Gracey favored the European Impressionists; Monet, Pissarro, Sisley, Van Gogh, and Gauguin.  Stone preferred the French Realists; Troyon, Rousseau, Daubigny, and Dupré.  Had Charles been dining with them, he would have argued for the American Impressionists.  Gracey did admit some of the American Impressionists were very good as well, but she preferred the classic paintings.
It had been a long day, so they retired to their suite after dinner.  Gracey and Stone cuddled together on the sofa in the sitting area almost falling asleep wrapped in each other’s arm.  Stone walked Gracey to her private room and kissed her goodnight.  “Sweet dreams, Gracey.”

Stone shook Gracey gently.  “It’s a gorgeous day Gracey, time to get up.”  Slow to wake, Stone waved a cup of coffee near Gracey's nose.  “Gracey, here’s your coffee.  The gardens are waiting,” he told her.
“I hope Ms. Maple packed some walking shoes,” Gracey groaned.  “My feet are still tired from yesterday.”
Stone, Gracey, and Charles arrived at the botanical gardens midmorning.  Looking at the brochure, Gracey sighed, “Seventy-nine acres!  There’s no way!”
Charles and Stone nearly had to hold each other up while laughing.
“What do you want to see?  Pick out a couple of interest points, and we will narrow it down,” Stone suggested.
Gracey was overwhelmed.  “Don’t worry Gracey, regardless of where we stroll, I promise you will see beauty beyond belief.  Oh, and, by the way, they have benches!” Stone smirked sarcastically.
Charles pulled a camera out of the bag he was carrying.  “I promised Ms. Maple photos,” Charles explained shrugging.  Gracey frowned forgetting to bring a camera.  “Don’t worry Gracey.  I will load them all on a thumb drive for you.  You just enjoy, and I will capture the day.”
Gracey could not believe her eyes.  She thought the meditation garden in Africa was beautiful, but this was astounding.  There was every type of garden known; rock gardens, water gardens, English gardens, and Japanese gardens.  They were surrounded by roses in every color imaginable, conservatories, greenhouses, a herb garden with over five hundred different types of herbs and so much more.  It was magnificent. Gracey had Charles take so many photos; she was wearing him out.
After four hours of walking, “Are you ready for a late lunch and a nap?” Stone asked.  Gracey was not finished looking at all the gardens, but she surrendered.  She was hungry, and a bit tired.  Charles sighed as if to say Thank you.
“I have tonight planned, so a nap is certainly in order.  We are going to the symphony,” Stone announced.
“The symphony, I don’t have a dress for the symphony,” Gracey exclaimed in dismay.
“I have taken care of everything.  I have spoken to the concierge.  There will be a gown for you, and a tuxedo for me delivered to the suite.”
“This is like a fairy tale.  Does the town car turn into a pumpkin at midnight?  I think Charles it too big to be a rat.”  Gracey laughed softly and smiled.  “If this is a dream, please don’t wake me up yet,” she added.  Stone beamed.

After lunch and a well-needed nap, Stone and Gracey relaxed for a while and viewed the photos Charles had taken, talking about their favorite gardens.
Then they prepared to go to the symphony.  After showering, Gracey opened the garment bag which was hanging in the closet.  Did Cinderella feel like this? Gracey wondered.  Inside was an understated yet elegant black gown with spaghetti straps and a sweetheart neckline.  It was modestly cut in the back and had a short train; just enough to trail behind in style.
Gracey was glad Ms. Maple had packed everything not knowing what Gracey would need.  She already had the shoes and clutch.  Gracey pinned up her hair, applied her makeup and slid into the dress.  This is a dream, she thought to herself while looking into the mirror.  She smiled in joyfully, and her eyes sparkled.
Gracey looked past herself and saw Stone admiring her.  Stone looked more handsome than ever.  Then she looked at the both reflections as one in the mirror, smiling at each other, smiling at one reflection.
Stone walked up behind Gracey, and like a scene out of a movie, he placed a diamond necklace with a pear-shaped diamond drop, around her neck.  Gracey’s first reaction was one of delight.  Then her expression turned to you did not buy this.  “It’s okay Gracey.  It is on loan.  It goes back to the store tomorrow.”
Stone and Gracey walked across the lobby of the hotel.  There was total silence, as the crowd watched them.  Separately they were stunning, together they were spectacular.  Gracey walked as if she was floating on a cloud, and Stone seemed to be in a trance.  The most beautiful woman in the world is with me.  I am the luckiest man alive.
Charles was waiting outside.  The BMW town car had been replaced by a limousine for the evening.  Stone had thought of everything.  “Does everything go as you plan?” Gracey inquired.
“I hope so,” Stone grinned.
Gracey and Stone's arrival at the symphony hall emulated their departure from the hotel.  There were many beautiful people in beautiful clothes, but none could compare to Stone and Gracey.  They collected their programs and were escorted to a private loge.  Gracey had occasionally listened to classical music growing up, but she would soon discover she had never truly heard classical music before.
The lights dimmed, the music started, and Gracey felt the music move through her body and envelope all her senses.  Goosebumps covered her arms, and she felt the spirit of the music enter her soul.  Gracey closed her eyes to listen to every note and vibration, and a tear ran down her cheek.  She knew she would never be the same.  The experience had changed her forever.
As Gracey approached the limousine after the performance, Charles asked her silently with the raise of his brow, Well?  The look on Gracey's face told him the answer.  The small town girl was transforming into a sophisticated woman.
It had been a magical night.  Gracey genuinely felt like a princess sans the fairy godmother.  But Gracey did not need a fairy godmother; she had Stone.  He was making dreams she did not even know she had come true.

Stone and Gracey slept in Sunday morning having decided the night before to forego any additional sightseeing.  It had been a full weekend.  After brunch, they prepared for the trip home.
They spent the trip talking about their weekend and then about the coming week.
"How are we going to get those documents from Molly’s house?" Stone asked.  Stone and Gracey came up with several schemes but could not decide.
“Molly practically raised me,” Gracey told him.  “I hate having to deceive her like this.  There has to be a better way.”
“We will figure it out tomorrow.  Let’s just enjoy the ride home,” Stone decided.
Gracey leaned into him, and they spent the remainder of the trip just enjoying being together.  Stone and Gracey could spend hours, not talking; just enjoying each other’s company.
Before Gracey and Stone knew it, they were entering Lone Hill.  Nearing the boarding house, Stone turned to Gracey and asked, “Are you enjoying the journey?”
Gracey just smiled and kissed him on the cheek.  “Thank you,” she told Stone.  “I will never forget it.”
Charles parked the town car in front of Ms. Maple’s house, and Gracey felt herself drifting back to reality.  Charles opened the door to let Stone and Gracey out and unloaded Gracey’s bags.  Charles was walking to the door while Gracey and Stone stood on the sidewalk talking and saying goodnight.
Suddenly, Elmer charged out of the house.  “Get Gracey out of here!” Elmer yelled.  “Go, now!  They are back to get her!  Take Gracey to Emerald Knoll, now!”
Without questioning Elmer as to what he meant, Charles marshaled Gracey and Stone back into the car.  As Charles looked around, he saw the threat; two men with dark, sinister eyes.  Elmer was on their heels.  Charles jumped into the car and sped to Emerald Knoll.
Stone and Gracey looked at each in total confusion.  Simultaneously they asked, “What is going on?”  Of course, Charles was just as clueless as they were.
Within minutes, they were at Emerald Knoll.  Charles pulled them out of the car and hurried them into the house and the great room.  Stone’s mother was already there.  Jim was coming in the side door and announced, “All arrangements have been made.”
“It’s happening!” Abby declared and sank onto the couch filled with fright and despair.


Chapter 9 - The Family History

“What is happening?” Stone demanded.  “What is this all about?”
“They are coming for her!” Abby answered, looking at Gracey.
“Coming for Gracey?  Who is coming for Gracey?” Stone called out, alarmed pulling Gracey closer to him.
Stone’s father rushed into the room.  “Is it true?” Rudy asked with a look of horror on his face.
Abby still sitting and wringing her hands looked at Rudy in desolation.  “It’s my fault.  They followed me here.”
Stone and Gracey looked around the room, Jim and Stone's parents knew something, but no one was saying what.  “You have to tell us what is going on.  Why are they coming for Gracey?” Stone demanded.
“We should sit,” Rudy suggested.  Rudy glanced at Jim, who immediately excused himself.
Abby looked at Rudy and then to Stone and Gracey.  “This could take a while,” Abby stated and with a deep breath composed herself enough to begin.
“Gracey, what do you know about your family history?” Abby asked as a preface to the rest of the story.
“Not much.  I know my folks are from around here, but I have no aunts or uncles, and both of my grandparents are dead,” Gracey answered.  “My mother is dead, and with my father in prison, it is just me.”
“What do you know about our family history, Gracey?” Abby continued.
“Your family history?” Gracey asked.  “Why would I know anything about your family history?” She was completely bewildered and by the look on Stone’s face, so was he.
Then Gracey and Stone called out, almost at the same time, “The Henrikson Family Tree!”
“What Henrikson Family Tree?” Rudy called out in panic.
Gracey looked at Stone and answered.  “We were at Molly’s last week.  And when we were looking for some photos she kept in a box, I saw a folded piece of paper with the words Henrikson Family Tree written on it.”
“Did you look at it?” Rudy asked.
“No, at the time I did not recognize the name, so I ignored it,” Gracey replied.  Then Gracey looked at Abby.  “That is your family, right?  Stone told me you changed your name.”
“Stone?” Abby asked, looking at her son.
“We were at the library, and I saw a book in Gracey’s bag.  It was one of yours.  It is the one with the emerald green eyes on it.  I told her you had written it, and you had changed your name.”
“Where did you get the book, Gracey?” Abby inquired suspiciously.
“From Molly.”
“What has Molly told you about our family?” Abby asked nervously, afraid of what Gracey’s response would be.
“Nothing, she never talked about you or your family,” Gracey answered.
Rudy stood and closed the great room doors and returned to his chair.  “We have a lot to talk about,” he told the group.  “I am not sure how much and or even if you will believe us but know what we are about to say is real.”
Abby then asked Gracey, “Have you read the entire book?”
Gracey shook her head to imply no.
“The book is the story of my childhood.  I grew up out west with my pack,” Abby advised.
“With your pack?” Gracey queried.
Stone called out, “Whoa, are you telling me you are a werewolf?  A Lycan?”
If this conversation had been happening under happier circumstances, Abby might have laughed, but with the impending danger, she did not.  “No sweetie, we are wolves.  There is a difference.”
Stone looked at his father, “You too?”
“No son, I have never been turned,” Rudy answered.  “But we can talk about that later.  Right now, we need talk about why Gracey is in danger.”
Abby moved closer to Gracey and took her hands.  “What do you know about the night your mother was attacked before you were born?”
“Only what my father told me when I visited last weekend, but I don’t think he told me everything.  He was holding something back.  As if he was trying to protect me,” Gracey told Abby.  “Stone and I got some photos from the police department.” Gracey left out how they had procured them.  “Stone showed me a few of them, but they were…”  Gracey could feel herself becoming nauseated again and started to shake uncontrollably.
“Gracey, I was trying to protect you as well,” Stone told Gracey.  “I didn’t show you the worse ones.  Your mother was raped.”
Gracey nearly fainted.  “Breathe, Gracey, breathe,” Stone called out in a panic.  “I am so sorry!”
“Gracey, darling, I wish we could finish this story later but now you are in danger, and you need to know why,” Abby told her.
“You know who raped my mother?” Gracey asked.  
“Yes,” Abby told Gracey and took any deep breath to steady herself for the rest of the answer.  “He is my cousin.”
“Omigod, are you telling me we are related?” Gracey called out as she and Stone released their hands and almost jumped away from each other.  “We are cousins?” Gracey asked Abby.  “Are you saying I am a wolf, too?”
“One thing at a time,” Abby told Gracey trying to comfort her.  “Yes, we are related.  But your father…your wolf father Rafer is my cousin two times removed.  His grandfather is my great-great-grandfather.  It would make you and Stone second cousins; two times removed or something like that.  There are too many generations to count or to matter.  In packs, almost everyone is related in some way.”
“But we are cousins!” Gracey repeated, looking at Stone.
Abby held back a laugh. “Sweetie, we are in Tennessee, there is a fair chance my Rudy is related to your momma way back.  Now, take Stone’s hand.  All of us being related has no bearing on your relationship.”  Then Abby became serious again.
“Now, yes, you are a wolf too.  Actually both you and Stone are.  You both carry the wolf gene, but Gracey, your mother and I have taken every effort to keep both of you from knowing and from turning.  You know the shots you take every month?  Ever notice they are on the first day of the full moon?  It stops the change.  It keeps the gene dormant.  Males usually change when they hit puberty, around their thirteenth birthday.  Females wait until they are old enough to breed; when they start their monthly cycle.  That is when you both starting getting your shots.”
“Okay, so we are both wolves!  But that does not explain why Gracey is in danger?” Stone demanded more concerned with Gracey's safety than the fact he might be a wolf.
“Probably one of a couple of reasons; the first reason goes back to that night in 1987.  Rafer’s pack did not have many females, natural born females at least.  Every birth was resulting in males.  Regardless if the pack mated with human females or females they had turned, only males were born.  Rafer needed a female born with the wolf gene.  The gene pool was saturated, and inbreeding was resulting in infighting.  Rafer needed a female progeny.  Rafer and the three of us are the only four naturally born Henriksons left.  His male wolf line has died out,” Abby explained.
“But Rafer didn’t want the responsibility of raising another child.  His pack had been nomadic for a while, and children just slowed them down.  So, when Rafer encountered your mother, he…well you now know what happened,” Abby finished.
“But why is he coming after me now?” Gracey asked, still confused.
“Actually, he has tried before, but Rudy and I put protection in place for your once you turned eighteen and of age for mating.  We had to.  They had already killed your mother.  And then they set your father up to get him out of the way,” Abby continued.
“You knew my father was innocent?” Gracey screamed out in anger.  “And you did nothing!”
“Gracey, I know you are upset, but please let us explain.  Once you hear the entire story, you will understand.  You may not forgive us, but you will understand,” Rudy said with reservation.
“Rudy made sure you had a job, and you were put in Jim’s department so Jim could watch over you while at work,” Abby added.
“Jim is a wolf?” Gracey asked as she felt herself fall further and further down the rabbit hole.
“And we had Elmer move into Ms. Maple’s to protect you at night,” Abby continued.
“Elmer is a wolf?” Gracey asked, on the verge of collapsing.  She fought the urge to pinch herself to ensure she was really awake.
“Gracey, do we need to stop?” Rudy asked Gracey, seeing her in total distress.  “Maybe a bite to eat would be in order.  We can take a break and reconvene.”
“Mr. Rudolph, I could not eat right now even if I wanted to.  And if I did, I do not think it would stay down long.  We continue.  Seems you have been secretly running my life and I need to know why,” Gracey demanded.
Stone almost smiled at Gracey's resolution.  He put his arm around her and pulled her closer.  He inhaled Gracey’s scent and found it intoxicating; no longer a hint of spice.  Gracey's anger had intensified her scent.
“Why now?” Gracey asked again.
“Your twenty-fourth birthday was less than two weeks ago.  If you do not turn before your twenty-fifth birthday, you will not turn naturally.  Plus, I guess Rafer is hoping to mate you with a member of his pack; probably his Beta.  And the bloodline will be stronger if you turn naturally.  And then he can grow the Henrikson line.”
“Mate her?  Now, wait a minute!  What are you saying?” Stone called out.
“We will not let it happen.  We will protect Gracey,” Rudy declared.  “She is family, in more ways than one, I suspect.”
“I have so many questions; I do not know where to start,” Gracey said confusedly.
“We can explain everything Gracey, no more secrets,” Rudy affirmed.  Silence fell over the room as they heard someone knocking on the door to the great room.  Elmer and Charles had arrived with Gracey’s bags and other belongings and with Ms. Maple in tow.  Jim was standing behind them.
Rudy instructed Charles to take Gracey’s belongings to the guest suite.  Elmer was to escort Ms. Maple to the rooms in the basement until dinner.  Elmer had his Army duffle bag slung over his shoulder.  Jim was carrying his luggage, as well.  It was evident everyone was moving into the mansion.
“Gracey, this is hard on all of us.  I can see my Abby needs a break.  Let’s have dinner, and we will continue the discussion,” Rudy decided.  “Stone, please escort Gracey upstairs.  Dinner is casual tonight.”
Stone led Gracey out of the room and up the stairs to the suite she had stayed in just a few days before.  It was a comfort to Gracey she was not staying in a new room.  The staff was already unpacking her things and trying to make the room Gracey’s.  No one knew how long Gracey would be staying.
Noticing the lack of privacy, Stone took Gracey by the hand and led her to his suite.  Gracey had not been inside his suite before.  The suite was similar to hers but bigger and more masculine.  The furnishings were manly and appropriately sized for a man of Stone’s stature.  Stone was over six foot tall and with a muscular build.  The color scheme confirmed his fondness for the color green, specifically emerald green.  His scent permeated the room, sweet and musky.  The smell made Gracey feel safe, at least for the moment.
Gracey moved to one of the picture windows and looked out.  She looked towards the path towards their favorite spot by the creek and silently wished they were there lying on a blanket, without a care in the world.  Stone walked up behind her and wrapped his arms her waist.  Leaning in to take in her scent, he whispered into her ear, “This journey has a happy ending.”
Gracey was overcome with emotion; fear of her biological father and the comfort in Stone's words.  Everything she had just learned was surreal.  Fighting the urge to cry, Gracey asked Stone, “Do you always get your way?”
With no hesitation and complete resolve, Stone answered, “Yes.”  And then he kissed her softly on the neck.
Walking back to her suite, Gracey asked, “What did your father mean by dinner is casual?”
“With all of the traveling due to company business, we don’t always get to eat dinner together.  Dad is out of town more than usual lately, and Mom often accompanies him.  So when all three of us are here, we make it memorable and dress for dinner and make it a celebration.  But I guess we will have guests for dinner, and Dad would never put on airs or make anyone feel uncomfortable.”
Stone and Gracey freshened up and joined everyone in the formal dining room.  At the table were Abby and Rudy, along with Jim, Elmer, and Ms. Maple.  Gracey and Stone sat at the empty place settings, next to each other.  While everyone was dressed casually for dinner, the table was still formally set.  The china, crystal, and silver were impressive.  “We will serve ourselves tonight,” Abby announced and motioned to the side-hutch.
In turn, everyone served themselves and returned to their assigned seats.  Everyone sat in silence, barely eating, mostly pushing food around the plate.  Finally, Rudy broke the silence, “Gracey, we are all here to answer any of your questions. Ms. Maple needs to hear the story too.  She is too involved and is equally in danger.  No more secrets.”
“Mr. Rudolph,” Gracey started and paused trying to determine what to ask first.
“Rudy, call me Rudy.  Now is not the time for being formal plus technically you are family,” he insisted.
“May I be blunt?” Gracey inquired.
“Yes,” Rudy answered.
“I am not happy.  Everyone has lied to me and apparently to Stone, as well.  But now I have to trust you.  So, I am going to ask a lot of questions, and no one better lie to me!”
Stone looked around the table and declared, “That’s my girl.”
Shocked by Gracey’s tenacity, everyone agreed in unison, no more lies.
“Of course, I have a ton of questions about my father.  And when I say my father, I am not talking about Rafer.  But that can wait.  I assume Elmer and Jim are here because they were in on all the deception.”  Gracey was not holding back.  She was letting them know she did not appreciate being lied to.  No excuses were offered.  Everyone, except Ms. Maple, was guilty of the ruse, and their faces confirmed it.
“Jim, let’s start with you.  What is your story?” Gracey demanded.
Jim took a deep breath and looked at Abby as if asking for advice.  “From the beginning, Jim,” Abby told Jim.
Jim took another deep breath and started.  “I was born human.  Rafer is my sire.”
“Your sire?” Gracey replied, asking for clarification.
“Rafe, Rafer turned me almost forty years ago when I was about twenty-two years old.”
“But you look about forty-five, not sixty-something,” Gracey interrupted.
Abby interjected, “I will fill you in on the wolf lore later.  Continue, Jim.”
“I lived with the pack out west.  It was a hard life; there was so much fighting for power amongst the wolves.  Rafe was the oldest and claimed his place in the pack as Alpha.  After being turned, I stayed with him not knowing I could live human.  I knew about Mrs. Rudolph as Rafe had told us all about his famous cousin, the author.”  Jim paused for another deep breath.
“We were traveling through Tennessee posing as a biker gang.  Rafe had wanted to visit his cousin, Abigail, I mean Mrs. Rudolph, and try to convince her to come back to the pack.  Rafe needed Mrs. Rudolph for her money.  Of course, Mrs. Rudolph would not have even considered it, being married to Mr. Rudolph and having a young son.  Rafe had sent me ahead to request an appointment with Mrs. Rudolph.  But then I saw how happy she was.  I saw it was possible to live as a human.”  Jim stopped to smile at the Rudolphs in admiration and then continued.
“Before I had a chance to decide whether to fulfill Rafe’s request or abandon the pack, Rafe attacked your mother.  It instantly resolved my dilemma.  I abandoned the pack.  I tracked down the other two men who were involved in the attack and killed them.  But I could not kill Rafe without the pack’s retribution.  The Rudolphs gave me refuge and a job.  I still turn each month, but I have learned to assimilate myself back into society.  When you came to work at Rudolph, Inc., it was a natural decision for me to look after you.  I could protect you.”
“You killed the two men found in the woods after my mother’s attack?”
“Yes,” Jim replied with remorse.
Gracey turned to Elmer, “Elmer, what is your story?” Gracey inquired.
“Jim is my sire,” Elmer began.  Gracey looked at Jim in shock.
“It was an accident.  I am sorry Elmer,” Jim stated.
Elmer continued.  “No need to be sorry Jim.  Like you said it was an accident.  Technically, you saved my life.”  Elmer turned to Gracey.  “Jim and I were in the Army together. We were best friends; battle buddies.  During a tour in the Middle East, our convoy drove over an IED.  Everyone, but Jim and I, was killed instantly.  While wolves heal quickly, Jim was still bleeding and so was I.  Jim was holding me while I lay on the ground dying from my injuries.  Apparently, some of his blood dripped onto my wounds, and while we waiting for help to arrive or for me to die, I started healing.  It was the wolf blood.  So technically, Jim saved my life.
“Jim taught me how to live wolf and human.  Jim got me the security job at Rudolph, Inc.  When Mr. Rudolph approached me to move into Ms. Maple and told me your story, I could not refuse.  It was easy to get you to move in after having to sell your family home.  I told Molly about the room, and she told you.  And the rest is history.  I am sorry I kept this from you.”
Gracey looked at Ms. Maple, who was in shock hearing the stories.  “So he was our personal security guard,” Gracey mused sardonically.
“Gracey, we had hoped this day would never come.  We had hoped Rafer would die or be killed, with all the pack infighting.  We were hoping once you turned twenty-five, and the wolf gene died, this would be a mute point,” Abby explained.
“Mrs. Rudolph, what about Stone?  He is twenty-eight.  Has his wolf gene died?” Gracey asked.
“Please, call me Abby, we are family.  And no, it has not died yet.  It will die during the first full moon after his thirtieth birthday if he has not turned yet.  Wolf physiology for males and females are different.  We have a lot to teach both of you.”
“This is wearing me out,” Gracey exclaimed.  “But I need to ask about my father; my daddy.  If he is innocent why is he in prison?” Gracey demanded.
“It was for his protection,” Rudy explained.
“He is in prison for his protection? My daddy is an innocent man in prison with immoral people.  With people who have actually murdered people.  How could this be for his protection?” Gracey screamed out in horror and disbelief.
Rudy continued, “Your father was set up by Rafer’s men to get him out of the way so you could be claimed by Rafer.  John knew about Rafer, and he knew he could not protect you and himself and still lead a semi-normal life.  So when John was arrested for murder, I went and talked to him.  We agreed we could protect you with the help of Jim and Elmer.  Then when you turned twenty-five years old and no longer in danger, we would get John released.  Your father agreed to this; it was his choice.  I am friends with the warden.  No one can get close to your father.  A wolf would never enter the prison, any prison.  There is no safer place for your father than where he is.”
“All this is too much for me to wrap my head around.  I need a hot bath and some sleep,” Gracey announced and pushed her chair back to leave.  She had not eaten a solitary bite of food.
“I will call to have a bath drawn for you, but before you go, I just need to say again how sorry we are Gracey.  Everything we did, we did to protect you.  Maybe we should not have kept it all a secret, but we thought, why worry you if we did not have to.  We saw how the attack affected your mother, and we wanted you to have a full and happy life.  We didn’t want you to be a prisoner in your own home,” Rudy stated with intense remorse.
Gracey stood to leave.  While she did not like the answers, she understood and reluctantly said thank you.  “One more question,” Gracey insisted.  “Were Stone and me a set up as well?” Gracey asked, looking at Stone, who was surprised but needed to know also.
“This, my darling, was a coincidence, and a happy one at that.  We could not be more thrilled,” Abby replied with a compassionate smile, then walked over and hugged Gracey.  “Welcome to the family.”
Releasing Gracey from the hug, Abby turned to Stone.  “I have put some books in Gracey’s room for the two of you to read.  I wrote some of them, and some of them are by other wolf authors.  While partly fiction, most of the folklore is true.  You both need to read them.  We will talk later and separate fact from fiction.  Not everything about being a wolf is bad and nightmarish.  There are good wolves too.  You both need to know this.  Not all wolves are feral; it's not all sex and fighting.”
Rudy turned to Ms. Maple.  “Ms. Maple, we are truly sorry you were brought into this fight.  But staying at the boarding house is no longer safe.  We have rooms downstairs for the staff.  You will find the accommodations more than adequate.  We will protect you, as well.  I ask only one thing from you, Ms. Maple.  Only the people standing here know our secret, and I am asking you to keep a secret.  Can you do that?”
Ms. Maple nodded in agreement.  She was still speechless.  Deep down she was hoping to wake up and find she was in the middle of a bad dream.
Stone walked Gracey back to her suite.  A stack of books was on the table.  They both frowned.  “That is a lot of reading,” they agreed.
“Which half do you want?” Gracey asked, feigning a nervous laugh.
“I read a part of one of my mother’s books when I was about fifteen, but since it was a romance novel, I never finished it.  In the light of recent revelations, I may want to know more about my family.  Let's each take half of hers and then when we finish we can start on the remainder.  Since you bath is ready, why don’t you try to relax for a few minutes?  I will be back in a bit, to say goodnight.”
Gracey entered the bathroom.  A hot bath had been drawn complete with bubbles and scented candles.  Under other circumstances, the bubble bath would have been a retreat, like a day at the spa.  But it would take more than a day at the spa to undo the knotted muscles in her back and shoulders.  It would take a miracle.  And based on Gracey's life so far, she did not believe in miracles.  She was still trying to find credence in the science fiction saga unraveling before her eyes.
It had been a long and stressful day.  First the ride back from St. Louis, a thwarted kidnapping, and the news she was a wolf or at least the daughter of a wolf.  Feeling overwhelmed, Gracey stripped, allowed her clothes to fall to the floor and stepped into the soaking tub.  Laying back and immersing herself in the bubbles and steaming hot water, she tried to think of nothing.  The shock had abated, and the adrenaline had diminished, and her emotions took over.  Shaking, as if she was in a tub of ice water, she repeated over and over, I am not going to cry, I am not going to cry.  A crazy wolf is coming after me, and I have to be strong.  I have to fight.  I am not going to cry.  Yet, the tears never subsided.
Gracey dressed for bed, after drying herself and her tears.  She waited for Stone to return.  Entering the room, Stone saw the sheer emotional and physical exhaustion on her face.  He picked Gracey up from the chair and gently placed her on the bed and covered her.  Leaning over, he kissed Gracey on the forehead soothingly and told her, “Good night.”
As Stone turned to exit the room, he heard Gracey’s plea, “Sleep with me, Stone.”
Stone looked back in utter surprise.  This was a woman who just weeks before panicked on the plane about sleeping in the same room.
“Just lay here next to me and sleep with me.  I am really scared.”
Stone lay on the bed beside Gracey, staying on top of the blanket.  He held her and comforted her until Gracey finally fell asleep.  Afraid Gracey would have nightmares; Stone stayed beside her all night.
Stone arranged for their coffee and toast to be delivered to Gracey’s suite each morning so they could enjoy breakfast together, just the two of them.  Then they would spend the mornings walking around the property together.  However, whenever they went outside, Jim or Elmer accompanied them.
As they strolled through the gardens, they would talk about the gardens in St. Louis.   They discussed the additions they would make if the garden were theirs; a bench over here, a fountain there, maybe a garden statue, and, of course, more flowers.  The gardens at Emerald Knoll were not formal.  Stone and Gracey agreed they both liked the English Cottage style gardens, overgrown with lots of color and fragrance; a cutting garden; and roses, every rose imaginable.  Naturally, Stone preferred the lavender roses because of their scent, but for color, they both agreed they liked pink, yellow, peach and orange roses the best; and especially antique roses for their scent.
Gracey asked about the other buildings on the property, besides the home office and stable, there was a large garage with quarters above it where Charles lived.  The apartment was large enough for a family with children; having three bedrooms.  Also on the property, there was an old potting shed the gardener used for storage.  Gracey remembered the conservatory at the botanical garden and suggested a new shed, and maybe even a small greenhouse would be nice.
Each day around lunchtime, Gracey would visit Ms. Maple in the kitchen.  Ms. Maple had totally assimilated herself into the household staff and had even taught their cooks a thing or two about the proper use of fresh herbs.  While the Rudolph garden had a few herbs, Ms. Maple sent Elmer back to the boarding house for some of her varieties to be transplanted in the Rudolph garden.  And, of course, she gave him a list of her personal things she needed to feel at home; both in the kitchen and her new bedroom.
During the second morning, Ms. Maple took Gracey on a tour of the staff quarters.  Just as Rudy had stated, they are more than adequate.  Every member of the staff had their own bedroom and private bath.  The rooms were larger than Gracey’s room at the boarding house.  There was a fully functional kitchen for the staff to use, a common area with TV, sound system, gaming system, computer area and even a pool table and dart board.
There was an exit to the outside with an electronic lock.  Ms. Maple explained it was operated by swipe cards that the staff kept in their pockets.  But Mr. Rudolph had directed the staff, not to use the door until further notice unless it was an emergency.  They were to use the service door at the rear of the mansion and park there, as well.
Dinner was now casual as the family was spending more time together and not wanting to embarrass Gracey by her having to wear the same four or five dresses.  Of course, Stone had suggested a delivery from Merriman’s Boutique, knowing they could trust Alfred’s selections would be perfect, but, of course, Gracey declined.  Naturally, Abby would never suggest Gracey pick a dress out her massive collection.  Abby would never embarrass Gracey even though they wore the same size.
Gracey and Stone would spend the evening, after dinner with his parents, in Gracey’s room reading.  While Stone’s suite was bigger, Gracey's was more comfortable in more feminine surroundings.  They would prop up all the pillows on her bed and settle in for a night of educational reading.
Stone was intrigued with his mother’s story.  He now understood the hardships she had endured growing up and how crucial it was to her to live human.  Stone also understood the danger he and Gracey were in, especially Gracey if she was a single wolf.  Stone never spoke aloud about it, waiting for Gracey to broach the topics she was more concerned about first.  Then he would weave his concerns into the conversation.
“This says wolves hunt every month during the full moon,” Gracey stated. “Where would we hunt?”
“Well, Emerald Knoll is about a hundred squares miles,” Stone replied.
“What?” Gracey exclaimed.
“I know it sounds immense, but it is just about ten miles by ten miles.  There is a lot of the property I have never seen.  I have never gone beyond the creek, so I am not sure what is out there for hunting.  We could always buy some cows.  We do like our steaks rare,” Stone suggested and laughed.
“And it seems wolves age slower than humans.  I wonder how old your mother is.  She looks so young.  When is the last time she turned?” Gracey wondered aloud.
“I am not asking a lady her age,” Stone replied.  “That is a question you will have to ask her.”
“And clothes, what about clothes, some stories say the clothes shred off if you turn without removing them and some stories talk about them reappearing after returning to a human state.  Which is true?”
“Another question for my mother,” Stone replied.
“There is so much about mating and bonding.  And there’s nothing about marriage?”  Gracey advised.  “Call me old-fashioned, but I was raised to be a proper lady.  I could not mate or bond until I was married.  I am not sure I am ready for that,” Gracey continued.
Each night Gracey and Stone read and discuss the wolf lore until they fell asleep; together in Gracey’s bed with Gracey under the covers and Stone atop of them.  Each morning they awoke in each other’s arms.


Chapter 10 - What If?

Gracey woke up in Stone's arms once again.  It felt incredible.  As Stone started to awaken, he smiled.  His beautiful angel was lying next to him.
Stone leaned in to kiss Gracey.  “Good morning, my love.”
They had never done anything but kiss and hold hands before, and now they were in bed together, kissing passionately.  Gracey could feel herself wanting to go further.  The feeling was ecstatic.  Suddenly Gracey pulled away.  “I am scared,” she said.
“Of, course you are,” Stone replied.  “Gracey, I know I love you.  Do you want to spend the rest of your life with me?  Do you believe in forever?”
Gracey flashed back to their talk by the creek and what Stone had told her, ‘I would never have sex with anyone but my wife.  I believe in forever.'
Did Stone just propose?
“I need to talk to someone.  I am confused,” Gracey called out.
Gracey ran out of the room to find Ms. Maple.  Instead, she ran head-on into Abby outside of the great room.  “Honey, are you okay?” Abby asked.
“Yes, well maybe.  No, I scared.”
“Of course, you are; there are evil men after you.  Of course, you're scared,” Abby agreed.
“No, I am afraid of Stone,” Gracey exclaimed, wide-eyed.
“You are afraid of Stone?  Afraid he is going to hurt you?”
“No, not like that.  You know I have never had a boyfriend before.” Gracey blushed.  “And...I have never...”
“I know.”
“How do you know?” Gracey asked confused.
“I can smell it,” Abby replied.
“Smell it?”
“You read the books?” Abby inquired.
“Yes.  I forgot.  The pheromones,” Gracey remembered.
“Yes.  Sex is confusing enough being human.  Marriage can be confusing as well, but a relationship as a wolf, with another wolf, the mating, and the bonding just adds more to the uncertainty.”
“Marriage...Omigod,” Gracey thought out loud.
“Have you and Stone talked about marriage?” Abby asked.
“He just asked me if I believed in forever.”
Abby was confused.  Gracey briefly explained the conversation by the creek; omitting Stone's confession about being a virgin.
“Well, do you believe in forever?”  Abby asked.
“Yes.”
“With my son?  Do you love him?”
“Yes, with all my heart.”
As if on cue, Stone walked in with Rudy behind him.  Abby removed an heirloom ring from her right hand and handed it to Stone.  It was a beautiful emerald and diamond ring in 18-karat white gold.  "It was my grandmother's," Abby announced warmly.
Still, in their pajamas, Stone moved to Gracey, knelt on one knee and asked her to stay with him forever.
Gracey said yes.
After kisses and tears and hugs, Abby announced there were lots to do.  There was to be a human wedding and the decision to turn wolf.
“You know once a wolf mates it is forever?” Abby asked to verify Gracey and Stone understood.  “Wolves do not divorce.”
“Is the bonding true?" Stone asked.
“Only if both parties are wolves.  Your father and I have never bonded since I have never turned him.  But there are advantages.  By bonding, you will have a telepathic link to each other.  And with the link can help you to know if someone is in danger, or in pain, or even happy.  I have been told sex with a wolf you have bonded with takes it to a whole never level.  And once you are bonded, no other wolf can claim you; unless there is a challenge to the death.”
“Now we just have to decide what comes first,” Rudy posed.
The full moon was coming soon.  Forgoing the monthly shots would cause the turn.  Wedding before or after?  Mating before or after?
It was happening too quickly.  Gracey loved Stone with all her being, but a quickie wedding to stop her wolf father from claiming her seemed too easy and too convenient.  A wedding and mating would solve the problem but...
“Let's get showered and dressed.  I think a light breakfast and some caffeine will do us all good.  We will meet in the dining room and discuss our next steps,” Rudy suggested.  It was quite evident Rudy did not like to think on an empty stomach.
Gracey laughed at Rudy’s comment about a light breakfast.  Each morning the staff would prepare enough fruit, bagels, croissants, and the like to feed an army.
After dressing for breakfast, they met in the dining room.  Ms. Maple, Charles, Jim, and Elmer were in the kitchen with the staff having their breakfast.
“I have put in a call to Mr. Merriman to order some wedding dresses,” Stone whispered to his mother.  Abby laughed.  She had called, as well.
“We have twenty days to the next full moon.  So we don’t have much time before we have to make a decision,” Stone declared.
“Earlier you said another wolf could challenge a fight to the death for a mate, is that true?” Gracey asked Abby.
“Yes, if you are already mated. It rarely happens, but yes,” Abby replied.
“Rafer would not be able to make a challenge but another wolf could?” Gracey inquired.
“If Rafer has promised you to another wolf and that wolf decides to claim you, then yes there could be a threat,” Abby confirmed.
Abby turned to Rudy.  While Rudy was not a wolf, Abby was attuned to his heartbeat.  Rudy was angry and afraid as well as frustrated feeling helpless.
“Rudy, we have Jim and Elmer.  If Gracey and Stone turn and I stop taking the shots as well, there will be five of us,” Abby proclaimed.
“It will not be enough.  I have taken care of this family financially while you handled the wolf issues, but now it is time I stepped up and joined the fight.  You have to turn me, Abby,” Rudy insisted.
Abby was grief stricken.  While she desired a wolf relationship, the thought of turning her husband of thirty years, saddened her.  Abby had become to enjoy the human charade; her human life.
“We can talk to Charles first.  He has been with us for a few years and has been completely loyal.  If we explain everything, I believe he will be willing to turn.  We will have six,” Abby told Rudy.
“Seven.  This isn’t negotiable,” Rudy disputed.
“All of this because of me?” Gracey called out, almost in tears.
“Sweetie, you are our family.  Stone loves you, and we love you.  We have watched over you for years, hoping this would never happen; hoping Rafer would not come after you.  Even if you had not fallen in love with our son, we would have still fought for you.  We owe it to you.  Rafer came to Lone Hill because of me.  It is my obligation to make it right,” Abby stated firmly while filled with remorse.
“Let's finish breakfast and meet with Jim and Elmer and then with Charles,” Abby told the group knowing they needed to make some big decisions.
After breakfast, they called Jim and Elmer into the great room and talked about the possibility of another kidnapping attempt and Stone's proposal to Gracey.
“Jim, do you know how big the pack is?” Abby asked.
“No, I do not keep in contact with any of them.  Only the two keep showing up.  The same two Elmer ran off from the boarding house.  So maybe the pack is small,” Jim replied.
“We need to find out how many there are.  But first, please call Charles in,” Abby instructed.
Charles was over six foot five inches and a former football player and Secret Service Agent.  He was a local boy who went to college on a football scholarship.  In his fourth year, he broke his leg.  Finishing his degree in political science, he went on to work with the Secret Service.  Charles had excellent instincts and lightning fast reflexes.  His father had raced cars at the local dirt track, and Charles knew his way around cars both inside and out.  Rudy recognized Charles for his talents and hired him as his driver and personal bodyguard.
Charles entered the great room from the side door.  He had been in his apartment above the garage cleaning.
“Charles, we need to ask you a life-changing question.  We direly need your help.  Please hear us out,” Abby started with apprehension.
“Ms. Abigail, you need not ask; my answer is yes,” Charles replied without even hearing the question.
“But you don't know what we are going to ask,” Abby said impatiently.
“Ms. Abigail, I have read your books, and I have seen quite a bit from my apartment every full moon.  If this is to save Gracey and protect you and this family, then you do not have to ask.  My answer is yes.”  Everyone stood in shock.  He knew?
“I have just one question,” and Charles paused.  Everyone waited.
“Will I have a new father or a new mother?” Charles said with a grimace.
Everyone laughed.  Charles always had a great sense of humor.
“I had not thought of that.  But I am sure Rudy will not want me biting anyone, but him,” Abby grinned.
By this time everyone was laughing so hard, tears were streaming down their faces.
“To make it easier, I can have Dr. Robertson extract some blood from one of us and inject you with it; no biting.  Would that be better?” Abby suggested.
“Thank you, Ms. Abigail,” Charles replied and winked at Jim and Elmer.  Now, everyone was holding their sides in pain.  It was good to laugh.  It was a welcome reprieve from the gloom surrounding them.
Abby turned to Rudy and asked without warning, “Rudy, needle or teeth?”
“As long as you are doing the biting, darlin', I am going with teeth,” Rudy whispered with a lustful grin.  Abby blushed and then smiled.
Gracey turned to Charles, “I guess you will be my bodyguard.”  Stone looked at her quizzically.  “Private joke,” Gracey replied.  It was Charles' turn to blush.
The group agreed everyone would turn on the next full moon, less than three weeks away.  Abby would teach Gracey on how to be a female wolf, while Jim and Elmer would work with Stone, Rudy, and Charles.  Three wolves teaching four humans how to turn at the same time and keep them under control would be a daunting task.  Since Jim and Elmer could turn at will, they would take the three men out to show them how it was done.  Abby had been taking the shots for numerous years and was not sure if she would turn so easily.  If something went wrong, it could put her life and the life of the humans in danger.  She decided to wait until the full moon when the pull was strongest.
Gracey and Abby stepped away for a private conversation.  “Abby, you know I love Stone, and I want to marry him.”  Abby nodded.  “And I have to turn to protect myself.  I doubt Rafer will wait until just before my twenty-fifth birthday to claim me.  And even if he does, I need to learn to fight now.  But I feel as if I am being led down the aisle in a shotgun wedding,” Gracey told Abby, trying to manage a laugh.  “Can the wedding wait?”
“Sure it can wait but why?” Abby asked, confused.
“If Stone and I get married and something happens, something bad; I don’t want him having to spend the rest of his life alone.  I want him to have the option to marry again; to give you grandchildren.  If we mate, it is forever, even if one of us is dead.”
“Dead?” Abby said gravely as she sunk to the ground.  “Someone could die.  I guess I just did not want to admit it to myself.  I just kept telling myself; Rafer would show up and see our would-be pack and give up.  But there could be a fight, and someone could die.”
Abby sat deliberating for several minutes while holding her face in her hands.  “If you don’t get married, Rafer can take you.  Being his daughter, he has the right to claim you.  We can fight to keep him from taking you, but if we lose, you will be mated with someone you do not know.
“If you get married and mated to Stone, only another wolf, not Rafer can make a death challenge.  And someone will die.  And it could be Stone.  But then again, if you are married, Rafer and the suitor may just give up.
“It is a big decision to make, and regardless we will need everyone to turn.  We cannot fight as humans.  We need numbers to stand up against Rafer,” Abby finished.
Gracey knew the decision had to be hers.  The thought of Stone dying or having to live alone for the rest of his life was more than Gracey could endure.
Rudy and Stone had walked into the hall, to find Abby and Gracey.  Gracey looked at Stone and told him the hardest thing she would ever have to say.  “There will be no wedding.”
“So you won’t marry me, and you’ll take the chance someone else will mate with you.  Hell, no!  I do not care if I live the rest of my life alone.  I want to marry you.  Even if I have to fight to protect you, I want to marry you.  Don’t you get it, Gracey, you are my forever?  Please marry me,” Stone begged.
Everyone was in the hallway, most of them crying.  Abby was still sitting on the floor sobbing in her hands; with Rudy trying to comfort her.  Stone was standing and staring at Gracey, with tears running down his face.  Gracey was determined to be unwavering with her decision.  She turned and walked away.  “I need a bath.”
The Rudolphs looked at one another in sadness, heartbroken.  They would fight for Gracey.  They owed her that much.  But the acceptance of the proposal and the declaration of no wedding in such a short period of time were inconsolable.  “Gracey is confused.  It is so much to take in so soon.  Give her some space and time, and I am sure she will come around.  There is hope.  She kept the ring,” Abby announced, optimistic.
Gracey did not waste any time drawing herself a bath and climbing into the hot water.  The giant tub had become her refuge.  There were no bubbles and no candles.  This was not the time for pampering.  There has to be a way around this.  She kept saying over and over in her mind.  There has to be a happy ending.  If we could stop Rafer until my twenty-fifth birthday, I could stay human and not have to rush the wedding.  Okay, best case scenario and the worst chance of coming to fruition.
Gracey ran every scenario through her head.  If I do not mate before I turn twenty-five, Rafer can claim me.  If I do not turn before I turn twenty-five, Rafer can still force the turn.  If I turn to protect myself and I do not get married, Rafer can claim me.  If I turn and get married, there can be a death challenge, and Stone could die.  If Stone dies or Rafer claims me, I will be mated to someone else.  Who do I want to mate with?  The final question was the most prominent one.  Regardless of the threat from Rafer, she wanted to be with Stone.  Even if forever was only for a year.
Gracey stayed in her room for the rest of the afternoon.  Ms. Maple brought up a tray of food for lunch, but Gracey refused lunch and Ms. Maple’s company.  Gracey needed time alone.  She needed time to decide.
Dinner time arrived, and Stone knocked softly on her door.  “Please let me in,” he begged.
Gracey unlocked the door, climbed back onto the bed, and buried her face in the pillows.  I cannot look at him, she thought to herself.
“Gracey.  I know you are afraid.  So am I.  We can postpone the wedding.  Let us get through the first full moon together, and then we can talk again about wedding dates.  We will take it one full moon at a time.  But, please tell me you will marry me.  Please tell me you love me.”
“Stone, you know I love you.  But I have gone over every scenario in my head, wedding, no wedding, wolf or human, everything.  I have one more question I need to ask your mother.”
Stone and Gracey left Gracey’s suite to find Abby.  Gracey was still troubled, but Stone had a glimmer of hope.  They found Abby in her sitting room.
“Abby, if Stone and I get married, and I don’t turn what claim does Rafer have?”  Gracey asked.
“Being married is not the same as being mated as wolves.  So technically, Rafer can still claim you, force change and hand you off to someone else.  But if you are no longer a virgin then the chances of him coming to take you are considerably diminished.  I am gathering you are hesitant to turn,” Abby deduced.
“I have read the books, but I only know from my own experience about living human.  It scares me.  The wolves around me have been living human, so it makes me believe being a wolf is not so desirable,” Gracey explained.
“Oh sweetie, we choose to live human because pack life can be difficult; especially growing up in a nomadic pack.  There are packs out there that lead fairly normal lives and are able to live both, but they have to be isolated somewhat from the normal world due to the size of the pack.  With me marrying Rudy, I made a personal choice to live human because Rudy is human, and we raised Stone as human.”
“But what about Jim and Elmer?” Gracey asked.
“Honey, Jim, and Elmer live both.  They have their human life, and they still turn each month to hunt.  They are not in a pack, per se.  They do rely on each other as they hunt together.  I think for them, it is more of a male bonding thing.  Just as human men hunt together with guns,” Abby explained.
“So why don’t you wait to turn wolf?  Let’s plan this wedding so you and Stone can start your lives together,” Abby added.
Gracey turned to Stone, “I was thinking October.”  Stone nearly jumped for joy.  He took Gracey into his arms and kissed her passionately.
Abby squealed with excitement.  “I have a wedding to plan,” Abby giggled as she ran out the door.


Chapter 11 - Me Cook?

“Rudy, where are you?  We have a wedding to plan!” Abby screamed running through the mansion.
Rudy was in the dining room waiting for everyone to join him for dinner.  He jumped up as Abby ran into his arms, and he twirled her around.  Gracey and Stone walked in behind her holding hands and smiling.  Stone was in admiration of the relationship between his parents.  Even after thirty years, they were in love.  Stone looked at Gracey.  “That will be us someday,” he told her.
After dinner, the four adjourned to the great room to make plans.  “A date, we need a date!” Abby insisted as she pulled out her calendar and turned it to October.  “Late October would be beautiful; the leaves will have turned colors, and it will still be warm enough for an outdoor wedding.”
“Outdoors?” Rudy asked with concern.  “I think we need to keep this small and intimate, and while an outdoor wedding in the garden would be perfect, I think we still have to think about Gracey's safety.”
The group took pause at Rudy's comment about safety.  The giant pink elephant was in the room again.  “I am sure everything will be fine,” Rudy added.  “But I had to point out the obvious.”
Solemnly they agreed, trying not to put a damper on the happy tidings.  “We will have an indoor wedding at the end of October; how about the last Sunday in October, the 28th?” Abby suggested looking around at her family.  Everyone nodded in agreement, and Abby circled it on her calendar.
“This gives us four months to get everything together.  Omigod, there is so much to do; the flowers, the dress, the cake, the decorations,” Abby started in a panic.  “Omigod,” she exclaimed again.
Everyone in the room started laughing which caught Abby’s attention.  Looking at them, she laughed in embarrassment. “Guess I am getting a little carried away,” Abby told them.  They nodded in unison and laughed some more.
“I am tired.  It has been a long and emotional day,” Stone announced.  “I think we should wait until tomorrow and then reconvene to make any more plans.”  Stone led Gracey out of the great room.
Abby and Rudy stayed behind.  “Rudy, we need to talk.  I know we agreed you would turn, but maybe now we can wait.  Maybe you will not need to.”
Rudy sat looking at his wife, almost begging.  “Abby, I am now sixty, and you are, well…” Rudy paused.  “While you appear to be a young woman in her mid-forties, you were born sixty-seven years ago.  We have had a terrific marriage and an incredible life together.  If we are lucky, we have another twenty or thirty years together.  But I want more.  I want you to turn me so we can be together for another sixty years or longer.”
Abby was in tears at Rudy's proclamation of love.  She leaned over and kissed him passionately.  “And I heard the sex is…” Rudy whispered in a sexy tone.
“Let’s talk tomorrow,” Abby suggested, leading him to their bed.

As agreed, the family started making plans for the wedding the next day at breakfast.  Or at least they called them plans.  But no final decisions were made.  No one could agree on the type of flowers, the color of the flowers, the length of the train on the dress, formal or semi-formal for the men, how many tiers of wedding cake, nothing.  Laughter was in abundance as was the food.
Rudy turned to Gracey, “You know since you moved in, we have spent more time together has a family than in the past several years.  We have even become more casual at dinner.  I have thoroughly enjoyed spending time at home and with my Abby,” he said with a lustful grin looking at Abby.  “I am thinking of spending more time working from home.  Thank you.”
“Work!” Gracey exclaimed.  “I need to go back to work.”
“Why?” Rudy asked her.  “You have no rent to pay; no groceries to buy and from what Stone tells me, you have an account at Merriman’s.  Why would you need to work?”
“I don’t take handouts, Mr. Rudolph!” Gracey exclaimed.  “I am still a guest in your home.  I am not really a member of the family; not yet.”
“Yes you are,” Abby said in a hurt tone.  “You are almost my daughter-in-law.  And you are related by blood already.  You are more than a guest!  I know you have your pride, but please try to enjoy the journey and have some fun while you’re at it.”
“I have an idea,” Rudy started.  “You worked in our training department and from what Jim tells me you are quite talented.  Can you cook?”
“You want me to be a cook?” Gracey screamed, offended.
“No, no!” Rudy replied, almost laughing, which made Gracey even angrier.  “Stone, can you cook?”
Gracey answered for Stone, “He can make microwave popcorn,” and then she laughed.
“Well, here is your assignment.  Teach this boy of mine how to cook.”
Stone looked at his father wide-eyed.  “Teach me how to what?”
“You heard me, son.  When I was growing up, my mother taught me how to cook.  Granted, I do not cook anymore, but at least I can at least make myself a decent Spanish omelet.  Can you?”
“But Dad!” Stone whimpered.  “You want me to cook?”
“Stop acting like a spoiled brat.  You are both on a paid leave of absence.  If you both want to continue getting paid, Gracey will need to teach you how to cook,” Rudy declared.
Gracey went from insulted to arrogant in a matter of seconds.  The reaction from Stone not wanting to learn how to cook made her laugh smugly.  “Do I get hazardous duty pay?” Gracey asked and laughed.  Stone was flustered.  The joke was now on him.  “We can start today.  What would you like to eat for lunch?” Gracey asked.
“Surprise me!  But it better not be microwave popcorn,” Rudy insisted.
Shortly after meeting with Stone and Gracey, Rudy and Abby met with Elmer and Jim in the great room.  "I need you to go to Colorado," Rudy started.  "We need to find out how big Rafer's pack is.  You will leave tomorrow.  I need you back by Tuesday."

Rudy went to work, virtually, of course.  He had a private office in the main house in which he could manage his company.  He first talked to HR and ensured Stone’s and Gracey’s leave of absences would continue until further notice.  Rudy then called his vice president and assistant to announce he would be working from home indefinitely.  After schedules and calendars had been synced, and expectations set, Rudy opened his email and started reviewing reports.
He was curious about the assignment he had given Gracey and laughed.  Stone is not going to have fun.  Maybe I will have him make his own bed next.
“Time for a break?” Abby asked, coming in.
“Abby, you are the most beautiful distraction I could hope for; a definite perk of working from home.  I should have done this long ago.  Shall we finish our discussion from last night?” Rudy asked, with a sparkle in his eye and moving closer to Abby.  “I still want you to bite me.  I want to have as many years together as we can.”
“Can we wait one more month?  I know this is what you want.  But right now I can empathize with Gracey.  I want to know we are doing it for the right reason.  So we can be together forever,” Abby pleaded.  “But in the meantime, why don’t you take a break,” she suggested with a wink and led him upstairs.
Gracey and Stone were in the kitchen for lesson number one; cooking basics.  While Stone was a wiz with numbers and spreadsheets, his knowledge of kitchen measurements was deficient.  Ms. Maple and the kitchen staff were kept in tears all morning, laughing at Stone’s mistakes.  But Stone soon learned a coffee cup was not eight ounces, and a teaspoon for measuring was not the small spoon on the right side of the dinner plate.  Gracey was having too much fun at Stone’s blunders.
By the time Stone and Gracey started preparing lunch, Stone was knowledgeable on measurements and how to read the ingredients list from a recipe.  “Let’s start with something simple,” Gracey suggested.  “What do you want for lunch?”
“I had been thinking about a nice chef’s salad with homemade raspberry vinaigrette and some grilled salmon, but now I am not so sure,” Stone sulked.
“The boy is going to learn the boil an egg!” Ms. Maple announced to the kitchen staff.  The laughter was almost deafening.  Stone almost ran out of the kitchen mortified and humiliated.
Gracey pushed Stone back toward the prep table.  “Now ladies, it is not Stone’s fault he does not know how to cook.  He has been raised…well, privileged.  Let’s help him out, and maybe he will treat you to breakfast one morning.”
“So let’s get started,” the ladies agreed and one by one they stepped in with prep tips and tricks.  They taught him how not to cut himself while slicing and dicing; how to make the homemade vinaigrette using fresh berries and herbs.  The ladies even taught him how to make the perfect hard cooked egg.  Then they taught Stone how to cook the salmon.  “Salmon can be tricky,” Gracey advised.  “There is nothing worse than overcooking salmon.”
The ladies then showed Stone how to plate his creation for an aesthetic presentation.  Failing to show Stone how to set the table properly, the ladies took care of it for him.  But tomorrow would be lesson number two, setting a formal table.
Lunch was announced, and the family sat down to eat.  Stone looked frazzled and exhausted.  Rudy ribbed him a little.  “You made this?”
“Well, the ladies helped, but I am learning.  They made sure the food was appetizing.  But I did most of it.  There is so much to do to put a meal together,” Stone confessed humbly.  Rudy nodded in admiration.
Stone shared his adventure in the kitchen during lunch, and Gracey piped in with the humorous details.  “So, what is for lunch tomorrow,” Rudy asked Stone.
“Tomorrow?  I have to do this again?  I thought you were just kidding about Gracey teaching me to cook!  I am worn out.  I need a nap!” Stone sighed.
“I will grab a couple of cookbooks from the kitchen, and we can look over some recipes.  We will find you some easy ones,” Gracey told Stone.  “It is my job to teach you how to cook, so I will help you plan the menus.  But first I think Stone needs a shower and a change of clothes.  You are a mess Stone.”  Then Gracey laughed uncontrollably.
Abby thanked Stone for lunch, proclaiming it was near perfection and she and Rudy excused themselves.  “Do I have to do the dishes too?” Stone asked in fear.
“No, I think one mess is enough for one day,” Gracey answered and pushed Stone out of the dining room.
After a shower and change of clothes, Stone joined Gracey in her suite.  They propped up the pillows for an afternoon of perusing the cookbooks Gracey had brought with her, to plan lunch for the next day.  Gracey made a few suggestions, and when Stone did not reply, she noticed he had fallen asleep.  She smiled and then shook her head in disbelief.  She quietly left the room while he napped.


Stone’s second cooking lesson started with Stone learning how to set a formal table.  While Stone and his parents often dressed for dinner, they rarely had occasion for a fully formal place setting.  But the staff ensured Stone knew where every knife, fork, and goblet should be set.  He could not believe how many pieces there could be.
Then it was time to prepare lunch.  Knowing his father liked breakfast; Stone suggested poached eggs with hollandaise sauce.  The staff roared with laughter.  “Baby boy, you have some pretty lofty goals.  Even an experienced chef can ruin a good hollandaise when it breaks down,” Ms. McFarlin called out.  Stone was devastated.
Gracey explained, “Hollandaise Sauce is tricky.  It is much more difficult than it looks.  I cannot even make it.  But after you have learned more about cooking, I promise you, both you and I will learn to make it.
“I have a couple suggestions,” Gracey continued. “Cornish game hens with wild rice stuffing and grilled asparagus or we can make a shepherd’s pie.”  Gracey had already ensured all the ingredients were available while Stone had napped the afternoon before.
“The game hens sound good,” Stone decided, and lesson number two proceeded. The preparation of lunch went smoothly.  Gracey marked the recipes in the cookbooks and watched over the completion of each dish.  With the assistance of the ladies, he plated lunch with a simple garnish of orange slices and served lunch.
Rudy's plan was working better than he had suspected.  Having Gracey teach Stone how to cook not only provided Gracey a reason to earn her salary, but it gave Stone and Gracey more time to get to know one another; their strengths and their weaknesses.
Stone and Gracey's relationship was still very new, and the proposal happened so quickly they needed time to connect with each other.  Rudy had heard of studies that showed a strong relationship in the kitchen led to a happier marriage and a better relationship in the bedroom.
Stone learning to cook would force him out of his comfort zone.  Teach him to attack each challenge head on.
Gracey would learn to ask for help.  It was Rudy's fault Gracey thought of herself as self-sufficient.  While Gracey did not have everything she wanted, Rudy had ensured she had everything she needed.  Rudy had subsidized her rent with Ms. Maple.  Rudy established shuttle service to the office so Gracey would not walk to work every day.   Rudy even paid Ms. Perkins the difference on Gracey's trips to the store.  Ms. Perkins had been using the same coupons over and over and sent an invoice to Rudy each month.  Rudy, in essence, had been an enabler to Gracey feeling she was self-sufficient.
The cooking lessons would also allow Gracey to ingratiate herself with the kitchen staff and the household staff.  Someday Gracey would take over as mistress of the house.  The staff needed to trust her and vice versa.  Gracey would need to know the intricacies of running a household.  Planning meals were just one of the tasks she would need to learn.
Someday, when Abby turned him, Rudy and Abby would need to move away before everyone noticed they were not aging.
“I proclaim lunch number two a complete success,” Rudy announced sated.  “And since it is Friday, you have the weekend off.  But be ready for Monday, I expect to be wowed again.”
Stone puffed with pride.  He had even had some fun.  He found out things about Gracey he did not know and she about him.  They were growing closer to each other.  This cooking together does have his advantages, Stone thought with a smile.
Gracey and Stone spent the remainder of the afternoon planning menus for the following week’s lunches.  With their final selections made and their ingredient lists made; they went to the kitchen to ensure the pantry and refrigerators were stocked with what they would need.  Stone thanked the staff for all their help and told them that he actually had an enjoyable time.
After dinner, the family gathered for a relaxing evening watching a movie.  Stone even dazzled them with his skills by making his best dish, microwave popcorn.


With Jim and Elmer out of town, Gracey had Charles accompany her to the garden to cut fresh flowers for her room.  Normally she gathered flowering perennials, but today she selected a vase full of lavender roses.  Since Stone was spending more time in her suite than his, she thought it would be a gesture.  He did seem to have an attraction to them.
While arranging the roses in a vase in her room, she looked down at her planner and realized it was the day before Father’s Day.  Gracey was saddened it had been seven years since she had spent a Father’s Day with her daddy.  But she had hope, maybe next year, she thought.  Maybe next year.
That afternoon, Stone approached Gracey with his cell phone in his extended hand.  “You have a call.”
“Hello?” Gracey said into the phone.
“Hi, baby girl,” John replied.
“Daddy, oh Daddy, I am so glad to hear your voice!  How are you?”
“Stone set it up for us to talk.  I just might like that boy yet.  I understand you are staying with the Rudolphs now.  Are you okay?”
“Has Stone told you what is going on with Rafer?  It is okay, Daddy.  I am safe,” Gracey reassured him.  “I know the whole story Daddy.  This will be over soon, and we will get you out of there.”
“You know the whole story?  Everything?” John asked.
“Yes, Daddy.  I know what you did to keep me safe.  You are the best daddy ever!  I miss you.  I love you!  Happy Father’s Day Daddy!”
“Thank you, sweetie, it will be now.  Stone has asked me something important, Gracey.  But first I need to know.  Do you love him?”
“Yes Daddy, I love him.”
“He has asked for your hand in marriage.  If you truly love him, and this is what you want, then you have my blessing.”
“Thank you, Daddy, I love you!”
“Love you too baby girl,” and the call ended.
“Oh, Stone how did you manage it?” Gracey exclaimed in total jubilation, running into Stone’s arms.
“Since it is too dangerous to travel to the prison with Jim and Elmer out of town I just made a call to my father’s friend, the warden.”
“I love you Stone that was the best present ever!”
“I love you too Gracey.”


Chapter 12 - The Kill Shot

For Father’s Day, Stone decided to surprise his father by preparing breakfast and serving it to him in bed.  Stone arose early and went to the kitchen.  The staff was just starting to assemble the food to start preparation when Stone sauntered in.
“Stone?” Ms. Maple said in confusion.  “It’s Sunday.  You do not have kitchen duty today.  Or did you just come in to make your own coffee?”
“Ladies, I am going to make breakfast for my father.  It is Father’s Day, after all.  I think it would certainly thrill him if I made breakfast and served it to him,” Stone announced.  “Now if you help me out by pointing me to a large cup of coffee, I need to wake up before I pick up a knife and cut myself.”  Stone knew a little self-deprecation would win the ladies over.  For good measure, Stone added a wink and a smile.
Ms. Davies and Ms. Maple looked at each other and smiled with pleasure.  Ms. Maple poured Stone a large cup of coffee, and Ms. Davies made him a double shot of espresso.  Stone was now ready to go.  Stone gathered the vegetables to make a Spanish omelet.  His father had bragged even he could make one, so Stone was determined to show he could make one, as well.
Determine to outdo his father, Stone asked the ladies if they had a recipe for home-made salsa.  He read the recipe, gathered the ingredients, and started chopping and mincing the tomatoes, onions, and cilantro, then Stone charred and skinned the jalapeño peppers and diced them.  He finished preparing the salsa and set it aside.
Knowing the family would be gathering soon, Stone sliced and cooked the potatoes, the onions, and the bacon.  Then he looked at Ms. Davies.  “What pan do I use for the omelet?” Stone asked.  “I have a feeling this is going to be the hard part.”
Ms. Davies and Ms. Maple hovered over Stone like a couple of mother hens.  “We will get you through this.  You will be a pro by the time you finish your second one.”  And they were right.  While Stone was finishing the second omelet, Ms. Davies and Ms. Maple had assembled two breakfast trays complete with toast, juice, and coffee.  Stone plated both omelets, added some salsa on the side and stood admiring his work.
“We will help you carry them up,” Ms. Davies announced as she grabbed one tray and Ms. Maple grabbed the second.  Stone led the way up the stairs and knocked on his parent’s door.  “I have a surprise for you,” Stone called out.  “May we come in?”
The ladies followed Stone into the room.  “Happy Father’s Day Dad,” Stone announced.  “I made you breakfast.”
Rudy looked at Stone in amazement and then at Abby.  “It’s the best Father’s Day ever,” Rudy proclaimed.  Then he saw Stone had made Spanish omelets and snickered.  “Trying to show me up, son?”
“I hope so.”
Stone waited until his father took the first bite.  “This is good.  Did you make the salsa too?”
“Yep,” Stone answered.
“Impressive.  This is exceptionally yummy.  Thank you, Stone.”
Stone smiled and walked away.  He reflected on the last two days and realized the best two presents he had given the people he loved most were free; setting up the call for Gracey and making breakfast for his father.
Stone returned to the kitchen and set up a third tray with coffee and toast and delivered it to Gracey.
The family normally ate late on Sunday mornings, brunch.  So by mid-afternoon, they were hungry.  Little did they know Gracey had planned her own surprise for lunch.  The mid-June weather in Tennessee was perfect for a summer picnic, but with the threat of dining outside, Gracey had set up the great room for an indoor picnic.
With the help of Ms. Davies and Ms. Maple, they prepared roasted chicken, potato salad with a herb flavored dressing, bread, brie, and berries of all types. They also helped Gracey select a light wine.  The great room was large and bright and airy.  It overlooked the patio and garden so they could pretend they were outside.
Gracey led the family in and turned to Rudy.  “This is to thank you for everything.  You are almost my father, Happy Father’s Day.”
Rudy was speechless; two meals in one day from his children.  It truly was his best Father’s Day ever.
They sat on the blanket that had been spread out and ate.  There were laughter and joking and no talk of the ugliness that loomed.  It was a perfect afternoon.
At the end of the meal, Ms. Maple entered the family room carrying dessert.  It was her contribution to the day.  It was her way of thanking Rudy for taking care of her little girl.  It was Ms. Maple's blue ribbon winning, homemade coconut cream pie with meringue three inches high.  Rudy had thought he had died and gone to heaven.  Ms. Maple’s coconut pies were legendary.
Suddenly everyone heard a yell from outside, and before anyone could react, the two men who had tried to kidnap Gracey just the Sunday before broke through the French doors from the patio.  Ms. Maple quickly hid behind one of the chairs while one of the intruders went after Gracey and the other tackled Abby.  Charles came running into the room right behind them, armed with a rifle.
Charles took aim at the man nearest Gracey.  The kidnapper grabbed Gracey to her feet just as Charles pulled the trigger, and the bullet hit Gracey in the arm missing the kidnapper.
Rudy and Stone were wrestling with the second kidnapper trying to free Abby, but when they heard a shot ring out, all three froze.  Stone instinctively jumped up to help Gracey.  Gracey could feel the burn of the gun shot but knew better than to look at the wound and the blood.  She stared straight into Charles' eyes, found strength and courage and without a word spoken between the two; Gracey jerked her body to the right.  Simultaneously Charles took the kill shot, a silver bullet to the heart.
Seeing his accomplice was dead, the second kidnapper released Abby and leaped to his feet to escape.  As the would-be kidnapper started running, Charles aimed and took another shot.  But the kidnapper turned into his wolf form, and the bullet missed the target.  Knowing he would not be able to match the wolf’s speed, Charles did not pursue.  Instead, he turned to Gracey.  Seeing her wound and blood, Charles was visibly shaken.
“Gracey, I am so sorry; I never meant to hurt you,” Charles cried out, almost in tears.
Gracey looked at Charles, now with tears in her eyes.  “I know,” she muttered and fainted.  Stone scooped Gracey up into his arms, cradling her, and carried her to her suite.  Rudy was on the phone immediately calling Dr. Robertson.  Abby instructed Ms. Maple to take the rest of the staff downstairs and told Charles to get the doors replaced and secure the house.
Dr. Robertson lived only ten minutes away, and Charles was waiting at the front entrance, to let him in.  Dr. Robertson ran up the steps and into Gracey’s suite where he found Stone hovering over Gracey with Abby hysterical.  “It’s my fault.  I couldn’t protect them, and I could not turn,” Abby cried.
Dr. Robertson could see the wound was superficial, despite the amount of blood on Gracey’s blouse.  He tried to console Abby.  But Abby kept repeating, “I couldn’t turn.  The shots kept me from turning and protecting her.”
Dr. Robertson, almost laughing, turned to Abby and said, “The answer is right in front of you; the lavender roses.  It is the reason Stone is so attracted to them.  They speak to his wolf side wanting to come out.  It is not the scent of spice he is attracted to even though it reminds him of Gracey's scent.  Abby, the lavender roses are the antidote to the shots.”
Abby grabbed the roses out of the vase on Gracey table and started shoving the petals into her mouth, like a bulimic before a purge, much to everyone's horror.
Turning back to Gracey, Dr. Robertson cleaned and dressed the wound.  “This should heal quickly and barely leave a scar.  If you were a wolf, you would be healed in a couple of hours, but since you’re human, maybe seven to ten days.”  Then Dr. Robertson asks the vital question.  “Was there any blood transfer?  We need to check for any scratches or bites.  Gracey, do you feel any?” Dr. Robertson asked.
Gracey replied, “No.”
“We will need to check to be sure,” he told Gracey.  “Abby, can you help me undress her?” Dr. Robertson asked.
Rudy knew it was time for him to leave the room.  Stone had been at Gracey’s side holding her hand the entire time, not moving.  Dr. Robertson reached to unbutton Gracey’s blouse when Abby called out, “Stop."  Abby turned to Stone.  “You need to leave, give the girl some privacy.  Rudy, take Stone with you.”
Reluctantly, Stone released Gracey’s hand and followed his father out of the suite and into the hallway.  Once the suite door was closed, Rudy turned to Stone.  “Why were you told to leave the room?”
“Because I have never seen Gracey undressed,” Stone confessed.
“But you sleep together!” Rudy called out, amazed and shocked.
“Yes, we sleep together in the same bed with me on top of the covers.  Dad, Gracey is a virgin and so am I.”
“What the…Stone you are twenty-eight years old.  You are telling me; you have never had sex?  What about all the girls you dated while at college?”
“Dated yes, but no sex.  Every girl I dated was more interested in the family fortune than me; it was a big turn off.  Besides, I fell in love with Gracey when she was seventeen years old.  When I saw her at the last Christmas party she attended, it was as if I had found my one true love.  I knew then she was the one.  I knew I would never be complete without her.  I knew I would wait forever for her; only her.”
“But that was seven years ago son.  And you have worked in the same building for six years.  What took you so long?”
“Gracey stopped coming to the Christmas parties.  And an office romance would have been scandalous.  What was supposed to do, stalk her?  But when I found out she was going to Africa I knew it was my chance, and I followed her there.”
While Dr. Robertson was examining Gracey, Abby held her hand and to distract her, asked, “When did you know Stone was the one for you?”
“When I was seventeen.”
“Seventeen?”
“Yes, at the last Christmas party I attended here at Emerald Knoll.  My father was thanking you for another spectacular party, Stone smiled at me, and I swear I knew at that moment we were going to be together forever.  I knew he was my soulmate.”
“But that was seven years ago!” Abby exclaimed.
“My life changed that night.  While I finding love, I lost my mother.  I was so busy just trying to cope with my heartaches and surviving day-to-day; I put Stone out of my mind.  Then we started working together, and I could not pursue him.  How would it have looked?  But then we ended up in Africa together.”
Abby thought for a moment before speaking.  Gracey had been apprehensive about becoming a wolf.  “You were meant to be together.  Your inner wolves know it,” Abby told her.
“Just because we both have the wolf gene we are supposed to be together?” Gracey asked, annoyed.
“Jim and Elmer are wolves.  Do you feel the same way about them as you do for Stone?”
“Of course not,” Gracey answered.
“Humans call it the subconscious.  For us, it is our inner wolf.  It helps to guide us.  Your inner wolves have ensured you would be together.  Just wait until you turn, and then you will truly understand,” Abby explained.
Dr. Robertson finished the exam and found no scratches or bites.  Gracey went into the bathroom, to clean up and dress for bed.  Stone and Rudy came back into the room.  Dr. Robertson filled them in on Gracey's condition and how to care for the wound.  He would have supplies delivered and be back in a couple of days to check on Gracey.
Gracey came out of the bathroom and walked slowly towards the bed.  She saw a single lavender rose petal on the floor, and she picked it up.  At first, it appeared she was just going to smell it, smell the scent of herself; a hint of spice.  Then she opened her mouth.
Stone yelled out, “No!” as he grabbed the rose petal from Gracey's hand.  Everyone stood gaping.
“It is her wolf trying to protect itself, to heal itself.  Wolves heal faster than humans, and her body is craving what it needs to survive,” Dr. Robertson explained.
Dr. Robertson gave Gracey a pain killer and some antibiotics.  Stone tucked Gracey in and crawled atop of the bed beside her.  “I love you, Gracey,” Stone told her.
“I love you too, Stone,” she replied.
Before Rudy and Abby had left the room, Stone and Gracey were asleep in each other’s arms; Stone enveloping Gracey like a cocoon to keep her safe just has he had for the past seven nights.
Abby and Rudy looked at them and despite the horror of the day, smiled.  Both Stone's and Gracey’s breathing and heartbeats were in sync as if they were one.  Abby and Rudy knew Stone and Gracey were meant for each other and meant to be together forever.
Dr. Robertson was escorted out, and Rudy turned to Charles.  “The doors are fixed, and I have called Jim.  Jim and Elmer are on their way back,” Charles advised.
“Thank you, Charles.  Please ensure the quarters are secured downstairs, and then I want you to move into the room across the hall from Gracey for the night.  I need to know she is safe.  Tomorrow when everyone is back, we will decide on our next course of action.”

Monday morning the staff was abuzz of the latest kidnapping attempt; twice in one week.  Who was after Gracey and why?  Rudy and Abby knew they had to come up with a plausible story to tell the staff.
Jim and Elmer had returned and after a few hours of sleep joined the family, Ms. Maple and the staff in the kitchen.  Everyone would need to be told the same story.
The staff consisted of two cooks, Ms. McFarlin and Ms. Davies; two housekeepers, Daisy and Allison; Billy, a young man who ran errands, and Charles.
“As you know there was another kidnapping attempt made yesterday.  Gracey was hurt but is upstairs resting.  The injury was minor.  However, there may be another attempt.  Her biological father is trying to claim her,” Rudy started.
The staff was now confused.  John Newsome was her father, or was he?
Rudy tried to explain without giving any information about the family’s genetic makeup.  “Mr. Newsome is not Gracey’s biological father.  Her biological father is a horrible man and wants Gracey to live with him.  Of course, Gracey does not want to.  Since this is the second attempt, I am sure there be another.  We are taking every precaution to ensure everyone is safe; this includes the staff.  Some of you live here, Ms. Maple, Ms. Davies, and Charles.  And Jim and Elmer have moved in to provide additional protection.  Unfortunately, they were away this weekend.”
They were away this weekend; Rudy paused and thought, is this a coincidence?
“I will be reevaluating security measures and putting additional patrols in place,” Rudy told the staff, adding, “without encroaching on anyone’s privacy.
“I understand if you are worried about your safety and may want to quit.  If you do, I will provide one years' severance pay and a written recommendation.  If you want to move in or move out, just let me know.  Think about it and let me know your decision by the end of the day.”
“Jim, Elmer, Charles, meet me in my office after breakfast,” Rudy stated, and the family walked away.

“Jim, Elmer, what did you find out during your trip?” Rudy asked.
“We wish we had more to tell, Mr. Rudolph but trying to get near the pack undetected was more difficult than we thought it would be,” Elmer started.
“The pack seemed bigger.  But we are not sure everyone we saw in the group, were actually members of the pack.  It seemed staged; as if Rafe was trying to make the pack look bigger,” Jim added.  “There were too many.  Nomadic packs are not that large.  We counted ten adult males and ten adult females.  We could not get close enough to determine if the females were human or turned.  There were numerous children of all ages; mainly males but we did see a few younger females.  But none appeared to be of mating age.  There was one who looked about sixteen or seventeen.  Technically she is old enough for mating, but traditionally we wait until eighteen,” Jim advised.
"Seeing the older female, we hoped she was wolf born, and Rafer would no longer need or want Gracey.  But we did notice the devil twins were missing.  We should have suspected foul play and let you know right away, Mr. Rudolph.  We just thought it was a coincidence and ignored it,” Elmer explained.
“We overheard bits of a few conversations,” Jim continued.  “It seems Rafe is in the middle of a territorial dispute with another pack.  He is hoping to mate a female with the Beta of the other pack to solve the issue.  This may be why Rafe wants Gracey.”
“Elmer, you used the word coincidence.  I thought about that, as well.  How did…what did you call them…the devil twins know the two of you were out of town?” Rudy wondered.
“I do not know,” Elmer replied.
“Did either of you tell anyone outside of the family you would be out of town?” Rudy asked.
“Family, did you say family? Omigod,” Elmer called out.  “This is my fault!”
“Your fault?” Jim screamed.
“While we were packing to leave, my cousin Molly called.  She needed help fixing a torn screen on one of her windows.  I told her it would be a couple of days before I could stop by and take care of it,” Elmer explained.
“Molly?  That does not make any sense.  Why would Molly be helping Rafe?” Jim asked.  “Molly took care of Gracey all of her childhood; up until Gracey had to sell her parent’s house.  She loves Gracey.”
“This is what we need to find out,” Rudy told them.  “Maybe it’s not her.  Who would have the motive to sell out our family?”
No one could answer.


Chapter 13 - Now Get Up!

Gracey spent every day in her suite.  She told everyone she was just tired.  But the truth was Gracey was frightened.  There had been two kidnapping attempts, and she had been shot.  Okay, the shooting was an accident, but mentally and emotionally too much had happened in a short span of time.  On top of the physical threats, Gracey discovered the man she thought was her daddy was not her father.  Her father was a wolf.  Gracey had gotten engaged, and she discovered her fiancée was her cousin.  And she was a wolf too.  A wolf if she decided to change before her twenty-fifth birthday.
A normal person would have already found a tall bridge and a deep river to end it all.  Stone tried to empathize with Gracey as his family had kept secrets from him, as well.  He had gotten engaged and discovered his fiancé was his cousin.  And he was a wolf; if he decided to change before his thirtieth birthday.  But Stone had not been shot, and no one had tried to kidnap him.
Stone delivered Gracey her breakfast every morning; toast and coffee.  He tried to get Gracey to eat lunch but failed.  Ms. Maple was victorious in getting Gracey to eat at least half of her dinner.  While Gracey allowed visitors into her suite, she barely talked staring at the wall almost catatonic.  The staff ensured her bath was drawn, and Ms. Maple coaxed Gracey into the bath and clean pajamas each day.
Charles stopped by daily, nearly in tears, full of remorse.  “I am so sorry, Gracey,” he told her again and again.
“I do not blame you, Charles.  It wasn’t your fault,” Gracey would reassure Charles and go back into her trance.
Stone spent most of each day with Gracey in her suite.  Each night he would lie beside her, but Gracey remained stiff in his arms.  Stone could feel Gracey pull further and further away.
After the third day, Stone called Dr. Robertson, distraught.  “Gracey barely eats, she barely talks, and she just lies in bed and stares at the wall.  I am really worried, Dr. Robertson.  Gracey is so despondent.”
“Is the wound healing? Is Gracey in pain?”  Dr. Robertson asked.
“The dressing has been changed as directed, and there does not appear to be any infection.  The pain seems minimal.  Gracey doesn’t flinch when the bandages are changed,” Stone answered.
“I will stop by this afternoon and see what I can do to help,” Dr. Robertson advised.

“If Molly is working with Rafer and I was the one feeding her information, how are we going to prove it and find out why?” Elmer asked Jim and Rudy.
Then Rudy remembered Stone and Gracey’s story about their last visit to Molly’s and a box of documents, photos, and the Henrikson Family Tree.  He told Jim and Elmer about the box.  “Maybe there are some clues in the box.  But how do we get it?” Rudy asked.
“Well, if Molly is the one passing on information to Rafer, she probably thinks I am clueless.  I can dupe Molly into leaving the house and then Jim can go in and get the box,” Elmer suggested.
“It is almost too simple,” Rudy stated, with a mischievous grin.
“Molly called me last week about fixing a window screen.  I will go over, and after I fix the screen, I will offer to treat her to lunch at the diner.  It should give Jim enough time to search the house, find the box and bring it here,” Elmer suggested.
“Set it up,” Jim told Elmer.
Elmer called his cousin Molly and let her know he was back in town and would be over to fix the screen soon.  Jim and Elmer left in separate vehicles.  Jim drove past the driveway of Molly’s house and waited for Elmer to fix the screen and then leave, taking Molly to lunch.
A few minutes later Jim was entering the window Elmer had conveniently left unlocked for him.  Stone had provided the general location of the box, and after searching a few closets, Jim found the box in the closet of the guest room.  Jim wondered if Molly kept a journal.  He checked her room; first the nightstand and then the blanket chest at the end of her bed.  The chest was locked, but luckily Jim had kept a key from his deceased mother’s blanket chest on his key ring as a memento.  Jim tried the key and smiled when it fit.  Under several antique quilts, he found what he was searching for; several leather-bound journals.  Jim glanced at the dates in a few of them and discovered they went back over twenty years.
Jim locked the chest and left the house with a cardboard box and the journals.  He closed the window and locked it.  He left by the front door and drove back to Emerald Knoll.  Jim texted Elmer to let Elmer know he was home.  The text contained only a smiley face.

While Elmer and Jim were executing their ruse, Dr. Robertson arrived at Emerald Knoll to check on Gracey.  Stone accompanied him to the suite.  On the way up Dr. Robertson advised Stone, he may see or hear some things he might not like, but to remain quiet and trust him.
“I'm back Just as I as promised Gracey.  I want to see how your wound is healing,” Dr. Robertson told Gracey, entering the suite.
Dr. Robertson removed the bandages and examined the wound.  “This looks good, Gracey.  You are healing well.  How is the pain?”
“Not much pain Dr. Robertson,” Gracey replied flatly.
“Are you still taking the antibiotics and the pain pills?”
“Yes, sir.”
Dr. Robertson was concerned about Gracey's lack of tone and inflection.  Is this mental or drug induced? Dr. Robertson wondered.  “Keep the wound clean and covered with a light layer of petroleum jelly.  Let’s continue on the antibiotics but stop taking the hydrocodone.  If you feel any discomfort, a couple of aspirin or some Ibuprofen should take care of it.”  He then asked, “Have you been moving around much?”
“No,” Gracey answered.
“Movement helps circulation, and you would be surprised how much a walk in the sun can help with healing.  So I am prescribing walks in the garden twice a day for a week,” Dr. Robertson declared.  “I am going to send someone in to help you get dressed and arrange for your walks through the garden.  Do you have any questions?”
“What if I don’t want to go for a walk?” Gracey snapped, with indignation.
Dr. Robertson did not reply.  Instead, he turned on his heel and walked into Gracey’s closet.  His jaw still tight, he grabbed a pair of jeans and a blouse.  He walked back and threw them onto the bed.  “Get up and put these on,” Dr. Robertson demanded.  Gracey glared at Dr. Robertson shocked he was talking to her in this manner.  “I watched your mother lay in her bed, a prisoner in her own home for almost eighteen years.  I will be damned if I watch you do the same.  Now get up and get dressed!”
No one had ever talked to Gracey like this ever.  But the words Dr. Robertson shouted resonated in Gracey's mind; a prisoner in her own home.  Gracey climbed out of bed, picked up the clothes and entered the bathroom.  She returned after a few minutes dressed.  “I am ready for my walk,” she announced with a deflated sigh, and she walked out of the room.
Stone whispered, “Thank you,” to Dr. Robertson and followed Gracey down to the great room.
Dr. Robertson sank into a chair and exhaled.  It worked.
Gracey looked out the doors of the great room and into the garden.  Just three days before two men had busted in and tried to kidnap her.  She felt herself freeze, holding her breath.
“It’s a beautiful day Gracey, not too hot,” Stone told her softly and opened the doors. The fragrance from the garden was soothing and sweet.  Gracey closed her eyes and inhaled deeply.  Stone took her by the hand and waited for Gracey to take the first step into the garden.  And she did.
Gracey looked up towards the sky and closed her eyes.  The sun on her face was warming and relaxing.  Slowly she walked further into the garden.  She found the smell of the soil therapeutic and the flowers seemed more aromatic than normal.  She was happy to be outside.
Stone looked towards the driveway and noticed Jim returning.  Afraid Gracey would recognize the items Jim had liberated from Molly’s house; Stone pulled Gracey into an embrace.  “I have been thinking about enlarging the garden next year,” he told her, “I will order some catalogs, and we can plan one together.  I think it will be fun.”
Stone and Gracey spent the next hour strolling through the garden talking and making plans for next year.  Stone was happy Charles was hidden from sight.  He was watching over them covertly, ready to protect them if needed.

Rudy and Abby met with Elmer and Jim.  They had Molly’s box and her journals.  They started examining the items in the box first.  Abby was curious about the Henrikson Family Tree Gracey had seen.  Abby quickly found the paper and examined it.  The tree showed her line, along with Stone back to Abby’s great-great grandfather Alrid Henrikson.  The tree also showed Rafer with nothing below it, but Gracey’s name circled with a large question mark next to it.
“It looks as if Molly suspected a connection,” Abby proclaimed, staring at the family tree.
Elmer was reading the various newspaper articles and obituaries.  Molly had articles going as far back as Mayra attack.  He recognized the articles about the Newsomes, but there were other articles and names he did not know.  “Jim, are any of these familiar to you?”
“No,” Jim replied.  Stone had already removed the newspaper articles about the men found in the woods dead after Mayra’s attack during the first visit to Molly.
The box contained other keepsakes, locks of hair, baby teeth, and a few birthday cards.  Everything else looked innocuous.  “Looks like we a lot of reading to do,” Rudy announced looking at Abby and the stack of journals.  “I will take these things upstairs, Abby.  We have some bedtime reading for a few nights.”

It took Rudy and Abby a couple of nights skimming through Molly’s journals.  When Rudy had found Molly after Mayra was attacked, Molly was a young widow.  Her husband had died suddenly, and she needed a job.  Rudy had made an arrangement with Molly to apply for the housekeeper position with the Newsomes.  Molly was to ask for a meager wage and Rudy would supplement it.
The journals revealed many surprises.  Molly had murdered her husband for the insurance money.  Unable to conceive children on her own, she eagerly accepted Rudy’s offer to help take care of Mayra and later her child.  Molly had always taken care of Gracey as if she was her own.  But after several years of caring for Mayra, Molly wanted Gracey for her own.  And she had fallen in love with John Newsome.
Molly tried unsuccessfully to sabotage Dr. Robertson’s treatment of Mayra; shorting doses of medication and even substituting the medication with placebos.  But Molly did not know the monthly shots to keep Mayra from turning wolf were counteracting her attempt to shorten Mayra’s life.
After eighteen years of caring for Mayra, Molly found her way to remove Mayra from the equation.  She had discovered Gracey was not John’s daughter, and Gracey’s biological father, Rafer, wanted her.  While she loved Gracey, Molly loved John more, and if Gracey had to be collateral damage, so be it.  So Molly made a deal with Rafer.  Rafer would have Mayra killed, and Molly would help Rafer claim Gracey.
But Molly’s plan backfired on her.  Just before Gracey’s eighteenth birthday, John was set up for murder by Rafer’s men.  Then Rudy took over Gracey’s protection, and Rafer’s plans were put on hold.  When Gracey and Stone went to visit Molly, asking for a photo, Molly became angry and jealous.  She felt she had lost everything, her job, and the man she loved.  Why did Gracey have the right to have a happy ending when Molly had nothing?  Molly contacted the devil twins and set the kidnapping plan in motion.  When the first attempt failed, Molly contacted them again when she learned Elmer, and Jim would be out of town for a few days.
Abby and Rudy were stunned.  For twenty-five years, Molly had duped everyone and in the end betrayed Gracey.  “How are we going to tell everyone?” Abby asked Rudy.
“I am not even going to think about it tonight,” Rudy replied.  He had other things on his mind.  “When do you think the antidote is going to start taking effect?” Rudy asked Abby remembering her eating the lavender colored rose petals and changing the subject.
“I am not sure, but my senses are more heightened,” Abby answered.  “My hearing is better as is my sense of smell and taste.  It has been a long time since I have been able to see in the dark,” Abby added.  “The boys will be showing Charles how they change Saturday night.  I might go and watch.  Maybe their turning will make a connection with my wolf and help the process.  I doubt I will be able to turn, but I need to become attuned with my inner wolf again.  I need to be ready and able to turn on the full moon.  If I can turn before then, it will be easier.  Otherwise, the turn on the full moon will be more painful.”
“Painful?” Rudy blurted out.  “Turning is painful?”
“The first time, when you are learning how to relax and release yourself to the wolf, it can be.  But after the turn, there is no pain.  And then subsequent turns will be easy.  Most humans and wolves are just afraid to change the first time, so they do not relax.  It is all about relaxing and letting it happen.  And right now, I am not exactly at ease about turning again,” Abby explained.
Rudy wanted to ask more questions, but he did not want to reveal to Abby his plan to turn.  He would wait until the last minute, but he had a plan he knew would work.  Rudy wanted to spend another sixty years with the love of his life.

“Gracey, I know we promised no more secrets and no more lies,” Abby told her during breakfast.  “But Rudy and I have learned who has been helping the pack to claim you.  It is up to you whether we disclose who it was.  Stone the same offer is available to you.”
Gracey and Stone looked at each other.  “I am not sure I want to know.  I am not sure I want to know who has betrayed me especially if it is someone I know.  Is it someone in the family or in the household?” Gracey asked.
“No,” Rudy replied.
“Then I don’t want to know.  This house and its occupants are my family and friends.  As long as I can trust them; I do not want to know,” Gracey told Rudy.
“I wish I felt the same way as Gracey.  I need to know.  But if me knowing, leads Gracey to believe I am keeping a secret, then I will not ask who it is,” Stone answered even though he already suspected it was Molly.
“If you want to know, I will not consider it a secret.  I am sorry, but I don’t want to know,” Gracey told Stone.  "It will hurt too much."
“I will let you know who it was later when we brief Jim and Elmer,” Rudy advised Stone.
After breakfast, Gracey retired to her suite with a few magazines Billy had picked up with the grocery order.  Gracey had decided to start early with Stone’s idea to plan next year’s garden.  Gracey was marking pages and making a few sketches.  She found some colorful perennials she wanted to add to the garden.  She even tossed around the thought of a vegetable garden behind the house near the stable.  She adored a salad made with fresh vegetables.  Gracey marked some arbors and benches she liked.
The rest of the family was in the study discussing the collaborator.  When Rudy confirmed to Elmer, it was Molly, Elmer was the one feeling betrayed.  Then he was angry.  “She’s my kin," Elmer yelled.  "I cannot believe she did this!”
As Rudy told everyone what he and Abby had read in Molly’s journal, the shock continued.  “She killed Corey?!?  Omigod!” Elmer called out.  “I bet she poisoned him too.”
“I suggest you minimize your contact with Molly,” Jim cautioned Elmer.  “And be careful what you say when she does call.  I wouldn’t reveal any plans the family makes.”  
Afraid Gracey would ask him who the spy was and equally uncomfortable knowing something she did not want to know Stone avoided Gracey until lunch time.  Gracey was so distracted with the gardening magazines she did not realize how much time she had spent on her garden project until Ms. McFarlin announced lunch.
Gracey entered the room, and everyone tried not to look her direct, eye to eye.  “Okay, let’s shoo the giant elephant out of the room.  If you feel like you keeping a secret, you are not.  I just do not want to know who it was.  As long as I don’t have to see this person, I don’t care!”  Everyone nodded, and lunch was served.

Later that night, after the family had retired, Abby sought out Jim and Elmer.  “I feel the antidote starting to work.  Maybe, if I can relax and my wolf can connect with your wolves; it will help me to change.  Can we try?” Abby asked a bit apprehensive and hopeful.
Jim and Elmer turned.  In their wolf forms, their awareness of Abby’s nervousness was more evident.  Maybe, if we concentrate on speaking to her wolf, Elmer suggested to Jim telepathically.
Jim and Elmer sat quietly, making eye contact with Abby, sending telepathic messages.  Just relax.  We are here for you.  You have done this before.  They repeated the messages over and over.
Suddenly Abby jerked, wide-eyed.  Had she heard something or did she just feel it?  Did she hear Jim and Elmer’s thoughts, or were they just her own?  Abby looked at Jim and then at Elmer.  Jim in his wolf form was gray with ultraviolet eyes.  Elmer was almost jet black with two white paws on his forelegs.
It had been almost twenty-four years since the last time Abby had turned.  She started taking the shots a year after Dr. Robertson had started giving the shots to Mayra.
Abby tried to remember what she looked like in wolf form.  Most wolves resembled their human form, in either skin tone or hair color.  In human form, she had yellow blonde hair, much like Gracey and the same emerald green eyes.  They were both female Henriksons.  Abby thought about the light apricot fur of her youth.  She remembered how it felt to feel the wind bristle through her fur when she ran; how exciting it felt to run full speed; how liberated she felt running as a wolf.  She remembered how strong she was.
Abby saw a flash; a spark; a connection to Jim and Elmer.  Their wolves had connected.  Once the connection was made, their wolves were able to take over and control the messages; the conversation.
Do you want to run?  Do you want to hunt?  Do you want to protect your family?
The last question rang true to Abby’s human heart and soul and to her wolf’s instinct to protect and survive.  Yes! Abby’s wolf called back.  Then turn! Jim and Elmer demanded.
Abby felt the turn start and knew to relax.  But it had been too long since her last turn.  It felt like her first time.  Abby inhaled to scream and exhaled a howl.
You did it! Jim and Elmer growled.  Abby looked down at herself and with her perfect night vision saw her beautiful apricot fur.  Through her wolf teeth, Abby growled in contentment.
Ready to run? Jim asked Abby.
Abby had forgotten how good it felt to be in her wolf form.  Her body shuddered in satisfaction and took off running.  I will stay here, Elmer told Jim as Jim ran to catch up with Abby.
Running towards the woods, Jim asked Abby.  Did you want to hunt tonight?
I think I will wait.  Tonight I just want to run!  And Abby ran faster, stretching her legs as hard as she possibly could.  She ran through the creek, exhilarated by the feeling of the wind and water on her fur and laughed telepathically.  Jim laughed with Abby and took off ahead of her towards the meadow.  After a few laps around the meadow, they head back to the house.
Elmer was waiting for them in human form.  Since Abby had turned while still dressed, her clothes were lying on the ground shredded.  Elmer had found a pair of pajamas in the laundry room and had them ready for her.  The men turned their backs while Abby returned to her human form and dressed.
“Thank you, both,” Abby told them with a gigantic smile and returned to her suite.  After a quick shower and a change of clothing, she crawled into bed beside Rudy.
Rudy pretended to be asleep.  He had watched Abby turn into a wolf from the window.  He admired her beauty and gracefulness as a wolf, and her eyes, her intoxicating emerald green eyes.  He did not realize until that night just how much he had admired Abby and missed her, as a strong wolf.

Jim and Elmer had planned an exhibition for Charles for Saturday night.  They thought Charles seeing them turn wolf would be beneficial for his training and help to put him at ease.  The rest of the family would be there, as well.
Walking to the stables, Jim and Elmer explained they normally undressed first so they wouldn’t ruin their clothes.  Both had brought backpacks with extra clothing as they did want to embarrass Abby and Gracey by undressing in front of them.
Jim and Elmer continued explaining that Charles would need to relax and let the wolf take control.  The full moon would call to his inner wolf and pull it to the surface letting the turn happen.  The first turn was always on the first night of the full moon when its pull was strongest.  Both Jim and Elmer would be there for him in wolf form, and they would help call to the wolf.  All Charles had to do was relax.
“Relax?  But doesn’t it hurt?” Charles asked, almost whimpering like a new born puppy.
“Just the first time,” Elmer told Charles, laughing.  
“But once you turn the pain will go away, and you will feel better than you ever have,” Jim added.
“How can that be?” Charles wanted to know.
Jim looked at Charles for a moment and asked, “Remember when you were injured playing football?  How the needle going in would hurt, but once the painkillers took over there was no pain?”
Charles thought about it for a moment and nodded, “Makes sense, so my wolf is my anodyne.”
Elmer and Jim shook their heads at the comment and chuckled.
Jim turned to Elmer.  “Ready?”
Elmer nodded and counted backward “Three, two, one,” and they changed; Jim into his gray wolf form and Elmer was black; Jim with ultraviolet eyes and Elmer with glowing yellow eyes.
Charles, Stone, and Gracey were amazed and astounded how quickly it happened.
“Dammit, no one screamed or fainted,” Elmer said a bit disappointed.
“You owe me $20,” Jim growled.
Then without notice, Abby stepped forward and announced, “Watch this!”  And she turned.
Rudy stood proudly and smiling ear to ear.
“Omigod,” Gracey gasped.
“What the…?” Stone called out.  Watching Jim and Elmer turn and seeing them in wolf form was one thing; completely supernatural.  But seeing his mother turn into a wolf was overwhelming.  Once Stone recovered from the initial shock, he reveled in her beauty.
Abby walked over to Rudy and licked his hand.  Rudy laughed.  Not getting the reaction Abby had expected, she jumped up putting her paws on his shoulders and licked Rudy on the cheek and then nuzzled his neck.  “I love you too,” Rudy told Abby.
Landing back on the ground, Abby looked at the other two wolves.  Let’s hunt boys!  And the three ran towards the meadow.
The rest of the family stood silently for a few moments with Charles, Stone, and Gracey amazed.  Rudy chuckled again.  “A game of chess, anyone?” Rudy suggested and turned towards the house.  Gracey and Stone joined him while Charles took perimeter patrol.
The wolves headed through the woods, across the creek, and towards the meadow.  LeRoy Kincaid would not be there until the weekend before the full moon to deliver cattle.  They would actually need to hunt.  Salt licks were strategically placed, throughout the years, to attract deer to the meadow and a stream running through it.
The three slowed down as they neared the meadow; with their noses to the sky, they sniffed hoping to smell the scent of a deer or two.  Moving slowly, they listened for any sound which would indicate nearby prey.  Jim sensed a small harem of doe not far away.  Moving in closer, the three saw five does and their young near the stream.
Three, two, one, Jim called out, and the three raced towards the harem.  Elmer took down the biggest doe like a pro.  Jim held back to help Abby if needed.
Abby hesitated for a split second, but her wolf took over, and after a quick chase, Abby's jaws and teeth were soon deep in the neck of another doe.  The steam from the hot flesh and blood was incredible.  It had been twenty-four years since Abby's last hunt.  She had forgotten how delicious fresh venison tasted.  Abby ate like it was her first meal in days.
After the hunt, the three rinsed their fur in the stream and headed back to the house.  Abby had left a set of clothes in the stables unbeknownst to anyone.  The stables were not used and empty.  She mentally planned for a renovation, changing rooms and showers.  This would be a good place to turn in private, she thought.


Chapter 14 - Shots

Sunday morning after brunch, Jim was escorting Gracey around the garden while she cut a fresh bouquet of flowers for her room.  “I heard the howls last night,” Gracey told Jim.  “They reminded me of a howl I heard in Africa.  It was you, wasn’t it?” Gracey asked.
“Guilty as charged,” Jim confessed.  “The first day Stone arrived, that night, I could sense your anxiety and your fear.  I knew the things Stone was saying and what you were thinking was painful for you.  I had to find a release.  I needed to howl.  Once I turned, I thought about the animals on the reserve.  I always wanted to go on a real hunt; a real safari.”
“Did you kill those animals?” Gracey inquired.
“I am afraid so.  Elmer and I have been hunting cows in the meadow for years.  Occasionally, deer wander through, but I wanted to hunt, really hunt much like I did back in Colorado.”
“Cows?  Stone and I joked about hunting cows while we were reading Abby’s books.  Do you honestly hunt cows?” Gracey asked as she attempted to stifle a laugh.  
“Pretty lame, huh? Jim nodded.  "The first night I killed a couple of animals which had gotten close to the village.  I was not used to chasing African wildlife, and they, well, we got too close to the village and its denizens.  The second night, I went after the antelope which ruined the tour Stone took us on.  When Stone rushed you out of Africa, there were no more safaris, no more killings.”
Jim stopped and looked at Gracey.  “Are you afraid of me?” Jim asked with apprehension, fearful of her reply.
“I thought I would be,” Gracey confessed.  “But last night, when I saw you in wolf form, I wasn’t scared; especially when I saw Abby lick Rudy’s face.  It was so docile and loving.”

Dr. Robertson arrived late Friday to draw blood from Jim and Elmer.  He would use the blood to turn Charles into a wolf.  Charles had asked the entire family to be present for the event.  Celia declined.  Even though she had been ensured everything would be fine, Celia did not want to be nearby if anything went wrong.
Jim had sired Elmer, but Charles did not want to decide who his sire would be or even know who it would be.  For this reason, Dr. Robertson would draw blood from both Jim and Elmer.  Charles would pick a random vial.
Charles was a bit nervous not liking needles.  “Just think Gracey, now you will have three blood brothers.”
Gracey looked at Charles perplexed. “Three?”
“Rafer turned Jim, Jim turned Elmer, and now one of them will turn me.  All four of us will be connected, like blood brothers and sisters.”
“Brothers…wow my family is getting bigger by the minute,” Gracey replied with an uneasy smile.
Dr. Robertson pulled a vial of blood from both Jim and Elmer.  With his back to the group, he transferred both vials to new hypodermic needles.  Dr. Robertson had intentionally ensured the vials had the same color rubber stopper and had rolled them around in his hands several times to ensure anonymity.  Turning to Charles with a needle in each hand, Dr. Robertson asked, “Right or left?”
Charles stared at both needles and with a deep breath chose the one in Dr. Robertson’s left hand.  Dr. Robertson put the remaining needle onto the table behind him and moved to Charles to inject him with the blood.
Just as the needle entered Charles' arm and everyone was occupied with Dr. Robertson and Charles, Rudy stepped back quietly and picked up the second needle.  He pushed up his sleeve to inject himself with the remaining blood.
Abby noticed Rudy and the needle and knocked it out of his hand yelling out, “No one will turn you but me!”  Abby knocked Rudy to the ground and bit him on the shoulder.
The rest of the group froze, wide-eyed and open-mouthed.  Rudy lay on the floor calm and content, smiling; growling sexily in total satisfaction.  His plan had worked.  Rudy would spend another lifetime with the love of his life.

The weekend was spent preparing for the full moon.  It would be the first time turning for Rudy and Charles.  And Dr. Robertson would be giving Gracey and Stone their monthly shot.
Due to both Rudy and Charles turning, the security logistics were perplexing.  Normally a new wolf would have the help of their sire to guide them through the first turn.  But not knowing who Charles' sire was, it led to a conundrum.  Who would be coaching Charles through the change and who would stay behind in wolf form to protect Gracey?
It was finally decided both Jim and Elmer would be Charles’ coaches, and then one would stay behind.  The decision as to who would patrol would be determined at the last minute.  Abby would coach Rudy through the change.  Ms. Maple would sit with Gracey as normal.  Stone would take his shot and stay in his suite.
The full moon was the night before the Independence Day celebration; thus allowing everyone to sleep in late the next day.  The staff would prepare a late brunch, and then the family would cook out for dinner.
Rudy, Abby, Stone, and Gracey ate dinner together.  Stone and Gracey both had their customary rare steak.  Rudy and Abby ate a light dinner as both would be hunting later.  After dinner, Gracey and Stone went upstairs and prepared for Dr. Robertson and the inoculation to prevent them from changing into wolves.  Gracey would also be given a painkiller as the first day of her cycle coincided with the full moon. It was actually the shot which stopped the turn which caused the additional menstrual pain.
After dressing for bed, Stone and Gracey sat together in her suite pending Dr. Robertson's arrival.  It was their first time together getting the shot.  They were more apprehensive of each other's pain, instead of their own.  It had been decided they would spend the night in their own suites.  Gracey and Stone had not spent a night apart since the first kidnapping attempt, and neither was happy about being separated but knew it was for the best.  Seeing each other's torment would be agonizing for both of them.  Gracey hoped now that she knew the reason for the pain and was mentally ready for it, she would be able to cope better.
Dr. Robertson arrived and gave Gracey her shots first.  Her torture commenced almost immediately.  The opiates barely dulled the pain.  Stone looked at Dr. Robertson and yelled, “Make it stop.”  
Dr. Robertson replied, “You know there is only one way, and it is her decision to make; not yours.”
Gracey let Stone know she would be fine; tomorrow.  "I have done this every month since I turned fourteen, I can do it again,” Gracey reassured Stone through her clenched teeth.
Dr. Robertson then gave Stone his shot.  While Stone felt some discomfort, his wolf fighting its submission, Stone knew his pain was nothing compared to Gracey's suffering.  Ms. Maple escorted Dr. Robertson out and then instructed Stone to go to his suite.  Ms. Maple would watch over Gracey.  Stone was disinclined to obey but left.  Thirty minutes later Stone was back at Gracey's side.  He could not bear the separation.
The would-be pack gathered at the stable.  Abby had set up a makeshift dressing room for her privacy while changing.  Growing up in a pack, she was used to the males of the pack stripping and turning in front of her, but the group decided Abby would change inside the stable when it was her time to turn.
Jim and Elmer gave Charles one more pep talk and turned into their wolf forms.  Abby stayed human to help by talking to Charles until his inner wolf connected with Jim and Elmer.  Then, whoever was taking perimeter watch would turn human, and Abby would turn wolf, so she could connect with Rudy's inner wolf and guide him.
Abby started talking to Charles.  “Just relax.  The pull of the moon will make the change for you.  Since it is the first full moon after the summer solstice, the moon's pull will be stronger.  Jim and Elmer's inner wolves will magnify the pull.  Just breathe and relax.”
It took a few minutes before Charles could hear one of the wolves.  At first, he could not tell if it was Jim or Elmer.  But whoever it was, he was telling him to hurry, it was hungry.  Charles laughed, and as he did, the change happened, and Charles howled in pain and relief almost simultaneously.
Well, it is about time, Charles heard and then another voice, Kudos on being a new father, Elmer!
Father? Elmer called out.
Yes, the new wolf always hears his sire first so congrats, it is a bouncing baby wolf.  It is time for me to get dressed.  I have guard duty tonight.  Jim sauntered behind the stable, to turn human and redress.
"Charles got Elmer's blood,” Abby announced to Rudy and then addressed Jim.  "They are both going to be mad we did not fill them in on that tidbit of information.  Who won the bet, Jim?"
"Elmer did," Jim replied slightly miffed about losing twenty dollars.
"Let me turn, and we will get this husband of mine on all fours,” Abby smirked with a touch of arrogance and walked into the stable to turn.
As Charles made the turn, both Gracey and Stone could feel it.  Gracey cried out in pain.  Stone cringed as well but hearing Gracey’s scream, he sat up.  “I can feel them,” Gracey told Stone.  “I felt Charles turn.”
“I did too,” Stone confirmed.  They sat on the bed holding each other while waiting for the pain to abate.
Elmer and Charles arrived in the meadow first.  We have a few cows delivered as wildlife is scarce in this area.  Sometimes a few deer wanders through, but cows are delivered to ensure we have fresh meat.  I prefer the venison, but in the summer, we do not see as many deer.
I normally like my steak well done, Charles complained, wincing.
Once you get your teeth into that cow, you will feel like you have never truly tasted beef before.  Your wolf needs the fresh meat, and blood, so aim for the neck and chomp down hard.  Do not think about it.  Just let your wolf take control and go along for the ride.
I thought real wolves went for the hind leg, to cripple their prey? Charles asked.
We are bigger than real wolves, Elmer replied.  We can use our size to our advantage.  Crippling the animal takes too long.  This is so much quicker, plus the first drink of blood from the carotid artery is the best.
Charles growled in disapproval but took a deep breath.  He cleared his mind, and without realizing it, he found himself leaping through the air and landing open-mouthed on the cow’s neck.  He buried his teeth into the cow and at the first taste of blood and hot meat, he growled in contentment.  Charles ate until he thought he would burst.  As a man, he could eat more than most, and as a wolf, he ate a more than he could imagine.  
I think I will be eating my steaks rare from now on, Charles declared completely sated.
Abby leaped out of the stable in her silky apricot fur.  “Are you ready, Rudy?” Jim asked.  Rudy nodded in affirmation and undressed.  Jim started the same instructions Abby had told Charles.
Abby’s wolf was calling to Rudy’s inner wolf.  Come on sweetie, time to play!  Rudy was ready to turn.  He had been ready for decades.  Rudy looked at the moon and then to his beautiful wife and with one deep breath turned.
It was not bad at all, Rudy thought.
“Great job, Rudy,” Jim told him.  “You turned like a pro.”
Gracey turned to Stone, “Did you feel that?”
“Yes,” Stone replied.  “It hurt him but not much at all, and he was happy,” he added.
“It was your father.  I guess it doesn’t hurt so much if you just relax.”
Stone looked out the window.  He saw his mother in her apricot fur and his father jumping and playing.  “Come look, Gracey.  Look how happy they are.”  
Gracey looked out the window.  “They are happy.  It’s actually romantic.”  Stone and Gracey both smiled.
Gracey returned to the bed.  Standing, even for a few seconds, the pain was nearly unbearable.  Stone lay beside Gracey and softly caressed her abdomen.  “Just relax,” Stone whispered softly.  Stone glanced at Ms. Maple, and she nodded and smiled in understanding.  Gracey would be fine, as long as Stone was there with her.  Soon they were asleep in each other’s arms.
Abby and Rudy took their time getting to the meadow.  They were having fun nipping, licking, nudging, and frolicking with each other.  They arrived just as Elmer and Charles were finishing a cow between the two of them.
Let’s grab a drink from the stream and give those two a bit of privacy, Elmer suggested.  Charles growled in agreement, and they loped away.
Are you ready to eat? Abby asked Rudy.
Hungry enough to eat a cow, Rudy laughed.
Good because that is what we are having for dinner, Abby announced.
Ladies first, Rudy offered gentlemanly, but Abby declined.  
You have to do this.  It is a crucial part of your first turn.  Abby had already coached Rudy on his first kill, and with a low growl he landed as planned and brought down his first prey.
I guess everyone is eating steak tonight, Rudy quipped.
Abby and Rudy had barely started eating when they heard the 4th of July fireworks start a night early.  They looked up and watch the colors bursting above them.  Wow, that was loud! Rudy told Abby.
Yes, loud noises can be annoying for us in wolf form; even in our human form.  Our hearing is much better, Abby reminded Rudy.
Abby could hear Jim while on patrol, through the noise.  It is okay Jim, it is just some fireworks.  You can head on back.  Rudy and I will be back a bit later, Abby told Jim.
Abby and Rudy watched the fireworks for a while and returned to their dinner.  After dinner and a drink from the spring fed stream, they laid down to enjoy each other’s company and the occasional fireworks display.
Is it just me or are the fireworks getting closer? Rudy asked.
It is getting closer, Abby replied.  We should head home, she suggested.  Both stood on all fours and paused to lick and nuzzle each other.  Suddenly a shot rang out.  It was closer than they expected.
Poachers, Rudy growled in anger knowing someone was trespassing.
Rudy and Abby looked around and could see the beams from several large flood lights coming from the woods north of them, preventing them from leaving the meadow.  The meadow was surrounded by a wooded area on one side.  The remainder of the meadow was surrounded by a bluff which was impossible to climb or transverse.  They were trapped.
Follow me, Abby told Rudy as she sprinted towards the bluff along the stream.  Another shot rang out, and Abby stumbled to the ground.  Rudy caught up to Abby and saw blood coming from her hip.
Get up, Rudy growled at Abby urgently.  We have to hide.
Abby stood and limped.  I know where.  Abby ran out of the sight of the spotlight and then straight towards the bluff.  She circled back toward the stream and found the spot she was searching for.  Follow me, she repeated and darted behind a large rock and into a small cave.
Are you okay? Rudy asked Abby, protectively and with worry.
It stings a bit, but with it being a normal bullet, not a silver bullet, I will be okay in a few hours.  We can hide here until they leave and then head home, Abby reassured Rudy.
Abby and Rudy lay quietly in the cold, wet cave.  They could hear two or three ATVs speeding around the meadow, making lots of noises and shooting off the weapons.  They will tire soon, and we will be in our warm, dry bed in no time, Abby told Rudy, moving closer to him trying to stay warm.
Please relax for a bit and give yourself some time to heal.  I will wake you when they leave, Rudy suggested.  Abby was hesitant but knew a short nap would help her heal faster.  Her wolf would not allow her to turn back to a human.  It would ensure her survival.  Abby closed her eyes and forced herself to sleep.
Several hours had passed, and both Abby and Rudy had fallen asleep.  Abby was healing, and Rudy was fatigued from his first turn.  Jim was still patrolling the house and had not seen the couple return.  He checked the stable and Abby's clothes were still there.  Jim quickly changed into his wolf form and tried to reach out to the two of them telepathically.  Nothing.
Jim turned human and woke up Elmer.  “Rudy and Abby have not returned,” Jim yelled out while Elmer looked at the clock.  “They should have been back by now.  Their clothes are still in the stable, and I am not picking up their scent coming back into the house,” Jim advised.
“We better check their suite first, before we head out on a wild goose chase,” Elmer suggested.  Together they headed to Rudy and Abby's suite.  After knocking and not getting a response, Jim opened the door.  Their bed had not been slept in.  Jim and Elmer spun around and headed back to the stairs.
Gracey’s pain killers had worn off early, and she was awake.  She heard a commotion in the hallway, and opened the door of her suite and stepped into the hall to investigate.  Jim and Elmer came to a quick halt.  “They’re not back,” Jim announced not thinking first.  
“Stone, wake up.  Your parents are missing,” Gracey called out.
“Where could they be?” Stone wondered, trying not to be alarmed.  
“We left them in the meadow,” Jim told Stone.
“The meadow, what meadow?” Stone asked as he had never explored the entire property.
Gracey looked up, having an epiphany.  “Did you say the meadow?” Gracey asked.  “Do you mean ‘Stone Meadow’?
“Stone Meadow?” Jim asked.
“I was reading one of Abby’s books.  It was written after Stone was born.  Abby wrote of a Stone Meadow and a spring fed stream and a cave.  Does this sound familiar?” Gracey asked.
“There are lots of rocks in the meadow, and there is a stream.  But I have never seen a cave,” Jim told the group.
“I think I know where it is.  Abby described it extremely well in her book, and I have a good mental image of where it is.  Let me get dressed,” Gracey told everyone ignoring the pain she was still experiencing.  “Wait here.”
Stone ran down the hall and quickly dressed, as well.  Soon the four were headed to the meadow.  Elmer had turned wolf, and the other three were in Jim’s Jeep MW3.  Elmer went the normal route to the meadow while the Jim drove the Jeep to the main road and then to the gate Mr. Kincaid used to deliver the cows.
The chain was cut, and the gate was open.  “This is not good,” Jim declared alarmed.  “Sometimes poachers or hunters come out here.  It’s been rare over the years, but with it being a holiday, some drunken kids probably broke in.”
Jim sped down the dirt road and soon entered the meadow.  The sun was barely coming up.  Elmer was still in wolf form and met them at the point the access road met the meadow.  Stone was using the flood light to search the meadow.
“Follow the stream to the bluff,” Gracey commanded.  “The water in the stream is supplied by a natural spring under a cave in the bluff.”
“Are you sure?” Jim asked.
“I am positive.  This is the meadow from the book.  I know it is.  Just go where I tell you,” Gracey asserted.
Jim followed the stream until Gracey told him to stop.  She jumped out of the Jeep and ran behind a large boulder which was close to the face of the bluff.  “Where did she go?” Jim exclaimed as Gracey disappeared from sight.
The men followed Gracey’s path.  They heard her call out.  “They’re in here, asleep.”
“Asleep?”  Stone asked.
“Yes, both are still in wolf form.  Why would they still be in wolf form?” Gracey wondered aloud.  In the dark of the cave, she could not see the reason.  Her calling out to the others caused Rudy to awaken.  Rudy rose and nudged Gracey out of the cave with his nose.
Jim always carried extra clothes in the Jeep and pulled out some sweats pants out of the duffle bag behind the driver's seat.  Rudy turned human and quickly dressed.  “Hand me a flashlight,” Rudy told Jim, “and a blanket.  Abby is still asleep.”
“Still asleep?” Stone asked.
“She was shot last night,” Rudy stated calmly.
“Shot?  Omigod, is she okay?”  Stone asked, visibly traumatized.
“I'm sure she is fine.  Abby has been sleeping in her wolf form all night and should be healed.  Gracey, please go into the cave with me.  I want to wake Abby, and we will determine if it safe for her to turn human,” Rudy replied confidently.
When Gracey and Rudy went back into the cave, Rudy shined the flashlight on Abby’s hip.  It was matted with blood, but he could not see a wound.  Rudy sat on the ground of the cave and gently took Abby’s face in his hands and whispered, “It’s okay to wake up now my love.  You are healed.”  It was the sweetest thing Gracey had ever seen.  Rudy’s love for Abby was genuine and deep.
Abby slowly opened her eyes and being in wolf form could see perfectly.  She was a bit groggy, and a soft growl emanated from her throat.  She looked up and seeing Rudy, she licked his face.  “Your wound has healed, my darling.  Are you ready to turn human?  We have brought you a blanket.”
Abby did not move.  “Abby, your fur is covered with blood.  If I carry you out of here with all the blood dried and matted in your fur, your son is going to faint.  But if you turn, you can walk out wrapped in a blanket, and no one will see the blood.  So what is it going to be?”
Abby stood on all four legs and moved around to walk off the stiffness of the cold, wet cave.  She moved towards the entrance, to give herself headroom and turned human.  Rudy wrapped Abby in the blanket and walked her out of the cave.
Stone ran up to his mother in a panic.  “Are you okay?  Does it hurt?  Do we need to call Dr. Robertson?”
Abby looked around.  “I am fine.  How did you find us?” Abby asked.
“You wrote about the cave in one of your books.  As soon as Jim and Elmer said they last saw you in the meadow, I knew where you were,” Gracey replied.
Abby looked at Jim and Elmer amazed.  “You did not know the cave?” Abby asked amused.
“Guess we have been too busy eating,” Elmer replied shamefully.
“Let’s go home,” Rudy announced.  “I need a long hot shower and some breakfast.  I am hungry.”
Abby popped Rudy on the arm and joked, “Thought you ate half a cow last night.”
Once at the house, Rudy took a quick shower and met the men in the dining room.  He had Ms. McFarlin prepare extra coffee and some eggs and ham for the boys.  Abby stayed in their suite and prepared herself a hot bath.  Gracey stayed in the dining room sipping her cappuccino and listening to the rest of the story.
Knowing what it was like to be shot and the mental anguish, Gracey set up a tray with a coffee service and carried it to Abby.  “Sorry to barge in,” Gracey told Abby as she entered the en suite bathroom.  “But I thought you might enjoy some hot coffee.  Plus, I am here if you need to talk.  I will sit here as long as you need me.”
Abby stared at the ceiling, depressed and despondent.  She picked up the cup of coffee and after a few sips looked at Gracey.  “It hurt; getting shot hurts.  Now I know how you felt, and I did not even get shot with a silver bullet.”
Gracey nodded but stayed silent.  She knew Abby needed to talk, to get it out of her system.
“It was supposed to be one of Rudy’s best nights.  He had finally gotten his wish, to turn wolf.  We were having so much fun until those yahoos showed up.  I knew we were in trouble and headed for the cave, but I got in the path of one of the spotlights, and the bastard shot me.”
Gracey tried not to laugh.  But she had never heard Abby use profanity before.
“Are you still in pain?” Gracey asked.
“No,” Abby replied.  “I am totally healed, but I will have a small mark on my hip, nothing serious, though.  I just feel awful for Rudy.”
“I wouldn’t worry about him,” Gracey advised.  Abby looked at Gracey puzzled.  “Rudy is downstairs with the boys whooping it up and telling his first war story.  Other than the part where you got shot, it was the best night of his life.”  Gracey could not restrain herself and laughed.  She looked at Abby and said, “I am sorry.”
Then Abby started laughing too.  “I bet he is down there telling them he saved my life,” Abby deduced.  Gracey nodded and laughed again.  “Well, then I better get dressed and go downstairs and let him play the hero.”  Abby rolled her eyes and laughed some more.  "Men."

The staff spent the morning prepping for the late afternoon cookout and left promptly at eleven to be with their families for the holiday.  Salads and side dishes along with relish trays and vegetable platters had been prepared.  The cooler was filled with beer and wine and iced down.  Everything had been laid out.  A couple of pork shoulders had already been placed on the rotisseries of the grills earlier in the morning on a low heat, so minimal supervision was required.
By mid-afternoon, the aroma of the pork cooking made everyone hungry.  The grills had been set up near the corner of the house between the kitchen entrance and the pool.  The boys were hanging out, drink beer, and pretending to watch the grill.  Stone and Gracey joined the trio.
Gracey was curious.  “I have seen Jim and Elmer in wolf form.  Jim is gray, and Elmer is black.  What color is Charles?”
“He’s chestnut with yellow eyes,” Elmer replied.
“It makes sense with his deep reddish-brown hair and darker complexion,” Gracey stated.
“What color was my father?” Stone inquired.  “I couldn’t tell in the dark.”
“Silver, not gray.  Silver with pale blue eyes, very...handsome,” Gracey answered, blushing.  She never imagined she would think of a wolf as being handsome.
“I wonder what color I will be,” Gracey thought aloud.
Everyone stopped in their tracks.  “What?  We thought you didn’t want to turn.” Jim queried.
“I didn’t but then this morning...when I saw the connection between Rudy and Abby.  I was jealous.  Stone and I have a connection because we are in love, but this is on a human level.  But what I saw this morning was deeper, so much deeper; almost spiritual.”
The men just looked at each other but stayed silent.  Turning wolf would need to be Gracey’s choice.  They would not influence her decision.  And Stone would follow Gracey’s decision, no matter what it was.
Shortly before dinner time Abby and Rudy joined the group.  The men brought out the rest of the food, and soon the seven were enjoying the grilled pork.  Rudy was still hungry from his first turn as was Charles.  As the two went back for their fourth plate of food, everyone broke down hysterically laughing.  Rudy and Charles looked at everyone bewildered.
“Maybe we should have roasted a whole cow,” Abby blurted out.
“Look who’s talking,” Rudy retorted.  “You ate two heaping plates of food yourself and half of Ms. McFarlin’s three layer chocolate cake.”
After relaxing for a while, the boys challenged each other to a cannonball contest.  They stripped to their swim trunks, and Elmer was the first one off the diving board.  Charles being the biggest of the three was clearly winning the contest, but no one truly cared.  Soon Rudy and Stone joined in.  It was hot, and a dip in the pool was a welcome relief from the July heat.
Gracey and Abby lay in the chaise lounges watching the shenanigans and laughing.  Everyone was having fun.  “So this is what it is like to have a big family,” Gracey thought aloud.  The ladies looked at each other and smiled in contentment.
Lone Hill and the surrounding county did not put on a public fireworks celebration.  Therefore, individual households or groups would purchase their own fireworks and set them off.  As the sun lowered on the horizon, the first of the fireworks commenced.
The first volley was unexpected, and both Gracey and Abby jumped.  “Fireworks,” they announced simultaneously and lay back and tried to relax.  The nearest neighbor was miles away so the bang from the fireworks would not be too loud.  Soon they could hear fireworks coming from different parts of the surrounded area.  As their neighbor’s displays become more intense, so did the noise echoing, through the lower lying areas and ravines.  Abby and Gracey tried to ignore the sounds around them, but they were becoming jittery; more on edge.
They looked at each other, and as if they could read each other’s minds they took each other's hand and stood.  “Wedding dresses,” Abby announced as an explanation.  “We are going to look at wedding dresses.”  And the two ran inside.
“So this is what PTSD feels like,” Gracey asked rhetorically, as they both tried to calm their breathing.
Abby urged Gracey along.  “Come with me.  I need to show you something.”
Gracey followed Abby into the master suite and then into Abby’s closet.  Three wedding dresses had been delivered from Merriman’s Boutique.  “We can look at them tonight, but we will wait until tomorrow to try them on.  I will have Amelia come over to assist.”
Abby opened each bag and gave Gracey a glimpse each of the dresses.  “They are all so beautiful,” Gracey exclaimed smiling.  “But aren’t they a bit formal?  We are still having a small ceremony, right?” Gracey asked.
“Just because the ceremony will be small and intimate, it doesn’t mean you should have to get married without a proper dress.  You only get married once!  I cannot deprive Stone of seeing his bride walking towards him dressed like a princess on his wedding day.  Plus, I am selfish.  I do not have a daughter of my own, so please do not deprive me the joy and excitement of planning a wedding,” Abby begged.


Chapter 15 - I Quit!

The next afternoon Amelia arrived after lunch with a bag of foundation garments that would be needed for each of the dresses.  The three ladies went to Abby’s suite, and the fashion show began.  Abby had brought in several stand-up mirrors and placed them around the room so Gracey could get a full view of herself in a dress.
Amelia pulled the first dress out of the garment bag.  She knew each gown would be perfect for Gracey.  Much like Alfred, Amelia knew fashion and what would look best on everyone.
The dress was pure white. It was a strapless gown with a ruched chiffon bodice which finished with a pretty sweetheart neckline.  There was a rosette-trimmed ruffle which cascaded down the back of the skirt finishing in a floor-sweeping train.
Amelia and Abby helped Gracey step into the dress.  It fit perfectly, and Gracey was…beautiful was too common a word for the image.  Gracey looked at herself in the mirrors and smiled as if she had just turned into a princess.  Amelia took several pictures of Gracey in the gown to help Gracey decide between the three gowns.
The second dress was a stunning organza gown with a gathered overlay highlighting the sweetheart neckline.  It also had a layered ruffle which cascaded from a back rosette; with crinoline tulle which added volume to the flared mermaid skirt which ended with a remarkable train.  Gracey again looked stunning.
The third dress had a sheer beaded mesh top above a dramatic silk gown with a beaded mesh overlay bodice which flowed into a floor-grazing satin-faced georgette skirt with pleats for added fullness.  The dress sparkled like Gracey’s eyes.
After trying on all three gowns, Gracey dressed while Amelia and Abby downloaded the photos Amelia had taken onto Abby’s laptop.  The decision would be difficult.  Each dress was perfect for Gracey.
Amelia and Gracey then went into Abby’s closet, to close up each garment bag.  Gracey was still amazed by Abby’s closet and was sneaking a peek at Abby’s evening gowns.  Suddenly back in the corner, she saw a garment bag as large as the ones Amelia was zipping.  It was white, and she saw the word ‘bridal’ on it.
“Abby, is that your wedding dress?” Gracey asked, pointing to the corner.
“Oh yes, I had forgotten about it,” Abby replied nonchalantly.
“Can I see it?” Gracey asked.
“Sure,” Abby answered.
Gracey and Amelia retrieved the bag and Amelia removed the dress and hung it on the hook.  The dress was spectacular.  It had the all the things Gracey liked about the other three dresses all in one.  Her eyes lit up.  “Can I try it on, just for fun, of course,” Gracey asked.
“Why not?” Abby answered.  “I never had a daughter to play dress up with.  This is fun.”
The dress was strapless with a chiffon bodice and a sweetheart neckline.  There was beading of tiny pearls and emerald green stones along the bodice.  The satin skirt was full with a stunning train.
Gracey stepped into the dress and looked into the mirror.  “Omigod,” the three said in unison.  “Is it just me or is Gracey glowing?” Abby asked.
“If I believed in fairy tales, I would swear it was magical,” Amelia replied.
Gracey was not wearing the dress, the dress was wearing Gracey.  It was beyond perfect, and they all knew it.  Gracey looked back at Abby but could not utter the words.  Tears were streaming down Abby’s face while she smiled.  “I always hoped I would have a daughter to pass the dress on to.  Do you want to wear it for your wedding?”
Gracey ran to Abby.  “Thank you, thank you, thank you,” was all Gracey could say.
“Well, we better get this off of you and cleaned and pressed.  It has been hanging in the back of this closet for over thirty years,” Abby told Gracey.
“I will take care of everything, Mrs. Rudolph,” Amelia advised.  “I am assuming no veil.  I will pick out the appropriate undergarments and accessories.  Do you want white shoes?  I am thinking white satin with a two-inch heel.  And, of course, a blue garter.  Something old, something new, something borrowed, something blue as the saying goes.  I will leave the new to the family.
“I will take this dress with me to check the beading and to get it cleaned and pressed.  I will have everything delivered together.  Give me a couple of weeks.  I want everything to be perfect,” Amelia added.
Between the three of them, they loaded everything into Amelia’s SUV.  Abby and Gracey found Stone and Rudy in Rudy’s office discussing business.
“We have to decide on the family dynamic and everyone’s jobs.  I have been working from home, but the two of you, along with Jim and Elmer have been on a paid leave of absence from Rudolph, Inc. for a while now.  HR and finance are starting to get suspicious,” Rudy was explaining.
“They know I will be working from home from now on, but we have to set up some regular work hours and duties for us all.  Stone and Gracey have been out of the office for over six weeks, since May 29.  Jim and Elmer moved in on June 11.  Charles is no issue has he is employed personally by me,” Rudy continued.
“Once we make a decision about you and Gracey, we will need to talk to Jim and Elmer,” Rudy told Stone.
“Gracey, I know you want to earn your keep, but I do not know how to keep you on the payroll and justify it will HR and the Finance department.  So, I want you to quit,” Rudy stated bluntly.
“Quit?” Gracey exclaimed in dismay.
“Yes.  You will help Abby run the household, and we will pay you a weekly stipend out of the household coffers.  Another option is to have Dr. Robertson put you out on medical leave until the wedding and have you collect short-term disability.”
“No way, I am doing that.  Those bitches in the basement will have me knocked up and hiding in a home for unwed mothers.  It’s not going to happen!” Gracey screamed.  She turned to Abby without hesitation.  “I guess you have an apprentice,” Gracey surrendered.  Rudy laughed so hard he had to stop for a moment, to regain composure.
“Okay, onto Stone.  I am going to need an assistant.  Your pay will be the same.  I will rewrite your job description.  We have been making it up as we went along, but now it is time for you to learn my job.  You will be taking over Rudolph, Inc. when I retire.
“We will be keeping normal business hours, starting next Monday.  It will be the effective date for the changes.  Oh and, by the way, the dress code will be business casual, no jeans.  And Abby, we will talk about those unauthorized breaks of yours later,” Rudy winked.
“I will have my office moved out to the guest house.  Stone and I will share the space.  Everything is already wired and with digital security in place; so not much will need to be done,” Rudy added.  “This way we can separate our workspace from the house.  It should help us stay on task.”
“Gather up the boys, and we will talk to them,” Rudy instructed.
Jim, Elmer, and Charles entered the study.  Rudy explained the Rudolph, Inc. concerns to them.
“Charles, you are my personal driver, so this won’t affect you.  But now you are a part of the family…the pack…I am not sure what we are.  Regardless, you need to know about the decisions made today.
“Jim and Elmer, this affects the two of you the most.  Elmer, I will be keeping you on as a security guard for the home office.  I can still pay you what you were earning working at the office.  You still have a place to live, here with us.
“Jim, your situation is a bit more difficult.  I do not need a trainer here at the house.  And even if I set up virtual training sessions for our offshore facilities, I am not sure how I could justify why you are working here and not at the office."
“Elmer and I knew this day would come, Mr. Rudolph.  And I think we can help,” Jim started.  “You have been more than generous over the years with my double duties as a trainer and bodyguard for Gracey.  I have been able to save a bit of money over the years.  Elmer tells me, he has quite the nest egg himself.  Neither one of us is big on the creature comforts per se, so the quarters here on the grounds are more than adequate for our needs."
"So think about this, the two of us could work for the price of one, both as security for the home office on the books and the family off the books.  And then you can justify the cost with the finance officer.  Would it work?” Elmer asked.  “I do not know what you classify this group of ours, a pack, or a family.  Whatever we are, we are in this together, and we protect each other.”
Rudy was flabbergasted.  “This works for you, both of you?”  Both Elmer and Jim nodded yes.  “I will arrange it with HR, and they can start looking for a new trainer, well two actually.  Gracey, I expect your resignation by the end of tomorrow.”
Elmer, Charles, and Jim gasped with surprise.
“I will explain later,” Gracey told the men.
“Stone, we have three days to move me into the new Annex of Rudolph, Inc.  We are going to need some boxes,” Rudy instructed.  “And son, I get the big desk,” he added smugly.
The next morning Jim and Elmer went to Rudolph, Inc. and boxed up Jim’s personal belongings.  Gracey kept nothing at the office not even a photo in her pristine and professional cubicle, so there was nothing to collect from her desk.  Since Elmer was in his uniform, it gave the appearance Jim had been fired.  Jim explained he had a new job and was moving on.  The charade worked perfectly.  On the way out, Elmer delivered Gracey’s resignation to HR.
Everything was falling into place.  There would be rumors, but everyone knowing the truth was more dangerous.
Back at the Rudolph, Inc. Annex, everyone was busy moving furniture around and setting up the new facilities.  Rudy was ready to regain some semblance of normal.  Abby stood in awe.  As a human, Rudy was a born leader.  As a wolf, he was a force to be reckoned with.  My Alpha, Abby thought.  How sexy is he?  Oh yes, she would win the argument about the unauthorized breaks, she would make sure of it.  They had planned to bond that night.  The man does not have a chance.
The group rushed to get everything completely that day; stopping for only for lunch; wanting the weekend off.  Monday the Annex would officially open, and they would return to business as usual.
Elmer and Jim worked out the security rotation for the weekdays, and Charles agreed to fill in on the weekend rotations.  Elmer and Jim came up with a new design for the security uniforms.  Khaki slacks and emerald green golf shirts with ‘Rudolph, Inc.’ embroidered above the pocket in white.  They suggested the new uniform to Rudy, and he approved, writing a purchase order for the new uniforms.  Rudy suggested Charles be attired in a similar uniform but with ‘Emerald Knoll’ above the pocket.  Charles was thrilled; no more hot black jacket and cap.
Jim put in the order with the uniform supply company and paid out of his own pocket to have the uniform requisition completed and delivered by Tuesday morning.
The Annex was completed just in time for dinner.  After showers and a change of clothing, dinner was served.  Everyone ate heartily.  They had put in a full day of manual labor.
Gracey and Stone retired to Gracey’s suite as normal while Rudy and Abby retired to their suite.  Rudy and Abby had planned this night since Rudy tricked Abby into biting him.  After a relaxing bubble bath, Abby joined Rudy in the sitting area of the suite wearing a very sheer gown.  Rudy had already dimmed the lights and set up scented candles throughout the room.
Rudy could barely contain himself.  “Are you trying to kill me, woman?” Rudy asked, watching Abby saunter towards him.
“Not my plan but I thought tonight should be extra special,” Abby replied.  Then she noticed the chocolate dipped strawberries and the two champagne glasses on the table and giggled.  “I see I am not the only hopeless romantic.”
“I am not sure I need the champagne now,” Rudy whispered, as he sighed.  “You are so beautiful and sexy as hell!”
Abby moved into Rudy’s arms, and they left the champagne and strawberries untouched.  Rudy scooped Abby up into his arms and carried her to their bed.  It took less time to remove the gown than it took Abby to put it on.
After thirty years of marriage, Rudy and Abby were still deeply in love with each other.  Their lovemaking was slow and passionate.  They felt their momentum building, and as it did, they connected telepathically.  Without hesitation, they bonded.  The pain from the bites was euphoric.  For a moment, they felt as if their bodies were floating above the bed; it was spiritual.
As they released their bites, they both cried out in ecstasy; it was like their first time together.  “We should have bonded years ago!” they both exclaimed.
Stone and Gracey were at the far end of the house in Gracey’s suite.  “Did you hear that?” Gracey asked.
“I didn’t hear anything, but I sure felt it,” Stone replied.  They both blushed.  Just they had both felt Rudy’s pain and happiness the first time Rudy turned, they felt Rudy and Abby bond.  Stone and Gracey looked at each other perplexed.  Neither one asked the question aloud, but both were thinking it.  Why are we feeling their pain and their happiness?

Monday morning it was business as usual.  The Rudolph family arose, and the men dressed for work.  After breakfast, they walked to the Annex.  “I like the commute time,” Rudy smirked.  “And we can be home for lunch.”
Elmer and Charles met Rudy and Stone as the Annex.  Elmer had the first shift and was dressed in his Rudolph, Inc. security uniform.  Charles was in his usual black pants and white shirt.  But due to the July heat, his jacket and tie were on a hanger in the Annex closet.  They had set up a small reception area near the main entrance where Elmer could sit between walks around the building.  Charles normally sat in the corporation lobby, waiting for Rudy’s need for a driver.  So he had an area in the reception area, as well.
Rudy and Stone went to their respective desks and turned on their computers.  When they opened their emails boxes, they were overwhelmed.  “Are we that far behind?” Stone asked.
“You might be since all you have been doing is slacking off lately,” Rudy said sarcastically.  “Mine is not so bad,” he added.
Stone spent the morning reading emails and putting together a ‘to do list.'  Stone’s duties with the company had been varied, and he soon realized he was involved with too many segments of the business.  While he had learned a lot from the diversification, he was certain his father’s role as his mentor would streamline his duties.  But it would come later.
When the phone rang Rudy and Stone just looked at each.  “Are you going to answer that?” Rudy asked Stone rhetorically.  “You are the assistant, son.”
Stone reluctantly answered the phone, “Mr. Rudolph’s office.”
All Stone heard was laughter.  Rudy had set up the call with Elmer.  “You’ve been punked!” Elmer announced.
“Can I put a real assistant on the wish list?” Stone asked a bit tight-jawed.
“Don’t worry, Stone, that is a private line, and only the family members will have the number.  All other calls will go through my executive assistant, Ms. Calvert.  The bottom one is for family only.  The top is mine and then yours, and two additional outbound lines.  The new equipment will arrive next week, and Elmer will help with the setup.  We will each have private and business lines.  Then no more pranks.”
Then as if on cue the phone rang again.  Stone reached to answer.  “It’s Ms. Calvert,” Rudy told Stone, “I got it.”
Stone was ready for a break and a nap, and it had only been an hour.
“Start with the newest emails and work backward,” Rudy suggested when he heard Stone sigh in desperation.  “You will find some long email strings and be able to eliminate the duplicates.  Also, you will need to set up email folders for each department.  You will probably end up deleting most of the emails but keep it organized.”  After a while, Stone found it easier and had made progress.
Abby had Gracey shadow her as she began her Monday morning routine.  After a tour of the house from top to bottom and a quick walk around the grounds with a tablet in hand, she led Gracey to her office.
Abby’s office was on the second floor next to her suite.  Gracey had never been in it before.  The office was decorated in light, airy colors with comfortable overstuffed furniture.  There were ruffles, and lace and pillows.  Abby’s office was a cheery contrast to Rudy’s office; dark and manly.
Abby handed Gracey a fresh pad of paper and a pen.  “I will get you a tablet and sync it with mine with all the household information.  But for now, we will go old school.
“Okay, starting from the top.  The guest rooms need detailing.  They have not been aired out and freshened in a while.  Our suites are on the scheduled cleaning rotation, so we do not have to be concerned with them.
“Downstairs; Rudy’s study is a mess.  We moved out his stuff, and it needs to be cleaned and made presentable again.  The houseplants in the great room need to be rotated, and some may need repotting.  All the light fixtures need to be dusted.
“We have kept the landscapers away too long.  Joseph and his son Joey need to mow the lawn and clean up the garden.  And the pool and patio need to be cleaned and detailed, as well.  The boys left quite a mess last week.
“We need to plan the menus for the next two weeks and then finish the employee schedules for the rest of the month.  We have to approve timecards, issue paychecks and email the accountant with the quarterly payroll tax information.
“After we finalize the menus, we will deliver them to Ms. Davies, who will take inventory of the pantries and coolers and provide us with the grocery list.  Once approved, Billy will call in the order and pick it up.  The store will invoice us.
“We also have a stack of invoices from June, to review and pay.  And then we file.”
Gracey was winded just trying to keep up with the notes.  “You do all this?” Gracey asked.
“Sweetie, this is just the tip of the iceberg.  There are repairs, scheduled maintenance, holiday meals, ordering the cattle.  Who do you think plans the holiday parties?”
“This is a full-time job,” Gracey replied, frowning.
“And you thought you were getting paid for doing nothing,” Abby laughed.  “Don’t worry, after you learn who is who and who does what, I will teach you my tricks.  But until then, take notes and try to keep up!”
Abby punched a few more buttons on her tablet while Gracey tried to compose herself.  After a few minutes, Abby noticed Gracey’s frown.  “What’s wrong?” Abby asked.
When Gracey did not answer and looked as if she was about to cry, Abby chuckled.  “Already?  You already miss him?  I know you have been spending twenty-three hours a day together.  But already?”  Abby just shook her head.
“Okay, let’s call Joseph Monteneri.  Then we will see Daisy and Allison about the additional household chores.  It will knock a few things off the list quickly.  Then we will pick up the timecards so we can do all the paperwork at the same time.   As we pass through the kitchen, to get the timecards, we will ask the ladies to put a tray of snacks and ice tea together for our men.  We will make a surprise visit to the Annex.”
Gracey smiled.
Gracey was surprised how quickly Abby was able to clear half of her to-do list in just a few minutes.  She was in awe.  Abby advised everyone Gracey would be assisting in the running of the house and to treat Gracey’s requests as if they were coming directly from her.  Since the household staff already knew of Gracey’s position in the family, it was a moot expectation.
Soon Abby had a tray filled with snacks and a pitcher of ice tea.  She and Gracey were almost sashaying as they walked towards the Annex.  Elmer and Charles saw them coming and shook their heads.  “Rudy doesn’t have a chance,” Elmer whispered.  Elmer opened the door for the ladies and snickered.  “Unauthorized break?” Elmer asked with a wink.
“Nope, just a friendly visit!” Abby winked back at Elmer.
“Hi sweetie,” Abby called out as she entered the main office.
“Now Abby, what did I say about unauthorized breaks?” Rudy teased.
“Just some refreshments, my love.  I haven’t had a chance to stock the kitchen out here, so we are just dropping off some snacks,” Abby explained, alluringly.
Stone and Gracey just watched.  "Five dollars on Mom,” Gracey proposed.
“Not a chance I am taking the bet.  There is no doubt she will win this one,” Stone replied.
As Abby got closer, Rudy got weaker.  By the time she placed the tray on the desk, Rudy was almost putty in her hands.  Then Abby picked up a strawberry and raised it seductively to her lips.
“Break time!” Rudy proclaimed and pulled Abby into his arms.
“It’s getting hot in here,” Stone announced.  “I need to step out and cool off.”  He grabbed Gracey by the hand and ran out of the building into the nearly 100-degree heat.  Elmer and Charles were right behind them.
“For an old guy, he is getting more than all of us put together,” Charles quipped.
“Don’t you mean any of us?” Stone retorted.
“No?” Charles asked, looking at Gracey and then Stone.
“No!” Gracey exclaimed.
“Good for you sis!  Make him wait!” Charles told Gracey.
Gracey saw the landscapers arrive and excused herself.  “Mr. Monteneri, I am Gracey Newsome, Mrs. Rudolph’s assistant.  Are there any questions about what we need to have done today?”
“Lawn, garden, pool, patio, got it,” Joseph answered bluntly.  “Joey and I will start on the lawn.  It should take us most of the day.  I have brought my niece Haley along to help with the garden and pool.  She is home from college for the summer.”
Charles was in his usual place about ten paces behind Gracey as her protector when Haley stepped out of the SUV.  Haley was a tall, slender girl around twenty-one years of age.  Charles almost tripped over his own feet while standing still.  With Haley’s long, silky brown hair and an olive complexion, Charles was immediately smitten.
Stone and Elmer saw Charles almost fall and had to turn away so Haley would not see them laugh.  Haley reached into the back of the SUV, to grab her gardening tools and Charles had to look at the ground to keep from embarrassing himself.  Haley's long tanned legs, the low riding cutoff jeans and a white blouse tied at the waist was too much for him.
“Guess we know who will be patrolling outside today,” Stone snickered.
“Ya think,” Elmer sniggered.
“Mr. Monteneri, before you leave today, I would like to spend a few minutes with you discussing plans for a new potting shed and a winter greenhouse.  In a couple of months, I also want to discuss next year’s flower gardens, as well as help picking a location for a salad and herb garden.”
“Yes, Ms. Newsome,” Joseph replied.
Gracey then turned to address Haley.  “Haley.”
“Yes ma’am,” Haley replied.
“Actually it’s Miss…Miss Newsome, but call me Gracey, please.  Do you know anything about houseplants?”
“Yes, Miss Newsome,” Haley replied passively.
Gracey never had anyone address her so formally.  She was not sure how to feel about it.
“Let’s go inside, please,” Gracey requested.  “We have several plants in the great room which are not thriving as well as they should be.  Can you take a look at them and see what they need?  If you need to have them carried outside, just tell Charles, and he will carry them onto the patio for you.”
“Yes, Miss Newsome,” Charles replied, playing along.  Gracey turned to walk away.  As Gracey approached Charles, and out of sight of Haley, she winked and smiled.  Charles looked down and blushed.
Gracey walked towards the Annex where Stone and Elmer had watched the entire scene.  “She is going to break his heart!” Stone proclaimed.
“Probably, but at least now he has a chance,” Gracey replied.
The entrance to the Annex opened, and Abby stepped out.  Her hair was twisted up in a loose bun, and it was wet along the ends.
“Break time is over,” Rudy called out to Stone.
Gracey walked at Abby’s side back to the house.  “Add the Annex to the list for scheduled cleaning,” Abby told Gracey with a smile.
“Should I add shower caps to the shopping list?” Gracey asked demurely.
As Abby and Gracey entered the house through the great room, Abby saw Haley and Charles in the room together moving plants and looked at Gracey quizzically.  “I will explain later,” Gracey told Abby.

The next day, around midmorning there were two deliveries; one for Abby, and the new uniforms for the men.  During lunch, Abby presented Gracey with a tablet fully loaded with the household apps and information, and a cell phone with the telephone numbers for the family and the pack preprogrammed.  “It's got unlimited everything, so have fun.”
Later in the week, Haley returned to help her uncle around the estate.  As the SUV arrived, Charles stepped outside and smiled seeing Haley.  They had exchanged cell phone numbers and had been texting each other persistently all week.
Finally, getting the nerve, Charles approached Haley and began to ask her out.  “I would love to take you to a movie, but…you see I cannot leave the estate.  I wish I could explain.  I want to but…”  Charles could not utter a complete sentence.
After a deep breath, Charles continued.  “This may come out all wrong so hear me out first.  I live in the apartment above the garage.  If Stone and Gracey chaperone, will you come and watch a movie with me? With us?”
Haley stood silently pondering everything Charles had just said.  Before she could answer, Stone approached them.  “Hey Charles, can you keep a secret?  An advance copy of the new movie Gracey wanted to see, the action-romance one, arrived today?  Can we use your place Saturday night to watch it?”
“Is it the one with Barry Justin?” Haley asked curiously.
“It sure is,” Stone replied.  “Would you like to join us?”
“Yes, I would like that,” Haley replied. 
“Is seven on Saturday good?” Charles asked Haley.
“Yes,” Haley answered and then returned to work.
“Stone, omigod, you are the best.  I owe you big!” Charles exclaimed.
“Yes you do, Charles, yes you do!”

Stone and Gracey showed up early Saturday evening, to help Charles set up for movie night.  The furniture was rearranged for optimal viewing of Charles' 72" flat screen TV.
“Take the chair out of the room,” Gracey told Charles.  “Put it in one of the bedrooms.  The two love seats will be enough. The seating arrangement has to be perfect.”
Charles finished moving the love seats and headed for the shower.  After dressing, he returned to the living room.
“Lose the belt and gently tuck in your shirt.  Better yet, do you have a light colored golf shirt which might be just a bit tight?” Gracey suggested.
“Tight?” Charles asked, his eyes showing suspicion.
“Yes, tight.  Charles, you need to let Haley see those muscular arms of yours and that...humph...fine behind as well,” Gracey mused.
“Gracey!” Stone called out while Charles blushed.
“I am only stating the obvious, and Charles needs to flaunt his assets.  I am just trying to help the man out.  With his wavy, thick hair and chocolate brown eyes, the girl won't stand a chance.”  Gracey tapped Charles on his assets and pushed him back to his room to change.
Soon Charles was ready to leave.  Stone threw him the keys to his Ferrari and Charles tossed them back.  “Taking mine,” Charles stated.
“Yours?” Gracey inquired.
“Mine will be fine,” Charles said confidently and winked at Stone.
Charles left the apartment and soon a fully restored red 1972 Corvette Stingray was headed down the drive.  “That's his?” Gracey asked peering out the window.
“Nice, huh?” Stone replied.
Charles pulled up to the Rose home and walked to the door.  “Mr. Rose, Charles Simmons.  I am here for your daughter Haley.”  And Charles extended his hand.
“I understand you are taking my Haley to your place to watch a movie?”
“Sir, Mr. Stone Rudolph, and his fiancé Gracey Newsome will be chaperoning.  No funny business, I promise.”  Charles was about to sweat.
“Well, okay, but no funny stuff,” Haley’s father growled.
“No, sir.  I mean yes sir,” Charles stammered.
Haley entered the hallway. “Is my father giving you a hard time?”  She shook her head in disapproval and kissed her father on the cheek.  “I love you, Daddy.”  Haley took Charles’ hand and pulled him out of the house.  “Sorry about that,” Haley apologized.
“There is nothing to apologize for.  Your father is just trying to protect you.  And I understand why.  Dang, you’re gorgeous,” Charles exclaimed.
Charles led Haley to his car and as a gentleman opened the door for her.  After being a driver for so long, it looked natural, not staged.  Haley was impressed.
It was a short drive back to Emerald Knoll.  Elmer and Charles had been banned from the apartment for the night and were enjoying a game of pool in the basement.  Ms. Maple was glad for the company and joined them in the common area.
Charles led Haley up to the apartment.  "Just in time,” Stone called out as Charles and Haley entered.  "My world famous microwave popcorn is ready."
Haley looked around the apartment.  "This is yours?"  The apartment was furnished in an understated yet modern decor.
"Mrs. Rudolph decorated it just before I was hired.  Do you like it?" Charles asked.
“Nice!” Haley said, shaking her head in approval.
Stone and Gracey finished loading the refreshment cart with sodas, movie house candy, Stone's popcorn, and Gracey’s favorite champagne bead truffles and moved it into the living room.  Immediately they were curled up in each other’s arms on one of the loveseats and ready for the movie.
“Mr. Rudolph, thanks for letting Charles use your car to pick me up.  It was a fun drive over.”
“Please call me Stone,” he told Haley.  “And Charles, what have I told you about using the town car off duty?” Stone said slyly.
“I didn't use the town car.  I used my car,” Charles stated.
“The Stingray?” Stone inquired.
“Yes, sir!” Charles answered as if this conversation had been planned.
“The ‘Vette really is your car?  But you're a dri...a bodyguard?” Haley stuttered.
Stone and Gracey laughed.  “Did you know Charles came to us from the US Secret Service a couple of years back?” Stone asked.
“And he has a master's degree in political science?” Gracey added.
Haley looked at Charles, who just nodded.
“When my father needed a personal guard and driver, Charles was perfect for the job.  And his driving skills, he learned from his father.  Ever hear of Charlie Simmons?” Stone asked.
“The race car driver?” Haley asked in amazement, looking back at Charles.
“He's the one,” Gracey exclaimed.
“Wow, I guess you are more than just a pretty face,” Haley told Charles.
Charles blushed.  Gracey winked at Stone.
“But the Corvette?  That did not come cheap,” Haley said expecting an explanation.
“I don't have many expenses.  I live here for free.  Most of my meals are provided, and I am essentially on duty all the time, so my clothing is included.  I have been able to save a bit of money and splurge on a few things for myself, like the car and this giant TV,” Charles explained.
“It seems like you’re living high on the hog, as they say,” Haley joked.
“More like the cow,” Gracey whispered into Stone's ear.
“Mr. Simmons seems I have found me a wolf in sheep’s clothing,” Haley said playfully.
Charles' eyes got big.  Gracey had to bury her face into Stone's chest to stifle a laugh.
“Movie time?” Charles suggested quickly, changing the subject.
“Stone, this movie isn't supposed to be released until fall, how did you get a copy so soon?” Haley asked.
“Money does have its privileges,” Gracey answered as she winked.
Charles dimmed the lights and started the movie.  Soon Haley was sitting against him, and they were holding hands.  “So far, so good,” Gracey whispered to Stone.
Gracey was not surprised when Haley fell in love with the chocolate truffles.  And the end of the night, Gracey put a couple into a napkin and slipped them to Haley with a wink.
The group soon fell into a routine.  Stone and Gracey along with Charles and Haley would watch the pre-released movie first and then Elmer, Jim, and Ms. Maple would watch on the following Saturday.  Saturday movie night was now in effect.
Ms. Maple was enjoying the male companionship.  The three would sit on the couch in the common area with her sitting between the two men.  Welcoming the company, she would set up the refreshments.  Regardless of the movie genre, everyone watched.  It was much-needed entertainment.
Charles had given Haley the abbreviated and censored version of why he was not able to have her over more frequently.  Instead, they texted each other throughout the day; and talked on the phone every evening.  Within a couple of weeks, their relationship was becoming more intimate.  Charles was getting nervous.  He had to slow things down until he got more information about having a sexual relationship as a wolf.  "Call me old-fashioned,” he told Haley.  “But I would like to wait until we know where this summer romance is going."
Haley was ready to go further.  But Charles was not; at least not yet.  Charles needed more information but did not know who to talk to.  He knew Elmer and Jim were not in sexual relationships.  Rudy was, but he was Charles' boss; it would be awkward and uncomfortable.  Charles weighed his options and approached Abby since she had grown up with male wolves that had human lovers.
Charles was clearly embarrassed.  “Mrs. Rudolph?  I need some advice, some help.”
Abby quickly sensed Charles' apprehensions and thought this is going to be a tough conversation.
“You know Haley, and I have been seeing each other for a couple weeks now, and I think she wants to...take our...” Charles tried to choke out the words.
“Is this about having sex with a human?” Abby blurted out, her eyes wide.
“Yes,” Charles said in a whisper with his eyes to the ground.
“No need to be embarrassed Charles.  This is a tough decision between two humans, but with a wolf involved, it is even tougher.  I am sure you are concerned about safety, her safety. You are afraid you will hurt her.”
“Yes,” Charles whispered, still looking away.
“Well, the dynamics are the same, but yes, sex with a human carries risks especially if the female is the human participant.  Men can get carried away, we know that.  And yes, when I was younger I saw a few female humans get hurt.  But it was because the male wolf just did not care about his partner, only about himself.  Now for a few tough questions and please do not be embarrassed.”
Abby asked after a quick pause, “Are you a virgin?” 
Charles looked up in disbelief and firmly answered no.
“Is she?”
Charles thought for a moment, “I don't know.  I don't even know how to ask a woman that.”
“Okay, you are a wolf, and you should be able to tell from her scent,” Abby replied.
“What?” Charles said looking at Abby.
“Close your eyes and take in my scent,” Abby told Charles.
“Herbal shampoo?”
“No, not that scent, my female scent.”
Charles was embarrassed but kept his eyes closed and inhaled.
“Remember that scent.  Now think of Gracey's scent.  There is a difference, she is a virgin.”
“So Stone really isn’t getting any,” Charles chortled.
“Charles, let’s stay on task here,” Abby scolded.
“Sorry,” Charles grimaced.
“And there is another scent, the scent a woman gives off when aroused; pheromones.”
Without thinking, Charles replied, "Oh we know that scent, Mrs. Rudolph."  Then in shock, he had said it aloud he added, "I am so sorry.  That was inappropriate."
“It is okay.  When you are around other wolves, privacy is a little harder to maintain.  Sometimes I forget about that.  I will try to be more considerate.  But I have to say, you and the boys have been extremely respectful and constrained.  Maybe I should call first?”
They both blushed and laughed.
Charles thought for a moment and proclaimed, "Haley is a virgin."
“Well, that changes everything.  I will not preach.  It is not my place.  But do you want the added burden?  Just know it is possible to have sex with a human.  You just have to remain in control of your wolf and know this, you may growl a bit.”
“I guess I have lots to think about.  But at least I have all the facts now.  Summer vacation will be over soon, and I am not sure if we will survive a long distance relationship,” Charles pondered aloud.  “By the way, Mrs. Rudolph, why do you call us 'the boys'?  Heck, Jim is about sixty in human years, isn't he?”
Abby paused and thought about it for a moment.  “I am not sure how it got started, but once the moniker had been given, it stuck.  Trust me; it is a term of endearment.  It is not meant to be condescending.  All three of you are a part of the family.  In one way or another, we are all related by blood in one form or fashion.  If we were in a proper pack, we would probably say gather the pack, but with so many humans around, we used the term the boys once, and it stuck.  Plus, I am older than all of you.  I just hope we have not offended anyone.”
“No, Mrs. Rudolph.  It's what we figured, but I thought I would ask.”
“Well, since we've had a mother-son sex talk; I guess you really are one of my boys.”
“Thanks, Mom!” Charles said with a hearty chuckle and left.


Chapter 16 - Just Two More Times

The first full moon of August was near.  No new wolves would be transforming this full moon.  The only concern was security for Gracey and Stone after they had received their monthly shots.  Ms. Maple would stay with Gracey, but one of the wolves would need to stay at the house to ensure there were no kidnapping attempts.  The rest would hunt as a group and return immediately, together as a group.  After the shooting in July, the group needed to put safety over the needs of their wolves.
After dinner, Dr. Robertson would arrive, the shots would be given, and everyone would proceed with the plan.  Since Jim was the oldest of the boys and had been a wolf longer than the others, he was able to control his need for the hunt.  Jim would stay in the room across the hall from Gracey’s suite to protect her.
Stone took his shot first and waited while Gracey took hers.  As usual, the pain for her was immediate.  Stone was almost in tears.  “This has to stop!  I hate seeing her in all this pain.”  Stone rushed to Gracey's side to hold her.
“Just two more times,” Gracey whispered.
“What?” Stone whispered.
“We will talk tomorrow.  I promise,” Gracey whispered in return.  “But for now I need some time alone.  Please go to your suite and come back later,” Gracey begged.  She hated Stone seeing her like this.
After Stone had tucked Gracey in, Stone and Dr. Robertson left the suite.  Ms. Maple settled in to watch over Gracey.  Jim was in the room across the hall, with the door open.  After Jim was sure Robertson was gone, he stripped and turned into his gray wolf form.
In his human form, Jim was fit and toned but not muscular like Elmer or Charles.  In human years, he was sixty; in wolf years, he was forty-five.  He had light brown hair and deep blue eyes.  Jim was attractive in both forms.  Since he left the pack, he had not pursued any serious or long term relationships.  He had seen the failed attempts with males in Rafe’s pack with human women.  He could never hurt a woman like that.  He was not born a wolf.  Jim wanted to live human.
Jim left the door to the guest room open and lay across the threshold.  He had a view of the hallway and the top of the stairs and could quickly be in Gracey’s suite if needed.
Jim had never been near Gracey during the full moon after she had taken her shots.  Elmer had told him how much Gracey suffered each month, but Jim could not totally comprehend until that night.  He could hear every moan and groan, regardless of how much Gracey tried to stifle it.  And he swore he could feel her pain.  Jim found himself whining softly in empathy.  Oh, baby girl, I did not know.
Stone had lain down in his suite.  He looked at the clock and marked the time.  I will wait one hour, he decided.
Stone was returning to Gracey’s suite when he saw Jim at his post.  Jim whined softly in empathy every time Gracey moaned in pain.  Hearing Jim’s whimpers, Stone tried to console him.  “I know Jim, that poor girl has done this every month for ten years.  We will get through another night.  Gracey will be fine.  Our girl is stronger than we give her credit for.  She had to be.  Look at everything she’s had to endure.”
Jim growled lowly to indicate he understood.  “Jim, I have never said this before but thank you for watching over her.  Not just tonight but for the last six years,” Stone added sincerely, gratefully.
Jim nodded his head to acknowledge, humbled by Stone’s thankfulness.
Stone entered the suite and thanked Ms. Maple for sitting with Gracey.  “Celia, thank you for everything,” Stone said sincerely and gave her a hug.  He then crawled on the bed next to Gracey and pulled her into his arms.
Ms. Maple was flabbergasted.  Stone had never called her by her first name before.  She whispered, “You’re welcome.”  And then she took her leave.
Exiting the suite, Celia saw Jim on guard duty.  She had never seen Jim in his wolf form before.  “Omigod, Jim, you’re…you’re beautiful.”  Celia walked closer quite curious.
Jim stood and moved into the hallway.  Celia circled around Jim, to get a better look.  On all fours, his shoulders were at her chest.  Celia was smaller in stature than the rest of the family, at five foot six inches.  So Jim in his wolf form could almost look at her eye to eye.  Jim backed up a little, a bit apprehensive of her close proximity.
Celia sensed his concern.  “I know you are a human and a wolf but…I have never touched a wolf before.  Can I feel your fur?”
Jim thought about it for a moment but then moved closer in a silent yes.  He walked towards her and bowed his head to show he would not hurt her.  Celia reached out and stroked him along his back.  “Wow,” Celia muttered.  “Your fur is so soft.”
Jim, not knowing what to do next, laid down in the hall looking at the door of Gracey’s suite.  “Can I sit with you for a while?  I have watched over Gracey for six years, and I know she is in safe hands, but…”  Celia could not finish the sentence.  Instead, she sat on the floor with her back against the wall.  Together they would watch over Gracey.
The other four wolves finished the hunt and after a couple of laps around the field to stretch their legs, returned to the house.  Elmer and Charles went to the basement.  During the full moon, they slept in the house.  The consensus was the threat of another kidnapping of Gracey was greater during the full moon.
Rudy and Abby climbed the stairs and saw Jim at his post.  Then they saw Ms. Maple.  She had fallen asleep and was curled up next to Jim in his wolf form.
“I guess we need to wake her so Jim can turn back,” Rudy suggested to his mate.
“Ms. Maple, we are back,” Abby whispered.
Celia woke and realized where she was.  She looked at Jim and smiled.  “I must have fallen asleep while we were watching over Gracey,” Celia stated.  Jim rose, changed and escorted Celia to the basement.
Abby and Rudy entered their suite and then laughed.  “Charles and now Jim?” Rudy suggested.
“Maybe it was innocent?” Abby replied in a hopeful tone.  “We can deal with it later.  But for now…I have other things on my mind,” Abby cooed and tackled her husband.
This wolf thing does have its advantages, Rudy thought and growled wantonly.

The next morning, Rudy made an announcement at breakfast.  “We are having a formal dinner tonight.  We need a celebration.”
“Celebration?” Stone asked.
“Sure why not?  Life is getting back to normal.  I have a great family, and I want to celebrate.  Black tie tonight; I want it all; great food, candles, and beautifully dressed women in long flowing gowns,” Rudy proclaimed.
“I guess I better alert the kitchen staff,” Abby stated excitedly.  “I love to dress up!”
“Long flowing gowns?” Gracey panicked.  “I have nothing like that.”
“Gracey, you have seen my closet.  If I don’t have something in there that will bring Stone to his knees, then I need to burn everything and head to Milan for a new wardrobe.”
Gracey was excited.  She no longer felt embarrassed to borrow a dress from Abby.  She felt like family.  “I need a mani-pedi, look at these nails,” Gracey called out.
“I will call the spa,” Abby exclaimed with even more excitement.  “We are going to be pampered today.”
“Dad, I think you have unleashed a monster.  We better head for the office and get out of their way,” Stone suggested, laughing at his mother.
Abby and Gracey headed for the kitchen, to announce plans for the evening.  The staff would be busy setting up for a formal dinner.  Then the ladies went upstairs to Abby’s suite.  The spa was called, and two of their girls would be over after lunch, to pamper the ladies.  Abby would convert her monstrous bathroom into a day spa for the afternoon.  “Candles, we need lots of candles and soft music,” Abby decided gaily.
Abby opened the door to her closet.  Along one entire wall was gown after gown.  Gracey had seen them when they were picking out Gracey’s wedding dress, but she had forgotten just how extensive the collection was.
“How do we decide?” Gracey asked, wide-eyed.
“Let’s decide on the color first,” Abby suggested.  “Since it is black tie tonight, I am thinking black for us as well.”
“Rudy and Stone will be tuxedos?” Gracey asked, and Abby nodded yes.  “Ooh, Stone is so handsome in a tux.  I am going to need something gorgeous.”
“Gracey, you are gorgeous in anything you wear.  Don’t you know that yet?” Abby asked.
Gracey blushed.  She was naturally beautiful but never thought of herself that way.
“Black gowns…," Abby mused.  "That should narrow it down to about twenty or so.  It is good we wear the same size,” Abby mused.
“Twenty or so?” Gracey repeated.
“Young lady, after a few years you will have a closet to rival mine.  We are going to have so much fun shopping.”
Abby pulled out a few of her favorites gowns.  Each dress was more beautiful than the last.  After each of them tried on about a dozen gowns, they finally chose.  Abby chose one with a plunging neckline and spaghetti straps.  Gracey chose, at Abby’s insistence, one with a modest neckline but backless.

After lunch, Abby and Gracey were pampered and buffed and polished.  They would take a luxurious bath later and then dress for dinner.
Gracey put on the gown she had borrowed from Abby.  She pinned up her hair and put on a small pair of silver loop earrings.  Then she put on the silver colored locket Stone had used in the ruse to steal the photos from the police station.
The ladies had planned their entrance.  Each lady would descend from opposite sides of the staircases with the men waiting at the bottom.  Abby and Gracey were gorgeous beyond belief.  Rudy and Stone could only sigh and smile.  They both knew they could not be any luckier.  With the women on their arms, they entered the dining room.
The lights had been dimmed, and the warm glow of the candles set the mood perfectly.  The table had been set with the best china, crystal, and silver.
Rudy looked away from his beautiful bride of thirty years to admire Gracey.
“Stone, I have to say, you are as blessed as I am.  Just look at these two ladies.  Have you gotten the full view yet?” Rudy asked.
Gracey twirled around, and Stone nearly tripped over his own jaw.  “Yes, Dad, I am very lucky…gorgeous, totally gorgeous.”
Rudy took another look at Gracey.  “I see you are wearing my grandmother's locket.”
“This is your grandmother's locket?” Gracey asked Rudy and then looked at Stone suspiciously.
Stone looked down trying to avoid eye contact.
“Yes, it was my grandmother's locket.  I gave it to Stone to give to his bride,” Rudy informed Gracey.
“Stone, you said you got this piece of costume jewelry from Merriman’s.”  Then Gracey ran out of the room.
Gracey returned a few moments later with a shoe box full of the other jewelry Stone had given her and dumped it onto the table.  “What else is real?” Gracey asked in a miffed tone, annoyed by Stone’s deception.
Rudy recognized the sapphire and diamond drop earrings Gracey had worn the night of her birthday.
“Those were my mother's; the sapphire and diamond earrings,” Rudy revealed.
Gracey stood stiffly, wanting to yell at Stone for lying to her.
Abby quickly interceded.  "Gracey, I am sure Stone lied about the jewelry because he was afraid you would not accept the gifts.  Still, I am not saying what he did was right.”
Gracey turned to Stone.  "So, no more lies Stone!  It is anything else you need to confess?"
"No,” Stone replied, he eyes lowered in shame.
"Well then sweetie, we need to get you a real jewelry box.  Those heirloom pieces have no place in a shoebox,” Abby added.
Stone walked over to Gracey and took her face into his hand and said softly and lovingly.  “I am sorry, but I wanted you to have them, and I knew you wouldn’t accept them if you knew the truth.  But things are different now.  Will you forgive me?”
Gracey saw the sincerity in Stone's eyes.  “Only because you look so dang handsome in a tux,” Gracey replied and softly kissed him.
After a perfectly romantic dinner, Rudy and Stone led the ladies to the patio.  While the ladies were busy during the day, the men hung miniature lights and programmed music for some slow dancing under the stars.  Both Rudy and Stone had selected a song to dedicate to the women they loved; both by Frank Sinatra.  Rudy had picked ‘The Way You Look Tonight,’ and Stone chose ‘It Had to Be You.'  It was a perfect ending to the evening.

Between the dinner party and movie night, it was Sunday before Stone had a chance to ask Gracey about the comment she made on the night of the full moon; 'Just two more times.'
“There are two more full moons between now, and the time we get married.  Once we are married, I want to turn,” Gracey started.
“But I thought you didn’t want to turn?” Stone asked for clarification.
“I didn’t before.  But now I do,” Gracey replied.
“Why?  I thought you were afraid?”
“I was, but, not of turning.  I was afraid of the wolves because of Rafer and the devil twins.  But since I have been around the boys and your parents, I know my opinions were not based on facts.  It is not the wolf who is bad.  It is the person.  I am surrounded by good people, hence good wolves.  I am no longer afraid.”
Gracey continued.  “Plus, since your father has turned I realized I want what your parents have.  I want us to have that type of relationship.  I want us to have as many years together as possible.”
Stone had a lot to think about.  He had already told her if she decided to turn, he would too.
“What about children?  Will you still want children?” Stone asked.
“I have talked with Dr. Robertson, and he says children are possible.  But there may be some complications.”
“Complications?”
“Stone, we have been taking these shots since puberty.  According to a colleague of Dr. Robertson’s, who also has patients like us, the shots work like birth control.”
“I have been on birth control?” Stone called out.
“Apparently the drug Dr. Robertson has been giving us, to stop us from turning also prevents me from ovulating and lowers your sperm production.  Our hormone levels were severely compromised.  It is a miracle we went through puberty.”
“Say what?” Stone called out again to the news Gracey was relaying to him.  Silently he wondered if the shots had also lowered his libido over the years.  He never had an interest in having sex with the girls he had previously dated.  Even sleeping next to Gracey, he was not physically aroused.
“Calm down for a moment and let me continue,” Gracey begged.  “After a while, after we stop taking the shots everything will return to normal.  Dr. Robertson isn’t sure how long it will take, but his colleague states there are some natural remedies which can speed the process along.”
“So we have to eat the roses?” Stone joked.
“Actually, yes,” Gracey laughed.  “And Dr. Robertson has a list of herbs which may help, as well.  He has agreed to give the list to Ms. Maple if we need them and she can help us.  She may have to order some of the herbs, though.  Dr. Robertson recommends we start with the herbal remedies about two weeks after our last shot at the end of September.  We can start with the lavender roses and move to the herbs as needed.”
“Do my parents know this?” Stone inquired.
“Not yet.  I have asked Dr. Robertson to keep this confidential for now.  There is no need to alarm them.  They have spent most of our lives trying to protect us.  I don’t want them to think our condition is their fault,” Gracey stated.
Stone agreed.  To lighten the mood, Gracey asked Stone, “Did you hear about Jim and Ms. Maple sleeping together?”
“What the…”  Stone started.  Gracey laughed and told him the whole story of Ms. Maple falling asleep in the hall with Jim.
“Who’s next, Elmer?” Stone asked.
“I guess he hasn’t noticed Allison looking at him,” Gracey revealed.
“No more matchmaking Gracey.  Emerald Knoll is getting a bit crowded,” Stone said sternly.

With the summer coming to an end by the end of the month, Gracey talked with Joseph the following week about renovations to the potting shed.  She also talked to Ms. Maple and the rest of the kitchen staff about what they would like to grow in a greenhouse during the winter if available.  Gracey wanted both a new potting shed and at least a small greenhouse for Ms. Maple's herbs and a few vegetables.  She thought about the list of herbs she may need in the future and decided to ask Dr. Robertson for the list so she could order them if not already in the garden.
Charles had taken hundreds of photos of the gardens in St. Louis, and he shared the photos of the herb gardens with Ms. Maple.  Ms. Maple was amazed at the number of varieties grown there.  She sent Billy to the library to pick up a few books for her.  She wanted to research other herbs she could use for home remedies and healing.
Gracey and Joseph also talked about a spot for a small salad garden.  Instead of a separate garden away from the house, a place was found near the kitchen entrance for easy and quick access.
While Gracey was working with Joseph, unbeknownst to her, Stone was working with Haley on a special project he would reveal to Gracey after the danger was over; after they were married.  Charles never left Gracey's side during the day; now her personal bodyguard. He ensured Gracey was distracted while Stone's project was being completed.  Gracey never caught on.
Abby was already busy renovating the stable with two separate changing rooms for the men and the women along with showering facilities.  Since she was the only female wolf, so far, she would be able to design it to her liking.   Color palates and swatches had been delivered and hidden in her office.
Abby had not shared her renovation plans with the men.  She wanted to keep it a surprise for now.  Abby thought about the basic needs; temperature control, hot water, lockers, benches and the like.  For the lady's facilities, Abby added special lighting and extra electrical outlets.  In addition to benches, there would be comfortable chairs and a proper closet area.  Why not, Abby thought, so far it is just for me and maybe someday for Gracey.  She hoped to have everything completed by the end of the month.  There was a second full moon this calendar month.
Humans would call the second full moon this month a blue moon, but actually, a blue moon was the third full moon of an equinox which had four full moons.  There would be only three full moons between the summer and autumn equinox, so no real blue moon.  The next official blue moon would be August of 2013.
Abby thought more about the moon cycles.  They were in the Leo Moon.  No wonder they were in a flamboyant frame of mind, and their romantic and passionate personas were heightened.  Everything made sense.
The renovations would be ready for the Virgo Moon.  The Virgo Moon played on a person’s need for special improvement projects while making them aware of their physical needs.  Perfect, Abby thought.
Knowing Gracey was also having some construction done, Abby talked with Gracey about vetting all the workers.  Groups coming onto the property had to be small and never a new worker, never a substitute for someone who called out sick.  And Gracey’s contact with the group had to be minimal and with at least two family members in attendance.  No exceptions, ever.  Abby used the same contractors for many years, and they knew the rules.  The Rudolphs paid extra for their efficiency and secrecy.  All of the workers were required to sign confidentiality statements.  All the household employees signed the same statement when they were hired.
With all the work going on at the property, it soon became evident each group needed to be scheduled to ensure there were not too many extra people on the property at one time.  It forced Gracey to spend most of the day indoors and guarded.  No one could be confident Rafer had not infiltrated the property or had one of his pack members posing as a day laborer.
Haley had supervised the delivery of the materials for Stone’s special project, and within a couple of days, they were done.
Gracey’s project was taking a bit longer with two buildings being erected.  To minimize the number of workers she requested most of the work be done off-property, prefabricated as much as possible and assembled on site.  
Abby’s renovation was taking a bit longer.  And at her insistence, the contractors were working one specialty at a time.  Her only hope was they would be completed by the end of the month.  The basic needs would have to be completed.  She could decorate later.


Chapter 17 - I am a Wolf, Not a Dog

In less than three weeks, Haley would be returning to college.  With Nashville only two hours away, she was talking about coming home on weekends so she and Charles could continue seeing each other.
Charles enjoyed being with Haley but was nervous about their future.  What if things got serious?  How would he tell her the truth?  How would he tell her, he was a wolf?
During one of Haley’s visits to Emerald Knoll, she commented to Charles and Elmer, “I always see someone patrolling but if it so dangerous for Gracey, why doesn’t anyone carry a weapon?”
No one answered.
“Plus I heard through my cousin Joey one of the local boys shot a wolf while trespassing on Emerald Knoll,” Haley added.
Charles and Elmer just looked at each other.  “Shot a wolf?” Elmer finally asked.
“Yeah, the guy was bragging he saw two giant wolves at the south end of your property one night, around the 4th of July, Joey said.  The guy swears he shot a wolf.  But the wolves disappeared before they got near enough.  I would think with a couple of wolves roaming around here someone would be armed, especially at night,” Haley explained.
“Wolves?  Are you sure this guy said wolves?” Elmer asked.
“He said wolves, but according to his buddies, they had all been drinking quite a bit because of the holiday.  So I guess it was probably just a couple of really big wild dogs,” Haley chuckled.
Charles and Elmer chuckled, as well.  “You’re probably right, just a couple of big wild dogs,” Elmer proclaimed to hide the truth from Haley.
Later that day Elmer and Charles briefed Rudy on what Haley had told them.
“If this guy thinks he saw and shot a wolf, we may have a problem.  The next full moon is the Friday of a holiday weekend.  If we are visited by a bunch of drunken rednecks again, someone could get hurt.  And I will be damned before someone gets shot again,” Charles exclaimed.  "These guys just might be stupid enough to try again."
“How are we going to protect ourselves and still hunt?  Jim sat out from hunting last time, and he was intolerable until the quarter moon.  He cannot do it two months in a row.  So who is going to sit out this time and how are we going to protect ourselves?” Elmer asked.  “Electric fence?  Security cameras?  Armed guards?” Elmer continued suggesting ways for additional protection and security.
No one answered.
“It is not as if we can tie up a couple cows in the backyard!” Elmer said trying to break the tension in the room.
“And we all have to hunt this month,” Rudy added.  "It is not negotiable."
“Does it have to be the meadow?  The meadow is convenient because it works like a natural corral but what about the bluff?  Could we hunt there?” Charles suggested.
“We would have to find a way to get the cattle there.  As wolves, we would not have any issues getting there, but I am not sure about getting the cows there.  I guess we need to take a field trip,” Rudy announced.
It had been decades since Rudy and Abby had gone to the bluff.  Stone had never been there.  Until recently, Stone had never been to the meadow.  Jim had been to the bluff more recently, within the last decade while hunting alone and thought the plan was plausible.
Rudy, Stone, and Elmer climbed into Jim’s Jeep and off they went.  They traveled to the west side of the property and then headed south towards the bluff.  The drive was rough and bumpy.  While it would not be a concern for the wolves, it would be a hindrance for Mr. Kincaid and his truck.
Like the meadow, the ground was peppered with large rocks and in some areas almost impossible to transverse.  After a short jaunt through a narrow line of trees, they were on the bluff.  The area was large enough and easy to fence off but how would they get the cows there?  The road would need to be fashioned from the main road and rocks removed.  Then a path through the wood line for the truck would need to cut out.  There would not be enough time before the next full moon.
The foursome stood on the bluff and looked out over the meadow.  It was so beautiful and peaceful.  The meadow was their place; their hunting grounds.  Maybe it was nostalgic, but they were resolved to keep their way of life intact.  They would find a way to be safe regardless of the cost.
Rudy was friends with the local police chief and sheriff, always donating generously to their organizations and charities.  It was time to call in a few markers.  Extra patrols along the east border would be provided.  The electric fence was in place but had never been electrified before.  This month it would be.  And a new gate would be installed along with security cameras.
For the remainder of the month, each person worked to finish their special projects by the next full moon.  This would open up time in September to finalize the wedding plans.
It was nearly the end of August, and the workers were putting the finishing touches on the greenhouse.  The potting shed was done.  Ms. Maple and Allison came out to admire the greenhouse.  Allison was in her early thirties and average in appearance with a girl next door look.  She had a fair and freckled complexion with dark strawberry blonde hair, more red than blonde, cut short and sassy.
Elmer and Charles were standing by the Annex and watched while Ms. Maple and Allison approached Gracey.  They were thrilled everything would be ready for fall, and they were making plans for the new herbs and other plants.  The idea of some fresh vegetables during the winter months had them energized.
After a few minutes, Allison turned to go back to the house.  She had lots of work to do.  One of the workers whistled while watching her walk away.  “Was that you?” Charles asked Elmer.
“What are you talking about Charles?” 
“You just growled at that worker.  What’s going on here?” Charles asked Elmer.  “Do you have a thing for Allison?”
“Allison?  No, no, of course not!” Elmer answered.
“If not you, then maybe your wolf.  You may want to be careful, brother,” Charles replied.
“I am not ready for a relationship; too complicated.  After watching you and Haley…I am steering clear, son,” Elmer proclaimed.

Summer vacation was over, and it was time for Haley to pack and return to college.
“I will be back for Labor Day weekend, and we can spend it together,” Haley told Charles.  Her car was packed, and she was leaving Lone Hill, heading back to Nashville.
Charles knew Friday would be a full moon and Haley would not be able to visit that night.  “I am going to be pretty busy this weekend with extra patrols due to the holiday.  Maybe you should stay in Nashville and spend some time with your college friends.  We can get together the following weekend,” Charles suggested.
Haley was visibly hurt.  She had wanted to return Friday night and be with Charles.  “Maybe we can spend some of this weekend together?” Haley retorted.
“Let me see what I can do for Saturday night or maybe Sunday for a picnic, but I already promised Elmer and Jim they could have Friday night off.  Call me Saturday afternoon, and we can plan something for that night,” Charles said as a compromise.
Haley was smiling again.  Charles embraced her and kissed her passionately.  This is going to be harder than I thought.
“I will call you when I get there,” Haley called out as she drove away.

Getting ready for the full moon that night was just the distraction Charles needed.  Between Haley leaving and wondering about the future, possibly with her, he was a bit unnerved.
After a round robin tournament of rock-paper-scissors, the hunting rotation was selected.  Rudy, Abby, and Jim would hunt first while Charles and Elmer guarded the house.  Then the two groups would reverse roles.  No one was to patrol or hunt alone, and everyone would hunt this month.
Everything was routine now for the group, including Ms. Maple.  Everyone knew their places and roles.  The electric fence was turned on, the shots were given, and the sheriff was called to ensure the extra patrols were in place.  After all the preparations, the group was hopeful for a quiet and peaceful hunt.
After dinner, Abby took the group, minus Ms. Maple, to the stable.  “I have a surprise for everyone,” Abby announced.  “It is going to be cold soon, and as you know, I am already using the stable for privacy when changing.  But I have added a few more things for all our comfort and convenience,” Abby explained with a guilty smirk.
“Is this what you have been working on all month?” Rudy asked, curious.
Abby nodded. "The doors swings both ways," Abby explained as she unlocked the door to the men’s changing room.  "They are light enough to be pushed open when we are wolves."
The men peered inside and gasped.  Inside were lockers, benches, showers and climate controls.  The sink area had mirrors, a long counter, and storage below for their personal grooming products.
“You did this for us?” Jim exclaimed.  Abby just smiled.
“This is great.  I always hate getting dressed behind the stable and then going to the basement to take a shower,” Elmer confessed.
“Now remember, I will not be adding this room to the household cleaning roster.  So it will be up to all of you and I mean all of you, to keep it clean,” Abby said looking at Rudy.   And she showed the men where the cleaning supplies were stored.
“And for you, Abby?” Rudy asked with increased hesitation.  “I am afraid to look at your dressing room.”
Abby escorted them across the hall and unlocked the door.  “Omigod,” Stone called out.  “This is almost as grand as your private bath in the house.  It is like a spa in here.”
Abby had pulled out all the stops in her dressing room.  The group noticed there was more than one shower and commented.  “Maybe someday,” she started but did not finish, looking at Gracey.  No one finished her thought aloud.
“Okay, let’s change and hunt,” Rudy announced.  “Nervous?” Rudy asked Abby.
“A bit,” she confessed.
“We will make sure everything is fine, Mrs. Rudolph,” Jim assured Abby.
“We will be okay, sweetheart, no one will get in tonight.  I have taken extra precautions to ensure our safety. So let’s turn and hunt,” Rudy told his mate.
Rudy and Jim entered the men’s changing room, and Abby went to hers.
“Damn, this is nice.  I am going to be able to take a hot shower before guard duty tonight!” Jim announced with joy.
After turning, the three met behind the stable.  Let’s do this, Abby called out and started running.  She knew she had to get back on the proverbial horse.  Rudy and Jim ran after her.
Abby arrived at the meadow first.  As she headed to the cattle, she stopped.  Rudy had a surprise waiting for Abby, as well.  Instead of cows, he had arranged for five elks to be brought in by the supplier out west.  Rudy had secretly reread Abby's books and knew the elk was her favorite.
Abby looked at Rudy for a split second and thanked him.  Without hesitation, she had killed the first elk.
That was sweet of you, Jim told Rudy.  And it is one of my favorites also, so if you will excuse me…
Jim took off and leaped.  Rudy was right behind him.  Rudy had never had elk before but found it quite appealing.  As a foodie, he liked a little variety in his diet.
It did not take Abby long to settle into eating her dinner.  The taste was so euphoric to her she forgot about her fears.  After the three had finished, they headed back to the stable.
Rudy and I will take the perimeter tonight, Jim.  You shower and stand guard at Gracey’s suite.  I ate way too much, and I need to walk off some of this elk, Abby told Jim.
Jim showered, dressed, and returned to the house.  He passed Charles and Elmer, who were headed to the stable to change.  “Just wait until you see what is waiting in the meadow!” Jim exclaimed.  “Yummy!”
Jim climbed the stairs to Gracey’s suite.  Celia was sitting on the floor standing guard.  She was a bit let down when she saw Jim in his human form.  “You changed back!” Celia called out disappointed.
“Of course, I did.  We are hunting in shifts tonight.  Mr. and Mrs. Rudolph are outside patrolling, and they sent me up to watch over Gracey,” Jim replied.
“But I was hoping…” Celia started.
“Celia, I am a wolf, not a dog.  You know the difference, right?” Jim asked.
“Of course, I do, but…I cannot explain…it won’t make sense,” Celia stuttered.  “It’s just I wanted to see you again as a wolf.  I felt so…”  Celia paused, trying to pick the right words before continuing.  “Jim, we spend a lot of time together, and I consider you my friend.  But when we spent the last full moon sitting here watching the door, I felt safe; really safe.  I know you, and the other boys watch over us all the time in human form.  But it was different.”
“I think I understand, Celia.”  Jim walked into the guest room and turned wolf.  Reentering the hallway, Celia was smiling.  She threw her arms around Jim’s neck and thanked him.  Jim backed up a bit uneasy about how he should feel about what had just happened.  Did Celia like his wolf?  Or did she just feel safer?
Jim sat facing the door to Gracey’s suite.  Celia sat next to him, and without thinking, started stroking Jim on the back of the head.  Jim groaned and then stopped and looked at her, growling softly in disapproval.
Celia moved over a bit, to put distance between the two of them.  “I am sorry Jim.  I know you are not a dog or a pet.  It just happened.  I wasn’t thinking.”
Elmer and Charles finished their run and hunt and let Rudy and Abby know they were back on patrol.  Rudy and Abby turned human and showered together in Abby’s changing room.  Knowing Jim was pulling guard duty in the hall, they wondered if Celia would be there, as well.  As they finished the ascent to the second floor they saw, Jim and Celia on the floor in the hallway; Celia asleep against Jim again.
Abby awoke Celia and escorted Celia to her quarters downstairs.  Jim changed back and found Rudy waiting for him in the hall.
“Is there something we should know Jim?” Rudy asked suspiciously.
“Not that I know of,” Jim replied.  “I came up here from the hunt and Celia was sitting here waiting for me.  Well, not me as a human, but the wolf.  As a human, we are friends.  We watch movies together and talk, but nothing more.  But when I am a wolf, the woman cannot keep her hands off me.  I am not sure what’s going on.”
“So in when you are in your human form, there is no physical contact?”
“No.  Celia sits between Elmer and me every Saturday night while we watch the new movie Stone has delivered, and she has never touched me before,” Jim replied, just as bewildered as Rudy.
“Do you have feelings for Celia?” Rudy inquired.
“I like her.  She is a lovely lady, and I enjoy her company.  But I have never thought about her as anything more than a friend.”
“Sounds complicated Jim.  Good luck.”
Rudy waited until Abby returned before they entered their suite.  “Strange,” Rudy said shaking his head.
Jim returned to the basement and found Celia on the couch in the common room.  She was hugging her knees and crying.
“Celia, what’s wrong?” Jim asked, surprised to see Celia crying.  He never thought of her as weak or emotional.
“I think I have lost a friend,” Celia choked out between her tears.
“A friend?”
“I am sorry about the way I acted tonight.  I just don’t know how to explain it,” Celia continued to sob.
Jim sat quietly and waited.
“After the full moon everyone has someone; Rudy and Abby; Stone and Gracey; you and the boys.  Me, I am down here in the basement, by myself while everyone is hunting.  And Jim, I am scared!  Who is protecting me?” Celia asked.
“Omigod Celia, I never thought of it that way,” Jim gasped hearing Celia’s fears.
“Your wolf makes me feel safe.  For over six years of full moons, I have watched over Gracey, sitting in her room and not sleeping, or at least not sleeping well.  Then last month when I laid beside your wolf, I slept; really slept, feeling safe.  I felt the same way tonight.”
“I think I understand Celia, really understand.  And I am sorry, I did not even begin to think or realize how you felt or fit into all of this.  I get it now.  Let’s get you to bed.”
Jim walked Celia into her room and pulled the covers of her bed back.  “Climb in, and I will be back in a moment,” Jim told her.
Celia looked at Jim suspiciously and confused.  “Do you trust me, Celia?" Jim asked, "and my wolf?”
“Of course, I do,” Celia answered without hesitation.
“Then I will be right back,” Jim answered and turned off the overhead light, leaving only the lamp on Celia’s bed stand on.
A few minutes later Jim returned wearing a robe.  “I going to turn Celia, so please don’t be scared.”  Jim removed the robe, placed it on a chair and turned wolf.  Celia was astonished.  She had never seen anyone turn wolf before.
Jim climbed atop of the bed and lay next to Celia.   She snuggled up next to him and instantly fell asleep.

Everyone slept in the morning after a full moon.  Celia awoke shortly before nine and found Jim, in his wolf form, lying next to her awake.  “Thank you, Jim,” she said sincerely.  Jim climbed out of bed and left the room on all fours, leaving his robe behind.
A short time later, Jim spoke with Rudy and Abby.  “Celia is scared.  She feels alone in the basement during the full moon.  Celia feels as if no one is protecting her.  Heck, aside from me, she does not know the good wolves from the bad wolves.  No wonder Celia attached herself to my wolf; for protection and self-preservation.”
Abby hung her head into her hands.  “I did not think about that.  I cannot believe how insensitive we have been.  We just assumed Celia would feel safe.”
“We dragged her into this mess and then just ignored her feelings.  Celia is safe, and I think she knows it or at least wants to feel safe.  But you are right.  Celia is in the basement alone while we are hunting.  I would be scared too,” Rudy admitted.
“What do we do to fix this?” Abby asked.
“I thought about it last night while lying beside her in her bed,” Jim stated.  Rudy and Abby just looked at him wide-eyed.
“Yes, I turned back into my wolf and slept beside her.  I had to.  I felt so guilt-ridden.  But anyway, here are my ideas.  First, during the full moon, after Celia leaves Gracey suite, she can sleep in the room across the hall.  I will guard the suite and Celia by lying at the threshold of the guest room.  And secondly, we show her the good wolves.  She needs to know what we look like,” Jim continued.  Both Rudy and Abby agreed it was a good plan.
It was a holiday weekend, and the staff had the weekend off.  The group had decided to meet in the kitchen and cooked brunch together, as a family.  At ten, as planned, everyone descended into the kitchen; Celia, the family, and the boys.  Jim pulled the boys to the side and explained the situation and his idea.  They agreed it was the right thing to do.  Abby informed Stone and Gracey.
“Celia, we want to show you something,” Jim told her calmly, holding her hands and looking into her eyes.  “Boys,” he called out.
Elmer and Charles walked back into the kitchen on all fours, in their wolf form.  “This is Charles,” Jim announced pointing to the chestnut colored wolf.  Charles bowed his head as to say hello.  “And this is Elmer,” Jim continued pointing at the black wolf.
Elmer walked over to Celia and raised his right paw and offered a handshake.  Celia could only laugh.  “Elmer, you are such a gentleman.”  Celia took his paw and shook it.
A moment later, Rudy and Abby entered.  “I can figure out who is who with these two,” Celia announced pointing out Rudy’s silver coat and Abby’s apricot coat.  Abby walked over to Celia and nuzzled her hand while Rudy bowed at her feet as if asking for forgiveness.
“But everyone has different color eyes,” Celia said has she looked at the four of them.  “Green, blue, yellow and yours were almost violet,” she said to Jim.  “So beautiful, everyone is so beautiful.  Thank you, Jim.  I feel safer already.”
“Now, let’s get changed and start on some breakfast,” Jim called out.  “I am starved.”
The wolves sauntered out along with Gracey and Stone.  “And I have a plan for the next full moon,” Jim began and told Celia his plan.
“I could just hug you, Jim, but I won’t,” Celia laughed.  “Thank you for being my friend and understanding, really understanding,” she finished sincerely.
“I am just sorry it took us so long to figure it out,” Jim replied and gave her a friendly hug.
Soon everyone was cooking, talking, and having a terrific time.  Celia was sitting at the table with a cup of coffee in hand, watching everyone trying to outdo the other with their cooking skills.  She could only smile.  It was the happiest day she had had in a long time.
Suddenly, Charles remembered, “Haley and I are supposed to have a picnic today.  What is everyone else doing?”
The family would be talking about the wedding preparations.  “Celia?” Jim asked.  “What do you want to do today?”
Celia thought about it for a few minutes.  “I know this does not sound like fun, but I would like to go home.”
Everyone was in shock and confused.  “Go home?”
“Yes, I need to pack up the last of my personal things and bring them here; the rest of my photos, my grandmother’s china and silver set, and a few other mementos.  This is my home now, or at least I think it is,” Celia announced.
“Of course Celia, you are welcome here as long as you want to stay.  You are family now,” Abby proclaimed.  "And we use first names from now on, at least, when the staff is off."  Everyone smiled.
“I am not worried about all the furniture, but I have a few antiques I would like to store away for now and decide later what to do with them.  May I put them in the common room for now?” Celia asked.
“Of course, Celia,” Rudy answered.
“Elmer, can we use your truck?” Jim asked.
“Better yet, I will help!” Elmer replied.  “We’ll grab some boxes on the way.”
“Gracey do you have anything left at the house you would like us to bring back?” Celia asked.
“I don’t believe so,” Gracey replied.  “But if you see anything which looks important; bring it with you, if you don’t mind.”
“I will, sweetie,” Celia nodded.
Everyone finished breakfast and helped load the dishwasher.  “Don’t worry about the rest of the kitchen right now,” Elmer told Celia.  “We will clean this up when we get back.”

The trio arrived at the boarding house.  Even Elmer was a bit nostalgic; having lived there for six years.  They started in Elmer and Gracey’s rooms, finding a few odds and ends missed during previous trips.
Celia was packing things from her room.  “Point out the furniture, you want to take, and we will load it first,” Elmer recommended.
“The blanket chest, of course, it was my great-grandmother’s; and the Tiffany lamps.  Please pack the quilt atop of the bed.  My mother and I made it.  After I pack a few more things here, this room will be done.”  Celia packed some of her clothing into a suitcase she retrieved from under the bed and added a few photos from around the room; photos of her ancestors.
Then Celia went downstairs.  They packed the china and the silver, some antique tablecloths, and more photos.  “The dining room set was my grandmother’s, but I don’t know if it will all fit in the truck,” she said sadly.
“Elmer and I will come back to get it tomorrow, I promise,” Jim told Celia.  “Is there anything else?”
“Just a few pillows my mother embroidered, and I would like to grab a few things from the kitchen, and I think we are done,” Celia said with tears in her eyes.
Celia had to sit down.  “I was born in this house.  I grew up here.  This is harder than I thought it would be,” she continued.  Elmer and Jim sat on either side of her, to comfort her.  “But it's not safe here.  I don’t feel safe here anymore,” Celia announced looking around.  “Let’s get the rest of my things and go.”  Celia dried her eyes and headed for the kitchen.
After picking out a few of her favorite pots and pans, her equipment for canning and preserving along with some other items for the basement kitchen, they finished packing the truck.
Celia went back to lock the door.  She stood there for a moment looking inside the house reminiscing and then took a deep breath.  She closed the door and walked to the truck.  “Let’s go home boys,” Celia told them and climbed in.
The trio arrived at Emerald Knoll a few minutes later.  Elmer stopped at the kitchen entrance so they could unload a few things there first.  As they walked into the kitchen, they found Abby and Rudy finishing the cleaning up from breakfast.  “What the…?” Celia called out.
“It is our way of saying we are sorry,” Abby announced and gave Celia a hug.
Rudy was up to his elbows in dish soap and wearing an apron.  “I got to get a picture of this,” Elmer exclaimed pulling his cell phone out of his pocket and snapping a few shots while everyone laughed.
Jim and Celia headed down the steps to the basement while Elmer pulled the truck around to the basement entrance.  After several trips, everything was unloaded and downstairs.
Celia unpacked the blanket chest leaving one quilt inside.  “Please, take this up to Gracey’s room,” Celia asked.  “She is the closest thing to a daughter I have, and I want her to have it.”
“Yes ma’am,” Elmer replied and retrieved the trunk.
Once Elmer had left the room, Celia turned to Jim.  “I want you to turn me.”
“What?” Jim exclaimed, jumping back.
“I need to be able to take care of myself.  I know the rest of you will keep me safe, but I need to be able to protect myself.  You cannot worry about Gracey and Stone and me.”
“You want me to bite you?” Jim asked.
“I am not asked for a mate, Jim.  I am only asking to be turned,” Celia explained.
Celia gasped when she heard Jim growl.


Chapter 18 - Vertamus

“I want what you have,” Celia told Jim a few seconds later.
“You want a fur coat?” Jim replied.
“No Jim, the connection, the camaraderie.  I watched everyone during breakfast.  You are a family.  I am an outsider.  I want what you have,” Celia explained.
“This is a monumental decision to make, Celia, and it cannot be based on emotions.  I did not have a choice.  Rafe bit me and turned me into a wolf.  Elmer’s change was by accident.  Abby was born a wolf.  Yes, Rudy decided to turn because of Abby, and Charles volunteered to turn to help the family.  If Gracey and Stone change, it will be because they want what Abby and Rudy have.”
“So emotions, they will base it on emotions,” Celia argued.
“Touché Celia.  Please think about a bit more.  We can talk again.  But, please think about it; the good and the bad,” Jim implored.
Celia did not reply.  Her mind was made up.  “This is just between you and me Jim, right?”
“Yes Celia, I will keep your secret,” Jim promised.
Elmer returned to the basement, and the trio finished setting up and putting Celia’s treasures away.  She was truly happy to have her favorite possessions around her.  She was even happier for help and companionship from Jim and Elmer.
“Guess I better put a light dinner together for everyone,” Celia announced.
“We can help,” Elmer offered, and the three went back upstairs to the kitchen.
“Looks like Charles put a few things together for a picnic,” Celia stated seeing the bread left out along with a few item items on the prep table.  “I wonder where they headed off to.”
“If it were me; the bluff; I would go to the bluff.  The view is magnificent from up there,” Elmer told her.
“I hope he doesn’t take Haley there,” Jim countered.  “The meadow needs to remain private.  I hope Charles had enough sense to pick an area between here and the bluff.  There is plenty of privacy for miles.”
“I heard before the view from the bluff is beautiful.  I would like to see it,” Celia remarked as she pulled a stack of steaks out of the cooler.  “Can someone start the grill for me?  I am thinking steak, stuffed baked potatoes, and salad.”
“Works for me,” Elmer replied and headed for the patio.
“I was also thinking a double peach cobbler for dessert.  Check the freezer for vanilla ice cream, Jim,” Celia asked with less than a happy inflection.
Jim was a bit worried.  He had watched Celia’s mood plummet and soar like a roller coaster all day.  Celia was pretending as hard as she could manage to fake happiness, but she was descending into the valley again.  How could he cheer her up?  Maybe once the entire group arrived for dinner, she would cheer up?  Maybe it would be worse?  Jim was deeply concerned.
Jim returned with the news there was plenty of ice cream and helped Celia load the oven with large baking potatoes.  Elmer had returned, and soon the three were chopping vegetables for the salad.  The group was always hungry after a hunt, and they were preparing twice as much as normal.
The family joined them in the kitchen, and together they finished the preparations.  “Inside or out?” Abby asked.  It was the first day of September and still in the 90’s and humid.  Everyone agreed, “Inside!”
“Kitchen or dining room?” Abby asked.  “Kitchen!”
“Thank you,” Celia sighed.  “I don’t need two rooms to clean up.”
“Abby and I cleaned up from breakfast.  I think its Stone and Gracey’s turn,” Rudy announced.
“What?” Stone called out while everyone else laughed.  Gracey laughed the hardest.
“Sorry, baby boy, but if I can have dishpan hands, so can you!” Rudy told his son.
“Yeah, check this out!” Elmer laughed and pulled out his cell phone with a photo of Rudy in an apron doing the breakfast dishes.
“I did hear you are supposed to be your dad’s apprentice, Stone.  So, dishes it is!” Celia chuckled.
The salad was ready, and Stone made the homemade dressing he had been taught earlier in the summer.  The potatoes were just about ready, and Gracey and Abby were helping with the potato toppings.  Jim and Elmer carried the steaks out to the grill.
“Elmer, I want you to be extra friendly to Celia.  She is having an extremely miserable day today.  She needs us to be her friends, her best friends,” Jim asked.
“I am worried about her Jim.  But if I know Celia, she will be okay.  She just needs a little time.  Watching her close and lock the boarding house was sad for me.  I cannot even imagine what she is experiencing.  Sixty years of living in the same house is a long time,” Elmer told Jim.  “So what can we do?” Elmer asked.  “And please don’t ask me to watch that stupid romance movie she likes so much.”
“We may have to,” Jim replied, shrugging.
Dinner turned into a free for all like breakfast had been.  Celia managed to laugh and joke a bit with the group.  Her peach cobbler was the hit of the night.  Celia’s baking was legendary throughout five counties.
Everyone helped with the preliminary cleaning of the kitchen, and then Rudy approached Stone from behind and tied an apron around Stone’s waist.  “I will let you use mine,” Rudy exclaimed laughing.  Everyone was in tears from laughing so hard.  Elmer pulled out his phone and got a couple shots.
“So want do you want to do tonight Celia?  It’s Saturday movie night,” Elmer asked.  “I can make some popcorn.”
“Maybe a walk in the garden for now,” Celia told him.  “I think some fresh air and the smell of the roses would do me good.”
“A walk it is then,” Jim told Celia, and the trio headed out for a stroll.
“Man, I cannot wait for the cooler evenings,” Elmer whined.  Jim smacked Elmer on the arm hard and leered at him.
Jim and Elmer walked behind Celia, as usual.  She was walking slowly, often stopping to take in the scent of the different roses.  “My grandmother’s roses, I forgot my grandmother’s roses!” Celia screamed in horror, tears flowing rapidly down her face.
“Celia, please don’t cry,” Jim told her, trying to comfort her.  “Elmer and I can get them tomorrow when we pick up the dining room set.  We will dig them up and bring them back to you.  Please don’t cry.”
“I need to go back in,” Celia informed them.  “Today has been too much for me.  Maybe a long bath and a hot cup of chamomile tea will help.  I think I will turn in early.”
Celia filled the teapot and put it on the stove.  She set up her teacup and went into her bathroom to fill the tub with hot water.  Upon return to the kitchen, she found Elmer and Jim on the couch watching her favorite movie.  Strange, she thought.  Celia finished preparing the tea and climbed into the tub.  The tea helped a bit, but the water had no effect on her shattered nerves.  When the hot water had become tepid, she gave up and dressed for bed.  Celia placed the teacup on the night table and climbed between the covers.  Despite her attempts to fall asleep, sleep failed to come.  She could faintly hear the movie playing on the TV.  Peeking out the door, Celia saw Elmer and Jim intently watching her favorite chick flick.
Jim noticed Celia out of the corner of his eyes and motioned for her to come over.  Celia donned her bathrobe and walked to the couch slowly.  As she sat down, Jim pulled her next to him.  She lay against him without hesitation.  Within minutes, Celia was asleep.  Elmer and Jim looked at one other with sadness in their eyes and shrugged.  They both knew Celia was truly sad and scared.
After the movie ended, Jim gently moved off the couch and picked Celia up into his arms.  He carried her to her bed and placed her snuggly under her quilt.  “It will get better Celia, I promise,” Jim whispered and softly kissed her on the forehead.  “Sweet dreams.”
Jim reentered the common area and was prepared for Elmer’s jibes.  Instead, Jim heard genuine concern.  “Is our girl going to be okay?” Elmer asked sincerely.
“I think so.  This is all too recent.  Celia's nerves are raw, and she needs time to heal.  All we can do is to be here for her,” Jim proposed.  “Be her friend and try not judge.”
Elmer nodded in agreement.  He cared deeply for Celia.
The next morning Celia appeared rested, and her mood was slightly more cheerful.  Jim and Elmer left directly after a quick breakfast to retrieve the dining room set and Celia's grandmother’s roses.  What they thought was going to be an easy task, turned out to be harder than they considered.  They had no idea how deep the root ball for rose bushes over sixty years old could be.  Even the added strength of being wolves did not help.
After digging up half a dozen different types of antique rose bushes, both Jim and Elmer were exhausted, sweaty and covered with dirt.  With the root balls wrapped, they looked at themselves.  “Before we get into my truck, we better shower first.  We’re nasty,” Elmer announced.  “Then we can move the furniture.  If we get the dirt all over Celia’s dining room set, she will kick our butts.”
Jim nodded in agreement.  Even has a human, he knew Celia could and would hurt him if provoked.
The men showered and changed into some clothes Elmer had left at the boarding house and then loaded the furniture into the truck.  Elmer stood in the hall to the kitchen and looked around.  “I lived here for six years.  I was hired to watch over Gracey, but it was Celia who watched over me.  She loved her garden.  She loved preparing our meals and taking care of Gracey and me.”
Elmer looked back at the garden again devastated at its current condition.  Dry, dead and destroyed.  “Have you ever tasted Celia’s jams?” Elmer asked Jim who shook his head no.  “You missed out brother.”
Then Elmer's eyes went wide.  “Wait a minute, I have to check.”  Elmer rushed to the pantry.  “Wahoo!” Elmer called out.  “Grab a box or two.  We hit the jackpot!”
Jim followed Elmer’s voice confused.  “What are you yelling about?”
“You have to taste this.  You will think you died and went to heaven,” Elmer exclaimed as he opened a jar of Celia’s homemade three berry jam and grabbed a spoon.  “Taste this,” Elmer told Jim as he scooped out a spoon full.
Jim tasted the jam and moaned out loud.  “Celia made this?” Jim asked.
“You bet.  See these blue ribbons?  This jam won a blue ribbon every year at the fair.  This stuff is worth its weight in gold.  I know people who would give up their first born for a jar of this jam,” Elmer enlightened Jim.  “Celia made it only for the county fair and for herself.  She never gave any away.  This is the stuff legends are made of.”
The two of them boxed up all of the preserves; all the jam, jellies, along with the fruits and vegetables.  Elmer laid all the blue ribbons on top.  He knew Celia would want them as well.  “These go in the downstairs kitchen.  They are Celia’s.  We will bring them in and put them in the cupboards.  I think she will like the surprise.”
Jim and Elmer arrived back at the mansion shortly past lunch time.  Celia was in the main kitchen cleaning up after the last group who had come in to eat.  As they entered the kitchen, Celia looked at them strangely.  “Those aren’t the clothes you left in.  You are too clean,” she proclaimed.
“So true,” Elmer confessed.  “We got a bit dirty unearthing your roses.  They were not easy to dig up.  We were filthy, and I think I tore a pocket on my jeans.”
“Bring them to me,” Celia told him.  Elmer went out the truck and retrieved the dirty clothes and handed them to Celia.  “It is going to take me a lot of scrubbing to clean these,” she said walking into the laundry room, almost smiling.
“Elmer, that pocket wasn’t torn.  What are you up to?” Jim asked.
“It dawned on me Celia is happy when she is taking care of others.  And she misses being the head of the family and taking care of us.  So I tore the pocket.  Maybe a little sewing will be therapeutic,” Elmer suggested 
Celia returned from the laundry room.  “I have those clothes presoaking.  I think I will be able to save them from the garbage.  Now I can only guess how hungry you are.”
“Yes, starving,” the duo confirmed.
“I hope so because I am making you an old-fashioned Sunday dinner; fried chicken, mashed potatoes and gravy, black-eyed peas, pan-fried okra and some corn bread.  I have already laid out some bread and butter pickles and sliced tomatoes.  If you have room, I have a chocolate cake in the icebox,” Celia announced.  “Unload the truck and clean up.  I will show you where I want the roses planted later.  Put them in the shade and make sure the root balls are wrapped and wet.  Don’t just stand there, move.”
“Yes, ma’am,” Jim and Elmer replied and did just as they were told.  They also unloaded the canned goods they had rescued from the pantry and put them in the basement kitchen cupboards.  They prayed the surprise would be a happy one.
Jim and Elmer cleaned up and joined Celia in the kitchen.  Despite their attempts to help out, she just smacked at them with whatever kitchen utensil she had in her hand at the time, a spatula, spoon, and even a knife and told them to relax.  "You have had worked hard enough for one day."
Lunch was scrumptious.  Elmer and Jim were delighted.  Celia was overjoyed.  After the three of them had cleaned the kitchen, Celia retired to the basement.  Elmer and Jim checked on the roses, and Elmer decided to patrol for awhile.  Jim found Celia sitting at her grandmother’s dining room table, looking over some books and catalogs about herbs.  Celia was frantically looking in the catalogs for one herb which she could not find.
“Celia, what’s wrong?” Jim asked, sensing her panic.
“I cannot find this herb in the catalogs, and I need it.”  Celia was trying to find one of the herbs Dr. Robertson’s colleague had recommended for Gracey and Stone’s potential fertility issues.  Celia knew she could not reveal the reason for needing the herb but needed help finding it.
“Let me help you, Celia,” Jim offered.  She gave him the name of the herb, Vertamus, and they searched the catalogs page by page to no avail.
“Do you have a picture of it in the book?  Maybe the name is wrong in the catalog,” Jim suggested.
Celia opened the book and found a photo of the herb and showed it to Jim.
“I have seen it somewhere.  I am pretty sure I have seen something which looks like this,” Jim exclaimed.  “I am going to have to remember where.  It will come to me.  Please be patient while I remember.”
“I need to find it soon Jim.  I cannot tell you why, but it is crucial I find it,” Celia stated anxiously.  “I will keep checking catalogs and websites.  But for now, I have lots of work to do.  I need to check on those clothes of yours.  I have never seen two grown men get so dirty.”
Everyone gathered for the preparation of Sunday dinner.  Cooking for a large group made Celia happy, but it was a chore.  Food for five men and three women, including her, was time-consuming.  During the week, with the help of Ms. McFarlin and Ms. Davies, it was a breeze. The weekends were tiring.  When the family entered the kitchen and asked how they could help, Celia welcomed the help.  They were the family she did not have.  Celia never had children and imagined this was what a house full of children and grandchildren would be like.
After dinner, Celia returned to her search for the last herb on her list.  Jim was on patrol, and Elmer approached to see what Celia was searching for.  “I am trying to find this herb.  No one sells it.  One website says it only grows in the wild.  Where am I going to find it?”
Elmer looked at the herb.  “I know where,” he answered nonchalantly.
“What?” Celia replied.
“It grows up on the bluff.  I swear it is the same one,” Elmer told her.
Celia jumped up, grabbed Elmer’s arm and pulled him toward the door.  “Let’s go.”
“Celia, we cannot go tonight.  We need full daylight to get there.  Some of the terrain is a bit dangerous even by four-wheel drive, and we do not have enough time to get there and back before the sun goes down.  We can go tomorrow,” Elmer told her.
After a couple trips around the perimeter, Jim returned to the basement.  “Elmer knows where the herb is.  It grows up on the bluff,” Celia announced.  “We are going tomorrow to get it.”
“Excellent, why don’t we pack a picnic lunch and enjoy some time looking over the meadow?  You said you would like to see it,” Jim suggested.
Everyone agreed it was a splendid idea.  “I am just so excited,” Celia told the two.  “I need some tea.”
Jim and Elmer looked at each other and watched Celia open the cupboard.  “My jams, where did these come from,” Celia asked while turning to look at Jim and Elmer.  Neither one said a word.  They just stood there with happy smirks on their faces.  “You guys are the best!” Celia exclaimed.

The next morning after a light breakfast, Celia packed a basket of snacks, and the three climbed into Jim’s Jeep.  “The bluff is about seven miles away, and the trip gets quite bumpy in a few miles,” Elmer told Celia.  “But once we are there, you will enjoy the view.”
“Celia, Elmer gave me a taste of your jam yesterday before we left the house.  It was the best I have ever tasted.  Are you thinking about canning any jam this year?” Jim asked, passing the time.
“I hadn’t actually thought about it.  Buying all the fruit just gets too expensive these days.  Sometimes I wish I had some berry bushes and maybe a few fruit trees.  Maybe some apples, cherries, peaches and even some pears would be good.  But where would I put them?” Celia asked.
Jim abruptly stopped the Jeep.  “Look around you woman, what do you see?”
“Land?” Celia answered.
Elmer was in the back about to burst; trying to keep from laughing.
“Look in every direction.  This is Emerald Knoll; one hundred square miles of land; most of it undeveloped.  I am sure we can find an acre or fifty for some fruit trees.”
“Do you think Rudy will allow me to plant a few trees?” Celia asked, timidly.
“Give him a taste of the jam, and he will plant the trees with his own two hands!” Jim proclaimed confidently.
They spent the rest of the ride talking about Celia’s awarding winning jams, pies, and cakes.  Elmer told Jim Celia was the best cook in the county if not the state.  Celia was a bit embarrassed.
When they arrived at the tree line, Jim stopped the Jeep.  “We have to walk from here.”  Jim grabbed the basket and Celia’s hand while Elmer grabbed the bucket and shovel.  The tree line was about fifty feet deep, but with fallen trees, one could trip if not paying attention.
When they cleared the wood line, Celia gasped.  She walked toward the edge of the bluff and looked out over the meadow.  “Omigod, this is paradise,” Celia exclaimed.
The three of them stood and looked out over the meadow.  The stream added more tranquility to the scene.  Jim backed up a few feet and laid a blanket on the ground.  “We might as well enjoy the view for a bit while we are here.”
The three sat on a blanket and just looked out silently.  After a few minutes, Celia took a deep breath.  “This is just what I needed.”
A few minutes later Celia asked Jim and Elmer, “Do you come up here often?”
“We came up here before the last full moon to take a look around.  But before then it had been years maybe a decade,” Jim told her.  “There is not a lot of good hunting up here, but for just taking a run, it is perfect.  I would come up here and just look out over the bluff.  It’s peaceful.”
“If I were a wolf, this would be my favorite spot,” Celia proclaimed.
Elmer looked at Jim wide-eyed but did not utter a word.  Jim shook his head gently as if to say, do not ask.
After sitting for a while and enjoying a light snack, Celia was anxious to find her elusive herb.  She pulled a copy of the photo out of her pocket.  “Let’s take a look, Elmer,” Celia said and stood up.
Elmer took another look at the photo and walked further south along the bluff.  “I think this is it,” he announced.  “Come take a look.”
All three looked at the photo and the wild-growing herb and agreed it was the one she was searching for, Vertamus.  “What is it for?” Elmer asked.
“It is for a specific home remedy I am working on.  That is all I can tell you for now,” Celia answered secretively.  Celia was amazed that the most crucial of all the herbs was found just miles away.  She knew God had answered her prayers.
Elmer started digging up the Vertamus.  “Leave at least half of it,” Celia instructed.  “We need to let some continue to grow wild in case the transplanting doesn’t take.  This stuff is important, really important.”
Elmer did as Celia instructed, and they gathered up their belongings for the trip back.  It was a successful hunt for herbs and a relaxing afternoon, or so the men thought.
Arriving back at the house, Celica picked a spot for the Vertamus.  Needing to ensure it was not disturbed; she found an isolated spot in the garden and planted it.  Then she pointed at the rose bushes sitting under the tree.  “Sorry guys but we have to get those into the ground.  They will be in shock for a while, but next spring I am sure they will come back as good as new.”
Remembering how hard it was to dig the bushes up, Elmer and Jim sighed in discontentment.  But if it made Celia happy, Elmer and Jim would do it.
The family was already gathering to prepare a holiday dinner.  Haley had a few hours before she had to leave to return to Nashville and was helping in the kitchen, as well.  Celia pulled an assortment of meat out of the cooler and started seasoning it for a slow cook on the grill.
The men were chopping vegetables for the side dishes, and Haley was showing Charles how to make the perfect antipasto.
“Haley, you’re Italian, right?” Celia asked.
“Yes ma’am,” Haley replied.
“Your last name is Rose correct?  So your father is not Italian?” Celia asked for clarification.
“Actually our last name is Rossini.  My father anglicized it when he became an adult,” Haley explained.
“Rossini?” Abby asked.  “Why is that name familiar?”
Haley just shrugged and went back to her antipasto.


Later that night Abby was lying in bed with the name Rossini was running through her mind over and over.  It had her puzzled and worried at the same time.
“Just relax Abby, it will come to you.  Let’s get some sleep.  It is business, as usual, tomorrow,” Rudy told her.


Chapter 19 - Kissing Cousins

With the holiday weekend over, everything was back to business as usual.  All renovations had been completed, and the grounds were quiet and empty again.
“It is time to start on the wedding plans,” Abby announced at breakfast.  “We have the dress, but everything else needs to be discussed.”
“You have the dress?”  Stone asked.  “When did that happen?”
The ladies just shrugged with a grin and said nothing.
“But we need to discuss flowers, decorations, cake, refreshments.  Even though it is a small wedding, I want it to be perfect.  I want it to be like a fairy tale,” Abby told everyone.  “So if you have a few moments, let me tell you what I was thinking,” Abby proposed.
Everyone knew better than to stop Abby, so they listened.
“I am thinking yards, and yards of white tulle draped along the banisters coming down the stairs with either garland of fresh roses or large satin bows.  We can carry the theme onto a white arch Gracey and Stone can stand under while they exchange their vows.”
“Oh, it is going to be beautiful,” Gracey said tearing up.
“Now for the cake, I have a couple of ideas.  I will need to get with the bakery after we have discussed my ideas and chose one.”
Just as Abby was midsentence, Celia had entered the room.  “Oh no, I am making Gracey’s cake.  You cannot take that away from me,” Celia called out.  Jim and Elmer were right behind her.
“Have you tasted this woman’s cakes?” Elmer asked.  “Much better than the bakery in town and I have seen how she can decorate a cake.  Celia is better than the bakers on those TV reality shows.”
“And no fondant!  This will be real buttercream with sugar roses and at least three tiers.  You just tell me what flavor cake and consider it done.  I will not need your wedding magazine photos.  I have the perfect cake in mind for Gracey.  It will be spectacular,” Celia proclaimed.
Abby sat in awe.  “Okay, Celia, you are in charge of the cake.  Just let me know what you need to be ordered, and I will get it for you.”
“And I have the perfect linens for the table,” Celia announced.  “We got them from the house last week.  I am sure when you see them, you will agree.”
“Okay, on to refreshments.  Of course, lots of champagne.  Rudy, order another case of the best; make it two.  This is a momentous occasion.  Our son is getting married.  And Celia let's talk about a few snacks, nothing substantial but certainly fancy.”
“Who is going to administrator vows?  Since the wedding will be family only, do we have someone we can call in?  Will it be safe?” Stone asked.
“I would like to do it,” Jim said meekly.
“What?” Rudy replied.
“I can get a license off the internet and do it.  It would be an honor to marry these two young ones,” Jim told them.
“Jim, you are the greatest!” Gracey exclaimed and ran over to give him a hug.
“What about photos?” Gracey suddenly remembered.  “I want a photo album.”
“What about Charles?” Stone suggested.  “He has a marvelous digital camera, and you’ve seen the photos he took in St. Louis.  I will ask him.”
“Now for what the men will be wearing and no arguments from anyone,” Abby told them.  “We need new tuxedos for Stone and Rudy; and new black silk suits for the boys.  I will have Alfred come over for measurements and get everyone’s attire put together.  And haircuts all around.”
“We ladies will pick out the bouquet and boutonnieres, and new dresses for Celia and me.  I think we covered most everything except the wedding license.  We will need to wait until next month for that,” Abby marked everything in her tablet and adjourned the meeting.
“In the meantime, I need to find Stone’s birth certificate for the marriage license.   Gracey, do you have yours?” Abby inquired.
“Yes ma’am,” Gracey replied.
Later that day, Abby went to her closet and unlocked a drawer in the bottom of a built-in dresser.  She removed a stack of documents looking for Stone’s birth certificate.  Also, in the stack are some photos of her ancestors and a family tree from her great-grandmother’s side.  Abby opened the family tree and thought about her grandparents’ arrival in the U.S.  Then she saw her grandmother’s maiden name, Santino.  Italian, she thought.  Maria Santino was her grandmother.  Next to Maria was her sister, Theresa Santino and her husband, Antonio Rossini.  Rossini.  Omigod.
Abby called Rudy immediately, “Get up here now and bring Stone with you.  We have a problem.”
Rudy knew it was urgent.  Abby did not call him on the phone.  She always came to visit.  A few minutes later Rudy and Stone were in the suite.  “Rossini, I knew I knew the name.  My grandmother was Maria Santino.  Her sister Theresa married a man, a wolf named Antonio Rossini.  According to my grandmother, Antonio was a vile person.  I remember the horrible stories she told about him.  They had a son Angelo and came to the U.S.  I am not sure about the rest of the line.  We need to do some investigating and see if Angelo is any relation to Haley.  If she is, we need to talk to Charles and soon.”
“I guess I need to go back to the library and do some digging in the archives,” Stone suggested.  “I am sure a lot of this will not be on the internet.  I will start with Haley and work backward.  Is it okay if I loop Gracey in and let her help me?” Stone asked.
“It is a bit dangerous for the two of you to go together.  There is no issue with you telling Gracey about it, but you will need to take me along if you go off property.  For now, we need to keep this under wraps, so I think this is a task for you and me, son.” Abby announced.  “I will need to be your bodyguard on this outing.”
Abby returned the documents and photos to their locked drawer for safe keeping. “Let me change clothes, and we will be on our way,” she told Stone.  

Once at the library, Stone approached Mrs. Grady and asked for a private room for him and his mother to complete their research.  “Are the county genealogy archives online?” Stone asked.
“Yes, but we limit access to some of the information.  You may not be able to access everything,” Mrs. Grady replied.
“It is really important I have full access,” Stone told her.  “Can you, will you, help me?” Stone asked coyly.
“Do you always get your way, Mr. Rudolph?” Mrs. Grady asked, blushing.
“I hope so,” Stone replied with a wink and a smile.
Mrs. Grady walked away to get the key and the fire pass for the archives.
“Son, did you just use your pheromones on that unsuspecting woman?” Abby asked.
“Is that what I did?” Stone asked his mother.
“Yes, son and it’s not right,” Abby chuckled with a smirk.  “But it worked.”
Mrs. Grady returned with the key and fire pass and led Stone and Abby to the research room.  She accessed the fire pass and gave Stone full access to all the county records.  
Stone started with Haley and moved back to her parents; Arthur and Hester Rose.  Then he found the name change; Alturo Rossini.  Then they searched for Alturo’s birth certificate.  His father was Angelo Rossini.
“Let’s find Angelo’s death certificate since he was born in Italy,” Abby suggested.
They found Angelo’s death certificate and saw his father’s name was Anthony, and his mother’s name was Theresa.
“Oh my,” Abby called out in a muffled scream.  “And look at this, he committed suicide.  Find Anthony’s death certificate, quick,” she demanded.
A few minutes later they were viewing Antonio Rossini’s death certificate.  Murdered by shooting was listed as the cause of death.  Stone and Abby just looked at each other in horror.  They were ninety-nine percent positive this was the same family line.  “Find the newspaper articles!” Abby insisted.
“Just a moment Mom, this was too long ago.  We will need the microfiche reels for these.  I will get them from Mrs. Grady.  Please try to relax, I will be right back,” Stone said trying to calm his mother.
Stone returned to the room with the microfiche reel and quickly found the newspaper articles and the obituaries.  “Make copies of everything," Abby demanded in a state of panic, "everything!”
“Breathe Mom, please breathe,” Stone said putting his arm around her.  “This is not the end of the world.  We just need to decide what to do next.  We will take all the documents home and figure it all out.  On the way home, I do have a couple of questions, though.”
Stone made the copies, calmed down his mother, and they readied to leave.  “Deep breaths, Mom.  Here, we go.”  They descended the stairs and returned the key, fire pass and microfiche reel to Mrs. Grady.  “Thank you, Mrs. Grady,” Stone told her with another wink and a smile.
Once in the car, Stone turned to his mother.  “So if Haley is part wolf, why hasn’t she turned?”
“She appears to be only one-eighth wolf.  Quarter wolves and so on do not have enough of the gene to trigger the turn.  But there are dangers.  We will need to talk to your father first and then to Charles.”
Arriving back at Emerald Knoll, Abby and Stone went straight to the Annex.  “Outside boys,” Abby told Charles and Elmer.  “And I mean outside; at least fifty feet away.  No eavesdropping.”
“Oh boy, this is family business.  I don’t even want to know,” Elmer exclaimed and walked as quickly as he possibly could, away from the Annex stopping only when he reached the garden.  Charles was at his heels.  Rudy was fierce as a business man, but Abby could be just downright ferocious and terrifying.
Looking back at the door momentarily, to ensure privacy, Abby called out.  “Haley is a wolf, okay, only one-eighth wolf but still a wolf.  And she is my cousin, my second cousin once removed.  Stone and Haley have the same great-great-grandfather, Alturo Santino.  They are third cousins.  Haley is family.”
Taking a breath, Abby continued.  “If Charles and Haley have sex and there is fluid transfer, blood, and semen, Haley's dormant gene will activate, and she will turn wolf.  We have to do something.”
“Abby, it’s going to be okay.  We will talk to Charles, but you need to calm down.  I know all the wedding plans have you a bit on edge but, please compose yourself.  I need you unruffled to help me explain all of this to Charles,” Rudy instructed.
Abby walked down the hall and into the bathroom.  It is not the end of the world. It is only another wolf, she said to herself looking into the mirror.
After taking several deep breaths and composing herself, Abby returned to the main office.  “I am ready but, please I need to start this conversation with Charles.  We have already talked about the dangers of wolf-human relationships.  It will be easier if I do it.”
Stone walked to the entrance to the Annex and called for Charles.  “Am I in trouble or something?” Charles asked nervously.  Stone did not answer.  This was Abby’s talk to have, not his.
“Charles,” Abby began.  “Is Haley still a virgin?”
Charles looked at Stone and Rudy embarrassed and afraid to answer.  “Charles, this is important,” Abby demanded.
“Yes,” Charles replied.  A resounding sigh came from the other three.
Abby led Charles to the couch and asked him to sit down.  “I do not know how to tell you this without alarming you but…” and Abby paused.  After a deep breath, she said it; just blurted it out before she lost her nerve.  “Haley is part wolf.”
“What the…?” Charles jumped up in dismay.
“Sit, I will explain her family tree in a few minutes, but we need to talk about sex first,” Abby continued.  “Haley is one-eighth wolf.  Her great-grandfather was a full wolf and her grandfather half wolf.  Every male in her line married a human female.  For this reason, the gene is dormant.  Unlike Gracey and Stone, Haley is not controlled by the full moon.  But since she is a virgin and you are a wolf, should the two of you have sex, and your semen mixes with her blood, even one drop, it could activate the wolf gene.  Haley could turn.”
Charles stood again and started pacing.  Feeling as if he was going to hyperventilate, he took a couple of deep breaths to calm himself.  “I get it now.  I get why we were drawn to each other so quickly.  No wonder she wanted to take the relationship further.  Was it her wolf gene?”
“It could be Charles.  I have not encountered this before, and I have no one to ask, but it is a possibility,” Abby replied.
“Well, sex isn’t on the plate.  We had already decided to wait.  After Haley spent a bit of time with Stone and Gracey and saw how close they were without having sex, Haley agreed to wait,” Charles informed the group.  “But she’s a wolf?  Are you sure?” Charles asked, needing definitive proof.
“I am sure.  When I was getting Stone’s birth certificate out this morning, I saw my family tree, and it included the name of Rossini.  Stone and I went to the library to check out Haley’s ancestry before we said anything to you.  Just in case there wasn’t a connection,” Abby told him.
“But there is,” Charles stated resigning himself to the truth.  “And I was dreading the possibility of the conversation maybe in the future of Hey Haley, by the way, I am a wolf.  But now I get to add Oh and, by the way, so are you.”
Stone tried to lighten the mood.  “But if you and Haley do get married, we will be cousins.”
“What is it with this family and kissing cousins?” Charles replied trying to find humor in the fact Stone and Haley were cousins but could not.
Charles sat trying to take it all in.  It was too much, too fast.  He had feelings for Haley, deep feelings, and now he understood why.  It was the wolf connection.  But there were too many human elements involved.  Did Haley know about her ancestors being wolves?
“I just need time to think about all of this,” Charles sighed, with his hands in his face.
“It is a great day for a run,” Rudy suggested.  “A run to the bluff might be an excellent idea.  Go to the stable and change.  See you in a couple hours.”
Charles nodded and walked out the back door of the Annex to the stable.  “He will be okay,” Rudy told Abby.  “The boy just needs to clear his head.  In the meantime, let’s all get back to work.”
Charles sprinted into the changing room and turned.  In a matter of seconds, he was running full speed towards the bluff.  Faster, faster, he told himself.  Charles needed to release the anger and confusion.  He was not sure why he was angry, but he was.  He leaped out of the wood line and onto the bluff and kept running.  The bluff sloped back down going south and further down into a wooded area to the east.  As Charles reached the southeast corner of the property, he reversed direction and ran back to the highest point of the bluff.
Reaching the top, Charles paced, still not able to compose himself.  Is she in love with me or my wolf? Charles pondered.  This was the source of his anger and uncertainty.  Me or the wolf?  Please let it be me!  The probability of Haley not knowing she was part wolf, led Charles to believe Haley was attracted him; not his wolf.
Once Charles pinpointed the cause of his insecurities; his dilemma, he was able to calm himself.   He sat and looked out over the meadow.  It was serene.  The sun was warm, and it felt good just to lie there and relax.  After a short nap in the sun, Charles awoke, ready to return to the stable.  He decided to first walk along the bluff.   Charles came across a clump of plants and stopped to check them out.  He took a smell and felt his body inflate as if the plant was providing him strength.  Charles thought it strange but dismissed it due to the emotional revelations of the afternoon.  He turned north and headed back to the stable.
Showered and redressed, Charles returned to his post.  He sat quietly and thought about Haley.  Did she know about her grandparents?  Did she know she was a wolf?  Since they occasionally talked about his father, he would turn the tables and ask about her family.

Celia was in the basement putting together her final list before she ordered the herbs Dr. Robertson had suggested for Gracey and Stone.  Stone had provided Celia with his credit card to pay for the order.  Celia had already cleaned out a drawer in her bedroom dresser to hide the herbs which could not be used for cooking.  No one but the four of them knew the purpose for those herbs.
It was a few weeks until the next full moon, but Celia had to be ready.  Once she had all the ingredients, she could put formulate the blend of herbs for Gracey and Stone.  Their treatment would start after the next full moon.
Celia made herself a cup of green tea.  I need to detoxify and be ready for Sunday, she thought to herself.  Then I will be ready.
Celia turned on the communal laptop and ordered the herbs.  She ensured she cleared the temporary files and the site history and returned to the kitchen.

The staff was appreciative of their new work schedules; Monday through Friday.  The group had decided two days a week of privacy allowed them to relax even if it did mean communal cooking duties.  They were actually enjoying the camaraderie they shared while being together in the kitchen.  Being able to let down their guard, they could truly have fun, and they did.  On the weekends, they were family.
The four-day work week went by quickly.  Celia’s herbs arrived on Friday complements of express shipping.
Charles was nervous about Haley’s visit on Saturday and shared his concerns with Stone.
“Do we have a new movie for Saturday?” Charles asked.
“Arrived today,” Stone replied.  “Don’t worry Charles.  I think I know a way to pull this off.  Just trust me and follow my lead.  I cannot share my plan with you.  I need you to be spontaneous,” Stone exclaimed.
Saturday night, the two couples met at Charles’ apartment for the weekly movie.  The trio in the basement was setting up their own version of movie night, as well.  Elmer made the popcorn, and Jim helped Celia carry the drinks to the coffee table.  Celia sat in her usual spot between Elmer and Jim.  She was happy again.  Elmer and Jim smiled at each other; their girl was back to normal.
Elmer started the movie, and Jim wrapped his arm around Celia and pulled her close.  “It is a scary one tonight Celia, but I got you,” Jim told her.
“Hope you are ready for the bruises, Jim,” Elmer chuckled. “And Celia, don’t hurt Jim too much when you jump.”  Elmer was not sure what was going on between Celia and Jim, and he was not going to ask.  Jim and Celia were comfortable together like two old friends.  They were content, and it was all that mattered.
“Haley,” Stone started before Charles turned on the movie.  “I really liked the antipasto you made last week.  Gracey has been trying to teach me to cook a little, but she is not Italian as you are.”
“I can teach you if you like.  It's not hard,” Haley offered.
“Wonderful, I would like that.  Did I hear you say your family name is Rossini?  Were they from Italy?” Stone continued.
“Yep, my great-grandparents came over early last century when my grandfather was a baby,” Haley informed them.
“This is your father’s family?” Stone asked.
“Yes, I did not know them.  My grandfather and his father had passed away before I was born.  A big family scandal so my mother told me.  From what I understand my granddad and his father got into a big argument after my father was born.  It was something about my granddad not wanting my father to continue in the family business.  It seems my granddad did not like his father.  According to my mother, he was not a pleasant man.  So according to the family tales, my grandfather killed his father after a heated argument, and then he killed himself,” Haley explained.
“What was this family business?” Gracey asked curiously.
“Got me, Daddy says he doesn’t know, but after he grew up and his grandparents and parents died, he moved to Lone Hill and changed the name to Rose.  He met my mom here.  He says he found him an authentic Italian girl and married her for her lasagna.”
“Is he hiding from the mafia or something?” Charles piped in jokingly.
“I doubt it.  I just think he wanted to Americanize the name.  Rose is easier than Rossini.”
“Makes sense," Charles shrugged realizing Haley did not know much about her ancestors and dimmed the lights.  "Movie time?”  
Later that night after Haley left, Stone told Charles, “I don’t think she knows.  There was no change in Haley’s heartbeat or breathing.  If her father knows, he hasn’t told her.”
The trio in the basement finished their movie, as well.  Celia was gathering the dirty glasses and bowls and washing them quickly before retiring.  “Are you okay Celia?  I hope the movie wasn’t too scary for you,” Jim inquired.
“I am okay Jim and thank you for asking.  You truly are a dear friend,” Celia told him.
“Sweet dreams, Celia.  If you need me, just call down to my room.”
“Thank you, Jim, good night.”

The family met Sunday morning to prepare breakfast.  They agreed on pancakes, sausage, and ham.  Elmer excused himself and ran downstairs for a couple of jars of jam; a jar of his favorite three-berry jam and a jar of the peach butter for Gracey.  He knew Gracey would be ecstatic.  Back at the boarding house, Elmer would use the jam instead of syrup on his pancakes.
Coming back to the kitchen, he handed the peach butter to Gracey.  “Omigod, where did you get this?”  Gracey called out.
“We rescued them,” Elmer replied.
“What is that?” Rudy asked.
“Omigod, Rudy, grab a spoon and sit down.  This stuff will knock you off your feet,” Elmer told him as he opened the jar of three-berry jam.
Rudy took a small taste and moaned in ecstasy.  “Where did you get this?” Rudy begged.
“Celia makes it!” Jim replied.  “Have you ever tasted anything better in your life?”
“I truly cannot say I have.  And you know I am a foodie.  Celia, I have heard legends about your three-berry jam.  Is this it?”
“Yes, sir.”
“This is nirvana in a jar.” Rudy proclaimed.  “I would pay a hundred dollars for just one jar.  Hell, I would give you my son for a case.”
Celia blushed.
Abby came over for a taste, doubting Rudy's proclamation, and instantly swooned.  “Woman, we need to talk.  I knew you were talented, but this is…sorry, there is not a word for it.  It not only tastes delicious, but it makes you feel euphoric.  It is intoxicating.”
Jim knew a convenient segue when he heard one and thought of the orchard conversation from the previous week.  “Rudy, would it be possible to plant some fruit trees and maybe some berries bushes on a few acres to the west of the house?”
“Celia, are you thinking of making more of this?” Rudy asked, almost prayerful.
“Well, I do not have any fruit for this year, but we can plant for next year,” she replied hopefully.
Rudy walked over to Celia and kissed her firmly on the forehead.  “Woman, you can have anything you want.  Just draw up your plan and itemize your list and I will personally supervise the planting of the orchard and berries.”
Rudy took the jar of jam and stared at it.  “How many jars of this are left?” Rudy asked in dread.
“Maybe six or eight,” Elmer replied.
“Six or eight, is that all?” Rudy whined imagining having to wait another year before tasting the jam again.  He instantly stared at Celia.  “How much can you make in a weekend?  Better yet how much can we make in a weekend?  I cannot wait until next summer for more of this.  I will pay for everything!”
Rudy was acting like a drug addict after his first taste of crack.
“I usually put up two dozen jars in a day by myself.  So in a kitchen this huge, with eight of us, we can do a couple of hundred jars.  But it will be a mammoth undertaking, and it will not be cheap,” Celia proclaimed.
“Give me a list of everything you will need in the morning and I will have it delivered by Friday.  Everyone, clear your weekend; we are making jam!” Rudy announced.
After breakfast, Celia returned to the basement to make herself a cup of tea.  She pulled a small bag of herbs out of her pocket and placed a pinch of it into the cup.  She inhaled deeply.  Smells like mint, she declared.  She took a sip.  Bitter, she thought and drank it quickly.  Taking a deep breath, Celia felt stronger if only for a moment.
Celia sat for a moment and started on her list for Rudy.  She wrote down the ingredients for her normal batch and then multiplied the quantities by eight.  Then she remembered her secret ingredient, the syrupy concoction she used to make her jams almost addictive.  Celia's special ingredient was the reason for her blue ribbons.  It was a million dollar recipe.  She knew these ingredients separately were already available and would not need to add them to the list.  She just needed some privacy to put it together.
The next morning Celia provided the list to Rudy.  During the week, the boys would be at the Annex and the staff upstairs so Celia would be able to put together her secret syrup.  That evening, after the staff had left, she gathered the items from the pantry and stored them in her room.  She would make the syrup the next afternoon.
Celia went to the basement after each meal and made herself a cup of tea.  Each time should pull the herb bag from her pocket and add a pinch of the dried leaves.  Since it was bitter, she would bring the cup to her lips and drink it down without stopping.  By the end of the week, Celia swore she felt stronger.  This going to work, she told herself again.

Saturday morning, the group gathered for a quick breakfast, and then Rudy handed each of them an apron.  Across the top of each apron were the words 'Celia’s Assistant.'  Then he handed one to Celia 'The Boss.'
“Just tell us what to do boss,” Rudy said bowing to Celia.
“Boys, start carrying everything into the kitchen,” Celia commanded.  “Let’s get organized.  This is going to have to be an assembly line if we are going to do two hundred jars.”
“And there won’t be any other cooking in this kitchen today, so I hope someone is going spring for some pizza or Chinese carryout,” Celia added.
“Pizza and Chinese!” The boys called out.  “Wahoo!”
Celia put each person to a task closely supervising each one.  Soon there were pots of berry slurry and canning jars on two double wide stoves with six burners on each one.
Celia reached beneath the counter and pulled out two bottles of her secret syrup.  She accurately measured the proper amount for each pot and stirred it in.  Everyone watched and wondered.  “This is the secret to my jams.  This part of the recipe, I will not share; ever.”
“We have time for a short break,” Celia announced while they were waiting for the fruit to simmer and reduce.  “See everyone in fifteen minutes.”  Celia excused herself and took the bottles of syrup with her.  After locking up the bottles, Celia went to the staff kitchen and made herself her second cup of tea for the day.
It was time for the first jars to be prepared.  Celia approached the stove to grab the first pot of slurry, and Jim was there to help her.  “Let me get that for you.  I know it is going to be heavy,” Jim told Celia.
Celia elbowed Jim out of the way and picked up the pot with ease.  “I am stronger than I look, old man,” she told him.
Jim was astonished.  Everyone else just laughed.  Celia showed the group how to fill the sterilized jars and how to return them to the hot bath.  And the assembly line proceeded.  Soon they had filled and finished nearly two hundred jars.
As they were getting ready to store them, Rudy pulled out another surprise.  He had ordered professional labels for the jam.  'Celia’s Nirvana in a Jar.'  Celia almost cried.
“Let’s clean this place up and then we will order dinner,” Rudy instructed.
“Dinner is already ordered,” Charles proclaimed with a grin.  “Hope you don’t mind, but I took the liberty of arranging dinner.  It will arrive in just a few minutes.”
A few minutes later, Haley arrived.  
The smell of garlic and tomato sauce and Italian sausage soon filled the room covering the smell of sugar and berries.  “Charles told me y’all were making jam today, so I spent some time in the kitchen myself.  This is my mother’s lasagna recipe.  I also have garlic bread, some of Stone’s favorite antipasto and some Italian sausages.  I know today was a family event, and I know I am not family, but I just thought the lasagna would be better than pizza.”
Abby quickly cleared the side hutch in the dining room, and they set up buffet style.  Everyone was carrying in the plates and other dishes and utensils.  Rudy entered behind everyone with a few bottles of red wine to complement the pasta.
Smelling the food, everyone was drooling.  They had put in a long day in the kitchen but had barely eaten.  “This is great,” Charles exclaimed.  Everyone echoed his sentiment.  Haley sat for a moment watching the family eat like they had not had a meal all day.  Suddenly she laughed.  Everyone stopped and looked at her.
“My goodness, it is always like this?” Haley asked.
Abby spoke.  “I think we have all forgotten our manners.  Look at us eating like a bunch of animals.”
Everyone just at each other in amazement and broke down laughing.
“We’re sorry Haley,” Rudy apologized.  “But this is good, really good.”
“Well, it is the recipe that made my father fall in love with my mother,” Haley told them.
“You made this yourself?” Rudy asked.  Haley nodded with pride.
“Young lady, if I wasn’t already married to this gorgeous woman here.  I would have to steal you away from the young pup at your side,” Rudy replied.  “This is really good,” he repeated.
“Manners everyone,” Abby demanded with an admonishing glare.  “There is plenty of food for seconds, and probably thirds, so let’s slow down and thoroughly enjoy this fabulous food.”
“Yes ma’am,” everyone replied obediently.
Haley continued to watch everyone.  “I don’t get it,” she finally said aloud.
“Don’t get what?” Rudy asked confused.
“The first time I came here, in July, I was intimidated.  This is Emerald Knoll.  Everyone is in awe of this place.  Look at all of this.  If you had called out my name, I would have snapped to attention like a private standing in front of a four-star general.  And now I am sitting here watching the bunch of you eating like vultures on yesterday's road kill.
“I know who is who and who does what, but you act like a family; a real family.  I do not get it.  Four of you are family; Mr. and Mrs. Rudolph and then Stone and Gracey.  The rest are employees,” Haley finished.
“Yes we have a family, and we have employees.  The people sitting around this table are family.  We work here together.  We live here together.  We are a family,” Rudy proclaimed.  “We take care of each other and care for each other.  I can safely say there isn’t one person here who would not lay down their life for the person sitting next to them or across from them,” Rudy continued.
The group looked around and nodded in agreement.
“Because we have employees during the week, we are more formal, but on the weekends, it is just us.  We work as a family, and we have fun as a family,” Rudy finished.
“I am in awe,” Haley replied.  “I have my parents and my Uncle Joseph and his family.  They are my blood relations, and we aren’t as close as you guys are.”
“Sweetie, we live in Tennessee, there is a good chance we are all related,” Abby chuckled while Stone kicked Charles under the table.
“So Gracey, how many more days left until the wedding?” Haley asked.
“I honestly haven’t been counting, but we are moving along with the plans.  Celia is going to make a cake, and we have some exciting ideas for decorating the house,” Gracey announced.
“I wish I could be here for your big day, but I understand the risks so just make sure you have lots of pictures,” Haley told Gracey.
“So is everyone full?” Haley asked, looking around.  Everyone moaned.  “Oh well, I guess dessert is out of the question then,” she told them.
“Dessert, you brought dessert too?” Rudy asked.
“I have a couple of Italian style cheesecakes in the cooler, but since you say you’re full…” Haley teased.
“Bring it on!” Rudy told her.  “I am never too full for authentic homemade cheesecake.”
Celia, Gracey, and Haley went to the kitchen to get the cheesecakes and dessert plates and forks.
“Son, that girl is a keeper!” Rudy told Charles once the ladies had left the room.
The ladies soon returned with dessert and with the first bite Charles was certain he was in love.  Haley’s mother may have won over her father with the lasagna, but for Charles, it was the cheesecake.
After dinner, the table was cleared, and everyone assisted with the cleanup.  Everyone knew their part, and everything was cleaned up and washed within fifteen minutes.  Haley watched in awe again.  It was as if the whole thing had been choreographed.  Everyone was in tuned to each other’s movements, and it was like a dance but without the music.
Rudy grabbed a bottle of wine and another slice of cheesecake.  Then he wrapped his arm around Abby’s waist.  “I am tired, woman.  Let’s go upstairs,” he told her.  Everyone chuckled.  Their voracity for each other was no secret.
“Are they always like this,” Haley asked embarrassedly.
“Normally, it’s worse,” Stone confessed about his parents.
“Movie?” Charles suggested.
“I actually am tired,” Gracey told them.  “So can I beg off for tonight?”
“Charles the movie is already set up if you and Haley want to watch without us.  I am going to join Gracey,” Stone stated.
“You can join us,” Elmer suggested to Charles and Haley.  “But we are watching last week’s movie.”
“Actually, I spent most of the day in the kitchen myself, so while I hate to leave, I think I am going to head home,” Haley announced.  “Charles, will you walk me out?”
“Is everything okay?” Charles asked once they were outside.
“Everything is good.  But I am exceedingly tired.  If we go up to your apartment, I will probably just fall asleep.  I will come back in the morning, and we can spend some time together before I head back to school.”
“Okay, call me in the morning, and we can hang out for a bit.”
“Good night Charles.”
Charles took Haley into his arms and kissed her.  When she responded passionately, he knew she was in love with him, not his wolf.
“Now, go girl, before I change my mind about you staying; even if you do fall asleep,” Charles told her and stepped back.
It was the first Saturday night in weeks Charles had spent alone.  But he welcomed the alone time.  He had to think about Haley and their future.  Was Haley the one he wanted to spend forever with?
During the summer, with Haley spending more time with Charles, Jim and Elmer was spending more time in the basement.  Slowly they had moved their belonging into the main house.  They officially moved in after Celia confessed she was scared staying in the basement alone and closing up the boarding house.
Celia made herself another cup of tea and walked into her room.  She needed privacy to put the herbs into her tea.  She drank down the cup and left her room.
“Movie?” Elmer asked.  “Or is everyone as tired as me?”
“Bushed,” Jim replied.
Elmer said his goodnights and took his leave.  Jim turned to Celia.  “You are the only one not tired, the tea you have been drinking all day must be magical,” Jim joked with a yawn.  “But I can keep you company for a while if you like.”
“Why don’t you get some sleep,” Celia suggested.  “I haven’t done any reading in a while, and so I am just going to curl up in my room and read for a bit.”
Jim kissed Celia on the forehead and told her goodnight.  “Good night, Jim,” she replied.
Celia dressed for bed and curled up in her easy chair.  She pulled a book out of the table and stared at the cover.  Two emerald green eyes stared back at her.


Chapter 20 - She Loves Me

Sunday brunch was becoming the favorite meal of the week.  Everyone was pulling out their favorite omelet fillings and chopping, cutting and shredding.  Everyone was laughing and enjoying their time together as a family.
Haley knocked on the kitchen door, and Elmer let her in.  “Brunch?” Haley asked.
“Sorry, I forgot to tell you.  On Sunday, we eat later.  Grab a cup of coffee or a cappuccino, and I will be ready soon,” Charles told her.
“Cappuccino?” Haley inquired.
“Sure,” Stone told her and walked over to the machine.  “Vanilla or mocha?” Stone asked.
“Mocha!” Haley replied gaily.
Stone made Haley a mocha cappuccino and walked it to her.
“When did you learn how to make a cappuccino?” Gracey asked.
“I have been practicing,” Stone grinned smugly.
“Wow, this is good,” Haley proclaimed a bit surprised.
After a few sips, Haley asked if there was any sausage left from the previous night.  “Any refrigerator dough or puff pastry?” Haley asked.
“There should be some dough in the walk-in,” Celia told her.  “Let’s look.”
Haley found the dough and grabbed some fresh garlic, basil, and mozzarella.
“Are you making what I think you are,” Celia asked.  “Focaccia?”  
“We just call in breakfast pizza,” Haley replied.
Haley found a spot on the prep table and laid out the dough.  She drizzled olive oil over the dough and topped it with garlic and basil leaves, finishing with slices of tomato, mozzarella, and sausage.  Haley walked over to the oven and popped it in.
When Haley pulled the pizza out of the oven, the entire room froze and stared.  Haley picked up a knife and cut it into squares.  She picked up a corner slice and sat down.
“Help yourself!” Haley called out laughingly.
The group rushed to the table nearly fighting each other to get the next piece.
“Vultures,” Haley laughed.
Elmer took the first bite.  “Omigod Charles, if you do not propose to this woman right now, I will!”
Charles blushed.  Haley gloated.
“Did you know this girl could cook this well, Charles?” Jim asked.
“No, but I know now.”  It was Charles’ turn to gloat.
After breakfast and cleanup, Charles and Haley went for a walk.  Charles took her hand and walked west.  Their relationship was a bit like Gracey and Stone’s.  It was intimate without being sexual.  They enjoyed each other’s company and often said nothing at all.
“I realized today you are full of surprises.  Where did you learn to cook so well?” Charles asked.
“In my mother’s kitchen.  She taught me how to cook all of her recipes.”
“I know we have only been seeing each other for a couple of months, but I was wondering what your plans are when you graduate next summer.”
“Well actually, I have doubled up my classes this semester, and I will graduate in December,” Haley told Charles.
“December?” Charles asked stunned.
“I am thinking about teaching.  I am looking to get my teaching certificate right after graduation.  I will have a major in earth sciences with a double minor in horticulture and green technology.”
“Damn girl.  What kind of genius are you?”
Haley chuckled.  “I am not a genius, but I have worked with my uncle on and off for years.  I like growing my own food, and I have some ideas for growing organically.  Green technology is more of a hobby for me, but I would like to expound on it with more practical applications for the average homeowner.  But in the meantime, I have to earn a living, so I think I will teach,” Haley explained.
“So you will be back in Lone Hill full time after graduation?” Charles asked.
“Yep.”
“Wow.  There is so much I don’t know about you,” Charles confessed.
“How about we share a fact a day about ourselves,” Haley suggested.
“I like it.  So mustard or ketchup on your burger?” Charles asked.
“Both, I like mine with all the fixings and extra onions,” Haley told him.
“Same here.  See, we already have one thing in common.”
Charles looked at the position of the sun in the sky.  “It is nearly time for you to leave again.  Let’s head back.”
As they turned back towards the house, Charles stopped.  He took Haley’s face into his hands and kissed her tenderly.  “Haley Rose, I love you!”
Looking into Charles' eyes, Haley replied, “I love you too, Charles Simmons.”
Charles walked Haley back to her vehicle and kissed her goodbye.  “Call me when you get there,” he told her.
Charles watched Haley all the way down the drive.  When Haley turned onto the main road, Charles jumped into the air and screamed.  “She loves me!”

There were two weeks left until the September full moon.  Abby continued to make the wedding plans; Celia took her herbs, Saturday movie night continued.  Each weekend the staff was off duty, and the family would spend the weekends together cooking and enjoying each other’s company.
The full moon would be on a Sunday, and Charles was glad Haley would be returning to Nashville in the afternoon.  Therefore, no excuses would need to be made as to why they could not spend the evening together.  Charles hated keeping secrets from Haley, but he knew until he knew they would be spending their lives together, this was the only way to protect Haley and the family.
About a week before the full moon, Jim was asleep in his quarters in the basement.  He awoke suddenly to the sound of Celia’s voice.  Not sure if she was awake, or just talking in her sleep, Jim walked down to Celia's room.  He listened at the door but heard nothing.  Strange, Jim thought to himself and went back to bed.
The following night, Jim heard Celia’s voice again and went down to investigate.  Again there was no sound coming from Celia’s room.  The next morning Jim asked Elmer if he had been awakened by Celia’s voice in the middle of the night.
"Senility must be setting in, old man," Elmer replied, joking as if it was Jim's imagination.  Jim shrugged it off.

On the night of the full moon, everyone followed their normal routine.  After dinner and shots, Abby, Rudy, and Jim would hunt and then Charles and Elmer would hunt.  Jim would stand guard over Gracey and Celia, with Celia in the guest room across the hall from Gracey’s suite.  Jim understood Celia’s fears now, and he would ensure she felt safe.  Jim seemed to be attuned to Celia's feelings, and it was crucial to him she knew he was there for her.
Rudy, Abby, and Jim went to the stable and turned.  Elmer and Charles were guarding the grounds.  When Stone returned to Gracey’s room after his shots, instead of going to the guest room, Celia snuck out to the stable with her favorite quilt.
Jim ate quickly and left Rudy and Abby in the meadow for some alone time.  As he started back to the stable, he could hear Celia crying out for help.  But the sobbing was not audible, it was in his mind.  Do you hear that? Jim asked Rudy and Abby.
Hear what? Rudy and Abby replied.
Sorry, I am hearing things again, Jim answered and ran quickly back to the stable.
Jim, I need your help, he heard telepathically.  Jim reached the stable and found Celia in an empty stall wrapped in her quilt.  Celia was crying and in pain.  Jim looked at her, and her hair was tan, wolf tan and her eyes were light brown with yellow flecks.  Jim turned human quickly and ran back to her wearing only a pair of jeans.
“I tried to do it myself.  I took the herbs, but I couldn’t turn,” Celia cried out in pain and in despair.
“Why did you do this?” Jim asked.  “Why didn’t you tell me?”
“You acted like you did not want me to turn, to be like you,” Celia replied.  “Jim, I am in love with you.  I was hoping once I turned you would feel the same about me.”
“Stupid woman, don’t you know I love you just the way you are.  I would love you whether you were human or wolf.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Celia asked.
Jim took Celia into his arms and kissed her passionately.
“I am going to turn back and see if I can coax the change,” Jim told Celia.
The moment Jim turned he can feel the telepathic connection, but Celia was not able to turn.  Jim turned back human and carried Celia to the guest room and put her to bed and lay beside her in half wolf form while watching the door to Gracey’s suite.  When Abby and Rudy returned to the house, Jim waited for them to retire and then took Celia back to her own room and put her to bed.  Jim lay beside her, as a human, atop of the covers.  “Good night Celia,” he told her.
“Good night Jim,” Celia replied.  Jim did not leave her side all night.

The next morning Celia's physical appearance had returned to that of a normal human.  Still, Jim insisted she call Dr. Robertson.  “I took the Vertamus.  I felt stronger, but I could not turn,” Celia told the doctor.
“The herb helps to activate the gene for those with enough wolf DNA in their bloodline, but it will not work for humans,” Dr. Robertson explained.  “And Celia, most humans who do not complete the change can have psychological issues.  You will feel the pull of the moon, but your body will not turn, and it can be painful; very painful.  You see what it is like for Gracey every month even with painkillers.  You could experience the same severity of pain; maybe worse.  But for now, how do you feel Celia?”
“Strong, really strong,” Celia answered.  “Dr. Robertson, if I was bitten what would happen?”
“If you are bitten, you will change on the next full moon as expected.  And you will probably find it easy to change.  Your body will be ready.  But be careful until then.  The Vertamus has made you strong, as strong as a full-blooded wolf and maybe more.”
“Please, Dr. Robertson, please do not tell Mr. and Mrs. Rudolph,” Celia begged.
Jim ended the call and turned to Celia.  “I could not stand to see you in pain like Gracey.  I love you too much,” Jim confessed and took Celia’s arm into his hands.  “Will you be my mate, Celia Maple?”
Celia nodded with a tear in her eye.  “I will do this a gently as I can,” Jim told Celia and bit her on the arm just breaking the skin.  Jim licked the punctures several times to ensure his saliva had mixed with Celia's blood.  “Our secret for now, okay?” Jim said.  Celia nodded in agreement.

The next day Celia asked, “Jim do you still have your apartment in town?”
“Darn, I forgot about the apartment.  Guess I had thought once Gracey was safe I would be moving back.  It is paid up through the end of the year,” Jim replied.  “With everything that has happened, I guess I need to move out and bring my things here.  I rented it furnished, so it's just a few personal items.”
“I was thinking.  You, I, and Elmer are like our own little family.  Maybe we can talk to Rudy about letting us set up the basement for our own place.  Make it a bit cozier.  I am thinking about selling the boarding house.  We can bring a few more things from the boarding house and spruce up the place.  I have a feeling I will be living here for a long time.”
“Me too, Celia.”  And Jim kissed her.
“Jim, none of that for now,” Celia said as she swatted Jim away.  “We need to keep it a secret until after the wedding and until the full moon.”
“How about in private?” Jim asked with a glint of hope in his eyes.
“You mean sleeping together?”
“Just to keep you safe, of course.  I will stay on top of the covers.  Just like Stone and Gracey.  I will behave.  I promise." 
Celia smiled and agreed.

The first Monday in October, a week after the September full moon, Gracey and Stone decided they would start taking the antidotes for the shots they had been taking for ten or more years.  They wanted to be ready to turn on the next full moon as well as be able to have a family.
Gracey requested salads for lunch for both her and Stone and then went to the garden.  She cut a fresh bouquet of flowers for her room and two lavender roses.
As the family gathered for lunch, Gracey arrived last, carrying the two roses.  She walked to Stone and presented him a rose along with a kiss.  They placed the roses on the table and waited for Rudy and Abby to start eating first.  Then they picked up their roses, tore the petals off the stems and placed the petals onto their salads.
Rudy and Abby looked up.  “What the…” Rudy called out.
Abby jumped up in celebration.  “They’re going to turn!”  Abby was so happy she was crying as she hugged them both.
“Why? What made you change your mind?” Rudy asked curiously.
“We want what you have.  We want forever as long as we can,” Stone replied.
“And…” Gracey started, looking at Stone.  “We want children.”
“Children…grandchildren,” Abby exclaimed as the tears started again.
“But you could have children without turning,” Rudy said.
“Actually…no,” Stone began and told his parents about how the drug which prevented the turn also worked as birth control on both males and females.
“No wonder I didn’t have any more children,” Abby cried remorsefully.  “I am so sorry Rudy.  It was my fault.”
“No, my sweet, don’t you cry.  We have a beautiful son and a beautiful daughter-in-law.  Our life is good,” Rudy told Abby.
Meanwhile, Celia was downstairs having another cup of tea.  She looked into the mirror and noticed her hair had returned to its natural color, a light brown.  And she noticed her clothes were getting baggy.  She closed the door to her room and stripped.  Looking at herself in the mirror, she noticed her muscle tone and slimming waist line.  And she looked younger, really younger.  Is this from the Vertamus? Celia wondered.
Celia looked at the dress which had been delivered for her to wear to Gracey and Stone’s wedding.  While it was expensive and attractive, it was matronly.  She would need to do some alterations on it if she was going to look good, really good for the wedding.  And she needed to ensure Jim took notice.   And no more baggy clothes, Celia decided.  I need a new wardrobe to go with this new body.


Chapter 21 - Forever

The day of the wedding rehearsal had arrived. The house was abuzz with the decorating.  The staircases were draped with yards and yards of tulle and giant satin bows.  The arch had been delivered as well as the flowers.  The kitchen cooler was filled with box upon box of white and lavender roses.  Gracey’s bouquet was ready and stored with the boutonnieres.
The staff had prepared a massive dinner and would be allowed to stay for the rehearsal and join the family for the rehearsal dinner since they would not be allowed to attend the actual ceremony.  Everyone was smiling and crying.  It was a monumental day for everyone.  The staff loved Gracey, and the ladies acted as if it was their own daughter getting married.  They would ensure everything was perfect.
Haley joined the family for the rehearsal and brought the tiramisu and the Italian Wedding Soup as promised.  She personally inspected every rose to ensure perfection.  Of course, Haley would not be attending the ceremony the next day.  Charles would take photos for Gracey’s album.
The wedding rehearsal was perfect.  Jim presided over the ceremony having received a license to perform marriages off the internet.  Gracey and Stone recited their vows as if they were for real and went through every step of the ceremony so they would be relaxed the next day.  Their wedding would be flawless.
After the wedding rehearsal and dinner, Gracey and Stone retired to their respective suites at the insistence of Abby.  Of course, after everyone was asleep Gracey snuck into Stone’s suite.
The next morning Stone and Gracey noticed the wedding arch and decorations had been moved outdoors.  Abby assured everyone there was nothing to fear.  It was a beautiful day, and an outdoor wedding would be glorious.  Gracey and Stone peered into the garden and agreed.
Abby helped Gracey dress with the help of Celia, the honorary mother of the bride and the only human living at the mansion who knew about the wolves.  The rest of the staff were given the day off and would not be in attendance, in case of another kidnapping attempt.
Gracey looked stunning in Abby’s dress.  Gracey would carry a bouquet of lavender roses; not just because they were Stone’s favorite, but also because they represented the freedom of choice; her freedom to choose her own destiny.
Abby handed Gracey a gift.  “It’s from Rudy and me,” she explained with a big smile. “It’s your something new.”  Gracey opened the box and inside were a pair of emerald stud earrings.
Abby wore an emerald green gown.  Both Rudy and Stone were dressed in black tuxedos.  The men wore black suits.  Celia was wearing a lavender colored cocktail dress.  Everyone looked picture perfect.  Charles would preserve the day by taking photos.
With everyone in their places, Rudy and Gracey started their descent down the staircase and out to the arch.  As Stone saw Gracey in her wedding dress, a tear ran down his cheek, and he never looked happier.  Gracey was radiant as she looked at Stone the entire way.
Rudy and Gracey arrived at the arch adorned with white and lavender roses, and Rudy placed Gracey’s hand into Stone’s hand and took his place next to his own bride.
Gracey and Stone had requested traditional vows, and Jim accommodated.  While there were only eight people in the garden, including him, Jim still asked, “If anyone knows of any reason these two should not be wed, speak now…”
Before Jim could finish, Rafer Henrikson stepped out and declared, “I do!”
The wedding party turned to the voice coming from behind them.  Elmer and Charles jumped in front of Gracey and Stone, to shield them from Rafer.  Gracey stared at the man.  He was tall, nearly six foot five with thick wavy yellow blonde hair much like Gracey's.  His eyes were emerald green, and his glare was menacing.
Charles and Elmer were already removing their suit jackets and ties as they saw the six additional pack members behind Rafer.  Celia stood beside Jim resolute, not moving.
Jim, who was still standing behind Gracey, whispered into her ear.  “Gracey meet your biological father, Rafer Henrikson.”
Gracey and Stone were holding hands, pulling themselves closer to each other.  Rudy and Abby stepped forward towards Rafer.  “We don’t want any trouble,” Abby told her cousin.
“Then give me my daughter,” Rafer commanded.
“She does not want to go with you,” Rudy answered for Gracey.  “She is marrying my son.”
“Since she is not twenty-five years old and not mated, I can still take her.  She is a pretty one.  Looks a bit like you, Abby.  She is undeniably a Henrikson.”
“I will be bonded to Stone tomorrow!” Gracey told Rafer defiantly.
“That’s tomorrow,” Rafer snickered. “This is today.”
Rafer took his first step towards Gracey, and when he looked up, he saw a group of wolves in human form walking towards the garden.  It was the Wyoming pack leader Rafer had territorial disputes with on the Wyoming-Colorado border.
“Looks like my backup is here,” Rafer bragged, feeling confident.
“Wrong again, Henrikson,” Darrell called out amused.  “We are here to help Gracey, not you.”
Darrell and his mate Annie walked to Abby, and each gave Abby a kiss on the cheek.  Seven additional wolves stood behind them.
“I guess you did not know it was Abby who introduced me to my mate Annie, a wolf originally from a pack in the Montana territory.  So when I heard, it was her future daughter-in-law you were trying to claim and mate with my Beta I called Abby and offered her my protection.  I would also like to introduce you to Annie’s brother Jeremiah, also from the Montana pack.  His Alpha, Zachariah Miller, has pledged Abby and her family protection as well.
“Now it seems we have a few things to clear up today.  I could take Gracey as a mate bribe for my Beta and settle our territorial disputes, but even if you gave her to me, I would simply kiss her on the cheek and hand her back to her husband.  And we would still have a territorial dispute.”
“Her husband?” Abby exclaimed, looking towards Stone and Gracey, who were smiling.
“Yes, Mom, Gracey and I got married last night.  After the rehearsal, we convinced Jim to sign the papers with yesterday’s date, and we consummated our union.  We had a premonition Rafer would show up today,” Stone explained.
“Then I took them down to the meadow where the pack was camping out to meet Darrell.  Darrell accepted them as honorary members of their pack and performed the knotting ceremony,” Jim explained.  “Tomorrow they will turn wolf; mate and bond.”
“She is still mine!” Rafe called out.  “She has not bonded.”
“Well, then we have a problem.  Your claim as Gracey's father is no longer valid since she is married.  Your only claim to her would be as a pack leader, to give her to someone as a bride bond after she turns and after you challenge her mate or Alpha for her.  And I don’t want her; neither does my Beta,” Darrell explained and winked at Gracey.  "Sorry, but your daughter is no longer a virgin."
After watching Stone place a gentle kiss on Gracey's cheek, Darrell looked back to Rafer.  “Better yet, if you are no longer the Alpha, then you have no claim at all.”
Darrell called out to the remaining wolves.  “Is there anyone here who wants to challenge Rafer Henrikson for the position of Alpha?”
Jim looked at the group of ruffians Rafer had brought with him and knew it was not a job for them.  No one in Rafer’s pack was smart enough for the job, and none of them wanted to challenge their leader.
Jeremiah stepped forward and volunteered.  “It seems we have a challenge,” Darrell announced with a smirk.  “This could tie the packs from Montana, Wyoming, and Colorado together.  This could be a good thing.”
“But first, let’s finish the wedding ceremony for my dear friend Abby,” Darrell told Jim and winked.  Darrell's group encircled the wedding party; placing themselves between the wedding party and Rafer’s pack.
Jim finished the vows, rings were exchanged, and Stone and Gracey were introduced as husband and wife.
“Time to change for the challenge,” Elmer announced and led the pack to the stables.
Jim walked alongside Celia to the stable.  “When did you become so hot?” Jim asked, staring at her.
“It was the herbs,” Celia replied with a smug grin.  Even the other men had taken notice of Celia.  Jim was a bit uncomfortable at the leering and took her hand to let them know Celia was off-limits.
“You have changing rooms?” Rafer asked, shaking his head.  "What a bunch of wussies."
“We are a civilized pack,” Abby advised her cousin as she led Annie to the female changing room.  Celia followed them in.  Abby kept extra clothes in the changing room, and she, along with Celia and Annie, helped Gracey out of her wedding dress and into some casual clothing.
“This is nice,” Annie told Abby admiring the changing facilities.  “And thanks for dinner last night.  I get so tired of wild game, and the beef was excellent; grass fed.”
“Normally, humans are not welcome spectators at challenges, but since you are honorary members of our pack, you will be allowed to watch,” Annie explained to Gracey and Celia.
“Celia is joining us too?” Abby asked.
Annie looked at Celia, and then Abby knowing Abby did not know Celia would be turning the next night.  “Celia is with Jim.  She can come.”
Abby was uncertain what Annie meant by with Jim.  While curious, Abby knew now was not the time to ask.
“Challenges are to the death, Gracey, are you sure you want to go with us?” Abby asked.
“Yes,” Gracey replied resolutely and callously.  “If Rafer loses the challenge, I need to see it for myself.  I need closure to this nightmare.  He raped my mother and was responsible for her death.  I need to see him dead.”
“Gracey, there will be over twenty wolves in the meadow.  Stay close to Stone, and both of you stay with Rudy and me.  The boys will stay with us.  Each pack stays together.  But sometimes when it looks grim for one of the opponents, another wolf may try to step in to help or distract.  It is against the wolf laws, but it happens,” Abby advised.
“Do you have any questions before we turn wolf?” Annie asked.
“Yes,” Gracey answered.  “Once Rafer and Jeremiah turn, how will I know who is who?”
“Jeremiah is black and cream; cream chest and belly,” Annie answered.  “The last time I saw Rafer in wolf form he was a solid blue merle; gray with white undertones.  Don’t worry; you will be able to tell them apart just by looking at their eyes.”
Abby and Annie turned, and each took Gracey’s flank and escorted her out of the stable and to Stone’s side.  The Rudolph pack surrounded the newlyweds and Celia.
Annie joined her mate, still in human form, and his pack and the pack placed themselves as a buffer between the Rudolph family and Rafer’s pack.  Twenty wolves and three humans entered the meadow.  At least one wolf would not leave.
“What happens if Rafer does not lose?” Gracey whispered to Stone, worried about the outcome of the challenge.
“Rafer is older than Jeremiah, which should give Rafer a disadvantage.  And I am sure Darrell brought Jeremiah because he knew Jeremiah could win,” Stone answered.  “And I can guarantee you, win or lose, your brothers would lay down their lives for you.  They love you almost as much as I do, Mrs. Rudolph.”  Stone put his arm around Gracey's waist and kissed her.
“I love you too,” Gracey replied trying to smile.  This was not how she imagined her wedding day.  Gracey wanted to be cutting the cake Celia had made for her.  She wanted to be sipping champagne.  Instead, Gracey was about to watch a battle in which someone was going to die.  She could not believe she wanted someone to die.  As unconscionable as it was, Gracey wanted her father to die.
Darrell stayed human to explain the rules of the challenge mainly for the humans.  The wolves knew the rules.  The traditions had been the same for centuries.  “This is a fight to the death for the position of Alpha for the pack currently led by Rafer Henrikson.  There is to be no interference from any wolf from any of the packs present.  At the end of the challenge, the survivor will be Alpha of the Colorado pack.  If anyone wants to challenge the victor for the position of Alpha or to claim Gracey as a mate, we will initiate the second challenge after a one-hour break.”
Darrell stripped, turned wolf and joined his pack.  The wolves were lying in a circle around the combatants.  Gracey and Stone sat on the ground between to Stone's parents.  Gracey nestled close to Rudy and Stone against his mother.  Celia sat between Jim and Elmer with her arm across Jim; the same way Celia snuggled against Jim while they slept together.
Jeremiah and Rafer circled each other growling and snarling.  Rafer took the first lunge.  Jeremiah was a bit quicker and dodged the attack.  Rafer missed entirely.  Rafer turned and leaped again, mouth open and ready to tear into Jeremiah’s flesh.  Jeremiah misjudged Rafer’s abilities, and Rafer was able to bite Jeremiah’s thigh.  Jeremiah limped slightly but turned and lunged directly at Rafer’s neck and connected.
Unfortunately, Jeremiah's teeth had not landed deep enough.  Everyone could see Rafer was wounded with blood trickling from the wound and down his chest and leg, but the bite was not mortal.
Rafer growled loudly but continued to go for the kill.  Jeremiah continued to shake Rafer off, bleeding from each bite.  Jeremiah decided to change his strategy and wound Rafer until he could go for the jugular.  Jeremiah bit Rafer over and over, chomping down hard on every part of Rafer's body; and removing hunks of fur and flesh.  
Jeremiah knew how Gracey's mother Mayra was killed.  Jeremiah decided to kill Rafer the same way Gracey’s mother died; torn into pieces as she bled to death.  Jeremiah's strategy worked, and soon Rafer was stumbling; weakened by his injuries and bleeding faster than he could heal himself.
The continuous attack was weakening Jeremiah.  But he knew he could not stop.  He had to kill Rafer before Rafer killed him.  Jeremiah needed to catch his breath.  Although his injuries were not as severe, he was limping and bleeding.  The pain was excruciating; Rafer's bite to his thigh was debilitating.  Jeremiah widened the distance between him and Rafer.
As Jeremiah circled, he glanced as Gracey.  Gracey was beautiful.  But she was not the one Jeremiah wanted as his mate.  This was an Alpha challenge, nothing more.  Jeremiah knew he had to either finish the task he had been commanded to perform or die.  Jeremiah circled Rafer again.  He was not sure he had the strength to finish.  Just as he felt his resolve waver, a voice in his head whispered, "Kill him."
Jeremiah saw Rafer’s forelegs give out, and as Rafer’s body fell forward, Jeremiah went for the final blow.  Jeremiah clamped his jaw onto Rafer’s neck and throat and applied pressure until Rafer’s neck snapped.
As Jeremiah felt Rafer’s body go limp, he released and let the dead wolf fall to the ground.  Jeremiah sat on his haunches and howled.  Rafer’s corpse lay on the grass, in human form, dead.  The Colorado pack immediately bowed to Jeremiah in tribute to their new leader.
Gracey and Stone sat in shock of what they had just witnessed.  Distressed they had seen a death challenge, but happy Gracey was no longer in danger from Rafer.  Gracey and Stone looked around fearfully.  They barely breathed while waiting to see if there would be another challenge for Alpha or for Gracey.  When no one moved into the center of the battlefield, they finally exhaled.  No one challenged the victor for the position of Alpha or for Gracey.  It was over.  The happy ending to their journey was coming closer.

The wolves returned to the stables to turn human and work out the new hierarchy and the subsequent politics between the packs.  There would be lots to talk about.  With the next day being a full moon, the packs would need to leave quickly to return to their territories to hunt.  Emerald Knoll was not large enough for twenty-two wolves including Gracey and Stone, who would be turning for the first time.  
Rudy instructed Elmer to remove the corpse from the meadow and dispose of it for the family’s protection.  Then he called the airport to charter a plane.  Jeremiah would leave with his six new pack members for Colorado.  Darrell informed Jeremiah he would put in a call to Jeremiah’s Alpha, Zack, to advise him of the outcome of the challenge.  Darrell would also ask Zack to have a couple of his champions meet them in Colorado, to help organize the new pack.
Darrell’s six would continue to Wyoming.  Annie and Darrell would be staying a day or two to visit with Abby and her family.  Darrell had performed the knotting ceremony and wanted to stay for the turn and to validate the mating for Gracey and Stone.
Rudy asked Darrell also validate the mating and bonding for him and Abby although they bonded soon after Rudy turned.  “We may not be a pack, but we may as well make everything official,” Rudy decided.
Jim and Celia approached the group and announced their desire to be mated, as well.  “But you are human,” Abby proclaimed.
“Not after tomorrow night,” Celia broadcasted proudly.  “I love this man, and he loves me.”
“And we are going to make it official tomorrow.  Please be happy for us,” Jim added.
“I knew it.  I knew it,” Elmer exclaimed joyfully.  “You bit her!  I thought I saw a bandage on her arm.  I knew it.”  Elmer slapped Jim on the back and hugged Celia.  The rest of the family joined in and congratulated them.

After dinner, Gracey and Stone went upstairs and were discussing how they were going to redecorate Stone’s suite adding a women’s touch and consummated their second wedding.  The boys were out back reliving the events of the day.  Abby, Rudy, Annie and Darrell retired to the great room to talk about pack politics.
“After tomorrow night, there will be eight wolves living at Emerald Knoll,” Darrell announced.  “You have done a superb job living together and not as a pack.  But I am not sure how long you will be able to continue not being a declared pack since there are several other packs aware of your existence.  I admire how you have been able to lead semi-normal human lives amongst the humans for so long.
“There are other packs in the area, but since you are only hunting on your own land, there haven't been any territorial issues.  But as the family grows, you will need a larger region for hunting.  You have two unmated males who may want to mate some day, and you have two newlyweds upstairs about to start a family,” Darrell continued.
“I will send you a copy of the pack laws.  They are recognized by all North American packs in the US and Canada.  You will need to decide whether to be recognized as an established pack, for your added protection or to remain as rogue wolves.  Both have advantages and disadvantages.  But for the time being, you will need to decide who is you unofficial pack leader for contact purposes,” Darrell concluded.
Rudy called the family and the boys together and explained what Darrell had told him and Abby.  A vote would be taken to determine an unofficial leader until the pack laws arrived and they discussed and decided if an official pack would be formed.  Since Celia was turning the next night, she was allowed to vote, as well.
Every member of the family wrote their choice on a piece of paper and handed it to Darrell.  Seven votes were for Rudy and one for Jim.  Of course, Rudy did not vote for himself.  This is going to be tricky, Rudy thought.  How do I run a corporation and a pack?

The three couples gathered for breakfast the next morning.  Rudy had explained the night before the only human in the house who knew about the pack was Celia since she had been present for both kidnapping attempts.  But the rest of the staff did not know.  It was getting tougher to hide their double identity since the pack had grown from three to five and soon eight.
The Emerald Knoll wolves had read all Abby’s books and knew the dangers of having humans nearby.  They would go about their normal routine tonight, dismissing the staff early and would start making the hard decisions the next day; after the full moon.
After breakfast, Abby and Annie spent the morning catching up on events.  It had been three decades since they had seen each other.  Darrell continued to talk options with Rudy.  It was all too much for Gracey and Stone.  They returned to their suite for some much-needed privacy.
“When Rafer died, I thought our worries would be over,” Gracey announced.  “But now all this pack stuff is getting in the way.  What are we going to do?”
“My love, let’s not worry about it today.  Tonight we turn wolf.  Tonight we will mate and maybe bond.  This will be the second happiest day of my life.  Saturday was my first.”  Stone took her in his arms and led her to the bed.
Slowly Stone removed Gracey's clothing and admired her beauty.  “I know this is new for both of us but can it really get better after we bond?” Stone wondered aloud.  Stone lowered her onto the bed and made love to her, his wife, his soulmate.
Stone and Gracey were absent for lunch.  Nobody disturbed them.  When they showed up for dinner, everyone just smiled.  The staff had prepared food for everyone before they left.  Celia, Jim, Elmer, and Charles would join the family for dinner as they did every full moon.
The wolves waited for the sun to go down, and the moon to be visible in the cloudless sky and the group headed for the stables.  Charles and Elmer turned first and headed to the meadow.  Kincaid had restocked the meadow that morning with cattle and a few bison.  Charles had asked for the bison as he found the cows a bit too fatty for him.
Jim would be coaching Celia.  She was ready mentally, and the herbs had made Celia’s body ready for the change.  Rudy and Darrell would coach Stone.  Abby and Annie would coach Gracey.
Abby and Annie turned into their wolf forms in the stable while Gracey and Celia undressed.  Gracey donned a robe while Celia opted for her favorite quilt. 
Celia walked towards Jim.  “Ready, old man?” Celia asked, holding the quilt around her.  Jim turned, and before he could blink Celia was on all fours and shaking off the quilt.  The turn was seamless.  Jim sauntered over and licked his mate to be.  He was in awe of Celia’s tan fur a bit lighter than her own light brown hair.  Celia licked him in return, and they loped off to the meadow.  Everyone was amazed while Celia was petite compared to the rest of the family in her human form but as a wolf, she was almost as large as Jim.
Gracey would turn next with the help of the women.  Rudy and Darrell would be there with their backs to Gracey as added support.  Gracey was determined to do this as pure as possible, naked.  And, of course, Stone did not want anyone seeing his beautify bride in all her glory and glorious she was.
Gracey walked straight to Stone, kissed him passionately and whispered, “Don’t be long, I will be waiting.”  Then she backed up and let her robe drop to the ground.
Darrell was already in wolf form and had not fully turned away before the robe hit the ground.  As he saw Gracey, Darrell understood why everyone was fighting for her.  Gracey would be the perfect wolf.  Her lean, muscular legs were designed for running, and the rest of her; she was built to carry on the wolf legacy.  Annie and Abby heard his thoughts, and Annie growled a warning.
Gracey knew just what to do.  She had been coached and trained for this moment.  She looked to Stone, and with a wink and smile she raised her head to the full moon; the moon which would let her bond with the man she loved, forever.  Gracey felt the pull, the strength of her wolf and she surrendered to it.  With one deep breath, she relaxed and closed her eyes and landed on all fours.
Stone stared at his beautiful wolf bride.  Rudy turned and looked at her.  “It looks as if we have something truly special in our midst.  Would you look at her?”  Gracey was stunning; pure white, with emerald green eyes.  Rudy had heard some of the legends.  Pure white wolves were rare, alleged to be magical.
Stone was now ready to turn, and he could feel his wolf wanting to emerge.  It too knew how lucky they both were.  Stone was excited and anxious.  It took him a moment to relax after seeing his mate.  “Relax son, you will have a couple of lifetimes with Gracey,” Rudy told Stone.
Stone finally collected himself.  He pried his eyes off Gracey’s beauty and looked to the moon for strength.  It took him a moment to concentrate, and he then heard her wolf, I love you, Stone.  And Stone turned.
Rudy gasped.  Standing before him was another pure white wolf, but Stone’s eyes were pale blue.  The group stood in amazement.  Two, there are two of them, Darrell exclaimed.  I wonder… Darrell started to say but stopped.
Wonder what? Rudy asked telepathically since he had just finished turning.
I will explain tomorrow.  But for now, we need to teach these two how to hunt.
Race you to the meadow, Gracey called to Stone, and off they ran with the other four behind them.
Gracey and Stone landed in the meadow first.  The boys and Celia were just finishing a bison when they saw the glow of the white fur.  Looking at the two, they knew immediately from their eye color who was who.  Evening boys, Gracey called out smugly.
Omigod, Jim called out.  They are…white, pure white.  I could not have imagined.
Abby quickly interjected as she knew Jim had heard the legends.  I am hungry, how about you, kids?
Starving, Gracey and Stone answered in unison.
Beef or Bison? Abby asked.
Beef, they answered together.
Okay then, you will each need to bring down your own kill since this is your first hunt.  You know the rules.
Gracey and Stone circled around until they both had a cow lined up.  3 – 2 – 1, they counted down and as if they were one; they leaped and landed their jaws perfectly.

The next morning the four couples along with the boys met for a late breakfast.  Celia had the staff fix twice the normal food as she knew they would be hungry from being up late.
After privacy had been ensured, Darrell started.  “It seems we have two pure white wolves in our midst.  I need to try something later.”
Abby, Rudy, Annie and Jim knew the legends and were curious, as well.  “Pure white wolves are magical, or at least they are in our legends.” Abby began.  “My grandparents called them Snow Wolves.  They heard the legends from their grandparents.”
“The Snow Wolves originated in the Scandinavian countries.  For the protection from the cold, they could turn while clothed, and their clothes would disappear and not shred.  Then their clothes would reappear when they returned to their human form.  Of course, this is just legend, but we have to try,” Darrell explained.
“There were other legends surrounding the Snow Wolves, but it has been so long since I have heard the tales and, of course, the legends have become muddled.  I will have to do some research,” Abby added.
After breakfast, Stone and Gracey changed into some disposable clothing and removed their wedding rings just in case.  The wolves headed for the stable for privacy.  They divided into two groups, to guard either entrance while Stone and Gracey stood towards the middle a few feet apart.
“Are you ready to try this?” Stone asked Gracey.
“Remember to think your clothes away while you turn.  I know you are new at this.  Just concentrate,” Abby reminded the two.
Stone and Gracey stared into each other’s eyes and reached out to each other’s inner wolf.  The wolves would make the change.  They just needed to concentrate on the clothing.  The wolves connected, and a large aura of light surrounded them, and they turned.
“Did you see it?” Elmer said elbowing Charles.  “I swear for a moment there, the two wolves became one!  Did you feel the energy?  Hell, it made the hairs on the back of my neck stand up!”
Everyone else could not talk, they were amazed.
That was awesome Stone.  Are you ready to turn back? Gracey asked.
But what if the clothes do not return? Stone asked sheepishly.  It's bad enough everyone saw you naked last night.
It is just a few steps to the changing room plus the men know to turn away, Gracey answered with confidence.
Stone hesitated.  Let’s just do it! Gracey said excitedly.  3 – 2 – 1, Gracey and Stone counted together and changed back.  They quickly looked down and at each other, and they were fully dressed.
“Omigod, that was amazing,” Stone and Gracey said simultaneously and were soon in each other’s arms.
“It seems we have more to talk about,” Darrell confided to Rudy.  “These two really are magical.”  And the Alphas and their mates headed back to the house.
Daniel retrieved his camera to commemorate the day, and Darrell performed the official knotting ceremony for Jim and Celia.  The newest couple disappeared into Celia’s room to consummate their mating.  Elmer had set up Celia room with candles and champagne.  Jim had already set up the music.  “Dance with me,” Jim said sexily and pulled Celia into his arms lovingly while Ella Fitzgerald sang ‘Dream a Little Dream of Me.'
After reliving the successful turn while fully dressed with the Elmer and Charles, Stone and Gracey looked at each other.  Their thoughts were in tune even in human form.  The turn the night before and now this had them perfectly in synch.  “Time for a nap?” Gracey suggested.  The boys snickered and winked at Stone.  “Boys, behave yourselves, or I will whip you, myself,” Gracey scolded.
“Yes ma’am,” they replied with a smirk and walked away.
Stone and Gracey spent another afternoon in their suite.  Again, no one disturbed them.
The other two couples convened in the study for extra privacy.  Not only did they need to talk about pack business but about what they had just seen.  Legends were one thing, but this was real.  They all agreed until they knew more about the legends and exactly what Stone and Gracey were capable of, nothing would be said to the two of them.
“We need to get back to Wyoming,” Darrell announced.  “We have to reach out to Jeremiah and see how we can help him with his new pack and talk to his previous Alpha, as well.  Jeremiah is going to have his hands full taming that nomadic bunch.  They have been using an abandoned mining camp in the mountains during the winter months.  They need to establish a permanent community for the younger wolves and establish schools and other necessities.  The hunting in the area is superb.”
“We can set up a trust fund for the young ones, and I am sure between the four packs we can turn this around,” Rudy offered.  "I would like the children to be educated and set down roots."
“We will need your help with one of the wolves in Jeremiah’s new pack.  He is responsible for the murder of Gracey’s mother and another man, along with two kidnapping attempts on Gracey.  We killed his partner, but this one got away,” Abby requested.  Abby knew many of the laws of the wolves.  She knew she was within her right to ask for the surviving wolf to be killed.
“Consider it done.  Just give us a description, and we will take care of it,” Darrell proclaimed.
“I will have Charles drive you to the airport.  He can give you a full description,” Abby replied.

The group enjoyed an early dinner and then Charles drove Darrell and Annie to the airport where a chartered jet awaited.
Later that evening, as the sun was setting, “Let’s go to the creek,” Stone suggested.  “It has been months since we have been there and I have a little surprise for you.”
Gracey ran to the kitchen and quickly put some water and snacks into a picnic basket while Stone grabbed the picnic blanket and the golf cart.  Soon they were on their way to their favorite place.
Stone slowed down as they approached the last turn before reaching their spot by the creek.  Gracey saw the lights first.  Hundreds of miniature lights hung in the trees surrounding their special place.  “Stone, omigod, it is so beautiful,” Gracey exclaimed.
“It is my wedding present to you,” Stone answered.
Gracey jumped out of the cart and looked around.  There was now a small bridge over the creek strung with the same miniature lights.  Stone had added a couple of planting beds with bulbs and perennials which would keep the beds in bloom from early spring until the first frost.  He pointed to the other side of the bridge and explained he would plant wildflower seeds next spring to add to the natural beauty of the area.
Gracey was so happy.  “You did this all for me?”
“I wanted you to have your own serenity garden.  A place you could relax and meditate.  I did not add a fountain since we have a creek, but here is a penny.  Make your first wish.”
Gracey took the penny and closed her eyes.  She did not have to think what her wish would be, she knew already.  She tossed the penny into the creek and returned to Stone’s awaiting arms.
Stone and Gracey lowered themselves onto the blanket and soon were making love to their soulmates.  Just as the perfect moment arrived, they bit into each other’s shoulders.  The pain added to the ecstasy, and they now understood why bonding was so crucial.  While their humans were already in sync, now their wolves were, as well.
Let the new journey begin, Stone said telepathically.
Forever, Gracey replied.

###


Emerald Knoll
(The Legend of the Snow Wolves - Book 2)
Gracey’s father has been released from prison, but there are scores to be settled with those who have tortured and betrayed them both.  While revenging the wrongs, there is love, more betrayal, marriage, resurrection, and death.  Can they keep their existence a secret and their family safe from those who already know the truth?
Can they find their ‘happily ever after’?


More about the Author

Rebekah Shelton is an empty-nester, originally from Northeastern Ohio, now residing in Middle Tennessee with her husband.  It was her love of reading which catapulted her to start writing.  Her first book was Emerald Eyes.  It began as a tragic romance but morphed into a paranormal romance.  Falling in love with the characters, Rebekah continued the series, the Legend of the Snow Wolves.  The Red Wolf Chronicles is a spin-off series with a mythological twist.  Her addiction to sci-fi movies led her to her third series, The Battle for Zarcon.  Rebekah has also co-authored a book with her husband, Jeff, Operation De-ICE - The Battle for Earth.

Send her a message via email.
Like her on Facebook.
Follow her on Twitter.
Check out her Smashwords Interview and her Smashwords profile page.


Other Books by Rebekah Shelton
The Legend of the Snow Wolves Series:
Emerald Eyes [Free]
Emerald Knoll
Emerald Cove
Emerald Garden
Emerald Aura
Emerald Haven
Emerald City - The Return
Emerald Nation - Divided
Emerald Reign
Emerald Anarchy (coming soon)
Emerald Resurgence (planned)
Book 12 (planned)

The Red Wolf Chronicles:
Red Wolf [Free]
Red Palace
Red Widow

The Battle for Zarcon Saga:
Raising Avon [Free]
Shielding Avon
Battling Avon

Co-Authored with Jeffery Shelton:
Operation De-ICE [The Battle for Earth]


