








Text Copyright © 2020 L. R. W. Lee
All rights reserved.

Paperback ISBN: 979-8648891289
Hardcover ISBN: 979-8788909608
Woodgate Publishing

No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means—electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise—without written permission of the publisher. For informa­tion regarding permission, consult the website at www.lrwlee.com.
Table of Contents

Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
Chapter Twenty-Five
Chapter Twenty-Six
Chapter Twenty-Seven
Chapter Twenty-Eight
Chapter Twenty-Nine
Chapter Thirty
Chapter Thirty-One
Chapter Thirty-Two
Chapter Thirty-Three
Chapter Thirty-Four
Chapter Thirty-Five
Chapter Thirty-Six
Chapter Thirty-Seven
Chapter Thirty-Eight
Chapter Thirty-Nine
Chapter Forty
Chapter Forty-One



Chapter One





My heart pounds and my breathing labors as I sink to the earth and grab for something, anything to hold onto. The well-worn, wooden picnic table is nearest, and I stretch for a leg causing my precious, fourth honey baklava to slip from its rice paper and plummet to the hard-packed dirt. Ordinarily I’d whimper, but not today.
End. End. Come on. 
I tamp down on a scream that begs to be freed as the shaking intensifies—my male colleagues will laugh at me if I don’t master myself. 
The two metal trays of cooling lamb gyros slide from the table I foraged from, dumping what little remains of their bounty. The crash as they hit the ground makes my breathing stagger further. 
Like rapid-fire gunshots, the falafels follow, along with the hummus, pitas, and baklava. I can’t contain a whimper.
The coffee carafe smashes on the ground, spewing its scalding contents a heartbeat later, nearly licking me.
My knuckles turn white as I clutch the quivering table leg and force my mind to envision a pair of eyes, the left silver, the right gold, that have always comforted me when I’m afraid. 
I’ve never questioned the origin of the image, but every time I picture those sparkling eyes, a very real and visceral calm falls over me. I’ve always pretended it’s a powerful god looking down and smiling, assuring me everything will be okay. As the image forms once more, I bow my head and slow my breathing, still clutching the table leg as the tremor continues.
The ground isn’t supposed to move. It isn’t.
I should be used to quakes by now; this will be the fourteenth I’ve experienced since joining the Mycenae, Greece dig the summer of my sophomore year at UT Austin. But, no. 
I’ll never, ever get used to them. Quakes shake the only thing I believe is truly fixed and permanent. If the ground itself can move, Ab. So. Lute. Ly. nothing is stable or dependable, and that thought terrifies me. 
I exhale as the shaking finally abates. Compared with quakes, the miserable cold, wet wind making the canvas of our blue command tent thwap as it strains against its tie-downs is nothing, even though we all complain about it. 
I ease to sitting, dusting off my parka and cargo pants despite their permanently soiled condition, and tighten the simple band holding back my long, port-red hair. 
“A pity all our college interns are on spring break and missed it,” Irik, my fellow third-year archeologist and co-site supervisor, says in his usual aristocratic drawl that reminds me of Thurston Howell, the thhhirrrd from Gilligan’s Island reruns. He looks down at me from the end of the lunch table with a canine grin that accentuates his cat-like eyes.
I return a frown.
“Oh come on, Pelly, you know it’s just the earth letting off stress. Even you wouldn’t begrudge it that, would you?” He raises his bushy, burnt-brown unibrow, continuing to hold that asinine expression.
Anger ignites in an instant. Pelly? The kids at the group home growing up teased me mercilessly, calling me Smelly Pelly until I cried. I’ve grown tough out of necessity, and there aren’t many ways to get under my skin, but this is one and Irik knows it, despite not knowing my history. Call me a fiery redhead, but this and injustice fuel my ire equally.
Just ignore the asshole, I tell myself. 
Experience has taught me that while it would feel good in the moment to let the arrogant bastard really have it, I’ll regret it later. Women just can’t get ahead being forthright in this male-dominated profession, so I clear my throat and in a very sweet voice say, “Irik, it seems that very little, teeny, tiny brain of yours has again forgotten that I’ve asked you to refer to me by Pell or Pellucid.” 
Someone nearby snorts.
I about gag on the saccharine of my BS.
Irik frowns but doesn’t have an opportunity to dig a deeper hole for himself because Jude Westfall, our excavation director, rises from the other end of the row of picnic tables, swallows the last of his lunch, and rubs his hands together. “That was a pretty good shake. I want you all to check on the site and ensure our previous excavations were not disturbed.” He pushes a yellow number two pencil over his ear, picks up his clipboard, scans the eight of us, and says, “Pell, you and Irik go check on the hidden stairway and cistern, Rasen and—”
I bolt up. “Jude, I’ve got it. I can check on those by myself.” I bite down on fear that an aftershock might hit while I’m inspecting them, but there’s no way I’ll go anywhere with my co-supervisor, especially alone.
Jude shrugs. “Fine, then, Irik, go with Rasen and have a look at grave circle A.” 
Irik smirks.
Imbecile. 
Jude continues giving assignments, but I snatch my headlamp from where it fell, then stride around the mess on the floor, making my way to the supply closet. Thankfully, the tall cabinet remains upright and its thin steel doors are still shut but not for long because compasses, measuring tapes, plumb bobs, and more lurch for freedom the instant I turn the handle. I duck and cover my head until the avalanche finishes.
“Damn,” I mumble under my breath. 
“You okay there, Pell?” Jude asks, pausing from giving assignments. 
Peachy, can’t you tell? I bite back my retort as all eight males stare at me. No guys, no need to offer a girl a little help.
Irik silent claps, out of Jude’s line of sight. 
I ignore him. 
“I’m fine, sorry,” I reply. 
I start returning things to their proper shelves, but Jude interrupts me over the noise I create, “Pell, how about we clean things up later.” 
I bob my head and swallow a huff. Fine. 
Grabbing a heavy-duty Maglite flashlight from the scattered equipment, I hightail it out of the tent before Jude changes his mind. 
As the tent flap slides shut behind me, I exhale heavily. 
Men.
A strong gust of rain-slicked wind tears into me before I can grumble more, and I zip my mud-stained parka as the cold takes another bite out of me; only residual heat from my lingering anger keeps me warm. I don my headlamp, pull up my hood, and thrust my hands into my pockets. Cradling the flashlight in the crook of my arm, I set off toward the secret stairway and cistern on the far side of the site. 
I pity the ancient Mycenaeans. This weather tests even the hardiest of folk, and I’m not one. No doubt, it was a contributing factor to their demise.
The wind continues buffeting me as I hike across the site that’s vacant save for the wheelbarrows, picks, shovels, and a host of other digging equipment. My socks grow wet as my boots squelch in puddles that have grown too big to avoid as I skirt around the plethora of perfectly square excavation pits that can’t be worked again until the standing water evaporates. 
Just two more years of fieldwork and I can apply for a curator position at pretty much any museum. It’s been my ambition since early on. 
No one becomes an archeologist to get rich. Fieldwork is backbreaking; the repetitive actions, day in and day out, especially when cold and damp seep into your limbs and produce ongoing physical health issues. It’s why Jude won’t be checking on any of the dig sites himself today. 
No, I’ve become an archeologist because I love discovering the unknown, filling in gaps in the history books. It’s what makes me get up every day. Well, that and… I rub the silver ring on my finger that bears a host of hieroglyphs. Never once have I taken it off. 
My nose starts running, and I scrounge in my pocket and find a tissue as I press on. Will I ever be warm or dry again?
The Mycenaeans were the most powerful Bronze Age kingdom and lasted nearly five hundred years. Considering my home, the United States, has existed for not quite half that long and our political environment has already become toxic, I have nothing but respect for them. 
They were a warring people, ruled by military leaders, who pillaged and robbed their neighbors, bringing them power and prosperity. Their settlements were heavily fortified with colossal perimeter walls that protected them if their neighbors decided to fight back. Perhaps we can take a few lessons from them, not the pillaging part, but in maintaining order and discipline in their leadership.
I follow what remains of the city wall to my left and pass the site of the postern gate; soon I approach the cistern at the farthest corner of the massive wall. Its arched entrance is the only opening in the towering surface of rough-hewn stone.
The secret stairway is a set of ninety-nine steps down to a cistern deep beneath the wall that was connected by pipes running under it to a spring outside. The cistern is a stroke of genius, if you ask me, because it protected their water supply in times of siege, even if they were the aggressors most times and deserved whatever pushback they got.
I wipe drizzle from my face and squint through the driving raindrops. Conditions make the light dim, so I switch on my headlamp as well as the flashlight as I stop before the opening and peer in. The light bounces back from the haze that obscures the curving stone stairway and the chalky smell of newly exposed limestone fills my nostrils. 
My heart sinks.
How much history has been destroyed?

Chapter Two





Rain pelts my backside, and my stomach tenses as I squint through the dust at the huge limestone blocks that have been crafted to form the ceiling above the stairway. They remind me of two tall stacks of books that have toppled into one another and whose tops now rest against each other. 
There’s no mortar, not that after all these eons it would hold, and I can’t tell if the quake has shifted one or several of the blocks, leaving the slightest jarring—like an aftershock while I’m down there—to make them fall like a house of cards. 
But there’s no way I’m going back and asking for help. Just shoot me. I’d never hear the end of it.
Gold eye. Silver eye. Gold eye. Silver eye. 
I force myself to envision those sparkling eyes once more, and when I have them firmly in mind, I blow out a long breath, telling myself it isn’t my time to die, not under a pile of fallen rock. What an anticlimactic way to go. That won’t be this girl’s end. It won’t.
My imaginary god who’s always calmed me seems to agree, at least that’s my story as a strong gust of wind pushes me forward. 
“Okay. Okay. I’m going.” 
I pull my hood back, then shine my flashlight at the first limestone step not immediately seeing any new cracks. That’s a good sign, right?
With both my headlamp as well as the flashlight beam on, the shadows undulate erratically every time I move, but there’s no way I’ll turn either one off.
Okay, here goes. I have a habit of talking to myself, and it helps calm me as I take the first step down. 
Two, three… At least I’m out of the brutal elements. I place a hand on the rough limestones as I ease forward, scrutinizing every inch of the roof, then the step, before committing. 
Ten, eleven, twelve… twenty… A chill runs up my spine and my body quivers. From the cold. Definitely from the cold. 
Gold eye. Silver eye. Gold eye. Silver eye.
“I’d like to request no aftershocks, please,” I ask nicely. If my pretend god is listening, I hope he’ll take pity on me.
Thirty, thirty-one. I inhale, then sneeze from all the chalky dust motes dancing in the frigid air. I hadn’t realized I’d been holding my breath. The dust has grown thicker with each step, and I can barely see four feet ahead; a claustrophobic feeling assaults me. Combined with the disorientation from the two opposing lights, I nearly turn around.
“Stop being a weenie. Just do it,” I tell myself. I clench my jaw and force myself to take another step.
Forty, forty-one… fifty… sixty… seventy. Only twenty-nine more steps, not that I’m counting. Gold eye. Silver eye. 
I scour the space for the stone lintel and jambs of a doorway I know to be at the bottom of the stairs. Through it, then around a corner to the left, the deep cistern I seek hopefully still holds a city’s worth of water. 
Eighty, eighty-one… Ninety, ninety-one, ninety-two. Again I shine my flashlight up at the ceiling searching for stones out of alignment. Still good. 
The doorway. There it is. I sigh as I spot all three parts, the lintel across the top of the two vertical stone jambs, still in place. It’s a thing of beauty. But three steps more and I discover stones scattered beneath it.
Damn. Has the cistern been reduced to a rock pile? Please no. It’s an archeological treasure.
I train my flashlight on the uneven floor as I finger the wall for balance and mount the debris. My boots struggle to find footing on the loose rock that’s scattered about, but I finally succeed, then turn the corner. 
And stop. 
The cistern’s to the left, but the debris is mounded to the right. Hope bubbles up. 
I step over more fallen rock and the rubble thins as I find the wet edge of the cistern. 
I hold my breath as I inspect my objective.
My two lights continue casting conflicting shadows and make it hard to tell what’s what, but as I scrutinize every inch of the probably seven-foot-high, and equally deep limestone blocks of the left wall, they appear undisturbed. 
My heart picks up pace. Maybe it’s okay.
I trace the right wall similarly, top to bottom, back to front, to the same result. The far wall is harder to make out in the haze, but after several minutes of inspection, its stones also appear strong, with none out of place. 
My heart pitter patters. It just might be okay. All of it.
I stare at the cistern’s dark waters but can’t tell what damage, if any, has occurred beneath the surface, but if everything above the water’s intact, my best guess is that only the water has been disturbed. 
I exhale. The cistern’s unharmed, and history has been spared, at least as far as the cistern goes. Hopefully the rest of the site is equally whole.
A grating sound, that of rough stone sliding across rough stone, makes my heart nearly stop, and I pivot, then jerk my flashlight up and around, running the light across the ceiling and walls. 
Gold eye. Silver eye. Gold eye. Silver eye.
All I need is to find all’s well with the cistern but have this whole section of the wall fall on my head.
My heart jumps into my throat when a huge stone thuds not far away, a second later. The floor trembles as it absorbs the crushing weight. 
Gold eye. Silver eye. Gold eye. Silver eye.
My legs beg to dash for safety, but I resist because the haze has thinned as I’ve studied the cistern, the dust drifting up the stairs, and I can see maybe ten feet, enough to take in a gaping hole in the wall that I missed in the thick dust. 
Fear gives way to fascination and my pulse accelerates. 
Curiosity is strong with this one. The co-opted phrase jogs around my brain. What ancient find might I discover? 
I clamber like a mountain goat over the mound of displaced rock, but in my haste, my foot lands unevenly and my arms peddle for purchase to no avail.
“Whoa!”
My palms feel the sting of the rough limestone first, then my elbow and hip land hard, smarting. Call me Grace. Hopefully, I haven’t crushed my phone.
The Maglite shines at me from just inside the gaping hole where it came to rest, as if bragging that it beat me to it, unscathed. I mutter several particularly unladylike words before grunting to standing. I shake my smarting hands, trying to ease the pain. I’ve skinned both and one leeches blood, but I won’t die. 
I move my arm in and out, making sure my elbow still functions. It does. Thank god for padded parkas. My hip will have a beautiful bruise, but nothing else seems hurt. 
Good thing Irik and the others didn’t witness my fall from grace. I roll my eyes, that’s all I’d have needed.
I unbutton the hip pocket of my cargo pants, then hold my rubber gloves back as I pull out my phone. “Great, just great.” The glass has shattered. I blow out a breath. I’ll deal with it later. I tuck it back in my pants and refocus. 
I ease across the fallen rock, the smell of chalky limestone filling my nose, then stop and reach inside the cavity. Plucking up the bragging flashlight, I direct it into the darkness.
Thick dust floats about the space as I peer in and trace the arched ceiling, noting the same construction as the stairway, a balancing act of huge limestone blocks. Like its sibling, the stones appear to still be aligned. 
I step into the dusty darkness, my boots shuffling on the dry earth. They don’t exactly echo, but their sound makes it feel as though it’s a fairly large room. 
What did I stumble upon?
No cobwebs, so it has to have been completely sealed off all these years. I take two, three, four more slow steps studying the dirt floor and limestone block walls to the left and right through the haze. There’s no bones, no ancient dishes or other artifacts. It’s just an empty space.
My shoulders slump. Why would an empty cavity be hidden behind the stairway wall? It makes no sense.
I shine my light into the floating dust ahead, and my eyes spot something other than the block wall. I squint and my mouth falls open. 
I suck in a breath making myself cough as my pulse speeds. Tingling erupts in my chest as I stride forward.
Is this… is it what I think it is? 

Chapter Three





My lips quiver and I feel moisture well up in my eyes. I’m not this lucky. I’m not. 
I swallow hard. 
Scrolls! Floor to ceiling, as wide as the wall stretches, the ancient wooden shelves brim with them, and I stare, dumbfounded. So much history, committed to ancient texts, lays rolled up, and I can’t wrap my head around it.
The Terracotta Army in China, the Behistun Inscription in Persia, Olduvai Gorge. These and a handful of other discoveries including the Dead Sea scrolls have created tsunamis in the archeological world. I cut my professional teeth studying every aspect of each of these discoveries in college. They’re what fanned the flames of my passion for all things ancient, ever hotter. But it’s been decades since anything close to the significance of any of those finds has surfaced. 
My legs feel weak, but I force myself to stay standing as I run the beam of my flashlight back and forth over the trove again and again struggling to grasp the magnitude of the find. 
I swipe at a stray tear. Nothing in my life has come easy. Has karma at last seen fit to bless me? 
That thought releases a river of tears, and I draw a hand to my mouth as my chest constricts with emotion. I’ve dreamed of becoming a curator, but this… Am I really this lucky? 
I can’t hold back a soggy chuckle. Luck. Right. Sure. I’m never lucky, but how can I argue with… all this? 
I shake my head as I continue staring through watery eyes. I want to believe, I really do, but…   
At length, I take a deep breath and let it out slowly, resisting the urge to cough, then snort. Great, now my nose’ll keep running. I snicker as I scrounge in my pocket for another Kleenex. So emotional. 
Blowing my nose, I laugh, “Guess I better see if anything’s written on them before counting my chickens.”
I pull the broken phone out of my pocket hoping the camera still works. Proper protocol stipulates photo documentation before disturbing anything; for while we archeologists might fool you into believing we’re harmless as flies, in fact we’re as destructive as voicing an unpopular opinion in a social forum. 
Archeologists have gotten better at recording a lot more during excavations, but at the end of a dig there’s no arguing that a site has been irreparably changed. Anything not recorded is gone. And that is the very last thing I’ll tolerate with this find… my find.
Squeezing the Maglite under my arm, I hold up the phone. 
Please work, I beg my imaginary god. Miraculously the flash goes off. 
Yes!
I capture several wide angles of the fragile wooden shelves brimming with bounty, then divide the probably twenty-foot span into seven close-to-equal parts for close-ups.
As I step closer a pleasant, aromatic smell fills my nose and I sniff. Woody, earthy… with a hint of dryness. 
“Is that… papyrus?” I wonder aloud.
It doesn’t have the signature leather, caramel, and dust mixed with sunlight scent that I associate with old parchments. I’ve certainly smelled enough to know. But papyrus? Egyptians used it. 
“Egyptian scrolls in Greece?” I rub my ring, my excitement growing yet more.
Thoroughly enraptured by the old, seductive scent, I inhale another whiff and can’t suppress a sneeze. I grin as I blow my nose again. Another mystery to solve and I feel giddy. 
As I capture close-ups of each of the six shelves, I do the math, calculating no less than one thousand two-hundred and sixty scrolls. And my legs buckle. The Dead Sea scrolls number close to nine hundred. 
When I finish, I quickly scroll through the picture roll and snicker when I realize I made a punny. Scroll…  
After satisfying myself that I haven’t missed anything, I stow my phone back in my cargo pants and step back, again scanning the trove in disbelief. 
My fingers itch with the need to read just one before I report my find to Jude. Just one. A tiny one perhaps. 
I know I shouldn’t. I’ll probably get in trouble, but it is my find. My sense of right wars with the rebellious streak I’ve been punished for a time or two, okay more than that. The folks at the group home thought they beat it out of me. No, they just taught me to use it stealthily.
The room’s been securely sealed, judging by the amazing condition the papyrus is in, so it ought to still be flexible enough to open without damaging it. I grin as I realize I’m rationalizing.
Surely they can’t fire me, not for this. Jude’ll get that stern frowny face, but that’ll be the worst of it. 
My pulse speeds. I play by the rules when on the dig site, but aren’t I owed this? I’ll tell Jude I exercised “professional judgment.” 
The argument makes me snicker again as I set the flashlight down, dig in my pants pocket for the pair of rubber gloves, then pull out a sheet of plastic that I keep folded in the inside pocket of my jacket; I discovered ages ago that kneeling on the plastic helps the knees of my pants last longer, and when you’re on a tight budget, every little bit helps. I pull on the gloves, then spread the plastic out.
Stepping back, I bite my lip as I gaze across the shelves. Nerves make my stomach feel like a jackhammer is at work. Damn the consequences. I’m about to select a papyrus and read its secrets, and my life will never be the same.
I blow out a breath and whisper, “Okay, moment of truth.”
Randomly picking the shelf just below eye level, I step forward and select a scroll in the middle of the top row, then gently grasp the thickness between my thumb and forefinger and ease it out, bringing my other hand up under to support it as it drops into my palm. 
My heart’s pounding and my fingers start to tingle.
I’m holding a record of history not seen in millennia. 
I freeze, standing there, staring at the thing as my brain sprints, trying to process the craziness of the moment.
Earth to Pell, Earth to Pell, my inner voice finally brings me back, and I blow out a breath.
No doubt my tongue’s sticking out—it’s what happens when I concentrate hard—and I take slow baby steps toward the plastic, my hands shaking the whole way. My feet reach the edge of the sheet and I kneel, then ever so gently lay it down in the middle, as if handling dynamite, not that I ever have. 
Pell, you’re such a dork, I tell myself, laughing.
My face starts to ache because I haven’t stopped smiling.
“Oh, I need stones,” I say to the walls and chuckle. “Well, there’s certainly no lack of those.” 
I stand, then stride the few paces back to the collapsed wall and glance about the thinning haze of the cistern. I’d been paranoid the roof would collapse on me not twenty minutes before. Whether I’m truly safe or not, danger is the last thing on my mind now. Nothing here has changed, but I sure have.
I can’t help but see it as a picture. The most significant things in life happen in the seemingly ordinary moments. Only looking back do we realize it. I shake my head.
I bend and select four limestone fragments, then retrace my steps and kneel once more.
Setting the stones down in a pile, I tug on the wrist of each rubber glove, like a surgeon readying to operate, and reach for the scroll. A fraction of an inch at a time, I ease it open taking care not to stress the fragile material to its breaking point. I forget to breathe.
A fluttery feeling rises in my stomach the instant I spot familiar Egyptian characters as I continue easing it open. It shouldn’t be a surprise what with the papyrus, but still… 
I rub the silver ring on my finger through the glove. Somehow, in this moment, I feel strangely connected with parents I’ve never met who, according to that note they left with me in the basket on the group home step, were forced to give me up. 
I’ve seen enough crap in life, I understand how circumstances can force your hand. It had to have been a dire situation that forced them to do so. I’m just glad I didn’t end up in a ditch somewhere. I sigh. It would have been nice to share this with them.
I swallow, hard, then refocus.
It isn’t a particularly long document, and I have it open and its corners carefully secure in no time. I sniff, then snort as my nose starts running, no sprinting, as I lean over and snap several pictures. 
“Okay, okay, so demanding.” I pull back to my haunches, blow my nose, then lean forward again, finally focusing on the text.
I taught myself Egyptian hieroglyphs in my formative years as I worked to decode the message on my ring, so I don’t anticipate this will be too difficult. I’ll soon find out. 
A zigzaggy line, the letter n comes first, then the symbol of folded cloth, or the letter s.
Yes, a folded cloth for s. Don’t blame me, I didn’t make this stuff up. Hieroglyphs don’t have to make sense. I’ve never understood why some symbols represent what they do, but it doesn’t matter, I just memorized them.
A quail chick comes next for w, then a mouth, that’s r. So the first word, NSWR. Egyptians didn’t use vowels, hence our inability to know how their words are pronounced, so as I put the letters together, the first word is “answer.” 
Emotions well up again making my stomach flutter. I still can’t believe I’m reading ancient history.
I sniff as my nose starts running again, but I can’t stop, I won’t. My emotions gone amuck caused this out of control nose. Ugh. So annoying.
The second word starts with a lion, l, then a hand for d, then two flowering reeds for y, so the second word’s “lady.”
I sniff again, moving on.
The third word spells “sphinx.”
That gets my attention, and I lean back. 
“Answer Lady Sphinx?” Okay… I draw out the last word. I’m not sure what I expect, but it’s not that.
I hunch forward again and continue the time-consuming task of translating. “Often talked of, never seen, ever coming, never been.”
Is it a prophecy? 
I sniff-snort. Blasted nose.
The next part reads, “Daily looked for, never here, still approaching, coming near.”
It’s sounding like a prophecy, but of what?
My back starts protesting its harsh treatment, but I ignore it. “Thousands for my visit wait…”
Whose visit would gobs of people wait for? 
“… but alas for their fate…” 
That sounds ominous.
Waiting. My visit. Alas. I’ve got no clue.
I sniff as I rub my chin, continuing. “Though they expect me to appear, they will never find me here.”
These people are waiting in the wrong place… 
What is this?
My knees start throbbing along with my back, but I’m nearly done, and I persist. 
“What am I?”
Great question, Sherlock.
I sit back, my back and nose thanking me and drop my hands in my lap. “What am I?” I frown as my mind whirls, trying to make heads or tails of it all. “The title said ‘answer lady sphinx’.” Yes, I’m still talking to myself.
I furrow my brow. Sphinxes are mythical creatures. Tales told of one in ancient Thebes terrorizing its citizens by demanding the answer to a riddle taught her by the Muses—what creature walks on four legs in the morning, two legs at noon and three in the evening? It ate every person who answered incorrectly. Eventually Oedipus gave the right answer: man, who crawls on all fours in infancy, walks on two feet when grown, and leans on a staff in old age. At that, the sphinx killed herself. 
“Answer lady sphinx. Answer lady sphinx.” I wave my arms about, as if that’ll conjure an answer.
The great sphinx of the Giza plateau is the most famous, but there’s been a host of sphinxes around Egypt since time immemorial. Egyptians believed the creatures protected important places. 
My brain keeps mulling, trying to assemble all the pieces into one coherent picture. It doesn’t come quickly, but at length, inspiration strikes. 
It’s a riddle. 
“Often talked of, never seen, ever coming, never been. Daily looked for, never here, still approaching, coming near. Thousands for my visit wait, but alas, for their fate, though they expect me to appear, they will never find me here. What am I?” 
“Yes,” I shout. Lightness fills my chest as clarity dawns. I become more and more sure of it, especially with “Answer lady sphinx” as the title. 
One sentence remains for me to decipher, the answer to the riddle if I have to guess. I return my attention to the scroll and quickly discern the ancient Egyptian, very long-winded way of saying, “tomorrow.” 
I grin from ear to ear, scanning the trove of scrolls. Do all of these contain riddles? I snort; they’re a regular joke book, if so. Imagine. But whether riddles or something else, this is an unbelievable discovery.
I throw my head back and laugh because it’s mine. Luck has finally smiled on me.
Movement out of the corner of my eye interrupts my celebration, and I pivot my head to see a column of dark, swirling smoke coalescing. My heart accelerates.
Smoke.
But there’s no flame, and I don’t smell any smoky odor. 
I scan the rest of the room. 
The swirls grow thicker and thicker and…
I shriek as a man with an olive complexion, perfectly styled, short onyx hair, and five-o’clock scruff lining his jaw, steps out. That, along with his fine, gray-leather duster, tell me he’s trouble.


Chapter Four 





My heart pounds, and I grab the Maglite as I bolt up. 
Gold eye, silver eye.
The guy isn’t huge, taller than me for sure, but aren’t most guys? He looks to be in good shape, and there’s no way I’ll best him if he tries something. The light from my headlamp doesn’t reach him so with hands trembling, I shine the flashlight at his face. 
He squeezes his eyes shut and turns his head away. “Do you mind?” His rich baritone voice comes out pissy as he turns palms up in protest making the silver and gold rings decorating the first three fingers on both hands glint in my beam.
“Who… who are you? Whe… where did you come from? How’d you do that?” I make a circle in the air with my free hand miming the swirl of his smoke trick.
He clenches his jaw and shakes his head, hands still up. 
I can picture him rolling his eyes under those dark lids, but I don’t care. No way is Mister Duster going to hurt me if I can help it. I brace, moving my feet shoulder distance apart and grip the flashlight more tightly.
“Would you please stop blinding me with that thing? I’m not going to hurt you.” He’s got an accent. It’s not strong, maybe that’s why I can’t place it.
“I’m just supposed to believe you?” My pitch rises.
His muscled abdomen moves with the force of expelled air under the well-fitted, leather vest. 
Huff all you want, I don’t care. 
If I wasn’t so scared, I might enjoy checking him out further, but I need to find a way out of here while protecting my find. But how? There’s no way I’ll make it up ninety-nine steps before him.
“You have questions. We can’t very well talk if you don’t lower your light,” he says. 
He hasn’t moved any closer, thank heavens, but my gut isn’t buying his cajoling. Guys dressed like this always mean trouble. Always.
“You don’t seem to be having a problem talking.” I keep my light trained on him and resist biting my lip.
Eyes still closed, his scowl morphs into a grin as he lowers his arms and straightens, then shifts his feet apart giving him a confident, wholly masculine look. He probably smells good, too.
Stop it, Pell, my inner voice pleads.
A corner of his mouth hitches up, as if he can sense the effect he’s having on me. 
O. Kay, a little too much confidence… a little arrogance even, Mister Cocky Pants. I’ve run into people like him, Irik case in point, and I’m not having it. “You tell me how you got here, and I might consider lowering my light.”
“Then it seems we are at an impasse. I’m in no rush. I can wait.” I tense as, eyes still closed, he draws his free hand to his jaw and begins tapping a pointer finger against his lips to press his point.
What is it with guys? He’s as irritating as Irik.
“Fine, but if you so much as sneeze, I’ll shine it in your face again.”
“Fine.” His tone turns charming. 
Charming my ass, but I lower the light to his chest. 
I inhale sharply and my heart picks up pace as soon as he opens his eyes. I’m not sure what I expect, but it definitely isn’t this, not in a million years. A pair of alluring oval-shaped eyes, one gold, the other silver, stare back at me. 
He arches one thick, onyx eyebrow and gives me an intense, hawkish glare as I continue staring longer than is polite. I don’t care. 
I can’t look away. All my life, eyes exactly like his have calmed me and given me confidence, but in this moment my thoughts scramble. 
His eyes are as unique as those I’ve taken comfort from all these years, but they’re definitely not his. No, he’s dangerous. Everything about him says so. 
I try not to notice his high cheekbones, full lips, and the fact that his face holds a symmetry I can’t help but call beautiful along with his broad shoulders, lean, muscled legs, his narrow waist, and… other parts.
He smirks as I continue taking him in.
Focus, Pellucid, focus, I tell myself. 
He’s dangerous, and I need to concentrate on getting out of here in one piece while preserving my find.
“What’s your name?” I ask.
He pauses tapping his lip long enough to say, “I thought your demand was to know how I got here. Which is it?”
“I want to know both… and more.”
I squeeze the Maglite’s shaft tighter as he draws his arms behind his back. “Rather a bossy thing, aren’t you?”
“I hardly consider learning your name and the… extraordinary… way in which you appeared bossy.” 
“If you say so.” He raises one eyebrow and rocks back on his heels. 
Silence reigns as his eyes scan the room, taking in the dust and debris dimly illuminated by the light coming in from the stairway. His gaze skims the ceiling, then the walls. 
He spots my scroll laid out on the floor and furrows his brow. A second later he looks me up and down, and his eyes stop at my hand, the one with the ring on it.
I fidget as his staring at my hand continues for a full minute. Okay, this guy’s a bit off.
“It was you?” he questions, then shakes his head.
“What was me?”
He frowns, still not replying before continuing to look about. At least he’s not studying my hand anymore. But I know the instant he spots the scrolls because his gaze freezes.
Damn, so much for keeping my find a secret. I’d hoped the Maglite’s beam still trained on his chest would occlude them, but clearly not; the spray of light from my headlamp betrays me.
“What was me?” I repeat, trying to distract him. 
He ignores me as his eyes trace the shelves up and down from one end to the other until he finally grunts.
I furrow my brow. “What’s that supposed to mean? And ‘what was me’?”
“Not what I’d hoped had called me.”
“Called you? No one called you, certainly not me.”
Arrogance fills his laugh. “Let me assure you that you called me.” 
I frown at that, and he takes advantage of my silence to stride forward, toward me.
“Stop where you are.” I shine the beam in his eyes again, but it doesn’t stop his continued approach. 
Heart pounding, I scurry toward the doorway, readying to use the Maglite as a club if I have to. Little comfort, there’s also plenty of rocks to use if I need them. I just hope I’m fast enough. 
Please don’t attack me. Please don’t attack me. 
The comforting silver and gold eyes I always envision, bolt to the forefront of my mind, but confusion trounces, rather than calm.
You’ve defended yourself lots of times growing up, I tell myself. You can do it again.
But this guy’s different. He isn’t just some stupid, lumbering bully I can humiliate by tripping him, making him fall on his face for others to laugh at.
I pull up short when he stops before the scroll I’ve deciphered, then squats, as I reach the doorway. I pant as I turn back toward him, knuckles white, as I grasp the flashlight.
“It had to be this scroll you translated, of course it did. It couldn’t have been any other.” He scrubs a hand over his scruffy face. “I’m sorry, my lady.”
Is he speaking to the scroll? He’s still staring at it. 
What is his deal with staring?
He reaches for the papyrus.
“No, don’t touch it.” I raise a hand. I might be in dangerous straits, but I can’t bear to see him get his oils all over the priceless artifact. “Use my gloves.”
Still squatting, elbows braced on his thighs, he looks up at me and one corner of his mouth rises in a crooked grin as I peel off my rubber gloves and toss them to him. They fall short, halfway between us. 
Of course they do. I exhale heavily.
“Protocol?” He gives me a look that says he thinks I’m a cute little thing to insist, as he stands. 
I fume. Will men not take women in this field seriously?
“You’ll destroy that scroll with your filthy paws.” I put bite in my reply.
His brows rise. “No need to get nasty. I was merely confirming what I speculated.”
“What’s that?”
His silver and gold eyes roam up and down me, again, but this time he’s taking in every part of my bedraggled hair, dirty pants and coat, and soaking boots, just as I did to him. I want to fidget under his scrutiny, but I force myself to stand still in the doorway. 
It’s not cunning or hunger I see in his eyes, but curiosity, and worry that he’ll attack me ebbs; all the same, I know he’s dangerous—I suspect he’s a bit of a rogue when he wants to be, guys like him always are. The thought makes me smile. 
What’s a guy like him doing in a place like this?
“You’re an archeologist,” he says, relaxing his posture as he crosses his arms, then draws his pointer finger back to his lips and resumes tapping.
“Guilty as charged.” 
“Then you would understand how important it is that these scrolls are protected and preserved,” he says.
“I would, which is why I don’t want you handling them. They need to be in the best condition possible, for the world to experience this amazing slice of history.”
He shakes his head. “No, you don’t understand. These scrolls can never see the light of day.”
I laugh. “You’re funny. This is the biggest find in decades, and I plan to take credit for it.”
We lock gazes. Determination shines in his eyes. “No,” he says. “You won’t. And I’ll be the one to stop you.”


Chapter Five





I scoff. “You? Stop me?” I set my jaw. “Like hell.”
His expression turns fierce and he thrusts up a hand, silently telling me to stop. “You don’t realize what you’ve done. In speaking the words of that riddle, you brought to life the being whose secret that is.”
I bring fists to my hips and my voice rises. “What are you talking about?”
His leather duster shifts as he drops his arms and very slowly, as if questioning a small child, says in that silky baritone voice of his, “You know how to read hieroglyphs, don’t you?”
“Yes.” I throw my shoulders back, proud of my accomplishment.
“You read that riddle aloud, didn’t you?” 
How does he know that? I shift, biting my lip. “Maybe.”
He gives me a long look. “Answer Lady Sphinx. Often talked of, never seen, ever coming, never been.”—my mouth drops open—“Daily looked for, never here, still approaching, coming near. Thousands for my visit wait, but alas, for their fate, though they expect me to appear, they will never find me here. What am I? Tomorrow.”
“How do you know that?” My jaw drops.
“Doesn’t matter. You read the scroll aloud, didn’t you?” His look turns piercing, and I swallow hard. 
“So what if I did?” 
“In so doing, you breathed life into the words when you spoke them.” 
I furrow my brow. “Uh. Okay.”
He shakes his head. I’m clearly as thickheaded as he thinks. “Breathing life into words brings back into existence the being whose words they were.”
“What are you talking about?”
He runs a hand through his onyx hair. “These scrolls are special. They contain secrets from millennia past. If the secret is ever spoken, the being, whose it is, returns to life in the present to defend the secret that’s exposed.”
How in the world does he know what’s recorded on that scroll? But more, he’s spinning quite a story, reanimating “beings.” Yeah, right. I barely stifle a laugh.
I tilt my head. “You believe speaking these ‘secrets’ returns beings back to life today, why exactly?”
He scrubs a hand over his face. “Because it’s true.”
“You’ve seen it happen? Dead people coming back to life?”
“Not just people, all manner of creatures.”
Right. Sure. He’s talking necromancy. While a fun topic for my favorite fantasy reads, it doesn’t happen in real life. The guy’s a loon. 
What to do, what to do.
Dropping my hands, I ask, “Supposing you’re right, what would be the problem with that?” 
He snorts. “Many of these creatures are not, shall we say, safe.” His gaze returns to the scroll, and he starts tapping his lips with his finger again, as if contemplating his next move.
Dangerous, reanimated, talking creatures. I shake my head. I can’t believe I’m having this conversation. It’s crazy. He’s crazy, and he’s making me crazy.
Calm down, Pell. 
I take a long breath and let it out slowly. 
The guy’s a bit “off,” but he seems earnest. I just need to get both of us out of here before a colleague comes looking for me, because I’ve been gone so long, and discovers my find. 
Okay, fine, I can play his little game. I make my voice sweet. “So, what ‘creature’ do you believe I brought back to life?”
He looks over at me as he starts pacing. “A sphinx.”
I raise an eyebrow. “A sphinx?” I’ve no idea how to even begin to respond to this. He believes they actually exist?
“Yes.” He halts but doesn’t drop his gaze.
I’ve never done improv, but it seems now is as good a time as any to start. “I see. Any sphinx in particular?”
He massages his temples as if I’m giving him a headache. “The sphinx  that lived in Room One of the Department of Egyptian Antiquities at the Louvre in Paris. Beautiful creature, but deadly. She’s one of the largest sphinxes outside of Egypt and bears the inscriptions of pharaohs Ammenemes II, Merneptah, and Shoshenq I dating back to 2600 BC.”
I resist rolling my eyes, only barely, and rub my chin as if seriously contemplating his words. There’s only one sphinx there. 
“I’ve visited the Louvre. If I’m thinking of the same sphinx you’re talking about…”—wait for it, wait for it—“it’s a statue.”
I’ve spent time in the Louvre’s Egyptian collection. It’s one of the very few trips I’ve ever been able to afford. He’s referring to a giant pink granite statue with the head of a pharaoh and the body of a lion with its right paw partly missing. 
I remember staring at it for a very long time during my visit, imagining it jumping on me and clawing into my flesh like the one in Thebes did, according to myth. Even now it sends a shiver down my spine. 
He turns to pinching the bridge of his nose. “Most recently she was, yes.”
I barely stifle a laugh. “So, you expect me to believe I brought not just a sphinx, but a sphinx statue to life by reading what is supposedly her secret.” I draw out the words. 
Mythical beings becoming real, then turning into granite statues, then reanimating, this guy is a piece of work, sexy, but definitely a piece of work. I hardly dare ask, but I can’t help myself. “How would you even know that scroll has her secret on it? And, for that matter, why do you keep referring to the sphinx as a she?” 
He clenches his scruffy jaw. “It’s clear you don’t believe me”—I raise an eyebrow, surprise, surprise—“but whether you do or not, there are more secrets scribed on these scrolls, and it will be irresponsible of me to allow you to bring any more people or creatures back to the present, so let’s put this scroll back where you found it and pretend you never saw any of this.”
I snort. “Uh, no. That’s not going to happen.”
He lets out a long breath as he takes a step toward me. I’m clearly frustrating him, but no way am I giving up my find.
I brace, then grip the Maglite tightly, readying to whack him if he gets too close. “Stop right there.” 
He doesn’t stop. “Please, put the scroll back where it was.” His voice is firm.
“Why don’t you?” I bobble on some of the loose, fallen rock as I back up, then step through the fallen doorway and envision the stairs around the corner. Ninety-nine of them. 
“I can’t put that scroll back because in a case like this, the one who released the secret by reading the scroll has to be the one to close it.” Even in the dim light, I can see that his neck and shoulders are stiff with tension. 
He’s crazy, but intense, very, very intense, and I’ve no idea what might happen if I don’t relent, at least temporarily. I can return tomorrow after telling Jude and see what other treasures these scrolls hold.
He’s almost at the doorway, within eight feet of me when I hold up a hand. “All right, all right. I’ll put the scroll back.”
He stops and exhales sharply, then tilts his head back. “She’s no idea what she’s done, and obstinate, too,” he mutters to himself, talking to the ceiling. 
“I heard that.”
He doesn’t reply, just pivots, taking a step back, and extends an open hand. All those rings click against each other as he directs me back toward the open scroll.
The stairs beckon me—they’re so close. 
Run, Pell, run.
I hesitate, considering.
Despite his clear frustration with me, it doesn’t seem like he plans to hurt me, so I summon my courage and step back into the room. 
Pell, no! My inner voice screams.
When I reach to within three feet of him, he furrows his brow and starts sniffing the air. 
I narrow my eyes. Is he scenting me? This dude is just too weird. Eau de drowned rat, it’s what I feel like in my wet coat and boots. It’d be a winning Gloria Vanderbilt fragrance. 
His eyes go wide, his head jerks back, and he takes a hasty step back, gaze glued with mine as I come even with him. 
“What’s wrong?”
He doesn’t answer. He looks like a frozen statue, wide eyes still fixed on me. 
“Hel-low.” I wave a hand in front of his face, but he’s still frozen. This guy is too weird. Sexy, but definitely weird.
It’s a full minute, but he finally regains movement and his eyes go wider still; then he starts shaking his head, over and over.
I roll my eyes. A wee bit of the Fruit Loops with this one. 
I walk past him, snatching up the gloves as I head toward the open scroll. 
Several minutes later the papyrus is safely back in its original place and the tension has eased from his shoulders. 
I pull the gloves off and shove them back in my cargo-pants pocket. He’s recovered from whatever strange fit afflicted him and watches my every move, which kind of creeps me out, but he doesn’t approach. He’s anxious to get me out of here though, immediately extending an open hand and directing me toward the doorway.
Whatever. I fumble in my coat pocket for my Kleenex and blow my nose. I’ll go when I damn well chose to.
He runs his hands through his hair again, his vest hitching up, as I take my time refolding the plastic and stowing it in my coat, then grab the flashlight. 
I stumble and peddle my arms as I navigate the uneven pile of rocks like a remedial billy goat. It doesn’t help that he follows so closely. Twice, he reaches out to steady me, but I correct my balance before he can help.
We emerge back into the stairway landing, then teeter over more rubble until the stairs are in sight. “If I did happen to release a sphinx, what are you going to do about it?”
His eyes brighten. “Are you willing to come with me and recapture it?”
“No. I’m just asking.”
“Then I’ll be waiting for you to come to your senses.”
“What?” I hold up a hand. “You haven’t even told me your name. I’m not going anywhere with you.”
He grabs the back of his neck but remains silent. 
I gaze up the stairs. The light is fading with the foul weather. Someone’s surely coming. “Well, shall we?” I ask, inviting him to lead.
“You go ahead, I travel differently.” He looks back at the opening.
“Right. Yes, you do. Very well.” I don’t trust him. It’d be just my luck to have him abscond with my find. I shuffle my feet on the uneven debris.
A grin mounts his beautiful face as I linger. “Seems neither of us trusts the other.” 
I snicker. Nothing like being honest about it.
Without another word, the scattered stones nearest the opening start to move, rising and reassembling themselves back into the wall. 
I yip and scramble clear as the debris I was standing on is quickly added, stirring up the dust again. I sneeze as every last piece of limestone finds its place.
“Can’t have anyone finding these. Call me when you change your mind.” 
I roll my eyes, like that’s going to happen. He hasn’t given me his number, and I’m not about to ask for it.
A mist of shadows begins coalescing around the tails of his duster. It grows thicker and thicker as it moves up his body, wrapping him in a dark swirl, and then he’s gone.
My mouth falls open. Who is this guy? 
But I gasp the next second because I just now realize he’s resealed the room and I’m not getting access to those scrolls anytime soon. 
Oh, I’ll call him all right.
“Bastard!” 

Chapter Six





My exclamation echoes against the hard limestone walls, then dies, replaced by the distant sounds of wind howling and rain pelting as I stand here, mind racing. 
What just happened? 
I’m completely and utterly alone in this stairwell. Not another human being, much less insect, is here with me. Certainly no dark and sexy stranger.
I stare at the wall that I could have sworn had fallen down.
“Am I going crazy? Do crazy people know they’re crazy? Would I know? I feel crazy right now, not stabby crazy, so maybe I’m fine? But still…” I bite my lip. 
Okay, back the train up, Pell, I tell myself. You took pictures.
“Yes, I took pictures!” I shout. I’m not crazy, and I can prove it. 
My hand digs in my cargo pants pocket and extracts the broken phone and I hit the On button. 
No, I’m not crazy.
I touch the Photos and furrow my brow when the pictures I took of colorful pottery shards another of my colleagues found recently come up. 
I scroll. 
But I run out of images in short order. “They have to be here.” Insistence fills my voice. and I scroll back to the bottom, but the pottery shards are the last ones. 
I shake my phone—because that’ll definitely help—then growl at the broken screen, “Cough ’em up, you stupid device.”
 Nothing happens and I throw up my hands and let out a growl.
“Okay, fine. Fine. I can’t get to my pictures.”
Pell, you can figure this out. You can.
I exhale heavily and recite, “I came to check on the stability of the cistern.” 
I work through the events, systematically, like any good scientist. 
I turn around, my boots scuffing across tiny pebbles that line the dirt floor and shine my Maglite around the walls and surface of the water. It’s fine.
I turn back and gaze at the wall again. “Part of this wall collapsed.” 
I step forward and scrutinize it, yet no matter how long I study it, I find nothing to suggest any of the stones have moved in ages. I step closer and press a hand to the limestone. It’s solid. 
My chest tightens. 
Calm down, Pell. You’re a scientist. You pride yourself in being factual and literal, and avoiding embellishing.
“Walls don’t collapse and get magically rebuilt. People don’t appear out of thin air, then vanish again.”
I bite my lip harder as my brain struggles to make sense of the disparate facts. Minutes tick by without a coherent story emerging, and I start doubting.
Did a part of the wall really collapse? I run my fingers across the stones again and shake my head. 
Did I really talk with a crazy, sexy man… with unique and beautiful and very familiar eyes… who isn’t anywhere in the vicinity? 
I frown at my traitorous phone, then grab the back of my neck. There has to be an explanation. Has the stress of the earthquake and the toxic environment of the dig finally sent me over the edge? 
I bring a hand up and feel my forehead, but my fingers are too cold to tell if I’m sick.
Have I been projecting, displacing my feelings of frustration onto a person I somehow conjured? The stranger’s dark, brooding good looks and deep baritone voice, the conversation… did I imagine all of it?
I’m not a psychologist. Has my brain created an invisible friend to help me cope? The guy beats Harvey the rabbit, hands down, but really?
I suck in a breath as another possibility dawns. Am I suffering from delusions? Does early onset Alzheimer’s run in my genes? I’ve no way of knowing. If it does, what am I to do? How long will I live? Will I forget everything?
My chest tightens and my breathing labors. Now I’m worried. I need to get it checked out. I’m too young to die. I have too much to live for.
I sneeze and a shiver races up my back, bringing me back. I scrounge in my pocket, grab another Kleenex, and blow my nose. 
I snort. I am sick, all my sneezing proves it. That’s all this is. Maybe I’ve hallucinated. Yes, it has to be. 
I need drugs and sleep, that’s all. They say the mind is an amazing organ capable of unimaginable feats, well, my brain has outdone itself. I’m sick and I’ve imagined everything. 
The back of my throat suddenly feels sore. There see, more proof I’m sick. That’s all this is. I’m not crazy. My mind’s just playing tricks on me. I need lots of cold meds and sleep.
My body instantly relaxes with the declaration, releasing the tension that’s been building, and I take one last look around the landing. Boy, sickness sure did a number on me. 
I shake my head, pocket my cracked phone—it’s not the only thing cracked—then climb the ninety-nine steps and slough my way through the drizzle and mud, back to the command tent. 
Thankfully only Jude is around when I enter.
“The cistern is secure, but I’m not feeling well. I need to go.”
Jude looks me up and down but doesn’t ask any questions, only replies, “Then get some rest, and we’ll see you tomorrow. A little avgolemono soup will fix you right up.” 
“Thanks, I’ll give it a try,” I say, waving as I leave. 

_______

I feel my forehead again, then sneeze as Grumpy, the old black beater I got a deal on, gives another sputter as I drive. I don’t know how many more days he has in him, but I hope he’ll last the rest of this dig because I don’t want to have to ride share with any of the guys. But however long he has, I pray he doesn’t die today, not with the rain pelting like it is. 
Grumpy lurches and chuffs as I pull into a parking space in front of my room at the ramshackle motel. I pull my hood up, then grab my take out—Jude’s suggested remedy—and a few other Greek cold meds, which never work as well as Nyquil, from the passenger seat, and make a run for the door whose bright blue paint is peeling.
The musty smell of the old, gold shag carpet greets me as it always does as I slam the door shut and lock both bolts. I kick off my muddy boots as I set my packages on the desk next to the door, twist close the bent, formerly white mini blinds, then make a bee line to the thermostat, zipping it up. No doubt whoever ends up upstairs tonight will complain about the heat, but I don’t care, I’m freezing. And sick.
The metal radiator against the far wall starts hissing as I throw my wet coat on the extra twin bed and head into the bathroom. The place is a dump, but its one redeeming grace is that it has scalding hot water, exactly what I need to get warmed up and forget my episode of crazy. 
Steam begins to fill the closet-sized space as I strip off my sodden clothes and slip into the stream of hot water, ignoring the brown that colors the grout between the avocado tiles. 
“Ahhhh.” It comes out a moan.
Refusing to think further about my hallucination, I welcome the image of the pair of eyes that always comforts me. It fills my mind almost immediately as I pick up the soap and start washing my body. “You’d never believe…” I chuckle. “I imagined an entire breathing, talking guy with your eyes. Granted he was sexy and cute, but still. What’s my subconscious trying to tell me?”
Now that I’ve rationalized the situation and know I was hallucinating from this cold, I feel safe remembering my fictitious encounter as I lather my hair. 
“This gorgeous guy was dead serious as he leveled an accusation at me.”—I try to mimic his tone—“You read the scroll aloud, didn’t you?” I laugh. “I really hate being accused of anything. I can’t believe my subconscious turned on me like that.” 
I pause lathering. Even though I know my mind has made it all up, an uneasy feeling besets me. I try pushing it back as I resume massaging my scalp with my fingernails. 
“You brought to life the being whose secret that is.” I again mimic Mister Sexy’s serious tone. Another accusation, this one with dire consequences if sphinxes are real, thank god they aren’t. All the same, my legs start fidgeting.
“I’ll be waiting for you to come to your senses.” Kind of creepy but he’ll be waiting a good long time at this rate since it’s just my insane imagination talking. All the same, my stomach starts churning. 
“Okay, enough already.” I can’t believe my body is so triggered. 
I force myself to stop rehashing and turn my full attention to rinsing my hair, then toweling off and dressing in my comfortable navy hoodie and sweats. The sooner I get some hot soup in me and take my cold meds, the sooner I’ll feel better.
Several minutes later, wet hair wrapped in a towel turban, I nest one leg beneath me on the uneven chair and set the other foot tapping beneath the desk that proudly bears its history in a plethora of nicks and dings. I slurp broth from a plastic spoon while I open my browser to a US news site on my laptop. 
The lead story is titled, “Inspector General’s Report Reveals Irregularities but No Criminal Charges Filed in the Latest Scandal to Rock Washington.” I click Play on the video, then scan the text as it loads, which will take a while with the motel’s internet.
“What? No charges filed?” Broth splashes as I drop the spoon in the container. I know precisely which scandal they’re reporting on. I’ve been closely following as it’s unfolded over the past several months. Scandals always wind me up. 
I had to fight tooth and nail for fairness at the group home. The image of one such occasion, this one with my best friend, Margo. She’s crying as I force her to tell me how Mr. Foutsey—mister footsy and handsy more like—the group home director has gotten “friendly” with her, comes to mind unbidden. The memory never gets easier. Gods, the letch. I shake my head. 
I looked like a rail—still do, relatively speaking, for that matter, and to this day I’ve still not had a period, but I digress—and, thank god, the pervert paid me no mind. Margo wasn’t so lucky. She started getting her curves, and the freak wasted no time. She begged me to keep quiet so I took to writing letters to whoever might listen. I lost track of the number I wrote before a bishop at the diocese finally came. 
I seethe as the memory replays. 
Mr. Foutsey got a slap on the wrist. I lost my best friend; she refused to ever talk to me again.  
The video starts, returning my focus to the scandal, and I take a deep breath. 
Scandals show how unfairly those in authority, rich politicians case in point, are treated. They seemingly live above the law while we mere mortals are subject to every nuance of it. 
The video freezes, and I roll my eyes. Damn motel internet can’t stream videos to save its life. Why do I bother?
“Forget it.” I kill the thing and continue scanning.
It’s the continuing saga of a big wig politician accused of using top secret information to bribe a big tech company and lying to the FBI. From everything I’ve learned, the guy is guilty as sin and I want to see him punished. Severely. If it was me or any other US citizen who had done what this guy has, they’d be locking all of us up for the rest of our lives and throwing away the key.
I hungrily scan the article. “Evidence of consequential errors in judgment, failure to advise, inconsistent information, yeah, yeah, yeah, probable cause. They sure paint his crimes PC, don’t they?” I maintain my ongoing commentary as I read, but frustration has me scrolling to the end in short order. I need to read the conclusions.
“That’s it?” I let go of a guttural growl and bring a fist down on the desktop making my computer and soup jump as I finish the article.
“But it’s not fair.” I’ve waited months to hear the result of this investigation, and this is all it concludes? 
“How many people did you pay off to keep your dirty little secrets, ya weasel?” I shake my head, thoroughly disgusted.
The guy’s above the law. He’ll walk away with only a slap on the wrist… one more time. The country’s run by a bunch of corrupt bureaucrats. Where’s the justice? 
The utter unfairness settles over me, and I know there’s only one thing to do. I rummage in the paper bag and pull out six honey baklava. I’ll drown my frustration in the heavenly treat.
Nibbling on a sticky piece of heaven, I turn my attention back to the news site to find a breaking news banner flashing along the bottom. It reads, “Chaos Erupts at the Louvre.”
I draw in a quick breath and click. 

Chapter Seven





Footage of what looks like a war zone starts playing. Chunks of concrete lay strewn among a host of dust and debris. 
My breathing speeds. 
A museum employee, who they stop to get a word, is covered in dust that cakes around his nose and mouth and makes his hair look gray. “It’s chaos, it’s just chaos.” He starts hacking and moves on.
I barely catch the Styrofoam soup container my elbow knocks as I straighten my computer screen to see better.
Gray colors the museum’s security guards’ navy uniforms, too. One woman sputters as she sips a bottle of water.
I draw my hands over my mouth. This can’t be happening.
The reporter stops another person, a Louvre official from the uniform, and shoves a mic in his face. “What happened?”
“I don’t know, but it appears a bomb detonated in the Egyptian exhibit. We’ll hold a press conference once we know more.” The man scurries away.
“Shit!”  
The camera pans across what’s left of the arched chamber the sphinx sat in, partly occluded in a haze of dust. The statue of the sphinx used to sit atop a raised platform in the middle of it, but despite poor visibility, there’s no sign of the pink granite lion-person. 
I bite the side of my fist and let out a whimper the instant I spot a gaping hole in the wall behind where the statue had rested. Daylight streams in, illuminating the haze. 
“Damn!”
“Now do you believe me?” The familiar baritone voice comes from behind me, and I shriek.
My arm swipes the soup over as I scramble to turn, spewing rice, chicken, and veggies all over my sweats as I bolt up.
“Damn!” I flail my soupy hands, glancing quickly at the mess, before turning my attention to the intruder.
I gasp when I find Crazy Guy reclining on the far side of the extra bed in his leather duster with his back against the headboard, arms and ankles crossed with a grin firmly planted on his pretty face. His gold and silver eyes dance. 
“No, no, no, no.” My feet shift back and forth as I raise my hands until my forearms cradle my turban. I thought he was dangerous before, I’m sure of it now. There’s something wild and untamed about him.
“That’s very cute. What do you call that dance? The drunk penguin?”
I stop dancing and start shaking my head. “I’m hallucinating again.”
Crazy Guy leans forward, concern lacing his features. “Hallucinating? Maybe you should sit down.” 
I lower my hands, then turn palms out and start waving them. “This can’t be happening. How am I imagining you again?”
Crazy Guy stands, then extends his hands as if cajoling a skittish kitten, and slowly rounds the end of the bed. Step after careful, sexy, step he approaches, his eyes locked with mine.
I freeze, like a deer in headlights. 
His short but wavy, onyx locks are perfectly ordered as they’d been the first time, accenting his olive skin, and making him entirely too attractive for my fraying nerves. 
“Everything’s okay, Pellucid,” he says.
I sniff in a breath. “How… how do you know my name?”
He takes another slow but sure step, confidence dripping off him. “I’m not going to hurt you, Pell.”
He seems so real. How can I be hallucinating this? 
“How… how do you know where I live?” My pitch rises and my breathing labors. 
“You’re okay, Pell.” The tails of his duster kiss his booted feet as he takes yet another step toward me.
Is he fact or fiction? My mind wars with itself.
“That’s right.” His tone turns soothing.
“Are… are you real?”
“As real as you, Pell.” His voice is calm and reassuring, and he takes another labored step.
Stubble still mars his chiseled jaw, and my heart accelerates. 
The rings on his fingers click against one another like they did before, as he takes another measured step.
He can’t be real. Real people don’t enter my room any way but the door. 
A squeak escapes me as he takes another step, but I remain frozen, unable to move a muscle. 
Fight or flight. Fight or flight? What to do? 
The door is mere steps away, I can bolt. Yet something… something I’ve never felt before but is as real as the soup soaking my sweats, keeps me firmly planted.
“What’s wrong with me?” I press the heels of my hands to my eyes.
He gives a low, throaty chuckle. “There’s nothing wrong with you, Pell. You’ve just never met someone like me before.”
My limbs turn shaky as I drop my hands, and he closes to within four feet, then stops. 
He stopped, he stopped, I tell myself. 
I’m about to exhale when he starts sniffing the air, just like I hallucinated down in the stairway. 
He’s only my imagination, only my imagination, I try desperately to convince myself.
He closes his eyes and a corner of his mouth rises as if he’s… savoring my smell, like in my hallucination. 
I’m crazy, this confirms it. My imagination has created an ultra-weird dude.
But no matter how strange his behavior, I can’t look away as, eyes still shut, he smiles, and my pulse quickens.
Dangerous. Wild. Untamed. The words tangle up in my brain.
He opens his eyes and stretches out a hand, palm up. “Pell, I promise I won’t hurt you.”
I draw in a breath and my feet start fidgeting again. 
He holds his outstretched hand steady and takes one more step. “Give me your hand.”
A clean scent, austere, fresh, and cool tickles my nose. It’s light, subtle, and almost citrusy. I sniff—I’m as bad as him. There’s a hint of cloves, too. He smells good and entirely male, and my stomach quivers. 
Wait, how am I smelling him? Can I smell the scent of a hallucination?
I look up into his striking eyes that are now… what? Shuttered, inscrutable, mysterious? I can’t tell what he’s feeling or thinking. Mirth is gone, and he hasn’t moved; he’s just holding out his hand. 
Crazy Guy is waiting for me. A kaleidoscope of butterflies takes flight in my stomach.
But why? Why does he want me to take his hand? Does he somehow sense my inner turmoil? 
Bullies I’ve grown up with stirred frustration and a thirst for justice in me. Irik just plain old ticks me off. I’m neutral with most other people unless they do something incredibly stupid. But Crazy Guy… he elicits excitement, confusion, apprehension, fear, even dread in me. 
What is wrong with me?
I rub my arm, knocking rice, chicken, and vegetable shrapnel off the front of me, as I stall. 
Come on, Pell, get it together, I pep-talk myself. 
I’m a scientist. This is a test. It’s only a test. I love tests. It’ll prove definitively whether I’m hallucinating again… or whether… 
I can’t begin to contemplate the ramifications if my imagination isn’t at fault.
I can do this. 
My mouth feels dry. Will my hand go right through his like a ghost? I almost hope it does. I’ll be crazy, but my ordered world will remain intact.
I feel like a skittish squirrel as I reach out my hand. 
He stands like a statue, his eyes following my every move, as my hand inches closer. 
Every muscle in my body twitches as my hand hovers over his palm, yet he doesn’t flinch. 
Moment of truth. 
I grit my teeth and place my hand in his. 
Then gasp.
He’s as solid and real as anyone.
He gives my hand a small squeeze and says, “That wasn’t so bad now was it?”
Not bad? I feel dizzy and my knees grow weak as my ordered world turns upside down. People don’t materialize out of thin air. He’s right, I’ve never met anyone like him. 
He guides me to the end of the closer bed, and the box springs squeak as he pulls me down to sitting beside him, still holding my hand. “You look faint.”
I swallow hard staring at our joined hands. “I feel faint.”
“You weren’t hallucinating.” 
I can only nod as I pull my hand away. He’s real, and I have to somehow rationalize his smoke and mirrors comings and goings.
I fiddle with a string of my hoodie as realization dawns that if he’s real… all those scrolls are too. My breathing grows labored. I truly found a trove of ancient papyrus manuscripts. 
“What’s your sweatshirt say?” he asks, diverting my attention before I hyperventilate.
“What?”
“Your hoodie, what’s it say?”
I pull the bottom of the soiled front away from me then read, “Archeologist - one crackpot digging up another cracked pot.”
He snorts. “Is that right? You consider yourself a crackpot?” 
“Archeologists have to be a bit off to ‘dig’ this gig.” I laugh. “So yes, I am a bit of a crackpot.”
Now that he’s gotten me talking, his expression turns serious. “If you agree that I’m as real as you, you also know that you brought back to life that sphinx from the Louvre when you deciphered her secret.”
I bite my lip and look up into his eyes, eyes exactly like the ones that always calm me. His eyes are doing nothing of the sort.
“So what happens now?” Still reeling from the confluence of events, I can’t believe I’m even asking. 
“We capture it.”

Chapter Eight





“You’ve got to be kidding!” My voice rises. 
“And what’s this ‘we’ business? You saw what that thing did to the Louvre! You said it yourself, it’s one of the largest sphinxes outside Egypt.” Even as the words come out, I can’t believe I’m saying them. This whole thing is insane.
He just watches me. 
The guy might be real, but he’s definitely crazy! Crazy Guy, indeed. And he expects me to help capture a sphinx? No way. Not happening in this lifetime. The one in Thebes ate people who answered its riddle incorrectly. If this thing behaves… no, no, no, no, what am I saying? My heart’s racing. This whole notion is insane.
“Let me get this straight. You mysteriously show up, twice now,”—I raise two fingers—“tell me some farfetched story that I supposedly brought a sphinx statue to life and ‘we’ are supposed to go capture the thing. I’m sorry, but I’m not about to risk life and limb…” I wave my hands. “I don’t know you from Adam. I don’t even know your name.”
His face is grim. “People will die if we don’t.” 
“Why must I come? You seem more than capable.”
He chuckles. “As I mentioned in the scroll room, secret magic will only answer to the one who wielded the power to release it.”
“You said that’s why I had to put the scroll away, not that I have to—”
“Address the consequences?” He raises an eyebrow. 
I furrow my brow. “What’s this consequences business? You invited me to come with you, and I declined.” 
“I didn’t want to scare you away from what ultimately must be done. I didn’t make the rules.” His jaw is tight.
“How do I know you’re telling the truth?”
“How do you know I’m not?” He looks me up and down.
I throw my head back and raise my hands, pleading with whatever higher being hears me to knock some sense into this guy.
“You saw what it did to the Louvre,” he adds.
I open my mouth to object, then close it again as he fixes his gaze on me. He’s not going to take “no” for an answer.
“Are you afraid?” he asks.
“I’m not sure what I feel, let alone what to think.” I shake my head.
“This again?” He frowns. “We’ve been through this.”
“Good of you to be so sure, but pardon me if I’m just a wee bit skeptical. This is just too weird.”
He crosses his arms and starts tapping a foot. “I wasn’t kidding when I said people will die. There’s no telling how many. Can you live with yourself?”
Nice… He’s trying to guilt me. 
I throw my hands down. “I don’t know if all this is real, how am I supposed to feel bad?”
He gives me a long look, then says, “Go change.”
I furrow my brow. “What? Why?”
“We’re going out to get you something to eat since you spilled your soup.”
“It was your fault.”
He frowns. “Go.”
My unwelcome visitor is ordering me around. What’s wrong with this picture? 
I roll my eyes but rise and grab a change of clothes from the dresser, hiding my clean undies in the middle as I pull them from the drawer, then head for the bathroom. I gnash my teeth when I remember that the lock on the door doesn’t work. 
Uncertainty over what Crazy Guy might do while I’m changing makes me hurry. I peel off my soupy sweats, wash up, then don my last pair of clean jeans and evergreen hoodie, taking time only to run a brush through my wet locks.
When I reappear, Crazy Guy reclines against the headboard of my bed. I’m pleased to see he’s kept his dirty boots off. He might be dangerous, but at least he isn’t a barbarian.
I scan the room to see what he might have gotten into and discover that the gross soup mess at my desk has disappeared. “You cleaned up after me. Thank you.”
“It was the least I could do… since I was told it was my fault.” He raises a dark eyebrow.
I grin. “Yes, well…”
My cheeks warm as he looks me up and down, not saying a word. Damn cheeks. The guy’s sexy good looking, but he’s crazy, I remind myself. 
A corner of Crazy Guy’s mouth hitches up as if he can read my warring thoughts, and my face heats all the more. Argh.
“Boots.” He nods toward the tile where they stand, one next to the other, as clean as the day I bought them. 
“You…” I draw a hand to my chest. 
“Yes, I cleaned them up, too. You’re welcome.”
I snort as I stride over and grab them, then sit on the chair at my desk. “Thank you. You’re quite domestic.” 
His eyebrows hike up nearly to his hairline.
My coat is equally pristine when I grab it, along with being dry. How? 
Despite my wonder, a smile escapes me when I shrug it on to discover it’s toasty warm. “Maybe I should keep you around.”
He rolls his eyes and shakes his head. 
Crazy Guy is kinda cute. Cute but crazy, I remind myself.
“Just trying to expedite feeding you.”
“Is it still raining? We can take my car,” I ask, standing and opening the blind.
“Doesn’t matter. Let’s walk. There’s a little café not far from here.”
I turn furrowed brows on him. It’s only my absolute favorite café, partly because it’s within walking distance, partly because their baklava is to die for. “You’ve eaten there?”
“No.” 
“Then how do you know about it?”
The two locks on the door release, and it opens of its own accord. I open my mouth as I look between it and him.
“Let’s go.” He directs with an open palm.
The three flickering lights in the parking lot reveal rain coming down at an angle. Great. I throw up my hood as I cross the threshold. Crazy Guy follows, but when I turn around with key in hand, he assures me it’s already locked.
I bite my lip, unsure what to make of him. Screw this. No way am I relying on the word of Crazy Guy when it comes to my safety. I push him aside and jiggle the handle. Locked.
“Satisfied?” He smirks.
“A girl can never be too careful.”
His smirk becomes a grin. “Shall we?” He nods toward the parking lot.
I give him a long look. 
My uncertainty only grows as I take several steps, because neither precipitation nor wind touch either of us. In fact, it feels as though we walk in a warm cocoon. 
I stop. 
“Who are you?” A mixture of awe and fear fill my voice.
“As I’ve told you, I am just someone with gifts you’ve never experienced.”
“And that’s supposed to explain everything.”
“I think so. Now come.” He grabs my hand and starts off again.
I have no choice with his grip holding me captive, so I follow. I hadn’t noticed before what with my mind occupied with my world being turned upside down, but his hand is warm, strong, and firm. Are his nails flawlessly manicured? In the dark, I can’t see, but he’s no pretty boy. No, he’s dangerous, wild, and untamed. What do the hands of a sexy guy like that look like? 
The second the thoughts register, I tug my hand free earning a wink.
My cheeks warm again. Damn them. What is wrong with me? At least we’re outside with only flickering lights. Hopefully it’ll conceal their treachery.
I’m never so glad when after walking nearly two blocks, noise spills out of the café through the open door as a patron leaves. 
“This is it.” I motion.
Crazy Guy proves chivalrous, opening the door for me. I give him a point for that. 
The strong smell of meat, greens, olives, fish, and seafood tickle my nose as hearty laughter ripples across the probably twenty or so wood tables, as we stop at the lime-green hostess desk.
Greeks are known for enjoying their food and spending hours after their meal talking and having a great time, creating a relaxed and jolly atmosphere. Tonight is no different from every other time I’ve been to Atitamos’s, this quaint family-owned café. As usual, it’s packed.
“Pell! This way,” Calix, the owner’s son, calls in Greek over the din, animatedly waving for me to come.
“They know you,” Crazy Guy says, shifting to Greek and smiling as he extends a hand.
I raise an eyebrow. I picked up Greek over the course of working on this dig, but he’s multilingual. 
I wind my way through the maze of tables to a table-for-two by the window. 
“Perfect timing, Pell. I just reset this,” Calix says as he pulls out a chair for me. “And you brought a guest. How wonderful. Welcome, sir.” He and Crazy Guy exchange nods, and then he hands us menus before continuing, “Helene will be your server tonight. Enjoy!” He waves as he walks off.
“You must frequent this place.” 
I snicker. “You could say that. I love their baklava. Best I’ve ever had.”
“You’re an aficionado?” Crazy Guy grins. 
I scrunch my face. “You might say that.”
He chuckles.
Helene, a young, bouncy ball of Greek goodwill, winks when she spots Crazy Guy from behind as she approaches, and I shuffle my feet under the table. 
“Why, Pell, you must be hungry tonight. You picked up soup earlier,” she says, stopping and pulling out a pad from her apron. 
I glance at Crazy Guy, as a corner of his mouth rises. 
“Long story, but I’m afraid my soup faced an untimely demise before I could finish it. The part I ate was delicious though.”
“Oh dear, well, we’ll take care of you. What’ll you have?” She grabs a pencil from above her ear.
“Do you know what you want?” I ask Crazy Guy.
“Why don’t you order for me, sounds like you know what’s good.”   
I nod, then look up. “We’ll split an order of spanakopita, and another of moussaka, and let’s have dolmades, too.”
“I presume you’ll finish with baklava? Pistachio, walnut, or honey?” Helene asks, grinning. 
“You know me too well, but let’s get a sampler.” I smile.
Helene bursts out laughing. “Anything to drink?” 
“Two Mythos beers, please.”
She finishes scribbling her notes and leaves.
Crazy Guy leans forward. “So what will I be enjoying?”
“Spanakopita is spinach pie. Moussaka is made with potato, eggplant, and ground meat. And dolmades are stuffed grape leaves with a rice mixture inside.”
“Sounds like it’s a good thing I made you spill your soup.” Crazy Guy chuckles.
I smile as I pick up a coaster and start playing with it. He’s dangerous, wild, and untamed, I remind myself.
As if on cue, he locks eyes with me, and switching back to English, says, “So back to our earlier conversation about that sphinx.”
 

Chapter Nine





My insides tense.
Still leaning forward, Crazy Guy moves his plate and utensils aside, then looks into my eyes as he lays his hands flat on the table; his rings click as they kiss the wood. A table-for-two has never felt so small.
“Pell, unless I miss my guess, that sphinx is halfway to its destination.”
I’m glad no one around us can understand our conversation. “Destination? What are you talking about?”
“Beings who are brought back, usually return to where they sealed their secret.”
“This happens often?” I tilt my head, holding back a smile.
Crazy Guy rolls his eyes. “No, but that sphinx was…” He pauses, as if thinking about how to say what he’s about to say. “… found among the ruins of the Temple of Amun in San El-Hagar, Egypt. So that’s where it will probably return.”
My eyes go wide, and I hold up a hand. “Wait. San El-Hagar?”
Crazy Guy goes still. “You know it?”
“Ancient Egyptians called it Djanet, the Bible refers to the city as Zoan, but it originally went by Tanis.” My voice rises, and I rub my ring.
Crazy Guy stares back with a blank expression.
“1866.” I laugh as lightness fills my chest.
“Excuse me?” 
“In 1866, Karl Richard Lepsius discovered the Decree of Canopus at Tanis.” I beam.
Crazy Guy furrows his brow, brings a hand up and begins tapping his lips with a finger.
He’s not getting it, doesn’t matter.
“The Decree of Canopus is similar to the Rosetta Stone. Its text was written in both Egyptian hieroglyphs and demotic as well as Greek and contributed significantly to figuring out how to decipher hieroglyphics.”
Crazy Guy’s expression remains slack.
“See this ring?” I hold it so he can see it. “I taught myself hieroglyphics so I could read the inscription.”
His silver and gold eyes go wide. “You taught yourself? I’m impressed.”
I dip my head and smile. “Thank you.”
Helene interrupts as she sets two foamy beers down.
“Thank you,” I tell her, reverting briefly to Greek again.
“My pleasure, dear, enjoy.” She winks again as she turns, and I cough, then grab the ice-cold stein and take a quick sip.
Crazy Guy chuckles and takes a drink of his own. “Mmm, not bad.” He’s back to English.
“It’s a local favorite.” I set my mug on the table.
“Um, you…” Crazy Guy stares at my lips, then waves a finger.
I’m the one with a blank expression, now.
My heart accelerates as he reaches over and runs a finger across the corner of my mouth. “You had foam…” He smiles as wipes it on his napkin.
“Th… Thank you.” I look down before he can see my warming cheeks.
“So, Tanis,” he says, sitting back. 
“Yes, Tanis.” I rub a thigh beneath the table.
“You’d enjoy seeing it?”
I’ve never visited most of the places I study… only the Louvre, but that hardly matters at the moment. 
He’s dangerous, wild, and untamed, I remind myself. 
But what if he is telling the truth? I shift my feet.
Crazy Guy watches me as he takes another swallow.
“People will die.” His words run through my head, and I start jiggling a knee as a lump forms in my throat.
The notion is still crazy… reanimated, granite statues? But Crazy Guy’s definitely real… different, but very real. Which means the scrolls are, too. It’s why he’s here, or so he says. 
I rub my arm.
Can I live with myself if I really did what he says? No, I’d never intentionally hurt anyone.
Crazy Guy looks out the window as I sort out my thoughts. His Adam’s apple bobs as he takes another swallow.
Adam’s apple, I chuckle to myself. I still don’t know him from Adam, not even his name. And he’s got some really weird abilities. The clean carpet and my de-souped desk; like-new boots; my cleaned and warmed jacket; that door locking trick; and his anti-ugly-weather bubble, all cases in point. He’s right, he’s unlike anyone I’ve ever met. 
Dinner arrives and I force back my melancholy. 
Crazy Guy grins as I turn perky, moving things around to make all three dishes plus our plates fit the small table. 
“I hope you’re hungry,” I say, setting more than half the moussaka on his plate, then adding spanakopita and finally divvying up the dolmades.
He raises his stein. 
“What are we toasting?” I ask, raising mine.
“You, of course.”
My insides tense.
“Why me?” I smile uncomfortably.
“Aside from your beauty, you have a sharp mind and a good heart.” His voice is even.
My face, neck, and ears turn impossibly hot, yet I sense he’s speaking sincerely; it makes me blush all the harder.
“You don’t even know me,” I protest, shifting in my seat, then jiggling my legs.
“I’ve a good sense of character.” He holds my gaze, making my pulse race. 
I’m hard on myself and have never been good at accepting compliments so this…
Pell, you’re losing it.
You’re telling me?
He clinks my glass, and I take a gulp of beer, making myself cough. 
A corner of his mouth hitches up, but he doesn’t comment.
I hope he doesn’t notice my hand trembling when I pick up my fork and quickly shove a bite of moussaka in my mouth.
“Mmm. This is good, very good,” he says, chewing as if nothing has happened. 
For him nothing has, clearly. But he’s just rocked my world… again, this time with a compliment. Who is this man? I hate feeling out of control, but it seems it’s natural for him to upend my reality.
I still haven’t said anything several bites later as my heart slows to its normal rhythm and, thank god, my face cools. 
We eat in silence and my mind starts mulling more over what he warns.
“These flavors are amazing, Pell,” he says. 
I look up. He’s practically licked his plate clean while I wool gather, staring at my plate. “What? Oh, sorry. Good, I’m glad you like it. I told you it was good.” My tone’s flat. 
“A woman of your word.” He gives me an easy nod.
I bob my head.
“So, about that baklava.” He grins.
“Did that sphinx statue really come to life?” 
He doesn’t take offense at my question this time, his earnest expression tells me as much, he just pulls the paper napkin from his lap and places it on his plate. It seems he understands my inquiry stems from a search for truth, not dismissing the fantastical out of hand. 
“You saw the Louvre,” he says.
I bite my lip.
He draws his palms up. “I’m not going to tell you I understand how because I don’t, but I can tell you that it most assuredly did.”
“And we are supposed to stop it, somehow.” I fiddle with my hair.
A smile lights his lips, then disappears just as quickly. “That is correct.”
“Before people die.”
“Preferably.” 
I shake my head. This is crazy. I’m crazy for even considering it.
“Do you know how to stop it?” Dread fills my words.
“I have a few ideas.”
“Have you ever stopped a sphinx before, reanimated or… other?”
“No.”
Perfect.
“How did the person who sealed this sphinx’s secrets to begin with, not get ripped to shreds?”
“I can only assume the sphinx knew…” He looks away, searching for words. “… that person was the only one who could help her, it was in her best interest to be nice. Unfortunately, she will be, shall we say, not a little upset that her secret was released.”
“Do you suppose she’ll know it was me that spilled the beans?”  
“I’ve no doubt. Secret magic always leaves a trace.”
Great. Just great.
“You talk about secret magic like you’re familiar with it.”
“You could say that.”
He’s certainly been secretive enough about himself. He’s a regular professional—a real Houdini—at this rate. “Does that make you a magician?” I chuckle.
Crazy Guy frowns. 
Guess not. “What exactly is secret magic? I’ve never heard of it.”
“It is a magic as old as time itself. It’s what preserves order in every civilization. Without secret magic, chaos would rule.”
“Secrets preserve order?” I press my lips together, unsure I’ve heard correctly. I’m furious again about Margo, thanks to the news report earlier. These aren’t the first scandals I’ve complained about. 
“They do.” That’s all he says.
“With all due respect, it seems to me rich, powerful people are always getting away with stuff.” Crooked snakes. “They have to be paying someone off to keep their secrets. Secrets do anything but preserve order in my humble opinion.” I draw a hand to my chest. 
He tilts his head but doesn’t reply.
What’s that supposed to mean? If this guy thinks otherwise, he’s crazier than I guess. And as mysterious as the secret magic he believes in—that he believes has rules, that must be obeyed.
I furrow my brow. How can he believe secrets are a good thing? My mind wanders as I take another bite of the spanakopita.
But a minute later, I set my fork down on my plate, stopping myself from looking at him. Crazy Guy maintains I’ve messed up some ancient secret and brought that sphinx back. If true, I can see where he might view exposing a secret as creating chaos. 
But what about those corrupt politicians and their secrets? They create chaos by keeping them if you ask me, not that anyone has.
I drain my beer.
Crazy Guy’s certainly sure with his responses when it comes to that sphinx, and he’s downright masterful at keeping anything about himself hush-hush despite my asking. There’s more to him than meets the eye, I’m sure of it.
A sense of calm overtakes me the more I think about it. 
How much does Crazy Guy know about this whole secret keeping thing? 
I’ve chaffed and moaned about the unfairness of that government scandal, but with the exception of writing letters, lots of them, hopefully exposing Mister Handsy’s secrets so Margo could realize justice, I’ve never done anything about my frustration. Why would I? I’m powerless. 
But Crazy Guy seems to possess knowledge beyond me. 
What more might I learn about this magic if I spend more time with him? 
Yeah, you’d like that wouldn’t you, Pell?
Butterflies rise in my stomach, and I snicker to myself, trying to stop my soaring emotions.
Stop, Pell, this is serious, I tell myself. 
Still, my breathing speeds. 
There’s more to Crazy Guy, and I will discover what while finding out more about this secret magic of his. Maybe it’ll also give me an opportunity to do something about that political scandal instead of just moaning about it. It’s a lofty goal, I know, but hey, go big or go home.
“You okay, Pell?” Concern mars Crazy Guy’s features.
“Oh. Yes. I think the beer went to my head.” 
I sit back as Helene stacks our dirty dishes up and down her arm, smiling. “Your baklava sampler will be right up.”
“Thank you,” I say, as she turns.
Crazy Guy raises a finger to Helene. “Excuse me, the flavor was excellent.”
“Why thank you.” Helene oozes excitement. 
I tilt my head, wondering what he’s doing.
“Do you perhaps happen to sell your signature spices? Atitamos’s Mediterranean Seasoning?” 
Helene chuckles. “As a matter of fact we do. Can I get you one?”
“If you would, please.”
“You enjoy cooking?” I ask as Helene turns.
He gives a shrug. 
Okay then. Crazy Guy indeed.
“I'll tell my dig master I'm still not feeling well and won’t be there tomorrow, and I’ll book a flight for the two of us.” Good thing I just got paid.
“You’re going to help?” A broad smile graces his perfect lips, as I text Jude. I just hope the message goes through, broken as my phone is.
“I am. If, on the off chance you’re right about this sphinx, you are correct that I can’t live with myself if someone’s hurt… or worse…” 
I glance over at him. He still hasn’t told me his name despite me… “prying,” it’s what it feels like. But if he expects me to go with him, it’s the least he can give me, I mean, come on, this girl has standards.
You go, Pell. Get this turkey to gobble.
I clear my throat. “If we’re going to be working together, would you at least tell me your name, or I may have to take to calling you ‘Crazy Guy.’” I don’t add, “… like I’ve been.”
Crazy Guy locks gazes with me, frowning. 
I put on my sweetest smile in response. With all the baklava I’ve consumed, I nearly make myself sick.
“It’s Harpoc.”
Score one, Pell. I can practically hear my inner minion whistling and clapping wildly.
“Harpoc.” I run it around my mouth, then nod. “That wasn’t so hard, was it?” I add.
His eyes narrow. “I’m a very private being. It hurt tremendously.” But a corner of his mouth hitches, and I know he’s joking.
I crack up. I’ve only asked his name a million times. Apparently it took a million and one. Duly noted, persistence pays with this one. Right up my alley, little does he know, oh yes, little does he know. Well, that and calling him something he doesn’t appreciate. 
I chuckle to myself. I’m learning your ways, oh secretive one. Mwhahaha.
His easy smile is back, like he can read my thoughts and I’m cracking him up. 
“You’ve made the right decision, to help,” he says. “But no need to book flights, I’ll get us there.”
“Um… how?” Why does it feel like I’ve just told the devil I’ll go with him?
He chuckles. “You’ll see.” 

Chapter Ten





“Ready to go stop a sphinx?” Harpoc asks as he opens the café’s door for me. 
He stuffs the bottle of Atitamos’s Mediterranean Seasoning in his breast pocket as we step back outside into a downpour, but thankfully his anti-ugly-weather bubble shields us in an instant. 
“You mean right… right this minute?” No way in hell am I ready.
“No time like the present. While we’ve been getting acquainted, that sphinx is probably almost to San El-Hagar.”
“And you think we’ll somehow catch it before it wreaks havoc? That’s hours from here.” 
A corner of his mouth rises. “I think we might make it in the nick of time if we hurry.”
I give him a long look. This guy’s different, I remind myself. Different, yes, but he can’t bend time, can he?
He holds out an open palm.
I look between it and his face a time or two before slowly taking it. 
My heart launches into an all-out sprint as he draws me close and closer until he turns me around and tucks me under an arm. 
“Put your arm around my waist,” he says, giving a playful, fox-like grin.
I swallow hard. What am I getting myself into?
I ease an arm around the back of his duster, the scent of citrus with a hint of cloves filling my nose. Mmm. I can’t help but notice how deliciously firm his middle is as I tighten my hold around his lean muscles.
He winks. “Like the feel?” 
My eyes go huge and I recoil, almost, because he holds my hand firm, leaving no escape from utter embarrassment as my cheeks burn.
 Just shoot me.
He snickers, then draws me closer still with a strong arm. “Hold tight.”
I shriek as I become weightless and completely disoriented in an instant; an overwhelming feeling of being rudderless in a void of darkness crashes over me. I squeeze his middle making my arms hurt—I hope I don’t break one of his ribs—but there’s no way I’ll ease up. 
My ears and nose ache with the freezing chill that fills wherever we are. Only Harpoc’s warmth mitigates some small part of it. Small mercy, his firm arm around my waist reassures, telling me he won’t let me fall. 
My stomach isn’t happy with me after six pieces of baklava—don’t give me that, it’s baklava—but its gurgling has shifted into overdrive the longer this chaos reigns, and it’s only getting worse. Oh gods, I really don’t want to barf all over Harpoc, I’d rather die.
Focus on his sexy scent, Pell, I tell myself. 
Perhaps I can divert my attention until my world returns to normal. 
What am I talking about? If I didn’t feel like hurling, the thought would make me laugh. My world will never return to normal in Harpoc’s arms.
He squeezes my waist, and I feel his warm breath on my ear as he says, “We’re here.”
A chill races up my back, and a second later, we slow dramatically and I suck in a breath as a nighttime landscape comes into view. Swallowing hard, I attempt to breathe deeply, trying to settle my stomach while streetlights and lights from tiny homes below twinkle as we soar over.
We’re flying! First dark chaos, now this!? My death grip around Harpoc’s middle tightens, if that’s even possible. 
The skies have cleared from the stormy ones we left in Mycenae, and the nearly full moon ahead lends additional light to reveal clouds as well as movement just to my right. 
I look over in time to see a large, black… what is that? I squint only a second. Feathers, lots and lots of black feathers, covering a very large wing. 
A quick check to my left confirms Harpoc has another wing and tingling erupts in my toes that isn’t from the cold.
Wings? Harpoc has wings? My chest tightens. What other secrets does he possess? Who is he? What is he? 
But more, we’re gliding through the air with nothing but our arms keeping me aloft. I only barely suppress a shriek. I can’t stop my body from wriggling. 
“I’ve got you,” he says in his calming baritone. “I’m not going to let you fall.”
It doesn’t matter. I squirm all the more.
“Look there,” he says, nodding toward a barren stretch that starts just past the edge of the glowing city lights. 
The moon isn’t quite bright enough to make out exactly what I’m seeing at this distance, but it looks like a field of huge broken and weathered stones lying near each other at odd angles. 
I still as I drink in the moment. The ancient city of Tanis, it has to be, and my mouth goes dry. So much history that’s changed mankind—that’s changed my life—lies below. 
The site comes closer and closer as we descend, and my feet itch to find solid ground.
“Put your feet forward.”
He has to be kidding what with the wind rushing by, but I attempt to comply and bring my feet up despite anxiety peaking as the ground rushes ever closer. 
Please don’t crash. 
I screech when the hard-packed dirt looms mere feet away. 
Harpoc only grins, no doubt thinking my terror is cute. 
Cute my ass. 
He tilts his wings up, then beats them, no different than a bird. 
“Feet out.” He sets us down gently. “That wasn’t so bad now was it?” 
We made it. We didn’t die. I’m not roadkill, or flightkill. 
I stagger, then trip over my own feet as I try to stand. Grace, my agility-challenged compatriot, has come, too, it seems. 
“Whoa, Pell, you okay there?” he asks, steadying me.
“Just peachy, can’t you tell?” I say, fighting for stability.
He eases his grip, seemingly testing my prowess at remaining vertical.
 Breathe, Pell, breathe, I tell myself and finally release Harpoc. 
“I think you broke only two of my ribs,” he jokes. 
“Sorry.” I look down.
“You’ll get used to it.” 
I bring my head up sharply. He’s assuming a lot. “Used to it? I don’t think so.”
He only smiles as his wings vanish.
I gasp, and my knees nearly buckle. What have I gotten myself into, wanting to know more about his secret magic? 
Harpoc winks. He’s really getting his jollies out of startling me, but there’s nothing I can do about it. Good thing he’s easy on the eyes. Butterflies rise in my stomach. 
He scans the area. “We beat the sphinx here, but we should let the dig team know she’s coming.”
“Dig team?”
He points to a modest grouping of tents a ways up the field.
Of course, Tanis is a virtual trove of antiquities and is still an active dig site. What’s wrong with me? That flight messed up more than my stomach.
It hasn’t been raining here that much is clear as my boots kick up dust as we pass the legs of a statue no longer connected to its torso, and my pulse speeds. Ruins always leave me feeling a connection with the people who once lived here when I touch the artifacts they left behind. I long to run my fingers over them, but first things first. 
Halfway to the encampment, we pass mega blocks of granite that are loosely stacked to mark where a wall of some ancient building must have stood. But the whole time we walk, Harpoc keeps scanning the skies, making me nervous. 
I still don’t want to believe him, but he has some really unimaginable stuff going on—materializing out of shadows, magically transporting us here—why the heck not a sphinx? I can’t believe I’m maybe starting to believe him.
My inner voice remains silent, unable to counter my arguments. I wish she could. 
It’s downright balmy here, and I unzip my heavy coat as we pass four broken obelisks that have been repaired, after a sort, and stood up again, marking what might be a large courtyard. No doubt hieroglyphs are inscribed on them, and I’d love to study them, but not right now.
The encampment turns out to comprise six large, blue tents that sit near three partial stone walls with what I guess is a statue of Ramesses II or some other big shot pharaoh along one of them. 
“The temple of Amun.” Harpoc points. “This is where the sphinx will come. It used to guard it.”
He knows this how? I glance over at him, but he’s looking at the sky again.
A flap of one of the tents opens and two men dressed in cargo pants and lightweight white cotton dress shirts with the sleeves rolled up step out. One carries a clipboard. 
They haven’t heard us talking because they both startle when they spot us, then head our way.
“Can we help you?” Mister Clipboard says, giving us a stern, you-shouldn’t-be-in-this-restricted-area look.
Harpoc opens his mouth to speak, but I hold up a hand. No matter what’s happened, this is not the time to have them throw us out because they think we’re crazy.
“Hello, I’m Pellucid Rose and this is my”—I give Harpoc a quick look—“partner. I’m a third-year dig supervisor on the Mycenae, Greece excavation.”
The pair continue staring. Mister Empty-Hands shifts.
“Um, right. So we need to let you know that—” 
Harpoc scans the skies again. “A sphinx is about to ravage your camp.”
I scowl at Harpoc. Leave it to him to mess this up with his crazy talk.
The pair look to each other, furrowing their brows and Mister Clipboard says, “I don’t know who you are or how much you’ve had to drink, but you’ll need to leave. You’re in a restricted area.”
I hold up a hand. “Sir, I know that sounds crazy, but please, hear us out.”
The men both cross their arms. 
“All right, explain,” Mister Empty-Hands says.
“I don’t know how many folks are here, but you’re all in grave danger. You need to evacuate. There’s a… potential threat looming.”
Mister Clipboard exhales heavily.
“She’s here,” Harpoc says, pointing. 
I, along with the other unbelievers, turn and squint. My overstuffed, baklava-filled stomach quivers when I make out a speck on the horizon, fifteen degrees west of the moon.
No, it can’t be. 
Can it? 

Chapter Eleven





Mister Clipboard scowls. “That’s a planet.”
A planet? I squint harder, wanting to believe him. Yes, a planet. I’ve fallen for Harpoc’s story, but it’s just a planet. My brain’s addled by his hubba-hubba good looks. 
Harpoc’s metallic eyes turn cold. “That’s no planet.”
Of course he’s not making this easy, I laugh to myself. He’s like someone else I know and love… me. I’ve never said anything disagreeable. Nope. Never. 
Mister Clipboard flares his nostrils and tension spikes. My stomach becomes a bundle of nerves, like happens when riding a rollercoaster—that slow, anxiety-building clack, clack, clack of gears as I near the top of the first rise. My legs twitch with nervous anticipation. 
My “partner” shakes his head, shifts his feet shoulder-width apart, and leans back. When he crosses his arms and starts tapping a finger against his lips I know we’re trying his patience. Tough. 
I’ve no idea who he really is, but he isn’t the Job of biblical renown whose wife tried his patience umpteen times. Get used to it, buddy, because I have a feeling Mister Clipboard is only getting started.
“Uh, Hal…,” Mister Empty-Hands says, pointing. “It’s getting bigger.”
Hal… he has a name. 
Hal turns a furrowed brow on his partner before looking again.
I follow his gaze and my stomach rolls. Clack. Clack. Clack. Clack. He’s right. It’s gotten bigger. I fist my hands wishing I have something to dig my nails into because this coaster car is about to take the plunge.
Harpoc just watches the speck, tapping his lips, but faster, seemingly waiting for us to get with his program.
I look back at the aerial object that has grown larger still, then gaze across the pair of my peers and bite my lip. It seems we’re at an impasse. 
Why does it feel like I’m always in the middle of impossible situations? What about my DNA attracts conflict? I roll my eyes. 
Logic, Pell. Use your logic, I remind myself. Yes, I’m a scientist, a logical one at that. 
Okay… so if Harpoc’s right and we don’t get however many people are here out of harm’s way, they might get hurt. If we get people to safety and he’s wrong, worst case… My face will again match the color of my hair from embarrassment. It won’t be the first time. 
I sigh. Put that way, it’s a no brainer. 
I look between Mister Empty-Hands and Hal and in the sternest voice I can muster say, “You need to get your people to safety while there’s time.” 
Both men look at me… like men on digs always do… down their noses. 
Hal huffs, then inhales, winding up to level some stupid-ass claim as to why he knows more than me about everything—I know his type. Men, they’re all the same—but a growl follows a short roar through the night air and cuts him off.
I inhale sharply, and we mere mortals take a very long look at the speck that has morphed to golf ball size.
Harpoc purses his lips, then runs a hand through his perfect onyx hair as if he’s barely holding it together. I don’t know how much longer he’ll control himself, and my stomach goes hard. What will he do if he loses it? I really don’t want to see. There’s no insuring he’ll use his powers only for good.
The roar and growls become a rumble, echoing across the still night, instilling the fear of whatever gods are out here in me.
“Guys, you have to get your team to safety. Now.”
Hal scratches his stubbled jaw, eyes glancing between his compatriot and the growing orb. 
I pinch my lips together. How much more convincing will it take to persuade this “Watson” he needs to act?
For his part, Mister Empty-Hands rubs the back of his neck. “Hal, I think we should do as they say.” Yes. At least I’ve won Sherlock over.
Another roar sounds, and Hal looks his partner up and down. “Fine, Kaz.” Two words, that’s all he says.
About time. 
Harpoc exhales heavily and drops his hands as another roar and growl reach us. I know nothing about wild cats, much less a sphinx, but the sounds leave no doubt that such a creature is indeed on its way, and I’ve no doubt she’s one pissed lady. I’ve still no idea how Harpoc knows it’s female, but I’m not going to press it right this minute.
We follow Hal and Kaz as they turn on their heels and head back to the tent where laughter greets us as Kaz throws back the flap. Clearly these people haven’t heard the animal’s rumblings above their jocularity. 
The command tent looks much like the one at my dig site with picnic tables running the length on one side and on the other, in a jumble of metal shelving units that have seen better days, an array of pick axes, sledge hammers, head lamps, plumb bobs, wooden spikes, and other equipment on the other.
A dozen people, two of them women, nurse beverages at the picnic tables, but their laughter and drinking halts the instant they spot us. Elbowing and nodding, then silence ripple through their midst until, as one, they stare at us with quizzical expressions. 
“We found these two outside. They came to warn us of a threat. From the sounds we heard, I agree with them,” Kaz says. He goes on to give the Reader’s Digest version of what we just experienced.
As he speaks, that panicked feeling that’s been eating at me eases as several furrowed brows morph, replaced by frowns then grimaces up and down the tables.
Hal clears his throat once Kaz finishes. “I’m leaving it up to each of you to decide if you want to evacuate or not.” 
Idiot. Don’t give them a choice. That panicked feeling surges in my gut again.
“Happy?” Hal turns to Harpoc and me. 
Ass.
Kaz has the decency to at least look sheepish.
Harpoc doesn’t comment, just glares as the tables empty. 
Before he can open his big mouth, I say, “Thank you, Hal. And thank you, Kaz. Hopefully they’ll all choose to leave because I’d hate to see anyone get hurt.”
Hal rolls his eyes and heads out of the tent.
I stifle a growl.
“If you’ll excuse us…,” Kaz says.
Another roar, louder this time, echoes over the landscape as we step outside again. The object has grown to softball size, and I inhale sharply as detail I haven’t seen before comes into focus: four feline limbs and a pair of wings. 
“Shit!” My heart accelerates. 
My companion forces a smile as if to say he didn’t want to be right. “Come on, we need to intercept it if any of them decide to stay.”
He grabs my hand and, at a brisk walk, heads us toward what he said is the Temple of Amun on our way in. The three partial walls look mighty small if he intends for them to give us protection against what I see coming.
As if to underscore my fears, another, louder roar rumbles over us, and I start to run. Harpoc follows my lead and races after but doesn’t let go of my hand when I tug. Actually, I’m glad. He’s the only one keeping me sane at the moment.
I sneak a peek over my shoulder. The creature seems to be coming faster, and the moon now reveals the classic striped headdress of an Egyptian pharaoh. A feline tail flicks back and forth as it flies. 
I squint as I take a closer look at its paws. The left front one is missing; only a stump remains, and I swallow hard. It’s just like the Louvre’s sphinx. 
Shit. I run harder.
Harpoc drags me through an opening between one of the three walls, then barrels right and stops before releasing my hand. I almost wish he doesn’t let go.
Panting, I shake my head unable to comprehend the bizarre situation. It seems like forever ago since I discovered those scrolls, but it’s been only a few hours. How’s it possible my world’s been turned upside down in such a short time? Somehow magic and the fates have conspired to make this creature possible, and not just possible, but a reality, and now we have to deal with the consequences. 
Yes, the consequences… of my actions. My chest tightens.
Harpoc squeezes my shoulder seemingly following the jumble of my thoughts. “Regret never helps, only action. You’re doing something to save these people, so you can feel good about that.”
Wow, if I didn’t know better I’d say Harpoc has a heart. 
I look up into his eyes and inhale sharply. In this moment, the moonlight lights his eyes up, making them glow. Making them look exactly like the ones I always take comfort in.
Harpoc looks down, suddenly needing to straighten the collar of his immaculate duster.
Another roar, the closest and loudest yet, rattles my heart diverting my attention, and I peek over the wall.
The sphinx is here and hovers not far away.

Chapter Twelve





The creature beats its wings, blowing sandy soil around, scanning the area a ways up the field, closer to my peers than us. According to Harpoc, it’ll be looking for the Temple of Amun, its former home. It huffs and snorts, leaving no doubt to its displeasure when it doesn’t find it.
A shout rings out, piercing the darkness. 
Idiots! I clench my fists making out four archeologists racing toward a beat-up pickup truck. They probably thought this some crazy hoax and decided to stay put, then panicked when they saw the creature.
You just can’t fix stupid.
The shout draws the sphinx’s attention, and its huffing and snorting morph into snarls as it flies after them. 
Gods no! They’re a football field away from the only truck in the dirt parking lot. 
The sphinx catches up to them, then roars, directly above. 
I bite a fist not wanting to look, but I can’t look away. 
The men’s panicked shouts echo across the site as they scramble like roaches in light. It only makes the sphinx roar louder.
I grab Harpoc’s arm and draw it close. Anything to make this stop. 
I shriek when, in the blink of an eye, the creature dives and snatches one of the men up by a shoulder with its overlong, dog-like canines, then takes off with the man bellowing and writhing in its grip. 
The silver and gold eyes aren’t working! I long to bury my head in Harpoc’s firm chest and have him wrap a strong, muscled arm around me. I only barely resist, admonishing myself instead. You’re better than this, Pell. Get it together. 
I grit my teeth as the guy’s peers race after the creature, shouting and waving, but the beast ignores them, flying several yards before landing. It drags the man until it lays down and draws its stumpy leg across its squirming prize. 
“Oh gods!” 
Harpoc reaches for me with his free arm just as the sphinx releases its bite on the man, long enough to sink its teeth into his neck. The man stops writhing. 
His companions yell as they catch up.
Harpoc wrenches his arm free from my clutches and races back through the opening in our protective wall, his duster tails flying. I squeak, panicking, but he ignores me, intent on the scene of devastation. 
This is my fault. 
Guilt propels me up the field after Harpoc. I have to help him. He said he had “a couple ideas” of how to stop the creature.
Please work.
The three men are shouting and waving their arms, taking turns running toward the beast in an effort to chase it off, as I near. They’re certainly heroic friends; I doubt I’ll do the same if this is my dig team. 
While the creature doesn’t move, much less abandon its prize, the men’s efforts at least hold its attention so it doesn’t hurt their friend further. 
What can I do? 
I squeak as Harpoc skids to a stop maybe fifteen feet away from the beast. 
Way too close. What’s he think he’s doing? The voice in my head shrieks in panic.
He throws his hands up, locking eyes with Demon Lady.
This is your fault, Pell, join him, I command myself. 
But self-preservation and rational, scientific thought make me slow.
Do it, Pell. Stop being a damn chicken and join him.
I force my feet forward. Who’s acting crazy now?
“Back away. I need her full attention,” Harpoc tells the guys, never looking away from the menace. 
The trio hesitates.
 “Do as he says,” I growl, finally stopping beside him. Thank the gods, my warning sees the three retreat. 
I only barely stifle a shriek as I take in the sphinx’s full measure. It’s even bigger than I remember. I feel like that mouse in the fairy tale, dwarfed by some big-ass lion. The fairy tale mouse gnaws the lion free of its bonds, and they become fast friends in the end. Can this situation turn out equally benign? 
I can only hope.
My gaze takes in more of the creature. While bearing a human face, the sphinx’s coat is of fur, tinged pink in the moonlight, perhaps a holdover from the pink granite it’s been, who knows. I press fists to the sides of my head. Inanimate really has become animate. How? 
The Egyptian headdress I saw as it flew is the traditional striped cloth of blue and gold worn by the pharaohs, but the usual uraeus, the cobra emblem of divinity and right-to-rule, on the forehead is missing.  
“Hey, Lady.” Harpoc speaks in a soothing tone, hands still raised.
The sphinx growls as it stares him down with its big yellow eyes. The trapped man still doesn’t move, but a pool of red that isn’t from the beast grows beneath its stump. The guy needs medical attention, and fast.
 “That’s it, girl.” Harpoc takes a step closer, then another. 
I only barely stifle a yip. Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop. 
My feet stay firmly planted; they won’t move even if I beg, this close.
The sphinx flicks its tail, eyes still locked with Harpoc, slow step after slow step. 
A tremor rocks my body as terror shoots through me. This is far worse than any damn rollercoaster. How close will he get?
Harpoc narrows the gap to four feet when the beast flares its nostrils—I suck in a breath—and scents the air.
My limbs tremble as the creature draws several long draughts of Harpoc’s citrus-with-a-hint-of-cloves smell that I find so seductive.
“That’s it. Scent me,” Harpoc says.
Why does he want her to scent him?
In an instant, her eyes narrow and she roars, then leaps up on three paws, and lunges.
Harpoc pivots.
I barely hold in a screech as the beast unfurls her wings, eyes intent on my secretive companion.
He calls something over his shoulder that I miss and takes off running.
Wings appear on Harpoc’s back and he launches, but not before the sphinx is nearly on him. 
I stand transfixed with horror until movement in my periphery draws my attention. The three guys are back and racing for their companion.
Harpoc’s drawn the sphinx off so they can attend to their friend. The thought makes my knees weak. He’s been so mysterious, but he really does have a heart, a good one it seems. I’ve seen it twice now.
The three kneel and administer aide to their friend whose legs are now jerking about, and I exhale. He’s alive. 
I swing my gaze in the opposite direction, the way Harpoc heads, and my heart climbs into my throat. The beast flies at his heels at the far end of the field, where we originally stopped. 
I whimper, biting my nails.
Don’t be a damn wimp, Pell, I scold. You caused this. 
I take off at a sprint. 
I start panting from running as Harpoc lands up ahead with the roaring sphinx still nearly on him. 
What’s he doing? Don’t stop! I want to scream.
He spins around and both he and his wings disappear in a dark cloud of swirling shadows making me suck in a breath.
He reappears behind the creature, who whirls around on its one good paw and lunges for him again.
Shadows consume him anew, long enough for him to reappear several feet away.
The beast roars its fury and makes to attack once more.
I slow to a walk, sucking in air, disbelief hypnotizing me as the scene repeats itself time and again until the sphinx’s vocalizations rise, but its movements slacken.
Harpoc reappears and his chest wheezes like a secondhand bicycle pump as he draws his hands forward, calming, placating the creature as I near, speaking to it in labored pants. 
I can’t make out the words until I’m maybe fifteen feet away, but even then, I furrow my brow. He’s speaking in a language I’ve never heard, and in my field I’ve heard plenty, but the phonetics and word endings are completely foreign to me.
At least the sphinx stills, although it’s still clearly pissed because it flicks its tail erratically and its gaze never leaves him.
Small mercy, it ignores me. I’ll just be a fly on that fallen temple wall.
“Join us, Pell,” Harpoc calls, motioning me forward but never dropping his gaze from the beast’s piercing yellow eyes.
Crap! I swallow hard. You did this, Pell. It’s your fault this creature is alive, I remind myself.
Harpoc continues his monologue with the thing in whatever that language is. I’ve no idea how many languages he knows, but if the thing calms because of it, I don’t really care. It’s probably more his tone than the words anyway; I just hope it keeps working as I inch my way toward him, my heart beating wildly every step of the way. 
As I reach his side he says, “Approach her slowly, Pell. Let her scent you.”
My eyes go wide. “You can’t be serious. I’m not getting any closer to that thing.”
“I’ve told her you mean her no harm.”
“She understands that language?”
He ignores my question, focused on the creature. “She needs to scent you so she knows you’re the one who brought her back.”
“Why, so she can chase me down and eat me?” My voice rises.
“She won’t hurt you.” Still he keeps his eyes locked with the sphinx.
“You don’t know that.”
A long silence follows, but he finally exhales heavily. “You’re right. I don’t, but it’s the only way we can hope to stop her before she hurts more people.”
“So I’m the sacrificial lamb? What makes you think she’ll stop if she smells me?”
“You reek of secret magic.” 
I huff. “I do not stink.”
Harpoc chuckles, then continues. “I’m hoping I can reason with her if she knows you’re the one who released her secret.”
Reason with her? This is crazy. I’m crazy if I do this. 
I give his profile a long look before returning my gaze to the beast.
When I still haven’t moved after a couple minutes, Harpoc asks, “How serious are you about taking responsibility for what you did?”
I dispatch a growl of my own. Harpoc knows how to goad me, that’s for damn sure. “Okay, fine.” I draw my palms out, not that they’ll stop the thing if it lunges for me.
He nods.
It suddenly feels like a python is wrapping itself around my windpipe. 
You can do this, Pell. 
I lick my lips. I can do this. 
Harpoc utters more gibberish to the beast. Who knows what he’s telling it, probably that I taste like chicken, or whatever the translation is for unknown critters that sphinxes enjoy.
What do chickens think we taste like?
I hold my breath as I take a tentative step, then another, inching forward. I yip when it turns its eyes on me as I draw to within ten feet of it, my breathing laboring.
“How close do I have to get?” My voice wavers.
“Keep going.”
“I was afraid you’d say that.”
My limbs shake and forward movement slows to a sloth’s pace, but I keep putting one trembling foot in front of the other, never making any sudden movements.
When I’ve neared to within paw-swiping distance, the sphinx rises.


Chapter Thirteen





I throw my hands up, over my head, and screech as the sphinx closes the gap and sniffs my hair, loosing an angry growl once it has.
“Please don’t eat me,” I beg, cowering. 
“Lach unib lele gow url gur nakum.” 
It speaks, and it’s that language Harpoc’s been talking to her in.
I gasp, holding myself. 
“She says to calm down. She’s not going to hurt you… yet,” Harpoc says, frowning.
Yet? I feel my bowels loosen, and fear I’ll pee my pants.
Keep it together, Pell, I admonish myself. 
The sphinx glares at Harpoc, then utters more words I don’t know. 
“Why have I been brought back?” he translates.
Harpoc replies in that foreign tongue, then says to me, “It was an accident.”
The creature growls, where she stands. 
An empty feeling fills my stomach. Breathe, Pell, breathe.
“An earthquake uncovered the scroll your secret was sealed on,” he tells her. It’s the truth, hopefully she believes him.
He continues playing interpreter as the beast asks, “Then why is this one here, stinking of magic?” 
“She’s the one who discovered the trove of scrolls and translated yours.” 
I clench my jaw when the sphinx flicks her tail, eyeing me up and down. “This pitiful creature brought me back?” 
Pitiful creature? I unknowingly made a mistake, okay? 
Boy, is it hot tonight? I shrug my coat off my shoulders with trembling hands, stopping short of taking it off.
Harpoc glances my way with those silver and gold eyes, but they do nothing to calm me when he grabs the back of his neck and grimaces. “She did.” 
The creature takes a step, then another, and another, continuing to look me over as she begins to hobble-circle, coming between Harpoc and me.
Yeah, look down your stinkin’ chipped off nose at me, everyone else does. 
Despite my fiery thoughts, I don’t dare move.
“How did she manage to read the scrolls? I was under the impression that only those who…” Harpoc pauses, seemingly resisting translating. I give him a cool look, prodding him on.
“… wield secret magic can…” He stops again.
“What did she say? Tell me,” I demand. 
Harpoc huffs. “… make sense of them.”
“Only those who wield secret magic can translate them?” My voice rises.
“Hieroglyphs, Pell. You know hieroglyphics.”
“Hieroglyphs are your secret magic?” I narrow my eyes. 
He sighs. “A part.” 
I rub my ring. His claim about hieroglyphs makes no sense. Lots of people know how to read them, but they don’t reanimate ancient creatures, let alone transform inanimate ones. He isn’t telling me everything. How many secrets does Harpoc have?
 I tune back in when Harpoc tells the sphinx, “Her reading your scroll was an unforeseen anomaly, the probabilities of which are virtually incalculable.”
 “Yet she did.” The beast stops between Harpoc and me, and I swallow hard. 
“Yes… she did.” Another sigh. “I take full responsibility.”
“So you should.” She flicks her tail, then continues hobble-circling me.
He runs a hand through his locks, messing them up for the first time since I’ve met him.
I exhale, at least she isn’t standing between us anymore. Harpoc’s shoulders seem to relax a little, too. 
“So what am I to do now that I’ve been brought back?”
Harpoc wrinkles his forehead, then brings a finger to his lips and starts tapping.
“Why don’t you go back to your home at the Louvre?” I ask. 
The sphinx hisses when Harpoc remains silent. I’m guessing that’s her way of getting him to tell her what I said. 
His gaze shifts between the creature and me several times before he reluctantly translates. 
I earn a snarl. Just shut up, Pell, I reprimand myself and take to biting my lip. 
I follow the creature’s gaze as she stops and looks over the nearly barren field, then on across the land between us and the small town of San El-Hagar in the distance. At length, she returns her attention to me, letting go what sounds like a moan. 
My stomach quivers.
“This was my home. It is gone. There’s nothing for me to protect. My purpose is gone.” Sadness fills her tone, Harpoc’s too as he interprets. 
The ancient Egyptians placed sphinxes at the entrances of temples to guard their mysteries. This one had been positioned to guard the temple of Amun, but with the temple gone, she’s right, she’s out of a job. 
What’s a ticked off, animate, turned to granite, buried for eons, found, and hauled to the Louvre, then reanimated sphinx, to do? My pedigree’s nowhere near hers, but even with her stellar resume, I can’t see employment in her future. 
Joking aside, despite the harm she’s caused the archeologist, I almost feel sorry for her. Almost. She still keeps growling at me.
Harpoc keeps tapping his lips. He clearly has no ideas either.
“Prove to me you know my secret,” Harpoc interprets as the creature breaks the silence.
We exchange looks.
Why? Was not the fact that she’s here proof enough?
He takes to rubbing his dark, stubbled jaw for a time. “You don’t want Pell to do that.”
“I do.” The sphinx stares him down.
He shakes his head. “There must be something else. Another temple to guard perhaps.”
The creature wrinkles what little is left of her nose as if smelling an unpleasant odor as she speaks words laced with disdain.
“She suggested going back to the Louvre.” Harpoc translates.
She chuckles and shakes her head.
I shuffle my feet.
Harpoc translates as she continues. “You seem to think you have all the answers.” She gives me a pointed look, and I shrink back, then sense the snip in her tone despite not understanding her words. “What other temples need guarding?” Harpoc translates.
I’ve no idea what ancient temples still exist, but I can’t imagine much good will come from her stalking outside any of them. “I don’t know.”
Way to go, Pell. Open mouth, insert foot.
The sphinx returns her gaze to Harpoc. “Have her prove she knows my secret.”
He looks down at his boots and sighs.
“What’s she planning to do?” 
Harpoc doesn’t answer, just closes his eyes and shakes his head.
“Look out!” 
He looks up and startles, then whips up a hand as the sphinx closes to within five feet of him. “Please have patience.”
He motions for me to join him. 
Nothing I’d love to do more since it’ll get her from between us. 
I eye the ground between him and me, with our “friend” between, and opt for a circuitous route. I’ll give her a very, very wide berth. 
That pair of eyes, one gold the other silver, bound to the forefront of my mind, but my pulse still races as I take the first slow step. No way will I rile her with any sudden moves. 
Steady, Pell, you can do this. I keep the mantra going, over and over, as her gaze follows me every cotton pickin’ step of the way.
Harpoc winks when I at last reach him. I almost want to hug him and never let go. He puts a reassuring arm around my shoulders despite the bulk of my jacket still over my arms. 
I don’t care that he’s crazy, his touch grounds me, and I slump in his arm.
“Pell, do you remember the riddle you translated?” 
I look up at him. “Of course, it was only the greatest discovery of the century.”
“Tell me again.” His voice is gentle. “Tell her.” He nods toward the creature who’s sitting on her haunches. She keeps glancing between us, but in Harpoc’s arms, I’m not intimidated. 
“Often talked of, never seen,” I begin, my voice strong. 
The sphinx straightens.
“Ever coming, never been.”
Harpoc rubs my shoulder with his thumb making the hair on my neck rise.
I clear my throat. “Daily looked for, never here.”
The creature flicks her tail but remains silent.
“Still approaching, coming near.” Fluttering erupts in my chest as Harpoc continues moving his thumb.
The sphinx begins to purr as I say, “Thousands for my visit wait, but alas, for their fate.”
I look over at Harpoc and whisper, “Keep going?”
“Please.” His thumb doesn’t still.
I nod and lick my lips as a chill runs up my back. “Though they expect me to appear, they will never find me here.”
My legs turn twitchy, and it’s not from reciting the riddle. “What am I?”
The sphinx looks down and sighs. Harpoc translates what she says next, “I lived to serve and protect. This is my home from which I shall never again be parted.”
My brain is somewhat addled with Harpoc’s thumb circling like it is, but a sense of impending doom settles over me. What’s she saying?
The creature has sadness in her eyes as she asks me, “What is the answer to my riddle?” Harpoc’s translation.
I put my hand over his, stilling his digit, then look between him and her. What’s about to happen?
I open and close my mouth. 
“Reveal her secret. She deserves that much,” Harpoc encourages when I still haven’t said anything a minute later.
My gut trembles as I say, “Tomorrow.”

Chapter Fourteen





The sphinx looks skyward and a terrible roar that jars every bone in my body sounds. All rational thought vanishes. 
Only Harpoc hugging me to his side with a strong arm keeps me vertical.
“Easy there,” he encourages.
I swallow hard and nod. Keep it together, Pell.
The sphinx turns, and with eyes fixed toward the blue tents launches into the air, heading for the guys! 
“They evacuated him to the truck a few minutes ago,” Harpoc says into my ear.
I sigh with relief as I watch the winged creature fly. She lands in front of the largest of the tents, then limps into the shadow between it and another. A loud crash, the sound of several large metal somethings collapsing, reaches us.
“What’s she doing?” 
Harpoc stays silent and I glance up into his face. His expression remains neutral, watching.
More clanking and clattering. 
I strain to see into the darkness between the tents to no avail.
After a protracted silence, another fierce roar rises but dies seconds later.
Harpoc closes his eyes and bows his head.
“What’s she doing?”  
“Come.” He drops his arm from my shoulders and nods toward the tents.
A rock fills the pit of my stomach as I shrug my coat back over my shoulders. I fear I know what we’ll find but refuse to think it into existence.
Anxiety erupts inside me like a volcano the closer we get, and my scalp starts to prickle.
“You don’t need to see this,” Harpoc says when the tip of her tufted tail comes into focus. It doesn’t move.
Breathe, Pell. Breathe.
“I… I think I do.”
“Pell, have you ever seen...” His metallic eyes are soft.
I swallow. “I’ve seen a dead cat.”
Harpoc gives me a long look. 
I know it’ll be different than a cat, but I need to see what my words have caused, and I nod him on. 
The tent’s shadow makes sight difficult, but there’s no mistaking the dark hulking shape that lays as still as the granite it has, most recently, until today, been crafted of. 
“I’m going to grab a flashlight. Wait here,” my companion says and heads toward the command tent we spoke to the others in.
I feel alone the instant he disappears around the corner of the tent and draw my hands across myself, surveying the dark shape of the still creature. I realize how used to Harpoc’s comforting presence I’ve gotten in just a few hours. 
Get a grip, Pell, you’re better than this. 
Not one sound penetrates the stillness of the night; not a bird’s chirp, not a locust’s soft buzzing, not a mouse’s scurrying, nothing. It’s as if nature itself holds its collective breath until we discover what’s become of the sphinx.
A couple minutes later a flashlight beam announces Harpoc’s return. “Here you go,” he says, handing me another. 
I run my light over the beast’s pinkish fur from its hind feet toward its head, then step forward, my gut tightening. 
She lays headfirst on a heap of jumbled tools; the handles of shovels and spades peek out from beneath her stomach and chest along with a growing pool of red. 
I inhale sharply.
Harpoc strides to her shoulder and with a mighty push, rolls her on her side. 
A squeak escapes me when I spot a pickax jutting from her heart. She’s killed herself after I proved I knew the answer to her riddle… just like the sphinx at Thebes centuries before. She decided to when she assessed her life would be meaningless.
What have you done, Pell? I bite my lip.
I should be happy that she’s no longer a danger, but I can’t escape the wave of sadness that washes over me. Until this afternoon, I thought sphinxes exist only in myth. She’s somehow been subjected to some weird stasis as a statue and has finally killed herself… because of me.
No matter how bizarre the situation, to be the cause of any being’s death, let alone by suicide… leaves me feeling… what? Hollow, uneasy… fitting words escape me.
“Hey…,” Harpoc says, motioning me toward him.
I stop beside him, and one hand in my coat pocket, the other still shining the light on the sphinx, I long for him to wrap his arm around me again and tell me… tell me that I’m not a bad person for causing this, that the meaninglessness I feel will fade in time, that everything will be okay. 
Emotion bubbles up inside me unbidden, and I can’t swallow back a tear that persists in escape. I swipe at the thing, taking a deep breath.
Keep it together, Pell. But my admonition rings hollow.
Without a word, Harpoc draws me against his muscled chest, wraps his arms around me, and holds me close. 
It takes me several minutes to compose myself, not that I’m a crying mess because I’m not, but when I finally step back Harpoc gives me a warm smile. It isn’t mocking or chiding as many have been up until now. No, this is a genuine smile that I chose to believe means he’s glad he can be here to comfort and support me. It looks good on him. 
Harpoc has some depth, and I want to get to know him better.
Whoa, Pell. Not smart. Don’t fall for him.
I find a Kleenex in my pocket and blow my nose.
“Her choice is not your fault, Pell. Don’t try to take responsibility for it.”
“But if I hadn’t brought her—”
“She decided she had nothing to live for, not you.”
“We didn’t exactly counter her arguments.”
“And you knew of something for her to do to feel valued?”
“No. I did think about it, but I came up empty.”
“Exactly. She arrived in a time no longer hers, and she knew it.”
“I brought her here when she never should have been. I did that to her.”
“You didn’t know. You can’t hold yourself responsible for what you’re blind to. You saw only opportunity. You didn’t know about secret magic much less what it would do.”
My head knows he’s right, but my shoulders droop all the same.
Harpoc reaches forward and, with a finger, draws my chin up. “If you’d have known what would happen, would you have read that scroll?”
I jerk my head away. “No, of course not.”
He bobs his head. “There you go. Lesson learned. It was a mistake you won’t repeat.”
“I’ll say.” But my heart still feels heavy.
I turn and my gaze sweeps over the sphinx’s still corpse once more. “I’m so sorry for bringing you back. It was an accident, you know that. If you can hear me wherever you are, I hope someday you can forgive me.”
Confessing to a dead sphinx is silly, but as I speak the words from my heart the guilt I’m feeling eases. 
Harpoc gives me another of his warm smiles. “You okay?”
I bob my head.
“Then it’s time to take care of her.”
I furrow my brow.
“We can’t very well leave her here,” he says.
I scan the area not seeing any possibilities of burying something her size. “What’d you have in mind?”
“The great catnip fields in the skies.”
My eyebrows raise. “There’s—”
Harpoc laughs, which makes me laugh. It feels good to let go of some of my tension and angst. That’s why he says it, I have no doubt, and I gently punch his very firm bicep. “Thank you.”
He nods toward the sphinx, and I turn in time to see something near her head sparkle, then float up. More and more sparkles follow until a trail forms in the air above her and drifts skyward.
My mouth drops open the longer I watch. It’s like a host of fireflies migrating down her back, surrounding her legs and tail, slowly floating up, disappearing into the night sky. It’s magical to behold, and I choose to release the remaining traces of guilt along with it.
I turn back to Harpoc only once the last of her and the sparkles have disappeared. “That was nice, fitting I think. She’ll be forever free.” And so will I.
“Glad you approve.” He gives me a wink, then turns and scans the area. “You mentioned seeing this dig site, would you still like to in daylight? Seems we have the place to ourselves.” 
“You mean like… like stay here tonight?” My voice rises, probably more than it should, relief contributing. 
We certainly do have the place to ourselves. We’re completely alone… together. 
“No doubt we can find a vacant bed or two.” A corner of Harpoc’s mouth hitches up.
It’s good that the flashlight’s inanimate because I squeeze it tight trying to control my hand’s twitching. Seeing this ancient site would be amazing, but… I bite my lip.
“You’ve been rather… secretive…” I hedge, unsure how to say this without him taking offense. “… like you don’t want me knowing more about you. Why would you want to spend more time with me?”
“Pell, I’ve never not wanted to spend time with you.”
Butterflies start tap dancing in my stomach, but I push them back, wagging my brows. “With my superpowers of observation, I might discover something you don’t want me to know about you.” 
“You fancy yourself a super heroine, do you?” Harpoc’s smile can’t get wider. 
“Absolutely. I’m saving the world from secrecy.”
“I believe I’m up for the challenge.” He pulls his shoulders back and chest out, as cocky as ever. 
Game on. I grin to myself.
“Come on, I promise I’ll behave myself.” Harpoc winks as he draws his arm wide, inviting me to walk with him.
My face warms. I’m glad he can’t see how red I’ve turned in the dark.
Harpoc draws open the flap on the smallest—not a pup tent, but still smallish—tent, and my mouth goes dry. 
He wags his brows as he says, “After you, my lady.”
I fist my free hand trying and failing to control my nerves, then step into his lair. 
Yes, lair. Good name for it, Pell.
I hope he doesn’t notice my flashlight beam shaking as we both do a quick inspection that reveals a pair of neatly made canvas cots against opposing walls, separated by a stack of suitcases with a rechargeable lantern on top. Trunks stand at the foot of each cot along with several books, whether for study or pleasure I’ll soon find out.
“Looks like you picked the site managers’ accommodations,” I say.
“Only the best for you.” 
I titter in response. I actually titter.
What is wrong with you, Pell? Get a grip.
I make a beeline for the cot dressed in a blue blanket to the right and sit before I do something really stupid. 
Harpoc swaggers to the stack of suitcases and switches on the light before pulling off his duster and laying it across the trunk along with his flashlight. “Might as well get comfortable.”
As he turns, I can’t help but notice how his leather vest fits his trim frame very nicely and his butt...  
Stop it, Pell.
I rise and shuck my coat off, doing the same, then quickly sit back down, hands in my lap. “So…”
Harpoc’s metallic eyes dance. My heart won’t slow.
“Do you enjoy reading?” Harpoc asks from where he’s lying, arm under his head, after several awkwardly silent moments.
I resist fiddling with my fingers. “I do. I prefer almost any kind of fantasy, but I’ll go for”—my face warms—“other genres once in a while if I’m in the mood.”
Yes, other steamy genres that I’m not about to divulge.
Harpoc sits up and grins like the Cheshire cat. “And do these ‘other genres’ have names?” 
Seems I don’t need to specify. Alarm bells shriek in my head. Redirect, Pell, redirect.
I clear my throat trying and failing to stop blushing. “What do you like to read?”
He smirks, taking delight in my discomfort for entirely too long before replying, “I don’t get the chance to read much.”
“But when you do?” 
“Oh, a little of this, a little of that.”
I furrow my brow. He says he’s a private person, okay fine, but why does that include secrecy about his reading habits? Give me a break. 
I set my jaw. Enough. If we’re spending the night together, I’m going to find out more about him. No way am I sleeping with… near… someone who might be a, a… a spy—he knows some old language I’ve never heard—or, or… or demon—demons have wings, right?—or, or… dark, swirly… a dark, swirly I don’t know what.  
But as I meet his beautiful eyes, butterflies launch in my stomach. I’m in deep, deep doo-doo with a very hot guy I’ve no hope of besting.
Redheads aren’t bimbos, Pell. Stop acting like a brainless nitwit and get him talking. 
Right, right. I can do this, I will do this.
I take a calming breath and let it out slowly. I have questions, lots and lots of them, and I will get answers. 
Harpoc brings his focus back to me after glancing about the tent. 
“You spoke to the sphinx in a language I’m not familiar with. What was it?”
“You’re familiar with a lot of languages in your line of work?”
“Yes, and it didn’t sound like any of the ones I know.”
“How many languages do you know?”
Damn it, he’s diverting again. Fine, two can play this game. “Not enough apparently.” I resist growling, then put on my sweetest face. “So what language was it?” I wag my brows like he’s done a few times.
He brings a finger to his mouth and starts tapping.
Fine, I’ll come back to that one.
“If that sphinx was alive to have a secret recorded, what turned her to granite?”
He grins and continues tapping.
I fume under my breath.
“Fine, then tell me about this secret magic of yours that hieroglyphs are supposedly a part of.” I fist the blanket beneath me at his continued silence.
At length, he asks, “Are you done interrogating me?” He cocks an eyebrow. “As it happens, the more you know about me, the more danger I put you in.”
My stomach clenches. “Why? Are you a spy? A demon? With nefarious motives?”
His expression hardens.
Like he’ll answer truthfully if he is, Pell. I roll my eyes at myself. 
He gives me a long look. “Have I done anything nefarious? Have I harmed you in any way? You ask me this when all I’ve done is taken care in bringing you here.”
“I nearly tossed my cookies.” I frown.
He dips his head. “Fair enough, the first time tripskipping can be unsettling.”
“Tripskipping? Is that what you call it?”
He ignores my comment and continues. “Other than that, have I harmed you in any way?”
“Well, no, but—”
“You’re very curious, Pell, that’s good in the right situation.”
Yes, like right now. “You said knowing more about you is dangerous. What if I want to live dangerously?” 
A corner of his mouth hitches and falls again. “Let’s get some sleep. I promise I won’t hurt you while you slumber.” He chuckles as he eases off his boots with his toes and swings his legs onto the cot again. 
A lot of answers I get out of him. I shake my head, then reach over and turn off the lantern. 
This isn’t the end of it, not by a long shot.


Chapter Fifteen





Feeling someone staring at me, my eyes shoot open.
Kaz stands with arms crossed in the doorway of the tent. 
“Ah, good morning, sir,” Harpoc says from across the way, sitting up. “Can’t say it was the most comfortable sleep I’ve had, but it did the trick.”
“Glad you availed yourself of my lodgings.” His voice drips of sarcasm.
I furrow my brow, sitting up and pulling my boots on. Kaz had been the nice one yesterday. What’s happened?
“How’s your man?” I ask. Perhaps a little personal relating will help.
“Hal is in critical condition after undergoing several hours of surgery last night to repair the tendon that connects his neck and shoulder. That thing did quite a number on him.” His shoulders droop.
Shit. This is my fault.
Harpoc gives me a knowing look, and the conversation we had last night limps back to mind.
“What’s his prognosis?” I ask, my mouth going dry nonetheless.
“The doctors are hoping for a positive outcome, but he may never have full use of his arm again. It’ll be touch and go for a while.”
I stand and approach, noting the dark circles under his eyes. “I’m sorry about your friend and for having intruded. I had hoped to tour the site as I’ve studied the Decree of Canopus extensively while learning hieroglyphics. It’s why we stayed. But here, let’s get out of your hair.” 
I turn and grab my coat, heading for Kaz and the exit behind with Harpoc on my heels.
Kaz holds up a hand. “I’m sorry. Look, I’ve been up all night worried about Hal. I know this wasn’t your fault. You tried to warn us, but Hal’s kind of an independent, ornery sort who doesn’t like to be told what to do, and I have to say your story sounded pretty farfetched.”
I chuckle. “You’re not alone. I didn’t believe it either to begin with.” I put a hand on his arm as I stop beside him.
“I didn’t see that creature. Is it…?” Kaz says.
“It’s gone for good,” Harpoc replies.
Questions fill Kaz’s eyes, but a yawn wipes them away. “Go grab some grub in the command tent.” He covers his mouth. “The others are just getting back from the motel in town where they stayed last night after I kicked them out of the hospital. They should have breakfast ready soon. Help yourself and then have a look around. The site is quite a jewel of history.” He forces a smile.
“Thank you, Kaz, I’d like that. Again, I’m sorry about your friend.”
Harpoc and I walk the few steps to their command tent in silence, more of which greets us when we step inside. The subdued mood of the team morphs into frowns and scowls as we help ourselves to coffee, macaroni bechamel, and falafels.
I understand their anger. Most of them were smart and evacuated, so they didn’t see what happened. No doubt they hold us responsible for their leader’s condition.
Despite what Harpoc said last night about not taking responsibility for others’ decisions, I pick at my food, unable to keep guilt completely at bay. If only I hadn’t translated that scroll. 
Harpoc soon digs into his second helping of béchamel, eating enough for the both of us. How can he not feel responsible?
I rub my thighs under the picnic table, across from him. The dig team’s given us a wide berth and eats in a clump at the other tables.
“You done?” Harpoc finally asks. 
“Yes.” 
I’m never so happy when he stands, gathers my unfinished breakfast, and disposes of our paper plates. “Come on.”
Turning to the others he says, “Thank you for your hospitality. I hope your leader makes a full recovery.”
With that he pushes through the tent flap and holds it open for me. 
The sun has started climbing in the sky and several birds chatter, but despite the sunny morning, my chest is tight as we kick up dust on our way toward the temple ruins. In any other situation, I’d be like a kid in a candy store, thrilled to experience an opportunity like this, but my heart isn’t in it. 
Halfway to our destination, Harpoc grabs my arm and draws me up short.
“Just like the sphinx, that man’s choice is not your fault.” 
I open my mouth to protest, but he presses a finger across my lips. 
“You brought the sphinx to life, yes, but you’re hardly responsible for its or that man’s choices. He could have evacuated with the others. He chose not to. On top of that, they tried to flee, which is how he got into that mess to begin with. They’d have been better off just staying put.” He clenches his jaw.
“But—”
Harpoc keeps his finger in place and shakes his head. “I’m sorry it happened, too, I truly am, but you can’t take responsibility for any of their choices.”  
He lifts his finger and I look down at the dirt. Like before, his argument makes sense, but I still feel bad. 
“Pell, it’s not wrong to feel bad, but that’s different than feeling guilty.” 
I’m not responsible for anyone’s decisions but my own… no matter the outcome. The thought brings me up short. 
Have I always blended the two? Feeling bad and feeling guilty? With my messed-up upbringing, it’s entirely possible. In fact, it’s probable. But with that distinction, a sense of peace flits over me because he’s right; their choices are no one’s responsibility but their own. 
The tightness in my chest eases, and I take in a deep breath, pushing back guilt. I still feel bad, but I shouldn’t feel guilty. 
I ponder for several more seconds and decide I can live with that. 
“We don’t have to stay if you don’t want to. I can take you back, just say the word.” Harpoc’s eyes soften. 
I study his face for signs of frustration at my propensity to take on guilt so quickly but find none. No, he’s not judging me.
He really does have a good heart.
I take another deep breath as I scan the field of overturned obelisks and stacked granite blocks, and my archeology juices start to flow—one cracked pot digging up another, true indeed. I laugh to myself. This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. 
We stay.
Based on that experience with the sphinx, it seems Harpoc knows a bit about the ancient world, so he’s a good sport as I regale him with irrelevant trivia and stories about artifacts I’ve unearthed in my work as we wander through the largest parts of the site; while many of the artifacts from here have been sent to one museum or another, there’s much about the ancient civilization still being discovered, and excitement overwhelms my melancholy in short order.
That and renewed curiosity, because there’s also the question from last night that I plan to get to the bottom of. The fact that he and the sphinx spoke in a language the two of them understood, but I sure didn’t, and I know a bunch. 
Harpoc confirmed that hieroglyphs are part of his secret magic. Does it also give him knowledge of all sorts of languages? Is that why he could speak with the sphinx? That sure would be cool. And handy.
Perhaps I can wheedle the truth out of him today. 
As we investigate the temple of Amun’s ruins, I get excited and point at a hole in the ground. “Oh, oh, look!”
Harpoc narrows his eyes.
“This used to be a water well, but not just any water well. See the markings on the lip and down the inside?”
“Yes.” He draws out the word, grinning at my excitement. 
“It’s a nilometer.”
“Let me guess, it’s a water well that measures… nil, nothing?”
I snort. “Ni-lom-eter, not nil-om-eter.”
He throws his palms up in surrender. “Enlighten me.”
“In ancient Egypt, the Nile was very important to farming. During part of the year, the river burst its banks and covered the adjacent floodplain. When the waters receded, they left behind a black silt that made the land incredibly fertile.”
Harpoc bobs his head. “So this—” He smirks. “—Nile-o-meter?” 
“Ni-lom-eter.” I roll my eyes. “It was connected through a tunnel to the Nile and allowed the priests to gauge flood levels. Too much or too little told them they had ticked off the gods and the pharaoh, as the earthly representative of the sun god, wasn’t doing his job.”
“Wouldn’t have wanted to be the priest who told pharaoh he was fired.” 
I burst out laughing. 
Harpoc looks about. “Why’s it here in the temple?”
“Having it handy allowed the priests to predict the volume of the coming flood, adding to their mystique.” 
“I see.” His eyes light up. “So was there an Amazonometer or Yangtzeometer or Mississippiometer?” 
I shake my head, unable to hold back a grin. “No idea.”
So goes the afternoon with Harpoc’s reactions to my exposition continually cracking me up, but no opportunity presents itself to probe into his understanding of whatever language he and the sphinx spoke in, and perhaps, more importantly, whether it’s his secret magic that allows him to know other languages quickly and easily. It’s okay. I can be patient.
As the sun, at last, sends long, orange rays across the field, I turn to Harpoc. “Thank you.”
“For what?”
“For letting me blather on and on about old and dusty artifacts.”
“I actually found some of your interpretations enlightening. Like the purpose and use of some of the tools.” He wags his brows.
I furrow mine. “Do you know of a different purpose for some?” I’d given him the generally accepted understanding.
He grins as he puts a finger over his mouth and shakes his head.
Then why that reaction? Maybe the sexy dude thinks they look more like sex toys. I snort to myself. But it again feels like he’s hiding something. So what else is new?
His eyes stop dancing, and he glances over the site again. “You ready to go?”
I scan the field one last time, the blue tents a long ways down. It’s been an amazing day, one that I’ll never forget both in watching Harpoc’s reactions as well as—my cheeks warm—ogling his fine, fine bod. Of course, there’d also been the site and its artifacts. I squelch a snicker. 
“Yeah, I’m ready.”
I draw my hand behind his back like before and breathe in his citrus and clove scent. It doesn’t feel nearly as awkward as it did the first time.
Watch yourself, Pell. You still don’t know much about him. 
I ignore my inner voice as he draws me closer and shadows swallow us.
As before, I shriek as disorientation and darkness scare me shitless for what feels like an eternity and my stomach nearly empties itself. 
Cursed tripskipping!
Thankfully there’s no flight involved this time—I won’t ask why. I certainly don’t miss it—because I find myself beside him in my ramshackle motel room. I’m never so glad to see it, smelly carpet, peeling paint, and all, once more. Perhaps there’s a certain charm to it, after all.
But the confines of my small room make things feel weird again as I step out of his arms—I enjoy feeling his firm arms around me, too much.
Snap out of it, Pell. 
I head for the safety of my desk to lean against, then turn. “Um… would you care for a drink or something? We can go out for dinner, to a different place tonight.” I want to pepper him with more questions about his secret magic.
He smiles a smile that I’m quickly finding lights me up inside, then straightens the collar of his duster. “Thank you for the invitation, but I need to attend to a few things at home.”
I clear my throat, trying to push back sadness that besets me with those words. “Where is home for you?” I still haven’t placed his accent, and it can’t hurt to ask.
He forces a smile. “As I mentioned before, the less you know about me the better. I had fun today, though. Thank you.” 
His eyes look tired all of a sudden, and I bite back the question of why? He said before it would put me in danger, but from who? What’s wrong with knowing more about him? Regardless, his tiredness tells me it’s been a while since he’s played like we did today. 
I bite my tongue wanting to ask when… or if… I’ll see him again. 
Just stop, Pell. Don’t be needy. 
I rub my ring. Is that it, then? Is my opportunity to better understand him and his magic gone?
“Okay then, until later,” he says, then dark shadows swirl around him and he vanishes.
He said “later.” My stomach flutters, and my thoughts start to swirl. Is that definitely “later” or the noncommittal, “later” later? He doesn’t seem the type to flower his words. Wait, no, he said, “until later.” Is that different than just “later”? 
Pell, get a grip. 
I smile as I again chose to ignore my inner voice. 
Who is this guy who’s crawled into my brain and is slowly making me crazy? 

Chapter Sixteen





I fight my way inside the flap of the command tent’s undulating blue canvas. The rain has abated over night, but not the wind, and it’s still miserably cold. Welcome to Greece.
“Where’s Jude?” I ask, killing conversation between three of the guys who sit sipping coffee from paper cups at one of the picnic tables.
“And good morning to you, too, Pell,” Terin, the finds manager, says, chuckling. 
I frown as I cross over to the coffee carafe perched on the food table alongside paximadi, a hard bread, hummus, yogurt, and fruit. My stomach rumbles in eager anticipation.
“Jude’s at the cistern. Irik dragged him out there first thing. Wouldn’t even let him finish his breakfast.” 
I inhale sharply, and my stomach goes hard. “The cistern? Why?” I attempt to keep my tone light and fail.
“No idea.” Terin takes another sip of his coffee.
I grab a cup of coffee and throw a top on it, hastily slather hummus on a piece of paximadi, and stuff it in my mouth before heading back out into the elements. 
My thoughts mirror the swirling gusts as I clutch my coffee and chew, sloughing my way through the mud past overturned wheelbarrows and buckets. What’s so urgent to have Irik drag Jude all the way out there before he finished his breakfast? 
Harpoc resealed that room. He did. I keep telling myself. 
Despite my best efforts, my mind can conjure no possibilities except that Irik has somehow found it, and my stomach twists.
Please, no.
Dust and faint voices greet me as I reach the top of the cistern stairway. 
I don’t bother licking my fingers, just wipe them on the limestone blocks before turning on my Maglite and plunging into the depths. 
I sneeze within twenty steps, and halfway down, through the haze, my light reveals several loose rocks strewn across the landing.
Crap.
I scurry down the remaining stairs and stop dead in my tracks as I turn left at the bottom. A pickax rests amongst a host of broken and scattered limestones, beside a gaping hole in the wall. 
Shit!
I sneeze again as I pick my way toward the no-longer-secret room with trepidation. How did Irik know about it?
“This may be the greatest find in the last decade, Irik. Unbelievable.” Jude’s voice drifts into the landing, oozing enthusiasm and awe. “I still don’t understand how you found it.”
Neither do I. 
Irik laughs. “Just a little thumping here and there.”
Call me a fiery redhead but my temper ignites in an instant. He plans to take credit for my find. But what am I going to say? Yeah, Jude, I found this trove of scrolls day before yesterday and then a sexy guy came and together we dealt with a sphinx that came to life as a result?
“I’d no idea there might be something so extraordinary right under our noses,” Jude continues.
 It about kills me to bite my tongue, but I manage it, just barely, crushing my empty coffee cup as I fist my hands, then stuff it in my pocket. 
Play it cool, Pell. Play it cool. Focus on the problem and pray they haven’t read any of those scrolls. 
I put on my best face of indifference and stride into the room. “Good morning. The guys told me I could find you here.”
“Pell,” Jude says, glancing up at me from where he kneels before two ancient manuscripts that lay open. “Look what Irik discovered.”
Irik, the dumb ass, lets the corner of his mouth rise. I do my best to ignore the idiot, gazing across the shelves bursting with ancient knowledge that still inspires awe in me, but my stomach sours as I realize, not counting the scrolls on the floor, several more are missing. Did Irik make off with them? I wouldn’t put it past him.
I return my focus to the open scrolls and bite my lip before asking, “What do they say?”
“We’ve only just started translating them, Pell,” Jude says. “It’s odd considering we’re in Greece, but they’re in hieroglyphs.”
Yes! They haven’t read them. 
I quickly wipe the smile off my face.
“Hieroglyphs are your specialty if I remember, Pelly,” Irik says, winking as he unzips his navy parka where he stands near the shelves. 
I struggle to push down the fury he knows he’s unleashing with the use of that name. “Irik, have you ever heard of a bony-eared assfish?”
He grins. “Can’t say I have.”
“Not a wonder. They have the smallest brain-to-body weight ratio of all vertebrates, and you’ve just proven you are one.”  
The royal snob’s eyes go wide, and I laugh.
Jude cuts off our bickering. “I have to admit I’m a bit rusty with my ancient Egyptian. Why don’t you help us out?”  
Crap, crap, crap. 
“Should you be trying to decipher them out in the field? Won’t it hurt the scrolls?” I ask. It’s worth a try.
“One or two shouldn’t be a problem, right, Jude?” Irik winks at me and my eyes go wide.
Pay the jerk no mind, Pell. I exhale loudly.
Jude motions for me to kneel beside him. “This find is historic and I have to know what they say before I contact headquarters.” Jude’s anything but emotive usually, but excitement laces his every word.
Damn. Where’s Harpoc when I need him? I can’t release another centuries-old creature. 
“Go ahead,” Jude says, after I hesitate for a minute. I steal a look out of the corner of my eye to see his eyes sparkle. 
A little help Harpoc?
I clear my throat as Irik the Oaf lands on his knees across from me. “Yes, go ahead, Pelly.”
Don’t be like him, Pell, be the better woman. I barely stifle a snicker.
I focus on the text that Jude shines his light on, and my stomach goes hard. Whatever it is, there’s only two or three sentences devoted to it. I’ll decipher it in no time.
Crap, crap, double crap. How can I delay longer? Harpoc, get your sexy ass over here.
“Go ahead, Pell,” Jude encourages.
“I con…” Irik says, trying to beat me to it. “Wait, what’s that next character?” 
I give him an evil eye. If I dally longer, these two’ll no doubt attempt to translate it and all hell will again break out.
They can’t know the true nature of these scrolls. With his big mouth, Irik will blabber Harpoc’s secrets in that arrogant, snobbish droll of his to anyone who’ll listen. They’ll be public knowledge quicker than I can say “Irik’s an ass” and who knows how many other creatures might be brought back once they’re fully translated. 
I glance at the papyrus. 
Please, oh please, be the secret of an ant or tiny, tiny, tiny cockroach. Who knows if such creatures have secrets, but I can hope.
I refocus on the first line of the text. Like the sphinx’s scroll, this missive begins with a title. My shoulders curl forward as I read, “Secret of Zephyr the Harpy.” 
Shiiiit! 
“A harpy? They were the dogs of Zeus, agents of punishment who abducted people and tortured them on their way to Tartarus. They were vicious, cruel, and violent,” Jude says, and his eyes start to dance.
Harpoc! I don’t know how you knew I translated that scroll before, but get your sexy ass here, right now!
“A harpy had a secret?” Irik adds, like it’s no big deal. “Hmm, interesting thing to be written on this scroll.” 
No, no, no, no, not interesting. Not one little bit. Jude’s right, Harpy’s are indeed Zeus’ minions. They’re big and bad and have a reputation for exacting all manner of evil and violence for their boss. 
I exhale heavily. I can’t translate this. Harpies are nothing to mess with. 
“I remember the story of when Zeus gave King Phineus of Thrace the gift of seeing the future, and he accidentally said too much,” I say, attempting to stall. “The fool gave away one of Zeus's secret plans so he punished the king by blinding him and putting him on an island with a buffet of food he could never eat because his harpies always arrived to steal it out of his hands before he could satisfy his hunger. Do you remember, Jude?”
I bite my lip. Come on, Harpoc. Where are you?
“Of course,” Jude says. “It continued until Jason and the Argonauts arrived. They’d been having problems figuring out a way around a perilous island. Phineus promised to tell them the course to take if they would deliver him from the harpies.”  
“This is all fascinating, but what’s the rest of the scroll say?” Irik asks. He wags his brows. “I’m dying to know what secret a harpy could possibly have.”
Be careful what you wish for, Mister A. Nnoying Smartypants… 
I clear my throat preparing to continue translating against my better judgment.
What if I mistranslate it? A flutter rises from my stomach at the completely random thought. 
Yes. Mistranslating would surely keep Zephyr the harpy at bay. Right?
I shift and prepare to continue translating. “I confess that I”—I glance at my companions whose focus remains on the script— “I leaked Zeus’—”
“Wait, wait, wait. That’s a lion followed by two strokes, a single reed, and then a hand,” Irik blurts. “That’s ‘lied’ not ‘leaked,’ Pell.” The jerk wags his brows.
Urg. Busted!
“Sorry, my bad.” 
Jude frowns. “You okay, Pell?”
“Yes. Sorry. Got ahead of myself.”
My boss bobs his head, indicating I should continue.
“I confess that I lied to Zeus.”
I again glance between the guys but get nothing but silence in return.
I can’t be held responsible. 
You can, Pell. I exhale heavily.
The guys are waiting…
Blast it all. Harpoc.
“‘He instructed me to…’ Do you really want me to continue? Doesn’t it feel like we’re breaking some kind of confidence?”
Harpoc, come on, help a girl, would ya. The tone in my head turns pleading.
Jude and Irik furrow their brows.
“Why the hesitancy, Pell?” Jude asks.
“Oh, no. No hesitancy. It just feels… private is all.”
“Keep going,” Irik says, motioning.
I go back to my task. “‘He instructed me to haul that chupacabra off to Hades, but I didn’t.’ A gutsy move if you ask me,” I add.
Again only silence greets my exposition. I have just one sentence left.
You’re killing me, Harpoc. Killing me.
“‘The thing stunk to high Elysium, and I couldn’t do it.’” I exhale, tasting failure. “That’s everything.” 
“That’s quite a secret, I must say.” Irik laughs. “Wonder what it means. Why would someone write something like that down? It doesn’t sound like any cultures I’ve yet studied.”
Jude’s smile eclipses his entire face. “Perhaps we’re about to discover a civilization predating Mycenae.”
Glad they’re excited because heaviness besets me. If this is like that sphinx, I’ve released Zephyr the harpy on the world and who knows what she’ll do?

Chapter Seventeen





“What’s this other scroll say, Pell?” Jude asks, motioning to the right, toward the other open manuscript. What’s left of its ragged corners are weighed down by chunks of loose limestone.
I barely resist closing my eyes with dread. As if a harpy unleashed on the world isn’t bad enough. They have no idea.
Harpoc, where are you? Get the lead out, I plead with the universe.
He came the instant I finished translating that other scroll. What’s taking him so long? He said he was “headed home” when he left last night. Exactly how far away is “home” for him? Was he “in the ‘hood’” and came immediately, before? So many questions. Surprise, surprise.
I fiddle with the ring on my finger as I try to come up with some excuse not to continue translating. The three of us have done enough damage.
As if in answer, the ground starts shaking and my eyes go wide. “Aftershock!”
Loose dirt begins raining down on us. 
Irik looks at the ceiling. “Let’s get out of here.” His elbows press into his sides in fear. 
If not for the situation, I would laugh at the big sissy.
“Yes, certainly,” Jude agrees, rising to standing. 
No need to tell me twice. 
Thank you, thank you, thank you, whoever you are who caused this. Not to be ungrateful, but if you can maybe also create a cave in, I’d really appreciate it. Oh, but wait until we’re out, okay?
More shaking is the only response. I’ll take it.
I grab my Maglite and bolt for the opening, taking the stairs two at a time. Those metallic eyes jump to the forefront of my mind as I propel myself upward as the shaking intensifies. 
Okay bad idea, bad idea. No cave in, no cave in, please. 
Everything will be okay, I keep telling myself.
Irik lumbers past me after ten steps. 
Yeah, don’t mind me, ya pansy. 
Halfway up, I start coughing as dust fills the stairway. 
Faster, Pell, faster! 
I steady myself with a hand against the trembling wall ten steps later. 
Hey, I said no cave in!
The shaking continues, and I stagger out of the stairway and into the wind, coughing. A cloud of dust billows after me, but a stiff gust disburses it just as quickly.
Irik stands with his hands in his coat pockets, panting. “That was close.”
The tremor still shakes things, and I whirl around. “Where’s Jude?”
I look back into the mouth of the stairway, but it only belches more dust, and my heart crawls into my throat. 
I run to the billowing dust, cupping a hand to my mouth. “Jude! Jude!” 
“Pell, stop! You can’t go back in there.” Irik puts a meaty hand on my shoulder.
I jerk it off as I whirl around, teeth bared. “Don’t tell me what to do. Some friend you are.”
“What, you want to get yourself killed, too?” He throws up his hands.
“We have to try and save him.”
“At least wait until the tremor ends, geez.”
As if on command, the shaking stops. It’s probably lasted all of a few seconds but my heart’s racing full out. I glare at Irik. “Happy, your highness? Now shall we?”
He frowns, but for once doesn’t reply.
I whirl back around, not waiting to see if the idiot follows. I’ll find Jude by myself if I have to.
Dust clouds the stairway, making my light bounce back to little effect, but I can just make out two stairs and head down. 
“Jude!” Only silence greets me.
Counting the steps as I go, I make it to step fifty by the time the dust begins to thin. 
“Jude!” 
Irik’s boots scuffling behind me, along with my own, are the only sounds.
I sneeze and Irik coughs as we make our way down until at last we find the bottom. The limestone debris from Irik’s work earlier remains and I stumble. Only his meaty paws keep me standing.
“Easy there.” 
Amazing, the situation has actually made the idiot a tiny bit helpful. 
“Thank you,” I say, glancing back at him before continuing.
“Jude, where are you?” Irik calls.
Rounding the corner I let out a squeak as my beam finds Jude’s still and bloody arm sticking out from beneath a limestone block that’s crushing his right side.
“Jude!” I pick my way across the rubble field as quickly as I can, then hold my breath as I feel for a pulse along his neck. 
Please be alive, please. Only those steady metallic eyes buoy me.
There! A pulse! I exhale. “He’s alive!”
Irik moves to Jude’s other side, kneels, and reaches for the block.
“No, don’t lift it. If he has internal injuries he can bleed out if you remove the pressure.”
“Jude, Jude.” I run my hand along his jaw. “Wake up. Wake up, Jude.”
 “We need help,” Irik says. “You stay with him, and I’ll rally the guys.”
I can only bob my head as he lumbers back across the limestones and takes off up the stairs.
I pick up Jude’s free hand. “You’re going to be okay. Irik’s gone to get help. They’ll be here soon.” This and more I babble to calm myself. 
The dust clears and I scan the ceiling to find where the block that’s impaling Jude fell from. I suppose I should have checked it out first, but…
I squint and spot two adjoining blocks at the peak shifted out of alignment; they’re lower than their neighbors and leave a dark hole. 
I gasp. Another good shake and they can easily follow.
Come on, Irik, move it.
Jude moans, drawing my attention back in time to see him shift his head. 
“Jude, it’s Pell. You’ve had an accident, but you’re going to be okay.” I squeeze his free hand hoping to emphasize the point.
Pain laces his face as he eases his eyes open and finds me. His voice is strained and soft as he says, “If I’m… going… to be… fine… why… are you… holding… my hand?” He attempts a smile.
I nearly put it down but stop myself. “Because it’s your lucky day. It’s hold your boss’s hand day.”
“You’re… a terrible… liar.”
“So I’ve been told a time or two.”
We exchange smiles, then let silence win for several minutes.
Come on, Irik. Move it, move it, move it.
“Pell…”
“Shhh, Jude, don’t strain yourself.”
He moves his head. “Would you… read me… that… other scroll?”
I inhale sharply, then squeeze his hand. “Oh, come on, Jude, there’ll be time for that later. Now rest.”
My worst nightmare. My boss injured and in questionable condition, and now he wants me to read that damn scroll. First that guy in Egypt munched by the sphinx and now this. Nothing but pain comes from those scrolls. 
He shakes his head, exerting more effort. “No, Pell… now… I… want…”
I put a finger across his lips, but he turns his head aside. 
“Please… I have… to know.”
“You’re going to be fine.” I squeeze his hand again.
Don’t make me do this. Don’t make me read it.
“Pell…” His tone turns pleading.
I look into his eyes and his pained expression nearly kills me. “Okay, Jude, okay.”
He smiles, then closes his eyes. 
No, no, no, no. “Hey Jude, you have to stay awake.”
He opens his eyes again.
“If I’m going to read it, you have to keep your eyes open. Deal?”
“I’ll… try.”
His breathing’s growing more labored. Where the hell is Irik?
“Eyes open,” I remind as I rise.
The stairway is silent as I make my way the twelve steps over to the second scroll and kneel. 
“You still awake, Jude?”
A grunt.
“I’m holding you to your promise.” I try to mix humor with my words, but I doubt I succeed.
Like the other scroll, this one has just three lines. Unlike the other, the title has disintegrated over time. I could mistranslate this one, Jude would never know, but I don’t have the bandwidth to make something up, not with him like this.
“There’s no title on this one, Jude. Jude, you staying awake for me?”
Another grunt. “Good. Okay, here goes. ‘I sought the throne when it was not mine.’ Oh, political intrigue. What do you think, Jude? Jude?”
At least it’s a person, not some wild ass creature.
“Read…” It comes out a wheeze.
Damn it, Irik. You building the hospital?
I clear my throat. “‘A willing actor played a convincing oracle.’ Sounds like a real winner if you ask me. Jude? You still with me?”
He shifts his free hand. 
“‘The people of Phrygia were desperate, and I lent myself as a panacea in their time of need.’ That’s it, Jude. That’s all it says. Jude?”
The fact that I’ve no doubt played necromancer hardly registers because Jude doesn’t move. 
“Jude?” I rise and retrace my steps. “We have a deal.” I hold my breath as I kneel and feel his neck for a pulse.
Please…
There, faint, but there.
I pick up his hand. “Jude, come on. Work with me.” 
I pivot my head as shouts rattle down the stairway.
“Jude, they’re here. Stay with me.” I pat his face and squeeze his limp hand as moisture wells up in my eyes. “Stay with me.”
Irik and Terin, followed by two of my peers plus a dude I don’t recognize in a blue coat with a red cross on his jacket sleeve, appear around the corner.
“Put his gear there,” Terin points. “Give him room.” 
The guys do as commanded, depositing the plethora of equipment beside where Mister Medic lands, beside me, and goes to work, issuing a barrage of orders, among which to ease the stone slab from off Jude’s chest. 
Not surprisingly, the guys notice the open room with loud exclamations not long after.
So much for keeping it secret. 
Irik frowns as he looks my way. “Yes, seems we’ve made the discovery of the century. I’ll tell you about it later.”
My peers keep glancing into the room as the medic works, their curiosities begging to be indulged, but with the seriousness of the situation, they leash further comments.
I end up playing holder for a bag of IV solution at some point. 
“He’s in critical but stable condition,” the medic says as he at last sits back on his haunches. “Much longer and he wouldn’t have made it.” Turning to me he adds, “You did well to keep him awake as long as you did.”   
I can only bob my head as a mix of powerful emotions wells up. Too close. Jude came too close to dying. 
“Okay, let’s get him on that stretcher,” the medic commands.
Irik lingers after the four head back up the stairs with Jude. What he has to say, I’ve no idea. Maybe he’s turned over a new leaf as a result and is about to say something encouraging or reassuring to me for a change.
“Trying to keep this treasure trove a secret, huh?” he accuses, scowling.

Chapter Eighteen





“Are you neurotic?” Disbelief laces my words. “Jude nearly died, and you’re accusing me of hiding these scrolls? You’re a bigger dolt than I gave you credit for.”
Irik clenches his jaw. “When were you going to let us in on your little secret or were you saving the glory all for yourself?”
Okay, the moron has gone too far.
“Oh, that’s rich.” My voice turns snide. “Looks like the pot calling the kettle black. Several scrolls are missing from last night.” I shine my flashlight across the shelves as I stride toward them. “Look at the dust patterns. There’s several missing. Where’d you hide them?”
“What are you talking about?” Irik’s eyes go wide. “This morning was the first time I got a proper look at them.”
Is it really? How can that be? Yet insistence fills his words.
“How’d you even know they were here?”
Irik runs a hand over his face and exhales heavily. “Yesterday after Rasen and I finished checking for damage to grave circle A, I thought I’d see if you needed any help. You know, make sure you hadn’t fallen in a hole or something.”
I roll my eyes. Such chivalry. “That’s very big of you.”
Irik smiles. “I thought so.”
I shake my head and motion him on in telling his tale.
“When I got here, I overheard you talking to someone.”
Crap.
“So I came to investigate. I didn’t recognize the guy’s voice. Who was down here with you?” He raises a brow.
“Doesn’t matter. What were we saying?”
Please tell me he didn’t overhear about the sphinx.
Irik frowns. “You want me to believe you and some stranger chatting ‘doesn’t matter’?”
Don’t answer that, Pell. I fold my arms and shift my weight.
Irik shakes his head. “When I stuck my head around the corner…” He mimes doing so. “Imagine my surprise. It took my breath away.”
“What were we saying?” I persist.
Irik smiles. “The two of you were bickering over who was going to put a scroll away. I wanted to interrupt, but it seemed like your companion had ‘other plans’.” He draws a hand to his chest. “Far be it from me to interrupt a tryst.”
“What?” My voice rises.
He chuckles. 
Pell, let him believe what he wants, it’s easier than explaining.
I close my eyes. “Exactly how long did you listen in?” 
“Long enough to know you weren’t in any danger. Hey, enjoy the dalliance, maybe a little something-something will improve your disposition.” He wags his brows.
My jaw drops. “You’re an arrogant pig!”
He rolls his eyes. “I leave you to your fling, and this is the thanks I get.”
I bite my tongue though I fear I’ll bite the end off at this rate.
A smirk comes over his face. “So, how was it last night?”
My eyes light in outrage. “What? Jealous, you prick?”
“Not at all. Let the gentleman work his magic on you.” He shrugs. 
“I’m not going to even justify that with a comment. Think what you will.”
He chuckles. “Oh, I plan to.” He clears his throat. “What did surprise me though…” His tone turns serious. “… is that when I came back with Jude this morning, the wall was rebuilt, not a stone out of place.”
Oh, boy. 
He turns piercing eyes on me. “How exactly did that happen?”
“What can I say, my friend turned his ‘magic’ on more than me.” I stick up my nose.
He shakes his head. “You’re hiding something, Pell, I know it, and you’re not going to get away with it. How long have you known about this trove? You were rather eager to check it out by yourself when Jude gave out assignments. Who was that guy, some antiquities dealer?” 
“What exactly are you implying?” My voice rises.
“I think it’s pretty clear.” He clenches his jaw.
“You’re delusional.”
“Am I?” He scans the scrolls. I’ve seen him sport some pretty ridiculous expressions—arrogant, egotistical, conceited—the look that falls across his face in this moment is none of those. His eyes glow with what I can only describe as greed.
“It’s clear I’m guilty until proven innocent with you, but the truth is I had no idea about these scrolls until I got here and found the wall had collapsed.”
He shakes his head. “And your friend?”
“What about him?”
“Did you call him and ask him to meet you?” His tone turns taunting.
I grit my teeth. “I told you, I didn’t know anything about the scrolls.”
“Forgive me, but I find that hard to believe.” He exhales heavily. “Women.”
I frown. “What about women?”
“Should never have let you out in the field.”
“What? What is wrong with you?”
“I’ve been trying to get promoted so I can get out of this hellhole and get on with my career, but no, you had to come and make my life hell, Miss Women-Are-As-Good-As-Men. When will you learn your place?”
My mouth drops open. I can’t believe what I’m hearing. He’s shown chauvinistic tendencies, but I had no idea the depth of his depravity.
“Stone Age too hard for you?” I mimic chimp sounds as well as drawing an imaginary club over my shoulder because I left my flashlight in the stairwell and don’t have the prop. “Maybe if you’d apply yourself and stop trying to kiss Jude’s ass, he’d promote you. He’s not stupid. Don’t think he doesn’t hear your BS.”
His eyes light up, and the Neanderthal takes a step toward me, then another, all humor gone.
“I’ve always believed I need to look in the mirror if life isn’t turning out the way I want,” I add.
Why am I still talking to this moron?
He takes another step. I back up. 
It’s probably stupid, but I can’t help myself. “You’re upset because it’s taking longer to get promoted than you want. Get in line. You think I don’t want to advance? I’m not your problem.” 
Another step closer. Another shuffle back.
Shut up, Pell, shut up. 
“You’re your own worst enemy, Irik, and the sooner you”—I take another step back— “realize it, the sooner you’ll stop acting like an ass.” 
His look turns fierce, and I swear he growls. 
I take bigger steps backward, throwing up my hands. 
As if that’ll do anything, Pell. 
That pair of eyes soars to the forefront of my mind, but doesn’t calm me, not with Irik in this crazed state continuing his advance.
“Okay, Irik, that’s enough. You’ve proven your point.” 
“Oh no, you need to learn your place.” It comes out a growl.
My breathing speeds. When will I learn to shut my trap?
I continue my retreat and gasp when I realize he stands between me and the doorway, not that I’d make it up ninety-nine steps before him. He’s already proven he’s faster.
I had the same worries about Harpoc attacking me not more than a day ago. What is it with me and weird men? I doubt it’ll turn out similarly, not with Irik in his current frame of mind.
Panic has my stomach climbing up my throat, making it hard to breathe. 
I scan my surroundings. Only loose limestone chunks litter the floor. Can I throw one hard enough to do damage?
My back hits the wall, and a smile morphs Irik’s feral expression.
“Stop, Irik. Okay, that’s enough.” 
“Don’t like it so well when you learn you place, do you? How’s it feel?” 
“You’re right, Irik. It sucks, okay? Is that what you want me to say?”
“I want you to resign.” He screws up his face in a snarl.
Fear threatens to overwhelm me, but I’ve been the brunt of bullies more than a few times and learned the only thing that shuts them up is standing up to them, no matter their size.
“That’s not going to happen, Irik. I have just as much right to work here as you.” I only barely stop myself from adding, “maybe more, ya big jerk.” 
My brain’s running at full tilt, looking for escape, but there’s none. He’s hemmed me in.
“Resign.” 
I clench my jaw and shake my head, hoping he doesn’t notice my shaking hands, which scrabble the cold, rough wall behind me. 
Defend yourself, Pell! 
My heart races. Why didn’t I take that self-defense class? 



Chapter Nineteen





I propel my foot with as much force as I can muster, at Irik’s balls, and scream as his hands near my neck.
Irik sucks in air, and seconds later, his weight presses against my calves.
My mouth drops open. 
“Nice work,” Harpoc says, his gray duster tail swaying as he strides for me. His shadows swirl with more intensity than I remember, not far away, only begrudgingly dissipating. 
“I heard you could”—my voice trembles—“kill a guy if you hit him too hard… where it counts. Did I…?”
“Your aim was a bit off.” 
“So you…?” 
 “Yes, I felled the brut.” Fury shows on his face, and I swear I hear him growl. 
My stomach flutters. From relief, I insist to myself, nothing more.
“Are you okay? I came as soon as I could.” He extends a hand.
“I… I think so.” 
My legs turn wobbly, and I take Harpoc’s hand as I push Irik’s unmoving form forward, then take a wide step over him. My heart races as I draw a hand to my chest. “Did you kill him?”
A corner of Harpoc’s mouth turns up. “Did you want me to?”
A slow smile mounts my face. “Thank you.” 
He bobs his head, his expression unreadable.
My heart slows as the magnitude of what happened sets in. None of the bullies who’ve tried to intimidate me growing up looked feral, like Irik. 
I’ve never felt comfortable around Irik but never thought him capable of hurting me. I’d no idea he’s the jealous type. And jealous in a brutal kind of way; I’d thought Harpoc’s wild, and he is, but his is a mysterious kind of untamed. Irik is a whole different species, he’s savage.
“He… he nearly…” The bulk of my jacket feels almost like a blanket as I hug myself.
My whole life I’ve had no one to watch my back. I’ve been alone, and I’ve learned how to look out for myself, but this time I’m in way over my head. 
What if Harpoc hadn’t intervened? My limbs start to shake and tears well up.
I swipe at the rogue traitors and realize Harpoc’s still watching me. His metallic eyes, so like the ones that have comforted me for years, radiate concern. 
My lips quiver. 
Breathe, Pell. Get it together. Unlike usual, my inner voice is gentle, seemingly understanding.
Problem is, I can’t get “things” together despite taking several slow breaths. I’ve been shaken at my core.
Harpoc takes one step and draws me into his firm and steady arms. And that’s all it takes to release a floodgate of tears. 
“You saved me,” I blubber over and over, hugging him tight, an anchor in stormy seas.
He doesn’t tell me to shhh or still, he just holds me as all the terror I’ve felt gushes out. 
At length, I push back and wipe my wet face on my sleeve. I haven’t cried in years, and now I’ve shed tears twice in two days. What is it about Harpoc? He must think me a wuss.
Don’t go soft, Pell. You don’t even know him.
That thought brings me up short.
Harpoc drops his arms, and I scrunch my face, realizing I’ve made a wet mess of the fine gray leather vest, inside his duster.
“I’m so sorry.” Before rationale thought can catch me, I go to work. 
I raise my arm and press it against his very hard and very sexy chest, then draw it down. Only as my dirty sleeve reaches the bottom button does horror catch up with me.
Pell, you’re making it worse! 
My face burns as I spot a trail of smudged limestone dust from my jacket, down his front.
His eyes sparkle as he looks down, then grabs my hand, trapping it against his stomach in his firm grip. “Don’t worry, I have plenty more.”
Plenty more? Why does that not surprise me? But he says it as if it’s an unreflected statement of fact, meant to ally my fears, not to brag. 
Being of modest means, I’m not up on the latest fashion trends but even I know Harpoc’s wardrobe reeks of wealth. The leather of his duster still looks amazing even after the beating he’s given it dealing with the sphinx. His finely tailored, leather vest is soft against my cheek. His boots, despite looking well worn, bear no visible scratches. 
He lets go of my hand and looks away as if just now realizing he’s dropped a tasty morsel about himself in my path and I’m still chewing on it. 
“So… ” he says, glancing at Irik’s lumpy, unmoving form, then running a hand through his onyx locks as he steps away. “… you translated two more scrolls.” 
My brain silently adds, “… despite knowing the consequences.”
I sigh as he ambles toward the two scrolls that still lay propped open by their corners, several feet away. “I did, and I’m sorry.”
“Why?” He turns his head and his metallic eyes pierce me as he rests his elbows on his thighs, squatting before them.
I shift, then explain everything that’s happened this morning. 
He rises part way through my telling and stands like a statue keeping his expression neutral. 
What must he think of me? I fiddle with my fingers. 
“It’s no excuse, I know,” I say, finally finishing.
“I’m sorry about your dig master.” Notes of sadness fill his tone. “I know you think highly of him.”
I take a slow breath. “Thank you.” Then glancing through the dim, across the shelves brimming with scrolls, I add, “We may have a bigger problem. I think Irik took several of them. See how there’s no dust on the tops of a few? He denies it, of course.”
Harpoc meets my gaze. “I’m to blame for those.”
“What? How?”
“I sensed someone in the stairway listening in, and I couldn’t risk” —he waves his hands— “this happening. So I moved a few.”
“You heard Irik? Why didn’t you say something?”
“It wouldn’t have changed this outcome.”
I glance about. “Why did you take just a few?”
“Precautions.” 
I wait for him to say more, but he doesn’t, so I ask, “You thought he’d tear the wall down?”
“I didn’t know who it was or what they might do. When it comes to secrets, you don’t take unnecessary risks.”
“How bad could the secrets of more creatures be? Worse than a sphinx… or a harpy?” My voice rises.
“You don’t want to know.” His expression’s serious.
I open and close my mouth like a fish.
Irik’s head shifts. We don’t have much time before he wakes, and I don’t want to be around when he does. Who knows what he’ll try?
Harpoc scans the shelves. “I’ll need to move all of them now that your associates know about them. We can’t let them loose all these beings.”
“Wait, what?” I hold up a hand. “You can’t do that.”
I want to beg, to say that this is the greatest archeological find in a century, that it’s my find. Yet even as the thoughts race through my head, my gut goes hard. 
Nothing in my life has come easy. When I found the scrolls I wondered if karma has at last seen fit to bless me. I have my answer, and it stings. Why are the Fates toying with me?
I gasp as right on top of that realization, another piles on and makes my breathing labor. “Harpoc, if you move them, Irik will claim I’m jealous and stole them out from under him.” 
He draws his lips into a line. 
“Harpoc.” Panic laces my words, and I stride over to him. Looking up into his eyes I continue, “You can’t do this. If… if they think I stole them… Harpoc, they’ll never let me work here again.”
My pulse races, and my words turn pleading as the bigger picture forms in the forefront of my mind. “Harpoc, don’t do this to me. Please. I love archeology. It’s all I’ve ever wanted to do with my life. If you do this… they’ll hunt me down and when they find me…” I draw my hands over my face. 
Harpoc stares daggers at Irik whose head twitches again. “Do you really think you can continue to work here?” Fury laces his words, but I know it isn’t directed at me. 
I’ve had plenty of people get mad at me, never has anyone gotten angry for me. 
“Males like him aren’t to be trusted.” It comes out a growl.
His protectiveness is a balm to my aching heart, but it does little to ease the pain of the situation. What have I gotten myself into? Three days ago, I was happily digging up and decrypting ancient secrets and now, because of a series of unfortunate events…
This can’t be happening.
My inner voice is silent. Big help you are!
“I’ll tell Jude what happened,” I counter, pleading. “He’ll believe me. He’ll fire…” The words are half formed, but even I know I’m grasping at straws.
 Harpoc’s eyes fill with sadness. “Pell, Jude may honestly believe you and want to help, but even he can’t stop what a jealous scoundrel alleges, especially when Jude was out cold. And from what you tell me, he has a long road to his own recovery before he’s ever going to be able to help, no matter how much he respects you.” 
“More injustice, and this at the hands of… of… of a snobbish prig!” I throw up my hands and stomp about.
A minute later I freeze and study my companion. I don’t understand secret magic, at all, but this can’t happen, so I throw out my wish, “Can your secret magic make Irik forget he saw the scrolls, that he heard me interpret them? Make him forget this room, the broken wall, make him forget the whole thing.”
Harpoc looks into my eyes. “That’s not how it works, Pell. Secret magic doesn’t erase memories, it only hides things so a memory is never formed to begin with. With him blabbing all he knows, these scrolls won’t be a secret for long. It’s why I need to move them.”
And irreparably damage my reputation and career. 
This can’t be happening, but what is he, what am I, to do? 


Chapter Twenty





My dreams are turning to dust. Again. And I’m helpless to stop it. I feel like I’m free falling.
“Pell, I'm sorry how this all turned out.”
“Are you really?” He and his damn secrets are the reason I’m about to lose everything, one more time.
That’s BS, Pell, and you know it. Stop blaming him for what that earthquake started.
I fume. Damn inner voice calling out my horse hockey. 
“Of course I’m sorry!” He throws his hands up. “Who do you think I am?”
I give him a long look. I don’t know. I’m mad at myself. At the situation. At feeling helpless.
Harpoc frowns but doesn’t comment.
Irik moans. Time’s running out.
“Not to be insensitive or rush you, but…” Harpoc nods toward my attacker whose eyes flutter.
Time’s up, Pell.
Time to suck it up despite my breaking heart. I sigh, I’m the queen of bad timing. 
It’s tempting to turn cynical, to curse my life. Every damn time things seem to be looking up, it turns out to be a cruel ruse. The three times—yes, count them, three—I was nearly adopted I got my hopes up only to have them dashed for one reason or another. How can I not take repeated rejection personally? What’s wrong with me that nobody wanted me? 
And there’s the time I thought I found my father only to discover the guy was some douche posing as him online. I shake my head. The wounds are still raw. When will I learn not to trust circumstances? 
Pell, stop. This isn’t you, and you know it. Don’t be a bitter quitter.
I sigh. No one’s to blame, not really. It’s hard to stomach. Who’s the Greek god of earthquakes, anyway? Blame him, or her, some spiteful bitch, probably. 
Shake it off, Pell. You’ve done it before.
I staunch a growl. I’ve “recovered” before; I have the emotional scars to prove it. But I want to nurse my hurt. I deserve to. 
Pell… negativity’s  never restored the sun to your outlook. 
I know that. I don’t want to admit it, but I know.
Come on Pell, you won a full-ride scholarship to UT, Austin. Not everything’s been gloom and doom.
I bite my lip. 
That scholarship. It’s what opened up a whole new world to me, a kid no one wanted. I showed them, too. Graduating fourth in the archeology school, whupping the butts of my privileged, mostly male classmates. Ha!
But I’ll never be a world-renowned archeologist. It seems not to be in my cards… 
I take a deep breath and let it out slowly, trying to collect myself, collect my dreams, and bury them somewhere safe. 
I take one last look around. “I’m ready.” It’s a lie, but what else is there to say. I’ll start over one more time. But that’s what life is, for better or worse, a series of new starts. I just need to find my footing.
Harpoc approaches, and I look up into his metallic eyes, remembering the eyes, that presence that has never left me, no matter what’s happened; those eyes have been the only constant in my life. Things will be okay—I make myself believe it because it’s all I can do. 
“No more beings will be brought back. No one else will come to harm,” Harpoc says. 
I bob my head, then put an arm around his waist. 
He draws me close and holds me, longer than either time before until I look up. 
“I’m here for you.”
“Thank you.” It’s a nice sentiment. At least he’s trying, it’s more than most guys even if it can’t be true—he entered my life just the day before, and I don’t know him. Once we deal with… whatever we have to deal with, he’ll be gone, and with him my window for understanding secret magic. I’ll be left alone to figure out how to restart my life again.
I glance at Irik. His gaze locks onto mine, and I suck in a breath.
“Let’s do this.” Harpoc’s baritone voice is flat, monotone as the scrolls disappear from the shelves.
“Hey! Hey!” Irik scrambles up. “Stop, thief!”
Blackness embraces us, disorientation and nausea assaulting me. 
I successfully swallow back the contents of my stomach as my feet find something solid seconds later, thank god. It’s pitch-dark. A musty smell fills my nose and the sound of dripping reaches my ears.
Harpoc ignites a small ball of light in his free hand, and it gives off just enough glow to illuminate the interior of a cave hewn from white stone, probably more limestone. 
“Where’d the scrolls go? Are we still in Greece?” The questions spill from my lips.
“I’d rather not say,” Harpoc says, scanning the space, his arm still around me. 
“To which question?”
He doesn’t answer, just inhales deeply, then shakes his head. “No, definitely not this one.”
I furrow my brow. 
“Let’s try another.” 
I squeal again as discombobulation along with darkness fill my consciousness. 
You’re right, Pell, this guy is crazy, my inner voice wheezes five spaces later. What in the world is he doing? 
We flit between locations so quickly that I don’t have time to ask. Reality has become a continuous blur. 
I pant, and I’m no doubt pale. I certainly feel pale judging by my stomach’s profane rumblings. Harpoc’s arm tightens as I sag against his side wherever we next stop. 
Please have found what you’re searching for. I can’t handle one more tripping-anything. 
I close my eyes still hugging him. 
Breathe in, breathe out, Pell. 
Except for the sound of him beside me, inhaling the stale air, everything’s quiet.
Breathe, calm, Pell.
I open my eyes again despite my stomach being only a little calmer. 
He’s ignited that ball of light in his free palm and is looking about again. Progress. He hasn’t bothered doing so the last two places we stop.
“This could do,” he says at last, and I exhale.
“Where are we?” 
“I shouldn’t say.” He releases me, and I try to steady my wobbling legs.
I roll my eyes. “Afraid I’ll blab your deepest darkest secret?”
“As I’ve said before, the less you know…” He stops himself, looking at me.
I furrow my brow. “What?”
His look lengthens, his expression remaining unreadable. Will he finally speak?
At length, he shakes his head. 
No… of course not. A sarcastic tone fills my inner voice. Surprise, surprise. I’m getting sick of it.
“Here, let me help you sit.” He eases me down to the rough, but dry, stone floor. 
I’m guessing I’m pale because concern mars his face. I’m prone to motion sickness and being stuck in the heart of the earth with no horizon to get my bearings isn’t helping.
Still bending over me, he holds up his pointer finger. “Wait one minute.” He straightens, then disappears in a swirl of shadows. 
I’m alone, but he’s at least left his hovering ball of light.
I lay down in a fetal position, holding my stomach with a hand and using my arm as a pillow. 
Shoot me. I haven’t felt this bad in years. 
I focus on my breathing as I wait.
Several minutes later, he’s smiling when he steps out of his shadows, then walks over and sits down beside my head, holding out a can of ginger ale. “I’m told this will settle even pregnant stomachs.”
My eyes go wide. 
“I mean… not that you’re… you’re not are you?” His baritone voice trembles.
My jaw drops as I push myself up to sitting.
“No, of course not.” He runs a hand through his hair. “Please… drink it. The ginger…”
I snort. My soda joins in, hissing with the escaping carbonation. “Thank you,” I say grinning, then take a sip. “That was very sweet of you.”
Harpoc’s rings glint in the dim light as he draws a hand to his lips, covering a cute smirk. It’s too dark to see if he’s blushing. I certainly would if it was me, but then my cheeks turn red at the drop of a hat, thanks to being a redhead. His olive complexion probably covers a multitude of blunders… assuming he makes blunders. His secrecy probably prevents most. 
Maybe you can take a few cues from him, keeping your thoughts to yourself a time or two, Pell.
I roll my eyes and take another sip. 
“Feeling better?” he asks, as I tip the can up for a final swig.
“Yes, much, thanks to you.”
He rises, then helps me up. “Then it’s time to get the scrolls.” 
I scan the space. “Is that what this is about?”
“Of course, I want to make sure their new accommodations preserve and keep them at their best.”
I look him up and down, drawing another grin from him. I can’t deny, I like that look on him.
“You’re a regular conservationist.” 
“I try.” His chin dips. 
Is he shy? 
A corner of his mouth hitches up. “I want to ensure the accommodations pass the scrutiny of an accomplished archeologist like yourself.”
Despite that moving the scrolls will brand me a swindler and end my career.
He places a hand on my shoulder. “Pell, you’re no con artist. You’re accomplished, don’t let anyone tell you otherwise… even yourself.” He knows me too well. “Not everyone makes it as far as you.” He gives a squeeze.
He’s right. A lot of newbies bail during their first couple years in the field. I’ve done my time as a grunt and progressed to supervisor, and I need to remember that. I also made significant progress, bucking all the prejudices and stereotypes that I have along the way. I’m far from a failure.
I cover his hand and squeeze back. “Thank you.”
Dropping his arm and glancing about he asks, “So do you approve of my selection, senior archeologist?”
I look at the space from a different perspective, a professional one, and stride over to the seven- or eight-foot-high, curved wall, his ball of light floating above my shoulder, and scrutinize it.
I run a hand across the surface, then wipe my now-chalky hands together. Definitely limestone. 
His light follows me as I amble around the entire circumference of the probably fifteen-foot-diameter space noting no tunnels in either the roof or the floor that evidence a path for water as is common with limestone. It’s like a bubble in the middle of rock. “What carved this out?” 
“I don’t know.”
“How’d you know it was here?”
He smiles. 
I roll my eyes. 
“As it happens, I sensed the cavity. I have no idea how it got here.”
“You ‘sensed’ it?”
He dips his head. “I did.”
“Using your powers for good and not for evil, I see.”
What did I expect? At least he answered for once.
“Something like that.” His grin’s back, and I’m quickly falling for it.
Get a grip, Pell. You still don’t know much about him.
“Is it your professional opinion that this place will provide the conditions necessary to store the scrolls?” 
“Yes, I believe so. Bring ’em on, from wherever you put them.”
Harpoc vanishes in a whirl of shadows and is replaced by a wider, darker churn that swirls around nearly the entire space. My mouth drops open, and I shrink back, my jacket brushing the curved walls as the shadows expand to just inches away; thank goodness the ball of light still hovers over my shoulder.
Tingling erupts under my skin as more hovering balls of light appear out of the swirling darkness. The shadows thin, then mist away, illuminating a multitude of scrolls floating in the middle of the space. 
I gasp. It’s like a floating library, each manuscript still rolled up, hovering horizontally, one above the other, floor to ceiling, in several rows.
“There’s so many.” I draw my hands to my mouth.
 I hadn’t realized exactly their number crammed as they were in the dark, on those old, dilapidated shelves, but with them just floating here, filling nearly this entire space, my heart starts to race. Ancient history hovers before my very eyes.
Don’t get all sappy, Pell.
I have no control. Curiosity draws me like a snake to a charmer and, eyes wide, I take a tentative step forward, then another until I can reach out and touch one. I don’t. No way will I get my oils all over it, but I can. 
Lightness fills my limbs, replacing the gloom that took hold of me minutes before and I nearly dance.
Harpoc might have taken this cracked pot out of the dig site, but he hasn’t taken the wonder of the dig site out of this cracked pot; and on top of that, his magic, what he’s done to bring these scrolls here, then make them float, it mesmerizes me, and I can’t tear my gaze away. 
“Like it?” 
I jump as Harpoc speaks from behind me. I didn’t hear him return.
I whirl around to find him, arms crossed, leaning against the curved wall, watching me, a satisfied look on his face. “I took the liberty of organizing them.” He points to the far left. “Least dangerous”—he moves his arm to the right—“to most.”
I take several steps to the left. “Not that I’ll be reading any more of these—” I chuckle. “—but I’ll be sure to stay on this end.”
Harpoc laughs. “Be sure you do.”
“Will they just stay this way? Floating?”
“Of course.”
Silly me, what did I expect, him and his hocus pocus, secret magic. 
“That’s very cool.”
“I try.” He dips his chin. 
He is shy. It looks good on him, and I smile.
“By the way, why didn’t you just add these to the scrolls you moved last night?”
He catches my gaze, and for a second, I think he might explain but, surprise, surprise, he schools his expression and asks, “Ready to tackle Zephyr?”

Chapter Twenty-One





“Tackle, Zephyr?” My eyes go wide. “You can’t be serious? I have to physically tackle her? I didn’t have to with the sphinx.”
Harpoc throws up a hand. “What I mean is, are you ready to deal with the harpy?”
I exhale, but I can’t stop my legs from quivering. 
You brought her back, Pell, you need to own this. 
Damn inner voice.
I hold my breath and bob my head.
“Good.” Harpoc pushes off the wall he’s been leaning against, looking oh so swank. His duster swishes as he closes the gap between us and draws my chin up with a finger. “I’m proud of you, Pell.”
Despite the dire situation, my stomach flutters. 
My inner voice gags. 
“It’s not too far so I thought we’d fly instead of tripskipping.” A corner of his mouth hitches up. “Unless you prefer to, of course.”
I bite my lip. Flying has scared me nearly as much as that damn trip-whatevering—gliding through the air with nothing but our arms keeping me aloft. The fidgeting in my legs intensifies. 
But flying beats feeling like I’m about to ralph and I draw a hand to my stomach.
“Yes, let’s fly.” I force a smile.
“It’s okay to be scared to fly, Pell. Just know that I’ll never let you fall. You can trust me.”
“Do I have a choice?” 
His metallic eyes dance. “You can swim.” 
Some choice. I can’t help but frown. 
I take a final look at the hovering scrolls, still awed by the multitude of the ancient manuscripts as well as Harpoc’s magic that I wish I understood better. 
You’re doing the right thing getting that harpy, Pell.
It might be the “‘right” thing, but it still scares me shitless.
Harpoc buttons his duster, and I zip my jacket, then step beside him, our coats brushing. His citrusy clove scent fills my nose, and I close my eyes.
He inhales deeply in response, as if savoring whatever scent I emit. 
The two of you deserve each other. Snark fills my inner voice.
“No other beings will be brought back. No one else will come to harm.” It’s the second time he says it, but still I can only nod.
I wrap my arms around his waist. He draws me closer and gives me a squeeze, as if echoing his encouragement.
“A quick tripskip to get us out of here, and then we’ll be soaring. Ready?”
I bite my lip.
Disorientation has its way with me in an instant, although I manage not to scream. I count it as progress.
I squint in the blinding light of the sun. 
My eyes adjusted to the dim of that hole in the earth, wherever it is, and I struggle to adapt. 
Frigid air rushes by, and I wish I’d zipped my jacket all the way up. My hair whips about, everywhere, out of control. Between that and the noise, it’s overwhelming, and breathing becomes difficult.
We bob as Harpoc beats his wings that have again appeared. I squeeze him tighter, praying gravity doesn’t rip me away. Will he think badly of me if I go full koala on him? 
Pell… you’re not having sex with the guy…
I swear my cheeks warm despite it being my inner monologue.
A second later, my hair goes limp and silence blankets the air that’s no longer biting my cheeks. We still bob with each downbeat of his wings, but things have gotten decidedly quieter.
I long to brush hair out of my face as I steal a look up at his scruffy chin. My cheek’s still firmly pressed to his side. 
“What’d you do?” I move my head this way and that, but my hair refuses to cooperate.
“It’s beautiful, look.” Harpoc’s baritone voice is clear, unmuted by the wind.
I chance a peek down. We’re flying over mountainous terrain, some parts forested, others not. 
“No, look ahead. The sea.” Harpoc raises the arm not holding me and points, making me shift. 
I shriek, clutching him yet more tightly. I’ll leave a bruise. I don’t care.
“Pell, I promised I won’t let you fall. Will you trust me?” 
My heart races. Why did I let him talk me into this? I’m Big Bird when it comes to flying, not some condor.
Gold eye, silver eye. Gold eye, silver eye. The image forms in my mind but does little to soothe.
I don’t let go of my hold on him.
“I’ve got you.” It comes out insistent, like he’s getting pissed at my questioning.
Tough. 
I hadn’t pegged him as overbearing. Am I wrong? I glance up to see his jaw tense.
“Have you ever trusted anyone but yourself, Pell?”
“What, are you some shrink?”
He snorts.
“You’re one to talk, Mr. Secretive Swirly Shadows himself. Like a politician calling a lawyer dishonest.” It might be too harsh but give me a break.
A frown bends his mouth. 
Good. 
My arms start trembling from my death hold as the clear blue of the gulf streams by below us. Land frames us on the left and right as we head south toward the open Aegean. Ugh, my hair’s driving me crazy but no way will I let go to brush it back.
I bite my tongue, refusing to ask, ‘are we there yet?’ 
“Where are we going anyway?” Aka how long will my arms need last?
“Psychro, Crete—”
“Psycho? We’re going psycho?” My voice rises. “We’re already there!”
Harpoc laughs. “No, Psych-ro, to Diktaean Cave also known as Zeus’s Cave. It’s a little over an hour from here.”
Oi. My arms already ache. 
Don’t be a hero, just tell him.
Oh no you don’t, Pell. 
I own the title “one tough bitch.” I’ve been called it on multiple occasions, and truth be told, I like it. I’m tough, I’ve had to be. No way will I just give in to my wimpy arms. Show no mercy. They need to get with the program. I try to distract myself. 
“Wait, I thought harpies call the Strophades Islands home. They’re to the west of Mycenae. I remember, Jason and the Argonauts met Phineas and the harpies, which kept stealing his food, at the Strophades Islands when they sought a way to get around a pair of islands that clashed together crushing any vessel that tried to get through.”
 “You have a good memory.” Laughter fills Harpoc’s voice. “Do you remember the rest of that story?”
“Yeah, Calais and Zetes, sons of the north wind, also Argonauts, whupped their tail feathers when they tried stealing more food from Phineas.”
He chuckles. “True enough, but Iris, the sunshine and rainbows messenger of the gods herself, fearing the wrath of Zeus if the punishment he gave Phineas was annulled because of it, saved the winged menaces and helped them escape to a cave in Minoan Crete. In exchange, the exiled Phineas told Jason a safe course through those islands.”
“Hence we’re headed there, makes sense.” My arms are turning to spaghetti. How long can I hold on? I grit my teeth.
You’ve nothing to prove to him, Pell.
Whose side are you on? I ask myself.
Without warning, Harpoc dips and swings me away from his side, and I screech as my noodley arms give way. I panic and scrabble for him, for anything, to hold onto.
“Pell, I’ve got you.” A second later, I thrash, cradled in his rock-hard arms without so much as a smidge of grace. I don’t care, I go full koala, clutching his neck, my heart in my throat. 
“I’ve never trusted anyone but myself,” I bite out, barely controlling my fury.
“You might try it sometime. I believe you’ll find there’s great freedom in it, Pell.” Humor plays in his voice. 
I’m ready to kill him. “Warn a girl before you do something like that again.”
One of his hands starts running circles against my back, and despite the thickness of my jacket, I feel every bit of the movement. At first I arch away, but as he continues, I relax and actually lean into it, my anger abating. 
I bury my forehead in his neck—he could have been a not half-bad masseuse. 
At some point, I feel his nose on my head. Is he nuzzling me?
I can’t tell for sure. I don’t actually mind, but it’s a while before my heart slows. I’m still clinging to his neck, and my arms feel like lead weights with them above my head, but no way am I letting go.
Still we fly on, water below us, as far as I can see when I peek. 
I bring my head up suddenly, curious to watch his wings at work. It startles him and from his sheepish look, I know he’s been nuzzling me, and butterflies start tap dancing in my stomach.
Does it mean what I think it means?
Just whoa up there, Pell. You still don’t know the man.
I might not know him… yet, but…
My inner voice groans.
What?
His wings span at least fifteen feet each and are covered in millions of onyx feathers that match the color of his hair. He brings them down in the next beat, and we lurch upward, then glide, floating on some invisible current. They’re magnificent to behold, and so close.
Held securely in his arms as I am, some of my fear ebbs, and I shift my hold of his neck to my left arm, freeing up my right.
He narrows his eyes, clearly wondering what I’m up to.
I smile as I brush hair out of my face, then reach up and run a hand along the top of a wing. Like the rest of him, it’s firm, but the feathers are so soft.
He shivers. 
I grin, then run my hand across it again, to the same result. What’ll happen if I play with his hair? 
“Do you mean to torment me?” He tugs me down, smiling. 
I wag my brows. “Is that what I did?”
He snorts. “You know it is. Seems I need to give you something to occupy that devious mind of yours.”
I draw a hand to my chest in mock offense.
“You haven’t asked me whose secret you deciphered on the second scroll.”

Chapter Twenty-Two





Crapshit. So much for distracting myself from reality with a certain sexy so-and-so.  
My mouth goes dry in an instant, and I sit back in his arms, choosing to drop mine from around his neck. 
He smiles at that. Yes, I’m starting to trust him. 
Watch yourself, Pell.
I gather the bulk of my long hair in both hands and draw it behind my back, stalling, not that it’ll do any good. 
“I’m afraid to ask. What other creature did I release?” I scrunch up my face as if that’ll make whatever he specifies any less likely to kill my ass.
“As it happens, you brought King Midas back.” 
“Wait, THE King Midas? The guy whose touch turns everything to gold, King Midas?”
“The very one.”
“These secrets aren’t just those of hairy, scary beasts?” I have to be sure. It sounds too good to be true.
 “’Fraid not.”
“That’s good. That’s great actually.” Lightness fills my chest.
The words I read to Jude spring back to mind. “I sought the throne when it was not mine. A willing actor played a convincing oracle. The people of Phrygia were desperate, and I lent myself as a panacea in their time of need.”
Duh, Pell, could some scary huckleberry usurp a throne?
Scary huckleberry? I roll my eyes, then refocus. “A power-hungry bastard then, I take it?”
Harpoc smiles but continues looking ahead.
All land has disappeared, and the smell of salt fills the air as Harpoc continues starring ahead not saying a word. 
He’s a captive audience. Time to get back to my questions. “Was it secret magic that enabled you to speak to the sphinx in… what language was it anyway?”
A corner of his mouth hitches up, but he doesn’t reply.
“It’d be cool to have a whole host of languages at your disposal, for whatever the situation. I can see it now, you walk into a new place not knowing the language, and…” Dir di de dur. “…secret magic sniffs it out, and you rattle off a string of words.” I chuckle at my own imaginings.
A smile breaks out across his face. “That would be handy.”
But he doesn’t commit to whether secret magic does or doesn’t do that, so I press on.
“If it’s like the sphinx, you can probably recite Zephyr’s and Midas’s secrets, can’t you? How do you know them? And do you know all the secrets on all of those scrolls?” My gut says “yes,” but I’ve no idea how. They’re ancient and haven’t been touched in forever. In addition to language, does secret magic somehow allow him to perceive things, kind of like Superman can see through stuff?
Harpoc clams up again, scanning the horizon.
I huff. I will get answers, but I have so many other questions, so I move on.
“So you’re some kind of mysterious genie-like guy, swirling into existence and trip… trip-whatevering. What else can you do?”
“Tripskipping.” He laughs. 
“Yeah, that.”
“You fancy me a genie like Aladdin had, do you?”
“While you’re not blue, your ears aren’t pointy, and you could stand to work on your wisecracking, you’re definitely larger than life.” 
He snickers. “Does that make you Princess Jasmine?”
I grin. “It all depends on what you tell Aladdin to whisper in my ear.” 
My cheeks heat. Did I really just say that?
My inner voice is quiet, I’m guessing she’s unable to spit out words. 
Harpoc barks a laugh.
Only now do I realize he didn’t answer my question, but I’m not retracing my steps on that one.
Once we both recover, I clear my throat, loudly, changing the subject. “So King Midas… the dude was corrupt, but his secret was sealed so no one ever found out?” 
Boy, how familiar?
“Until today, that is the way of secret magic.”
“That hardly seems fair.” My inner sense of outrage at the injustice amps up in an instant. “Who would protect a secret like that? The guy was a con. It’s not right.”
Harpoc raises an eyebrow. “You would know his situation enough to judge?”
“A con is a con is a con, no matter how he tries to justify it.” How can Harpoc defend the guy?
This conversation has taken a dangerous turn. It’s doing nothing but riling me up, and it seems Harpoc doesn’t agree, not surprising based on our conversation at the café.
I barely resist shaking my head. What is the deal with this secret magic? I need to understand more.
This line of questioning is also bearing no fruit, so I return my attention to Zephyr, and my breathing labors. 
“Can’t we address Midas before Zephyr?” I ask.
“You think we should let a harpy roam free longer than a batty old geezer?” 
“Batty old geezer?” His words come out soft. “If I didn’t know better, I’d think you know the guy.” 
I swear he purposely dips us more dramatically the next downbeat, and I grab the collar of his duster. Is he still a primary schooler?
“I was starting to trust you, don’t make me regret it.”
He chuckles.
What’s going on with him? First he defends Midas, now he deflects, or at least tries to. Fine. I’ll deal with it later, like so many other things. He’s shown me persistence pays off; I’ll just keep on him. Like snot on a doorknob, I will stick to him until he answers my questions. 
“So batty old Zephyr is up next?” Joking fills my voice.
His brows shoot up, nearly to his hairline. “Zephyr may be old but she’s a harpy. Do you honestly believe any harpy might be batty?”
“You referred to Midas as old and batty, why not Zephyr?”
“Oh no, never underestimate a harpy’s cunning and ferocity.”  
I swallow. Damn, stories I’ve heard may indeed accurately depict her. If so, we’re screwed.
“What can you tell me about her? Her secret was disobeying Zeus. Pretty gutsy, if you ask me, but I can respect that.”
Harpoc gives me a long look. “Disobeyed Zeus a time or two, have you?”
I laugh. “It’s something about her having to drag an abomination that stunk to high heaven, to Hades, and she can’t stomach it.”
“It is.” He sighs. 
I furrow my brow. Why’s he sad? It’s not like he knew her.
“You mean to tell me Zeus wanted to punish her for refusing to do something that’d make her sick?”
He gives me a long look. 
“What? It’s a simple question.”
The long silence tells me everything. He was the god of gods; he could do anything he damn well pleased.
It’s all my mind needs to start imagining worst case scenarios with a harpy being punished by her boss. And if that’s her treatment, ain’t no way is she going to be happy with me when she figures out I’m the one who spilled the beans. Hounds of Zeus indeed. 
My breathing labors.
I need to distract myself or I’ll be a basket case by the time we get there. Ordinarily, I’d pull out my phone, but it’d be just my luck I’d drop the thing, so I take to playing with the button on the hip pocket of my cargo pants as the blue water passes by. 
Harpoc breaks the silence not long after. “Why do you suppose the Sphinx, Zephyr, and Midas divulged their secrets and allowed them to be recorded?” 
I furrow my brow; it’s an excellent question. 
“I don’t know. Why did they divulge their secrets? Enlighten me.”
“To unburden themselves.” His voice is filled with gravity and certainty.
“You would know, how?” I interject. 
He ignores. “They decided to trust another with their deepest secrets so they didn’t have to bear the burden of worry that they might be found out, anymore. As I said before, there’s great freedom in trusting another, Pell.”
“Who do you suppose it was that they revealed their secrets to anyway? Who played scribe? They had to trust him or her completely.”
I groan a minute later when he still hasn’t answered me. Surprise, surprise. 
“Harpoc, this avoidance is getting really old. When are you going to start ‘unburdening’ yourself and finding freedom with me?”
He grins. “When you start asking the right questions.”
Does that mean he wants to? Is it an opening?
Pell, get a grip. 
“What kind of questions are the ‘right’ kind?” I ask.
Mischief dances in his beautiful eyes.
I hold up a hand. “I know, I have to figure that one out for myself, too.” What else is new?
My brain ruminates on what the right questions might be as we fly on until Harpoc takes an abrupt right turn, and I grab his collar.
“Shhh,” he whispers in my ear, sending a chill down my back as I open my mouth to complain. He nods to the left.
 The sound of honking that had been nothing but background noise until now, reaches me and I survey the area he indicates. A whole flock of geese from the looks of things, fly not far from us. Mottled, barred gray-and-white plumage with orange beaks and pink legs, these birds are good size.
“Greylag, they’re one of the most aggressive types of geese.”
“A regular ornithologist are you? And you would know about their dispositions, how?” I ask, not letting go of his collar.
“I’ve heard. I don’t have to experience something to know to avoid it.”
I bob my head. 
Maybe you could learn a thing or two, Pell.
I harrumph. 
Their honking fades as he gives them a wide berth. 
Concern about what I’ll face with Zephyr bites me as the endless blue sea stretches on and on below us; there isn’t an island, birds, or anything of interest for miles to distract me. 
Time to create my own distraction. I reach over and run a finger along the leather strap of one of the buckles on his duster. Mister Sexy Guy. My heart picks up pace. 
What will he do if I undo it? 
Whoa, Pell. 
My brain doesn’t stop undressing him, and I stifle a snicker. Bad brain. Bad brain. As if I’ll ever get up that much nerve.
I glance up. His attention is focused ahead.
Don’t do it, Pell.
Will he notice?
Pell… the tone rises.
I abandon caution to the wind. I have a harpy to deal with, and I need distraction. This is certainly it. 
Pell, no.
My heart races full out as I ease the end of the leather strap back toward its metal buckle, getting it to rise a little. I bite my lip and look up. He still studies the horizon ahead.
Abort, Pell, abort.
A little more… The leather arches inside the rectangular buckle.
I sneak another look up. He’s still occupied.
Pell, stop, listen to yourself.
I slowly and carefully pull on the arch of the bunched strap, guiding it free, then grin as I exhale quietly.
Pell, work with me.
This next part will be the hardest, pulling the end free and him not feeling it as I clear the buckle’s prong.
My inner voice growls in frustration.
I draw my other hand over to assist and have braced it against his chest when… he laughs.
I jerk my head up. Busted.
He meets my eyes. “Undressing me with more than your eyes? You don’t mess around.” 
My face burns in an instant. 
Don’t say I didn’t warn you, Pell.
Shut up, I growl at myself, then cover, “Um… I was just, uh… keeping myself distracted.”
A small, sly, oh my, seductive smile rises on his lips, and my lady bits respond. 
Whoo, is it suddenly hot?
“We’ll pick this up later…” It isn’t a question, and I inhale sharply. “… because we’re here.”
A stretch of land’s not far off. I’ve done such a good job distracting myself I haven’t noticed. 
Zephyr. 
We’re here.
The thought stops my hormones in their tracks. 

Chapter Twenty-Three





Harpoc glides over the mountainous topography way too fast for my liking, and I clutch my coat. Too soon, we’ll be face-to-face with the bird woman, and I doubt I’ll ever be ready. 
He sets down before a towering, gaping-mawed cave, then stands me up and his wings vanish in a swirl of shadows. 
I hate his secrecy, but I can’t deny those shadows add a bit of intrigue to his mystery. I’ve skirted a few rules in my time, but I’ve never gotten up the nerve to be a “bad girl.” I have to be honest; I find his badass-ness seductive.
My attention returns as all the leather straps down the front of Harpoc’s duster undo themselves, and he winks.
I’d have blushed fiercely as I unzip mine, but I’m distracted by the abundant “Do Not Cross” yellow tape suspended from waist-high orange rubber posts blocking the paved walkway before us. 
“Good to see they closed it to tourists,” Harpoc says.
Tourists. Shit. I haven’t given one thought to the fact they’d be here; this is a major attraction. I hold my breath as I glance about praying I spot none. I don’t.
A scream for help ricochets from within the depths of the darkness, and my legs nearly buckle as my heart crawls into my throat. 
“You don’t suppose someone crossed the line?” My voice quivers. I fear to even think what a harpy might do to a tourist.
“That’s not someone calling for help, that’s Zephyr. Looks like we found her. That screech is as damn awful as a peacock’s if you ask me.”
How would he know what she sounds like? I open my mouth to question, but “Zephyr” if that is indeed who it is, lets go of another screech, and my inquiry evaporates as my limbs start to shake. I have to deal with that thing.
Harpoc stares into the dark entrance, whether he’s summoning his courage like me, I can’t tell.
“You’d never dealt with an angry sphinx. Any chance you have hellion harpy experience?” A girl can hope.
He shakes his head. “No, and I’ve no doubt Zephyr will be… unhappy.”
I give the “king of understatement” a long look. 
“So what will we do?” I draw a hand to my chest and fist my jacket.
Another scream ricochets from within the depths of the darkness and inches my fraying nerves to the edge of some mental abyss.
“It’s not going to get any easier,” Harpoc says, extending an open palm toward that dark maw. “Let’s see what we’ve got on our hands before we decide anything.”
My legs freeze. 
Harpoc catches the fear in my eyes when I still haven’t moved a minute later. “Do you trust me?”
I can only bob my head. He dealt with the sphinx. Had it not been for idiot archeologists, no one would have gotten hurt. 
“Give me your hand. We’ll get through this… together.”
My arm trembles as I reached out and he takes it and gives it a squeeze. 
“Ready?”
No. “Yes.”
Mrs. O’Grady dragging my nine-year-old ass to the dentist when I had an abscessed tooth, bolts to mind as we skirt the makeshift barricade. I still can’t stand the sound of the drill, tool of the devil, that’s what it is.
Zephyr’s next screech is no better. The hard rock amplifies it all the more as we navigate the illuminated concrete stairs that descend into the bowels of the earthen cavity. 
I clutch the metal handrail with my left hand. 
You can do it, Pell. You’re being responsible.
Getting myself killed more like.
Harpoc keeps squeezing my right hand as we make our way past a wall of stalactites and stalagmites that’s lit up with green and yellow lights, or perhaps that’s the natural color of the rocks, I can’t tell. I would stop and marvel at their beauty if I didn’t have a pressing prior engagement.
The concrete stairs get slick as we continue. It’s apparently the perfect invitation for my alter ego, Grace, to make another appearance because I feel the stair slip out from under me, and despite Harpoc’s reactions, my arms pinwheel, but I can’t stop my hip from meeting the edge of the stair. 
I yip, grasping for the railing. 
Of course I land just below where my coat stops—it can’t be higher. Nope. Just like mine, Grace’s mantra is “go big or go home,” and like always, she never fails.
My side starts throbbing. I’ll have a colorful bruise, maybe as colorful as the walls, one to match my other side where I crashed and burned playing mountain goat for the scrolls, but what else is new.
Harpoc leans over and extends a hand. “Are you okay?”
“Does it look like I’m okay?” I frown.
“Little Miss Graceful, I see.” He barely staunches a smirk now that he knows I’ll live. “I have to say, I’ve never seen anyone fall with quite that much flair.”
“Ha ha, glad I can be your comedic relief, now help me up.” 
Another heart-rending screech echoes as I rise. No avoiding Zephyr any longer because with her shrill cry I also hear the sound of wings brushing rock, and it’s getting closer. 
That sinking feeling of plunging over the first rise of that rollercoaster, again, overwhelms me as a shadow swoops across the wall from around the bend ahead. 
I grab the lower rail of the handrail, crouching despite my hip smarting. Harpoc stands as still as a soldier beside me.
This is it, don’t chicken out now, Pell. 
Gold eye, silver eye. Gold eye, silver eye.
Zephyr isn’t completely avian, I note in an instant as the lights illuminate her as she rounds the corner in the distance and screeches again. 
I’m frozen from fright and can’t cover my ears as I squint through the rails. Her head and torso are that of a naked woman, with breasts that rise and fall with each flap of her enormous black, feathered wings; they may look like Harpoc’s wings, but I have zero desire to touch them.
As for her bosom, whew, her knockers are huge. They’d give me a backache for sure. 
Long white hair flows behind her, and her shins are covered in what look like green scales at this distance. She turns sharp talons on us and flexes them as she soars closer, adding another ear-piercing screech as her gaze locks on us. Her breasts undulate wildly as she banks in the large cavity we stand at the edge of.
I feel my bowels loosen and squeeze my butt muscles. 
She’s who I brought back? She fears Zeus? My whole body starts to shake. 
She’s a wind spirit, a hound of Zeus, and she leaves no question as to why she and her kind have earned that reputation.
I clutch the rail, knuckles turning white, forgetting about my smarting leg. Harpoc hasn’t so much as flinched. He raises a hand, then bellows, “Zephyr, stop.” His words bounce around the hard walls.
I hold my breath as Zephyr keeps coming.
We don’t stand a chance. We’re Frick and Frack—I’ve seen the old reruns. 
“You have a choice, Zephyr,” Harpoc booms in Greek, ignoring her squawks. “Go to Atrop on Sonmel Island and guard the gates to the Underworld with your sisters, or I’ll be forced to employ other measures to stop you.”
The thunder of his voice rams the fear of god into me, packs it down hard, and keeps filling me, to overflowing.
It takes a second for his words to register, but when they do my hands turned clammy. “Your sisters,” it’s what he says. There are more of these things in the world? She isn’t the only one? Wherever Sonmel Island is, it’s way too close. 
I gulp down breaths to stay quiet.
Get up, Pell, face her, it’s the only way. He says so.
Are you crazy?  
I chance a look at Harpoc beside me. 
Shit! 
His flaring nostrils, bared teeth, and cold, flinty eyes make him look like a completely different person, a brutal cutthroat. I’ve guessed he’s dangerous, but this… it’s a glimpse of who he really is, and he scares me shitless. If he said that to me, I’d be on my knees, grabbing the hem of his duster, begging for leniency.
But not Zephyr. She’s neared to within maybe twenty yards and shows no signs of slowing.
Pell, get up. Get up. People can die.
I can die!
Zephyr shrieks again, and from the wild look in her eyes, she has no intention of stopping.
Pell! Now! Are you “one tough bitch” or not?
Since when does my inner voice use my favorite title against me?
I bite my lip. Arguing with myself is pointless. If what Harpoc says is true—and I’ve no reason to doubt, not anymore—I need to be the one to stop her, not Harpoc, his crazy secret magic demands it.
Do it, Pell. Do it! Like ripping off a Band-Aid.
I grip the rail and bolt up, my heart accelerating. “It was me! I brought you back! It was an accident.”
“You!” Zephyr locks her steely gaze on me, just ten yards away.
“Pell,” Harpoc whispers out the side of his mouth. “I’ve got this.”
“Doesn’t look like it to me,” I say, before returning my focus to the bare breasted, avian woman.
“Yes, me! Like I said, it was an accident. It’s not his fault. Please don’t hurt him.” My heart’s sprinting full out.
Am I really risking my life to protect him? 
“Pell!” Harpoc bellows, as Zephyr closes to within five yards. Her enormous wingspan and those bobbing boobs make me feel like a fish before a hungry hydra. She’s got no sense of personal space. 
“Pell, duck!”
Zephyr extends her claws fully and reaches for me. 

Chapter Twenty-Four





I scream, sounding nothing like the winged hussy.
Harpoc fists my coat by the shoulder, and everything goes dark. Weightlessness and disorientation gobble me down until daylight appears again a second later and I stumble, trying to get my feet under me.
Grace wins again and my knees meet the paved path. Damn it! At least I haven’t ripped my pants.
“Zephyr! Out here!” Harpoc yells, hands cupped around his mouth.
I make like a meerkat and sit up. 
Outside. We’re outside the mouth of that cave. I’m sprawled beside the “Do Not Cross” tape. Zephyr hasn’t eaten me. We aren’t dead. 
I brush my smarting knees off and scramble up as another of Zephyr’s nerve jarring shrieks boom from the darkness. It sounds like she’s headed this way.
“Come and get us, Zephyr!” Harpoc taunts. “Hang on, Pell,” he adds, turning to me. 
I’ve no time to reply because the harpy shoots from the cave’s mouth and darkness and disorientation again consume me.
I pant, feeling my stomach lurch, and wobble to standing on a dirt and gravel patch a few seconds later. We land just before a gentle slope with a wooded copse ahead. Harpoc’s attention remains trained behind us.
“What are you doing? Where are you taking us?” My voice is a mix of panic and pissy at the rough treatment.
“Knossos.” He keeps his gaze behind us.
“What’s in Knossos?”
“There she is,” he says, then cups his hands to his mouth again. “Zephyr!”
Her awful screech tells me she spots us.
“What’s in Knossos?” I repeat, insistent as I turn and watch her approach.
Zephyr’s boobs bob as she swoops down, claws extended, nearly above us in no time. She’s fast! 
I haven’t peed my pants yet, but…
“Give me your hand, Pell.” 
I close the one step between us, and my stomach reels once more as darkness devours us.
“What are you doing?” I demand, the next time my feet find solid ground. 
“Ever heard of playing cat and mouse?” Harpoc asks, eyes scanning the skies behind.
“We’re the bait?” My voice rises. 
“Got a better idea?” 
“Better idea? You’re gonna get us killed.”
“Hand.” He motions, post haste.
I extend my arm as Zephyr’s wings block the sun that’s still high in the sky. She shrieks, her tone increasing a decibel the instant she spots us, and we tripskip. Again.
“What’s in Knossos?” I bite out on our next landing. He still hasn’t said. 
I hold my gut. My stomach has nearly lost it. I can’t be held responsible for what it does if we skip again. 
“You know of the minotaur?” 
Another screech from the “cat” nearly upon us, has us navigating blackness once more.
I fall to my knees and retch as soon as we land, almost wishing I puked on his boots. It’d serve him right.
“We’re heading to the labyrinth,” Harpoc says, as I spit out foul-tasting bile.
“The one Daedalus architected for King Minos?” I pant.
“The very one.” 
“You do realize it’s been destroyed.” I run a sleeve across my mouth. I’m already a mess, why not stink like puke, too? See how well Harpoc enjoys that scent. I snicker.
I have to give it to Zephyr, she’s as persistent as I. Her screech reaches us not a minute later.
“Hand.”
I roll my eyes but stagger up, and we skip again.
I retch at the next four stops and start to wonder if a lung will come up next because there can’t be anything left in my gut. How I hate tripping.
I gulp in air, on hands and knees, after dry heaving again at our next destination. 
How many? How many more times will we skip? 
Harpoc lands us in a grove of conifers this time, so at least there’s a bit of cover.
He sends me a worried look but says nothing before turning his attention south rather than east as he has at every other stop. Lost in my stomach’s turmoil, I don’t care. It’s a free country, he can look anywhere he damn well pleases.
I ease back against the trunk of a tree, holding my stomach, and close my eyes. Zephyr will be here soon. I almost don’t care. I can’t handle much more.
A tremor interrupts my moaning not more than seconds later, and I spring up. “Harpoc!” I sway with the ground’s shaking, then bound for the nearest trunk and hold on. 
He stands, feet braced, not ten feet away at the edge of the wood, staring at… what? What’s he staring at? At… ruins. I inhale sharply. I’ve been so sick I haven’t noticed. 
Pell, get it together.
Sorry. Geez. Just puking up a lung.
The shaking continues, intensifying, but Harpoc doesn’t so much as twitch. 
I lunge for the next tree trunk, then the next, until I clutch one nearest him and follow his gaze across a field of white foundations to four partially reconstructed buildings. Only two or three partial walls remain of each. Several red columns grace their entrances, and while I’ve never studied King Minos in depth, I recognize the place as belonging to his former palace. The fabled labyrinth, if it ever existed, lays below.
Tourists! They scream and dart here and there seeking safety from the quake. 
My chest tightens. Surely Harpoc’s seen them.
The ground gives another good shake clearing any remaining visitors, then stops. Just like that.
I glance about, not sure what to make of the sudden end to the rumbling, not that I’m complaining.
Zephyr screeches and her shadow glides over us. She lands in the empty courtyard and peers about with squinted eyes. 
I pray the tourists stay put. We don’t need a repeat of Hal and that sphinx.
“Pell,” Harpoc whispers. He motions me over. “We’re going to lure her into the labyrinth, right to the center, then tripskip out.”
My mouth drops open. I whisper back, “Harpoc, there’s no labyrinth.”
Zephyr struts about the open plaza, she’ll spot us any second.
“Did you happen to notice that earthquake?” He grins.
I furrow my brow. He can’t be serious. No, he couldn’t have. Could he? I give him a long look. 
Why doubt now, Pell? Why not go all the way? You know you want to.
Who says I want to? I stop myself. There’s no time for this. 
Okay, fine, maybe he did just rebuild the ancient maze. I shake my head. This is crazy. “You realize only Daedalus and King Minos knew the way to the middle?”
A corner of Harpoc’s mouth hitches up. “And me.” 
I just laugh. Right, sure, of course he does. Courtesy of his secret magic, he and his wings swirl into and out of existence. He probably knows gobs of languages and can perceive the contents of those scrolls, why the hell would he not know this, too? 
Harpoc turns his palm up, asking for my hand. His grin hasn’t died when I place it in his.
Suck it up, Pell, here we go again. 
I swallow hard when the surroundings again take shape. We’ve tripskipped the few yards to a doorway leading into one of those partially reconstructed buildings. Five cranberry-colored pillars stand to the right, darkness straight ahead.
He can’t be serious! 
Cat and mouse, my eye. My pulse races.
You’re… up. The voice in my head sounds nearly like Johnny Carson, extending that first word.
“Oh, Zephyr,” Harpoc calls in a saccharine voice.
The harpy squawks, eyes trained on us, then flaps her massive wings in a single downbeat, rising. She’s after us in a second.
“Follow me.” Harpoc reaches for my hand and pivots, dragging me with him at a sprint through the doorway, then down a long flight of surprisingly solid wooden stairs. That little ball of light he somehow created in the scroll room appears out of nowhere, brighter this time, thank god. Good thing, too, because it’s pitch-dark down here.
Screeches echo off the stone walls.
“She can’t navigate as quickly in these tight quarters,” Harpoc says, as he turns right at the third hallway that branches off.
“I hope you’re right.” My voice quivers. This maze held the minotaur. Somehow. Surely it’ll hold Zephyr.
Another squawk. This one closer, at least it sounds closer, but then I’m the last in line. What’s that saying, you don’t have to be faster than a bear, just faster than your friend? There’s no way I’ll outrun Harpoc.
My feet fly with Harpoc’s death grip on my hand. I just try to keep them under me. It beats being left behind.
A left, another right, then a left and another left. 
Zephyr’s talons scrabble on the hard rock, between ear splitting cries, sending chills up my back. She’s definitely gaining on us.
“Why not tripskip to the middle?” My breathing labors as I try my best to keep up with Harpoc’s longer strides.
“What and lose her?” He isn’t even breathing hard. Showoff.
Another right, then a left, left, and left. I’ve no idea where we are anymore.
“How much farther?” I pant.
A short right, another right, then left, left, left.
I scream when Zephyr screeches, right behind me. Good thing she can’t impale me with her talons while running.
“Almost there!” Harpoc yells over a shoulder.
Better be!
He grabs the next doorframe and drags me into a square room. No more hallway, no more doorways. This is the end of the line. 
Zephyr ducks her head under the lintel, then barrels in after us, shrieking. No doubt she thinks she’s finally cornered us.
Darkness swallows me in an instant. I’m never so glad.
Harpoc lands us back in that grove of conifers, and I collapse, chest heaving.
It takes a couple minutes to catch my breath, but once I do I ask, “I didn’t have a chance to talk to her like I did the sphinx, did I need to, to satisfy your secret magic?”
“Do you want to talk to Zephyr?” Harpoc laughs, leaning against a tree beside me. “We can go back.”
I cuff his leg, then rise to sitting. “No, I was just wondering what your magic required.”
He smiles.
I love that look on him.
“Firstly, it’s not my magic, but you were involved in the solution, so yes, secret magic has been satisfied.”
We stare out over the ruins. Tourists have reemerged from wherever they’ve taken shelter during Harpoc’s quake and are ambling about the site again, seemingly none the wiser. 
I bite my lip. How is that even possible? How have they not freaked out hearing Zephyr? I glance at Harpoc, then shake my head. I won’t question, he’s shielded us from wind and rain, no doubt he can block sound. I shake my head.
“What’ll happen when archeologists discover the rebuilt labyrinth?” My stomach tenses.
“They won’t.” Harpoc nods toward the doorway we took down into the maze. 
It’s a far bit away, and I squint, not sure I’m seeing things right, then glance back at him with narrow eyes. “You… you…”
His metallic eyes dance.
There’s no sign of the opening. Just like the wall in the cistern stairway, he’s somehow concealed it.
I exhale. “What’ll happen to her?”
He meets my gaze, and his look tells me all I need to know. She’ll die down there, without food or water. What a horrible way to go. I shudder, but no amount of humanitarianism in me will ever convince me to intervene. She’d kill untold numbers if she ever got loose, it’s that simple.
Does my callousness condemn me to hell, or worse, damnation? Probably, but I’ll never stand in judgment before Zeus, which is how this whole thing started, with Zephyr not wanting to get in trouble with the god. Someone recorded her secret, then I read it aloud. Yes, I have a large part in this, but she started it. 
Surprisingly, my inner voice remains quiet.
The sun’s casting orange rays across the landscape when Harpoc asks, “Ready?” 
“For what?”
“Unless you want to sleep under the stars tonight, I think we should head to more appropriate lodgings.”
“Oh, yes. Good.”
Harpoc grins, and seduction fills his voice. “And we’ll pick up our previous conversation.” 

Chapter Twenty-Five





Previous conversation. Previous conversation. 
My eyes go wide as Harpoc’s promise concerning a consequence for undoing his duster’s buckle bolts to the forefront of my mind. 
What’d you get yourself into this time, Pell?
My stomach flutters. I’ve no idea, but I’m not entirely sure I’m opposed.
My inner voice coughs.
“Our hotel isn’t far,” Harpoc says, “So I thought we’d fly.”
I meet his gaze. “You have a reservation?”
“No, but hopefully they’ll make room for us.”
I tilt my head. ‘They’ll make room?’ What’s that supposed to mean? Has he stayed there before? Is he some VIP they’ll move the world to satisfy? It wouldn’t surprise me.
My natural tendency would have me questioning and pushing for answers to his mysterious statement, but Harpoc has surprised me at every turn. Why not just let things unfold? What harm can there be? Maybe I can live spontaneously for once.
You? Spontaneous? My inner voice guffaws.
I smile to myself. What’s this man doing to me?
“Flying sounds good,” I reply, more to muzzle my inner voice than anything else.
He extends a hand and helps me up from where I’ve been lazing under the trees, and I step beside him. The buckles of his duster close in unison and he wags his brows, not letting me forget my earlier indiscretion. 
My traitorous cheeks warm, which his grin tells me he sees.
I look down, busying myself zipping my own jacket. Pugh, I stink.
He wrinkles his nose, and I laugh. But the next thing I know, the smell of jasmine replaces puke.
“Much better,” he says. 
I don’t disagree.
He bends forward and picks me up. I grab him around the neck and his citrusy clove smell fills my senses. Mmm, mmm, mmm.
“You seemed to do better with me holding you.” He opens his mouth to say more, then closes it again. But the look in his beautiful metallic eyes as our gazes meet makes the butterflies in my stomach take flight. 
His dark features, those onyx brows and stubbled jaw, his pleasing lips, and olive skin, they hold me captive. For his part, he seems to be drinking me in. He studies every aspect of my face, especially my lips, as our gaze holds. 
Discomfort at the rawness of the moment makes me look away, my heart pounding.
He doesn’t say a word as his wings appear in a swirl of shadows over his back and he lifts off with several mighty downbeats. 
I drop my arms from around his neck and bite my lip, trying to distract my raging heart with the view of the clear blue water that’s near the coast, not far ahead. Even as dusk starts to settle over the land, I can see the sea’s sandy bottom and out a ways.
A few minutes later, he points at a two- and three-story white stucco cluster of buildings, so iconic of Greece, that sprawl along the shoreline. “Here we are.”
Pathway lights already illuminate the walkways and highlight the trunks of olive trees as well as wooden chaise lounges beside beach umbrellas, collapsed for the night, down by the water. The sound of waves lapping the white sand beach adds to the calm.
I inhale deeply, filling my lungs, letting some of the stress of the day drift out to sea on those waves. Harpoc definitely knows how to pick hotels.
He sets down in a dark recess shielded by manicured bushes, near the curved driveway. A host of uniformed attendants staff the posh hotel entrance not far away. At least that’s what I discover once his wings disappear and we’ve emerged from our hideaway.
I don’t mind this kind of secrecy, tucked away as I’ve been in his arms.
Pell… My inner voice rises.
Harpoc puts a hand on my back and despite my puffy jacket, I swear I feel every inch of it as we walk up the drive. The bellman who greets us schools his surprise when we tell him we have no luggage and escorts us inside without so much as a discourteous look. 
What does he think about my dirty attire? No doubt, that I’m some uncivilized barbarian. I twist my hair. I don’t belong here.
He’s probably seen worse, Pell. My inner voice tries to comfort.
Somehow I doubt that. Thank god, I don’t smell like puke anymore.
Harpoc seems oblivious—typical guy—as we stop before the front desk. Of course, he doesn’t look like something mangy that the cat dragged in, like me.
“We’d like a room for the night,” Harpoc tells the woman who looks up from her computer and greets us with a smile.
Her face scrunches up. “I’m so sorry but I’m afraid we’re completely booked this evening.”
Harpoc raises a brow. “That’s unfortunate. Would you mind checking your system just to make sure? Perhaps someone cancelled.”
I glance between him and the woman, then back again. Is he up to something?
The woman starts tapping keys, and I turn around to take in the surroundings.
My mouth drops open as I scan the posh lobby with a view overlooking a spacious blue-water pool and, beyond, the sea already illuminated by lights from shore. This is an expensive place. My stomach tightens, not used to such lavish surroundings. Harpoc’s loaded, he fits in here, but I’m—I sigh—an unemployed archeologist.
Don’t touch anything you can’t afford to pay for, Pell. Mrs. Alden, an ultra-strict caretaker from my formative years, her voice romps through my brain. 
A pair of ladies meander across the lobby in fine evening dresses, drinks in their hands. One of them eyes me, then turns up her snout and continues past in conversation with her friend who gesticulates animatedly. 
I turn back around.
Lots of tapping of keys later and the woman brightens. “Oh, sir, you’re in luck. It seems one room just opened up. It’s a spa suite on the waterfront, one of our most impressive. Would you like it?”
“We would, thank you.” Harpoc hands her a credit card, then turns to me and wags his brows.
I motion, and he bends down. “What did you do?” I whisper in his ear.
He stands straight. “What do you mean?” 
I poke his shoulder; he hasn’t denied it. But we have a room, a top of the line one it seems, for the night, and I’m not complaining.
He turns back to a man he’s been chatting with as the woman works. “That’ll be fine. Thank you.” 
“What’ll be fine?”
“Patience, Pell.” His eyes dance.
My stomach quivers. What have I missed?
Harpoc hands me a card key a couple minutes later, and I hold it against the room’s door lock, then push it open when the green light appears.
I suck in a breath. The room’s humongous. I shed my coat in a flash, tossing it on the floor beside a taupe armchair—I don’t want my filthy jacket to dirty it—as I pass, then belly flop, spread eagle across the ginormous bed, my dirty boots hanging off. I can’t help noting that its white bedspread has been tucked with hospital corners—the standard I was forced to adhere to growing up. 
Harpoc chuckles. “I take it this will do?”
I roll over, sit up, and grab a string of my hoodie. “It’ll do, I suppose.” I sigh dramatically. “If only the steward had poured us wine.”
Harpoc snorts. “That can be arranged, you know.” 
My heart picks up pace as he sheds his duster, adding it to the chair, but I scrunch my nose when I spot the chalky streak, from me, that still mars the front of his vest. He ambles to the wall of sliding glass doors, oblivious to my horror, and eyes the illuminated, private terrace pool beyond. 
I’ve only seen him once without his coat, back in Hal and Kaz’s tent. The light was dim at best. But with no impediment now, I appreciate his lithe body, his well-fitting vest, and firm butt. 
Pell, get ahold of yourself.
“Why don’t we clean up and take a dip? It’s heated.”
My eyes go wide. “Take… take a dip?”
“That is what it’s there for.” He stuffs his hands in his pockets and grins.
“There’s no swimsuits.” I glance about even as I say it, unsure whether I want to see said garments or not.
With that expression, I half expect him to ask why that’s a problem, but instead, he says, “I asked them to send some up for us.”
As if on cue the doorbell rings, and Harpoc goes to answer it. 
“Shall I put these away for you?” A uniformed steward, who follows him in, asks. The white-gloved man holds seven gold boxes, stacked nearly to his chin.
“Please,” Harpoc replies.
“Very good, sir.”
“What’s…?” I ask.
Harpoc gives me a wink and holds up a finger, retreating to the glass doors.
My heart pounds as the steward heads into the bathroom. From my perch on the bed, I peer in to see him set the boxes on the counter, open the first, riffle through the tissue paper and pull out a man’s black boxer-style swimsuit. 
He lays it out on the nearby dresser, then reaches back in and pulls out a hunter-green, one-piece ladies’ suit that looks to be my size, or close to it.
Harpoc knows my size? I glance at him, but he just keeps tapping a ringed finger against his lips showing no interest in watching the guy. No, he’s watching me, watch the guy.
“How’d you know my size?”
“The concierge guessed.” 
“Is that the guy you were talking to?”
“It is.”
“Some man sized me up?” My voice rises.
Don’t pretend you haven’t looked a certain sexy someone over, Pell.
Shut up, I tell myself.
“You did have your jacket on, so we’ll see how accurate his guess is.” Harpoc chuckles.
The steward continues, unboxing a pair of men’s boxer briefs and a pair of red, lacey bikini underwear. My face warms as he lays them out beside the swimsuits.
Harpoc grins, still tapping his lips, enjoying watching my reactions.
Two pairs of socks, his and hers, two pairs of white sweatpants, a matching white hoodie, and two white T-shirts follow.
I start jiggling my foot as I realize… there’s only one bed.
The steward takes to cleaning up the wrappings. 
I glance at Harpoc, and my stomach quivers. 
The sneaky bastard “somehow” arranged for this particular room. How? I’ve no idea, but there can be no doubt. I’ve no comprehension of what all his secret magic can do, but it’s definitely behind this. He knew this room has only one bed. 
I’m definitely attracted to him, but…
Butterflies start two-stepping in my gut.
You undid his coat and messed with his wings. What did you expect, Pell? 
It’s not that I’m not open to, you know… but I’ve just been playing.
Pell, do you honestly believe men find playful women uninspiring?
How would I know? I’m inexperienced, and he, most assuredly, is not.
Harpoc tips the guy, then follows him out and locks the door behind him. “You want to clean up first or shall I?” he asks, moseying back, hands back in his pockets.
“You… you go ahead.” My mouth goes dry.
“Are you okay, Pell?” He furrows his brow. “You look… worried.”

Chapter Twenty-Six





I paste on a smile that no doubt doesn’t reach my eyes. 
Lines deepen his brow, but he heads into the bathroom, giving me a final look before shutting the door.
What should I tell him? Should I tell him anything? 
I bite my lip as I gather my thoughts.
I can see it play out: Harpoc sits down in the matching armchair, the one that’s free of our coats, across from me, and leans back. He brings a hand up and starts tapping a finger against his lips, watching me.
My heart thuds at what I’m about to say. “Harpoc, I’ve never dated anyone, well at least not anything steady. Jimmy Palmer took me to the Space Cowboy Ball one time, and I went to my senior prom after which Alex Bates kissed me, but other than that…”
He tilts his head and purses his lips, waiting for me to go on. 
It’s not the reaction I expect, not that I know what that is, and I start playing with the string on my hoodie.
“I was always so focused on my studies in college that I never made time for relationships, and since I’ve been out in the field…” Harpoc sits there, tapping his lips. I wish he’d do something, say something, but no. “… well, I wasn’t about to date a colleague.” I shake my head. “God, no.”
I’m rambling…
I bury my hands that have started sweating, under my legs.
“You see, I’ve never…”
I can’t bring myself to say it. I’m twenty-four and still a virgin. Not that I haven’t fantasized, mind you.
The imaginary scene stops. I can’t tell him. Nope. No way. He has his secrets, I definitely have mine. 
My breathing calms with the decision. Who knows where this night might go; I’ll just go with the flow.
Because you’re so practiced at “going with the flow,” Pell. Sarcasm laces the words, and I roll my eyes.
 I kick off my boots, then bounce my feet against the side of the bed as I wait for Harpoc to finish. My stomach picks up with the cha-cha the longer he takes. 
He finally emerges dressed in a white-terry, hotel bathrobe and slippers I spotted in the closet and oh how my little heart does thump as I eye him up and down. 
The hint of a tattoo peaks out from the V in the robe and onyx hair covers his legs, not a bear by any means, just a sexy-ass man. 
Mmm, mmm, mmm. 
He grins at my ogling. “You’re next.”
“On my way.” I hop off the bed and amble across to the bath. Boy, is it ever hot in here. 
Several minutes later, the doorbell rings. I’m half cleaned up. 
What tool of seduction has he ordered this time?
A goofy grin spreads across my face.
Pell, get ahold of yourself.
Shush, I’m going with the flow.
I towel off and brush out my hair, eyeing the swimsuit lying not-so-innocently on the dresser. My stomach gives up the cha-cha in favor of the tango, and I brush my teeth with the hotel toothbrush, clean out my ears with a swab, and remove the dirt from under my fingernails. What else can I do?
You’re stalling, Pell.
I know. I know. 
I inhale sharply and take the bull by the horns, squeezing into the green one piece. That concierge’s eye was damn accurate. I don’t know if I should be relieved or worried.
I stand on my tiptoes trying to see all of me as I shift this way and that before the overlarge mirror, adjusting the lycra around my barely-out-of-a-training-bra size breasts. 
Hope he’s not a boob guy or he’ll be sorely disappointed.
I jump up and down trying to see my legs in the mirror.
Pell, just look down.
Duh. I whack my brow with the heel of my hand.
You’re a scientist, Pell, stop being a dork. 
Ugh. Both my hips bear colorful bruises, and my knee sports a  scab from the spills I’ve taken. But there’s nothing to be done. I’ll have to keep covered and make a quick dash to the pool.
I slip into the remaining white-terry robe hanging in the closet and tie the belt. The thing falls to below my knees, just as well.
The rumba picks up in my gut as I slip on the overlarge white slippers, pull open the door and step out.
Harpoc smiles, stopping chewing, where he reclines in one of the armchairs and gives me a thorough looking over. “I ordered us a charcuterie platter since we missed lunch.”
My stomach rumbles on cue. I’ve been so preoccupied with “other things” that I haven’t noticed.
“I hope you like white wine.” Harpoc sits up, then wipes his hands on a cloth napkin, picks up the bottle and pours me a glass.
“Fulfilling my every desire, I see.”
Heat smolders in those beautiful eyes of his, making me more jittery.
But he doesn’t comment, just sets my glass down on the small table between the chairs, beside the tray brimming with sliced meats and cheeses, pickles, fresh strawberries, honey, and more.
Oh, boy. 
He’s moved his coat to the sofa, and I plop down in the now-empty chair, fold my legs up under me, and eye the feast.
“Looks amazing.” 
He uses his fingers to grab several walnuts and pops them in his mouth.
“I can get into fingers.”
Harpoc grins broadly, barely stifling a laugh.
I feel my cheeks flush. “That’s… that’s not what I meant…” Or maybe it is.
“I promised that we’d resume our previous conversation, but it seems you’ve beaten me to it.” He crows.
“No… I didn’t…” It’s pointless to defend when my face burns. I scrunch up my nose.
He reaches over and tweaks it. “I know what you meant. It’s just fun to watch you blush.”
I swat his hand, then grab a slice of salami and wash it down with a gulp of wine.
“Careful there, or you’ll be drunk in no time.”
I down two mozzarella balls.
Once we polish off the charcuterie board, Harpoc reveals a plate of baklava he stowed in the empty drawer of the nightstand, to great fanfare by me. 
I promptly scarf down three of the six pieces, then eat a fourth at Harpoc’s insistence.
“Ready for that dip?” Harpoc asks.
Two glasses of wine have made me relax, and the dance floor in my stomach has emptied. I take Harpoc’s proffered hand and stand, then follow him to the sliding glass doors. 
“The air’s a bit chilly, but the water’s warm.” Harpoc reaches for the belt of his robe, pulls it open, then tosses it on the sofa beside the door.
Oh lordy, but the dance floor in my stomach fills up fast. A quickstep this time.
His muscled chest is clean, not a hair in sight. The tattoo I saw peeking out from his robe is a rose with its stem in an infinity pattern. A swirl of shadow wraps around part.
“That’s beautiful.” 
He looks down at his tattoo. “Thank you.” 
“Does it mean anything or did you just like the design?”
“Some of both.” He smiles. Clearly there’s a story, but he isn’t going to share it. Surprise, surprise.
He slides the patio door open and a rush of cold air hits me, distracting me from probing.
I bite my lip. Shed my robe or not?
Like ripping off a Band-Aid, Pell.
I follow suit, tossing my robe on top of his, feeling like a snail without its shell.
His eyes travel from my face, down my pubescent chest and abdomen, down to my narrow hips. He frowns when he catches sight of my colorful thighs and slides the door closed again. “Pell…”
I want to hide from his scrutiny, but there’s no out, and my heart starts to race.
“Sit.” He points to the sofa. 
I comply, watching his every twitch as he kneels before me in that not-much-there suit of his. My breath hitches.
“Sit back.” 
My back brushes the overlarge pillows of the sofa we dumped our robes on, and I hug myself. I trust him. I do, but oh god, what’s he going to do? 
“Easy there, Pell.” A corner of his mouth quirks up.
His focus drops to my bruises, and he leans forward, then reaches out and places a hand on my right thigh. I swear wherever he touches tingles. 
Breathe, Pell.
Force of will alone keeps me still as I gaze at his wavy onyx hair atop his bent head. I inhale, and warmth spreads to my lady bits. I long to run my hands through those locks. 
Don’t do it, Pell.
He moves to my left thigh, then on to my knee, and my heart practically beats out of my chest. 
Calm down, Pell, before you have a coronary.
At length, he sits back on his haunches and catches my gaze. “All better.” 
My brain is a bowl of Jell-O, and I can’t find words.
“Look.” He nods toward my legs.
 I follow his gaze and my eyes go wide. “You… You can heal, too?”
My thighs and knee have returned to their normal pasty pale. “Thank… Thank you.”
He chuckles, extending a hand, and helps me up.
Does he know what he’s doing to me?
I wanted to go with the flow and be spontaneous for once. I hadn’t anticipated that Harpoc’s “flow’’ might just wash me out to sea because, in this moment, I’m adrift, in way over my head with a guy who’s making me feel things I’ve never felt before. I’ve no idea what to do, much less think.

Chapter Twenty-Seven





I shriek as I emerge from the room, holding myself. Why, oh why, did I agree to take a dip?
Really, Pell? You love sap, you. I can practically see my alter ego rolling her eyes.
Shush.
Harpoc laughs, sliding the door shut, as I scuttle for the pool steps. 
Please be warm, please be warm. 
I reach the steps and dip a toe in to find the water bathwater temperature. Lack-of-Grace helps submerge me fully as I slip on a step in my haste and come up sputtering.
Harpoc is beside me in an instant. “Are you okay?”
I nod, coughing. Mortified. 
He shakes his head, grinning. 
What must he be thinking? 
“Shall we?” He nods to the right, toward the side of the pool where underwater lights illuminate a blue and white tiled ledge that juts out below the surface. 
Dipping to neck deep in the water, I make like a duck and waddle in the three-and-a-half-foot deep—at least according to the tile marker on the side—water, then scoot my behind onto the ledge and sit back.
“That’s very cute.” Harpoc sits down beside me, clearly amused. 
“What? I hate freezing.”
“So I see.” He palms a handful of water at me.
I cup my hands and propel more back at him. All hell breaks loose between us after that until my stomach aches from laughing so hard it hurts. His, too, judging by the way he holds his gut.
“Truce?” he asks, holding up his hands.
“You started it.”
“That I did.” His smile tells me he doesn’t regret a thing.
I pant as we sit again, most of my nervous energy spent. I’m glad. Maybe now I can actually carry on a conversation with him. 
The buoyancy of the water moves me forward, so I put my palms against the tile to stay in place, keeping only my head above water. Harpoc reclines with his arms spread along the side, bare chest above the waterline. To say it’s distracting is an understatement, but I want to get to know him, beyond his physical beauty.
“Is there nothing your magic can’t do?” I ask.
“What do you mean?”
“You cleaned up my motel room, my clothes, and my boots with it, at least I’m assuming so. I was in the bathroom washing up so I don’t know for sure. It also protected us from the rain while we walked to Atitamos’s Cafe, it blocked the wind while flying, it lets you speak unknown languages, perceive the contents of scrolls,  rebuild that wall and the maze, healed my bruises...”
He’s smiling. “That’s quite a list you have there—” 
I hold up a finger, interrupting. “And…”
“And?” He tilts his head. 
I wrinkle my nose, embarrassed to say, but Harpoc’s intense gaze has me add, “It did a fine job getting us this room. Mighty convenient that it has only one bed.” I wag my brows.
He laughs. “You thought that was secret magic that got us this room?” He winks.
“Wasn’t it? I’m learning to just go with the flow around you because your magic seems capable of anything.”   
A grin bursts onto his face, and he shakes his head. “Secret magic did not get us this room, I can assure you.”
“Really?” He didn’t rig it? 
“Really. Is there anything we’re attempting to keep secret?”
“Well, no…” But I’d been so sure.
“Isn’t it possible someone really did just cancel before we arrived?”
“I suppose.” Still doubt nibbles at me.
“Secret magic does have many of those capabilities, you’re right, but it only works when there’s a secret to keep.” He clears his throat and looks away, like he’s accidently said too much.
Don’t let him off the hook, Pell.
No worry about that. I’m on his sexy ass like a… like a… Any simile just sounds gross, and I don’t finish the thought.
“What secret did cleaning up my spilled soup and worn stuff keep? It’s a well-known fact that I’m a dirt-poor slob.”
Harpoc grows unnaturally quiet. 
Really? Again.
Keep after him, Pell.
“Okay, fine. What about keeping us dry with the rain shield?” I shift on the ledge.
He turns back toward me, a corner of his mouth hitching up. “I’m going to start calling you my little harpy.”
My stomach quivers at the endearment, but I furrow my brows, covering. “Why?”
“Between your shrieking at the cold and your probing—” He laughs. “—you’re ferocious, Pell.”
“I lack wings…” My face warms. “… and I’m… mostly, fully clothed.”
His eyes start dancing, telling me he’d like to remedy that.
I cup another handful of water and send it at him.
He just laughs. “Allow me to explain.”
“I wish you would.”
“What you couldn’t appreciate being surrounded as we were by both the rain as well as wind shields is that they concealed any trace of our smell.”
“Was there a reason it needed to be concealed? Did I smell that bad?”
A corner of his mouth rises. “We were in pursuit of a creature who one could reasonably assume would be upset with us for divulging her secret. I deemed it advisable to use them until we’d located her because, yes, you reeked of secret magic.” 
I force a frown. “So secret magic didn’t rig scoring us this room… with just one bed?” I raise an eyebrow.
He guffaws. Answer enough.
I’m unsure if I’m relieved or disappointed. He didn’t rig the hotel… to get me in bed with him. 
“I appreciate the vote of confidence in secret magic, but there are many things it cannot do.” He glances inside, then back. “I figured we’d decide sleeping arrangements closer to time. That couch”—he nods at the sofa lining the wall inside—“folds out.”
My eyes go wide. “It… really?” I swivel to look at it.
He cracks up, and I can’t resist appreciating the sound as I study the sofa in question.
I turn back several seconds later. “Okay, I kind of get the shields, but what secret were you keeping by healing my bruises?”
His look turns serious, and he locks his gaze with mine, making my stomach tense. 
What’s he thinking? The suspense is killing me as the seconds tick by. Will he tell me?
He finally looks away, at the water, and says, “I couldn’t stand to see you bruised, not when you’d gotten the marks trying to…”
“Fix the problems I created?” I look at my prune-y fingers. 
“Yes.” 
It’s touching. I feel cared for, something I haven’t felt in… years. But he hasn’t told me everything, that much is clear with that much hesitating. Disappointment fills me, and I force my shoulders not to droop. 
What’d you expect, Pell, the guy to sweep you off your feet, confess his undying love to you, and propose?
No, of course not, I bite back. He wants me to trust him, he’s said so more than once, it goes both ways.
Silence reigns for a couple minutes, and the sound of the waves lapping the shore not far away, along with the chirping of cicadas fills the pause. The moon has risen, and its glow partially illuminates white fluffy clouds drifting by in the night sky. 
“Now that the scrolls have been relocated—” Harpoc breaks the quiet. “—any idea what you might want to do?”
Thanks for reminding me that I’m unemployed.
I stare at the clear, aqua pool water, but my mind is as adrift as the couple of leaves floating on the surface and a feeling of emptiness fills me. “I don’t know.”
“For what it’s worth, I didn’t like Irik either.” It comes out a growl.
I look over at him and smile. There’s so much I don’t know about him, but he’s definitely been protective of me. Why? Yet another mystery.
“I don’t know where I’ll go. I don’t have a home, not really. Apart from college, that dig was as close to a home as I’ve ever known. I pictured most of the guys as idiot brothers. They sure acted that way.”
Harpoc raises an eyebrow. “Typical males?”
I snort. “Yeah.”
He leans back, draws his arms across his chest, and stares at the water. A pained expression flits across his face, then disappears. 
“Sorry you put me out of a job?” I guess.
He looks up. “That’s not it.”
“Then what?”
He shakes his head.
I don’t hide rolling my eyes this time. What’s he not saying?
I look back up into the night sky. Between the moon’s glow and the ambient light from neighboring hotels, only the brightest stars stand out. 
Just like life, I muse. I’d thought I’d found my place to stand out with that treasure trove of scrolls, but alas, no. 
“What’s something you’ve never told anyone?” Harpoc asks, returning my attention.
Interesting question for someone so secretive.
“Why, so you have a secret on me?”
He snorts. “No, so I can get to know you.”
“If I tell you something, will you tell me something?” 
He bobs his head. “Of course.”
“Wow, what deep, dark secret will the dark overlord reveal?”
I enjoy the sound of his chuckle as I think about what to share, and then an idea strikes. 
You sure about that one, Pell?
I feel shy sharing it, but hey, go big or go home. He wants to get to know me ,and it’s definitely part of me. 
“I always see eyes like yours when I'm afraid. They comfort me.”
Harpoc tilts his head. “What do you mean?”
“When I’m afraid, a pair of eyes, one gold, the other silver, appears in my mind.”
He draws his hand up and starts tapping his lips. I don’t yet know him well enough to pick up on his tells, so I can’t be sure if he’s schooling his features, trying to hide something or not, but the fact that his breathing stops for a second, makes me wonder.
“I’ve never questioned the origin of the image, but every time I picture those sparkling eyes, a very real and visceral calm falls over me.” I chuckle, more to myself than him. He must think me crazy. “I’ve always pretended it’s a powerful god looking down and smiling, assuring me everything will be okay.”
He stops tapping. “Well…” He exhales sharply. What’s that supposed to mean? “… that’s good that image helps calm you.” The way he says it makes it sound like he’s covering something, but what?
“So what about you?” I ask. “What’s something you’ve never told anyone?”
 He thinks for only a second. “I enjoy getting away from everything and everyone during a new moon, going out where city lights don’t dim the night sky, and seeing all the stars.” His voice fills with wonder, and I can tell he’s envisioning it as he speaks. “There’s so many of them. They’re breathtaking.” 
“That would be nice,” I say, trying to picture it myself. “You’ve never told anyone that before?” 
He pats the water absently, then looks at me. “Never.”
“I’ve never really noticed the stars. I mean, I think they’re cool, but I guess I’ve never stopped to appreciate them, at least not like you.”
He smiles, and I know I’d like to experience the stars that way with him.
The cicadas have gone to bed it seems because their droning white noise has gone quiet. Only a cricket chirps, no doubt trying to seduce a lady friend or two. Typical male.
“Well, I’ve turned into a prune,” Harpoc says, looking at his hands, then over at me, a corner of his mouth rising. “What say we head on in and figure out sleeping arrangements?”

Chapter Twenty-Eight 





A mix of panic and uncertainty flood my mind.
I can’t help but notice my lady bits heat.
You’re a mess, Pell.
No kidding, Sherlock.
I bite my cheek as I scoot off the ledge and duck walk back to the stairs. Harpoc laughs as he sloshes up the steps and throws a towel around his shoulders, then opens mine and holds it out for me.
His eyes become bedroom eyes. He’ll wrap me up in his arms if I let him. 
My heart flutters because I want him to.
My inner voice is quiet and I’m taking it as evidence that he’s seduced her, too. 
I grab the silver railing and use it to help propel myself up the steps, then screech as the night air takes a bite out of me and my teeth start to chatter, but then I’m in Harpoc’s arms and he’s holding me in the softness of the overlarge terry towel that comes nearly to my ankles.
Harpoc bends forward, and I think he may kiss my cheek, but in his baritone voice he says into my ear, “It’s hard to resist you awash in the scent of secret magic.”
Then don’t, my inner voice yells. I only barely stifle a laugh. He’s done it, he’s won her over.
“Got it?” he asks, standing tall once more. Wait, what? No, he’s not supposed to let me go.
I hug the towel closer as I crash and burn, and insecurities rise unbidden. I bite my lip as I follow him inside.
How do I misconstrue the situation so badly? Is he suffering from indigestion, and I’ve mistaken it for desire? I’m such a noob. 
“I’ll change first,” I mumble and head for the bathroom, latching the door behind, then lean against it, my heart shrinking. Will it become two sizes smaller, like the Grinch?
Suck it up, Pell. You misjudged, you won’t die.
Then why does it feel like it? 
“You’re hard to resist.” Harpoc’s words linger in my mind. Clearly I’m not.
I shrug out of the one-piece suit, towel off, and slip into the highly suggestive red lacey panties, and white T-shirt and sweats, then brush my teeth and dry my hair. 
I take several deep breaths as I brush my hair out. Harpoc nuzzled me as we flew, I swear he did, or was that my imagination, too? How can I be so far off? Am I starved and desperate for affection? These and more questions I ask the redhead looking back at me in the mirror.
I don’t understand men, it’s that simple. They’re so much more complicated than I’ve thought. Or maybe it’s just Harpoc.
I hang up my wet suit above the tub to dry, then summon my courage because we need to decide sleeping arrangements when I emerge from this bathroom. He’s bigger, I’ll take the fold out sofa, and he can have the bed. I nod at my redheaded counterpart, firming my decision, then open the door.
But Harpoc’s beaten me to it. He’s sprawled out on the fold out atop a towel, in all his delicious, olive-skinned beauty, muscles bulging in all the right places, and my heart speeds. 
But his feet dangle over the end by a good six inches. He’s not some giant, the sofa bed’s surprisingly short, and I can’t hold back a laugh.
“I’ll take the sofa. It’s fine.”
He sits up, grinning. “Nonsense, you’ll take the bed, I insist.”
I shake my head. “It’s too short for you. Really, I’ll take it.”
His expression turns serious. “Pellucid, you’ll take the bed.”
“The group home workers only used my full name when I really screwed up. Am I in deep doo-doo?” I joke.
He shakes his head, no humor to be found. “That’s a shame.”
“What’s a shame?”
“You have a very pretty name. It suits you.”
He’s complimenting me on my name? I can’t help myself; my stomach flutters despite the mixed signals he’s sending me. People usually assume my name’s some old family one that whoever chose it, did for unknown reasons or no reason at all; no one ever has a clue that it’s actually a word in the dictionary. “You know what it means?”
“Of course,” he says with surprising certainty, rubbing the scruff on his jaw. “Pellucid means ‘clear’ or ‘transparent’.” His sureness is weird, like what’s he do? Read the dictionary for fun? But before I can probe, he adds, “That’s you, Pell, you’re not pretentious. I appreciate that.”
Another flutter erupts. I’m so confused. I’ve no idea what to think. 
“As for the bed, you’ll take it, I insist,” he adds, running a hand across his bare chest. 
“Chivalry’s not dead?” I’d like to run a hand across his chest, too. I barely stifle a giggle, and Harpoc gives me a bemused smile, as if reading my thoughts. 
Pell, get a grip.
I don’t know what comes over me, but I blurt, “That fold out’s too small for you, we’ll both sleep on the bed.”
My eyes go wide. OMG did I really just say that?
Harpoc tilts his head.
I backpedal, holding myself. “It’s the only arrangement that makes sense.”
Alarm bells wheeze in my brain. Stop, Pell, just shut up.
Harpoc chuckles. “Ever the practical one, I see.”
Why can’t I spontaneously combust when I really need to?
I draw a hand up to cover my burning cheeks. Damn traitors.
“Let me go change,” he says, standing and mercifully letting me off the hook before I say something more that I’ll regret.
He disappears behind the bathroom door, and I busy myself folding the sofa back up, attempting to make sense of my roiling emotions, but there’s no sense to them, I quickly discover. They are as stirred up as whacking a beehive with a stick, and equally dangerous because I don’t know what I might do or say next.
We’ll be sharing the bed. Eeeeep!
Pell, calm down. Breathe.
I’m calm, I’m calm, I keep repeating it to myself even though it couldn’t be farther from the truth. 
I finish folding up the sofa, then hop up on the bed and realize I’ll be too hot if I don’t shed my sweats. But that’ll mean… ahhh. 
My heart is beating a thousand miles an hour as I take my own dare and strip down to my bright red undies and white T-shirt, not that I’ll be getting much sleep with Harpoc in bed. I burrow in the soft sheets and draw the duvet up to my waist, then lean back into the pillows as if I’m calm.
Harpoc saunters from the bath a couple minutes later bedecked in sweats. I saw him in that robe before, and I have to say he looks amazing in white, against his olive-toned skin, it makes his dark features even more alluring.
“You cleaned up the room, I see.” He smiles. “You’re very domestic.” 
I grin at his use of the line I used on him when he cleaned up my motel room. He remembered. Cha-cha-cha, goes my stomach.
He ambles toward the side of the bed I’m not occupying, removing his T-shirt as he does. 
Oh, mama. He’s half naked.
“I hope you don’t mind,” he says as he discards the T-shirt, then the sweatpants on the floor beside the nightstand. “I get too hot. I can’t sleep in sweats.”
I swallow hard and do my damndest to keep my voice level, wanting, but not wanting to stare at him in only his black boxers. “Same here.”
“Good.” He grins as he slides into bed.
Thump, thump, thumpy, thump, thump. My heart can’t beat any faster.
“Thanks for offering to share, I’ll sleep better than I would have.” He reaches to turn off the lamp.
He thinks he’ll sleep? Yep, I definitely do not understand men.
“No problem, it just made sense.” 
 He lays back, adjusting the covers so his bare chest is still visible. “Well, good night.”
“Good night, Harpoc.” Despite my heart still surging, I switch off my lamp and nestle into the covers. 
Ain’t no way I’m sleeping a wink.

_______

I jolt awake. Arms hug my waist, and my heart accelerates in an instant. 
I squirm, but the hold grows tighter.
“You move a lot,” Harpoc mumbles in my ear.
Harpoc. I exhale. He’s spooned himself around me, and I’m his human teddy bear. My heart accelerates. 
All that excitement dealing with Zephyr must have worn me out because somehow I fall asleep. And not just asleep, but dead asleep if he’s holding me thusly.
Harpoc doesn’t apologize, just keeps holding me against his nearly bare body, and a conga line starts in my stomach.
For once, I don’t try to figure anything out. I’m going to go with the flow and see where it takes me. 
Now there’s a novel idea, Pell. Try, try again. You might actually get good at it.
I’m not awake enough to deal with my inner voice, not without coffee, and I don’t reply. Instead, I lean back into Harpoc’s chest and enjoy the feel of him. 
The doorbell’s ring disturbs our coziness. “Who?”
“I scheduled coffee. I dislike the taste of room coffee. You might want to hide under the covers.” 
I enjoy the sight as he slips out of bed and into his sweats, then heads to answer the door.
I take his advice and bide my time until the steward leaves again.
“Coast is clear.” He laughs. 
He hands me a cup of java once I’ve leaned back in the pillows again.
“I could get used to this treatment,” I say, taking a sip. 
Harpoc sets his cup on his nightstand and situates himself atop the covers.
“OMG, this coffee is so good, I might have an orgasm.” I inhale sharply, horrified. 
Brilliant choice of words, Pell, because you’re so experienced with orgasms. 
Harpoc guffaws. I’m guessing he’s experienced at least one, firsthand, from his reaction.
I scrunch up my face. “I’m sorry, I’m not awake. I can’t be held responsible, I’m liable to say about anything.” I clear my throat. 
He partakes of the black gold and grins as he lowers the cup back to his lap. 
This stuff is seriously the best coffee I’ve ever tasted.
“An orgasm, huh?” 
My faces burns, and I cover it with my free hand. I want to burrow under the covers and never come up.
You’ll spill your orgasm-inducing coffee if you do, Pell.
I roll my eyes at my inner voice.
A minute of silence elapses, and I finally summon the courage to look back at my sexy companion. 
His expression is serious, and I furrow my brows. 
“We need to make a detour before we deal with Midas.” The words come out of the blue and remind me there’s a point to why we spent the night together. 
With that expression, I’m almost afraid to ask, but I do. “What kind of detour?” 
“The kind you’ll need to trust me implicitly.” 

Chapter Twenty-Nine





My stomach lurches. Has there been a point to him insisting I trust him? I thought he was just being overbearing, but I’m questioning in this moment. 
I swallow hard, running my free hand across the soft, white bedding. 
“When we get there, I’ll refer to you as Rose, for your safety.”
I give him a long look. He knew my first name, of course he knows my last, but he’s giving me an alias. I bite my lip.
“You’ll refer to me as King of Roses.”
I do a double take. “Wait, are you calling yourself my king?”
He doesn’t reply, and I roll my eyes. Of course, he doesn’t respond.
“Harpoc, where are you taking me?” I’d wanted to go with the flow, but this feels… bigger… scarier. 
“You’ll see soon enough. Get dressed and let’s get going.”
I drain my cup before surreptitiously sliding out of bed and crouching beside it so he can’t see my undies.
Some of his humor is back because he wags his brows as I snatch my sweatpants off the floor and fumble to put them on.
Like he’s never seen sexy panties before, Pell.
He hasn’t seen “mine,” I insist to myself as I head for the bathroom.
He’s back in his impeccable gray leather duster and vest and I’m in an again-clean jacket and cargo pants thanks to Harpoc’s domestic skills as we walk out of the hotel several minutes later and head down the drive to where we first arrived. 
“Are we flying or tripping?” I ask, afraid of the answer as we head for the seclusion of the bushes.
A corner of his mouth hitches. “Tripping? What are we, overdosing on psychedelic drugs?
I snicker. I hadn’t thought about that.
“That’s tripskipping, and yes.”
“You’re a sadist.” I’d started enjoying having his arms cradle me in flight.
“Can’t have you relaxing too much, it dulls the senses.”
I don’t know what senses he’s referring to because his hands don’t dull anything with me.
He holds an arm out, and I step in, enjoying the closeness as he pulls me closer still, and I wrap an arm around his trim waist.
Darkness and disorientation claim me in an instant, but I swallow down a scream this time. I’m becoming a real professional.
My world brightens seconds later and… I’m in Harpoc’s arms gliding over a sea of red roofs, the only punctuation, a domed mosque and those towers with speakers calling the faithful to prayer. 
Where in the world…?
I glance up at Harpoc. “I thought we were only ‘tripping.’” I chuckle.
A corner of his mouth hitches despite his eyes being focused beyond the edge of town where an enormous rough rock outcropping looks oddly out of place, the only hulking landmark for miles, and beyond that, open fields of green. 
Curiosity nibbles at me, and I take a deep breath and let it out slowly to calm my roiling stomach as I squint, but I can’t quite make out what crop is growing.
Harpoc beats his wings, and we soar past the town, then glide ever lower. Something particularly foul smelling sets my nose reeling, and it’s only getting worse the closer we get to the ground. It reminds me of skunk.
He touches down near the edge of one of those rolling fields and stands me up, and I take one look at the field to the left and know exactly what I’ve been smelling. There’s something distinctive about that seven-part leaf that while I’ve never tried the stuff, anyone alive recognizes.
“Harpoc, what—” I try keeping my voice a whisper. “—why?”
“It’s King of Roses,” he whispers back.
What is he getting us into? My breathing labors. “Are you a drug dealer?” I’ve known he’s dangerous, but I never once pictured this.
He looks into my eyes. “This isn’t a government sanctioned grower so the owner may not appreciate my presence. I need you to do exactly what I say, when I say it. Can you do that for me?”
Not government sanctioned. As in illegal? 
Somehow that does nothing to calm me. Whatever the relationship between Harpoc and this grower, it doesn’t sound good, because otherwise, why the pseudonyms and the need to follow his lead to the tee? My spidey senses are tingling. Things smell wrong, and it’s more than the stench of cannabis.
“King of Roses…” The title still sounds stupid. “… what does this have to do with King Midas?”
“Everything and nothing.”
I roll my eyes. More riddles.
An ominous feeling floods every fiber of my being, and I shift from one foot to the other. Government sanctioned or not, it feels like I’m about to be part of a drug deal, or worse, going down in some foreign Muslim country. How many years in prison will this earn if law enforcement happens to drop by because I can’t imagine a Muslim country condoning anything weed related. I pray I’m wrong.
I’ve fantasized about being a bad girl a time or two, who hasn’t, but I’ve never acted on it. I laugh to myself, yeah, me, a bad girl. That’s funny.
“King Rose,” I whisper, chuckling inside—this manly man’s flower honorific amuses me. “You smoke weed?” 
“I enjoy the euphoria, but the side effects dull my senses, so I don’t indulge often. You?”
I laugh out loud. “Never.”
A corner of Harpoc’s mouth hitches up. 
“You figured, huh?”
His beautiful eyes dance.
I’ve been only a boring, brown-nosing, archeological weenie. 
Somehow the thought doesn’t sit right.
Where’s it gotten me? Unemployed, that’s where.
You’re a proud weenie, Pell, the proudest, my inner voice validates me.
Yeah, unemployed. I can’t escape the facts. I’ve played it safe my entire life thinking it’ll get me ahead, but it hasn’t. 
I gaze over the countryside, weed swaying in the gentle breeze. I’m unemployed even though I discovered the find of the century. I barely staunch a growl. It sucks royally, and I’m sick of it. 
It’s time for a change. It’s time to stop playing it safe. It’s time to start living.
Pell, you are living; being reckless is just dangerous.
I ignore the voice in my head and lean in to hear Harpoc whisper in my ear. “I’m not going to let anything happen to you.” His voice is firm. 
I’ve no idea what’s about to go down, but somehow I believe him. 
No, Pell, you’ve no idea who he is. Don’t do something brash you’ll regret.
Oh, but I am so ready, no, I’m beyond ready, to be carefree.
Harpoc’s been only protective of me since I met him, and the commitment I sense in his voice tells me my trust is not misplaced, regardless of who I discover he is. I know I’m rationalizing, but hey.
Pell… my inner voice rises.
Shush, I tell myself. 
“Some secrets cost more to keep than others,” Harpoc says. 
I look over at him unsure why he said that. It doesn’t matter. I’m going with the flow… on steroids. I’m ready for an adventure. Weed and Midas. Midas and weed. Golden euphoria. I laugh to myself. Bring it on.
I refocus. “So you’re what, some secret-keeping vigilante working on behalf of…” I wave my hands making something up. “… the Greater Galaxy Secrecy Federation to make sure everyone…”
Harpoc smiles. “Everyone…?”
I furrow my brow. “What’s even involved in keeping a secret anyway? You got a badge and a secret handshake?” 
He laughs. “Watch and learn, Rose. Watch and learn.” With that he takes my hand, turns me around, and we head into a field of plants taller than me, down a dirt path between the rows.
I feel amazing. I feel free. I’m riding high on adventure, probably on the overwhelming scent surrounding us too, but whatever.
After a good amount of tromping through the crop, we emerge near a wooden shack with a sloped, ribbed-steel roof—spots of rust pock it every now and again. Several feet away, to the left, stands a large white tent, the light fabric of which ruffles in the breeze—it’s nothing like the canvas command tents I’m used to especially when I spot row upon row of baby plants through gaps in the fabric.
Harpoc points ahead, toward the wood shack, and I follow him across the bare dirt yard, up the rickety steps, and onto the porch. He knocks on the door, and I survey the area while we wait. The place seems deserted. Only three dirty, white-haired goats stare at us, chewing their cud behind a primitive fence, to the right, not far away.
Harpoc takes to pounding when no one’s appeared in a couple minutes.
But seconds later, I spot a half-dressed boy—despite the chill he’s got no coat nor shoes—dart behind an old pickup parked beside the goats’ corral. I’m no good at guessing kids’ ages but I’d put him between eleven and twelve.
“King Rose…” I whisper, then nod.
A chicken in our path squawks as we hurry it to join its fellows, as we descend the steps and head toward where the boy disappeared. 
We navigate through a section of waist-high, potted-nursery-graduates that look ready to join the rest of the crop before long, and finally find the guy Harpoc has been looking for, at least I assume it’s who he seeks.
A middle-aged, burgundy-turbaned man sits sideways to us, stroking his long beard, puffing on the profits, under a shade tree, before a smoldering fire. His gut tells me he’s not starving despite the modest surroundings. 
I take in a tattoo of Islamic writing with a dragon breathing fire that graces his neck. It sends a shiver up my back.
From the six java cups resting on a host of old wood cores arranged in a circle, he hasn’t been alone long. The coffee’s probably still hot.
“Stay here and watch your back,” Harpoc whispers, sauntering toward the dude who’s turned his head toward us.
I scan the clearing. The missing men could be hiding anywhere, and a chill runs up my back. 
You wanted adventure, Pell. 
Shush.
I swallow hard and scrutinize, for any signs of movement, the chest-high weed that surrounds the clearing.
Harpoc stops before the guy and says, “Zeki, you’re a hard one to find.”
“King of Roses, why are you here?” Zeki asks, sitting up. 
“You know why.” Harpoc takes a commanding stance, legs spread, staring down his nose at the guy.
“I did what you asked.” Zeki puts out his joint on the side of the stump playing it cool, but I distinctly see his hand tremble.
“You sure about that? You don’t sound like someone who wants to keep this secret of yours hidden.” Harpoc crosses his arms, his duster shifting.
He hasn’t told me word one about the whole secret-keeping business so far, including his role in it, and I listen intently.
Zeki stands, an elbow of his gray shirt peeking through his red and black wool plaid jacket. “You said you’d make my operation appear legal if I gave you a fifty percent cut.”
That’s the kind of secret Harpoc deals in with this guy? 
Harpoc told me to watch and learn. I am definitely learning, because it’s the first time I realize there’s a cost involved in hiding a secret. I suppose it is a “service,” so I guess it makes sense, but still, what kind of shady business is it? 
Although fifty percent sounds like extortion. Would Harpoc really do that to someone? 
I wonder what the sphinx or Zephyr or Midas had to pay. 
Harpoc chuckles. “That I did, and I have, exactly as we sealed your secret. But your partners have started selling the crop and you’re not including that in my share of the profits.”
Zeki raises his hands. “Fifty percent’s a lot of money.”
“You knew that before you agreed to my conditions. No one held a weapon to your head forcing you to make the deal.”
“I know but…” The guy’s voice is turning whiny. I can’t stand whiny.
Zeki isn’t disputing the facts. So he’s reneging. 
But my mind’s still spinning. I’ve been thinking some ancient dude or dudes scribed a secret, and Harpoc’s tasked with preserving them. But this conversation feels like what I’ve deduced so far about secret magic—cleaning, shielding, healing, and more—and Harpoc’s involvement in it is all in support of what suddenly feels like the heart of it because… 
Harpoc has some sort of power to hide secrets, too… today. 
And if that’s the case…
My stomach clenches.
What part might Harpoc play in the political double standards that make me steam? 


 

Chapter Thirty





The thought blows my mind and my breathing hitches. 
Harpoc hid Zeki’s secret, recently. My brain starts following the path. Whatever it means to hide a secret, he did it recently. 
We’ve been chasing down ancient secrets, or rather the results of them being revealed.
I’m not saying I understand the half of that, but I can wrap my head around something being recent. Harpoc’s here, in the now, and he did whatever he did to keep this guy’s illegal crop secret from the government.
Yes, the government. My thoughts drift to secrets that politicians have these days that create a whole array of double standards. Double standards that drive me ballistic. 
I grind my teeth and my shoulders tense.
Is Harpoc at the center of all of it? 
How does hiding a secret even work? I know my mind can get really creative, but I’m at a complete and total loss to figure this one out. 
Is that why he’s so secretive? The question rises unbidden, and I almost laugh, almost. 
I’ve trusted him, but has he been withholding all sorts of things from me? Things he knows tee me off?
I shift from one foot to the other, thinking of Margo. 
But before I can go ballistic, I stop myself. It’s a mighty big charge, and I may be completely wrong. I hope I am. I need more proof before I go off on him, but so help me, if he’s…
I take a deep breath. I’ll probe my secretive companion and get some real answers. I’m sick of his secrets, and I’m not letting him off the hook again. I know I’ve told myself that before, but not this time.
Zeki’s pleading returns my focus. Harpoc and Zeki continue talking, or perhaps I should say Harpoc talks and Zeki begs because Zeki’s kneeling and sounding even more desperate.
“I know you’re a smart man, Zeki.”
I barely stifle a laugh, yeah a real savant. 
“This is your first infraction—”
I yip as I feel a hand grab the fabric of my jacket’s hood, then something sharp pricks the back of my neck. A low voice with an Arabic accent whispers in my ear, “No sudden moves and you won’t get hurt, now move.” 
Harpoc’s head pivots in an instant, and he stares down whoever’s directing me. 
Gold eye, silver eye. The image shoots to the forefront of my mind, and I finger my ring, anything to find some small measure of comfort in this grand adventure, as that fist compels me forward.
At least my inner voice stays quiet. The last thing I need is for her to say “I told you so.”
Zeki’s shoulders hunch, I can’t tell if he’s defeated or relieved at the actions of his compatriots.
“Your agreement was unfair, King of Roses,” another, higher pitched voice says from behind me.
The grip on my hood doesn’t slacken, and I’m forced to continue forward. 
Harpoc doesn’t so much as look at me, and I don’t know what to make of it. He’s promised me he won’t let anything happen to me. I still believe that, but he could at least reassure me.
I take step after step until that hand jerks me to a stop.
Harpoc forces a smile to his lips that doesn’t reach his eyes, then shifts, arms crossed as if relaxed, so he’s looking straight at whoever spoke behind me.
If I didn’t know him, I’d believe the act, but in just three days I’ve come to know his tells. He’s anything but relaxed. His jaw is tense.
Harpoc leans back and says, “Zeki, it seems you have a management issue to deal with. It’s never fun to have to set your underlings straight, but you’ll need to because I made the agreement with you and you alone, for this entire production facility.” He waves an arm about. “Now I can easily let your government—”
Zeki raises his folded hands, still kneeling. “No. Don’t.”
“Zeki,” Higher-Pitch-Guy behind me says, “why are you begging when we control the king’s greatest weakness, right here.”
Greatest weakness? I’m no one’s weakness, especially not Harpoc’s. I nearly laugh, but the blade pokes my neck again, with intention this time, and I snarl.
Harpoc grins, still not looking at me. “I’d be careful what you say about, as well as, to her. She may look harmless…” Thanks Harpoc. “… but she’s deftly dealt with creatures of mythic proportions.”
His death-eye stare only intensifies and quiet descends on the group, like everyone’s sizing up each other’s BS quotient. 
A second later, the hold on my hood eases. Guess Harpoc’s convincing.
But I’m still captive.
I replay Harpoc’s words whether he means for me to or not. He’s right, I’ve been part of dealing with Irik, then a sphinx, as well as a damn harpy. Granted Harpoc did the heavy lifting, but I was there and learned a thing or two. I am dangerous, sort of.
The higher-pitched idiot starts blathering to Harpoc about the injustice of the situation while Zeki remains quiet, still on his knees.
Why doesn’t Harpoc just knock them all out like he did Irik? We’d be out of here in no time. Maybe he can’t handle more than one at a time, I’ve no idea. I tune out, because no one’s making any moves, and consider our predicament. 
You can do it, Pell, my inner voice encourages the plan that begins to form, but it gets more complex when I hear scuffling in the dirt behind me, and it’s not from Mister Higher Voice. Damn, there’s at least two more goons from the sounds of things. 
Duh, Pell, there were six abandoned cups. 
If I deal with the guy with his grubby mitts on me, can Harpoc manage the others, because they’re above my pay grade. 
If I can just get Harpoc’s attention.
I cough, drawing Harpoc’s gaze for only a second, and bob my head, then ram an elbow into the ribs of my captor and pivot, winding up my leg for a hard and accurate hit. I won’t miss this time.
I don’t either. The guy doesn’t know what hits him between my elbow that winds him and my boot, because I make a direct hit.
He howls, grabbing his balls as he drops. A machete clatters to the hard-packed dirt beside where he writhes. I didn’t kick him hard enough to kill him, but he’ll definitely remember me.
Chaos breaks out around me for a second, then everything goes deathly still.
“King of Roses…” I scan the area, then exhale.
Five large thugs lay motionless behind me, plus the squirming, no-longer-machete-wielding dude. The insufficiently dressed boy we followed, darts back into the weed. Only Zeki’s still upright, still on his knees before Harpoc.
Harpoc doesn’t so much as give me a glance, just keeps talking to Zeki, “As I mentioned, she doesn’t look dangerous, but she packs a punch.”
Zeki turns and looks me up and down before returning his gaze up at Harpoc. 
“We’ll honor the agreement.” I swear his voice quivers.
“That’s a wise decision, see that you do. Now if you’ll just get me those joints, we’ll be on our way.”
Joints? Harpoc wants a hit, or whatever drug dealers call the stuff? He said he rarely used. 
Zeki has the good sense to tremble as he rises and scurries toward me, then past.
“And be sure they’re only the highest quality,” Harpoc calls after him. Harpoc winks at me, and I know he’s messing with the guy.
I hear the squeak of hinges in need of oil. 
Harpoc nods at the squirmy dude I hit where it counts, and the goon goes still. I give Harpoc a long look, but he doesn’t comment.
Not more than a minute later, those hinges protest again and Zeki soon reappears with a plastic sandwich-size Ziploc bag stuffed full of rolled joints. 
I furrow my brow. That’s got to be enough to be high for days, like I’d know.
Harpoc takes the bag, then nods, and Zeki collapses, sinking to his knees, then toppling to his side, on the ground, his red turban falling free to reveal a balding head in the process.
My mouth drops open. “What…?”
Harpoc exhales heavily, and it’s only then that I realize he’s barely been breathing the whole time. Five strides and he’s pulling me against his chest and wrapping his arms around me still holding that bag of joints. One of his duster’s buckles digs into my cheek, but I don’t complain. 
“Well done, Rose,” he says, into my hair as he nuzzles the top of my head. I swear I hear him inhale, there’s no possible imagining this time.
It’s a minute or two, longer than a casual hug for sure, before Harpoc’s arms slacken. 
That guy called me Harpoc’s greatest weakness. The thought’s crazy; there’s no way, he didn’t look at me the entire time, yet he’s still holding me.
I’d never have dared to ask such an intimate question before, but I want adventure and my heart speeds.
Surprisingly, my inner voice doesn’t caution me with the disappointment I’ll feel if Harpoc says, no. Maybe she’s getting on board.
I swallow and ask, “Am I your greatest weakness?” I hold my breath.

Chapter Thirty-One





Harpoc stiffens. Only in his arms would I notice it, he’s that subtle, but I do. 
Harpoc forces a laugh, then asks, “With all that just happened, that’s what you want to know?”
“Well, that and why you didn’t just knock them all out when they put a machete to my throat.”
He steps back, and I love the smile that’s spread across his face. “Don’t hate me, but I was curious.”
“Curious?”
“I wanted to see what you’d do, after I promised I wouldn’t let anything hurt you.”
“It was a test?” My voice rises and my temper flares to life. 
He raises his hands in surrender. “After your complete disbelief in anything I said when we first met”—My temper fades in an instant because he’s right—“I wondered how much trust I’ve managed to earn. There’s nothing like a serious situation to understand.”
“You’re right that I doubted everything you said at first, but come on, Harpoc—” I inhale quickly then glance around after I slip, not calling him His Kinglyness Rose. I’m relieved to find all the goons still sleeping. “—it was a sphinx you were trying to get me to believe in… a sphinx.” I wave my hands. 
He shrugs. “I wanted to know.”
“Why’s it so important?”
He drops his gaze to the ground. 
“Oh come on, give me a freaking break. Tell me.”
He doesn’t elaborate, and I step back, my temper igniting.
“I’ll tell you what I saw.” He meets my eyes again.
I throw up my hands. “Fine, what’s that?”
“You trust me with your life.” He draws a hand to his chest. “And I am honored.” There’s no humor on his face, he’s not joking.
I wanted to start probing him about politics and double standards, but how can I when he goes and says that? I open and close my mouth. Harpoc is frustrating as all get out, but the sincerity I see in his gorgeous eyes disarms me. He’s honored by my trust? 
When’s the last time someone cared if I trust them or not? Like never. Yet it’s a theme with him, and I’ve no idea why. There’s more to it, I can sense it. I just don’t know what. It’s yet another layer of this onion I need to peel, and I will.
Yeah, this and so many questions about his involvement in stuff I care about.
“Now that that’s behind us”—he’s still gazing into my eyes—“while we’re here in Turkey, I thought I’d take you to see a few ruins today, unless you prefer not to.” 
“Is that where we are?”
He hasn’t answered my question about whether or not I’m his greatest weakness. He thinks I don’t notice, sneaky bastard, but I do. What’s more he’s using ancient history, my greatest weakness, to distract me, but that’s okay, there’ll be time to probe Harpoc’s mysteries tonight. He can run, but he can’t hide.
“What about King Midas?” 
Harpoc tosses the baggie of joints up and catches it. “Not yet.”
“Did you get those for yourself or me?” I nod at the bag as he tosses it again.
“Neither.”
“Then who?”
A corner of his mouth rises, and I know he’s not going to say.
“But I trust you with my life”—I draw a hand to my chest in dramatic fashion, making him laugh—“so you can trust me.”
He tucks the baggie of weed inside his duster, then his magic does up all the fasteners, and he extends his arm, which I step into after zipping up. 
“Where are you taking me?”
Of course he doesn’t answer before darkness and disorientation swallow me.
A large body of blue water appears as Harpoc steadies me not long after. I swallow down my stomach’s protest to the rough treatment, then take a deep breath and let it out slowly.
“Alanya Castle on the Mediterranean Sea,” he says, motioning behind us. “The citadel has a platform where we can get spectacular views of the sea.”
We tour Alanya Castle, then after lunch fly to the nearby ancient city of Perge that has statues of the goddesses Nemesis, Aphrodite, Athena, and Tykhe, which fascinate me to no end. After that, we fly on to Phaselis, which legend credits as the home of the mythical beast Chimera, a fearsome creature made of a lion, dragon, and goat, that spewed flames.
I’m completely caught up in all of it, and I joke that at least I didn’t bring a creature like that back. He gives me a long look but says nothing more. 
It leaves me feeling like maybe some of those scrolls he squirreled away, might well contain Chimera secrets. 
So full is our day that thoughts beyond the immediate flee, no doubt as he intends, but I don’t regret it. I’m consumed in ancient history, and I can’t get enough. 
The sun’s rays are long and orange over Phaselis’s harbor when we finish touring the ancient amphitheater that is just incredible—I feel what it must have been like to be one of those citizens as I sit on the stone seats, watching whatever performance. Between that, the aqueduct, agora, and baths, I’m full to brimming, and I can’t thank Harpoc enough for the gift this day has been.
Shortly thereafter, I’m struck by a hulking, modern hotel complex standing before me when Harpoc’s shadows disappear. The contrast between ancient and modern can’t be more stark.
We approach a central, circular, gray-glass-windowed hub from which protrude two wings. It’s all at least seven-stories tall. I wish I’m taller because I’d love to stick my hand in the gurgling fountain as we pass by.
I can’t find words for the extravagance, more than last night even, as we check in beneath the high-tech, illuminated dome. The floor’s inlaid marble in modern patterns that I can’t get over. What will future archeologists think when they unearth this place? 
I’m watching him, watch me, out of the corner of my eye. Harpoc takes it all in stride, but he keeps eyeing me and chuckling as I’m having a hard time keeping my jaw from sweeping the floor.
But Harpoc tenses, and his gaze catches. It interrupts the sensory overload, and I turn my head to follow his line of vision, just as the uniformed front desk guy asks Harpoc a question. 
I only barely tamp down a gasp because I swear I spot Zeki. He’s dressed in the hotel’s uniform of gold tunic and off-white slacks. While he doesn’t have a turban, I swear it’s him because the guy’s balding and he has a longish beard, just like Zeki, but more, I spot a tattoo with a fire-breathing dragon sticking up just above the tunic’s collar.
The guy’s eyes open wide for a fraction of a second, just long enough for me to know he’s seen us, too. It’s got to be him.
How did we end up near him, and, no doubt, his cronies, again? I hadn’t paid attention to where we last tripped, but why would we return here?
“We’re on the top floor,” Harpoc says, as the elevator lifts us ever higher several minutes later. He hasn’t said a word about Zeki.
I’ll hold my tongue until we have privacy. 
Harpoc opens the door to our room and motions me forward, and I’m again impressed by the posh accommodations. There’s again only one bed, surprise, surprise, but there’s no pool tonight, which means there’s no distractions. And no distractions mean it’s perfect for the inquisition I’m planning. Because I’m going to get answers out of this man, and I’m going to get them tonight. 
I take off my coat and lay it on one end of the sectional couch that looks out over the city whose lights are just starting to flicker on in the growing dusk. My boots quickly follow, and I sit down and nest my legs beneath me.
“Care for a drink?” Harpoc asks, shedding his duster and laying it over the back of the couch, then lining up his boots next to mine.
“Please. I’ll have a Mythos Lager if they have one.”
“You really like that stuff, huh?”
“I do.”
I wait until Harpoc’s seated comfortably, ankle atop a knee,  and as soon as he takes a sip of whatever amber spirit he fills the bottom part of his tumbler with, I say, “I think I spotted Zeki downstairs.”
He nods. “Yes.”
I turn a furrowed brow on him. 
“With the cut I’m taking of his profits, he probably has to work. It beats the government finding out. Not only would he make no money from it, but he’d be sent to prison for who knows how long.”
He has a point. 
“Are you worried after this morning’s run in?” he asks.
“Shouldn’t I be?”
He holds up a hand. “He’s predictable. He’ll stick to his word now that he knows I’m serious.”
“And if he doesn’t?”
A corner of Harpoc’s mouth hitches up. “Secrets have a nasty habit of slipping.”
Secrets slipping. Ha. That’s a laugh when it comes to him. I’ll take Harpoc just spilling any of his at this rate, but he’s at least given me a lead in to start digging.
Take it, Pell, take it, make this turkey, I mean canary, sing. My inner voice is practically giddy.
I school my expression like Harpoc—because I’ve learned from the master, himself—and do my best to put on an air of quiet confidence, flipping my hair as I tilt my head back. I can’t quite reach the top of the sectional to stretch an arm across it like he does but, oh well. 
My inner self chuckles.
Hey, I may be height challenged, but I can still work it. 
“Harpoc,” I say in a sweet voice. “You told me to watch and learn this morning, and I want to run a few things by you to see if I understand.”

Chapter Thirty-Two





Harpoc grins, draws a finger to his lips, then starts tapping like he’s want to do. “What mysteries from this morning can I illuminate for you, oh curious pupil?”
“Well, Professor Rose,” I say, playing along, “Zeki and you talked about hiding his secret.”
Harpoc nods. “Sealing it, yes.”
“What’s that mean, exactly?”
“What can you infer?” 
It’s not an answer and my inner voice objects. Whoa up, Pell, don’t let him slip the noose.
No chance, I’ve got this bull by the balls.
“I infer that you somehow keep the truth from Turkish government officials for a price. But that’s not my question.”
Harpoc chuckles. “Okay, my little harpy, what is your question?”
I snicker at the endearment despite my concerns, because, yes, I’m damn ferocious when I want to be, like now, although he doesn’t know it yet. “You ‘sealed’ Zeki’s secret?” 
“I did.” He grins, and despite my resolve, my innards flutter. 
Don’t let him flirt his way out of this, Pell.
I roll my eyes at myself. I’m such a sucker for his charms, and he knows it.
But I’m also a scientist, damn it. I refocus. “What all’s involved in ‘sealing’ a secret?”
Harpoc takes a sip of his drink, and I fear he’s going to clam up, with the thoughtful expression he assumes. He uncrosses his leg and sets his drink on the end table, then turns toward me, and my stupid heart beats a little faster.
“You really want to know who I am don’t you?”
I can’t stop my head from jerking back. I’m glad I’m sitting. I only barely nip a snarky retort—No, Sherlock—because he might just take me literally if I say it. 
I clear my throat. “Yes, yes I do.”
He slides down the couch so our knees touch, then takes my hand, and—those beautiful gold and silver eyes—our gazes connect. 
I clutch my beer tight. 
“Pell, I am the god of secrets, and my empire manages the secrets of every known realm.”
God of Secrets? 
A god?
There’s such a thing? Or person?
This is definitely not what I expect, and my heart picks up pace.
A god?
I nearly drop my beer. I’m tempted to think he’s pulling my leg, but there’s no humor in his eyes, like there’d be if he is.
A god? 
He’s still staring into my eyes, like he can read my thoughts. If he’s a god, maybe he can. But then his Adam’s apple bobs, and I realize he’s not sure how I’m taking the news. 
“You’re a god?” My pitch rises. 
My mind’s a whir. A god, a god, a god. 
OMG. I bite my lip.
He leans in. He portrays the picture of calm and confident, but his shoulders are tight. I can see it in the way his tailored shirt hugs his arms. 
“I am.” He’s unusually still.
“You’re a god.” I say it again. 
Like duh, Pell, he just said it.
He smiles.
“You’re… like a god come to Earth.”
“I am.” He chuckles.
“But…” I furrow my brows. “…why?”
My brain’s about to short circuit with all the electrons firing at the same time. Until today, I think Stonehenge and Easter Island are the greatest mysteries known to humans, but they’re nothing compared to… a god?
He drops my hand and slaps a leg, laughing. “You’re just too cute.”
I force a frown, but he laughs all the harder for it. 
“Allow me to explain.” 
He’s going to tell me more? Why’s he being so transparent all of a sudden? 
Don’t question it, Pell.
Right, right.
“Please.” I’m trying my best to not totally lose it, but he’s a freaking god! My brain is scrambling to assemble the five-bazillion-piece Harpoc puzzle. 
I sit up, clutching my beer. Condensation’s making it slippery, so I wipe some off on my cargo pants and take a sip.
Harpoc leans back and stretches his arms across the back of the sectional again, clearly relieved, why, I’m not sure—that I didn’t laugh in his face, that I didn’t scream, that… who knows what.
“Why did I come?” he asks.
I bob my head.
“There is a leak.”
“A leak.”
“Several of the secrets I’ve sealed are somehow being leaked, and I’ve been unable to identify the source. When I detected that the sphinx’s secret had been exposed and she’d been brought back, I thought it might be my first lead, so I came immediately.”
He’s speaking but the words aren’t registering. “You… have a leak.”
A corner of his mouth hitches up. “Yes. Imagine the problem if beings discover the Empire of Secrets might accidently leak their sealed secrets. Instability would erupt everywhere.”
“Empire of Secrets.”
“Yes, Pell.” Harpoc smiles. 
I take another sip of my beer and swallow hard.
He spoke, just now, about the secrets he sealed that are leaking. He included the sphinx’s among them. 
My brain starts sprinting through the time I’ve spent with him, in light of this and his ‘god’ revelation.
And my skin starts to tingle.
Harpoc knew the sphinx’s secret; he recited it verbatim when he’d only briefly glanced at the scroll. 
I draw in a quick breath. 
He also spoke to her… in a tongue they both knew. My stomach hitches. Like that maybe existed way back 4600 years ago. 
The next thought piles on. He also said that screech was Zephyr when there’s no way he should have known… unless he’d met her before. 
My breathing labors.
Zephyr existed in the time of Jason and the Argonauts of Greek legend. 
My mind’s sprinting full out. 
And he called Midas a “batty old geezer.” His words had come out soft as if he knew and liked the guy. 
In fact, Harpoc dipped us dramatically in flight when I accused him of knowing the king—primary schooler. And he’d covered for Midas, excusing his misconduct.
My hands turn jittery, and I shake my head.
“Pell, are you okay?” Harpoc gives me a concerned look.
I’m about to have a heart attack, why wouldn’t I be okay? 
“Did you record all of the secrets I read?”
He smiles. “I did.”
OMG. And no, not him. 
“How old are you?” The question spills out, and I hold my breath. 
“I was created at the foundation of the worlds.” He says it plainly, like it’s no big deal, just a simple fact about himself, no different than saying, “I like purple.”
My hand flies to my mouth. 
Shit! I’ve been eyeing him up and down, thinking lurid thoughts about him. 
Nice going, Pell. You didn’t rob any cradle; you robbed the old folks’ home.
Ew… I rub the condensation on my beer.
He predates all the beings we’ve been chasing.
He leans over and nudges my arm. “Pell, that doesn’t make me old and decrepit.”
My face warms. He knows where my thoughts go.
“I’m ageless, time has no meaning for me. In the grand scheme of things, I’m but a child.”
A child! Ah!
“You’re not helping.” My face is burning.
Harpoc cracks up. 
“So all of those hundreds of scrolls… you knew each and every one of… and hid…”
The immensity of the thought pummels my poor brain, but I have to hear him confirm or deny.
Harpoc gives a half-hearted shrug as if it’s something that happens in the course of an average day for him. “As I said, I handle the secrets of the most powerful.”
“From time immemorial.” I can’t begin to fathom it.
“Something like that.” 
Silence falls between us for a full minute while my mind attempts to wrap itself around the facts, “attempts” being the operative word.
 At length I ask, “Why did you finally decide to tell me about yourself? It’s not like I haven’t asked you a million times before.”
“Yes, you are persistent, my little harpy.” He winks and tingling erupts in my stomach. 
Get a grip, Pell.
I’m trying.
“As it happens, I told you because you showed you trust me, with your very life. That’s a rare gift to give another, and I don’t take it lightly.” He pauses, like he’s debating whether to say more. “The fact that you grew to trust me that deeply, so quickly…” He shakes his head like he can’t believe it. 
Relief has made him looser than I’ve seen him, perfect for what I really want to know, if I can just get myself together. I mean, it’s not like some god reveals himself to me every day.
“If you’re the god of secrets, does that make you the top dog?”
He smiles. “I’m hardly a canine, but yes, I am in charge.”
“Of all the secrets, of every realm.” I press even though I’m about to choke on the immensity of it. 
“Yes, Pell.” 
All. Every. Whoa.
But that admission does more than wow. I’d wondered if he plays a part in the double standard that allows politicians and others to live above the law. It seems I have my answer, and I’m none too happy about it.
Don’t get bogged down, Pell, find out more.
Right. Right.
I refocus, forcing a lightness I’m not feeling. “So you’re saying there’s a sophisticated system that manages secrets?”
“My domain is critical for every civilization to exist. If not for the Empire of Secrets, chaos would reign.”
He said that before, at Atitamos’s. I fiercely disagree, but I’ll keep quiet for now. Getting the facts out of him is more important. 
“How many realms do you manage secrets for?”
“Every one that exists. A few you know of, most you don’t because they aren’t in this galaxy.”
My jaw drops again. Getting the facts, indeed. “I knew you were… different, but I hadn’t… well, expected, like you’re literally out of this world.”
He snorts. 
“Where’s your empire?”
“Why? Would you like to visit?” Somehow he looks hopeful, and I’m not sure how to take it. Me? Go visit some alternate galaxy or dimension? My mind is officially going to explode with the immensity of it all. 
All I really care about is stopping the double standards politicians enjoy and molesters get away with in my little world. “The thought intrigues me,” I say, covering. 
His eyes sparkle at that. 
He can’t be serious. I’m just an unemployed earthling who until this morning thought the Milky Way was da bomb. 
He tripskipped, Pell. You can’t believe he’s from this dimension.
I know, I know, he’s a freaking god.
“Explain to me how ‘sealing a secret’ works,” I say, circling back to my original question. 
Harpoc stretches and grabs his drink from the end table, then resituates himself. “When a being does something that he or she wishes no one knows about, the empire goes into action. A representative pays him or her a visit and determines whether the being wishes to seal that secret for time and eternity, in exchange for payment of some kind.”
Aka, Zeki’s fifty percent fee. I make a mental note to ask him what the sphinx, Zephyr, and Midas paid, as well as Foutsey. I barely suppress a growl.
“I manage the secrets of the powerful. My lieutenants coordinate the ranks of those less powerful.”
I furrow my brow. “I’ve done a thing or two I wished no one knew about. No one’s ever shown up to make that offer to me. I’d probably have taken them up on it.” 
Harpoc runs a hand up and down his thigh. 
“What gives?” 
He looks at the floor. “You're a special case.” 
“What's that supposed to mean?” 
His jaw clenches. “Let’s leave that for another time.” 
I give him my best frown. Another secret? Somehow it feels like everyone on the planet has access to this secret magic except me. Why? Why have I never even overheard anyone refer to it? I could really stand to get me some, so really? No, I’m just supposed to accept that I’m some “special case.”
My fury is rising.
I’ll give him credit for being forthcoming tonight, but he’s pissing me off. 
It’s also clear either he or, more probably, “one of his lieutenants” was involved in hiding Foutsey’s misconduct in Margo’s situation. It’s hard to say if it’s Harpoc who enables powerful, corrupt politicians, but it doesn’t matter, he said he’s the one leading this Empire of Secrets and as such, he’s responsible.
I take a swig of beer.
And to make matters worse, he waited until I showed that I trust him before telling me this. It feels like a slap in the face. 

Chapter Thirty-Three





“I told you about myself, tell me about yourself,” Harpoc says.
It’s about the last thing I want to do. But what will he do if I confront him, like I’m itching to? Because I’ll do that so smoothly, and in a way he’ll want to hear me out, especially when I’m as torqued as I am. I barely stifle a huff.
Besides, I still have Midas to help with.
I take a deep breath. I hate talking about myself.
I stand and wander over to the wall-length window and take another sip of beer as I try to compose myself.
I survey the city that’s ablaze with lights against the dark sky, as well as Harpoc’s reflection. He takes a swallow of his drink, eyes on my back, still sitting comfortably, waiting for me to speak. I can do this. 
I turn, forcing a levity I don’t feel. “I’m an archeologist who taught herself hieroglyphics and loves baklava, but you know that.”
A smile appears on his face, then fades.
I take a deep breath, hating divulging my history nearly as much as what I’ve learned about Harpoc. “I don't know who my parents are.” 
Harpoc doesn’t react, just keeps watching me.
I exhale, relieved. I’m surprised, most folks pour on the pity when I tell them, which I hate. I’m no victim.
Why surprised, Pell? He’s not like most people.
That’s the understatement of the century. He’s a freakin’ god.
I calm and brush some of my hair behind an ear. “Mrs. Elide, the only group home worker who was ever nice to me, found me wrapped in a pink blanket, in a wicker basket, on the front step one morning. I came with a note, this ring on a chain around my neck”—I hold up my hand—“and one long-stem rose.”
Harpoc takes another swallow of his drink, still not reacting.
Memories of Mrs. Elide swell to the forefront of my mind. Stubborn being that I am, I resist sharing, because Harpoc doesn’t deserve to know more.
What can it hurt, Pell?
Fine, I’ll just stick to the facts. 
“She retired when I was eight. It broke my heart.” I keep my tone even, factual. “She stopped by the group home every once in a while over the years after that and always let me blather on and on about what I was doing and learning. I relished her excitement.” 
I haven’t thought of her in a couple years, but a lump forms in my throat regardless of what I told myself about sticking to the facts. I continue, suddenly wanting to. “She believed there’s something divinely special and ordained about every child who arrived at the group home. She said it was her mission to help us each figure out how we were specially gifted.”
“She sounds like an inspiring woman.”
I take a deep breath. I’ve never told anyone about Mrs. Elide and the place she still holds in my heart. Why am I telling him, especially when I’m as pissed at him as I am? 
I swallow back emotion as I add, “I was nearly adopted three separate times, once as a baby and twice more. I only remember the last two, but she was the only one whose shoulder I cried on when they fell through. She died on my birthday, six years ago.” I swipe at a stray tear. 
Harpoc’s on his feet and beside me in an instant, enfolding me in his strong arms. “I’m sorry.”
My body initially resists his embrace, but the longer he holds me, my body turns traitor and moves into the hug.
“I was graduating high school that year so it was kind of like her saying I’d gone as far as I could with her. I took it as her telling me I was ready to launch into the world. She’s the one who encouraged me to learn hieroglyphs.”
“So you could read the inscription on your ring.”
I nod against his firm chest. I want to reject his caring, because he’s responsible for so much of the treachery and hypocrisy in this world, but in this moment, I find he’s my stability.
“What does your ring say?”
I look up at his scruffy chin, and he steps back.
“No one’s ever asked me that before.”
“I don’t mean to pry.”
“No, it’s fine. I never told anyone this, but I was proud of myself the day I finally deciphered it.”
A corner of his mouth rises.
“I wore this ring on that chain around my neck when I was little, but when I grew big enough to wear it on my finger, I slipped it on and I’ve never taken it off, not once, just like the note that was left with me, said to do.”
“That’s dedication.”
“I feel a connection with my parents, because of it.” I run a finger along the back of it like I have so many times.
I don’t know what comes over me, but Harpoc watches as I slowly inch it down my finger, his gaze ping ponging between my hand and my eyes like he’s trying to figure out what I’m doing. 
He’s done anything but earn my favor, but he’s the first person to ever ask about my ring, to care enough to.
His brow rises when I hold it out to him, but he holds up an open palm. “I couldn’t.”
“You know hieroglyphs, too, judging by all those secrets you scribed on those scrolls.”
Realization dawns and he smiles.
“You asked what it said, read it to me… make sure I didn’t screw up the translation.”
He chuckles as he takes it. 
Movement distracts my attention, and I swear his shadows swirl around our feet for a second before he nods and shuts them down. 
I smirk. I never dream the inscription on my ring will get him excited, but it seems to. 
He’s still looking at the silver circle, but he steals a shy glance at me, like he’s hoping I didn’t notice. 
“Busted,” I say.
We both laugh.
He runs his free hand over his chin, then clears his throat. “So, the inscription.”
“Yes, God of Secrets, the inscription.”
He twists the ring this way and that before translating, “The beauty and simplicity of truth reveals all, let it always guide you.”
He hands it back and I slip it on again. “Good, I translated it correctly. I hated to think it said, ‘whales are salvation’ when I’ve believed differently all these years.”
He chuckles. “Yes, that would be unfortunate.”
I wander back to the sectional and he follows.
“My upbringing in a group home was… a challenge as you might guess,” I say, skipping over years of emotional scars and hurt. “I graduated high school, went to UT Austin, graduated in the top of my class and got that job. That about sums up the rest of my life.”
I can tell by the amusement in his eyes that he knows I skipped gobs of stuff, but before he can probe I ask, “By the way, what language did you speak to the sphinx in? You never said.”
“You are tenacious.” He laughs, picking up his drink and tossing back the rest. “Hieroglyphics.”
I furrow my brows. “Hieroglyphs is only a written language.” The words are out before my brain can stop me.
“It is, but it hasn’t always been.” He rolls his eyes, grinning.
I snort, then raise a hand in surrender. “Of course, you’d know, oh, ancient one.”
“Vowels weren’t used, so spoken hieroglyphics gradually disappeared as people no longer knew how to pronounce words.”
“Will you teach me?” I’m barely able to contain my excitement.
He brings his free hand to his mouth and starts tapping his lips, a considering expression appearing.
I gently swat him, making him laugh. “I’d love to teach you, my little harpy.”
He shifts toward me, and my body turns traitor because I think I see desire again in his eyes, like last night, and it warms to it. 
Stupid, stupid body.
Of course, I crashed and burned when I expected him to wrap me up in that towel and kiss me senseless. But I’m sure he nuzzled me after our run in with Zeki this morning.
Butterflies launch in my stomach. 
Pell, no. Not after what he’s done.
I ignore.
I feel their wings increase to a frantic pace when he reaches over and brushes some of my flyaway locks behind an ear. I’d no idea such a simple gesture could feel so intimate.
I know I should hate him in this moment, but my body has other ideas, and it’s suddenly hard to breathe. I can’t take my eyes off him, off his dark features, off his gold and silver eyes. 
Citrus with a hint of cloves fills my senses as he leans in and his hand touches my jaw. His eyes move to my lips, and my lady bits warm.
“You’re hard to resist,” he whispers.
“Then don’t.” 
Pell, no.
I don’t know where that comes from, but it’s all it takes for him to close the distance and brush his lips against mine. He’s so gentle.
But I want more.
I draw a hand to the back of his neck, encouraging him to deepen the kiss, and he moans, then cradles my face in both hands.
I feel like a precious treasure, something I’ve never once felt before, and my heart speeds. 
Traitor. Are you this fragile and desperate for affection, Pell?
Maybe I am. 
Our eyes meet. “You’re so beautiful, Pell,” he whispers.
I feel moisture well up in my eyes. I don’t want to ruin the moment crying, but I can’t help myself, and I feel a warm tear slide down my cheek.
His gaze doesn’t waiver, and he draws closer still, his lips doing more than brushing as he presses his to mine. 
They’re soft and responsive and sensual, and I’m awash in a flood of feelings I didn’t know I could feel.
I press closer and I can feel him smile against my face, and then he cups the back of my head in a palm and I’m lost. I can’t get enough of him. 
I run my hands through his wavy onyx locks at the back of his neck and he rewards me with another moan. I don’t ever want this to end.
But no sooner does the thought cross my mind than he’s pulling back, breathing hard. 
Note to self, don’t ever think that again.
He grins. “So you liked that?”
I’m panting, still drunk on emotions, and I can only offer back a stupid smile.
“Good, because I did too.” 
I giggle, I actually giggle, and feel no shame.
It seems my inner voice is speechless too because she doesn’t so much as peep. No, she’s probably too steamed.
He reaches over and runs a thumb down my cheek where my tear leaves a track, and the gesture nearly undoes me. I want to kiss him all over again, but he winks as he sits back, seemingly knowing what I’m thinking and toying with me.
I’m stupidly in over my head with him. I can’t help myself, I’m like a damn schoolgirl, despite knowing better because of what he’s done.
So what am I going to do about it?

Chapter Thirty-Four





I wake feeling like a traitor, spooned in Harpoc’s arms again. He “let me in” for the first time last night, unashamedly telling me his role as the leader of a whole secret-keeping empire. 
As much as the thought disgusts me, I need to figure out a response that will win him over, not send him scurrying, because I’m talking to the guy who can actually change things. And I can’t mess this up.
I shift and feel that his whole body is rigid behind me.
“Hey,” I murmur, and look over my shoulder, catching his gold and silver eyes wide open, intent on me.
He squeezes my abdomen. “I didn’t mean to wake you.”
“You didn’t. What’s wrong?”
“We’ll go see King Midas today.” He sighs and I feel his shoulders droop against my back.
I make like a rotisserie chicken and rotate, still in his arms. I shouldn’t comfort him, but he was my rock last night, so I bring a hand to his face, cradling his jaw, the scruff of which has grown thicker overnight. “What’s wrong?”
He only grunts.
The onion has returned, and it seems it’s up to me to peel it again. “Why did you delay going to him?”
His gaze connects with mine for a second before he says, “You’ll understand when you see him.” 
A sour feeling besets my stomach because my brain’s off and running, imagining scenarios where the ancient Midas dude’s fallen and can’t get up and has been laying there for days or wild animals have mauled him—of course, I suppose said animals would be turned to gold, but hey, what a way to go—or worse.
“How about some coffee?” Maybe that’ll lighten his mood, I know it’ll improve mine, dramatically. 
Harpoc tweaks my nose. “That sounds like a good idea. I scheduled it for later, but I’ll go get it.”
“The god of secret’s magic doesn’t deliver coffee?”
A corner of his mouth hitches up. “Afraid not.” 
“You really ought to talk to management about that. Oh, but I guess you are management.”
He chuckles, and I ogle as he slides on navy sweats and slippers that the hotel delivered last night. 
I’m still mad at him, but I’m not blind. For an old geezer, he’s still eye candy. 
He’s a freaking god, Pell, down girl.
He runs a hand through his onyx locks, and they fall into perfect order. Okay, that’s just not fair.
A minute later the door shuts behind him, and I slide out of bed, slip on my sweats, go pee, then brush my teeth to tame my dragon morning breath. I don’t know what it is, but the thought of eating anything before I’ve brushed my teeth in the morning utterly disgusts me.
The door handle jiggles not long after, and I laugh. “Secret magic doesn’t open the door when your hands are full either, huh? I really think we need to take these defects up with someone above your pay grade.”
I fling open the door.
But it’s not Harpoc.
It’s Zeki and his goons, and they force their way into the room, pushing me back before I can react, then close the door behind them. 
I shriek, hoping a neighbor hears, but these walls are soundproof judging by the lack of “neighbor noise”—I’ve heard no squeaking bedsprings or thumping headboards. 
Gold eye, silver eye. Where’s Harpoc when I need him?
I knew Zeki was bad news.
I keep screaming until one of Zeki’s goons grabs me, and another ties a gag over my mouth and my hands behind my back.
“Hurry up,” Zeki says to one of his henchmen, eyes darting about the room like Harpoc’s going to materialize any second. I pray he does.
I’m pushed down on the sectional and Gag Guy—and no, he’s not funny—pulls a plastic bag from his jacket and slides out a rag.
Shit.
I try kicking, but the four goons stand too far away for my feet to connect with any of them, and I end up flopping onto the floor, nearly banging my head on the coffee table. 
“Serves you right.” One of the guys laughs.
Gag Guy comes around the table, to my head, and I wriggle for all I’m worth. I just need to stall until Harpoc gets back.
But the guy’s faster than Harpoc because the dude captures my head despite my twisting and holds the rag over my nose, grinning. “The King of Roses’ greatest weakness is in our hands.”
Like hell.
Hold on for Harpoc. Gold eye, silver eye.
I keep shaking my head this way and that, making it as difficult as possible, but my fingers tingle and my head feels buzzed, like when I’ve had a few too many drinks.
Hold on, Pell. Hold on.
I keep fighting, but it feels like I’m walking in mud.
Gold eye, silver…
Blackness overwhelms me.

_______

My cramped shoulder’s screaming wakes me. My hands are numb, no doubt because I’m lying on them, still tied behind my back, and my head’s pounding as if someone’s playing a drum solo. What’s probably a rough stone is digging into my cheek.
The smell of cannabis is here but not as strong as it was, although the scent of earth fills my nostrils along with wool from the scratchy old blanket I feel weighing on me. I’m just glad I put my sweats on before answering the door or I’d probably be mostly naked under this thing. As it is my bare toes are frozen.
“Yeah, and we’ll make him—” It’s Higher-Pitch-Guy. I’d recognize his voice anywhere.
Constant, repetitive, snapping sounds fill the gaps between words, like they’re all doing something.
“Shut it, Mazhar.” This, lower voice guy, was there with us before, too. No doubt they all were, and they’re pissed at Harpoc for knocking them out yesterday.
I feel the weight of eyes on my back and feign unconsciousness. With my head pounding like it is, it’s not hard. I wish I still was.
“What’s wrong if she knows what we plan to do to get rich? She has a very special role to play, besides she’s not going anywhere.” Mazhar laughs. No one joins in.
That gets my heart pumping. 
Where’s Harpoc and what will they do to me once they know I’m awake? 
Calm down, Pell, I tell myself. Funny enough, it’s not all that easy to do, all things considered.
“Hand me some more.” It’s a voice I’ve not heard before.
Plastic rustles, then quiets and that snapping sound continues.
I chance cracking open an eye and discover white fabric hanging from a frame, fluttering not far away. I glance out of the corner of my eye to see more white fabric that forms the slope of the top of a tent. Wooden legs—rows of tables—fill my vision, covering much of the space.
I’m in the nursery tent out on Zeki’s plantation, I’d bet my life on it. 
I pause, okay, poor choice of words.
The sun makes the thin, white fabric too bright, and I close my eye again.
Who knows if Harpoc will guess who my abductors are and check here first. I pray he does, but in the meantime, I need a plan. 
I crack open my eye again to see what else I can see, something that might help my cause. I jump.
The kid from before, the insufficiently dressed one, is on his haunches, leaning over me, watching my every move. I never hear him approach. He’s stealthy. And he’s still not dressed properly.
He smiles and pulls the blanket up, under my chin.
“Thank you,” I whisper.
One friendly, among so many.
“Is she awake, Eser?” It’s lower voice guy.
Eser looks up quickly and shakes his head. 
Bless you, boy.
The pounding in my head has taken up “Painkiller” by Judas Priest, and it’s hard to think, but I force myself to focus.
“Then come help us de-stem these, boy.” 
Eser brushes a stray lock of my hair behind my ear with his small hand—it’s such an intimate gesture, and I don’t know what to make of it coming from him—then stands and steps around me, disappearing.
Survival. Keep your head down and stay invisible as much as possible. The boy and I understand each other.
I’m not sure how many men are behind me, not that it matters hog-tied like I am, but I can pick out at least five distinct voices. 
Plan, Pell. Form a plan.
Right.
There’s a hose not far away, three stacks of empty, green-plastic plant pots, lots of juvenile weed just tall enough so I can see it peeking over the tabletops, spades, trowels, and other usual gardening supplies. Nothing inspires me.
I continue scanning, keeping movement to a minimum. 
One of the tent’s fabric panels has come undone at the bottom, from between two of the wood supports, and it flaps in the breeze. It’s inconveniently behind one of the tables that ring the perimeter of the tent, and probably why no one’s done anything about it. 
It’s not far, fifteen feet maybe. 
I can make it, I know I can. I’ll disappear into the weed once I do and make tracks.
It’s half-baked, but I don’t care. I need to move. Now.
Before I can overthink myself out of it, I pull my knees up and prepare to roll up on them.
“Eser, go check on her again. She should have woken by now,” lower voice guy says.
Time’s up.
I roll up on my legs and the pounding in my head nearly stops me in my tracks, but I press on and I’m on my feet a second later, running.
“Stop her,” Mazhar shouts.
I wish I’d played softball because I’m no base hitter, sliding awkwardly as I am, but I’m under the table, then halfway under the flapping fabric, then ducking beneath and pushing myself up by my arms from behind.
“Damn it, Eser, get out of the way,” one man yells.
Eser, my hero.
Oh, my pounding head, it’s making my stomach turn, but I do my best to ignore it, and I’m running hard, for the weed. Until I step on a sharp rock I didn’t see in my haze.
Shit! Oh, that bitch hurts, but I keep moving, hobble running.
Gold eye, silver eye.
I can do this.
I keep telling myself that, until Zeki steps from between plants, into my path. 
I can’t stop in time, and I barrel right into him, sending us both sprawling.
But I’m not done fighting. 
I scramble to get up again, but my head really isn’t on board with my hairbrained plan anymore. I’m going to puke.
Keep going, Pell, my inner voice shouts.
Zeki rights himself to sitting, then reaches over and grabs me by the forearm with a vise-like grip, pulling me up. 
My stomach rebels all over the front of the guy, and he throws me to the ground, profane words filling my ears. 
I’m not one bit sorry as I collapse, panting, then wipe my mouth on a shoulder. 
Mazhar and two other guys, plus Eser, surround us a minute later, their eyes wide as they take in the scene.
I give Eser a secret wink while Mazhar drags me up to standing, taking care to avoid the sick, which I’ve managed to leave entirely on his boss and the ground—I’m pretty proud of myself, I couldn’t have aimed better if I’d tried. 
Eser grins, then shrinks back between the men while he schools his expression.
“Get her back to the tent while I go change,” Zeki says in a gruff voice, waving his puked-on arms. 
But Eser’s now-clenched jaw and unwillingness to meet my eyes, tell me no good will come of whatever’s about to go down. 

Chapter Thirty-Five





I’m not sure what’s worse, an angry sphinx, a pissed harpy, or Zeki in his current mood.
He’s changed into an old, puke-green get up, but that fire-breathing dragon sticking above the coat’s collar gives me the willies—if he so much as gets a lighter out, I’ll freak. 
That, combined with the pinched expression on his face, and him continually flexing his fist as he stares me down where he stands, legs spread slightly, braced, keeps my heart pounding. 
Because my arms are tied to the arms of a metal chair, inside the nursery tent, and I’m not going anywhere.
Gold eye, silver eye.
A little help here, Harpoc.
His cronies circle me, like I’m a threat to run again. Morons.
Thank goodness the drummer in my head finishes his solo.
Eser cowers behind them, waiting to be commanded to do Zeki’s bidding. I feel sorry for the kid and wonder how he got wrapped up with these guys. Maybe he’s been abducted, like me, because it’s clear no one here holds any paternal feelings for him. My heart goes out to the boy.
“I don’t believe in striking a woman on the face, but there are other ways to procure cooperation.”
Careful, Pell. Watch your mouth, don’t make him angrier.
I swallow. “You could try asking nicely.” I force a smile.
Pell, don’t be a smart ass.
Zeki crosses his arms and leans back.
I’ve seen Harpoc make that same move a time or two, and he looks sexy-tough. Zeki, definitely not, not that it matters.
He studies me, clearly considering his next words. “The King of Roses has made my life… difficult.”
I let a corner of my mouth rise. Join the club.
He frowns, clearly thinking I think it’s funny.
I want to reply, “And abducting me will make things better?”
Pell, don’t.
“I intend to repay his generosity.” His mouth hitches up.
My breathing labors, but I hide it, pasting on a plastic smile. What is it about me that attracts brutes like this?
“Would you like to know how?” One eyebrow rises. He thinks he’s brilliant.
“Curiosity’s killing me.” I can’t help the sarcasm that sneaks in.
Pell, stop. 
I try to look bored, turning an arm beneath my bonds and running a finger across my nails.
Mazhar and another of the goons shift, and I know I’m pissing them off. Good. I don’t care if they’re used to being treated like kingpins; I’ve got standards. And I’ve got Harpoc, when he finally gets his sexy little ass here.
God, get the lead out.
Zeki nods. Mazhar grabs more rope from one of the nearby tables and joins another goon who steps forward. As one, they stride over to me, and I tense.
It’s hard to play it cool when you’ve got two gorillas breathing on you, and my shoulders go tight. I’ve been cold with just my hoodie and sweats, but not anymore, not with adrenaline coursing through my veins. 
Zeki laughs. “Not so free with your words, I see.”
He nods and the pair stoop and reach for my legs, which I quickly wrap around the chair.
But the next thing I feel is the chair going over and my head smacks the hard ground. It’s all the distraction they need to grab my knees. Gorilla #1, aka Mazhar, secures one of my legs to the chair while Gorilla #2 squats and, using his shoulder, forces my other leg straight, up in the air where he hugs it. 
I fight, but he’s practically sitting on me, not to mention stronger and I’ve got nothing. 
Figures, it’s my wounded foot up in the air, too.
Eser looks away, lip quivering, and my limbs start to shake.
Zeki smiles at that, then nods at Mazhar who strides back to that damn table and retrieves what looks like a paint stirrer stick, then returns, stopping beside my upraised foot.
I grip the arms of the chair beneath the rope to still them, but there’s no hiding my distress.
“So,” I croak, “how do you intend to repay the King of Rose’s generosity?”
Zeki laughs. “I see I’ve created a willing listener. Very good.”
I’d like to “very good” him. 
Gold eye, silver eye. Harpoc where are you?
“You’re a bit plain.” Zeki watches for my reaction.
He’s not telling me anything new. Only Harpoc has ever enthused at what he calls my “beauty,” and I don’t react. It doesn’t hurt anymore, I’ve conditioned myself.
Zeki’s lips press tight. It’s clearly not the reaction he’s hoping for.
Ass.
He steps toward me, glancing at my upraised appendage. I know exactly when he spots the wound from earlier because he raises his chin. “I think the king would appreciate some decoration on his ‘weakness.’”
I force a smile. “Actually, I think he fancies me just the way I am.” I wag my brows.
Two of his thugs snicker.
“No, no. He definitely deserves better.” He raises an eyebrow.
My heart races all out. “What kind of decoration are you considering adding?”
“Curiosity killing you?” He throws my smartass words from earlier, back at me. Fair enough. I’ll woman up.
His thugs chuckle.
Eser bites his lip and holds himself.
“Actually, no,” I say.
“That’s a pity.” Turning to the boy, he says, “Eser, come here.” 
The kid straightens and pulls his shoulders back, then strides between the goons—I refuse to call them men. 
Zeki places a hand on the boy’s shoulder, and I note the boy’s grimace even though Zeki isn’t squeezing. “I thought we’d make you and the boy match.” He smiles as he pats Eser, “Show the lady what I envision.”
Eser’s shoulders slump as he takes a seat beside me on the dirt, then raises a foot. His sole is full of stripes. 
Fury blinds all reason, and I somehow kick free, smashing Gorilla #2 in the nose. He drops my leg in an instant and grabs his nose to staunch the free-flowing blood. Good. I hope I broke it. 
Pell, mind your temper. 
No freaking way! 
 “Kadir.” Zeki’s calm as Gorilla #3 approaches. He frowns at Gorilla #2’s moaning as the goon scuttles away. 
I kick Gorilla #3, landing several of my strikes on his seeking hands and dodging shins, but my leg tires and the guy grabs it at last, then repositions it, hugging it like the last monster to keep it immobile.
I pant, I’m not sorry, but I stop short when Eser closes his eyes and, hands trembling, takes the stirrer stick from Mazhar.
My knuckles turn white. They can’t mean to make a boy…
Harpoc!
I need to stall. He’s coming, I know he is.
I clear my throat. “The King of Roses did what he promised.”
Eser stops and looks between me and Zeki.
“And what exactly do you think that is?” the overlord asks, looking down at me.
“He kept your secret.” I pray Zeki’s isn’t one of the leaked secrets Harpoc mentioned. “No one knows your operation is illegal. You’ve no doubt made loads of money. Better half of the profits than none at all.”
Zeki laughs. 
But I’m not done. “You didn’t have to tell him your secret. It’s yourself you should blame, not the King of Roses. You should have known secrecy comes at a steep price.”
Zeki’s smile turns into a frown.
Way to go, Pell.
“As you would know…” He raises a brow. “… the king doesn’t quote a price up front. He forced me to divulge my secret first, before telling me what it would cost, so if I chose not to go through with it, he’d tell all.” 
I stiffen. His confession takes me off guard.
He forces a laugh. “It seems you don’t know him as well as I presumed.”
Zeki’s a monster, no way am I taking his word for it. I don’t agree at all with what Harpoc does, but he’s not responsible for what his “clients” do after the fact—yes, I’ve learned a thing or two about responsibility. So I don’t blame Harpoc for my predicament, aka Zeki’s actions. I just wonder how he’ll deal with his scummy clients when he finally tracks me down, because it better be good, or I will go ballistic on him.
Zeki’s nod toward Eser refocuses my attention in an instant and the boy shuffles toward me, stopping before Gorilla #3 who’s still kneeling, keeping my leg still. 
Eser stares at the ground, refusing to meet my eyes, clearly fearing I’m going to blame him for what Zeki’s about to make him do. 
Harpoc! Damn it, man!
“I don’t blame you, Eser. It’s not your fault.” I’ve no doubt he’ll receive my stripes if he doesn’t do this. Shit, they might even make me deliver them on the boy, sick bastards.
Eser looks up, a mixture of guilt and hope pooling in his eyes.
“Enough talking. Eser, you know what you need to do. Let’s start with ten stripes.”
He inhales sharply. He knows what this feels like and no doubt no one’s held back on him. His shoulders slump, but he nods, then looks back at me as he raises the stick and brings it down.
Shit my wound stings! I manage to bite back the pain and keep my features neutral, for Eser.
“You can do better than that, boy.” Zeki’s tone is gentle, but no one misses the underlying threat.
This sick bastard deserves to die; they all do, standing here condoning this.
The corner of Eser’s eyes fill, and I can tell he’s trying to swallow down tears as he brings the stick up, then smashes it on the sole of my foot again.
I can’t help but close my eyes this time, swallowing a yip.
“Do you need to feel it, to try harder, boy?”
Eser shakes his head and brings the stick up again. 
Where’s Harpoc? How long will this continue?

Chapter Thirty-Six





I can’t hold in a grunt as Eser brings the stick down again, harder this time, as tears run freely down his cheeks.
Damn it, Harpoc! You told me you’re a god, act like one!
It’s broad daylight, the white fabric of the tent makes it even brighter, and I close my eyes and clench my jaw, preparing for the next strike.
I groan as it lands. 
For a kid, Eser’s got some strength in those scrawny arms. But I don’t blame him, we’re both just trying to survive.
Eser’s dealt four blows, and I open my eyes to see how he’s holding up, then furrow my brows. The light’s playing tricks on me because I swear I see dark shadows beginning to coalesce around the perimeter of the structure. 
I squeeze my eyes shut, then open them again as the next blow lands. I can’t help but cry out. 
Damn, that hurts! 
I’m never getting a foot massage; no one’s ever touching my feet again.
I scan the perimeter again, hoping. 
Please, be Harpoc.
The shadows grow thicker, then turn inky black, swirling fast and faster around me.
“Don’t hurt the boy!” It’s all I can get out before the sound of grown men screaming fills the void my cries leave.
Harpoc’s essence… I guess that’s what you call it… fills my vision. He’s everywhere, and I’m blind in the pitch-blackness despite it being daytime. 
More shrieking harmonizes with things crashing, glass shattering, and something else smashing. 
I’m worried about the boy as the sounds of destruction and agony go on and on. I pray Harpoc heard me.
Pained cries finally die.
The darkness ebbs as Harpoc’s dark swirls gather as if a giant vacuum sucks them up, and he steps out.
Our eyes lock, and I give him a small smile. My conquering hero.
Harpoc’s on the ground beside me in an instant and my bonds vanish in the next, then he’s pulling me up and into his arms and hugging me tight, panting. No doubt reassuring himself as much as me, judging by the fierceness of his hug.
Only now do I let tears come, releasing the terror I feel. 
Harpoc rocks me in his lap, his arms never easing until I push back after a minute and spot Eser watching us. His eyes are wide where he still cowers, as small as he can make himself, not far away.
I swipe at my cheeks and motion him forward. “It’s okay, Eser.”
The sun shines down on us, the tent is gone. It looks like what I envision a war zone to resemble with unrecognizable shrapnel and red everywhere. There’s a stench that turns my stomach, and it’s not weed. 
“Where’d the gorillas go?” I rub my aching wrists as Eser shuffles to a skittish stop beside us, his eyes taking in every inch of Harpoc.
“They won’t bother us again.” It’s all Harpoc says, but his scowl as he sees me rub my arms tells me he’s pissed at my treatment.
“King of Roses,” I say because I don’t know if we’re breaking cover. “I’d like you to meet Eser. He… helped me.”
Eser stiffens.
“Looked like he was doing anything but,” Harpoc replies, a growl in his voice.
The boy bites his lip, then, staring at the ground, says, “I’m… I’m sorry, lady.” It’s the first words I’ve heard out of him.
My heart breaks. “Eser, it’s not your fault.” 
He looks over at me, eyebrow raised. 
I glance at Harpoc. “Eser, don’t take responsibility for things that aren’t your choice.”
Harpoc tilts his head and I can practically hear him say, “Grasshopper is learning.”
 Eser gives me a conflicted look.
“Would you have struck me if Zeki hadn’t forced you to?”
“No. Never. I would never hurt you, lady.” Determination shines in his eyes.
I smile. “I know.”
“Don’t feel bad, then. He would have beaten you.”
Eser slowly nods as if he doesn’t want to agree, then keeps glancing between me and the ground, clearly having a hard time accepting that I’m not mad at him.
A horrific thought strikes me, and I have to know. “King of Roses, did you know they abducted Eser?”
“They didn’t.” His voice is firm.
My eyes go wide.
“His father traded him for pot. To support his habit.”
My mouth drops open.
“You knew?” I push against his chest, wanting nothing to do with someone who would not only condone such a secret, but hide it. 
Margo, now this? Betrayal and disgust wash over me, and I try to scramble away, but Harpoc holds me in place. 
“How could you agree to hide such a secret? How could you?” 
“It wasn’t a secret.” Harpoc tenses, no doubt scorched by the fury in my eyes.
I do a double take, and my voice rises. “How could it not be a secret?”
“It’s true, miss.” Eser squats, still eyeing Harpoc. 
“You think your upbringing was hard, Pell.” Harpoc bobs his chin at the boy.
My skin tingles. I can’t get my brain around it. His father sold him for pot, and everybody knew it? 
My parents gave me away… because they loved me—it’s what I always tell myself—not to pay for a habit they couldn’t afford, and not to some abuser.
“While I don’t approve, it’s better than him becoming a child soldier, begging, or being trafficked for pornography by the mafia.”
I shake my head. I can’t believe what I’m hearing. Stories like that should only be on the news, not real. 
“So what happens to him now?”
“Eser, how would you like to go back to your family?” Harpoc asks.
A smile breeches the boy’s face.
“No, you can’t send him back,” I protest. “He’ll just end up someplace worse.”
Eser’s shoulder’s slump, telling me he knows the truth of it.
Harpoc smiles, then holds up a finger and I furrow my brow.
“Eser, if I could hide you from your father, how would you like to go home?”
That gets the boy’s attention and his eyes open wider. “Could you bring my brother and sister back, too?”
My stomach tenses. His father’s a wretch. Selling other children, too? Castrate the bastard. 
Harpoc laughs. “Yes, and I’ll do you one better, I’ll protect your younger siblings from him, too… and no one will ever know. How would that be?”
Eser beams. 
But I hold up a hand. “You’re making a deal with him. What are you going to charge?”
Harpoc gazes into my eyes. “What should I charge for keeping him and his siblings secret from their father?”
My nostrils flare. “Not a damn thing.”
Harpoc makes like he’s thinking on it, tapping his lips and tipping his head this way and that. He thinks he’s being cute. 
He’s anything but in my book, and I growl, my anger at him and what he allows, getting the better of me.
That stops him in an instant. “I wasn’t going to charge him.”
His long look tells me he knows there’s something more I’m not saying. He’s right. But unlike him, it won’t remain a secret as soon as I figure out what to do about it.
Eser’s trying to play it cool, but he’s practically jumping up and down.
“Before we take him home, Pell, let’s have a look at your foot,” Harpoc says, and guilt again overwhelms the boy.
“Eser, stop. Don’t feel guilty,” I say.
Harpoc takes my foot and frowns when he gets a good look. Between dirt, blood from the rock piercing it earlier, and stripes from that damn stick, it’s a lovely mess. 
I wince when he covers my sole with his hand.
Eser’s eyes pivot between me and Harpoc, watching intently as I feel the tingling of Harpoc’s healing penetrate, then soothe my wounds until there’s no pain left.
He does the same to my wrists.
“Better?” he asks a minute later as he removes his hand and inspects his work.
I move my wrists and wiggle my toes, examining all. “I suppose it’ll do.”
Eser laughs. Harpoc forces a chuckle.
“What about the boy?” I ask.
The boy looks at me, then at the ground, and I can’t read him, but he shakes his head. Maybe it’s the closeness that scares him, I don’t know, but at least his stripes aren’t raw.
“Wear them with pride,” Harpoc says.
Eser looks up with furrowed brows.
“You were stronger than the bad men, never forget that.” 
Understanding dawns and Eser nods, then smiles.
“You’re a strong boy,” I add.
Eser doesn’t reply, but squares his shoulders.
I hope this experience has made him stronger because his life will still be hard, no doubt.
“Shall we then?” Harpoc asks, pulling me up to standing.
“Do you know where his family lives?”
“I do. We’ll tripskip since there’s three of us.”
Eser’s forehead wrinkles. 
“I threw up one of my first times tripskipping, Eser.”
The boy bites his lip. 
“You’re not helping.” Harpoc eyes me.
“It’s the wildest thing you’ve ever felt, but it only lasts a couple seconds.”
Eser shuffles his feet.
Harpoc clears his throat. Loudly. “And on that note.”
I step into Harpoc’s side and draw an arm around his waist. After a long look, Eser mirrors me on Harpoc’s other side, and I wrap my arm around Eser’s.
“There’s one thing I need to do before we go,” Harpoc says. 
I glance up in time to see him gaze across the debris field, then nod.
Flames ignite. Everywhere. As far as I can see.
Then everything goes dark and disorientation grabs me.
Eser’s no worse for wear when we reappear. In fact, he practically skips the instant we set down.
I swallow. Hard. I can’t let a little kid best me.
Harpoc chuckles.
We drop Eser and his elder siblings off at home to many tears and much rejoicing from their mother. Their father is stoned out of his mind.
Harpoc reassures me that the bastard will never again know of the existence of his children, and when I press about how that’s possible, all he says is, “You have to sense someone, to know they exist.”
It’s not an answer, surprise, surprise, but what do I expect from the god of secrets.
“By the way, how did you find me?” I ask, readying to head wherever we’re going next.
He gives me a long look and a myriad of emotions—happiness, anxiety, confusion, and more—war across his face. There’s such variety and diversity to them that I can’t make heads or tails of what it means, before he looks away.
Damn it, Harpoc, it’s a simple question.
“Ready to visit King Midas?” he says, at length, like that last discussion is over.
“No.” Frustration laces my words.

Chapter Thirty-Seven





At this moment, I can care less about King Midas. I’m ready to throttle Harpoc, damn god of secrets.
It’s a f-ing simple question, how did you find me?
Hurt wars with reason. 
Between this and my pent-up frustration over what he does, I only barely leash my irritation. I’d hoped, at a minimum after yesterday, there’d be no more secrets. 
Clearly, I’m wrong. Trust is a one-way street, it seems.
“Perhaps we should rest for the remainder of the day,” he says, changing course.
I level a look at him.
“Yes, rest. Definitely.” He smiles.
I cross my arms, tapping my fingers against one.
“Will you at least let me take you to lodgings?” He looks earnest and hopeful, and even though I’m thoroughly pissed at him, it’s hard to resist his charm.
Suck. Ker… I hear my inner self yell.
I know, I know, so shoot me.
“Fine,” I finally reply, lacing it with more than a hint of pissiness.
He grimaces. At least he realizes things are not cool with me. I feel like a bully, but at this moment I’m too ticked to care. 
Imagine, little ol’ me bullying a god. The thought nearly makes me laugh and break my badassiness—yes, a new word. But I won’t. Harpoc needs to learn. I drown all levity. 
“Fly or tripskip?” 
When I give him another long look, arms still crossed, he says, “Yes, fly. Definitely.”
I surrender to his arms without a word, and for the next hour I hear only the sounds of travel, well that and another damn flock of geese gives us grief, but Harpoc shows them the ferocity of a god and they buzz off—or hiss off, I should say—several feathers shorter. 
Serves ’em right.
Funny enough, I’ve no inclination to play with the buckles on his duster as I sit, arms still crossed, in his arms. I suppose I look a bit silly trying to be tough in bare feet and sweats, but it doesn’t seem to matter because I’m clearly communicating.
Harpoc finally sets us down on the far side of a huge parking lot, and I take in the sight of Morrion Hotel. 
The place looks like someone’s interpretation of a landlocked cruise ship with all the rooms stacked, making up an overlarge version of that funnel tower that sticks up above everything.
From the immaculately manicured shrubs we pass as we walk up the drive, I presume it’s as lovely as the other two hotels we’ve stayed in.
A periwinkle-blue uniformed man glances at my feet but refrains from comment as he opens the door for us, and my attention is immediately drawn to the honking crystal chandelier. It’s a wonder it doesn’t rip the floor above from its moorings.
Harpoc heads for the check-in desk, and I hurry to keep up because we… need an intervention.
“We’d like a room for one night,” he says, smiling at the similarly uniformed woman behind the desk. 
I’m struck by her arresting steel-gray eyes. Against her olive skin and jet-black hair, they’re beautiful. What is it with me and that complexion palate?
“We’d like two double beds, please,” I add, grabbing my navy hoodie’s strings and running them through my hands.
A corner of Harpoc’s mouth turns up as he glances over at me. The leather of his duster squeaks against the counter as he leans in.
“Oh, certainly. Let me see what we have.” She takes to tapping on the computer’s keys and after a minute, furrows her brow then starts tapping all the harder, as if that’s sure to dig up something she misses in her first pass. 
I know what’s coming before she looks up a couple minutes later. Sure Harpoc’s magic can’t manipulate their system.
“I’m so sorry, but all of our rooms with double beds are sold out. May I offer you one with a foldout couch instead?”
Elbows on the counter, I give Harpoc a pointed frown.
He turns his hands palms up and shrugs, to which I roll my eyes, making sure he sees me.
“One king will be fine then,” I say, relenting.
A god fits in only a king-size bed. I laugh to myself, what’s that say about… size of other parts? 
That’s a good one, Pell. My inner voice is enjoying my pissiness.
Several minutes later, Harpoc holds the door to our room open for me, and I stride in to find the promised king-size bed against a pale-lilac wall that’s inlaid with contrasting panels. 
I step on the plush lavender rug that extends around the bed and dig my toes in the pile.
It’s not as nice as the previous two, but it’ll do.
Listen to me, no don’t. Put me in a couple nice rooms, and I become a snob. It’s a far cry from my hovel in Mycenae. Harpoc’s shown me a few of the finer things in life and it’s already corrupting me.
I inhale the scent of fresh lilacs that wafts about the room from a fresh bouquet that sits on one of the nightstands, and I can’t help but let my blood pressure fall.
Harpoc’s shed his coat and is leaning back in the desk’s chair on its back legs, stocking feet on the desk, watching me inspect the room. A bemused smile plays on his lips, and my fury lessens a couple degrees. 
“Better be careful, you could fall over backward,” I caution.
“Have you ever?” His voice is filled with teasing.
I laugh. “Truthfully? No.”
“Check out the bathroom.”
I do as I’m told and can’t stop my hand flying to my chest the instant I pop my head around the corner. “How?”
My fury dims a few more degrees.
Harpoc chuckles in the other room.
Folded neatly on the white-patterned granite counter are my jacket in pristine condition, clean cargo pants, the pockets of which still house rubber gloves and my phone, the screen of which is whole. My like-new boots sit on the white marble floor below.
I snatch up my phone and hit Photos, then check the most recent pics. Nope, still not one of those infamous scrolls. I’ve no doubt at all who caused that, either him or his secret magic, which I really don’t like.
Cradling my phone in my hands, I saunter back out. “Thank you.”
He bobs his head. “My pleasure.” 
Dropping his feet to the floor, he stands and strides over to me and looks into my eyes. “I’m sorry.”
For what?
He’s sincere; there’s no mistaking it in his beautiful eyes, and he waits for me to nod before continuing, even though I’m not sure what he’s apologizing for, despite me having a wish list full of things.
“Pell, when I got back to the room with coffee and you weren’t there…” I see a mix of emotions again at war on his face. “I feared you’d left.”
Ah, kidnapping. I furrow my brow. 
“I thought perhaps I’d revealed too much and scared you away.” He stuffs his hands in his pockets, and I realize he’s uneasy—he worries that he overshared. 
I only barely stop myself from rolling my eyes, and I force levity I don’t feel. “You’re too big and bad for me, a mere mortal?” 
He chuckles. “You’re hardly that.” 
But the next instant, his eyes go wide, like he says something he shouldn’t. He blinks his surprise away, and I’m again left wondering. It’s getting really, really old.
 “I spent time beating myself up before noticing dirt on the carpet by the coffee table. Then I spotted an impression in the pile of the rug that could have been someone laying down. Considering you hadn’t that I knew of, it started me worrying.”
“Observant aren’t you?”
He frowns, like he holds himself responsible for missing it. “When you do what I do, you pick up on things like that.”
If only he wouldn’t. 
But his mood’s shifting, I can feel it, and not for the better.
“I asked downstairs if anyone had seen you, but no one had, which really distressed me because if you’d left, you would have walked out the front door and grabbed a cab.”
He turns and starts pacing, and I realize how worked up he still is about the whole sordid mess. He cares. My heart warms a few degrees. He cares deeply, for me.
“I inquired after Zeki, and despite his shift just ending, no one had seen him.”
I take a deep breath to calm my rising emotions. “So you deduced it was Zeki and figured he’d take me to his plantation.”
He nods. “While it’s not very bright, it’s logical.” His mouth is in a line. “I took Zeki for granted and didn’t treat him as the threat I should have.”
He’s mad at himself, it’s clear, and I have to let part of my pissiness go.
I grab his hand and sit us down on the end of the bed. “None of your clients have ever done something like that after… how’d you put it, ‘they knew you were serious’?” 
He scowls at my use of his own words, against him.
I chuckle.
“I promised I wouldn’t let anything happen to you.”
“I’m sure you control many things. This just isn’t one.”
He clearly disagrees, based on his still stiff posture. 
“But you came, Harpoc. You saved me. Me and Eser, actually. You get bonus points for fixing his situation.”
I don’t know why I’m working to assuage his guilt. Maybe it’s because he helped me similarly, or maybe because not many people have ever truly valued me and he does, or maybe I’m realizing no matter how much or little power a person has, something unexpected can bite you in the butt. Even if you’re a god, it seems. 
He rolls his eyes. “You deal out ‘bonus points,’ do you?”
I shrug. “Seems so, and you’ve just earned beaucoup.”
He tilts his head like I’m crazy.
“So logic saved the day,” I say. “Hurray for logic.”
His eyes go wide, and he looks me up and down, but doesn’t reply. 
“What?”
I can see the wheels turning, weighing potential words like they’re going to change things. But he finally closes his eyes and shakes his head.
Not again.
“Damn it, Harpoc, talk to me.” 

Chapter Thirty-Eight





I stretch. The couch, where I spend the night is better than the lumpy bed in my hovel motel room. 
Even though I don’t want them to, my eyes linger on Harpoc’s bare, sculpted, tattooed chest that rises and falls evenly where he still sleeps, askew on the king size bed across the room. 
You’re a frustrating, frustrating god, I think to myself, although my temper doesn’t flare. I’m past that, though I’m in no way accepting what he does, because I’m not.
He’s the god of secrets, and he’s hiding so many of them. Especially from me, based on the number of times he refuses to tell me what he’s thinking. 
He doesn’t trust me, even after I showed him I trust him. Nope, all that got me was the revelation that he facilitates secrets that have hurt my best friend and allowed political crooks to get away with murder. I can’t do this.
I clear my throat, shaking it off. 
Once I’m done doing whatever I have to for King Midas today—that thought sends a shiver through my gut—I’ll have Harpoc drop me back off in Mycenae, I’ll collect my stuff, and regroup in earnest. 
Maybe I’ll even pay Jude a visit at the hospital, assuming he’s still there. I stop. I dislike most of the guys on the dig, one overbearing monster in particular, but Jude’s an exception. He’s reasonable and not swayed by snot-nosed asses. 
Emotion I’m not expecting wells up at the thought of Jude and his condition when I last saw him, and I swallow it back down, then brush auburn locks behind my ear.
There’s too much to think about concerning my future this early in the morning. 
I head to the bathroom and dress in my newly clean clothes. Boots in hand, I stop to write Harpoc a note, then slip out the door, doing my best to close it quietly, which is damn near impossible with the weight of the thing. I slide down the wallpapered wall outside and sit on the stubby hall carpet to put on my footwear. 
Quickly locating the dining room, I grab a coffee, charging it to the room, which I’m told is an option—heck yeah—then find a cozy, screened off nook, set my coffee on the shortish circular table between mine and another chair, and pull out my phone. 
As a rule, I dislike reading news on the ant-size screen but seeing as I don’t have my computer I nestle down in the overstuffed lime-green armchair and make do, pulling up the usual sites.
As I scroll, I sip on the amazing brew. If nothing else, Harpoc’s right about where to find amazing coffee. 
Surprise, surprise, not much has changed in the three days I haven’t been able to read the news. That political scandal I’ve been diligently following is nearly dead, only a few lingering comments still fill a random article or two, and justice has not been meted out as far as I’m concerned.
I guess Harpoc won. Bitterness fills me.
Charges of Abuse Alleged at St. Joseph Group Home.
The headline grabs my attention, and I set my coffee down, my hand trembling.
I draw a hand over my mouth as I read. Margo. She’s spoken out. She’s charging Mr. Foutsey with rape and sexual assault. 
I cheer inwardly, but wonder what’s made her finally speak up.
Unfortunately, no others are coming forward so Foutsey’s claiming she’s making it up. 
No surprise there, ya pervert.
A wave of sadness washes over me as I wonder what she might do if I show up to help her. We haven’t spoken since she found out I narked despite her wishes.
I wipe away a stray tear that’s welled up.
Political scandals, drug lords, riddles, disobedient underlings in Zephyr’s case, corrupt rulers if I’m understanding right in Midas’s, now this? 
I shake my head. There’s so much ugliness in the world, and secrets are at the heart of so much of it.
“There you are.” Harpoc smiles like he’s a proud detective whose used cunning and deduction to sleuth me out.
I bob my head, raising my cup. “Morning.”
“Thank you for leaving a note telling me where you are so I wouldn’t think you’d been abducted again.” A corner of his mouth hitches.
I take a sip. “Welcome.”
I have no desire to revisit the argument of last night. 
“May I?” he asks, holding two coffees.
“Please.” Harpoc sits and slides the spare beverage toward me. “Oh, thank you. That’s sweet of you.”
He’s trying. While there’s no way he yet understands what’s driving me nuts, I can still be civil.
“Are you okay, Pell?” he asks, as he sits in the opposite, bright purple chair. As a super sleuth he no doubt also detects the tears I just shed because his eyebrows draw together.
It’s sweet that he’s concerned, but still.
“I’ve got something in my eye,” I say. He has secrets, so do I.
We both take another sip of coffee, bridging the uncomfortable silence between us.
My mind wanders back to Margo and my original question of why is she pursuing this now? Harpoc probably knows. Although if he told me true, it’s got to be one of his “lieutenants” who has handled her secret because she’s like me, not exactly “powerful.”
“Tell me what you’re thinking,” Harpoc says, setting his cup down on the table. 
I nearly snort out a mouthful of coffee. That’s rich coming from him. “Who says I’m thinking anything?”
He chuckles. “Because when you think, you turn away slightly and tap your foot.”
“I do?” 
He laughs. “You do. What’s more, if you’re enjoying our conversation, your feet point toward me. If not, you point them anywhere else.”
I let my mouth drop open. “I do not.”
He smiles. “You do.”
I note my posture, then glance quickly at my feet. My shoulders are angled away from him just a little, and my feet point at the privacy screen, nowhere near where he sits.
What do I even say to that? He’s a regular gumshoe.
I straighten my feet, pointing them at him, making us both laugh because we both know that I’ll forget in a second, and they’ll give me away again.
“Fine, I’m thinking about Margo.” I give him the lowlights of my relationship with her and her unfortunate past. “She went through all that, I endured it with her, so I know. Foutsey’s full of shit,” I say, in conclusion.
 He sits quietly, listening intently as I lay everything out.
I sigh. “Harpoc, you told me you and your empire keep secrets, ensuring they’re forever hidden.” I look at my coffee cup, held in my hands in my lap, summoning calm to my raging thoughts. “What role did you have in keeping what happened to Margo quiet?” Aka what role did you have in keeping her abuser in power at the group home so he could do it again and again to others? I think it, but don’t give my inflammatory thoughts voice.
Harpoc starts tapping a finger against his lips and more than once he opens his mouth as if to say something, then shuts it again.
He’s considering, that’s encouraging, because he hasn’t shot me down like the first time at Atitamos’s when I voiced my feelings about secrets and the damage they inflict. I was right then, I’m right now.
At length, his hand falls away from his mouth. “In a case like this, the secret can’t be hidden.”
“Really?” My voice rises.
“By their very nature, acts such as rape and incest, cannot be sealed.”
“They can’t?”
He shakes his head. “When there is more than one party to a secret, all parties must be in agreement or there can be no sealing of the secret.”
I give him a long look. I’d hoped he’d just say secrets like that can’t be sealed because they’re despicable.
He continues. “Imagine what would happen if you tried to hide a secret and not everyone wanted it kept. It would be a fool’s errand to even attempt to seal it.” 
“Are you saying you’d seal a secret like that if all parties agreed? Is it just a practical matter for you?” My voice is rising.
A fierceness fills his tone. “The empire would never seal a secret like that as a matter of principle. I find what Foutsey did utterly despicable, and I hope he pays for what he did to your friend.” 
I look into his eyes. There’s sincerity there. 
Relief washes over me, and I exhale loudly.
I’ve been torqued at him and his secret magic for what happened to Margo, but I guess that’s not his fault. So secret magic isn’t responsible for shit like this that’s wrong in the world. 
But I’m not letting him completely off the hook because his magic has got to have something to do with crooked politicians, no way in hell it doesn’t. 
An amused expression graces Harpoc’s face as he glances at my feet.
I roll my eyes as I note my toes point directly at him.
We both chuckle at that. He has his tells; I guess I have mine, too.
“I’ve been wondering something else.”
“What’s that, my little harpy.” A corner of his mouth hitches as he picks up his coffee again.
I can’t resist smiling at the endearment, because that’s what it is, and I’m just so relieved. 
My inner voice groans.
“Zeki’s secret cost him half the earnings of his plantation. What did the sphinx, Zephyr, and Midas pay?” 
Harpoc takes another sip. “Does it matter?”
“I was just curious.”
He draws his hand up to his mouth and starts tapping a finger again. 
It’s another simple question, and I’m about to be incensed after a minute of his silence, when he says, “I will tell you only because their secrets have been… revealed.”
I grimace. Guilty as charged.
“Lady, that’s all I ever knew her by”—a softness fills his voice—“came to me because she wanted to always be able to guard that temple, and she knew if anyone ever guessed her riddle she, like other sphinxes, would have to kill herself.”
Sadness fills my heart. I get it. All I ever wanted to do was be an archeologist. “So she really was bummed the Temple of Amun no longer exists.”
He nods. “In exchange for sealing her secret, she gave me a male and a female kit from her next litter to guard my palace.”
I give him a disbelieving look. “Sphinxes had litters?”
He grins. “The offspring of the pair still provide security for me.”
My eyes go wide.
He clearly hoped I’d consider going with him to his empire at some point, but other than that one very brief mention of it, I’ve given Harpoc and his… palace zero consideration. 
I shake my head, unable to process the new information.
The sphinx is no political crook, my brain supplies a second later to my relief. She’s just a beast with a desire to live as long as possible. 
Harpoc’s telling gives me, dare I say it, an appreciation for something positive secret magic can do aside from all his parlor tricks.
“What turned her to granite? Did she disobey some edict like Lot’s wife in the Bible? Although Lot’s wife was turned into a pillar of salt, but you get my meaning.”
“I do, but I honestly don’t know what happened.”
“But you knew she’d been turned?”
“I did. Which is another reason I came so quickly when you brought her back. She was about the last being I ever expected to see alive again. It’d never happened before.”
My eyes grow large.
Harpoc grins.
“So are all sphinx statues, formerly alive?”
“You do have an active imagination.” Harpoc grins.
“What? It’s a reasonable question.”
“That I have no answer to.” He snorts. “I deal in secrets, not biology or art.”
I hold up a hand in surrender. “And the other two? What’d they pay you to keep their secrets?”
“While I’m open to answering more of your questions—” I let my mouth fall open dramatically, making Harpoc chuckle. “—we really need to address King Midas.” 
King Midas. The thought makes my stomach tense but not so much to drive away hunger. 
“Can we at least grab a quick breakfast first?” 
I try pushing aside visions of what the guy might look like by now, but my imagination wins, and I can only nibble at my falafels  because all I can see is more of Midas fallen and unconscious, wild animals mauling him, and worse. 
Carnage. Blood. Gore. 
  

Chapter Thirty-Nine





Harpoc’s earlier moodiness returns by the time we finish breakfast, but soon after, we launch, me in his arms. He’s as bad as a PMSing woman. Every time the topic of Midas comes up, he gets this way, yet he’s been in no hurry to find the golden king until now. It’s more than odd, even for him.
But I have no desire to upset him further with any of my current thoughts, so I leave him to PMS in silence as we fly the short distance, or so he says. 
I’m just glad this Midas king dude isn’t another maniacal, raging beast that can eat my ass or disembowel me. And it’s only because of this that I’m not freaking despite having no clue what we’ll face.
I’m here for you, Pell, my inner voice assures.
I roll my eyes. No kidding, Sherlock.
We’re flying over a desolate, scrub-covered plain and the sun’s shining, but the area is deserted. Behind Harpoc’s windscreen, all is quiet. I’m not even picking up ground noise like I usually do. There’s certainly no wildlife, which means this is the habitat of only silent and deadly poisonous snakes and nasty critters, the kind I deplore that bite my butt. 
An itch starts on my behind at just the thought, but I’m not going after it.
We approach a solitary, dirt mound that rises from the plain, which I eyeball to be maybe 150 feet tall and 1,000 feet in diameter. Good size, and the only feature on the flat-as-a-pancake landscape other than farmers’ fields, which circle the thing carving rectangles and triangles in the earth.
We’re practically on top of it when I pick up what sounds like whispering, and it’s not Harpoc. I strain to hear the words, but I can’t make them out until Harpoc translates, “King Midas has an ass’s ears.”
I furrow my brow as I look up at his scruffy jaw.
“Apollo and Pan were competing on Turkey’s Got Talent.” A corner of Harpoc’s mouth hitches.
I snort.
“Tmolus, the god of the mountain where it was held, was judge and declared Apollo the winner. Midas, who was an uninvited, spectating busybody, opened his big mouth and disagreed. Apollo was offended and retorted that Midas must have the ears of an ass and made the king’s ears such right then and there.”
“Serves him right.” I also hate busybodies.
“Midas took to wearing turbans and such to hide them, but he couldn’t hide his secret from his barber, so he swore the man to secrecy. The poor guy found it a terrible burden so one night he dug a hole and whispered the secret into it, carefully covering it up and tiptoeing away. But weeds grew on top of the spot and the moment the first breeze ruffled them, they started murmuring Midas’ secret to the whole world, as it is to this day.”
My mouth drops open. “You’re joking.”
Harpoc laughs. “Yes, I am.”
I swat at his chest. 
My inner voice practically guffaws. Did you know the word “gullible” isn’t in the dictionary, Pell?
I can’t help but snort.
“It’s the way the air comes around the mound that makes that sound. I had you going, huh?” He looks pretty proud of himself, but it beats his PMSing.
I mime a fish dangling on the end of a line, gasping for air, to which he laughs.
“Throw me back in?” 
His smile is his only answer as he sets us down before a limestone block path carved into the mound that leads to a massive set of doors. He stands me up, then does that swirly thing with his shadows making his wings disappear. 
His mood reverts along with his shadows. It’s clear as his jaw tenses and his shoulders droop as he looks up the path.
Lordy, lordy what does the god of secrets fear? My stomach twists.
The words from that scroll revisit me, “I sought the throne when it was not mine. A willing actor played a convincing oracle. The people of Phrygia were desperate, and I lent myself as a panacea in their time of need.”
“So what really happened with Midas?”
Harpoc motions me forward with a nod of his head, and I think he’s again avoiding my question, and my temper ignites, but as we walk he says, “Long ago, the Phrygian people found themselves in chaos without a king. Civil unrest grew, and the kingdom found itself on the brink of a civil war.” 
“Shit hit the fan.”
Harpoc’s only response is to pat the left breast of his duster several times, as we walk.
Odd.
“The people believed oracles were the mouthpieces of the gods, so they turned to one for guidance in appointing a new king from their midst.”
“Why’d it take them so long to get the skinny from an oracle? I mean why let things devolve that far?”
 We’re halfway up the walk and Harpoc looks over at me. “I don’t know.”
Shut up, Pell.
Well Sor. Ree. I wave my hand, motioning Harpoc to continue. 
“Midas was young, smart, and handsome, the son of a Phrygian farmer. He heard about that call for an oracle and got an idea. He sought her out, and after a few meetings and promises of food and more that would care for her every need on into the future, he bought her favor.”
“Political corruption strikes again. Solomon was right, there’s nothing new under the sun.” I sprinkle disdain in the words. 
Harpoc doesn’t reply. I’m not surprised, although he knows only part of what I think about said topic. 
The sound of our boots scuffing the hard stone echoes against the walls that rise on either side of the pathway, and I motion him on in his telling because we’re nearly to the doors and I want to hear the rest.
“Long story short, she told him to drive a wagon to a designated place and follow her lead. The oracle then appeared before the people claiming she’d heard from the gods and told them a wagon would bring them a king, who would put an end to their fighting.”
You’re joshing me. 
“While the people deliberated the oracle’s word, Midas arrived with his father and mother and stopped near the assembly, wagon and all. Desperate to stop the civil unrest, the people decided this was the person the god told them the wagon would bring, and they appointed Midas king thus putting an end to the impending civil war.”
“The con-man king.” I shake my head. “Please tell me he was at least a good king.”
Harpoc doesn’t respond because we’ve reached the hulking doors and he’s hauling one open for us. My eyes struggle to adjust as we step inside.
The door’s echoing thud off the limestone blocks as it slides back in place sets my heart pumping a bit faster. I’ve been in my share of ancient, dark, cramped spaces, but something about this space doesn’t feel right, and my spidey senses tingle. 
Maybe it’s Midas somewhere, and in a condition we don’t yet know—I swallow, hard—but I feel like something’s going to jump out and grab me.
Gold eye, silver eye.
When the rumble dissipates, it’s eerily quiet, and I’m not sure I like that any better because now I’m envisioning Silence of the Lambs where Hannibal Lecter says, “I drink your blood, I eat your flesh.” And later adds, “I ate his liver with some fava beans.”
Note to self, never watch horror movies again.
I instinctively reach for Harpoc’s hand and squeeze it tight, barely keeping fear at bay. He squeezes back, no doubt loving the skittishness that makes me lean on him. I can’t make out his expression, but if I were a betting gal…
We’ll allow dependency in a situation like this, Pell. 
Thanks for permission. I roll my eyes at myself.
Even if it is with him. My inner voice isn’t cutting him any slack. Neither am I, but still…
My eyes finally adjust to the dim that small safety lights every thirty or forty feet create down the tunnel that stretches out before us into the heart of this burial mound. At least it’s not pitch-black; I’d really freak.
When will we run into the con king? I bite my lip.
Harpoc’s no doubt seen some pretty gnarly situations in his line of work over the eons, yet he’s also dreading it. 
Don’t think about that, Pell. 
How can I not? My pitch rises.
Harpoc tugs my hand, and I feel like a five-year-old being led to the slaughter, but I move forward.
“Is the story about Midas turning everything he touches to gold, true?” He’d said the ass’s ears wasn’t.
Harpoc just gives my hand a squeeze, and we continue forward.
Nothing will attack a god, right?
The sphinx and harpy did, Pell.
You’re not helping.  
Despite it being straight, the tunnel takes longer to navigate than I expect due more to my boogie man paranoia probably than reality, but we eventually reach a hollowed out space whose ceiling rises maybe a foot higher than Harpoc is tall. 
There’re more safety lights here, shining on a wall of hewn timbers that form a log cabin of sorts. 
“That’s his burial chamber,” Harpoc says. 
I nod. But it’s not the dry timbers, nor their earthy, mushroom smell that piques my attention. It’s the streaks of something shiny on the walls that make my stomach tense. 
To me they look random, like a preschooler went nuts with a paintbrush. An art critic might say Monet or Renoir “had at it.” 
The shiny smears start at the opening in the log cabin and randomly grace the length of the wooden wall, disappearing behind the cabin.
I drop Harpoc’s hand and follow them, holding my breath at what I’ll find, but unable to stop myself. 
There’s another tunnel that begins on the back side of the log cabin, and the shiny streaks lead down the hall identical to the one we just followed.
My mouth goes dry. The tales of Midas are true. 
My chest aches, and the lines between fantasy and reality continue to blur then blend, like they have since Harpoc entered my life just days ago.
More shiny smears. They start and stop randomly, at times shoulder height, at times lower. Others decorate a large area on the floor before continuing on, like someone dropped a paint bucket, then slipped and fell in it, smearing it everywhere.
My mind has shifted from grotesque imaginings and is running wild with images of man and metal, joined in the most unnatural of ways. 
Midas will be no elegant cyborg. 

Chapter Forty





Dread pools in my stomach as Harpoc and I continue on in silence, down the length of the tunnel and finally out the back door that’s practically coated with gold at waist height and lower. It’s propped open with a mound of gold that acts as a doorstop.
The human body can live for twenty-one days without food, but water’s a different story. At least seventy percent of our body is made of the stuff, and we can last only three, maybe four days, without it, max. 
It’s been four since I read that scroll to Jude. 
Midas—I’m no longer calling him a con because no one, no matter how bad they are, deserves this—lays slumped and barely moving beneath the rock lintel that juts out a ways adding stability to the doorway. The front door had one, too. 
The shortish overhang is wide enough to protect him from the bright sun, but does nothing to fix his dehydration, nor his equally large problem, the liquid gold that’s dripping from his fingertips. It’s formed a puddle beneath him.
Midas smiles up at us, but only half his face moves because gold freezes the other side of the taut skin. It smears his forehead and a normal looking ear—thank god—holds an eye shut, and is through at least half his hair where he’s touched himself. And it’s all over his robes and feet.
My breathing labors. He had no choice in this, I did this to him. I can’t escape responsibility this time, it’s all on me.
“God of Secrets,” he pants in Greek, forcing a smile. “Pardon my not rising. Dizzy. Can’t stand straight.” 
It’s my fault. I want to shout it because guilt is again eating me alive.
 “Had a feeling you were behind this.” Midas’s words are strained, from his parched throat.
Harpoc looks him in the eye. “It was not intentional.”
“Didn’t say it was. Too many secrets, finally got all twisted up, eh?” 
Harpoc frowns. “Not exactly.”
Midas lifts his only moving brow, not believing.
“He needs water,” I say, my voice quivering.
Harpoc shakes his head, then says to Midas, “We’ve come to ease your pain through this trial.”
“But…” I object.
Harpoc gives me a stern glare.
Midas looks at his fingers. “Serves me right for lusting after gold.” He coughs a laugh. “Too much of a good thing.”
“What do we do?” I ask.
Harpoc draws that baggie of joints Zeki gave him from his duster and hands it to me, then sheds his coat, laying it out beside Midas. 
He looks at the fallen monarch and says, “Don’t touch,” to which Midas chuckles. 
Harpoc motions for me to hand him the baggie, which I do, then he takes one out, raises it to his nose, and inhales deeply, sniffing the white wrapper. “Zeki always had the best quality.”
“Who are you?” Midas asks, staring me down. “And why did he drag you into this metal-some”—he looks at his dripping fingers as he draws out the word—“affair?” A smile mounts the part of his mouth he can still move. 
It’s macabre, but I can’t help but smile at his pun. Even in his ghastly condition, he’s joking, and it somehow frees me to talk, to explain myself, to apologize.
I step toward Midas, but a stern look from Harpoc keeps me a safe distance away. “I’m the one to blame, not the god of secrets.” I’m not sure if Midas and Harpoc are on a first name basis so I use his title. 
Midas’s mouth turns down. “You, girl?”
“I’m so sorry.” I draw a hand to my chest, clutching my jacket, and my story of the whole naïve, bumbling, whatever adjective you care to assign to the mess, comes out in a rush, as if explaining will somehow absolve me of guilt.
Midas watches gold drip from his hand throughout my telling, and when I’m done all he says is, “Greed got you, too.” 
“Greed?” I open and close my mouth.
“You deciphered my secret even though you knew what would happen.” He scowls, and his breaths come short and fast. I doubt it’s all because of his dehydration, he’s ticked. I get it. In his sandals, I’d be livid, too.
I swallow down guilt. “I read your secret to keep Jude, my friend, awake to save his life.” 
He’s watching me intently, and it’s making me fidget. “Even though you knew… you knew…” His voice rises and he coughs. “You’re greedy.”
My defenses rise in an instant. I’m not greedy, I’m caring. Harpoc called him ‘a batty old geezer’ earlier. I’m beginning to understand why. 
“To you, saving your friend’s life is… caring,” he says, but accusation flavors his words.
It’s like he’s reading my thoughts, and my stomach tenses. 
“You gave not one… care… for me.” He draws it out. 
I’m suddenly feeling overheated in my jacket, and I shrug it off. 
He’s wrong, Pell, I tell myself.
I flip my hair, then cross my arms, preparing an impenetrable defense. But I can’t do it. The longer I stand here fuming, looking over his gruesome form, the more I know he’s right, I didn’t think about what I’d do to him. I have a vivid imagination, but ain’t no way I can imagine even half of this. He’s emaciated, pasty, and covered in gold.
I close my eyes and let my head hang, the fight gone out of me. “Guilty as charged.”
“Would you have made the choice you did, if you knew what you would do to me?” He looks himself up and down.
I grab the back of my neck. “That’s an impossible question. You’re asking me to weigh one life against another.”  
He just smiles, his grotesque smile.
I sigh. “Not to sound pathetic, but I don’t have an overabundance of friends, so I like to keep the few I have around.” I wince, hesitating to finish the thought because it’ll sound really bad. “And I didn’t know you.”
“And there we have it. At least you admit it.” Midas raises a hand.
“Okay fine, I’m a greedy, heartless bitch. Feel better?” There’s fire in my words.
“A female dog?” 
“Bitch”—I air quote—“as in a woman who’s unreasonable, irrational, that kind of thing.”
“Ah, a mumpsimus. A stubborn idiot who insists on doing wrong despite knowing the outcome. If that’s what your ‘bitch’ means, then yes, I do feel a little better… bitch.” A corner of Midas’s mouth hitches up. 
I can’t help but chuckle. 
Harpoc shifts where he stands, arms crossed, finger tapping his lips. He hasn’t inserted himself and his expression remains neutral, and I’m curious to know what he’s thinking. I’m hoping his silence is just him letting me assuage my guilt through conversation with Midas. 
If so, I have to say, it’s working because now that the ugly truth is out, I feel better. I’ve owned the title “one tough bitch,” and I’m happy to add greedy and heartless to it, maybe even mumpsimus.
Harpoc kneels down on his duster. “Now that you both got that off your chests, King Midas, would you care for some relief from your pain?”
Midas looks tired. He’s used most of his remaining strength arguing with me. “Mumpsimus… bitch,” he mumbles, then nods the god of secrets on.
Harpoc puts a rolled joint to his lips, then ignites the twisted end with a thought and inhales. 
What?
He leans forward and exhales a stream of whitish smoke at Midas’s nose and mouth and the king inhales deeply.
Right. Midas’s touch would turn the joint to gold.
Harpoc repeats the act again and again until the joint is nothing, then turns to me. “Care to try?”
“Me?” I’m too surprised to say anything more coherent. “I’ve never…”
A corner of Harpoc’s mouth hitches. I told him before, did he doubt? 
I look Midas over. He seems calm and relaxed despite his situation, his chest moving slowly. He even closes his eyes.
“How much longer?” I whisper.
Harpoc shakes his head.
I hold out my hand. I want adventure, and while this isn’t at all what I expect, how can I not?
“Show me how.” I kneel beside Harpoc and he hands me a joint, which I put between my lips, and he lights it.
“Breathe in, but don’t swallow.”
I break out in a coughing fit and Harpoc laughs. 
“That’s nasty.” I can’t help but wrinkle my nose. “Why would anyone…?” I wave a hand in front of my face.
“Try it again,” he says grinning.
I do, and sputter again, less this time, but Harpoc still chuckles. 
My third and fourth and fifth tries, I actually “blow smoke”—LOL—at Midas. The thought makes me giggle. 
I’m not that big, and oh, I’m starting to feel… goooood.
“Hey.” I protest when Harpoc takes the joint. 
“Can’t have you so high you accidently touch him.” He shoos me away, then continues sedating Midas, a puff at a time.
There’s not much of anywhere to go, so I lay down in the short grass and close my eyes, enjoying the buzz. 
I must fall asleep because when I wake, Harpoc’s no longer leaning over Midas, but rather he’s sitting back on his haunches, shoulders drooping.
“When?” I ask, my heart heavy as I kneel beside Harpoc.
“A few minutes ago.”
I put a hand on his bicep, and he covers it with his.
“Sometimes I despise secret magic.” He shakes his head.

Chapter Forty-One





Surprise bites me and I turn my head.
Harpoc flares his nostrils, then runs a hand through his hair, staring at Midas’s still form.
“This… it wasn’t his fault. Technically, it wasn’t yours either. Secret magic did this.” He jerks his head.
Despite confusion, I’m not about to ask him anything when he’s as upset as he is.
He joins his hands behind his neck, teeth bared.
I don’t know which death of the three—the sphinx, Zephyr, or Midas—is worst. The sphinx and Zephyr both scared the shit out of me, but Midas cuts me at the core as I gaze at his gruesome body.
Secret magic. Harpoc’s magic.
Harpoc exhales heavily, then brings his arms down quickly, bracing them on his thighs.
I have no clue what Harpoc’s thinking, but I agree with his distaste of secret magic. Double standards, corrupt politicians, exploitation of minors, just thinking of it all, makes me grind my teeth.
If he’s this upset, maybe he’d reconsider my complaints about it. The notion stops me in my tracks. 
I’ve got nothing firm lined up after this. 
I look over at him. His shoulders droop, and he’s staring at his hands as if all of this is his doing. Maybe it is. 
“It’s not my magic.” That conversation, under those trees after we trapped Zephyr in the maze, niggles my mind. It’s what he said.
He’s a god. It has to be his magic, an integral part of who he is, doesn’t it? It’s who gods are, right? They go around blasting things and disobedient people with the stuff.
I furrow my brow as my thoughts soldier on.
If it’s not his magic, then whose is it? He said he was created at the foundation of the worlds. Is he somehow bound to it by whoever created him? And in a way that he loathes, like now? These and many more questions spring to mind, but I don’t ask.
Eyes closed, Harpoc sighs and drops his head along with his hands.
I can’t take it anymore; I have to help the poor guy. 
I place my hand on his thigh, just to let him know he’s not alone.
Harpoc’s eyes fly open, like he’s only now remembering I’m here, and he looks me up and down, then covers my hand with his, letting a corner of his mouth hitch.
I have to say, I’m still drawn to that smile, to his eyes, his sexy bod—despite his godliness and tight-lippedness—yes, new word. 
“Thank you for being here.”
I chuckle. “Where else would I be?”
I can see in his eyes the instant the “what’s next?” conversation dawns on him.
He rises, pulling me up by the hand he’s still holding, and walks several steps, before again sitting on the grassy ground, his back to Midas’s body.
I’m no mind reader, but edging aside anger and frustration, I think I see… fear’s too strong a word… maybe it’s worry, maybe plain old discomfort, because he rubs an eyebrow. 
Imagine… a god.
“So…” he says, looking out over the barren plain as he tugs a short blade of grass.
I remain silent. I want to see what he says.
“We took care of the problem.”
If that’s what he calls a pissed sphinx, that insane harpy, and… Midas. Oh, and being abducted in the process.
I nod.
“It’s been a whirlwind five days.”
“It has.” I agree.
He shifts. He’s uncomfortable, but I’m not letting him off this hook.
“It didn’t scare you away, that’s good.” He chuckles, glancing at me.
I smile. 
“It’s selfish of me to ask, and there’s so many reasons I shouldn’t, but… I was wondering…”
He’s kind of cute when he’s uncomfortable. 
“… as an archeologist, you’re a detective of sorts.”
“A regular Clouseau, that’s me.” 
He snickers. “I was wondering if you might consider…” I can hear the hesitancy, but what’s causing it I’m not sure. “… helping me find that leak I told you about.” 
“The one where ‘sealed’ secrets are getting out?”
“The very one.” He exhales, like he expected me to shoot the idea down.
I start tapping my lips with a finger, like he always does, and grin.
He chuckles.
“Before I answer, tell me this…” Hey, I’ve got him on the ropes, I plan to take advantage of it. Two can play this game.
He furrows his brow, no doubt noticing my prowess at twisting things. I barely hold in a snort. Maybe I’ve learned a thing or two from him in the last few days. 
“Will you promise to be more forthcoming?” I lay it out there. His secrecy drives me nuts. It’s who he is, and I know it’s probably asking a lot, but if I go with him, and that’s a big if, he needs to at least promise to be candid. I know I’m putting at risk the possibility of changing what he does, but there’s no way I’ll even consider going if he can’t at least promise to not keep secrets from me.
“Forthcoming?”
I roll my eyes. “Yes, like when I ask you a question, actually answer it.”
He considers for longer than he should, or maybe that’s just my story, but at length he says, “Pell, just so you know, I may not have told you everything, but never once have I lied to you. And what I withheld, I did to protect both of us.”
He hasn’t committed, so I press. “Will you promise to be more forthcoming?”
He chuckles. “My harpy.”
The way he says it, overflowing with endearment, makes my stomach flutter.
Pell, he hasn’t yet agreed.
Oh, right. Right.
“Will you?” I ask, doing my best to hold a stern, I-mean-business expression.
He looks into my eyes as he draws a hand up, then cradles my jaw.
Butterflies launch in my stomach.
He leans in. “I will,” he says, grinning, then brushes his lips against mine.
They shouldn’t, but my lips eagerly meet his. 
Pell… my inner voice whines. 
I don’t care, because a girl’s got needs beyond just defending justice, as important as that is.
But satisfying your needs, with him? My inner minion won’t shut up.
Harpoc slides closer and draws me onto his lap, into his arms, deepening the kiss. 
My inner voice just harrumphs but is finally quiet.
Good, because cradled as I am against his firm chest, a sense of peace that’s fulfilling and satisfying, that’s new and strange in this moment, but I sense could easily become old and familiar, in a way that feels, dare I think it, like home, beckons me.
My heart races as his tongue brushes my lips and I open to him, drawing my hands behind his neck. 
He moans as my tongue dances with his, then he’s diving deeper, devouring like hunger’s driving him. 
I run a hand through his soft onyx locks and wish his wings would materialize so I can touch them like I did in flight a day or two ago. To make him moan some more.
But then he’s drawing back, panting. “Not here,” he gasps, desire still filling his eyes. But his wicked grin tells me he’s got a few secrets he’d like to be forthcoming with, in his domain.
My stomach’s aflutter, and I can only grin back like a stupid, love-struck pubescent.
Oh, Pell… my inner voice groans.
I laugh. I don’t care.
“So…” He clears his throat. “… will you help me?”
Harpoc has changed me in the last few days. I’ve played by the rules my whole life, but he’s brought out a new, more daring side that I kind of like. Like him, it’s a dangerous side, but I’ve never explored it, and it’s high time I do.
I want to experience what Harpoc, Mister Ancient Sexy Bod God of Secrets, does in his realm, how he seals secrets, where he hides them, what rules govern them, everything—including why I’m some “special case” when it comes to never having heard about secret magic before—because I plan to stop that damn double standard if it’s the last thing I do. There’s too much suffering and injustice in this world because of it.
He’s a dangerous god. I’ve known it since I met him, but now the notion makes me smile.
I put my hands, one on either side of his face, and smile. “Harpoc, I would be pleased to help in whatever way I can.”
He leans forward, tweaks my nose, smiling, then pecks me on the lips. “Thank you.”
I can’t stop smiling, and my inner voice groans again.
Harpoc floats Midas back to his burial chamber at the heart of the burial mound and we close the place up again.
Standing out front, I say, “I need to get my stuff in Mycenae before we go”—I wave my hands—“wherever it is you call home.”
He chuckles. “I’ve already handled that.”
I furrow my brow. 
“I sent them on ahead.”
My mouth drops open. “You knew I’d say yes?” He hasn’t stopped smiling since.
A corner of his mouth quirks up. “I hoped.” 
I stuff my hands in my coat pocket, hiding a smile, but as I do a horrifying thought occurs to me. “Harpoc, you’re the god of secrets, I’m—” I look myself up and down. “—I can’t possibly be dressed properly for your… empire.”
Empire. Damn. My heart starts racing. 
Lord save me, what have I gotten myself into? I’ve fallen for a freaking god who’s loaded, and I know absolutely noth… thing… about… 
My thoughts falter. 
Ah! I’m so far out of my element that I don’t even know what I don’t know anything about. 
I’m just poor, artifact-and-baklava-loving, sweats-wearing, little ol’ me.
Harpoc chuckles, making me frown. 
He wraps his arms around me and draws me against his chest. 
Somehow it doesn’t slow my heart. I’m feeling lightheaded; I’m going to have a heart attack. 
“I promised I wouldn’t let anything happen to you. Do you really think I’d let you be embarrassed?”
“I… I don’t know. I guess not.” 
“You hold a rather low opinion of me, I see. We’ll have to remedy that.” His voice is filled with mirth. 
He takes two steps back and motions for me to stay put. “Anything in your pockets you need to bring with you?” 
I furrow my brow. “What…?”
He repeats his question and I remove all the crap I might need, my phone, Kleenex, a hair band, a rubber band—yep, I’m a real MacGyver—and more, and place it on the ground. 
He smiles at the pile of junk. “You’re sure that’s everything?”
“I’m leaving that sheet of plastic.” The one still neatly folded in my coat’s breast pocket.
That makes him guffaw as he shakes his head. “Okay, then close your eyes.”
“Why?”
He holds up a hand, staying my tongue. “Trust me.”
I roll my eyes. Him and trust. Trust and him. But I do as he says and shut my eyes. 
I feel his gaze devouring every inch of me, and I want to fidget, at a minimum open my eyes again, but I don’t. Instead I scrunch up my face.
“I promise it won’t hurt either,” he whispers into my ear, making me start. 
I didn’t hear him approach.
“A bit jumpy aren’t you?” 
I just scrunch my face harder and ball my hands at my sides, tension eating me up.
And then I feel it. The strangest sensation I’ve ever felt, something like a million of those tiny Styrofoam packing beads swirling around my legs and moving higher and higher, to my waist. It’s invasive in not a good way, and I’m glad I’m still wearing my jacket because I don’t do well with invasive; it takes everything I have not to sidestep to get away.
When it continues longer than I can cope, I crack open one eye… and nearly shriek because all I can see is what looks like black smoke swirling in my vision. 
I slam my eye shut again and focus on controlling my breathing. In. Out. In. Out.
Then just like that the sensation stops.
“Open your eyes.”
Harpoc’s expression is neutral, but intense, when I do. He’s looking me over. 
I glance down to see what he’s looking at and my brow shoots up. I’m in completely different clothes.
My hands investigate the feel of the soft, slate-color leather long coat that’s trimmed with fine black decorative stitching along the lapels. Six silver buttons, three per side, with a design I’m sure means something to Harpoc engraved on each, line either side of the front below that. The bottom of the coat angles from the back to the front adding a feminine touch. 
Black leather boots lace up to the knees of my leather breeches, and I find my phone and everything else I took out of my coat, in the pockets, and snort. Of course. 
Harpoc’s grinning as I run my hands over it all again. I can’t stop touching it. 
“There’s a hood, a nod to your hoodie.” 
I twist, and sure enough, glimpse an ample hood, then pull it up and partway across my face. “I can be an assassin in this.” 
Harpoc bursts out laughing. 
I ooze with excitement and carry on because I’ve never worn something so fine.
He pushes back the hood, then gently brushes my unruly auburn hair behind an ear. 
I only barely suppress a shiver at the intimacy, but my stomach’s butterflies are as excited as me and take flight.
“You like it?” There’s desire in his eyes as he holds me, a hand on either side of my waist. 
“Like it? I love it,” I say, placing my hands on his forearms. “Did you design this?” 
He gives a shy grin. Answer enough.
The tailored waist makes it feel like I have a figure for the first time in my life. Does he know how self-conscious I am about that? That it’s why I wear the ‘practical’ clothes I do? Whether he does or not, I’ll give him credit. 
He smiles, gaze still locked with mine. “I’m glad. You’ll fit right in, in this.” 
I feel like his treasure as he looks at me that way. 
He leans forward and presses his lips to mine. 
I can’t wait to see his empire, to experience more—dare I think it—to experience all of him.
“Ready to go?” he says against my lips.
“Definitely.”
Swirls of black vapor rise as Harpoc holds my waist and presses the kiss as darkness claims us. 



What’s Next:
Book Two in the God of Secrets series, Empire of Secrets


 smarturl.it/Buy_EoS now!


There’s a sneak peek of Empire of Secrets, Book Two in God of Secrets at the end of this book. Don’t miss it! 

Facebook Fan Group
Did you have an emotional roller-coaster ride reading this book? Do you need others to talk to about it? 
Join LRW Lee’s Facebook group at https://www.facebook.com/groups/LRWLeeStreetTeam
All the feels and fanning you can handle! 

__________

Stay Informed!
To instantly receive notice when L. R. W. Lee releases the next book or has news about other upcoming events, sign up at https://lrwlee.com/never-miss-out/


__________

Other Books by L. R. W. Lee
Be sure to check out L. R. W. Lee’s award-winning, four-book, paranormal romance series, The Sand Maiden.



Download the first ebook, Lullaby, for just $.99 for a limited time at smarturl.it/Buy_Lullaby. You can also read the whole series for free in Kindle Unlimited.

Or save 40% ($7) when you buy the whole series box set at smarturl.it/Buy_TSM_Boxset

She’s a dream weaver at odds with her king. He's a prince, a broken royal unable to love. Can they survive a celestial nightmare?

Dreamweaver Alissandra refuses to let her powerful father enslave her Wake realm charges. Forced by the formidable god to choose a side, she sacrifices her immortality and flees Dream realm, only to find herself naked in Prince Kovis’s bedroom, their magical dream-connection shattered. But before she can warn him of the threat, she’s suspected of being a spy and swiftly thrown in prison.
With rebellion brewing in Prince Kovis's kingdom and the unexpected appearance of an alluring woman, his sudden insomnia threatens to drive him mad. So when his undeniable bond with the stranger becomes clear, the troubled ruler may have no choice but to open his wounded heart.
Can Alissandra and Kovis unite their hearts to preserve humankind from an almighty darkness?
Lullaby is the first book in the completed four-book, enthralling Sand Maiden paranormal romance series. If you love books that connect with your soul, destined lovers, potent sorcery, and unique retellings of ancient myths, then you’ll adore binge reading L. R. W. Lee’s vulnerable, intimate, and gritty tale.

Buy Lullaby to dive into a dreamy affair today! Get it now at smarturl.it/Buy_Lullaby


Be sure to also check out L. R. W. Lee’s award-winning, seven book, 
coming-of-age, epic fantasy series. 



Download the first ebook, Blast of the Dragon’s Fury, for at smarturl.it/BoDF 

Video games can’t train you to fight dragons! 
100+ five-star reviews. Experience it for yourself! 

Gamer Andy Smithson is whisked away to the magical land of Oomaldee, where fire-breathing dragons, giants, and deadly curses lurk around every corner. 
Trading his controller for a sword of legend, Andy embarks upon an epic quest to break a centuries-old curse oppressing the land. It isn't chance that plunges him into the adventure though, for he soon discovers his ancestors are behind the curse. 
Blast of the Dragon's Fury is a coming-of-age, epic fantasy adventure featuring fast-paced action, sword fights, laugh-out-loud humor, with a few life lessons thrown in. It's perfect for fans of Eragon, Fablehaven, Percy Jackson, Magemother, and Aster Wood!

Get it now at smarturl.it/BoDF
Connect with L. R. W. Lee 

BookBub has a New Release Alert. Not only can you check out my latest deals, but you can also get an email when I release my next book, by following me here: 
https://www.bookbub.com/profile/l-r-w-lee

http://www.LRWLee.com
https://www.facebook.com/lrwlee
https://www.instagram.com/lrwlee/
https://www.pinterest.com/lindarwlee/
https://www.twitter.com/lrwlee
https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/7047233.L_R_W_Lee



__________

Acknowledgements

This is always my most favorite section to write of any book because writing a book is a team sport. LOL. I mean that. If not for the input of the following folks, this book would not be what it is. 

First, I want to thank Debbie Turk for her quick and insightful feedback. She says she’s been told she’s too forthright, that she doesn’t mince words, and she thinks it’s a bad thing. Well, when it comes to getting a book the best it can be, I can’t ask for anyone better at pinpointing potential issues. Love you Lady <3.

Then there’s my amazing moderator group: Kiersten Burke, Courtney Griffith, Claire Manuel, Samantha Zeman, Cabiria Aquarius, Alexandra Wilkerson, and Brittany Gingrich. You all are amazing women in your own right, and when you come together, you help make our Street Team a fun and welcoming place for booknerds to hang out. I appreciate your quirkiness, realness, vulnerability, and dedication. You all make it fun to be an author and a fellow bookworm.





 
Sneak Peek of Empire of Secrets

Chapter One




I’m going to retch. There’s no escaping it.
I swallow, lips still pressed to Harpoc’s—it’s the swoon-worthy way we left Turkey in a cloud of his dark swirls a minute ago. But my stomach is utterly and completely done with what feels like the longest tripskip he’s ever taken me on. 
Panic swells in me. There’s nothing I can do to avoid hurling at him because my body’s frozen in place as darkness and disorientation continue pummeling me despite Harpoc’s steady hands holding my waist. 
I swallow again, but it’s not working.
It’ll be so gross. 
I can’t even warn him.
Here I thought I was getting my nausea under control from this abominable means of transport, but clearly not.
Any love-struck, fluttering butterflies in my stomach crash-land in the swell of nausea.
I swallow again, begging my stomach to calm. 
You can do it, Pell, my inner voice cheers me on.
Nope, my stomach’s not having it.
Please… the tone in my head turns pleading. I’ll get you some Tums as soon as we land, I promise. 
I pray my gut doesn’t know what a liar I am because who knows what the Empire of Secrets offers for raging stomachs.
No dice. That feeling of impending doom, that unmistakable juices-building-in-the-back-of-my-throat-just-before-I-hurl is growing, growing.
Any second. I can’t hold it back any longer.
I feel ground beneath my feet for no more than an instant before I fall forward on a patch of dirt amongst ferns and short foliage and my stomach purges itself with a vengeance. Coffee, this morning’s breakfast, and who knows what else, from before we dealt with King Midas, vacate the premises in a hurry. 
No birds chirp. No bees buzz. Not one sound echoes under the dim of the dense tree canopy that Harpoc somehow found a small clearing to land in. I don’t blame them. Retching sounds are disgusting. I’d shut up, too. 
I’m panting, still on all fours several minutes later. 
Harpoc’s beside me, holding back my long, auburn hair along with my full hood with one hand. His other hand moves up and down my back as I suck in air, trying to reason with my stomach. But the smell of sick makes that impossible. 
Harpoc banishes it.
I spit the wretched taste from my mouth and sit back on my haunches, tears in my eyes from the ordeal. “Thank you.”
I eye him up and down, but thankfully it seems his gray duster and black pants are unaffected. Even his wavy, onyx hair remains perfectly styled. 
No doubt I’m a complete mess.
A complete mess… Horror replaces that sick feeling, and I drop my gaze to the slate-colored leather long coat Harpoc did his abracadabra to create just moments before. It’s the finest thing I’ve ever worn, and I can’t bear to see it soiled, especially like this. 
My hands follow my gaze, running over the soft leather that’s trimmed with fine black decorative stitching along the lapels, then over the three silver buttons that line either side of the front below that.
I exhale heavily. Miraculously it seems to have avoided the whole ordeal, too, unless… I look up at Harpoc.
“We couldn’t have you looking anything but your best.” He winks.
I let a corner of my mouth hitch. “Seems I owe you.”
“I have a few ways you might make it up to me.” Heat simmers in his eyes and the butterflies that crash-landed, launch once more in my very empty stomach.
“How about we fly the rest of the way?” Harpoc says.
“I could kiss you.” I run a hand along his chiseled jaw, and as I do that foul taste vanishes from my mouth as he leans down.
“I plan to finish what we started.” Seduction fills his tone as he pivots closer, still on his knees, and then his arms are around me and he’s pulling me onto his lap and kissing me fiercely. My toes curl inside my new black boots as I eagerly surrender, running my hands through the curls at the back of his neck. 
Harpoc does indeed finish what we start… and then some.
I’m panting for a wholly different reason, and my lips feel swollen by the time we pull back, but I don’t care. Harpoc just grins, clearly satisfied with himself. 
Arrogant male.
Crickets chirp and owls hoot—no doubt telling us to get a room—as I look around for the first time, noticing the light has nearly abandoned us. I pull the lapels of my coat up looking for warmth now that the sun has gone down.
“Where are we?” 
Harpoc hugs me and I melt into his warmth. “We’re on Nemus Isle, one of the most remote of the archipelago of one hundred and forty-four floating islands that make up the Empire of Secrets. They run the gambit of sizes, populations, and climates, so if you get tired of one, you can find yourself another, more agreeable, without much trouble.”
“Floating islands?” I furrow my brow. “How does that work? I hadn’t pictured the Empire of Secrets as coastal.”
Harpoc chuckles, then tweaks my nose. “It’s not. These islands float in the air.”
My eyes go wide. “You’re telling me”—I scan the treetops—“this land mass is floating on nothing but air currents? How’s that even possible?”
“No idea, but it’s the way it’s always been.” 
“Have you ever accidently run over a planet or two that’s in the way? Ever lose your bearings because an island turns around? Ever can’t find your way home because home’s moved without you knowing?”
He snorts. “No, not to my knowledge, and no.”
I shake my head. Nothing about Harpoc or his secret magic makes logical sense, so why do I expect this to? When will I learn? 
Floating islands. Okay, sure. Fine. And pigs fly here, too, no doubt.
“Which climate do you most prefer?” I ask. He hadn’t so much as shivered in Greece, nor broken a sweat in Egypt.
“Whichever one we find the most pleasure on.” He draws out the words making it clear he has more than getting back to nature in mind. A lot more.
My cheeks burn. I’m glad it’s nearly dark so he can’t see the traitors they are because they might as well scream to the entire empire my thoughts about getting to know all of him. 
Oh, Pell, my inner voice groans. She’s warming up to the idea of doing more with Harpoc, but she’s never one to dive in half-cocked.
“How’s your stomach?” 
I bob my head. “I think you gave it something more constructive to think about with that kiss.”
Harpoc laughs. “My kisses are a panacea for upset stomachs? I’ll have to remember that.”
Harpoc shifts me off his lap, then stands and helps me up. 
Chivalry is strong with this one. I give him another point. He’s up to three now, between opening doors for me and protecting Eser, the boy indentured to Zeki—returning he and his siblings back home safely. I probably should give him more than one point for that; it was above and way beyond opening a door.
“We best get going unless we want to sleep out here.” Excitement dances in his beautiful gold and silver eyes.
If I didn’t know better, I’d think he’s excited to show off his home.
Pell, he’s a god, not a small child.
I know, but still.
A shiver wracks my frame; it’s turned decidedly chilly without the sun. “Sounds good.”
He scoops me up in his arms, and a second later he beats his wings that have materialized again. 
We jerk up and down, up and down, up and down, as Harpoc’s wings beat to get air under us. And then we’re rising through and above the canopy of trees, the three—yes, count them, three—three-quarter moons illuminating the plethora of fluffy clouds that drift across the night sky. The stars are just starting to wink into sight. 
I’m reminded how awe filled Harpoc’s voice as he told me about getting away from everything and everyone during a new moon, going out where city lights don’t dim the night sky, and seeing all the stars. In this moment, I promise myself that no matter what happens once we reach his home, we’ll experience the stars that way, together.
“You’re rather quiet.” Harpoc nuzzles the top of my head.
“I’m just enjoying being here with you.”
He gives me a squeeze, and we continue on in silence, passing over enormous as well as small islands. In the moonlight, it’s hard to make out their features, but I can tell some are mountainous without much vegetation, others are jungle-like, others flat like pancakes. Some have a host of candle-lit dots—villages, Harpoc says—others, large metropolitan cities the lights from which, make it seem like day.
The sound of rushing water rises to meet us, and I furrow my brow.
“I’ll have to take you to see the infinity waterfalls. They plunge over the edge of the island and somehow the water ends up back at the top of the mountains to do it all over again.” 
My mouth drops open.
“Don’t swallow a bug,” Harpoc says, chuckling.
“Eaten a few bugs, yourself, I take it?” I smile.
“We’re nearly there.” He bobs his head at a spray of light flooding the night sky over the horizon. “The city of Mense, the capital.”
Harpoc’s arms tense along with his jaw as shouts, screams, metal striking metal, and other discordant sounds reach us from the city. 
He beats his wings faster, accelerating our pace until I feel the need to grab hold of his neck. But his eyes never deviate, scanning, searching, no doubt for the source. 



Don’t miss Book Two in the God of Secrets series, Empire of Secrets. Get it now at smarturl.it/Buy_EoS



You can make a huge difference! Leave a Review of Empire of Ash!!
Did you enjoy this book? Share your thoughts in a quick review. 
It can be as short as a sentence. Make a difference!

