
Enchanted(#1, Encante Series)
By Lyza Ledo
Copyright 2014 Lyza Ledo
Smashwords Edition

This book is a work of fiction.  Any References to historical events, real people, or real locales are used fictitiously.  Other names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination, and any resemblance to actual events, locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Dedication
To all the amazing people that push and motivate me to write each day. We are nothing without the family that loves us.

Acknowledgements 
Special thanks to Kaycee at PWL  and Heather S. for all the time and effort you put into Enchanted too.

Chapter 1: Wake Up Call
Jayde
Outside of Florianopolis, Brazil
My head was pounding. What had I done last night?
 I rolled over and I automatically regretted it.
 It all flooded back like a bad dream as I looked over at the sleeping guy beside me. Julio was going to kill me! Why couldn’t I just fight the urge to attend every party in the area? Why couldn’t I not get drunk and black out? No, I was here regretting my nightly activities...again! 
I crawled out of the small double bed, trying not to wake Antonio, my ex-boyfriend. We had broken up months ago, but we always seemed to end up at the same parties and eventually in the same bed that night.  It made for a complex relationship that I didn’t want to think about. 
It was bad enough I had a hangover that was firmly throbbing throughout my head with each breath I took. I moved around his bedroom finding my clothes thrown everywhere. I tiptoed to the bathroom and quickly dressed. Quietly, I slid out the sliding door in his first floor bedroom, he turned in his sleep, but didn’t seem to wake up. Thank the gods for small favors.  
I walked down the crowded street and pulled out my cell phone. Julio was the only one that would pick me up even if it meant another fight. He was the world’s best, best friend but sometimes it would be nice not to be lectured like an errant child. I got it, I was a screw up, he constantly reminded me and so did my parents. In fact, it was hard to not be reminded about all the trouble I was when I did stupid things like this on a nearly daily basis. Yup, this was my life one idiotic, drunken mess of a life. 
I looked through my contacts and found Julio’s number and called. 
“Hello?” a deep voice answered sounding a bit groggy. Shit, it must have been early still. Guilt gnawed at me, but I needed to get as far away from Antonio’s before he woke up and we had yet another fight about our confusing relationship status. 
“Julio? You answered.” I sighed relieved. 
“Jayde? You didn’t?” He said already knowing what had happened.
“Can you pick me up down the street from Antonio’s?”  I replied cutting him off before he started on one of his too famous lectures.
“Jayde, when are you going to learn?” He snapped exasperated. I really didn’t know why he put up with me. I was constantly blowing him off or having to explain my boneheaded decisions on a regular basis. I knew it was getting old if I was tired of it.
“I’m still a work in progress? Are you coming or not?”
“Be there in ten.” He said still not sounding too pleased. 
I hung up the phone and looked up as a tall, handsome man with his hat pulled down low walked past. His dark eyes locked with mine for an instant, but it sent a shiver through my body.  He quickly turned his eyes downwards again and walked away. What was that about?
~~~
Julio showed up as promised. The scowl on his face telling me he wasn’t happy and very disapproving of what I had just done. I slid into his 1980s Volkswagen without a word.
“At least tell me what happened this time?” He said as he started driving towards our houses. I shrugged and started. I’d rather tell him the story when his dark, penetrating eyes weren’t assessing me for lies. Thanks to knowing him since my parents adopted me, there was no bluffing when it came to Julio. He was by my side no matter what and I never really understood why. He was a great guy. He was tall, attractive. He had long dark wavy hair that girls seemed to love in our high school. He never had a problem finding girls to like him with his half smile and lean physique but no one ever lasted more than a few weeks. I never pressed him because aside from Antonio I had the same problems with commitment. We were quite the pair.
“What always happens?” I started. “I promised you I wasn’t going out and the party just called to me like a string was pulling me there.  I had to go. I went to the party and it was fun. I guess they always were. I had some drinks and I ran into Antonio. I had a few more drinks and the next thing I know I woke up in Antonio’s bed.” I said trying to think past the aching of my head. Hangovers were the worst, but I just didn’t seem to get it through my thick skull that this is what happened when I drank too much.
“Jayde, when are you going to learn?” Julio started. “Antonio is scum. You can do so much better.” I rolled my eyes, like he hadn’t told me this every weekend since I met Antonio. 
“I know.” I groaned. 
“But you still do it? You have to grow up sometime. You are going to be eighteen and you are still acting like a child. It’s time for you to stop partying, Jayde. It’s not good for you. You need to learn your boundaries.” 
“I know,” I huffed, “Hang out with me tonight. I don’t want to go out.” I said negating his argument.
Julio rolled his eyes, “Okay, but if you think about ditching me again, there is no way I’m picking you up the next morning.” 
“Oh thank you, Julio!” I leaned over the console between us and gave him a one armed hug.  He parked in his drive way and walked me next door to my house. I guess that’s why Julio is my best friend, he’s my neighbor, but more importantly, he’s male. Maybe it has something to do with my drunken escapades, but females just don’t like me. Maybe it’s because I’m so close to Julio, maybe it’s because it’s a small town and I’m a little bit of a bad seed. Whatever it is, they avoid me. I think I’m likable, but there’s something that boys love and girls hate about me. What that something is, I don’t have the slightest idea. 
“Jayde?” My mom shouted from the kitchen. 
“Yeah, Mama.” I said still feeling heavy from my lack of sleep.
“Where have you been?” She asked sternly coming out of the kitchen her apron wrapped tightly around her waist as it always was when she was in a baking frenzy. Her slightly greying hair was pulled out of her face in a haphazard bun and she had a handprint of flour on her cheek and apron. It made me smile. It was my mother’s typical wear.
“I went out early with Julio.” I said waving for Julio to come into the dining room. 
She gave me a she wasn’t buying it look but didn’t push. I was hard to control and I think now that I was about to be eighteen in two days she was just praying I wouldn’t put her in an early grave before I left for college. 
“Would you like some breakfast?” She asked walking back into the kitchen where she started taking pastries out of the oven.
“Yes, please.” I eagerly replied as Julio and I sat at the breakfast table and grabbed fresh muffins. My mother was the baking queen of Brazil. She cooked like every meal was our last. How I wasn’t five hundred pounds was a wonder even to me.
~~~
Julio slammed my bedroom door behind us. “So what are our plans for tonight?” He asked collapsing onto my frilly queen sized bed. “Well, I have to go to the market to pick up some stuff for my mom and the party, but I am all yours after.” I said sitting beside him on my bed. 
He groaned, “I’ll be back at three? We can decide then.” I nodded in agreement. Without so much as another word Julio was gone. That was the best thing about Julio. He didn’t push or pry. He simply let everything be and knew when it was time to leave. 
I showered and changed, heading to the market to pick up some groceries for dinner and my impending birthday party. It would be wild if my past birthdays were any indication. Not only did I know how to have a good time at a party, but I also was capable of throwing a killer bash. Only problem this year was I didn’t want to have a killer bash. I wanted this year to be different, it was time for change. I knew that much, but actually doing it seemed to be impossible for me. 
I walked the block mostly focused on my own thoughts. I had to at least come up with an excuse why I wouldn’t be able to see Antonio tonight. I knew he would call after last night and I had avoided his earlier calls today. I don’t know why he was so adamant about being my boyfriend, but I simply wasn’t interested. The fact that I kept waking up in his bed was just an unfortunate coincidence that I would rather live without. 
I pulled open the door to the supermarket and grabbed a cart heading down the first aisle, when a man slammed into me making me stagger back several feet. 
“Hey, watch out.” I said not too nicely. I turned around and couldn’t mistake it. It was the man from earlier this morning, the one with the hauntingly dark eyes. 
“Excuse me,” he said tipping his head slightly as he walked past me without another word. I watched him walk away that eerie chill from before happened again. Why did I keep running into that guy? Was it a coincidence? Was he following me?
“Do I know you?” I asked and he turned around a sexy smirk on his face. 
“Not that I’m aware of.” His hauntingly rich voice imprinting on me like his surprisingly deep, bottomless eyes had earlier today.
“I’ve seen you before, I know it. Do you live around here?” I asked. 
“You could say that,” he said another closed mouth grin crossing his startlingly handsome face. 
“Are you going to answer any of my questions?” I countered growing irritated with this beautiful stranger. 
He laughed, a lovely smooth sound reminiscent of some of my mother’s more classical music. “My name is Kohl.” He replied, but was quickly cut off when Antonio appeared out of nowhere. Just my Luck.
“Jayde!” Antonio growled the frustration clear in his tone. “Why haven’t you been returning my calls?” He said as he took in Kohl and started pulling me away before I could get another word in.
“Nice to meet you, Kohl.” I said as Antonio kept pulling me along. Bastard.

Chapter 2: Then There was Kohl
Jayde
 When we were out of the aisle and Kohl was long out of sight, I pulled my arm away. “What is wrong with you?” I shouted angrily not caring that people were openly staring at our exchange in the baking aisle. 
“How dare you!” He said matching my anger perfectly.  
“How dare I? What are you doing here?” 
“Why haven’t you returned my calls?” He retorted quickly. 
“I’m not having this conversation with you again, Antonio.” I said walking away.
“Jayde,” He breathed, “Don’t go.” His voice was full of hurt, the hurt I was inflicting. 
I stopped walking, this was my problem. No matter how much I didn’t want to be with Antonio, I just hated to hurt him. I hated to hurt anyone, but our relationship dynamics didn’t work. He was controlling, I was a free spirit. 
“Antonio, you know I don’t want this.” I said turning around to face his pitiful expression. 
“Then why do you come back to me?” He said moving closer and stroking my arm, lovingly. 
“It’s not that I’m coming back—” I started.
“Then why were you with me last night? Why were you with me last Saturday?” He said firmly. 
“I was drunk. I don’t think.” 
“You can’t keep using that as your excuse. Some part of you wants to be with me or you wouldn’t end up with me.” He said as his green eyes landed on me full force. When I first met Antonio, I was sure there was no male that could counter how gorgeous he was. I was under his spell after only a few chance meetings. What I hadn’t known was the ugliness that really lived in Antonio, no amount of beauty could hide. He was a controlling, egotistical, misogynist. 
“Maybe but right now, I don’t want to be with you. You can do so much better than me, Antonio.” I tried for a sympathetic tactic.
He looked crestfallen, but there were only so many ways I could say the same thing delicately. I felt bad hurting him this way, but it would only hurt more if we actually tried this relationship thing again. Antonio was also a very jealous guy and I was a very flirtatious girl with a lot of guy friends, it just didn’t go together and never would. I wasn’t even considering the fact that Antonio was just as flirtatious as me only sometimes, he was a little too flirtatious. Despite my free spirit, I was not okay with his cheating. He had burned me too many times to ever forgive him.
“Okay, I get it but…never mind.” He said and walked away without so much as a goodbye. 
“So you just broke that guy’s heart.” A deep and sultry voice said from behind me. I whipped around and there he was still as beautiful as I remember. Kohl with the coal colored eyes. He was tall, well over six feet, towering over me. His hair was long enough that it curled at the edge of his neck. A bit of his dark locks were pressed to his forehead by his hat. He had an angular chin and straight, narrow nose that was strong and fit his typical Brazilian features well. His skin was a few shades lighter then my caramel complexion but it seemed that he had made friends with the South American Sun.
“You heard all of that?” I asked embarrassed.
“I wanted to make sure he wasn’t going to hurt you.” He replied completely serious. The smile that had been on his face disappeared making his full lips press together and narrow, like he had eaten something sour.
“That’s really nice, but I don’t even know you.”
I started walking back to get the groceries I had come for and Kohl fell into step beside me. I threw some things in my cart and continued walking, maybe speeding up a bit. 
I looked up at him, “What are you doing?” I asked never slowing down.
“Having a conversation.” He said strategically angling his fedora so it slightly covered his eyes, making him that much more mysterious and sexy. Wow, I hadn’t liked a guy instantly in a very long time. 
“Well I need to get going.” I said grabbing the flour and sugar that were the last things on my list. 
“I’ll walk you.” He responded casually, just as smooth as every other thing he had said to me. 
“That’s nice, but no thanks.” I replied uncomfortable about how forward he was being. 
“Okay, can I ask you a question?” He said placing the intensity of his gaze on my face making me take a sharp intake of breath. Man, he was sexy and a little too old for me. Mom would flip if I brought him home.
“Yes, Kohl.” I said afraid of what he was going to say. I was just hoping it wasn’t an invite to a party or a date because I wasn’t sure if I could say no to that face.
“Were you adopted?” He questioned casually. I couldn’t help but stop in my tracks. 
“What?” I asked in disbelief. What kind of question was that? I barely even knew the guy.
“Are you adopted? You seem rebellious? It’s common among adopted children.” I couldn’t do anything, but continue staring at him. What was I supposed to say to that?
“Actually I am. Am I that obvious?” I asked curious to hear his next absurd question. 
He smiled, showing perfectly white, even teeth. “Yes, it is.” 
I was next at the register and checked out with Kohl still walking beside me. “I guess this is the end of the line.” I said preparing to grab my bags off the counter. Kohl glided beside me and in one swift move was holding all my grocery bags. “Thanks, but I can carry that.” I said trying to take the bags back but he wasn’t having that. 
“It’s okay, I’ll carry them to your car.” He said a crooked smile coming to his face. Man, that was hot. I think we needed to call an ambulance soon. One more sexy act by him and I was going to melt onto the pavement. I had never felt so undone by a single person in my life.
I tried to clear my head from the fog Kohl was putting me in. “I actually walked.” I challenged hoping he’d give up.
“I’ll drive you home, then.” 
“No thanks, I’d rather just walk.” 
“I don’t mind walking you.” He tried again. He was persistent. So I gave in besides why did I want to get away from him so bad? He was hot. Damn, Julio was going to give me an earful for this one later.
“Thanks, I guess that is okay.” He smiled again and we walked out the double doors of the grocery store toward my street. 
“So when were you adopted?” He asked again sounding too casual for such a personal question.
“When I was a baby, not exactly sure when.” I said with a shrug.
“Are you from around here?” I asked when another silence fell between us. 
“You can say that.” He said again very elusive. 
“Why won’t you answer any of my questions?” I tried as we stopped in front of my house. 
He laughed and oh my goodness the sound was making me lightheaded. What was he doing to me? I barely knew him. His face went serious again, his hat partially covering his dark, smoldering eyes, but they found me and held me in place.
“I guess this is my stop. Thanks.” I said grabbing the bags from his hands. 
“I’ll see you around, Jayde.” He said as he brought my hand to his full and perfectly kissable lips. My mind was racing with less than angelic thoughts and I had just met this guy. What was going on? 
“Bye.” I choked out barely able to keep from hyperventilating. He smiled and started walking down the street. 
“That didn’t look like Antonio.” Julio said from behind me. 
“Are you my father?” I asked snidely. 
“No, but I am a concerned friend and you woke up in Antonio’s bed this morning. Did you remember that?” He said pointedly. 
I rolled my eyes, “I remember and actually ran into him.” I snapped exasperated.
“At the grocery store?” I nodded, “And?”
“And I broke it off with him again.” 
“Poor guy.” Julio said with a shake of his head. “How many break ups is it going to take for him to get it.” I shrugged and headed towards my front door with Julio not far behind.

Kohl
Keep walking. Don’t turn around and question why she is talking to yet another guy. I kept walking, walking until the city was dissolving behind me and I was getting closer to the Solimões. I was getting closer to home. I needed a break from this world. 
My phone started vibrating as soon as I reached the river. Sometimes I really thought Philip could tell exactly when I was near water and just when to disrupt me from any peace and quiet. 
“Your majesty, I have urgent news.” 
“What’s wrong now?” 
“Sy is insisting on meeting with you today.” 
“Tell him I have more important things to do then to pretend to come up with another treaty.” I replied irritated with this conversation already. 
“As you say. One more question?” He paused waiting for me to protest and when I didn’t he continued, “Have you found her yet?” Philip asked lowering his voice to about half the volume he was originally speaking in. 
“I think so, her name is the same and she will be turning eighteen in a few days--”
“A few days! Sire you cannot be up there for a few days hell will break loose if Sy knows you’re missing.”
 “Well make sure he doesn’t know I’m missing, Philip. You can handle that much?” 
“Yes sir, but I hope you don’t take offense to what I am about to say. Why must you wait a few days for this girl, why won’t you just go back for her?” 
“I have to get her to trust me, or nothing will work out.” I replied going over my meeting with her. 
“Have you made contact?” Philip’s no-nonsense voice questioned.
“Yes, that’s how I found out she was adopted and will be eighteen. I already found a hotel and will not be returning until I have Jayde.” 
“But…but what if she doesn’t believe you?”  He asked and it was a sensible question considering everything he was talking about.
“I don’t plan on telling her anything until she starts experiencing symptoms.”
“Stay safe, your majesty, and I will keep you informed about Sy’s plans.”
“Thank you, Philip, I must be going now.”
“As you wish, good day.”
“Bye.” I said and then the wheels started turning. Sy had to be up to something and nothing good could come from Sy’s plots, except another mess for me to clean up. I looked at the waters they didn’t seem as enticing as before so I headed back to town. I had my work cut out for me if I wanted to return to Encante before Sy realized I was gone.  I headed back to the place I needed to be, Jayde’s house. 
As I walked back, I thought over our exchange this afternoon. Jayde was surprising the only thing I had remembered about her was her wildly dark curls that fell everywhere but flat on her head. I had forgotten how startlingly green her eyes were, but that also could be because the last time I saw her she was two and I was six. I needed to stop thinking like this. She would be a colleague soon, if she had stayed she would have been like a sister to me. Beauty didn’t matter, her leadership skills are what mattered and from the few days I had watched there had been nothing to impress me. She was shallow and let her instincts get the better of her. She seemed to be a walking folklore and she didn’t even know it. 
My work was cut out for me with her. She would never believe what I said to her until she saw it with her own eyes. Luckily for me, we wouldn’t have to wait very long for that to be a possibility. Once Jayde was eighteen there would be no denying her destiny if she doesn’t believe me she will see it for herself and come running to me fearful. I could already foresee what was about to happen. 
I finally made it back to her house she was sitting in her living room with the tall guy from before he seemed beyond enamored with her, but from the way she kept looking at the front door she wanted to be anywhere, but home. Her eyes wandered to the front window I was standing near like she sensed I was there, but I knew she couldn’t see me. No one could see me. That was one of my many tricks to play with human minds. It was easier than a human taking a breath. It was second nature to me. I had been honing my skills since my parents’ death. My uncle William wanted me to be prepared for anything even if I was still a kid. I was the only heir to Encante-North, at least until Jayde returned. I had to master my skills early. Lucky for me, I was a very good student and over a decade of training didn’t hurt either.
“I just need some air, Julio.” Jayde said as she walked out the front door. She closed the door behind her and slid on a mint colored sweater over lightly tanned shoulders. “Kohl?” she whispered walking toward where I was. 
She couldn’t see me she was still technically human. My tricks still worked they had worked earlier. I stayed motionless waiting for her to realize she hadn’t seen me.
“Kohl?” she whispered again as she came within a few feet of where I was standing. She didn’t see me thankfully. “I could have sworn I saw him.” She muttered mostly to herself. “What is wrong with me?” She groaned as she sat in a swinging bench set beside the bushes I was standing next to. “You are never going to see him again. Grow up, Jayde.” She said still talking to herself. I couldn’t help but laugh at her inner monologue. “Is someone there?” She asked looking back at the window again. “I’m going crazy!” she said running a hand through her now tamed dark locks. 
I started heading away from the house ignoring my inner voice and wanting to talk to her again. I headed out of her garden after all I couldn’t just show up next to her. “Jayde?” I said standing at the open front gate of her yard. She looked up and I couldn’t mistake the relief I saw on her beautiful face. 
“Hi,” she said shyly as she leaned back into the swinging seat. “Come in, sit down.” She added a little braver and despite my better instincts screaming for me to leave her alone until the time came, I just couldn’t. 
“Sure,” I replied as I walked towards her and sat in the swing where she was still curled up trying to keep warm in the cool Brazilian nights. 



Chapter 3: This Means War
Sy
Encante- South
“Something is wrong. I can feel it in my bones.” 
“Like what, your highness?” Reggie asked as he began to scribble down whatever task I was sending him to do. There was no denying it, he was one of my most loyal assistants. It was probably the only reason he had lasted as long as he had. “Your highness?” Reggie said again drawing me back from my thoughts. 
“Wilmer just reported that Kohl has denied my plan to meet and develop another treaty.”
“Perhaps he is tired of not coming to a resolution.” Reggie replied pragmatically. 
“No, I think he is up to something.” I said cutting off the endless string of excuses Reggie would come up with. 
“Like what, your majesty?” 
“Like he isn’t in Encante.” I said growing frustrated with the conversation and Reggie again.
“Where would he be, your greatness?” 
“I don’t know! That is your job!” I said irritated with his continuous questions. 
“Sorry, I’m so sorry, your majesty.” Reggie said curling up, his head bowed avoiding my gaze. 
“Just go,” I complained and he ran off without so much as another look at me. 
How hard was it to get some proficient help? My next assistant could not be a bumbling idiot like Reggie but had to be just as loyal. Hopefully, he would stop screwing up and I wouldn’t have to look for another assistant because that took a big chunk of my time and I was always behind with everything else. I was not ready to start on that task again.
I leaned back into my black velvet covered throne with solid gold framework. It was a regal and classic design my father had followed throughout our original mansion that had been destroyed by Kohl’s uncle William. I had made this castle as an exact replica of the last.
 I think it was time to call it a day and head to my chambers. This had been a stressful day. Finding men to join my militia was becoming more taxing by the day. Kohl was simply going to outnumber me at the rate people were fleeing Encante-South. I knew how I could fix this, but I just wasn’t having any luck. 
No one could find her. She fell off the radar as soon as those god awful humans found her by the river. I had been searching for her since I started my rule, but so far I had no such luck. I even had an assistant out there scouring Brazil for Jayde, but so far Antonio was not having any luck. Four years and he didn’t even have a decent lead. I was growing tired of him. Next time he checked in I think I was going to fire him and send someone else to look for her. Time was of the essence now she would be eighteen any day and I wanted her to be near so I could explain to her all the changes she was about to undergo. I had to be rational, I wasn’t the only one that had been trying to determine Jayde’s whereabouts. Whether Kohl mentioned it or not I knew he had people searching for her too. So why had neither of us found this damned girl. Did she leave Brazil? Did she leave South America? No, I would have known that, Antonio would have figured that much out. He acted like he wasn’t a complete imbecile. That had to mean something positive.
I just needed to be patient I’m sure he would find her especially after she was eighteen and suffering with all the symptoms entailed with being Encantado. I stood up, I was really stressing too much over this. If I just relaxed everything would fall into place like it always did. I headed to the foyer contemplating what I wanted to do with the rest of the day. Maybe a massage was in order? It was time to heed my father’s advice, I had to take care of myself before I could properly take care of a kingdom.
“Your majesty,” Reggie said rushing in again his head bowed still avoiding my eyes. Coward.
“Yes, Reggie.” I groaned annoyed that he would come back after I specifically told him to leave. 
“Antonio has just arrived with urgent news.” He said his round face, red waiting for a reprimand he knew was coming.
“Urgent news?” He found her. Finally! “Send him in, Reggie!” 
“Yes, your majesty.” Reggie said daring a look at my face and then bowing his head again backing his way out of the foyer.  
I headed back into the main hall I would need a seat if I got any more bad news from him. 
Antonio sauntered in as if he knew he was invincible. His overconfidence every time I saw him was getting trying. If he didn’t have good news this time I don’t think I would be able to control my temper with him.
“Your majesty,” Antonio said as he bowed before me tersely. 
“Stand up and tell me what you’re doing here already, mutt.” That got his attention. He stood up, his smirk gone from his cocky face.
“As you wish, sire. I think I may have located Jayde, she has been going by Jayde Santiago. She is still in Brazil very close to the Solimões--”
“If this is true why has it taken you four years to find her?” I had him there and he knew it.
“I have been trying to determine whether it was her or not and then I wanted to gain her trust but…”
“Your job was to find her and report to me!” I growled back frustrated with this imbecile. 
“But I think there is a problem, your majesty.” Antonio tried again.
“What is it?!” I snapped.
“I think I saw Kohl today.” He answered.
I couldn’t help but jump out of my seat at the very sound of Kohl’s name. The man was the bane of my existence. Our rivalry went as far back as our fathers’ childhood. Kohl and Jayde’s fathers had turned on mine starting a bitter war that I was going to finish no matter what. 
“Where?” I said trying to rein in my anger. 
“At the grocery store, he was talking to Jayde.” He continued. His eyes were focused on the ground like there was more to this story.
“So he found her too?” I whispered mostly to myself. This was going to make apprehending Jayde a lot more difficult than I anticipated thanks to Antonio. 
“So enlighten me, Antonio, what have you done to gain Jayde’s trust?” 
“Um…well…” Antonio was nervous now. He stammered over his words but nothing was coherent. He was hiding something and he wasn’t leaving until I found out what it was. 
“Spit it out.” I growled, growing tiresome of his games. 
“Well I have become very close to Jayde…” He said still seemingly afraid to continue. 
“How close?” I continued. 
“Well we are very well acquainted.” He said fidgeting with the collar of his shirt. 
“Again please clarify.” I said fed up with his obvious anxiety. “It’s not like you are screwing my future wife or anything.” I said jokingly but the shade of white his face turned told me that was exactly it.  This was not going to end well for him. “Reggie,” I managed to say calmly even though I was boiling with rage inside. 
“Yes, sire.” He said as frightened as Antonio was still looking. Reggie stepped forward. 
“Call Arthur to take Antonio to the jails.” 
“What?” Antonio shouted his cockiness returning “You can’t do that!” 
I leaned back into the comfort of my throne. “I can do whatever I want.” I said still calm and collected, “I am your king and if I want you thrown away in a dungeon for treason then so be it.” 
Antonio’s face seemed to get redder and redder the harder he tried to talk the more nonsensical he was sounding. He wasn’t even forming complete words but thankfully Arthur, my head of security, came stomping in at that exact moment. He was intimidating that’s why I had given him the promotion. At six feet nine he towered over nearly everyone in Encante. He was built like a tank among toy cars. 
“Your highness, how can I be of service?” Arthur said always as formal as Reggie that’s why he had lasted just as long.
“Lock up Antonio.” I ground out.
 “Under what charges?” Arthur asked as were protocol.
“Treason,” I said relaxing as two of the lower level guards grabbed each of Antonio’s arms. 
“You can’t do this!” Antonio bellowed, trying to fight off the guards’ grasps. I stood up from my throne and walked over to Antonio. “Tell me where she is so I can lock you up already.” I snapped all the anger that was ebbing at my consciousness was rising with this idiot’s theatrics. 
“Never!” he shouted screaming and thrashing around still. I was not going to let this public display of insolence go unpunished. I leaned forward and grabbed the mane of Antonio’s too long hair and yanked his head back until he was facing the high ornate ceiling of the main hall.  His aggressive behavior stopped and stilled in my grasp. 
“Where is she?” I said still trying to remain calm and collected even though this half human was trying to demand things from me, Me, the king of Encante-South. 
“You won’t be able to get close to her without me, sire.” Antonio said a stutter in his usually over confident tone. 
“And why is that?” I asked not letting up on my grip. 
“Because I know her a lot better than Kohl does she trusts me.” I dropped my hands he did have a point. “Let me go and I will do as you ask and bring her to you.” Antonio continued. 
I pondered his request and mentally laughed like I would let him go unpunished for all the crap he pulled with Jayde. There was no way. 
“How about I let you take me to Jayde and then you never return to Encante?” Antonio was looking at me ready to argue. “I catch you in any part of Encante after you hand over Jayde, I’ll have you killed on the spot. You are only alive because I haven’t found her keep that in mind.” I said walking back to my throne.  “Arthur, let him go and accompany him back to Brazil to pick up Jayde. I want her here by tomorrow. Get a move on.” I said and dismissed everyone but Reggie. 
“Do you think he will obey your commands?” Reggie timidly asked.
“If he knows what’s good for him. I will be meeting Jayde first thing tomorrow morning.” 
“What if Kohl has successfully acquired her.” I leaned back into the black velvet of my chair. If that happened Antonio was dead. Years the bastard had known where she was and had kept it a secret. “Well we will just have to deal with it if that problem occurs.” 
Reggie’s eyes widened he knew a lot of bad things would happen if that occurred. Jayde was the key to ending this war and I was going to have her no matter who I had to kill. I was going to win, it was my father’s dying request and it would be fulfilled by whatever means necessary. I was going to be the absolute ruler of Encante with Jayde as my Queen. The plan was simple. It just wouldn’t come to fruition with all the idiots surrounding me. 
Reggie ran out of the room as soon as I became preoccupied with my inner thoughts. It was time to get back to that massage. Antonio was going to give me a heart attack by twenty two otherwise. 



Chapter 4: Birthday Girl
Jayde
I woke up at five a.m. with the worst headache of my life. God, could you have a hangover headache if you didn’t drink the night before? Hell this was worse than a hangover headache. I leaned over and opened the window near my bed and a cool breeze came through. My queen bed sat against the wall to give me more space for a small chaise and a desk and chair. I had asked for a television, but my parents were old fashioned. They didn’t think I would ever leave my room if I had a television. I didn’t disagree. 
The sun was about to rise, but I was too tired to want to get out of bed. I put my head back on my pillow willing the horrible pounding in the front of my head to go away. After some time it finally subsided leaving a dull ache in its place. I was still wide awake and thought back to everything that had happened this weekend. It was like I was a new person and I was darn happy about it. 
It looked like Antonio was listening to me and not calling any more thankfully. It had been two days since I’d seen him and he hadn’t called once. Today would be the true test since it was my birthday.  I really hoped he wouldn’t come and make a scene like he was so accustomed to doing.
I thought back to what I had been doing. Friday I had met him and Sunday I felt like I knew him my entire life. Kohl. I talked with him the rest of Friday night completely forgetting about Julio, which he later rubbed in my face. We talked about families. Our shared love for swimming and every other topic I could possibly imagine. He stopped maneuvering around my questions and answered them. What he told me only made me want to learn more about him. He was honestly like a birthday wish I hadn’t even made.
 Yesterday, we had taken a walk and had a picnic by one of the rivers. I had told him about all the stories surrounding the Solimões since he was new to town. Before our picnic he didn’t even know about the legends about the Encantado and how dangerous this area was supposed to be. I couldn’t wait to see if he would actually come to my birthday party. He was the only person I was interested in seeing. I had even completely forgotten about my big party Sunday night because I was too engrossed in our conversation. This guy had put some kind of spell on me that I had no intention of breaking. 
I sighed and turned around to watch the sun rise in my window. The purples, pinks, and blues making me feel like today was really the day. I was finally eighteen and in two months I would be away at university in Rio de Janero trying to attempt to make my parents proud of something I had done. Instead of dwell on all the bad things I had been doing since I was fifteen. The party girl in me was subsiding or I was going to make it subside. Julio was right I was too old to live like I was a fifteen year old anymore. I needed to grow up and stop acting like I didn’t have a care in the world. 
I rested in bed until I heard bustling in the kitchen. My mother was on the move making a robust breakfast to remember, the way she always did for my birthday. Julio would be stopping by soon to make sure I was alive and had not snuck out to some insane party. He was more protective than my parents in some ways, but I couldn’t ask for more caring people around me. An attempted knock on my window told me Julio was checking up on me. 
“Hey! You are here and awake?” he asked in obvious disbelief. 
“Yup, besides a headache I can’t wait for today.”
“Wow, why are you this happy?” He snapped back as he climbed through my open window and landed beside me in my bed. It was funny watching him climb through my window he was too tall to make squeezing through a small window smooth.
“I’ll give you one guess.” I said with a smile I couldn’t attempt to suppress. 
Julio rolled his eyes, “Kohl. This guy has got you flipping your life around in two days.” Julio said it with that worried big brother tone, but I knew he appreciated the change just not why it was occurring. 
“Don’t give me that look, Julio, he really is a nice guy.”
“You thought Antonio was a nice guy.”
“But I never felt like this about Antonio.” I said trying to explain the huge difference in Kohl and Antonio. Kohl and Antonio were night and day. Antonio had a wandering eye, and could sweet talk my socks off and other things if I was being honest. Kohl didn’t try any of those things. He was real. He told me what I needed to hear not what I wanted to hear. When we were together his attention never wavered from me, like we were the only two people in the world. Where Antonio had tried to get action and kiss me only moments after we met. Kohl hadn’t even attempted to kiss me in two days. Yet, I couldn’t tell Julio this he would think I was blinded by a new play thing. Maybe I was, but I was trying to appreciate my new happiness not overanalyze it.
I left my room with Julio ready for a big breakfast that would probably slow me down for the rest of the day, but I didn’t care because it was my birthday. How many times did you turn eighteen?


Kohl
Today was the day I was going to tell her everything.  It was her birthday, she was going to start the transformation today no matter what and I would help her with it. I remember asking her how she and her adoptive parents had picked her birthday and she showed me a bracelet when we had returned to her house. I remembered it instantly. Jayde’s parents had given it to her. It was silver with jade embedded in various parts of the small bracelet. In the center it simply read: 
Jayde
06-20-95
She had told me it was the only thing that was left with her when she was found. There was no doubt in my mind that this was the Jayde, I was searching for. My Uncle William would have been proud to know I had found her.
I closed my cell phone. Philip was worried sick that I was still following her, but I couldn’t get Jayde to Encante until she could transform and I wasn’t leaving her alone when that sleeze ball of an ex-boyfriend still lurking around.
 Something about Jayde despite all my better instincts was telling me to be with her as much as I possibly could. Yesterday by the Solimões we had an incredible conversation and even though she doesn’t know she’s Encatado she sure does know a lot about the legends. If she was more superstitious she would have probably put two and two together, but as of yesterday she hadn’t even considered the possibility.  It was just a fun story to her. 
I walked to the river, preparing for a morning swim. I had to be in perfect condition if I wanted to attend Jayde’s party that meant no fins hiding under a hat. I jumped in after I checked that no one was around and morphed. 
It felt good to be an animal again. I swam deep into the river almost meeting into the ocean but not going completely in. I appreciated everything about the change, the feel of the ocean, the look of the fish with an ocean haze, the unique sound of moving water while under water.  This is the form I enjoyed the most. I got the best thinking done. The dolphin in me was just smarter or so I believed. I swam around thinking of the best way to break a completely different world to Jayde without scaring her away. I don’t know if she would run screaming immediately if I told her, but if I showed her she might run even faster. There didn’t look like an easy solution to this problem.  
After a few hours of mindlessly swimming, I morphed back into my human form. All signs of fishyness were gone. I had exactly twenty four hours before they came back and I was planning on being in Encante by then with Jayde. I dressed and started my stroll to Jayde’s house. 
Yesterday, I had met her parents and they had dismissed me quickly probably assuming I would last as long as the other flings Jayde had. It was a little unnerving that she submitted to the magic so easily. Without even knowing it, Jayde was a supreme seductress, drawing any human male that was near her to fall for her in a matter of seconds.  It baffled me that she hadn’t figured out the huge impact she had on her “best friend” Julio. The guy was madly in love with her and seemed to have never told her. The fact that Jayde hadn’t figured it out made me worry about her judgment again. After all she would be co-ruler of Encante-North she needed to have some brains in that beautiful head of hers if she wanted to leave her mark and help in ending this never ending war with Sy. 
I turned the corner to Jayde’s house it was still early enough that people wouldn’t be showing up. I wasn’t really excited to have to think about fighting off the magic for an entire night just to keep an eye on Jayde. I was hoping to get her out of there early enough and leave. I had been here too long and it was about time I returned before Sy figured out where I was. 
“Kohl!” Jayde said walking down her front porch in a deep green mini dress that matched her eyes perfectly. It was heart stopping when she halted in front of me. “You’re here!” She said barely able to suppress the bright smile on her face. “Julio and I have been decorating all morning, I can’t wait to show you what we have done.” She said pulling me towards the house. 
I stopped her on the porch. “Jayde,” she turned around her face slightly flushed and hew eyes wide. I kissed her cheek. “Happy Birthday.” 
“Thank you,” she said a deeper blush coming to her cheeks telling me she was a little startled by my display. She reached for my hand again and I followed her into her house. One thing that made me feel better about Jayde being taken from Encante was she still lived in the lap of luxury. Her father was a military official for Brazil and although he was rarely home to manage Jayde’s antics he provided a comfortable setting for Jayde and her mother. Jayde’s mother didn’t work but instead baked and cooked like every meal was for royalty. Today for the party I knew she would be pulling out all the stops for Jayde. Most of all I appreciated that Jayde had the love of two parents. Something Sy and I didn’t have and if she had stayed in Encante wouldn’t have had either.  
“The party is going to be in the sunroom. Julio and my dad have been moving tables all day.” She said a proud grin on her face. “If you’d like you can help me hang the banners.” She said coyly hoping I would rather stay with her than go help the other men in her life. 
“Why are you already dressed?” I asked as I sat beside her and unpackaged several banners. 
“I was too excited to wait.” She replied without even breaking the smile she had been wearing ever since I had arrived. “Let’s put this sign here,” she said as she opened a small step ladder that I climbed and tacked the sign up with little help from Jayde. I climbed down and saw Jayde not wearing that perfect smile anymore. Her eyebrows were scrunched together in frustration or pain I couldn’t decide. 
“Are you okay?” I asked when she didn’t even register that I had hung two more of the large birthday banners in their allotted places.
“I’ve been having the worst headache today.” She answered still not fully recovered from the headache I assumed was the onset of her manifestation. She was turning tonight whether she knew it or not. 
“You know sometimes a bath or cup of water is all you need to get rid of a really bad headache.” She looked at me oddly for a few minutes.
“I’ve never heard of such a remedy.” She said as she grabbed a water bottle simultaneously. She drank most of the water in one gulp and the softening of the lines on her face told me I was right. She was transforming. “I actually feel better,” she said and kissed my cheek. “Thanks.”
I was starting to worry I didn’t know how this was going to go without her having any knowledge of what she was. My first transformation had taken two or three hours but I knew what to expect and how to channel all my magic into changing faster to make it less painful. How long would it take for Jayde if she couldn’t channel her energy into the morph or if she didn’t even know what was happening to her body?  Would she even be able to handle the pain if she couldn’t figure out how to make herself change?
My cell phone began to ring as it always did at the most inconvenient times. “I have to take this,” I said mostly to Jayde as I walked out to the front garden of Jayde’s house. Her house was a large two story stone house that was a resounding yellow. “Hello,” I answered already knowing who it would be on the other line.”
“Your majesty, I have some important news for you.” Philip’s usual no nonsense tone came through. 
“And what would that be?” I asked already knowing why he was calling.
“According to one of our spies it appears that Sy knows what you are up to.” 
“Does he know I’m here?” 
“I’m not sure, but I think it would be advisable if I insisted that you come back tonight.” He pleaded.
“Philip, I’m working on it she’s going to change tonight I know it and then I’ll leave, but I can’t rush it. This is a new life and you can’t force something like this onto someone.” 
“I know you are completely right, sire, but I feel that you are running out of time. Sy has to be planning something by now so he can get Jayde into his grasp. There is no telling what he will do.” 
“Philip, this will be resolved tonight just give me a few hours.” I said and hung up. I turned around to find Julio on the porch eyeing me suspiciously. I wonder how much he had overheard or was he intentionally eavesdropping. Either way he wasn’t staying in my good graces.
“Problem, Julio?” I asked as I walked up the few stairs of the porch. 
“I don’t trust you.” He said coldly. I couldn’t fault him for being honest.
“I haven’t done anything to make you not trust me.” I replied calmly.
“But if Jayde likes you than there is something wrong with you.”
“No one’s perfect.” I said walking past Julio and back into the sunroom. 
“Took you long enough.” Jayde said handing me another package of plastic cups that she was strategically placing into a formation towering over the table. 



Chapter 5: What Are You?
Jayde
Finally, after four hours of prep work with Kohl and Julio, it was time for the party. I couldn’t wait to see how tonight was going to go. How many people were going to show up and if Kohl would even attempt to actually kiss me tonight? Most guys, after just meeting me just wanted to get me in bed. Kohl hadn’t even attempted to try to kiss me, except for the kiss on the cheek. That was the most action he had given me. I was confused as to where we stood.
“Cars are pulling up.” Julio said dragging me to the door to greet them. I was going to stay focused and behave tonight. Even though it was a party, I had enough restraint to not get lost in the atmosphere, I had to behave I didn’t want to embarrass myself in front of Kohl. 
“Hi,” Ana Maria said walking through the front door with several other girls whose names I couldn’t quite recall. She had attended all my parties not because she liked me but because she liked Julio. She never was mean to me so I overlooked the fact that she didn’t like me.
“Welcome,” I said giving them each a hug, “Thanks for coming, the food is in the sunroom.” I continued as the next rush of people came in and I acknowledged everyone and after enough people had come. I sent Julio to turn on some music because no party is complete without music and dancing.
The crowd entering had lagged after the first half hour and I finally got a break to talk to Kohl alone. He was stiff and uncomfortable. 
“Relax,” I whispered in his ear. 
“I am,” He replied still not losing his uptight demeanor. It added to his allure. If the way the other girls were watching him was any indication.
“You don’t look it,” I teased, hoping to ease whatever anxiety he was feeling. I looked out the window to see if any more people were coming and saw one of the worst sights imaginable. Antonio dressed all in black as usual was opening the front gate and heading towards the front porch and apparently he had brought friends. This could not be good. I looked over at Kohl worried. When we talked the first night he had blatantly expressed how much he disliked Antonio and from the even more rigid stance he had taken he had seen Antonio as well. Antonio opened the front door, ignored Kohl and pulled me roughly into his arms. 
“Jayde, you look beautiful tonight.” He said touching my cheek with his rough, calloused hands. I pulled away hoping he’d get the hint and noticed an even odder sight. Kohl and the other guy Antonio had brought were staring daggers at each other. 
“Why are you here?” I said ignoring Kohl and Antonio’s friend and getting back to making my ex-boyfriend leave.
“It’s your birthday, Jayde love, I would never miss it.” He replied, touching my face. 
“No!” I snapped firmly and slapped his hand away from my face. 
“Jayde, babe, don’t be this way. We argue and make up it’s what we always do.” 
“I told you before Antonio, it’s over. We are over. I want you to leave.” I said still trying to hold my ground with no support.
“Jayde, I know you’re mad, but it’s me.” Antonio tried grabbing my arm and pulling me towards the door. “Stay mad, but you have to come with me and at least see the gift I got you.”   
I struggled to pull away, but Antonio’s grip was firm. 
“Let go of her.” Kohl snarled with enough pent up anger to make a smart person run.
“Make me.” Antonio shot back and continued dragging me out the door, but Kohl didn’t miss a beat and a punch to the stomach left me free to run back into the house. The large man that had accompanied Antonio seemed a lot bigger when he picked me up and threw me over his shoulder while Kohl was still laying punches into Antonio. 
A crowd was starting to form and Julio came running towards the giant carrying me. I was squirming and punching and kicking, but the guy was too big for me to even lay a dent.
“What the hell do you think you’re doing?” Julio shouted turning the massive guy around, but he pushed Julio onto the lawn and continued walking not even flinching when I continued to pummel him with my hands and legs. 
“Let go of me!” I screamed, but he didn’t budge and no one else from the party seemed to be willing to get involved. Julio was shaking Kohl out of his fury and away from the limp Antonio. They both came rushing out of the front gate and down the street the insanely monstrous man was carrying me down. We stopped at a blue sedan and he opened the trunk and dropped me in. Thankfully he didn’t get a chance to close me in when Kohl came in tackling him onto the street. They fell to the ground and Julio was there pulling me out of the trunk. 
“Oh my god, Jayde! What’s going on?” He said standing me up. I tried to not think about the pounding in my head that was already making a terrible situation worse. I looked over at Kohl who didn’t seem to have much of an upper hand. 
“Help him,” I pleaded with Julio, but he wasn’t budging. “Julio, please help him.” I begged, but he still didn’t move. So I got to work elbowing the brick wall of a man in the back. He let out an ‘oomph’ but continued striking Kohl. I kept doing it until finally, he pushed me away knocking me to the ground. I couldn’t believe this was actually happening. It was my birthday, I was almost kidnapped, my new sort of boyfriend was getting his butt kicked and my head was pounding hard enough to make thinking impossible.
To make matters worse I turned around to see Julio and Antonio wrestling. When did Antonio wake up? This was a disaster. So how the next thing happened I couldn’t tell you why or how it worked, but it did. 
“Stop!” I shouted and every wrestling man halted looking at me nearly frozen in position. 
“Jayde,” Kohl said as he was the first one to move. “Breathe,” I exhaled and everyone but Kohl collapsed to the ground.  Everyone else was getting up and preparing to start their fighting again, but I couldn’t take it.
“Don’t move,” I snapped and the large man, Julio, and Antonio didn’t move. 
“Jayde, I don’t want to hurt you.” Antonio said again but not moving. “But you have to come with us. You don’t even know this guy, he’s lying to you.” 
I looked at Kohl, “I’m not lying to her, but why don’t you tell her what you’re hiding.” Kohl retorted heatedly. 
“I think all of you are no good for Jayde.” Julio interrupted angrily. “Jayde, let’s go back to your party and forget about these asses.” I should have went with Julio, the rational part of me screamed to leave all these strange boys behind and go with my best friend. The other part of me that I didn’t completely understand told me this wasn’t over and if I walked away now I’d still end up in the middle of this again. 
“Julio, go back to the party and take care of everything. I’ll be there in a few.” I said as calmly as I could with my head ready to explode. Julio’s eyes widened in disbelief, but he listened and headed back to my house where everyone was watching from the front lawn. “Okay now the three of you are going to tell me what the hell is going on.” I said to the remaining men in front of me. 
“Jayde baby, I have somewhere I wanna take you so you can be safe from this monster.” Antonio said still not budging. “You are changing and you need to be safe.” 
“Changing?” I looked at Kohl whose face was unreadable. I looked at the other guy, who was just wearing a look of pure anger. “What the hell are you talking about? Have you been drinking again, Antonio?” The large man couldn’t seem to take to his nonmoving stance anymore and went for Kohl again, but what Kohl did was unbelievable.  
Kohl started to mummer something under his breathe and the enormous giant of a man flew to the ground without being touched by Kohl or Antonio. The colossal guy fought with all his might to get up, but he couldn’t fight whatever was happening. 
“Jayde, that isn’t normal.” Antonio said again, pleading with me to come with him. He was right that wasn’t normal. 
“What are you?” I asked looking at Kohl. 
He dropped his focus from the man and only held his hand to him. His dark eyes locked on me. “I wanted to tell you this. I wanted to make it as easy as possible for you, Jayde.” Kohl replied a remorseful look covering his beautifully, dark features. 
“Tell me what?” I asked not understanding still what was going on around me. All of these people were hiding something and I was going to know one way or the other. 
“I told you he was lying, Jayde.” Antonio continued effectively cutting off Kohl. 
“Shut up, Antonio!” I shouted making him step back. 
“Jayde, I didn’t lie to you.” Kohl started.  “I’m really not from around here, I’ve told you that, but I didn’t tell you why I was here. I came here for you.” He said as earnestly as he could muster. I gulped. Was Antonio right? Was this guy a monster? Why else would anybody be looking for me? “I know that doesn’t sound right, but if I can just explain everything to you, you will understand.” 
“Explain.” I said angrily. Why couldn’t I just meet a nice, normal guy, why did trouble follow me around like a lost puppy?
“It’s a long story; that’s pretty unbelievable if we can go somewhere private.” Kohl said, but Antonio was already walking towards him ready to start another fight. 
“Like hell you are going anywhere with her…” he started with a rush of profanities following. 
“Antonio,” I said frustrated that he was still trying to attack this person that could do a lot of damage without even touching him. He looked at me still angry, but it started to subside as time passed. Kohl looked at me still pleading for me to come along with him. 
“How can I trust you?” I asked a lot calmer than my mile-a-minute-thoughts would have me be.
“I won’t lie to you, Jayde. I’ve answered all your questions honestly. I’m not from around here and neither is Antonio or Arthur for that matter.” Kohl said coming near me again. I stepped back falling onto the hood of a red car parked by the street near my house. 
“What are all of you?” I asked actually afraid now. I had this eery feeling I was trapped in a bad sci-fi movie where aliens had come to abduct me.
“Don’t be afraid I won’t hurt you.” Kohl said again attempting to move closer to me. He sat on the hood of the car beside me. I couldn’t seem to move or run I just watched him slowly sit beside me and lay a hand on my shoulder. “You remember yesterday by the river?” 
I nodded cautiously still keeping my eyes on the three guys. The massive man named Arthur was still on the ground from whatever spell Kohl had cast on him. Antonio was standing near the car but not too close, just listening to what Kohl had to say. 
“We talked about the legends of freshwater dolphins.”
“Encantado,” I replied. 
“Yes, well that’s what we are.” Kohl said it without even a hint of a lie. 
“You’re kidding right? That’s just some story, Kohl. It’s not actually true.” I said losing all the fear I had once had and getting ready to return to my party minus some whack jobs. 



Chapter 6: Seriously
Kohl
 I had finally told her what I was and identified Sy’s lackeys and she laughed in my face and started walking away. This was not how I expected her to take it. Some screaming, maybe running but after everything she had just seen from my abilities to hers, she still thought I was the crazy one. 
“Jayde.” I called after her. She stopped and turned around. 
“Kohl, I don’t know what kind of prank you guys are pulling, but I’m out.” I took a few long strides to catch up with her as Antonio continued to try and get Arthur the Sleaze out of my hex. 
“It’s not a joke everything you told me yesterday is true…Okay some of it is true. I’m one of them and so are you.” I said hoping she started putting everything together, but instead the look she gave me said she thought I was completely insane. 
“Are you crazy, Kohl? Do you see my forehead? Do you see fins?” She said heatedly. 
“We don’t necessarily always have telltale signs like the legends say. That’s only when we get sloppy.”
“Sloppy?” She shrilled still walking at a much faster pace now past her house. 
“It is required of us to transform or seek out water occasionally to avoid signs of fishyness.” She stopped and listened to me like something was telling her it was true.  “If we don’t we develop those telltale signs from legends.” 
“If what you say is true, why don’t I have any tell tale signs?” She retorted still showing her anger and the fact that she didn’t believe a word I had said. 
“You just turned eighteen today. The headaches you are having are only the beginning.” I said as gently as I could. I wish I could tell if she believed me or not but it was hard to read her when she was this angry. Hell, I wasn’t sure she knew what she was feeling. 
“What else will happen?” She asked still every bit as guarded, but she started walking beside me at a reasonable pace. 
“An unquenchable thirst, stomach cramps, chills…”
“And the cure?”
“Transformation.” 
“How do you know I’m like you?” She really was sharper than I gave her credit for. She accepted everything I said and snapped back with a question that gave her the most information. 
“Jayde, I’ve been looking for you since I started my reign and before that my uncle has spent the last fourteen years looking for you. I knew it was you the second I found you. Your bracelet was the final confirmation.” 
“Why?”
“You’re drawn to parties like a moth to a flame, you remember that from the stories? You surround yourself with boys because everywhere you turn they are always around you.” I knew she didn’t want to believe it I could tell as she thought back trying to find something, anything to negate what I was saying. “It’s very hard for you to keep your male friends from being just friends, besides Julio, but if you haven’t noticed I think he’s very in love with you, too.” 
“No, you’re wrong.” She said started to get red spots of anger blemishing her normally perfect caramel complexion.
“Jayde, it all adds up. You’re adopted, you’re wild, even when you wish you weren’t, your inner control over the opposite sex, your headache went away when you drank water, you only feel whole when you’re swimming. It all adds up.” The tears were welling in her eyes, but she was trying not to cry. 
“Tell me you’re lying.” She begged, grabbing my hand in a last hope I’d say I was joking. I knew it was weak of me but I wrapped my arms around her as she started to cry. 
“I’m not, but we have more pressing matters, Jayde.” 
“Arthur and Antonio work for Sy. He’s the ruler of Encante-South and he wants to get his hands on you too.” 
“Why am I so special?” She sobbed and I squeezed her tightly and let her go. 
“Because you’re the end of the war.” I said as I started to pull her along so we could get to the river before the hex wore off. “I have to get you to Encante-North to make sure you’re safe.” 
She stopped and pulled out of my grasp. “How do I know you’re not the bad guy?” 
“I’ve known you two days, I’ve never lied, I will tell you everything once we get to Encante-North and if you don’t support my cause you are free to come back here or go to Sy. I have to warn you that Sy may not be as easygoing as I am, but in the end it’s your choice.” 
“What about my family?” She asked, looking back at her house and still not moving when we needed to be in the water already. 
“You can call them and say goodbye or tell them you ran away. You can visit when it’s safe.” Her green eyes again welled with unshed tears. 
“Will they be safe?” 
“They don’t know anything about this so yes.”
She nodded and continued with me to the river. Jayde was really handling this situation a lot better than I thought she would.
We reached the river in record time. I started to strip off most of what I was wearing but Jayde just stood there staring at the water. 
Damn, it was her first transformation, I needed to talk her through it fast. 
“Okay, Jayde, to transform you have to really focus.” 
“I want to call my parents first.” She said defiantly. 
I handed her my cell phone not even bothering to argue. 

Jayde
Kohl handed me his phone without another word. I couldn’t even stop my head from spiraling with everything I learned. I dialed my number into the phone with minimal shaking. Kohl noticed, but didn’t say a word he seemed agitated but this was my chance to tell my parents and run. That’s what I had been planning, go to the river let him get in and run off. Only problem was he was waiting for me to get in the water, first. 
I dialed the number and it went to my mother’s voicemail. “Hi mom, it’s Jayde. The party is going great afterwards I’m heading out with Kohl and a few other people. See you when I get back. Bye. I love you guys.” I said and quickly hung up the phone. Kohl stopped pacing and came towards me. 
“All set?” I nodded and avoided looking at his barely clothed body, and focusing on the point that he was kidnapping me. “We are going in the water, get undressed.” 
“I’ll go in like this,” I said hoping he’d drop the issue. 
“It will be hard to morph with a heavy dress on.” he said again not even bothering to argue. I slid out of my dress and was left in my new underwear and bra. 
“It really is you.” He said for the first time with a sincere smile.
“How do you know?” I asked confused. He lifted my arm and showed me my birthmark. Oddly, enough it looked like an outline of a dolphin, something I never put together until now. “So?” 
He lifted his arm to show his side and he had the exact same mark. “It’s a sign of royalty.” He said with a typical Kohl slight smile. I didn’t even want to start wrapping my brain around my royal birthmark. 
“Get in the river, Antonio and Arthur should be close now.” 
“Aren’t there piranhas?” I asked not ready to lose a limb. 
“They won’t bother you.” He responded matter of factly.
I looked at my dress longingly, I still was hoping to get a chance to run so I did as he said and stepped into the water but something else happened.
 The world seemed to tilt and everything snapped into place. All the impracticalness of the situation seemed perfectly reasonable now. My thoughts focused on the fact that I had something in me that only made sense in the water. Kohl got into the water behind me. 
“Do you remember when you stopped the fights?” I nodded. “What did you feel?”
“Angry, frustrated, confused,” I said.
“Okay, focus all your confused emotions into transforming.”
“How?”
I seemed to have gotten him with that one. He had to stop and think. 
“Okay, think about swimming. Being completely at peace and free.” He said it into my ear no more than a whisper. If this had happened yesterday I would have been swooning with everything I thought I felt for Kohl. Now, I wish he would step back and just get on with this lesson. I closed my eyes trying to listen to what he had said, but nothing felt different. “Think about transforming.” He said again this time from beside me. 
“Wouldn’t it be easier if you showed me?” I asked. He looked at me like I’d grown another head. 
“It wouldn’t help you. Ninety percent of transforming is mental, you won’t be able to see what I am thinking when I begin to transform.” I sighed and he told me to focus yet again. 
“Jayde!” Antonio shouted running through the small bit of rainforest we had come in through a few minutes before. “Get away from him.” 
“We need to go now!” Kohl said as he grabbed my hand and walked further into the river. I thought about all the animals that were rumored to be in this river. 
“Don’t be nervous, nothing will happen just morph we need to leave, Jayde.” I turned around again seeing Antonio and his big lackey racing towards the river after us. They were stripping down as quickly as possible. “Jayde, focus.” Kohl said. I nodded and despite my confusing feelings for Kohl, something told me I was safer with him than I would be with Antonio. I closed my eyes and fell.


Chapter 7: Welcome
Jayde
I had morphed just like Kohl had told me too. It was unbelievable I had fins instead of arms and legs and to top it all off the final breath I had taken when I transformed seemed to be causing my new lungs no issue. I looked in front of me at the dolphin leading the way. It was Kohl. He was long and graceful. The water caused a blueish haze when I looked at him, but just like the legends had said. He was a soft pink, almost white. He swam with purpose and I tried to meet him stride for stride. Hopefully, he was directing me towards Encante at least that’s what I had assumed. 
Don’t look behind us. I heard Kohl’s deep timbre in my head when Kohl’s tail fin tapped what used to be my arm. When we touch we can communicate. Arthur and Antonio are following fast so you need to pick up the pace. I started to swim faster catching up with Kohl and then he sped off again ahead of me. I barely caught up when I caught a glimpse of a something catching up with us. 
It had to be Arthur because even in dolphin form he was a monstrosity. He went ahead and  tried to take a bite at my tail fin. I pulled away racing faster to keep up with Kohl. Kohl took a sharp turn and we swam through to shallow water, but Antonio and Arthur stopped following. 
We are in Encante-North waters if they cross the lines, we are forced to start battling again. Kohl managed to communicate when we slowed down and swam through a relatively shallow river. Kohl morphed back into human form without the rest of his meager attire from before. Another man appeared with a robe he handed to Kohl. Kohl turned around after tying his robe shut. The much smaller man also had a silver tray, I couldn’t make out what was in it because I was still in the water.
“Jayde, to morph back, think about what you did before. Try to picture yourself in human form.” I focused for several minutes and felt my limbs elongate. Everything seemed to snap back into place, but this weird longing was with me. I actually felt uncomfortable being human again; I sort of missed being a dolphin. This is when I was calling it, I had officially lost my ever loving mind. 
The shorter man next to him handed me a soft, plush robe. 
“Philip, this is Jayde. Jayde, this is my assistant, Philip.” I looked over Kohl’s assistant, he had a protruding fin peaking through at the tip of his golden hairline. He was extremely pale compared to Kohl, but other than that he seemed normal enough. Philip was rather unremarkable. I finally saw a single cell phone sitting on a tray that Philip handed to me after I had put on my robe. 
“Welcome to Encante-North, Lady Jayde. That phone should have all the same information as your old phone.” Philip said with a polite bow in front of me. “I will show you to your room so you can shower and change.” I looked at Kohl who was trying to suppress a smile. 
“How did you do that?” I asked staring at the new phone. 
“Philip, give her a chance to breathe. I think we need to talk before we part.” Kohl said escorting me off of the little beach and towards one of the biggest houses I had ever seen. “Philip is a little bit of a computer whiz.” Kohl commented when his assistant walked away.
“Wow…do…d-do…” I stammered taking my first look at the ornate building in front of me. The million questions I had about the cell phone, island, and Kohl all seemed to cease as I looked at the foreboding four story building glaring back at us. 
“This is the royal mansion.” Kohl said not even attempting to hide his smile. Ever since we had arrived he was a million more times laid back than the Kohl I had first met. This was the real Kohl I could feel it and oddly enough I was starting to like this one a lot more. “So technically it’s our mansion.”
“Our mansion?” I asked, the skepticism obvious. He held the door as we walked into the open, bright foyer. 
“Jayde, the reason you are so important is because Encante originated with three ruling families. The families equally shared power and collectively made decisions about all of Encante. Seventeen years ago, Sy’s father, Syrus dissented against our fathers. He thought that our fathers didn’t have the best interests for Encante and he planned to overthrow our parents and be the sole ruler of Encante.” He led me into an office where he motioned for me to take a seat.  
“Only problem was our parents didn’t take it sitting down, sides were drawn that’s how Encante-North and South were created. The people took sides and everything was separated. Syrus wasn’t thrilled with the dissection of Encante, he wanted to rule all of it so the battle continued. It was nasty and there were many casualties, our parents and Sy’s mother included. During one of the last battles led by our parents, the Battle of the Amazon, your parents were trying to put you into hiding when they were ambushed and killed. Apparently you were overlooked and later that day a human family found you before my uncle was able to get away and search for you. You are the last person in your line. Originally being that there were three families we each would have married individuals our parents had chosen. After the division, however, being that you are the only female in the line, that makes things a lot trickier. You will essentially end the war if you marry Sy or me.”
I couldn’t help but gape as he said the last part. “If that were to occur majority would rule as had before the war. It would be assumed that the minority would relinquish power and accept that the majority would rule over all of Encante. It would destroy the idea of multi-reigning families, but it would effectively end the war and that is better for Encante than anything else.”  He said seriously. That air of authority, I thought was just Kohl being protective was him being a freaking King.
“So were you trying to make me fall for you in Brazil?” I asked angry about what was expected of me. I had just turned eighteen, with not a care in the world. Now I was some type of Queen for a mythical species who was destined to end a multi-decade long war by getting married. When was this nightmare going to be over?
“No, Jayde, I just wanted you to trust me enough to come back to Encante. This is where you belong this is our jurisdiction even without being married. I really would hope you stay, but once you learn more about us and everything there is to know about the war and my cause I want you to make the best decision for you. I can set up a meeting with Sy if you like when you are settled.” 
“I think I’d like to settle in maybe get some clothes first.” I said suddenly feeling this robe wasn’t much as clothing went. 
“Sure,” Kohl said that rogue smile I hadn’t seen since I got here making another appearance. “I’ll show you to your room and living quarters.” 
“Living quarters?” I choked out surprised.
“Of course, this place is huge, it’s nice to have your own personal space that you can just live in.” Kohl said directing me out of the small den we were sitting in to a massive white marble staircase in the front hall. “My private quarters are in the East wing and yours are in the North. The servants stay in the West wing and the south wing on the first and second floor are for official royal business.  So it’s mostly meeting rooms, a large dining hall, a throne room…” 
“A throne room?” I repeated in disbelief that I was here. 
“Well it’s mostly for show we don’t actually use it.” He said starting up the winding marble staircase. I followed behind oogling the statues and paintings hanging by the stairs in the long, bright hallway we entered at the top of the staircase. After some walking, Kohl opened two massive white double doors. 
“This is your private quarters.” Kohl started. He walked in but I stopped at the doorway taking it all in. “Over here,” he said walking past the large living area to a door on the left. “This is your bedroom and bathroom, you should find everything you need while you’re here.” I walked in taking a quick peek through the door he opened. “And this door…” he said walking to a door on the other side of the room, “Is a small kitchen and dining room. If you don’t want to go downstairs for formal dinner or breakfast, you can make whatever you want in here. It should be stocked already. If not just tell me and I’ll have Philip or Isadora on it.” I nodded and looked into the decently sized personal kitchen with a large counter with chairs and a small booth nestled in the corner with a large picture window showing a phenomenal view of the forest and ocean. 
“This is for me?” I asked still not grasping it. It was time for me to wake up. Kohl walked in after me and pinched me. “Ow” I said. 
“You’re not dreaming.” He joked.
“How did you know that’s what I was thinking?”
“Just a hunch.” He responded with a shrug. He opened my fridge which was fully stocked with anything I’d possibly need. He closed it back up. 
“After you shower and change, we should meet downstairs for an early dinner. Are you hungry?” 
“A little.” I said feeling the hunger pangs as soon as he mentioned it. 
“Okay, I’ll answer anymore questions you have and maybe you can come to my meeting today.”
“Meeting?” I asked knowing it was stupid. 
“With some of the royal advisors, we have to talk about a sturdy defense now that you are here and prepare for Sy’s retaliation for a few days or weeks.” 
“Does Sy normally have a temper when he doesn’t get his way?” I asked worried to even meet this other guy.
“He’s not as volatile as he sounds but he wants you whether he admits it or not and Sy will do anything to get his way. He wants to end this just as badly as I do.” He walked out into my living area again. “Get ready, meet me in the den we were in before.” I nodded and walked into a large living area looking at the soft sky blue sofas and the tan walls with the white paneling below and white crown moldings. The rooms were fit for a queen and it was all mine.
This place was a lot nicer than my house. I couldn’t believe I was supposed to stay here. I wandered into the massive bedroom. Pink and blue flowers lined the cream colored walls in a timeless fashion. The bed was bigger than anything I had ever seen before. It had a wooden frame with spiraled poles coming up at each corner of the massive king sized bed. I walked over to my bed, it still felt surreal. I took a closer look at the spiraled wood, which ironically had dolphins carved into it. 
A knock at my door shook me out of my disbelieving haze. A small, older woman with the reddest hair I’d ever seen walked in. “I’m Isadora. I’m you’re maid. King Kohl sent me in to make sure you could find everything and to start your bath.” 
“Oh that’s not necessary, Isadora. I can start my own bath.” 
“Then I will set up your attire for the day.” She responded opening the surprisingly full closet right next to my bathroom. She pulled out a light green flowing halter dress and a dark green short sleeve blazer. Since she was going to dress me at least she was doing a darn good job of it. I walked in the bathroom. Two sinks set into a white marble counter with white drawers below. The walls were a sky blue similar to the flowers in my bedroom. Further in there was a standup shower all glass with glass tile inside, it was the same blue as the walls with a grey glass dolphin in the center followed by smaller fish. It was gorgeous. I looked at the large white tub and the blue glass handles that were also on the sinks. I couldn’t believe it wasn’t a dream. 
After one of the most luxurious showers of my life, I came out into my room to find Isadora still patiently waiting for me. 
“Isadora, I can dress myself but thank you for all your help.” 
“If I leave, who will do your make up and hair?” Isadora asked like it was the most obvious conclusion in the world. I gave in and she tousled my hair and finished my makeup. It was something I could definitely get used to. Isadora was a sweetheart too, she was a newlywed her husband was a gardener at the mansion and she had taken this job the moment she heard it was available. Although she seemed maybe a decade or two older than me I could see us getting along well. Apparently, Kohl had been preparing for my return for the last six months and had hired Isadora to make everything as feminine and homey as possible. So all the clothes, furniture, food, and anything else I could imagine was here because of Isadora. 
“King Kohl said he would like to meet you in the dining room for dinner. I can escort you if you don’t know where it is.” 
“Thank you, Isadora, I’d appreciate that greatly.”



Chapter 8: Lost Her
Sy
Encante-South
I knew today was going to be a bad day when Reggie appeared extra jumpy as he fetched my morning coffee. To watch his extra weight jiggle as he jumped at the sound of my voice did help a little in improving my humor for the day, but I was wired tight for any news about Jayde. I walked into my first meeting and they were harassing me about the whereabouts of Jayde, making my day increasingly worse. I had Arthur on the job that meant everything should be going according to plan, but he hadn’t checked in for hours and it was starting to worry me. I couldn’t lose Jayde to Kohl. If he got Jayde to believe his lies, this will be a losing battle. I don’t want to even think of conceding to Kohl and losing my power in Encante. I deserved it. Kohl’s family were manipulative liars and I couldn’t lose to that. Encante would destroy itself.
“Majesty,” Reggie rushed in, his full face red in embarrassment or anxiety. “Arthur is back.” 
“And?” When he didn’t say anything and just reddened, I continued. “Is Jayde with him?” Reggie rushed out of the doors and came back in a few seconds later with Arthur and Antonio dressed in robes. 
“Your Majesty, I’m sorry to inform you that Kohl has custody of Jayde.” Arthur said genuflecting in front of my seat. “I will infiltrate enemy lines to retrieve her if that’s what you need of me.” Arthur continued. Even though I was pissed beyond reason he was trying to remedy a situation I could tell was mostly Antonio’s fault. I willed myself to stop seeing red, I had work to do. I couldn’t let my temper blind me to what mattered. I needed Jayde.
“What happened?” I ground out trying to not let any of the men know how angry I really was. Antonio looked at Arthur before he began speaking. He wasn’t as confident as he was when he had previously entered my chambers. 
“Today is Jayde’s birthday. She was having a birthday party so we attended. Kohl was there and recognized Arthur quickly. I tried to convince Jayde to come with me but I believe Kohl had already begun brainwashing her. She wanted to stay with him.” 
“Explain the bruises?” I continued looking at Antonio’s swollen lip, black eye, and Arthur’s bruises. They had taken a beating by who was the more important question.
“Well I got into an altercation with one of Jayde’s friends Julio and Kohl.  Arthur was also attacked by Julio and Kohl.” 
“Jayde is the one we are looking for she hexed us to stop the altercation.” Arthur interrupted. “I had custody of Jayde until I was attacked. Kohl hexed me and ran off with Jayde. Antonio and I followed them to the river, where Jayde successfully transformed, to the start of Encante-North territory.” 
“So Kohl has her. Reggie, get in touch with his assistant. I need her back before Kohl does anymore damage.” Reggie with a terse nod, waddled out of the room to complete his task. 
“Arthur, I’d like you to arrest Antonio for the same charges we had previously discussed. He failed his mission and will now be reprimanded for his actions.” 
“But I couldn’t have done anything different!” Antonio angrily retorted. 
“You could have brought her to me years ago!” I snapped back. Antonio could never take a hint. “Get him away from me Arthur.” 
Arthur quickly obliged and had two guards escorting Antonio away from my quarters in a matter of moments. I watched as Antonio fought and attempted to squirm out of the guards’ grasps but they maintained a grip on him and he was quickly gone. 
“Arthur, what the hell happened?” 
“I don’t know what Jayde and Antonio’s relationship is but it is clear that it was over. She didn’t even want to look at him when he greeted her.”
“So in other words he screwed it up.” I grumbled.
“I’m afraid so. If it helps I don’t think she is anymore trusting of Kohl now that she knows the truth.”
“If that were true, why is she in Encante-North?” I snapped back not even suppressing the contempt I felt for this situation. 
“Maybe we can set up a meeting with Jayde and Kohl. He will want to keep up with the guidelines that have been set in place regarding this situation.” Arthur offered. 
I wanted to laugh. Kohl had won, he had Jayde. If I was him, I would never agree to let Jayde visit or meet with the competition. 
“Maybe,” I said trying to ease the tension Arthur and Reggie were feeling in my presence. 

Kohl
Isodora had dressed Jayde in a dress that made me forget my name. 
“Do you like it?” Jayde asked self-consciously when she walked into the smaller dining room. 
“You are certainly ready to impress.” I said trying to conceal the feelings I shouldn’t have been feeling for her. Sure, she was beautiful and I was almost sure she’d be a great ruler, but I had to keep in mind the kingdom came first. I couldn’t afford to think with anything other then my head. 
“What are we having?” Jayde asked as she sat in the chair beside mine. 
“It’s one of the chef’s signature dishes. It’s a grilled tuna steak with grilled and marinated vegetables and usually potatoes, either mashed or roasted.” 
“Sounds delicious.” She said showing a relaxed smile. She was getting more comfortable the longer she was here. I thought this would all be too much for her but she was taking this better than I could have imagined. She hadn’t remained angry and even seemed to be getting along with the maid I had hired for her. 
“What would you like to drink?” I asked when Davis came bearing multiple wines and juices on a tray. 
She pointed at a bottle of water and Davis poured it into a glass laid out before her. 
“So what is your meeting about?” 
“Well to be honest we have to start building our defense now that you are here.”
“Because of Sy?” 
“Yes, I’m not sure what exactly he’ll do when he finds out you’re here but he will be up to something.”
“Do you still want me to sit in on the meeting?” She asked nervously. Her hands were on her lap twisting a cloth napkin. She was trying to hide her anxiousness. 
“Technically it’s your meeting too.” She smiled at that.
“You can keep saying I’m some sort of queen, but I just can’t believe it.” 
“Like I said I don’t want you to do anything until you’re ready. Just watch this meeting. Try to grasp an understanding of what’s going on in Encante. Learn the protocol and we can go from there.” 
“I thought I had to choose which territory I wanted to be a part of before I ruled?”
“Technically, without even marrying this was your parents’ territory and it’s yours now, if you want it.” She leaned back into the massively ornate dining chair making her look small.
“Maybe I’ll just take it one day at a time.” She said sounding wiser than I would have previously guessed about her. 
“Did you have any other questions for me?” I asked when a silence fell between us when our salads came out. 
“Why didn’t I grow up here?” She asked her piercing gaze enthralling me. 
“Your parents didn’t think it was safe for you here. You were only a baby, Sy and I are four years older and could at least listen to our parents. They were taking you to a particular friend we keep on the other side, but they never made it there. They were ambushed and killed by some of Syrus’s soldiers. Your parents must have hid you right before the ambush, because they didn’t kill or kidnap you.” She nodded trying to blink back tears. “After the meeting I could show you some pictures of them.” I said knowing what she was feeling. She probably didn’t even know her parents’ names. 
I watched her wipe away the few stray tears she had shed. “I’m sorry, I just….”
“Their names were Christoph and Sarah.” She nodded new tears coming to her eyes. 
“I didn’t even know that.” She said this time not able to stop the waterworks. Before I even thought about it I was beside her hugging her, consoling her. Ignoring everything I had tried to drill into my head only a few minutes before. “I’m sorry,” she said dabbing at her eyes with the cloth napkin that was on her lap. “You must be a great king.” She finished with a sad chuckle. 
“Why is that?” I asked returning to my chair. 
“You care. Even though I don’t know a single thing about you, I can tell, you care.”
“You know about me.” I replied defensively thinking about the conversations we had when she was still oblivious to our world. I had spent an entire weekend sharing what I could with her.
“What?” She asked slightly returning to her usual cheerful mood.
“When we talked I was honest.” She rolled her eyes not buying anything I said.
“You are a businessman?” she asked coyly. 
“No, but the personality traits I was honest about. I like to swim. I was raised by my uncle. I came into power at nineteen, which I didn’t mention. My parents died when I was six. I really do keep to myself after what happened, it’s really hard to trust knowing there are people out there out to get you.” 
She looked at me her eyes wide. The butlers set our food in front of us in unison.
“There’s no point in lying.” I said taking a huge bite of the steak that was placed in front of me. She looked at me for few minutes more, she wanted to say something she just couldn’t figure out how to say it.



Chapter 9: Reacquainted
Jayde
A dozen or so men attended the meeting. They were much older than Kohl but seemed to be undoubtedly loyal to him. The meeting was beyond boring, but I did my best to pay attention. When it had started, Kohl couldn’t seem to get them to stop gawking at me. It was like they had never seen a girl before. To be honest it was creepy. Once he got everything in order they talked about soldier formations, covering the territory lines, and guarding Encante-North waters. That seemed to go on for hours. 
I stared around the ornate room taking everything in. The long mahogany table took up most of the room, providing a dark contrast to the white marble floors that seemed to stretch through the entire mansion.  The crown moldings in this room added to the regal effect and the gold detailing in the moldings and ceiling just made it all too opulent for a meeting room.
“Our final piece of business is: do you think it would be reasonable to organize a meeting for King Sy and Jayde, in accordance to the guidelines.” 
A tall man who was balding stood up. “I know that it is what the guidelines recommend but I think it is in our best interest if King Sy is not allowed contact with Lady Jayde, particularly alone. He would never allow for such a union if he were to have acquired Lady Jayde first.”
“But I don’t know how effective sheltering Lady Jayde from King Sy is when she is supposed to be a ruler. She needs to know the evil we are up against.” Another man with greying hair said as he stood. He seemed to have a lot of conviction for what he was saying, a lot more than anyone had shown throughout the meeting. I sat up paying closer attention.
“I think it would be best to hold a vote.” Kohl said settling the animosity that was brewing between the men. “Those in favor of Lady Jayde meeting King Sy raise your hand.” Kohl said glancing around the room he counted the hands and then took the count for the negatives.   “Okay the affirmatives have it. I will have Philip make contact with King Sy and get back to you all. Meeting adjourned.” Kohl said and stood from the head of the table. Someone stopped him from coming over to me and he politely stayed and chatted. One of the younger men from the meeting came up to me. 
“Lady Jayde, it truly is an honor to finally meet you. You look just like your mother.” I nodded politely hoping he wouldn’t want to discuss my parents any further. After having an emotional dinner I wasn’t prepared to start the waterworks again. I couldn’t understand why I had so much emotion for people I didn’t even know. Sure, it was nice to know that I was actually wanted, but did I have to be this emotional? I haven’t seen them in sixteen years. “Has King Kohl shown you the premises yet?” I looked back over at the blonde man he was not much older than Kohl. 
“No, he hasn’t, but we’ve only been back for a few hours.” I responded politely.
“I can escort you around for a tour if you’d like.” He replied too eagerly. 
“I’m sorry I don’t even know your name.” I said trying to deflect his question. 
“Burton.” He said a slight blush coming to his pale complexion.
“Lady Jayde,” Kohl said from behind me, “I see you are getting acquainted with some of the advisors.” He said with a knowing smile. 
“Your majesty, I was just telling Lady Jayde about her surroundings and the lovely atmosphere that is Encante-North.” I nodded in agreement trying to suppress the laughter that was trying to bubble to the surface. 
“I’m sure, but now I must be taking Jayde for a tour.” Kohl said intertwining his arm with mine and guiding me away from Burton’s questioning gaze. We walked out of the room with little interruption. 
“Was that painful?” He asked dropping his arm and giving another one of those signature Kohl smiles. I liked these smiles. I knew I shouldn’t have looked at him like that anymore, but I couldn’t help myself. When he smiled his dark eyes seemed to take on this beautiful gleam that drew me in like a Capybara to water. 
“It got much more interesting at the end.” I said, “But don’t you think I should have final say? What if I don’t want to meet Sy?” 
His smile disappeared, “I’m sorry. I just thought that…”
“I’m kidding. From everything I heard in there it sounds like it would be for the best. I’m not sure if I’ll like him as much as you though.” I said and instantly regretted it. 
He exhaled and gave me a shaky smile. “Where would you like to start the tour?” He said regaining some of his composure from my foolish words. I was making a complete idiot of myself, already.
“I’ve heard the gardens are gorgeous.” I replied as enthusiastically as I could. 
~~~
Kohl and I walked around the maze of gardens taking in the bushes, rare flowers, and gorgeous scenery. Next,  we went through the first floor of the mansion from wing to wing. He showed me every room and described the art, the purposes of the room, and any significance anything could possibly have. I was still a bit nervous after the first comment I had made and was watching my words. Of course I liked Kohl, but a part of me told me that was the old Jayde not letting go of the image of Kohl I had created in my own head. Now he was so much more. I didn’t know if that meant my feelings were stronger, but I was sure the only reason Kohl was here right now. He wanted to be the ruler of Encante and that meant making me believe and perhaps even fall for him. I needed to be cautious and guard my heart better.
“You’re quiet, is everything okay?” Kohl asked shaking me out of my head.  
“Just thinking.” 
“You must have a lot on your mind.” He responded reaching a small stone bench nestled into the back gardens and the start of the private beach, we had come out so I could see the water. It was already past dusk and it was perfectly dark outside but there was plenty of lighting in the garden to make up for it.
“Tell me about us. What is really true about Encantado?” 
He smiled and looked off at the large bushes full of exotic flowers I couldn’t even put a name to. I was accustomed to roses, lilies, hydrangeas, and many other kinds of flowers but the startling pink of these took my breath away.” 
“They are Christmas cactus flowers.” He said with a knowing smile. “I guess maybe I should start with the generalities. Encantado are mesmerized by human interaction. It is something that we are drawn to particularly their party settings. Humans are very susceptible to our charms and it is common for humans to fall in love with one of us after one meeting. That is the main reason we have a few humans in Encante. Encantado do have a few tricks that work on humans. We can lure humans to us, we can trick the eye into not seeing us, and we can manipulate with our words and thoughts if we put enough power behind it. Since we are royals our powers are a little more overreaching, you, Sy, and I are capable of using our magic on other Encantado, even on other royals but that isn’t really effective.” 
“Like today when I told everyone to stop fighting. You were the only one to move.” 
Kohl nodded, “You are lot stronger than I gave you credit for. I was completely taken off guard with that display.” He said showing no animosity and smiling about it. 
“After eighteen, due to the morphing process aging slows down. We age at a progressively slower rate than humans our typical life expectancy is one hundred fifty years. It also speeds up the healing process within us.” That stopped me in my tracks sure everything had sounded farfetched, but this was plain unbelievable. 
“Seriously?” I skeptically replied. 
“Serious. Sy’s father, who died of natural causes, lived to one hundred and fifty nine.” He smiled reassuringly. “There really aren’t anymore differences besides us and humans than everything I explained.”
“What about the war? Tell me about it?” 
“It’s been going on for the last twenty or so years. It started as a disagreement that led to a reasonably amicable split of the community. Followers of Sy’s father relocated to Encante-South and Supporters of our parents moved to Encante-North. There was no territorial lines until the actual war started. Then water boundaries and land boundaries were set into place later. If opposing sides cross those lines now it usually leads immediately to a battle and all negotiations are called off. In the last few years, Sy and I have developed multiple treaties to try and keep some peace, but Sy seems to forget about them when it is convenient for him.” Kohl said showing his contempt for Sy clearly. 
“Sir.” Philip ran out into the garden startling me.
“I have reached Reggie. Did you have a specific date in mind for Lady Jayde to meet Sy?” 
Kohl looked at me apologetically. “Can you get back on your own?” I nodded and he walked off with Philip. I sat thinking about everything I had learned today, it was all so unreal. It made me want to call Julio and tell him about all the absurdities that were happening.  He was the only person I would talk to about this. In this new world, I wasn’t even sure he’d believe me. He’d think the worst. I wasn’t ready to hear how worried he was. I looked over the water. The moon was gleaming on the sea making a lovely glow. 
I mauled over what was the biggest news I’d ever heard. I was a queen? It seemed like a joke I was one of the most irresponsible people I knew how was I expected to run this place? I didn’t know the first thing about keeping my life in order let alone countless other people in a time of war.
 I rose from the stone bench and headed back to my living quarters. I didn’t know what was planned for me tomorrow so it would be advisable to get some shut eye. I opened one of the intimidating and heavy wooden front doors and quietly walked past the front living room where Kohl was on the phone arguing with someone. I snuck past and headed to the North wing, my quarters. No matter how many times I said it, it was unreal.
I opened the door and looked around. This was too nice for me. Isadora had impeccable taste I couldn’t have decorated this place any better. I went into the kitchen grabbed a package of cookies and walked into my lavish bedroom. This was the room I was having the most trouble with. How was I supposed to sleep in a bed that ten people could sleep in, alone? I walked into my closet finally getting my first real look at the clothes organized inside. The walk in closet was massive, on the right side were shirts, jeans, pants, sweaters, and anything else I could imagine for casual wear. On the left side the whole stretch of the closet had dresses from casual to formal in length and color order. I looked at one of the evening gowns a fierce green that if I had seen it in a store would have begged my mother for without having an occasion to wear it. I pulled it out and looked at the plunging neckline and backline. It was bold and seemed like it was meant to be worn. I placed it back in its allotted area and went in search of pajamas. On a vanity in the back of the closet, Isadora had laid out a pair of light pink silk pajama pants with a matching camisole.   At the foot of the table were white slippers. Isadora was probably one of the most intuitive women I had ever met. I was going to enjoy her company once all the formalities were out of the way.
I slid into my new pajamas appreciating the soft feel of the silk against my skin. I slid my feet into the slippers and picked up the fluffy robe folded on the vanity chair. I headed into my room to enjoy some television and cookies before I dozed off in this unfamiliar place. I gently placed the throw pillows on the small bench at the foot of the bed. I slid into the soft down covers and opened the Oreos I had taken from the kitchen. 
A soft knock at my door alerted me. I shot up and pulled the covers to my neck. 
“Jayde, it’s Kohl.” I relaxed a little. 
“Come in,” I said closing up the cookies and putting them on my nightstand. 
“I almost forgot something.” He said closing the door behind him. For once he seemed nervous but when he turned around and had a small cake with one candle lit in the center, I forgot all about his anxiety. “It’s your birthday.” He said a cautious smile on his handsome face. I felt tears come to the surface with his gesture. All the chaos of the day had made me forget, it was my birthday.
“Thank you.” I choked out. 
“It’s been an unusual day for you. I thought you could use some normal.” He said sitting at the edge of my bed. I crawled the distance between us. “Do you want me to sing?” he continued jokingly. I shook my head and wiped at the tears in my eyes. 
“Can I blow out the candle?” I asked as he still held the round homemade cake in front of me. 
He nodded reassuringly, “Make a wish.” I blew out the candle and made a wish just like he’d advised. I don’t know if it was selfish, but I didn’t care at the moment. I just wanted a million more moments like this one. 
“I can get a knife if you want a slice?” Kohl said abruptly standing and shaking me out of my haze. He was tall but not tall enough so I kneeled on the bed and pulled his face to mine. I don’t know what was going through my head that I actually kissed Kohl, but I wouldn’t allow myself a chance to regret it.



Chapter 10: One Kiss
Kohl
She kissed me and I couldn’t believe it. Kisses weren’t supposed to be this mind altering. Her lips had left a thirst I didn’t even know I had. She pulled away first and the onslaught of what a terrible idea this was started to seep into my thoughts.
“Thank you.” she whispered again. “You’ve made this an unforgettable birthday.” Her voice was low and sultry. I didn’t want to pull away from her grasp. I kissed her again. I slid the cake onto a nearby nightstand and kissed her more fervently landing on her bed. She wrapped her arms around my neck as I slid my hands through her soft hair. Her lips were something I didn’t want to get enough of and she seemed just as eager as me.
“Kohl, stay here tonight.” She whispered against my mouth. She snapped me out of the moment just like that. I pulled away. All the bad crashing on me with her words. 
“Listen, Jayde.” I said standing up and getting away from her bed. “We can’t do this.” I looked at her perfectly blushed cheeks and the tousle of her hair. She looked like the sweet temptress she had been in Brazil.
“Why not I thought I was supposed to fall in love with one of you?” She said it like it was the most logical thing in the world. 
“You’ve dealt with a lot today and I don’t want to take advantage of you.” 
“But you’re not. I want you.” She said touching my arms again. It was hard not to give this beautiful girl what she wanted, frankly I wanted it too but, I had to stay levelheaded, I had to put the kingdom first and doing this with Jayde was not in the kingdom’s best interests.
“I understand that, but you have to give Sy a fair shot.” She was pouting now. 
“Does it even matter when all I want to do is be with you?” She said it and quickly turned. She couldn’t mean that we had just met. People didn’t fall that fast, it just wasn’t possible. 
“Jayde,” I said touching her shoulders, “Your emotions are all over the place, give your brain a chance to catch up with the rest of you. A good leader not only thinks with their heart, but with their brain.”
“Is that what you’re doing?” She said turning around to face me again, not as pouty anymore and a little more pragmatic. The rosiness of her cheeks were leaving and her big green eyes locked on me.
“Jayde, I have a kingdom to run. How would it look if I spent a night in your room? I don’t like Sy, but I do want this to go as fairly as possible. I don’t want there to be a question to who is in power in Encante at the end of all this. So as much as I’d like to kiss you again or whatever, I can’t.” I forced myself to stand up. “I’ll put your cake in your kitchen for you. I hope you enjoy it.” I lifted the cake and headed towards the door. I had to focus I couldn’t turn back around and look into those hurt green eyes, covered with rumpled brown curls framing her creamy skin. I couldn’t even think about the soft silken top she was wearing. I bolted out of her room like the devil was on my heels. 
She was making it so damn hard to stay away and think rationally.
I headed back to my private quarters hoping to get my mind off of Jayde as she was monopolizing my thoughts. I could barely pay attention during the meeting when I’d see her cross her legs or flip her hair behind her shoulder casually. She drew nearly all the meetings’ attention with nothing more than an intake of breath. 
 I walked into my living room and Philip was waiting. He was sitting in my reading chair. A leather armchair with a tall lamp that stood beside it. 
“Philip, it’s late shouldn’t you be sleeping?” 
“I just wanted to inform you that Sy agreed to meeting Lady Jayde first thing Tuesday morning.” 
“Thanks, is that it?” 
“I was just curious if you were planning on a coronation for Lady Jayde?” I froze, I hadn’t even thought of that. 
“Just in case she takes her time with this marriage decision. She is still legally entitled to rule along side of you in Encante-North.” He said with a knowing smile. He wanted her to drag out her decision and eventually fall for me.
“Great idea, talk to Isadora about starting the preparations tomorrow and I will ask Lady Jayde about a suitable time for the ball.”
“Will you be inviting Sy to the festivities?” Philip asked cautiously. 
“Personally, no, but it is Jayde’s party and she can do as she pleases.” I said trying to forget about the girl I had left a few minutes ago. He was making it pretty impossible.
“I have some more matters to discuss, but they can wait until morning, your majesty.”
“Thank you, Philip.” 
“Uh one more thing, sir.” Philip said and then took a deep breath like he was trying to muster up all his courage.
“Yes, Philip.” 
“Do you think she will fall for you?”
I thought back to what had just happened in her bedroom to everything else we had shared in the last few days. 
“I don’t know. Is it selfish to say I hope so?” 
Philip nodded in understanding. I had known him and trusted him for the last four years. He was the closest thing I had to a friend. He understood what I meant without questioning me.
“She’s much prettier than I thought she would be.” Philip noted still pressing for more information. 
“Apparently all of the advisors feel the same way.” I said not even hiding the smile that came to mind when I thought of all the middle aged men and how they literally gawked at Jayde the whole meeting. “I think Burton was trying to step on royal territory.” I said thinking back to what Jayde had told me about their interaction.
“It would be understandable.” Philip said thinking about how that meeting must have been. “Good night, sir.” Philip said and finally left leaving me alone with my own thoughts. Unfortunately for me all my thoughts kept centering around the green-eyed temptress I left only a few minutes before. I poured myself a strong drink. I needed to forget about her. I had more important things to worry about like what Sy was going to do to trick Jayde into loving him. 
He was a master manipulator. This wouldn’t be the first time Sy tricked people into his cause. He did it every day recruiting people to join his losing war. Yet, they fought to the end taking every word Sy had said to heart. Sometimes I really thought he just hexed everyone into doing what he wanted, but how could he hex such large masses? I shook the thoughts out of my head. I had lost countless nights of sleep thinking about how Sy did the things he did. I couldn’t figure it out. 
My thoughts quickly strayed back to Jayde. It was going to be a long night. 

Jayde
He left, correction, he ran from me. What had I done? Sure, he was a king but this was his mansion. Would people talk if he left my room in the morning instead of his own? I guess, but he wanted me I could tell. Why was he denying it? We both wanted the same thing. I would end the war tomorrow if he just showed me he was really interested. Where had that thought come from? I was eighteen did I really want to be married to a guy I barely knew? Kohl was special though. Not only was he a king, but he was smart, funny, handsome, honest, and had left me breathless from one kiss. No one had affected me like that from one kiss. 
I was losing my mind! In one day I had gone from completely enamored with Kohl, to not trusting him, to almost hating him, to utter confusion, to friendship, to love? Could one kiss tell you if you were in love? It sure felt that way, but maybe I just needed to get my hormones in check. I wasn’t proud to admit it, but I had kissed a lot of guys. Why was Kohl the one that invaded my mind with just a look? Did he have some kind of power over me that he didn’t mention?
I couldn’t sleep so I stared blankly into the darkness. Kohl still not leaving my thoughts, but I did have to think of other things. He didn’t want to jeopardize his chances of becoming the sole king of Encante and I didn’t want to either. Kohl would make a great king. He is a great king. If he wanted me to give Sy a chance I would, yet I doubted I’d be as torn up about my decision as Kohl thought I would be. From what I had heard about Sy, he seemed like a big bully like his dad. If he was anything like Antonio and Arthur, the giant, there was no possible way our interaction would be earth shattering. Why would he think I would forgive a man who’s father killed my parents? There was no chance, no matter how charming Sy was that I would forget that. I was already jaded but no one needed to know that. 
I tossed and turned some more and eventually fell into an uncomfortable sleep. I woke the next morning to Isadora knocking on my bedroom door. 
“I’m sorry Lady Jayde. The king wanted to know if you would be going to the formal breakfast?” 
“When is breakfast?” I asked trying to hide a yawn, I couldn’t suppress. 
“Nine.”
“What time is it now?” 
“Eight.” 
“Yes, I’ll go. Let me just shower.” I groaned rolling out of bed and pulling on my robe.
“I’ll inform Philip and return to do your makeup and hair.” She said with a gracious smile.
“Thank you, Isadora.” I said and went into my private bathroom. 
I came out to find an outfit already laid out for me. Isadora’s taste was unwavering. She had pulled out a navy dress that fell right below the knee. It had a thin white belt and a few white embellishments. She had pulled out some low heels to match perfectly. I didn’t know if I would get used to dressing so formally so often but I sure did like what I got to wear. I dressed and Isadora without another word was on a mission to style my usually untamable hair. 
A half hour later, I was ready and heading to the main dining room hoping Kohl would be there early. I was right. 
“Great, you’re both here.” 
“Jay—Lady Jayde, Philip brought to my attention that since you are here we should start discussing a coronation and ball.”
“Coronation? As in make me queen?” I squeaked in surprise. 
Kohl smiled making my heart flutter a little. “Like I told you yesterday this is your kingdom as much as it is mine. This isn’t to pressure you this is to show you that you can take as long as you need to abide by the guidelines.” 
There he was showing me how caring he was. That had to mean something. Maybe he really did care or I was reading too much into his actions.
“So Isadora, can you manage organizing a coronation ball with Lady Jayde?” Isadora seemed beyond pleased to have the assignment. 
“Lady Jayde, when would you like to be coronated?” Kohl said the devilish smile devastating my insides. 
“I think we might want to wait a month or so just so I can get settled and get organized.” 
“Well Isadora, you can start planning maybe, decide what the chefs should cook, an outfit for Lady Jayde, decorations, an approximate guest list, flowers, etcetera.” Kohl said and she excitedly scampered off. 
Kohl smiled warmly and we walked towards the breakfast table. He pulled out my chair for me and then seated himself at the head of the table. Davis came and poured us glasses of orange juice. He quickly left after that finally leaving Kohl and I alone. 
“So what is on the agenda today?”  Kohl looked at me questioningly for a moment.
“I have a few meetings today mostly boring stuff. Around two, I was hoping to have a public appearance introducing you to the rest of Encante-North. The meetings you don’t have to attend unless you’d like to, I might actually get more done if you aren’t there.” He said a hint of a smile there.
“Am I distraction?” I teased hoping he’d finally tell me how he felt or at least give a girl a clue. 
“Well it appears the advisors aren’t accustomed to having a girl in the room.” Oh, he was talking about them. I deflated a bit.
“Well they will just have to get used to it. I will be queen after all.”
“That’s very true.” He said not even bothering to hide the smile on his face. “I brought you something by the way.” Again my hopes raising with the simple sentence. “I had promised to show you some of the albums with your family.” He placed two massive leather bound books on the table. “I figured these would be of the most interest to you. They are your father growing up, your parents’ marriage, your birth, and your early childhood.” I nodded trying to make a new rise of tears go away. I was not going to make crying in the dining room a regular occurrence.
“Thanks, Kohl.” He nodded trying to ignore the struggle I was losing with my emotions. 
“I have some time after breakfast if you want me to go through it with you.” I nodded. 
“I’d like that.” I said taking deep breathes to stop from crying. 


Chapter 11: Memories
Kohl
We set up in the library. Jayde had been drawn to the photo albums ever since I placed them on the table she barely looked away from them during breakfast. She was itching to peek through them. She sat down on the brown leather sofa placed near one of the many desks in the house. I sat beside her with one of the heavy books on my lap and handed her the other. 
“This one is of your father’s childhood and your grandparents.” She nodded and turned to the first page. It was Christoph as an infant, wide eyed in his mother’s arms. 
“These pictures are in black and white.” She said confused. 
“He was sixty years old when you were born it’s understandable that pictures from the thirties and forties are in black and white.” 
“Will any of them be in color?” She asked again. 
“This whole album is in color.” I said hoping to make her disappointment subside. She flicked through pages asking questions as she went along mostly about Christoph and my father, and Syrus. As a boy,  Syrus and my father had been very close. Christoph had been much younger but had always been around and had grown to be close to our fathers as well. It was something that would help keep the peace in the kingdom for another generation. Only it didn’t help and Syrus broke away from his friends and co-rulers. 
Jayde reached the end of the first album that had ended with her father’s crowning as prince and his engagement to Sarah. She grabbed the second album and continued. It started with a royal wedding. 
“I look just like her.” She said a little surprised. I nodded in agreement. I didn’t remember much of Sarah, but looking at the pictures with Jayde. I realized she had the same devastatingly beautiful green eyes, the same long waves of dark hair falling down her back, the same mischievous smile that made it so hard to get Jayde out of my thoughts.  She was practically her mother’s twin. “This is me?” She asked turning a few pages and seeing a bright eyed new born. Her eyes welled up with tears. “They did love me.” 
“Very much. They gave up everything for you, Jayde.” She nodded out of acknowledgement mostly. I don’t think she really believed what I was saying or even heard me. She leaned into me crying silently for a few moments. Unfortunately for us the moment was rudely disrupted. The library door slammed open.
“Am I interrupting something?” Sy said with that same condescending smile he always wore. I was up in an instant walking towards him. How dare he show up in my mansion unannounced? Philip came scurrying in a few seconds later. 
“I’m so sorry, Kohl. He…he insisted that he see Lady Jayde and that he had the right to see her now and not wait.” Philip said his head bowed slightly in apology. 
“I think you need a new assistant.” Sy said , “One who isn’t so insolent.” I rolled my eyes. 
“What do you really want Sy?” I said cutting through his crap and getting to the point of this disruption. 
“Like I said I wanted to meet Lady Jayde.” He said with an over formal bow in Jayde’s direction. Jayde stared at him confused. 
“I thought I wasn’t meeting you until tomorrow?” She said her voice still hoarse from crying. 
“Plans change, love.” Sy said with one of his supposedly disarming smiles. Jayde didn’t seem to be buying it though. 
“Your plans may change, but since you did not call I have already planned my day accordingly. So sorry to have wasted your time, Sy, but I have several meetings today and an event to begin planning. If you’d like I can make our meeting tomorrow earlier?” 
Sy’s jaw visibly tightened. I wanted to smile at Jayde’s slight jabs at him but that wasn’t in the spirit of rivalry. 
“I do hope the journey was not too long and that you have a safe trip back.” She walked forward and extended her hand to Sy. He shook it begrudgingly and then lifted it to his mouth and kissed the top of her hand. 
“I look forward to a delightful breakfast with you tomorrow, Lady Jayde.” They smiled amicably at each other and he left quickly after that. Jayde closed the door behind Philip. 
“Wow, that was intense.” She said with a sigh of relief. “Does he normally drop by like that?” She asked sitting on the sofa. 
“No actually, he’s usually not even allowed in Encante-North, but due to special circumstances, I can see how he was let through the checkpoint.” She nodded in understanding.   
“Why did you blow him off?” I asked not really caring how inappropriate it was to ask that question. 
She smiled that devious smile of hers. “He reminded me of Antonio, he always wanted me to drop what I was doing to attend to him. I don’t like that and I had plans today. I have to help Isadora with the coronation ball, I have several meetings with advisors today, and a public meeting I can’t be attending to someone that knows our meeting is for tomorrow.” I actually couldn’t help it. I smiled despite seeing Sy and all his theatrics. Jayde was smarter than I could hope and after yesterday she had taken my advice she was putting the kingdom first. 
“You already sound like a phenomenal queen.” She blushed at the compliment. 
“Thanks,” She muttered and opened the second leather bound book to where she had left off.
“That’s you!” She said staring at a picture of when she was still a baby and I was holding her. “Aw look how chubby your cheeks were.” She teased. Her mood had brightened since Sy’s interruption. We went on for a few more hours and left to our first meeting. It was going to be incredibly dull. I hated military meetings, it almost made me want a finance meeting which I wasn’t very fond of either, but they were both necessary evils. 
“These are different people.” She said sitting at the chair beside me not at the long rectangular table. 
“These are my top military people. We are going to talk about progress, new plans, and so on.” She nodded about as enthused as I was.
Jayde
Maybe I should have taken Sy up on his offer to ditch my plans. These meetings were intolerable. Half the men were trying not to fall asleep if they weren’t talking. I thought back to finally meeting Sy. He was different than what I had expected, besides being more attractive than I ever would have given him credit for. He didn’t seem as benevolent as Kohl had made him out to be, but he did seem to have a temper. One that he barely held in check when I turned his invitation down. 
This was all leaving me even more confused. I had never expected to think twice about Sy. He was supposed to be some pompous jerk that would push me further into Kohl’s arms, wasn’t that the fantasy? When Sy walked into the room I was at a loss for words. His dark hair was tousled in a careless, but controlled manner. A muscular physique that no amount of clothing hid. His jaw was chiseled and square covered in stubble and I was so tempted to touch. His gray eyes showing some challenge, a challenge I wanted to take up. A challenge I would win like I always had. Maybe that was the old Jayde though. The old Jayde liked difficult, hard to tame men that always ran away at the first sign of difficulty. Isn’t that why Antonio was around so long? I was different, my life had changed, did I want to resort to bad, old habits? 
“I think you need to end these foolish negotiations now, your majesty before you or someone else is injured.” One of his advisors stated passionately. 
“I understand your concern, but our options are limited by what was set into place by my father’s treaty to end the war.” 
That treaty again. I knew what it basically said but I think I needed to do more homework on it. I mean it was the document that said I had to marry either Kohl or Sy. It was something I should know like the back of my hand. 
I mauled over what Kohl had told me about the treaty. It would effectively end the war with my marriage to one of them. One of the “great” leaders of Encante. It was a lot to ask of an eighteen year old, but here they were asking that question, pressuring me to choose who I thought would better serve the people. Honestly, wasn’t that the only thing that mattered, it really wasn’t about love or even friendship. It was about who would be the better co-ruler. A chill ran through me as I thought of that. I had been looking at this whole situation wrong until Kohl had told me I needed to think like a queen I never even would have considered marriage without love, but now. Now anything was possible, because I had found the mindset he was begging me to find. 
The second meeting was a financial meeting that was just as dry as the last. I kept pondering how I would determine if Sy was a good person for the kingdom. I ignored the nagging voice in my head telling me it really doesn’t matter what Sy is like you won’t marry someone you don’t love. It was a losing battle I wouldn’t be able to decide until I actually got to know Sy. Maybe he’d be as wonderful as Kohl. Maybe he was just misunderstood and needed a shoulder to cry on. Maybe he would make it perfectly clear how awful he was and I would have no doubt in my mind that Kohl would rule Encante well. There was a lot of ifs and maybes that I needed to figure out. 
Before the third meeting started, I excused myself to help with coronation plans with Isadora. She was in my private living room with a massive white book resting on her lap. 
“Oh Lady Jayde I’ve been patiently awaiting your arrival.” She said standing with the massive book. “I went to town and some of the best designers drew up some designs for your coronation gown. I hope you like one.” 
“Have you done anything else?” I asked not helping it but smiling at her eagerness to make me the belle of the ball. 
“No,” she said a little embarrassed. 
“It’s okay, I’m going to look through these sketches and you can talk to the cooks about possible dishes and we can choose a menu today.” She nodded with a wide smile stretching into her freckles and walked away. I opened the book to see some of the most beautiful dresses I’d ever laid my eyes on. 
Isadora had left a note on the first page saying: Navy was the typical color of coronation gowns in Encante but another blue could be discussed if I wanted. All the gowns were massive ball gowns that each would weigh ten or fifteen pounds. The drawings were done to my exact measurements which I’m sure Isadora had already acquired by some means I was not aware of. Maybe she had measured in my sleep? No, she wouldn’t do that.
The first one had a tight bodice with thick beaded straps rimmed with stones and a wide, round ball gown bottom. There was lace and frills and jewels everywhere frankly it was a little too much to handle. I flipped through a few more gowns before I had found the one. It was lovely the same tight bodice that nearly every other dress had but it had draping shoulders and instead of being round it was more loose and flowing with a train that contained a ring detailing down the center reminding me of the shoulders. It was quietly beautiful and unique. I loved it. 
Isadora came back in a few minutes later with several sheets of paper. “These are the options,” She said placing one sheet on the coffee table in front of me. “These are their suggestions.” She said placing another sheet beside the previous one. “And these are the dishes from Kohl’s coronation, his parents’, and your parents’ coronation.” She said placing another three sheets on the table. I had to admit the woman was thorough. 



Chapter 12: Public
Jayde
Isadora had blinked at me in surprise when I showed her the dress I wanted. “That’s very untraditional.” She had started, “Maybe we should look at something more appropriate.”
“I’ve looked, this is the one.” I said with a smile. 
She nodded in defeat. “I will have the designer here tomorrow afternoon to start the fitting.” 
“Thank you, Isadora. Now let’s get back to those menus.” I said and we had started shuffling lists around when there was a knock on my door. It was Philip. 
“Excuse me, Ladies. Lady Jayde, our king is requesting your presence before his public address.” Philip stated nervously. 
“Sure, Philip. Where is Kohl?” I said noticing his eyes widen slightly whenever I just called Kohl, Kohl. He could get away with it but I wasn’t allowed to?
“He is in the throne room.” 
“Throne room?” I repeated as my stomach seemed to turn to knots for no other reason then it’s mention. 
Philip nodded and escorted me over to the one room I had never been in. I walked in and wanted to walk right back out. Kohl was dressed a little more formally than usual. He wore a navy military uniform with a few medals dangling from thick ribbons on either shoulder and two on his chest. He even had a crown on something I didn’t even think Kohl owned until this moment. He never seemed like the traditional, regal king that had crowns and jewels. 
I looked around the throne room, it was massive. White marble floor, Large marble statues, on either side of the six thrones. Six gold thrones after all this time they still had six thrones. A massive chandelier that easily had to weigh a few tons. Gold accents seemed to give the room a timeless regal feel. The large gold chairs with white plush, perhaps velvet backing, were intimidating alone. They were heart stopping when combined with this room. 
“Lady Jayde.” Kohl said as he walked over to me. He had something in his hand that he was fiddling with. I couldn’t see it until he walked down the few marble stairs and closer to me. I wanted to run away. I was not about to wear a crown in public! This was becoming too real too fast. 
I stood in place because my body never actually listened to my brain. “So the meeting is at three, in a half hour. I thought I’d give you something for the big reveal. He said handing me a small tiara. “Technically this is not a Queen’s crown. It is the crown of the Prince’s prospective wife, but I figured you are the Uncoronated Queen, this is okay.” I looked at the small tiara with it’s tall jewels at the top cascading downwards, the jewels getting smaller the further they went from the massive center jewel. 
“Thank you, it’s beautiful.” I chirped out.
“You seem nervous.”  
“You look like a King.” I said meeting his dark gaze. His mood lightened with that.
“Sometimes I have to.” 
“Should I change?” I asked knowing my navy dress might not be appropriate. 
“Actually you look perfect, I informed Isadora about the meeting this morning and she dressed you for the occasion.” 
I looked down at my dress again. Wasn’t it a little tight fitting for a queen? Didn’t I have to wear a gown like all the movies portrayed? 
“Shouldn’t I be wearing something more conservative like something that covered my legs?” 
Kohl did a quick appraisal, “It's the twenty-first century, you’re dressed formally enough for a meeting, you are dressed formally enough to meet the kingdom.” He pulled the tiara out of my hands and placed it on my head. “Well, now you are.” 
“But I don’t have to wear a crown at those meetings.” He shrugged and started walking back to the thrones. “There are six thrones. Basically you can sit anywhere but…” He paused to  look at me for a moment and continued. “You are technically a royal on your own so these two.” He said pointing to a set of thrones, “Are your family thrones.” I nodded. “I was hoping you would sit beside me but I have conflicting feelings on that.” 
“Why?” I asked thinking it was a logical sitting arrangement, there were only two of us, why should I sit two chairs away? 
“Some may take it as a sign of you and I being engaged with the throne and the tiara. It also may cause negative feelings in Sy’s kingdom.” Kohl said it exasperated that he had to scrutinize everything even where we sat. 
“Fine, I’ll sit here.” I said sitting at my family’s thrones, particularly the king’s chair. 
He smiled, “If you insist, King Jayde.” I stuck out my tongue in response. “I do hope you act more mature during the conference.”
“I thought I was behaving better?” I replied hurt that he wasn’t acknowledging all the progress I had made today. 
“Actually you’ve been wonderful today.” He said a shy smile coming to his face.  I smiled at that. I was trying really hard to make Kohl and everyone not think I was a disappointment, I was glad he was recognizing it. 
“Thanks,” I said standing from the throne. I would have to stiffly pretend I wasn’t uncomfortable in a few minutes. 
“So did you make any progress on the ball?” he asked trying to lighten the tension in the room. 
“I found a dress.” I replied happily. 
“Already?” He choked out surprised. 
“Isadora went to dozens of designers today and organized a whole book of sketches.” 
“I take it Isadora is working out well.” 
“Oh, she’s wonderful, I couldn’t have hired a more perfect person myself.” I said and we exchanged pleasantries until the room began filling with people. I looked around startled. This was an even bigger crowd than I had anticipated. How was I supposed to talk to these people? Assure them that I would do what was best for them. I wasn’t even sure I could stand in front of them without forgetting every single word in my vocabulary.
I noticed Kohl’s posture stiffen as two of his guards closed the door to the throne room. “It’s showtime,” he whispered knowing I was the only other person that could hear him. Kohl stood and walked to a podium of microphones that had been set up after I arrived. He had instructed me to stay seated until he called me up to the podium with him. 
“Encante, it has been a long time coming that we get to welcome back one of our lost. This kingdom has been in shambles for nearly two decades following the tragic demise of the Last Kings.” The last kings he had also informed me was the name of the last ruling families when the war started, so basically our parents. “My uncle worked very hard to keep my father’s ordinances viable. Thanks to both of them, I am here today announcing that Encante has a brighter future on the horizon. With the return of Lady Jayde, not only have we gained valuable leadership, but we have gained an end to the war that has killed so many of our people. That has killed many kings and queens. That has killed the peace and tranquility that Encante is built on. Lady Jayde’s coronation will be the beginning of a new era.” I stood on cue and walked towards Kohl. Trying not to shake. 
“I introduce to you,  Queen Jayde.” I gulped at the new title. Kohl stretched out a comforting hand to me and I walked towards the podium. Cameras were snapping everywhere and my eyesight was spotty how was I supposed to follow Kohl’s moving and uplifting speech. 
“Thank you, everyone. It is a great honor to be here today. I have learned so much about this wonderful society and thanks to many people, I feel as if this is a place I can call home.” I took a steadying breath. “Although a heavy burden has been placed on my shoulders, I ensure you that I am ready for the challenge. I am ready to assist in bringing Encante back to its former glory. I do not take these decisions lightly and my only goal is to do what is best for all of you. Thank you.” I said and stepped back from the podium. 
“Lady Jayde and I will be answering questions in the main dining hall where there will also be refreshments for everyone. Please follow the guards to the next location.” Kohl said and everyone in a disorganized and hurried fashion found their way out of the throne room. 
“That was intense.” I said relaxing my stiff stance once the last few people left.
“The hard part is just getting started.”  I groaned inwardly, could I really handle this for the rest of my life? Well if I was married I could make my husband do all the speeches. Kohl was a great orator, why would anyone want to take that away from him? Kohl grabbed my hand hoping it would at least reassure me everything would be okay. “You did great. Queen Jayde.” He said with a smile that made me smile back at him.
“I’m holding you to that,” I said and we left to the main dining hall.” There were several tables covered in different dishes from quiches to finger sandwiches to a chocolate fountain surrounded by fruit and small pieces of bread, there was everything. Waiters were walking around bringing drinks to the mass of people. It seemed like everything was being devoured. The kingdom must appreciate a king that spoiled them with treats and absurd dishes. 
“Over to the right is where they set up another podium for us. I’ll be right back.” He said and walked away. He swiftly made his way through the crowd and was soon engulfed so that I couldn’t see him anymore with or without his crown on. I walked to the podium hoping I’d get another moment to myself today. Kohl was at the podium seated with two plates. “Took you long enough,” he said with a boyish smile. He handed me one of the plates and I nibbled at the assortment he had placed in front of me. “I also grabbed some chocolate.” Kohl said reaching for a small cup he had placed on the podium. 
“You are so thoughtful. ” I replied teasingly. Another guard came to the podium and calmed the noisy crowd. I placed the nearly empty plate under my seat and prepared for the ambush. 
“King Kohl, is it true that agents on both sides of Encante have been trying to determine Jayde’s whereabouts for the last few years?”
“Actually” Kohl said standing at the podium. “My uncle had been searching for Jayde since the day she went missing. I cannot report on what has happened in Encante-South. 
“Queen Jayde, is it true that you were raised by humans?” I gulped and looked at the reporter. 
“Yes, I was raised by two wonderful humans that I still consider my parents as well. I lived in Brazil my entire life.” 
“Do you remember why you were lost, Queen?” 
“I was two at the time so no I do not.”
“Have you had a meeting with King Sy, yet?” 
“No, I have not properly made King Sy’s acquaintance, but that is something that will soon be remedied.”
“King Kohl, although it is mentioned in the treaty guidelines, have you scheduled for Queen Jayde to meet King Sy?” 
“Lady Jayde already has a meeting with King Sy, any information about the whereabouts I cannot give you.” 
“Queen Jayde, how long do you think it will take you to end the war?” 
“Well I’d like to be coroneted first hopefully, but in all honestly I cannot make a definite answer until I meet with King Sy.” 
“Have you been informed about the bombings, and spontaneous underwater attacks by Encante-South led by King Sy?” A reporter yelled back.
“I’m well aware of the damages of the war and what specifically has been done. Although these attacks are difficult for us to explain, I cannot ignore treaty protocol based on possibly erroneous judgments.” 
“Are you justifying what King Sy has done?” He shot back heatedly. 
“I’m not justifying what he has done, but I am saying I can’t judge a person I do not know. Yes, a lot of bad has occurred and I do want to see an end to it, but I have to keep all of the people of Encante in mind not just this territory.”

Chapter 13: Tranquility
Jayde
The questions kept firing back and forth the longer it went on the harder it was to give nonprejudicial answers. I should have just told everyone they win. Sy was a bad, bad man and I was falling in love with Kohl, but how would that look? I went with the verbal assault for a bit and thankfully Kohl cut in.
“Thank you for all your questions today. Queen Jayde and I do have some pressing meetings to attend today.” With that Kohl and I walked out of the door closest to the podium. “That was bad,” Kohl said pulling the crown off his head almost instantly. 
“I thought I answered well.” 
“No, you did great, very diplomatic.” He said with a smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes. “I just didn’t think they would be so hard on Sy.” 
“He’s made their lives unbearable, he’s killed their family members I understand it, but it also makes me think there might be a backlash.” 
“If you choose Sy?” Kohl said an eyebrow raised in surprise. 
“If I choose either of you, what if Sy’s followers are just as dead set as Encante- North?” 
“You sound more and more like a queen the longer you’re here.” Kohl said with a smile that did make it to his dark eyes. 
“I guess that’s a compliment.” I said starting up the staircase. Kohl followed. “I thought you had another meeting?” I asked as he followed me up the stairs. 
“Actually I’m due to look at coronation gowns with the new queen.” He teased. I couldn’t help but smile. Kohl always seemed to show how different he was from any other guy I’d met when I least expected it. 
I grabbed his hand and pulled him into my living quarters where Isadora was setting out paperwork from another task she had accomplished. She smiled when we walked in, but didn’t talk until I greeted her. 
“Hi, Isadora, do you have a prospective menu ready.” 
“Actually I started the guest list. I have 200 so far but that can change of course once you and King Kohl look at it.” She said cautiously noting Kohl’s presence and our intertwined fingers. She didn’t mention it.
“Kohl came by to see the gown I picked out for coronation.” Isadora’s eyes noticeably widened. She quietly handed me the book. I sat down where I had previously been seated and Kohl sat beside me. 
“Isadora, you’ve been busy that book is huge.” She smiled, but still kept her eyes downward like she was worried or scared. 
I turned the pages finally landing on my dress the long draping shoulders, the dark blue, all making me love it even more.  “This is it,” I said when Kohl did not say anything. 
“It’s beautiful.” He started but paused. “It’s not very conventional.” He flipped through the book’s pages. “This is usually what a woman wears to her coronation.” Kohl said stopping at the first dress. 
“You don’t like what I picked?” I asked hurt at how he was putting it. 
“I like it. I was just informing you what is usually worn.”
“I’m not usual so I’m not wearing what they usually wear.” I said defiantly. Isadora looked up then in shock at how I was talking to Kohl. 
“I didn’t expect you to.” He said his face stoic. He flipped through the book a little more. “I don’t know if Isadora pointed this out to you.” He said, taking my anger in stride, he stopped at another dress that I had contemplated but ultimately returned to the last one. “But this dress resembles your mother’s coronation gown almost exactly.” He said handing me back the book. I looked at it. That is probably why I had stopped at it earlier. I remembered seeing my mom’s dress in the photo album. 
“It is beautiful.” I said contemplating if I should change my mind.
“Please don’t change your mind.” He amended surprisingly. “You’re right you are not the usual queen.” He smirked. “It has been a while since we’ve had a queen and it’s good if you shake things up and remind everyone why you are here.” 
Again blowing me away with his words, “Thanks, Kohl.” I said relieved I wouldn’t have to fight him on this. 
“Isadora, if you can leave the list I think I’m going to go to bed early tonight.” She looked at me surprised for a moment, but quietly picked up her things. “Would you like for me to make you dinner?” she asked tersely. 
“No, I think I could handle it.” I said with a smile as she left. 
“Are you not coming to dinner tonight?” Kohl asked starting to look a bit uncomfortable. 
“No, I’m just done planning, I think I will take a swim and if I have time I’ll go to dinner.” I said standing to head to my bedroom. 
“How about I join you on that swim?” Kohl said standing himself. 
I raised an eyebrow in question. I really never knew what to expect with Kohl. “You are welcome to tag along.” I said walking into my bedroom, specifically to my closet to change. I found a dark green and blue striped two piece in one of the many drawers. I changed. I had thought a swim was going to relax me and help me get my thoughts straight, but now that Kohl was coming I was nervous. After last night and how he had rejected me I wasn’t sure I was ready to put myself out there again, but something kept pulling me to him. I grabbed a robe and towel and headed into the gardens where the private beach we had swam into yesterday was nestled. Kohl was waiting, looking as dashing as always, he had navy trunks on and his bare chest was rising and falling like he had ran there. 
“So how did you want to swim?” He asked mockingly. Now that I was Encatado, I guess there were a lot of dolphin jokes coming my way. 
“I think I’ll keep my legs tonight.” He nodded and dove in without another word. The water was dark I was barely able to see Kohl under water. The sunset was reflecting onto the water, and it made the water seem even darker, more ominous. I threw my robe and towel on a nearby stone bench and followed Kohl. 
I had swam my entire life pools and the ocean mostly, thanks to all the Amazon River legends. Every time the water reached my skin it felt like a new thrill. I don’t know why it took me so long to figure out I was Encantado. I was made for the water. It was the only place that made me feel like I was wanted. I would never fight the draw to swim. I swam for a bit, warming up, appreciating the feel of being weightless and free. A splash took me out of my comfort zone. I realized Kohl was here, I had done that to myself. 
“So Queen how does it feel?” 
“How does what feel?”
He smiled that devilish heart stopping look that made me contemplate a repeat appearance of last night. “You’re being called Queen now.” 
“It’s scary why would anybody want to make me their leader.” 
He actually laughed, something I had never heard, but was strangely music to my ears. 
“I thought the exact same thing when I was told I was taking over.”
“But you had your whole life to prepare. I’ve had minutes.” 
“Actually I knew it was supposed to happen I just never thought it would. I mean I wasn’t supposed to be king until I turned twenty-one.” 
“What happened?” I asked, swimming a little closer. 
His face darkened with the memory. “My uncle was killed in one of the bombings in Encante-North.” His jaw tightened, this was something he didn’t like to talk about. 
“Attacked by Sy?” He nodded still tense. “I’m so sorry, Kohl.” I said putting a hand on his shoulder for support. 
“It was two years ago, I’ve survived.” He said trying to get away from the topic. 
“He was your uncle, the man who raised you I’m sure you missed him and then to become king right after that. How are you so normal?” 
He laughed darkly. “I’m far from it.”
“Yes, you are. You rule this place perfectly, you put all your personal feelings aside and do what is best for everyone. I know how much you must hate Sy, but I have never once heard you speak about him badly. Sure you’ve said he has a temper and is devious but without telling me that I would have assumed it myself from what I’ve heard. You’re so so…” 
That’s when he kissed me, Kohl kissed me. If it was possible it was even better than yesterday. Kohl pulled me into his arms, holding me tightly against his strong, muscular body. Screw being queen this was where I was meant to be. He pulled his mouth away first, but I quickly pulled him back. I never wanted this moment to end. He even let me. He wasn’t thinking like a king right now, he was thinking as Kohl. His hands dropped to my waist and he gently pushed me away. 
“God, Jayde. We can’t keep doing that.” My hands were still entangled in his thick, brown locks. 
“Why not?” I asked firmly. “I’ve met Sy. Can I make my decision now?” His hands were still locked on my hips like he wanted to pull me back and kiss me within an inch of my life again, but he didn’t. I guess Kohl was having self control for the both of us and I hated it. “My body has caught up with my heart and guess what? I still want you.” I said.
He smiled and it made me want to pull him back to my lips. Didn’t he have all those cliché emotions I did? Weren’t the fireworks going off when our lips met? “You are so tempting.” He said placing a soft peck on my mouth. He didn’t however let me go. He was conflicted. “Please don’t make this any harder on me.” He whispered a sadness in his eyes. 
I scoffed, “I’m not making anything hard for you, Kohl, you want me you have me, you want a kingdom you have it. What is the problem?” He looked at me as if he was mauling over what I had just said. “I have no doubt that we can rule Encante together. I wish you had the faith in me I have in you.” 
“I’ve just met you.” He retorted. I scoffed again, I hoped that wasn’t his real reason. 
“Really, Kohl, that’s your excuse?” I said dropping my hands disgusted. “So what are you saying? Do you want me to pick Sy?” I said heatedly. 
“No, I just…” 
“Then why are you pushing him on me. I have no doubts contrary to what you think that Sy is an awful man that would further hurt the people you swore to protect and watch over. What could you possibly be doubting?”



Chapter 14: Breathe
Kohl
I took a deep breath and looked at the beautifully enraged girl across from me. How could I tell her that I was doubting myself? How could I tell her that I was in love with her and her heart on her sleeve ways? How could a good king be stupid enough to fall in love after four days? I was weak. I would never say that to her.
“Jayde, calm down. It’s hard to explain.” 
“No it’s not, you either want to be with me or you don’t. You either want to be king or you don’t. It doesn’t get any simpler than that.” She said those same anger spots showing on her tanned skin.
 “Jayde,” I attempted trying to calm her down, but she pushed me away. “I want.” I stopped, looking at her round blazing green eyes. “You.” Her eyes widened even more. “I would love to forget about Sy, the war, everything and just be here with you appreciating this.” I said pulling her close to me again. I loved the way her skin felt, it was soft and smooth and I just needed her close to clear the haze she put me in.
“How hard was that to say?” She asked cooling down, her head resting on my chest. There was so much more to it, but if she was happy right now I could accept that. I didn’t have to scare her with where my thoughts were going. “Kohl, don’t push me away anymore.” She said her head still pressed against my chest.
“I won’t.” I said wrapping my arms around her tightly. She looked up when my grip loosened, most likely to gage how truthful I was being. 
“Can we go upstairs?” She said that same devious teenager making an appearance again.  
“Let’s take it slow, Jayde. How about we go inside and get ready for dinner.” I said deflecting the question, deflecting her proposition. A king had to be a king no matter what, no matter how much I wanted Jayde. 
I got her to go to her room and I went to mine. It was so dangerous to be falling for her. What if she chose Sy? Not only would she take my kingdom away but she would break my heart. Was I foolish enough to let that happen? 
Why was I worried though, she said she wanted to choose me? It may be a bad thing for Sy, but Jayde was blinded by love and that meant I was safe somehow. I didn’t expect Sy to take that sitting down, he would pull out all the stops to get Jayde. I was so tired of going back and forth in my head. She was meeting with him tomorrow, maybe I just needed to make sure that no matter what Sy did I was the one she needed to pick. I was the one that she couldn’t stop thinking about. Did that make me as bad as Sy? Would pulling one of his tricks really make me feel better? 
What happened to the rational part of me? Jayde had taken him away with a kiss that’s what happened. I was so crazy about this girl I couldn’t think straight anymore. It was a problem that Sy could use to his advantage. 
A knock on my door reminded me I was supposed to be going to dinner. “Sir?” Philip said not opening the door. 
“Come in,” I said throwing a shirt over my head. 
“Have you been in here since the conference?” 
“No, I went for a swim.” I said not really in the mood for Philip to be dancing around whatever issue he wanted to talk about. “What’s wrong, Philip?”
“Isadora gave me her report of what she did for the ball. She started a guest list…” 
“I know and I’ve already seen Jayde’s dress, it’s questionable, but it’s Jayde. They worked on the menu a bit and Jayde and I will have a look at the guest list after dinner, Okay?” 
Philip nodded. He wanted to say something but he was nervous. “Is Lady Jayde enjoying her accommodations?” 
I raised an eyebrow in question. “What does that mean, Philip?” I said with a chuckle. 
“She seems to be enjoying the palace. She seems to be enjoying your company.”
“So it seems.” I said not trying to show how I was feeling about it.
“Do you think she will choose you?” Philip practically whispered. 
“I don’t know.” I said trying to use one of my vague, diplomatic answers but Philip saw right through that.
 “She appears to have a crush on you. Has she told you?” Philip tried again. 
“Philip, it really isn’t your concern what Jayde is feeling.” 
“Has she kissed you?” He was getting remarkably close without any information. 
“One does not discuss such things.” I said trying to deflect his still probing questions. “I think it’s about time for dinner I should get going.” I said and walked out of my suite before Philip could say another word.  I closed my door and quickly made my way to the dining room where Jayde was dressed and seated. She looked at me for a moment when I walked in but didn’t say a word until I was seated. 
“I didn’t think you would be coming.” She remarked coyly. “I’m usually not here before you.” 
“A king’s work is never done.” I said hoping to keep the conversation light and entertaining. It was bad enough to kiss her in the water outside where everyone could see. I didn’t want to make her upset when everyone was around. “Philip suggested that we go over the guest list tonight. Are you okay with that?” 
“Sure, it’s in my room. I can get it after dinner?” she said.
“No, we can just go over it in your living area.” I said and quickly regretted it. Jayde was dangerous when alone and I had just set up a perfectly logical reason to spend hours in her room. Was I trying to sabotage myself? I was a damn fool.
Dinner was served and Jayde chatted about some of the menu items she had chosen, some of the decorating ideas, and how she thought the meetings went today. She hadn’t learned much specifically about the kingdom, but from the meetings she was getting an understanding of what was going on and how the war was affecting us. 
“I was thinking after that financial meeting. Instead of just building and trading minimally with humans, we start a larger trade. We have numerous crops, fruits, vegetables, and it is so easy for us to catch fish. Why aren’t we trading with select humans and stimulating the economy? Humans have come a long way. Sure, we have television thanks to them but why should we shelter ourselves. We can blend in just fine, shouldn’t we take that to our advantage?” 
She had a point. Our economy was struggling due to the war and the countless losses of people in Encante to the war. If we didn’t have to rely so heavily on making everything ourselves we would be able to be more productive. Trade food for clothes, electronics, money. Hell, we could start trading in Reais and get rid of our currency. It would reduce a lot of the issues we were having. 
“I think that is one of the first tasks you should accomplish as Queen of Encante.” I said hoping she got my point. 
“It would be very difficult to do this while we are in war, but do you think it would work?” 
“Yes, although many wouldn’t be happy about the change in currency we would be able to not only survive as a community here, but would be able to trade and build here, and if some people wanted we would be able to go into society and not stand out as much as we do. It makes perfect sense.” I said reassuring her. 
“It actually sounds like it would work.” She said with a smile she couldn’t hold back. 
“Would you like dessert?” Davis asked interrupting the moment.
“No thanks, I think we are okay tonight.” I said standing, Jayde stood as well. She practically ran to her room excited as a school girl. I walked into her living room. She stood there looking like an evil angel a hand resting on her hip as she waited for me to make the first move. She wore a black dress that stopped at her knees, hugging her body perfectly, Her dark hair fell down in waves to her back, and her forest green eyes spelled trouble.
“Jayde, I was serious about the guest list.” I said sitting on her love seat breaking our eye contact. 
“Then why did you want to meet in here?” 
“Convenience?” I offered.
“Kohl, you don’t have to lie to me.” She said sitting beside me. I picked up the notepad Isadora was using and looked at the list. It looked like everyone in Encante-North. She had definitely added to the list since I had last discussed it with her. This was going to take a while. She placed her head on my shoulder. 
“Did I do something wrong?” She complained not sounding like the temptress she was portraying a few moments before. 
“No, Jayde, I just want to go through this list.” She moved her head looking at me. Sometimes when she looked at me like that I thought she was reading my thoughts. 
“Go ahead then.” She said moving slightly away from me. I wrapped my arm around her and pulled her close again she didn’t fight it. 
“Agatha and Mitchell Cowell.” She started.
“Agatha is your mother’s cousin and her husband.” Jayde nodded and we continued. I gave as best an explanation about everyone on the list. After the first fifty or so I was having trouble concentrating. Jayde’s head was resting on my chest again as she looked over the list. The smell of strawberries wafting from her freshly washed hair. I absentmindedly kissed the crown of her head. She lifted her head and looked at me. 
“You are one of the most confusing people I have ever met.” She said wryly. 
“Why is that?” 
“We are all work and you go and kiss me.” She snapped. 
I placed a peck on her mouth and all arguments died with that. Her face softened and she snuggled closer to me. 
“This is boring.” She said after a few dozen more names. 
“I agree.” I said stifling another yawn. 
“Kohl,” she said and stopped. The way she said my name telling me this conversation was going to be bad. 
“If we were normal and there was nothing else to worry about, would you want me?” I looked at her round eyes, and slightly flushed cheeks. She was so beautiful of course I would want her. All the pressure and frustration with Encante was on my shoulders and I still wanted this beautiful creature resting beside me.
“Jayde, we aren’t normal.” I started and I saw her crestfallen gaze. It was like being stabbed in the heart every time I disappointed her. “And I still want you.” Her hurt dissolved instantly and a smile brightened her face. She kissed me and found her way to my lap. 

Sy
Time was going too slow for my liking. All I wanted to do was get my hands on Jayde, but Kohl and Jayde were making it very difficult. Two days he expected me to wait to see her. Two days in which he had a chance to brainwash her with his pseudo-prideful rhetoric and the great future of Encante with him as the leader.  It wasn’t going to happen. I would not let him take what my father and I had worked so hard to get. If only my idiotic old man would not have made that deal. If only Antonio would have given me Jayde when I asked for her. There were so many things that exploded in my face, but it all started with that damn treaty. If my father hadn’t signed it I wouldn’t have been forced to find Jayde and marry some human lover just to gain the entire kingdom. What was he thinking? Kohl’s father was a trickster, how could he have been duped into something I could never win? I didn’t care what the treaty said though if Jayde didn’t choose me, she would live to regret it. Whether I had to kill her and Kohl, Encante would be mine. I wasn’t sharing it with anyone, even someone as beautiful as Jayde. 
I had walked into Kohl’s mansion, hoping to catch Jayde by surprise, but she was snuggled in Kohl’s arms. He had already planted his lies and she was falling for them. She stood and I was awestruck. Her eyes were red like she had been crying and she had little spots from anger gracing her creamy complexion but I still noticed the heart stopping way her bold and bright jade colored eyes found mine. I froze, she was a lovely creature not the worse to be married to, but when she opened her mouth I knew the brainwashing had begun. She refused me and asked for me to come back tomorrow. The nerve of her! Did she not know who I was? She may be able to talk to Kohl that way but she would not be talking to me that way ever again. 
Tomorrow needed to come. I wanted my turn with Jayde.



Chapter 15: Don’t go
Jayde
I practically pounced on him after what he had said, but I didn’t care. Kohl cared and wanted me. He pulled me as close to him as I could possibly be. My hands found their way under his shirt he instantly tensed, his firm stomach tightening under my touch, but he didn’t fight me off I slid his shirt over his head, again he didn’t fight. Was he actually letting us do this? Despite all the protests he had trouble controlling what was happening between us too. His hands left my back and ran down my legs, hiking my short dress up a little further. 
“What have you done to me?” He said no more than a whisper. I kissed his cheek. The more important question was what had he done to me? Sure, I was wild but boys were something I could handle. I always knew what I felt and I always knew how to handle a situation. With Kohl, my mind was defunct until our lips met and then my brain seemed to take a backseat, instinct took over. I didn’t need anything else I just wanted him, I needed to have him. 
“Please don’t leave.” I said hoping he wouldn’t scare away like every other time I had asked. 
“I’d never leave you,” He said surprising me and pulling my mouth back to his. This was what I wanted. This is what I was waiting for. I slid off his lap and stood pulling him to his feet. He stood not letting me direct him to my bedroom. He kissed me again distracting me from what I wanted to accomplish, but I wasn’t fooled.
“If you’re not sleeping over we don’t have long.” I said and he began to move towards my room with me. I pushed opened my doors with my a kick, and he lifted me into his arms slamming both doors with his back. 
“I think we’re going to regret this.” He said against my lips, but he did not loosen his grip around me. He walked and dropped me on the bed, this was it. I looked at him, the dark pools of his eyes were filled with desire. 
“I love you,” I whispered out in between a kiss. He looked at me for a moment, did I ruin what was about to happen? I hoped not, then he kissed me this time sweetly, lingering slightly.
“I love you too.” With those words nothing could be more perfect. 

Kohl
I looked over at her she was so blissfully happy. Her breathing was shallow and her head rested on my chest. She had fallen asleep hours ago and I hadn’t even shut my eyes. I was about to leave. I didn’t want to, but what would people think if they saw me coming out of Jayde’s room early in the morning. I know it was foolish to give in to her, but I couldn’t stop myself. I could deny it all I wanted, but we still end up lost in each other’s grasp trying to control ourselves. It didn’t work. Didn’t we deserve one night together before reality set in before she wasn’t able to think with her heart no matter how much she loved me? She had said it tonight she loved me as much as I loved her. I couldn’t be any happier, yet this gnawing feeling kept telling me to keep my defenses up. I would be the better leader of Encante, Jayde loved me, it all seemed like everything was going my way. However, Sy always found a way to ruin my happiness, isn’t that how it always went? I slid myself from under Jayde and wandered around looking for my clothes. I couldn’t wait until I could spend the night listening to her soft breathing, touch her beautiful skin, and not feel the watchful and questioning eyes of the kingdom. I looked at her restful body, the sheet barely covering her naked body. I slid out of her bedroom, found my shirt, cleaned the small pile of paper on the floor and placed them on her coffee table and left to my room. 
I knew I was going to have trouble sleeping, I didn’t think it would be this hard. I had left a perfectly, beautiful woman alone in her bed. My bed was nothing without her in it. I tossed and turned my thoughts going over what had happened with Jayde tonight to all the problems I was having in the kingdom starting with Sy. 
What bothered me the most, however, was the idea of Sy meeting with Jayde tomorrow. She was mine, I didn’t want him to sully the perfection she was with his half truths and blatant lies. I hoped she would be smart enough not to be duped by him. 
I couldn’t understand why I was worried. Jayde had made up her opinion about him. I just needed to be patient for her to make her decision and choose me. I was hoping like all those stories my mother read me when I was younger that love would triumph over all. 
I finally found a way to calm myself and found some uncomfortable sleep. 

Jayde
I woke up alone. It was a little disappointing, but I wasn’t surprised. Kohl was still Kohl. I couldn’t expect him to change everything, he was trying to make progress. He had told me he loved me and we made love. I didn’t need anything else from him. Sure, he was uncomfortable about the situation until it was official, after today I had no doubt in my mind I would be proposing to him. I laughed at the notion. I was going to propose to Kohl? Did I still get an engagement ring? What would Julio think? What would my parents think? Me proposing to Kohl after only a few days it sounded absurd, but I knew it was the most perfect idea. It was what was best for our kingdom. Our kingdom! I had taken to the idea so quickly it even gave me the necessary push to stop being such a selfish teenager. Whether I liked it or not there was something more important than me, all the people in Encante. They needed leadership, they needed a life without war and death and that needed to be at the forefront of my thoughts. 
A knock on my door shook me out of my thoughts. 
“It’s me, Isadora.” She said through the door. I pulled my robe off the nearby chair and slid it on and opened the door. 
“King Sy has arrived.” She said quietly. He must have been in the other room.
“Already? I haven’t even dressed yet.” 
“I can serve him breakfast as you prepare.” 
“Thank you, Isadora.” I said and shot off to my bathroom. 
I had never dressed so fast in my life but still Isadora found time to lay out a calf length blue and green striped dress. It reminded me of those old fashioned dresses that housewives of the fifties wore, but it was nice. 
I was allowed to do my own makeup and hair since Isadora was busy entertaining our guest. I walked out about fifteen minutes after Isadora had told me he was here. He stood and bowed deeply. 
“It is lovely to see you this morning, Lady Jayde.” Sy said and smiled handsomely. There was no doubt Sy was handsome, the dark grey eyes, the dark hair that reminded me of Kohl, a firm jaw that led to a muscular build that made his six foot frame all the more foreboding. He was attractive, almost even more so than Kohl, but Kohl had so much more that Sy didn’t. It really wasn’t a competition Kohl was overall a better person and ruler. “I brought you some flowers and chocolates.” I looked behind him and true to his word there was a large vase full of red and white roses. A massive box of assorted chocolates sat in a rectangular box beside the large vase. 
“Thank you, that wasn’t necessary, but thank you.”
“How about we try those chocolates?” Sy said sitting back down on the bigger sofa in my living area. 
“I haven’t eaten breakfast yet, maybe after lunch. Do you plan on staying for lunch?” I said hoping he wouldn’t. 
“Of course I’d like to get as much time as possible with you.” I smiled and prayed it didn’t look as fake as it felt. 
“I hope you don’t mind if I eat something then.” I said and took a sip of the tea Isadora had placed before me. 
“No, of course not.” He said picking up a fluffy pastry on the large tray. The day seemed to drag. Sy and I began mostly making small talk. I heard about his temper and I didn’t want to go anywhere near political issues or my simmering anger towards his maniacal tyranny. 
“Do you like Encante so far?” He asked surprising me with the change of topic. 
“It’s so different from Brazil, but I do like what I’ve seen. It feels more like home than I think it should. I still haven’t traveled and saw much of Encante, though.” 
“Have you left the castle at all?” 
“For swims mostly. I’ve seen what the town looks like from my balcony but I haven’t been in the middle of all the hustle and bustle yet.” 
“Would you like to?” My eyes widened with the prospects. It seemed like a wonderful idea, but I was still weary of Sy. 
“Maybe lunch outside of the castle my treat.” Sy tried goading me a bit more. I thought about it, it sounded so tempting to be in the middle of everything, but would Kohl approve? Could I leave the mansion?
“It sounds like a lovely idea, I’m just not comfortable leaving yet.” 
“What is the worst that can happen?” Sy attempted again pushing with his quiet innuendos and charming mannerisms. I moved his hand from my arm and stood. I didn’t want to say it was because of Kohl or because I didn’t trust Sy, but yeah those were the first reasons to come to mind. 
“I feel like we could get better acquainted here. No other loud conversations distracting us, just you and I learning all we can about each other.” I said hoping it didn’t sound like utter lies to anyone’s ears but mine. 
Sy actually smiled. He was eating this up. “Isadora, how about you clear these dishes.” Sy said and Isadora promptly did what she was asked. She quickly ran out of the room a pile of dishes balanced in her hands. “That’s more like it.” He said standing and walking towards me. “So Jayde, I’m curious to know what Kohl has told you.”
“About this?” I asked putting some breathing room between us. “Encante is at war. There was a treaty signed and if the war had not ended by the time I was eighteen, I would marry one of the rulers of Encante and we would be the sole rulers of all of Encante.” 
“Sounds right, but there’s always more when it comes to Kohl.”
“What does that mean?” I said with a little too much emotion. I needed to keep my opinions in check. I didn’t want Sy picking up on my feelings for Kohl. 
“He usually is keen on bending the truth.” He replied nonchalantly.
“Are you saying Kohl has lied to me?” I asked in almost disbelief. The one who multiple people have told me is a horrible person is accusing Kohl of lying. 
“I’m not saying anything of the sort.” He said with a strange glint in his eyes that worried me even more. “I’m not sure what he has told you and frankly I’d love to know, but wouldn’t it be better if I just gave you my account of the story?” 
“Okay,” I cautiously answered and sat down again beside him. 
“The idea of three ruling families came into fruition after the reformation of Encante many centuries ago. Our families were those ruling families and continued that tradition until my father’s reign. There were many underlying issues that were not being seen by all of the ruling families in Encante. There actually was a movement at the time to overthrow the Encante ruling families. My father was well aware of their antics and wanted them to be dealt with, but the other families felt that nothing would come from such a disorganized group. 
“Then the first bombing occurred killing dozens of people in the town square.” He said completely serious as he told the story.  
“They did something then?” I asked knowing slightly how this story would play out.
“No, the families argued and majority ruled a statement was issued about a horrible random tragedy. My father had enough and this was the last straw. He said he would not rule with them anymore. Kohl’s father tried to persuade my father into coming back because they were best friends of sorts and it was three ruling families not two. My father didn’t want to hear of new goals they would never accomplish. So him and the other kings decided maybe a split was in order. The kingdom had divided with my father’s departure and almost naturally Encante North and South were created.”
“I don’t understand why your father just didn’t go back and make an effort to fix what was wrong with Encante.”
Sy smiled, but not happily. “I really couldn’t answer that question just assume. I assume that he had thought this through and didn’t see any way to improve upon a tri-ruling empire.” 
“Okay, but if that is the case and you aren’t sure why don’t you, Kohl, and I fix all these problems and go back to the old way of ruling. No one would lose anything and we would be able to work through our differences. Sure, you and Kohl must have some animosity towards each other, but I’m neutral. We could make it work.” I said hoping I could make him doubt his mission just an iota. 
He shook his head in disagreement. “I’m sorry Jayde, but a peaceful reunion is impossible. I will never forgive Kohl for what he has done.”
“What he has done?” I asked confused and frightened. 
“His uncle killed my father.” He said the pent up rage barely kept in check as his dark brows knitted together and the hardening of his jaw told me, Sy was quite serious and quite angry. 
“But that wasn’t specifically Kohl.” I said again trying to referee in a losing battle. Although, I did remember the last time Kohl had mentioned Sy’s father and said he died of natural causes.  
“His family has been at the forefront of my family’s demise since the separation. His father led a witch hunt to take down our supporters.” 
“Sy you must be mistaken. The war started because of your father’s eagerness to have all of Encante.” I slapped my hand across my mouth instantly. 



Chapter 16: Shades of Gray
Jayde
“That’s what Kohl has told you.” Sy said with an all too knowing smirk. I didn’t want to hear anymore of Sy’s lies, I was perfectly at peace with what Kohl had told me. I didn’t want to know anymore. “Beautiful Jayde, why wouldn’t he lie to you? He wants what I want. We both want to rule and the only way that is possible is to have you.” He said stepping too closely to me again. I leaned back and felt that I was cornered between Sy and the large window facing out into the back gardens. 
“I’ve heard what’s been said I’ve heard stuff. I know you are not the most truthful of individuals.” I snapped back. I wasn’t going to let Sy make me question Kohl, he had been honest whenever I asked. Why lie? “Besides Kohl has never said a negative word against you. Everything negative has been courtesy of the media and what I have actually seen.” I replied with equal aggression to the anger that was rolling off of him. 
He broke out in a heart stopping smile and moved back. “And please tell me what have I done to you?” He said crossing his arms, a confident smile settling onto his handsome face. 
“Antonio.” I said remembering all the lies he told me, the pure deception of him in my life. “The only question I have is why try to make me fall in love with him if I was going to marry you?” 
I saw a small twitch in his square jaw, but he maintained that nonchalant smile. “Antonio was an idiot. He went against me and for that he is paying.” He said without a hint of emotion. I looked into his hard gray eyes praying he was kidding. He wasn’t. 
“What was he supposed to do then?” I asked sitting on the couch avoiding this man who made my stomach turn into knots. His indiscretions and heartlessness rivaled on unbelievable, but I wrapped my head around the person Sy was. I couldn’t show my disgust he was supposed to have a fair shot at getting to know me. 
“Find you and bring you to me. If he had done what he was supposed to do I would have had you years ago.” Again the cool detachment he used to discuss anything that wasn’t him or me was present. 
“What happened to him?” I choked out not even sure where the emotion had come from. Antonio and I were over, why did I care? He had lied and duped me the entire time. 
“He’s locked away until the next execution.” He said sitting beside me. 
“Execution?” I couldn’t believe it. “He doesn’t deserve to be killed for…” My head was spinning. 
“Treason is one of the highest crimes in Encante-South.”
“But…” I couldn’t breathe, my mind was racing a mile a minute. Antonio was going to die because he disobeyed Sy. It seemed so barbaric so wrong. I had to stop this. “You can’t do that.” I said my voice betraying my anxiety. 
“Why not? I am king after all and he disobeyed a direct order that resulted in the enemy claiming my prize.”
“Don’t do it. Don’t you have any compassion?” I said resorting to rationalizing. “He had to have a good reason for what he did.” I said gaining some strength in my still shaky voice. 
He looked at me for a moment his eyes roving over my face and landing on my lips. “Love is for weak men and if one is blinded by such things then he deserves to be put out of his misery.” I stared at Sy in incredulity. He couldn’t believe the crap he was selling. No one was that angry at the world. 
“Why would you say that? If you don’t believe in love why are you here?” He actually laughed.
“This has nothing to do with love, Jayde, and everything to do with who can persuade you to their side.” I blinked back the tears that threatened at thinking of poor Antonio imprisoned because of me.
“Well you are not doing a very good job of it. You are about to execute my ex-boyfriend.” His jaw tightened and that twitch showed again. I was starting to realize this maybe one of Sy’s biggest tells. He was also making it very clear that he did not like to be challenged.
“How about a deal?” He said plastering an obviously false smile on his deceptively handsome face. 
“What kind of deal?” I said not trusting a word that came out of his mouth.
“Marry me and I will release him.”  
“What?!” I squeaked out. 
“Don’t play naive those are my conditions, Jayde. Take it or leave it.” Sy said his gaze locking on mine. 
“I can’t agree to that.” I replied firmly not letting my nerves get the better of me. 
“Why not?” He asked twirling a strand of my hair between his fingers. He was too close for comfort but I didn’t want to show how much he disgusted me.
“The treaty and Encante is relying on me to pick the best king not choose someone because of a threat.” 
“Oh those moral fibers of yours must be new.” He said a hungry smile playing on his dark features. 
“I…” I looked at him afraid of the glint in his eyes. The only thing I could call it was evil, but I just didn’t want to believe at least I hoped he wasn’t as terrible as everyone else was making him out to be.
“Don’t bother Antonio has told me everything.” 
“Like?” I asked hoping my anger would make him back off, he wasn’t. 
“You like to be controlled.” He said catching my wrist as I pushed a few strands of hair out of my face. 
“Let go of me!” I growled and he leaned forward in challenge.
“Why?” He asked that evil grin making another appearance. I used my other hand to try to pry his vice grip off my wrist, but he just grabbed my other hand with one of his massive hands. The knots in my stomach had turned to lead. This meeting was going to end terribly. “There’s no point in fighting me.” He said leaning over me successfully pinning me with the rest of his body. 
“I will never choose you.” I retorted angrily. “No one this cruel should rule even a fraction of Encante.” Only I never finished the insult when his lips crushed mine. I turned my head but he quickly found my mouth again. The kiss was harsh everything I expected a kiss from Sy to be like. Although he was handsome he was dead and empty inside. This kiss was very similar there was no love, there was no feeling, just his mouth on mine. His hands loosened on me as they seductively slid up my body. I took my chance and pushed him right onto the floor. 
“What the hell?” He shouted angrily as he thumped loudly onto the carpet. I leaned down and slapped him across the face. “You bitch!” He growled the venom in his words clear. 
“Don’t you ever touch me again!” I snapped with enough rage to keep hitting him but I restrained myself. How would it look for the future queen to be pummeling a king? Not good is the answer. He stood up his height making him tower over me. 
“Once you’re my queen there is nothing you will be able to do to fight me off.” He said collecting his composure, but that look  I was starting to hate was still present.  
“This meeting is over!” I continued angrily. 
“Calm down.” He said brushing off his dark slacks and sitting back down on the sofa like nothing had happened. 
“Get out.” I said again my temper flaring like I’ve never felt before. This man was swine. If I never saw him again it would be too soon. 
He smiled knowing exactly how angry he was making me. “I’m driving you mad?” he asked picking up a cookie from the coffee table. 
I tried to rein in the rage that was blinding me and making nothing else matter. He stood up and walked towards me again I was ready to slap him again. How could he think I would accept him taking advantage of me? He touched my cheek and said “Calm down and sit I’d like to talk.” His tone was laced with magic. I felt my muscles relax, my anger subsiding. I sat on the sofa beside him. “Good girl. Cookie?” Was I a dog?
“What would you like to talk about?” I replied trying to stand but having difficulty disobeying his command. Sy was stronger than I thought. I could never control him as well as he was doing me. I didn’t even know how to use my gifts for one.
“I don’t mean to be rough with you. I really do like you. You have every quality I’d look for in a wife and a queen.” He said touching my cheek. I slapped his hand away. “Don’t move, darling.” He said his tone taking on that hypnotic quality again. “You are beautiful, smart, and quite the feisty one, I love your temper.” He said with an almost appreciative smile. “I’m willing to let Antonio go if you agree to see me again.” I felt tears well in my eyes. I never wanted to be alone with this man ever again. 
“How about coming to my Coronation?” I replied praying he would not want to meet alone again either. 
“I’d like to see you alone again before then.” He said a smile crossing his distrusting yet attractive face. I nodded without even knowing what I was doing. 
“You should visit me in Encante-South.” He said. “It’s only fair that you get to know the people of both parts of Encante.” I nodded in agreement. “How does the following weekend sound?” 
“Weekend?” I replied scared I would have to spend several days with this lunatic. 
“Friday to Sunday I will show you everything there is to see around the kingdom, the castle, the best swimming areas. Consider it?” he said it like I had a choice. “I know this meeting hasn’t gone according to plan. I don’t like spelling you to listen to me. 
“You shouldn’t have kissed me.” I retorted angrily. 
“You’re right.” He said and I could feel my eyes widen that he admitted I was right. “Next time you will be begging me to kiss you.” He said that hungry smile crossing his lips again. “How about I stay an hour longer and you tell me about your ball?” he said it casually like what happened a few minutes before had never happened. 
“I’d much prefer if you leave.” I responded back not feeling as angry due to his spelling but still upset.
“Now, Jayde, let me make it up to you. I am releasing Antonio as you requested. I am even considering accompanying you to your Coronation Ball. Please forgive me already.” He said it like he didn’t even think I would do anything, but forgive him.
“One hour and I want you gone. Until the following weekend no contact until then and…” 
“Yes?” He said after I paused. 
“I want a stop to the violence, Sy.” 
“This war has nothing to do with you.” He countered already dismissing whatever I was going to say.
“It has everything to do with me and if you don’t agree to my conditions. I will report that I am marrying Kohl tomorrow.” I saw his jaw tighten a small vein pulsing with the harsh set of his jaw. “I will overlook today if you agree to stop all the bombings and underwater attacks.”
“You are good, Jayde.” He said his face still strained. “I agree, but I get to stay until three today.”
“Fine.” I said extending my hand and he shook it. “One more thing.” I said grabbing a sheet of paper and writing what I had just said down. “Sign,” he ground his teeth together that twitch in his jaw working double time but he begrudgingly signed. 
“You drive a hard bargain.” He nearly snarled and leaned back. I slipped the paper into my pocket and as if on cue Isadora came in with lunch on a cart. 
“I assumed you would like lunch in the room, since you were entertaining.” Isadora said looking at both of us each for a moment and then clearing off the remnants of breakfast and placing lunch in front of us. “If you’d like to go to the formal dining room you are also welcome.” She said probably hoping I wouldn’t insist on remaining alone with Sy.
 “I think we will just stay here, Isa.” Sy answered. She nodded and served the tea without another word. 
“Have you finalized the guest list yet?” I asked. 
She looked cautiously at Sy and said “So far.” 
“Have King Sy added.” She nodded her lips pressed together in a thin line of disapproval. 
“As you wish, Lady Jayde.” She said and walked out. 
“Oh she’s lovely.” Sy remarked sarcastically. “She loves me about as much as a root canal.” I rolled my eyes at him. 
“That’s about as much as I like you too.” 
“So, love tell me more about this ball?” He said ignoring my comment, leaning into the sofa comfortably with a finger sandwich. He was one of the most frustrating individuals I had ever met. When he pushed my buttons he backed out of it and went back to his casual attempt at friendliness. 
“What is it that you’d like to know?” I asked avoiding his smug face and focusing on the multitude of sandwiches Isadora had set out.
“What have you planned?” 
“Not much yet. My first fitting for my dress is later today. We are still working on the guest list and the menu. I think we are also choosing invitations later today.” I said placing several items of fruit and small sandwiches onto a plate. 
“I bet you have picked a lovely dress.” 
“It’s unique.” I said not clarifying. 
“I imagine you have a picture somewhere?” He asked trying to get more out of me, but I wasn’t happy about having to spend four more hours with this man. “Where is it?” 
I groaned and stood going to my bookshelf to retrieve the book of dresses. I sat beside him, Sy moving uncomfortably close to me. “This is it.” I said pointing to the design half way through the book. 
“You will most certainly be all that people are looking at in that number.” He said with an appreciative whistle. I closed the book quickly and returned it to its original spot. When my front door flew open, the sight of Kohl’s strong form made my shoulders sag in relief. I hadn’t even realized how much I missed him until this instant. 
“I’m sorry to disrupt,” Kohl said sending a deprecating glance at Sy, “But I need to speak to Lady Jayde for just a moment.” I nodded and followed Kohl into my bedroom where he closed the door behind us. “You invited him to your coronation?” Kohl hissed. 
“I thought you said it was my decision?” I said insulted by his accusatory tone. 
“Yes, but…” 
“But nothing it was my decision Kohl and you should be thanking me.” I retorted throwing my impromptu treaty with Sy at Kohl. He grabbed the sheet of paper and read it thoroughly. 
“He agreed to this?” he asked stunned. 
“For an invitation and for a weekend visit to Encante-South.” I said calmly, hoping Kohl wasn’t preparing to overreact about the visit. He flinched at the mention, but a temporary end to the war was almost priceless. 
“You want to visit him in Encante-South?” He questioned not sure if he heard me correctly. 
“I don’t really have much of a choice and I should get to know the other people of Encante.”
He nodded still angry, but silent. “I guess I will leave you to the rest of your day.”He said walking towards the door.
“Kohl,” I said softly stopping him in his tracks. “I wish you would have stayed.” 
He smiled making my heart thud so loudly in my chest I could hear it in my ears. “I can’t wait for when I can.” A second later he walked out the doors to my quarters leaving me noticeably with a feeling of emptiness. Sy looked up at me when I entered the room with a mischievous grin on his face. I didn’t want to know what he was up to.



Chapter 17: Cease Fire
Jayde
When Sy finally left the day raced by with my fitting and all the other plans I had for the ball. I barely noticed it was night. I slid into the gardens after I had sent Isadora to bed when she yawned for the fifteenth time during our final menu selection. I, however, was still wired from everything that had occurred today. 
Sy had not only lived up to every expectation I had of him but he also relented to all my requests. Was that because he wanted to be in my good graces or was there something else to it? I didn’t trust him and spending an entire weekend in his presence made me dread the impending arrangement. 
I walked across the garden silently. Hoping not to disrupt anyone’s sleep. The mansion was quiet and I assumed at this hour no one would be about. I stopped at the small beach, taking a seat where the water licked at my ankles thinking about yesterday. Yesterday had been so perfect and today so not. Kohl had barely said anything to me after bursting into my room earlier that day. I wasn’t sure if he was angry with me, embarrassed by what happened between us, or ashamed. He was as guarded with his emotions as Sy was and it was so frustrating to be surrounded by men that guarded their thoughts like fortresses. 
I looked out at the dark expanse of water, maybe I just needed to clear my head and take a swim? I pulled off my nightgown and set it far off in the sand and dove into the dark abyss. It was colder than normal, but that probably had to do with the cool night. I rose out of the water and for a second I considered switching forms. Swimming in dolphin form had been such a rush the first time, but I didn’t know if I ever wanted to do it again. The last time I had I was being chased down by Sy’s men and I never appreciated the excitement of it, but I also didn’t want to transform with no one to help me if I messed up. For all I know I could do it wrong and end up half dolphin, half girl. I swam out further leaving all my thoughts on shore and only appreciating the cool breeze, the weightless feeling of floating, the light waves coming towards me every so often. I swam closer to shore determined to float,relax, and clear my brain of all the unnecessary thoughts that were keeping me awake. 
I felt a shift in the water almost instantly. I shot up immediately and looked around. A dolphin was swimming towards me. I swam as quickly as I could to shore and turned around to not see anything there. “I really am losing my mind.” I groaned as I stood on the shore and looked for my nightgown. 
“Jayde,” I heard behind me. I turned around to see Kohl deep in the water. 
“Were you just in…” 
“Why did you run?” He asked smiling and looking remarkably handsome in the moonlight. 
“I didn’t know it was you.” I said putting down my nightgown and walking closer to shore. 
“Swim with me.” He said holding out a hand for me. 
“I’d love to.” I replied happily, diving in to catch up with him.
 “Are you mad at me?” I asked when I reached him, patiently waiting where I had last seen him. 
“Why would I be mad with you?” He said a hand reaching out to touch my face. 
“You’ve barely said anything to me since you saw me with Sy.”
“I’ve had a lot to do with enforcing a new treaty and all.” He teased with a whisper of a smile on his devastatingly gorgeous face.
“Then you aren’t embarrassed about last night either?” I said hoping that voicing my fears would ease my mind. 
He shook his head and placed a kiss on my forehead. “You are one of the best things to ever happen to me.” I felt my heart swell with his words. I couldn’t imagine a more perfect man to be in love with. “Are we going to swim?” He asked sinking further into the water. I nodded taking off before he could, splashing him every chance I had. Laughing hysterically at his surprise I didn’t even notice him catch up to me and wrap his massive arms around my waist. He pulled me close to his core making me realize he wasn’t wearing anything but that dreamy smile. I pulled his face to mine and kissed him as if my life depended on it. 
Kohl pulled away. “You make it impossible to resist you.” I sighed when I didn’t feel his warmth anymore. His voice was laced with desire, his eyes hungry for more and I really wanted to give in. 
“Then why resist?”
“Jayde.” The way he said my name was all I needed, he was about to disappoint me. 
“We can’t keep going on like this. It is unfair to Sy and it is not appropriate behavior for a king and queen.” I sighed resting my head on his chest. 
“I am tired of propriety I just want to be with you.” I said not even looking up at his reaction.
“Soon, we will have the rest of our lives to enjoy each other’s company.” He said wrapping his arms firmly around me. “Let’s go inside and get you to bed, my dear lady.” I nodded not wanting to break from his embrace, but knowing I was not going to change his mind. Kohl was sticking to his beliefs whether he had to drag himself away from me or not. 
I threw my nightgown over my head when Kohl came over with a massively plush robe tied around his trim waist. We walked in silence to my room. Kohl surprisingly followed me into my living room. 
“Will you meet me for a swim tomorrow night?” He asked a bit nervous as he purposively avoided my eyes. 
“Of course,” I answered automatically pleased he still wanted to have some alone time with me. He kissed my lips and I heard myself whimper when he pulled away. 
“You are so beautiful.” He said still not leaving my room. I wished for a millisecond that his resolve wasn’t so strong, but I knew it was for the best. He kissed me again lingering a moment longer. Was he having just as much trouble as I saying goodnight? I wrapped my hands into his hair hoping to keep him entranced in our kiss, but again he broke away. “I love you, sweet temptress, good night.” And with those words he was gone. Leaving me alone and aching for one more touch preferably one more knee shaking kiss. 

Kohl
I was convinced she had a spell on me.  I looked at the door I had abruptly come out of. I knew she was still near it willing me to come back in and sweep her off her feet into her bedroom.  It was taking every ounce of moral fiber in my being to not actually do that. I walked away looking back a few times hoping she’d come out and praying she wouldn’t. I didn’t think I had any more strength to say no to that flawless face and watch her emerald eyes blink away the first onset of tears. I made my way into my room relieved she hadn’t followed me. I switched on the light and groaned. I was not in the mood for this. For her. 
“What do you want, Shawna?” I asked glaring at the barely dressed woman in front of me. 
“Nice to see you too, Kohl.” She said standing up the black sheer material of her dress clung to her curves. “Don’t you miss me?” she purred walking towards me. Trouble shimmering in her sea foam green eyes telling me all I needed to know.
“Shawna, you knew things would change once Jayde was here.” She rolled her eyes like I didn’t just say we were over again. 
“I know the laws, but you aren’t getting married yet.” She said moving a long thin hand to touch my face. “How about one more night for old time’s sake.” She tried leaning in closer to me. I moved her hand. 
“No, just go.” I snapped not in the mood for her games. Shawna was beautiful but the girl was about as no good as Sy. The only reason she had even shown an interest in me was the chance to be a queen even if it was only part of Encante. I thought I had made it clear there was no way in hell I was breaking the treaty, but she just didn’t get it. If I had known about her ulterior motive before I wouldn’t have even looked twice at the blond beauty but looks are deceiving and I’m only male. She had seemed so sweet and beautiful I couldn’t look away but when I actually started to realize what was hiding behind that beautiful veneer I didn’t want anything else to do with her. 
“Kohl, why are you so upset? Don’t you love me anymore?” She said a slight pout to her full lips. 
“I’m not upset.” I said evenly. “Shawna, don’t try to fool me with your love talk. I know you feel nothing for me.” She looked at me surprised. 
“You know that’s not true. I love you, Kohl.” She said touching my face again. I pulled her hand away. 
“Don’t do this, Shawna. Just go.” I said opening my living room door to see Jayde standing there wide eyed and confused, but Shawna didn’t waste any time and knew exactly what to do to make my life a million times harder.
With a smile, Shawna kissed my cheek and said, “I had fun tonight, see you soon, love.” This woman was the devil I was sure of it. 
I looked at Jayde her eyes were wide and shiny like she was ready to cry. I felt my heart clench with just the thought. She looked down the hall watching Shawna glide away into the darkness. 
“Jayde, I can explain.” She shook her head and started walking back to her room without a word. I followed I had to tell her what happened. “Please listen to me, I can explain everything.” She looked at me her green eyes showing a hardness that matched her name perfectly. 
“I understand perfectly, Kohl. This isn’t the first time this has happened. I guess it’s an Encantado thing.” She said and slammed her door in my face. The hall was quiet except for the echo of Jayde’s door. I had really screwed things up. Why would Shawna show up now? Who the hell would have let her in? Didn’t she know Jayde was here? All of the kingdom knew. I knocked on Jayde’s door. I had to at least tell her nothing happened. It must have looked horrible from her point of view. 
“Please, Jayde, just a few minutes and this will all be cleared up.” 
“Just go away.” She yelled still very close to the door. 
“Don’t make me talk to your door.” I tried hoping she would relent.  Her door flung open. I looked at her and I felt that clenching feeling again. Her face was lined with tear streaks. Her eyes were red but she still tried to hold on to her hardness, the fierceness that made me love her. How could I live with knowing I made her feel this way? I had to make her listen to what really happened. 
“Spit it out so I can go to bed.” She snapped, walking away from me and sitting at the single chair settled near the windows of her living area. She stared out the window avoiding me. I stepped in and closed the door behind me. 
“Shawna is sort of an ex. Nothing happened tonight she was in my room when I arrived. I told her we were over and to leave and then I opened the door and you were there.” 
“And that’s such a good time?” She asked her voice was no higher than a whisper but tinged with anger. 
“She was pushing your buttons, Jayde.” 
“Really? Did you tell her about us?” 
“No, but everyone knows about the treaty. We had broken up before I went to look for you. She’s only trying to upset you.” I pleaded grabbing her hand from across the couches. She pulled away instantly.
“That’s awfully convenient for you she shows up tonight? Maybe I just missed her the other times.” She retorted disgusted.
“What? You can’t believe that! I love you.” I snapped firmly.  
“I don’t believe you.” 
“Have I ever given you a reason to doubt me?” 
She turned and looked at me. “How did Sy’s father die?” I sat down. Why did that matter? Why was she asking about this?
“What does that have to do with anything?” 
“Just answer the question.” She said her voice rising slightly. 
“Heart Attack.” I answered eager to get to the point. 
“Your uncle had nothing to do with it?” That’s when it all snapped into place, damn Sy. Between Shawna and Sy they were really wreaking havoc with Jayde’s head. 
“There was an attack to the old kingdom right before that, but my uncle did not injure or kill Sy’s father.” She looked out the window again. She had stopped crying, I had hoped she was just processing everything and preparing to forgive me. I didn’t want her to go to bed upset. Damn it she had to know nothing had happened in a span of ten or fifteen minutes. 
“I guess I’ll see you tomorrow.” She said and stood telling me she was done with this conversation. 
“Am I forgiven?” I asked worried by the tinge of sadness still present in her usually vibrant eyes. 
“Kohl.” She said with no feeling, it was almost ice. I knew bad news was coming. “I don’t know how you are in relationships, but I’ve had my share of heartbreak. Not only did Antonio cheat on me, he lied to me, and he hurt me. I thought you were different. I hoped you were different, but I guess you aren’t. I’m not going to hold this against you especially in regards to the treaty, but I’d really like to be left alone for a bit.” 
“Jayde, you can’t be…” I stopped talking when I saw the sharp look in her eyes. “I really do love you, Jayde.” I said losing my resolve. “I would never intentionally hurt you.” She walked into her bedroom and closed the door quickly behind her. 
This was such a mess. I left knowing she wasn’t going to talk to me again tonight or any time soon. 



Chapter 18: Contracts
Jayde
Sleep eluded me. Why wouldn’t it? It’s not like I wanted to escape the harsh reality I was living in. I sat up knowing there was no way I was getting anything that resembled rest. I walked to the bathroom appreciating the unique details within the tiles again. I started the bath maybe I just needed to ease some of the tension I was feeling.
I slid into the massive tub and my thoughts went exactly where I didn’t want them to go. Kohl and that woman, Shawna. I felt my eyes well with tears in an instant of the thought. I really believed he’d be different, that he wouldn’t be hiding a mistress right under my nose. I really believed we had something special, but how could we? That woman was gorgeous she was tall, blonde, perfect complexion, legs longer than my entire body. I was confident and I thought I was pretty, but she was perfect. She had it all and apparently she had Kohl. Sy had been right all along he was just using me. At least Sy was up front with me he didn’t expect me to love him, but just rule beside him. I was completely blinded by the idea of Kohl. He wasn’t the knight in shining armor I had made him out to be when I first met him. He had lied getting me to trust him, getting me to fall in love with him all for a kingdom. It was making Sy more and more of a plausible option, but I’d said I wouldn’t let my feelings interfere with my choice. Damn it. I willed myself not to cry, but failed miserably as I started to feel the next episode of tears trickle down my cheeks.
I closed my eyes willing myself to think of anything but Kohl. Music? I grabbed my iPhone hoping I could get a short reprieve from my blurry vision and heartache. Yes, it was dramatic, but I had been wronged by someone I never have guessed would. I think I deserved a small pity party for the time being. 
Three songs later I still hadn’t been able to draw my thoughts away from Kohl’s imploring gaze as he begged me to believe nothing happened. I just couldn’t do it. She had said something happened. She was hanging all over him. I heard them talking before he opened the door. It didn’t sound hostile, but he could have been trying to be quiet, after all, everyone was supposed to be asleep. Maybe he was telling the truth he had only been gone ten minutes tops. What could really happen in a few minutes? No, I wasn’t going to do this again. I had promised myself. Antonio for all his talk of loving me had used me multiple times and I always relented taking him back and believing he changed. I was not ready to do it again. I had grown past this I didn’t want to be that girl anymore. 
My phone started ringing. I looked at the screen. Julio? Why was he calling now? I contemplated answering it and even though I knew it was stupid to answer I needed to hear a friendly voice. “Hello?” 
“Jayde? Where the hell are you?” He shrieked his rage, worry, and exhaustion all coming through over the phone line. “Your parents are worried sick. I’m worried sick. Come home.” Julio pleaded. 
“I can’t and I’m not.” I said knowing I was avoiding this conversation. I had been dodging their calls since I had left. Why did I pick up today? I had no clue. Maybe I just missed Julio. Maybe I hoped he’d reassure me that everything would be okay with or without Kohl. 
“Where are you? Are you hurt?” 
“No,” I said not trying to think about Kohl. 
“You sound upset.” He said catching the slight note of distress in my voice that he always caught. That’s why he was my best friend.
“I’m fine, I’m happy, and don’t look for me. Okay?” 
“Are you alone?” He said like my kidnappers were listening to every word we said. 
I laughed at the thought. “Julio, really I’m okay. I haven’t been kidnapped. I just had to go away, to do some growing up if it helps it has to do with my bio parents.” 
“I knew it bothered you that you were adopted, but the people that actually raised you care a million times more than whoever those people are.” 
“I know they miss me, but they will be proud of me. I have to stay where I am but I am happy and I’m free to come and go as I please.” 
“You are going to put me in an early grave, Jayde.” 
“Then stop worrying and get on with your life.” I said laughing at the phrase he commonly said when I did something stupid. I missed him more than I could have imagined I realized when new tears started down my cheeks.
“But…”
“But nothing.  You don’t have to worry about me. When I visit, I want you to have found a girlfriend that treats you a million times better than I ever did.” 
“Jayde…” 
“Just do it, you’ll thank me later. I love you, Julio. Bye.” I said choking on the fresh tears making it difficult to keep my voice steady. That was a horrible idea. I thought wallowing in the tub until Isadora came looking for me. 
“What are you doing?” She asked, but as she came closer she noticed my obviously less than stellar appearance. “Are you okay, Lady Jayde?” She asked a hint of worry in her tone. I shook my head and grabbed the plush towel she handed me. “What happened?” She continued as she started to clear the tub once I had exited. 
“I miss home.” Was all I could choke out before I started to cry again. I wish I could have talked to her about Kohl, but I thought better of it until… “and Kohl.” Her eyes widened with my response. 
“Isa, I don’t think he likes me. How can I choose between someone in love with another or someone in love with themselves?” I said as she wrapped me in her arms in a hug that reminded me so much of my mother. I missed her.
“Let’s get you dressed and you can tell me everything that is making you so upset.” I nodded and followed her into my bedroom. A dark pair of slacks and an ocean blue button down sleeveless shirt sat on my already remade bed. “I’ll start tea and maybe we can have breakfast just the two of us today.” I nodded appreciative she didn’t want me to go to the formal breakfast. 
I dressed and sat at my vanity pulling my hair into a ponytail. I was not in the mood for the extensive hair tweaking and make up Isadora typically did. I walked into the living room where Isadora already had breakfast and tea ready. I really needed to learn her secrets, she was amazing. 
“Sit down, Lady Jayde.” She said handing me a cup of tea as I sat before the coffee table. She sat across from me grabbing her own cup. It was one of the first times Isadora had sat with me besides when planning the coronation. It made her seem more like a friend and less like my maid. 
“I like this, Isa, we should do this more often.” 
“Don’t divert my attention, Jayde why were you crying?” She shot back actually sounding worried about me. Her eyes were pinched in worry showing fine lines around her eyes. She was older than me, heck she could have been as old as my mother. “My best friend from home called and I answered. I miss him and my parents, my adoptive parents.” I said looking at her as she quickly listened without a judging frown or questioning look. “They are worried about me and I don’t know what to say to them. I can’t tell them where I am and I can’t tell them not to worry because they will worry more.” She nodded completely understanding my pain or at least making it seem that way.
“And what has made you worried about the treaty?” She asked once I had resolved all of my family pain. 
“I met with Sy yesterday as you recall. The man is egotistical which is putting it lightly.” I noticed Isadora hide her smile behind her tea cup. 
“Go on.” 
“I thought choosing Kohl would be the most rational choice until I met…”
“Who?” she asked becoming noticeably more interested in this conversation than she had been in the last one about my family. 
“I don’t know who she was, but she was beautiful. I think Kohl might be in love with her. I saw them together I just assumed they were an item.” I said trying to make my lie plausible. 
“Kohl is not seeing anyone believe me I would know.” She replied reassuringly. 
“Are you sure?” I asked again. Did Kohl actually tell me the truth? “She’s unmistakable. Tall, Blonde, Gorgeous, Scantily Clad.” 
Isadora laughed, “It sounds like Shawna.” 
“Shawna?” 
“I guess she would be considered Kohl’s ex girlfriend, but he kept it very hush hush. No one outside of the mansion knew about them. So don’t bring this up to just anyone.” 
I nodded in understanding. “So they aren’t seeing each other anymore?”
She shook her head, “I don’t think so. Does that mean you may have feelings for Kohl?” I groaned, not wanting to have this conversation again. “We don’t have to talk about Kohl.” She said with a knowing smile. 
I ate a bagel keeping quiet. “Do you know what meetings are prepared for today?”
“I’m not aware, but I can find out.” 
“Thank you,” I said as Isadora stood up and went to get me the information I requested. 
Isadora had actually made me feel better. Maybe I could believe Kohl, but what if they were just keeping their relationship a secret from everyone now and no one was supposed to find out? I heard my door open and expected to see Isadora, but much to my disappointment. I really wasn’t ready to see him yet. The sadness was still very real and every bit as painful as last night.
“Hi. How are you doing this morning, Lady Jayde.” He was nervous, it was apparent even from across the room. He also looked like he hadn’t slept well, dark circles had taken residence under his eyes. He didn’t look nearly as vibrant and happy as he normally was.
“I’ve been better.” I said dryly not even meeting his gaze.
“Is Isadora…”
“She stepped out to get the meeting schedule.”  He looked relieved and took a seat across from me. “Kohl, I think it would be best if you did not enter my quarters without my permission.” I saw the chink in his armor, but he quickly cleared the emotion from his face. 
“Jayde, I have never lied to you. Nothing happened why can’t you believe that?” He asked with as much conviction as he could muster. He looked so hurt and lost but I resisted the urge to let him come near me.
“I think I believe you, but…” I said knowing he was too happy for what I was actually going to say. “I’m not ready to start where we left off. My trust in you is still wavering and you were right we should be going at a much slower pace than we were. I need some breathing room.” 
“Jayde.” 
“I’m not finished. I think I am going to reschedule my weekend in Encante-South for this weekend.” 
“You can’t just run away from me when you’re upset.” He snapped visibly upset. 
“I’m not running away.” I said angry he thought that’s what I was doing. I just wanted to clear my head. I wanted to think through everything and really figure out if I trusted and believed Kohl. “I feel this would be a good chance for both of us to clear our heads, calm our hormones, and it should give me the space I desire at the moment.” I finally looked up at him, his expression was pained. I wanted to touch him, but I was supposed to be upset with him. I couldn’t let his being upset urge me to comfort him. I had learned better and I needed to comfort myself first. 
“What is it that you don’t believe?” He asked softly. My heart clenched with the pain in his voice. “I will prove anything you want. Why would you want to give up this?” He said grabbing my hands. “You know this is right. You know there is no one else for me but you. How do you doubt me when a few minutes before I was lost in your beauty?” I looked away not wanting to have a repeat performance of last night. 
“Please, Kohl, it is for the best.”
“No, it isn’t, us together is for the best. Encante needs us. I need us.” 
I pulled my hands from him. “It’s only a weekend, please respect my wishes. I believe that nothing happened, Kohl, but I just want a chance to contemplate what someone like Shawna was doing in your private quarters.”
“She was there without my knowledge!”He retorted heatedly. 
“How many other times had she been there? Does she visit you every night and I only saw her yesterday?” I said finally getting to what was really bothering me. “If you love this woman go be with her. Don’t pretend that you have feelings for me. I thought Sy was horrible yesterday, but at least he was honest about his misdeeds. You, Kohl, have deceived me.  You made me think I could have it all. Love, a kingdom, and happiness but honestly I feel you have blinded me to your true nature this entire time.” 
He looked at me utterly flabbergasted. “You can’t possibly think what you said is even remotely true?”
“Actually I don’t know what to think.” I said breathing deeply to regain some of my resolve. 
“Jayde, Shawna and I have been over for months. Nothing has happened between us in months. Since I met you my every thought has involved you. No one else. I have never tried to deceive you. You can have everything you want. I do love you, I will make you happy, and I do want to rule with you as my queen.” I looked away from the sadness lining his face. 
“I want to believe you, but I need time.” I persisted, but this time avoiding the dark depths of his eyes that saw right through me. Cheating was something that I never handled well. With Antonio, I took his word and believed when all the signs told me otherwise. I was more cautious with my trust after him. 
He sighed. “Please don’t go to Sy’s this weekend. I want to make this up to you before then.”
“I need space.” 
“Okay, any plans I have I will give you fair warning before.” I nodded accepting his proposal.
“Are we still on for a swim?” 
“I haven’t decided yet.” I replied meekly. 
“Very well, I will see you soon, Lady Jayde.” Kohl said on cue as Isadora came back into the room. 
He walked out without another word. Isadora’s face told me she was full of questions. If I could answer them or not was the more important question. 
“Lady Jayde, you are upset again.” 
“Actually, I feel much better.” I said plastering a fake smile on to my face, hoping she didn’t see right through it. She looked at me pensively for a moment whether to push the issue or believe it at face value. 
“Very well, would you like to attend the military meeting scheduled in an hour?” 
“Oh no not that again, I guess coronation plans it is.” She smiled and grabbed the work we had been doing yesterday. 


Chapter 19: Personally
Sy
Reggie was scampering over. I groaned I really needed to find something to do with my time now that I wasn’t planning war every second of the day. I thought back to how Jayde had gotten me to sign that damn treaty. 
The woman was a master! I never thought that she would sway me as much as she had. Maybe she was too pretty for her own good or was it that fiery personality that had drawn me like a moth to a flame. I had given her everything she wanted without even coherently considering my options. I was such an ass.
It couldn’t have been the kiss. I don’t know what had come over me. Her attitude just begged for control? Did I just want to see if I could do it? I don’t know. There were a lot of I don’t knows when my brain honed in on Jayde. The damn woman wasn’t supposed to affect me the way she had. I was honest when I had said that I didn’t expect us to love each other, but she wheedled through the walls I had in place and I was finding that I was strangely attracted to the head strong, hard bargaining, bright eyed, damsel. I knew I wasn’t a nice king, but I still wanted her to choose me. 
How could I possibly think such things? What was happening to me?
“So I have asked Drea to decorate the second guest room. Would you like to sign off on what you would like put into Lady Jayde’s room?” Reggie handed me a list of all the items of furniture they had picked out for the sparsely decorated room. I looked down at the list confused at the multiple shades of blue and green I didn’t know existed, but was apparently going to be in Jayde’s new room, courtesy of our decorator Drea. 
“Looks okay to me.” I signed the bottom sheet and got off my butt. I left my office desk contemplating how I was going to get Jayde to actually enjoy her visit in Encante- South. I walked over to the window and looked outside. My office looked over the beach that was in the back gardens of the castle. It was starting to get dark and the sun setting was right over the water. Shades of purple, pink, and gold were covering the sky. The onset of the night sky not yet taking hold, but would be soon. 
Jayde would like a tour of the kingdom that was for sure. I had to do the exact opposite of everything that Kohl did except woo her of course. He apparently had done a fantastic job of that. Jayde was clearly smitten with Kohl if her response to him entering her room was any indication. He also seemed to have experience in her quarters if she accepted him into her bedroom without one protest. That told me I had a lot of work cut out for me. The scales were already heavily in Kohl’s favor. I had to do something that would be unforgettable. Hopefully, dad was doing what he could wherever he was and ruining Kohl’s chances with Jayde as we speak. I needed a masterful plan so she could see and be intrigued by all the good qualities I could muster. I had some somewhere.
I wasn’t particularly happy that I had to deal with any of this. I knew this treaty was nothing, but a headache I just didn’t realize how much until Kohl had found Jayde first. Now, I was stuck vying for a woman’s attention that should already have been enamored with me four years ago. Oddly enough I knew if it was any other girl I wouldn’t need to try. Oddly enough if it was any other girl I wouldn’t have tried to even entice the girl to pick me. There were other ways to gain rule over Encante. 
I walked to my intercom and called for Reggie to come back. “I need you to write up a list for me.” I said when he finally answered. 
“Will be there in one moment, your highness.” Reggie answered obviously flustered. 
Just as he promised he rushed into my office and closed the door behind him. 
“Good, we need to brainstorm.”
“About what?” 
“Lady Jayde of course.” He nodded and opened a notepad. 
“May I tell you about an idea?” Reggie chimed in. I shrugged and he regaled an excellent idea to do exactly what I wanted.

Kohl
I didn’t have a clue as to how I could make her forgive me. All those things she said she couldn’t possibly believe those things. I was using her? Could she really believe that?  Could she not see that I was in love with her? Could she possibly think Shawna was anywhere near the same league as she was?
I looked over at the other men arguing again about how long they thought this treaty would last. They were in astonishment when I told them what Jayde had accomplished in such a short time. It took her a few hours to get a treaty, I had been fighting with Sy about the same thing for two years with nothing lasting more than a few days. Hell it was usually over that night! Maybe it was a good thing Jayde was around because Jayde had found Sy’s weakness and was getting all she could out of him. 
My thoughts had just circled back around and they were back to Jayde. This meeting was a lost cause, I wasn’t going to hear a word of it when I knew Jayde was so close by and so upset with me. 
“Your majesty?” Someone said drawing me out of my thoughts. 
“Yes?” I said trying to pretend I was actually listening to the disagreement.
“Do you think we should take a vote?” 
“Let’s talk this over a little more. We can take a vote later on.” I said hoping to figure out what the vote was about. 
“I feel that I have made my point crystal clear. I don’t trust this. We can’t expect to just move our soldiers and then he attacks like he always does.” His face was starting to turn red. 
“I’m not saying that we remove everyone, I say we show some faith and loosen our reins on the borders.” They all seemed to contemplate this idea. 
“How many would you keep at the borders.” 
“How many do we keep there now?” I asked trying to remember the specifics of the ever changing numbers around all the borders of Encante-North.
“Fifteen on land and ten in the water.” 
“How about we just half that. Five in the water and 8 on land. Shall we vote?”
They agreed and within a few minutes I was signing the new plan and finished with my meetings. Not like I could take any more of these meetings today when all I could focus on was Jayde. I walked into the hallway to see her walking down the stairs with Isadora. She looked up and then went back to what she was doing. 
“Hello, what are you lovely ladies up to today?” 
Isa looked up and curtsied as best she could standing beside Jayde on the stairs, “We are practicing Jayde’s walk for her coronation in her shoes.” I looked at Jayde’s feet. She must have picked the tallest heels in existence. 
“How can you walk let alone stand in those?” I asked trying to pinpoint an exact measurement in my head. 
“These have a platform so the six inches aren’t as severe.” Jayde said still slowly taking one step at a time. “I just have to get used to it.” I nodded and watched her slowly and purposively take the next few steps. She made it to the bottom of the staircase and slid the shoes off her feet. 
“Lady Jayde, we have to practice walking around normally as well.” Jayde rolled her eyes as she slid the shoes back onto her feet. 
“Lead the way, Isa.” She said and started following Isadora around the first floor. I looked at their retreating bodies. Jayde looked over her shoulder at me, but quickly turned back to her instruction. 
I walked into the library there had to be some way I could make everything up to her. She was going to trust me again. Wasn’t she? 
Philip slid into the library right after me. “Your highness?” 
I turned around finally acknowledging his presence. “Is something bothering you?” He asked a quizzical yet worried look coming to his face.  
“I may have messed up everything.” I said not even bothering to lie to the only person that I could confide in. Philip closed the door on cue. 
“What has happened?” He asked actual fear showing in his dark eyes. 
“Shawna.” I groaned falling onto the leather love seat. 
Philip gave me a suspicious leer before he spoke. “I thought Shawna was out of the picture.” 
“I know she is, but apparently she doesn’t understand that. I don’t even know who would let her in here anyways.” 
“She was here?” Philip said his eyes noticeably widening with the news. 
“In my living quarters no less in practically no clothing.” I complained. 
“Well she is gone?” 
“Of course she is gone I kicked her out last night. Philip, who do you take me for?” 
“I guess it’s a good thing Jayde didn’t see or we might have--” He looked at my pained expression. “She did?” he practically squeaked. “Is she angry?”
“Angry is not exactly the word more like mistrustful. She thinks I’ve been lying to her and sneaking around with Shawna.”
“Well.” He asked pointedly. 
“Well what?”
“Have you?”
“God no, Philip, that woman is the devil!”He nodded in agreement. 
“Has Jayde forgiven you yet?” 
I shook my head, “I don’t think so and I don’t know what to do to make her forgive me she was ready to leave to Sy’s.”
“This is good, Kohl.”
I looked at him incredulously. How was any of this good?
“The fact that she is upset means she has strong feelings for you. You are winning.” I wanted to roll my eyes I already knew how Jayde had felt, but Philip and the kingdom didn’t know it. 
“I’m not winning anymore. Do you know what she said to me?”
“What?” 
“She said that Sy may be a horrible person, but at least he is honest about it. I hide and lie to make myself seem better.” I scoffed. “She couldn’t possibly believe that. Could she?”
“I think she said that out of anger.” Philip consoled. “How about instead of dinner you take Jayde out to explore. Show her around, she’s been trapped in this mansion since her arrival.” 
I thought about it. It was actually a good idea. “I got to go.” I said quickly leaving the library and looking for Jayde. I stepped into the front hall and found her sliding off those shoes again. 
“Lady Jayde.” I said breathily. 
“Give us a moment, Isa.” She said not even acknowledging my presence and still focused on her feet and examining the red welts that were present. All that for a pair of shoes?
“What would you like to discuss now, your majesty?” She said it a bit angrily telling me she was still upset with me. She stood and winced, I was at her side and lifting her into my arms before I thought of the implications. “I don’t need you to carry me. I can walk just fine.” She said looking straight at me for the first time. The same iciness from last night still showing in her eyes. “Put me down.” 
I obliged regretting not being so close to her anymore. “You’re hurt the least I could do is carry you to your room.”
“I’m fine walking.” She said picking up her shoes and starting slowly towards the stairs. 
“Lady Jayde, I was curious if you would have dinner with me tonight.” 
“I think I’d rather eat in my quarters.”
“Not here, I meant in town.”
“In town?” she repeated with a hitch in her words.
“I’d like to show you around. This is the first time I’ve been free and you deserve to see all of Encante.” I looked at her feet, that were still red, I imagine from the various straps on her coronation shoes. “We can reschedule to tomorrow if you are unable to walk.”
“No.” she said quickly. “What should I wear?” I smiled. 
“Anything you like. You will look lovely in anything.” She blushed slightly at the compliment. 
“When will we be leaving?”
“Whenever you are ready.” I said starting up the staircase worried about how much pain she was in. 
“Twenty minutes?”she said and started to walk faster.
“As you wish, my lady.”She smiled, actually smiled and quickly flew up the stairs to her room. 
“Mission accomplished.” Philip said with a smile at the bottom of the stair case. 


Chapter 20: Everything
Jayde
Even I had to admit, Kohl was making it nearly impossible to stay angry with him. We took a carriage to the town center and Encante-North looked everything like I imagined it would. People were bustling about going through their daily routine without a worry. People stopped and looked at items being sold by outdoor vendors. All the stucco sided buildings were vibrant colors reminiscent of Brazil, reminiscent of Rio, reminiscent of my home. This place looked so happy I wanted to be a part of it. 
“Here we are.” Kohl had said and we left to walk around the marketplace. I could care less that my feet were still sore from those evil shoes, but that was the price of height, the price of great shoes and I was going to be comfortable in them once my Coronation was here. We walked around and I had to admit the stuff they were selling I wanted it all. Okay, that was probably me reverting a little bit back to the old Jayde, but silk scarves, colorful dresses, bags, sculptures, paintings, and any other item I could possibly want was shown on this strip. Kohl was ever the gentleman stopping at each stand I did and patiently waiting for me to look at whatever it was that caught my attention. He almost made me forget what happened and just made me appreciate having time together. 
“Thank you for doing this.” I said as we walked from the last vendor to the restaurant that Kohl said was one of the best on the island. We stopped at a small window at the side of one of the many stucco buildings. A woman with pale skin and just as pale silver hair came to the window. 
“Hola,” she said and her smiled wide when she recognized Kohl. 
“Two of my regular orders.” She smiled and nodded and disappeared from my view. 
“What is your regular?” I asked as he guided me to an outdoor dining area. “What is this place?” 
“Hola, the best place in Encante.” He said as he took a seat at one of the picnic benches in a corner.
“It looks like a picnic.” 
“It’s barbecue.” He said as the same elderly woman came out of the door to the yellow stucco restaurant with two plates and covers. 
“Dinner is served.”  She said with that same bright smile. “Enjoy your majesties.” She said with a bow and left quickly. 
I pulled the cover off the plate and looked at the barbecued dish in front of me. “You brought me here for French fries and a burger?” I asked confused. 
He smiled, “Isn't the best food the worst for you? Besides it’s not just any burger it’s a bacon burger.” I felt my heart thud loudly at that heart stopping smile of his. I wish he didn’t make me feel this way after all he had done to me, but I slowly felt the anger I had been harboring towards him since last night begin to die down. I knew I should still be mad he was with another woman, but my heart just didn’t learn just like Antonio before him I was still blinded by their façades. I was still in love with Kohl despite everything that had happened. Sometimes it was hard to kick old habits. 
I ate the food which turned out to be just as good as Kohl had said it would be. Then we went for a walk around the rest of town, mostly down some busy streets with shops and people. 
“I hope this was a good start to you forgiving me for what happened.” Kohl said bringing up exactly what I didn’t want to talk about. 
“Kohl.” I started, but he promptly cut me off. 
“No, Jayde, I have heard what you have had to say about the topic. I know it looked bad, but you have to know deep down you are the only person that means anything to me. I told you I love you and that is not something I say lightly.” He looked down as he said the last part, his dark hair falling forward and blocking his eyes from mine. 
“I told you I just needed space. I believe that nothing happened, but this has made me look at our relationship differently we are being rash. We need to step back and be objective about this whole situation.” Kohl actually chuckled. “That wasn’t meant to be funny.” I said feeling a bit insulted. 
“That is almost exactly what I said to you the night we first kissed.” He said with his rogue smile making my heart pitter patter hard and fast. “But I think you are trying to pull back. I swear to you, Jayde, I am the last person that will break your heart.” 
“I wish I believed you.”I answered honestly and we started walking again.
“How about we head back for a swim?” He said as his hand actually took hold of mine. It was the first time he had done that since we had been out and it was a huge surprise. We were in public and he was holding my hand as we walked by dozens of people. “Come on.” He said shaking me out of my shock and moving forward with him.
The carriage was waiting down the street for us to go back to the mansion. We slid into the carriage and I actually felt a million times better than I should. I should not be holding Kohl’s hand or going for a swim. I was furious with him this morning. Yet, every time I looked at him for the life of me I couldn’t remember why I was so upset. I wanted to trust all the words he said to me. Why couldn’t he love me? Why couldn’t his words be true? Didn’t everyone deserve to find that one person that would say the truth no matter the consequence?
“Meet you downstairs by the beach in five minutes?” He whispered into my ear as the carriage door slid open. I nodded and quickly went to my room. I knew I shouldn’t be excited, but I couldn’t help myself again. I wanted to be happy and damn all the things that happened in the past with Antonio. I knew Kohl was different, I prayed Kohl was different. 
I changed and ran down to the beach where Kohl was patiently waiting for me.
“Took you long enough.” He teased taking my hand and racing towards the water. “We are changing tonight.” I abruptly stopped. 
“Changing? Bu…but I don’t know how.” He stopped beside me.
“Sure you do, you’ve done it before. There isn’t any difference.” He stood beside me wading in waist deep water.  “Breathe,” he started, “Take deep exhales and feel the water around you.” I closed my eyes and followed his instructions. “Do you remember the last time? What did you think about?” He was close enough that his breath was caressing my cheek. 
“Swimming, freedom, escape.” 
“You’re free here just fall.” I followed his instructions and within a matter of seconds I was shifting. The same rush as the first time. My senses were alive with the new sensations and perceptions. The feel of my tail moving back and forth the eerie blue tint that shadowed everything I looked at. Another dolphin was by my side I realized it was Kohl when he came and nudged my side. He spiraled around me making me spin to watch his long body. When he stopped and started swimming I couldn’t help myself I bolted. Racing I went full force as fast as my new body could take me, appreciating every new feeling and reaching heightened levels of appreciation for the beauty of the water. It was simple this was home. Kohl caught up with me and shifted back. 
“What did you think?” When I didn’t immediately change back into my human form he started coaching me through the process again. “Jayde, focus on your human body, think of your reflection, think of the shift and breathe.” It didn’t immediately work like the first shift had and I started to panic. “Don’t be scared,” he said petting the top of my head. I tried to shoo away all my fears and focus like I was instructed. A deep inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale. I felt my limbs elongate. 
“It feels great to be me.” I said with a wide stretch of my newly founded limbs. 
“You don’t like the shift?” Kohl asked teasingly as he floated around me. 
“I do but the conversation is so much better this way.” He chuckled, but didn’t say anything. I started for shore swimming to grab the remainder of my swimsuit. 
“Finished already?” 
“Not nearly but some clothes would be nice.” I said coyly as he approached me. 
“I think right now you are perfectly dressed.” He said catching me and placing a kiss on my lips. He really was trying to get back in my good graces.
“I forgave you already now don’t cause trouble.” I said as he started swimming beside me to reach our clothing as we reached the beach Philip was waiting with a somber expression on his face. 
“Majesties, we have a problem.” He said while handing us our robes without even blinking an eye. I had a sneaking suspicion that Philip knew a lot more than I gave him credit for. 
“What’s wrong?” Kohl said tying his waistband, quickly putting on his diplomatic tone. 
“I caught up with them. There was a violation at quadrant four one of Sy’s men is searching for asylum from King Sy himself. He is begging for mercy.” Philip sent a quick glance my way, “and to see Lady Jayde.” I blinked who would be asking for me? 
Kohl and I quickly changed and went to the throne room where guards were waiting with our suspicious guest. 
I entered beside Kohl and looked down at the man in rags and covered in dirt. His head was bowed and he seemed to be praying. Kohl walked forward first. 
“Stand.” Kohl said in that authoritative voice that made me admire him even more. The man stood on shaky legs. What had Sy done to this poor man? It looked like he hadn’t showered in days and he was covered in bruises and I could barely make out his facial features from all the swelling, but that look I’d never forget.
“Antonio?” I shot out startled. Kohl looked at me with a stern look. 
Chapter 21: Asylum
Kohl
“Please be a merciful king and grant me asylum if I go back to Encante- South I will be killed on the spot.” Jayde’s ex-boyfriend begged. I looked over his disheveled appearance it sure seemed like he’d been through hell, but him being a spy still seemed like a possibility. He had a history with Jayde and would probably be the only one to persuade her to Sy’s side. 
“Kohl, may I have a word with you.” Jayde said stepping closer and turning her back on Antonio. 
“What’s wrong?” 
“I never told you this and I’m sorry.” She started. “Sy was going to kill him and I made a deal with Sy to release him. I…I never thought it would be this bad.” She said with a fresh burst of tears developing. 
“This is for you?” I asked taken aback. Damn Sy. What else did they bargain for in that awful meeting? What did she give him to return the favor?
“I think we should take him in.” She said softly.
“Jayde, I understand that you have a history with him, but he has been one of Sy’s men for years, what makes you think he’s changed? I don’t trust him and I don’t think it is wise to let him have run of the mansion.”
“Are you going to lock him up and torture him too?” She snapped bitterly. Her glare made it obvious that I would never get away with that.  
“Jayde, you know I wouldn’t.” Her eyes stopped whatever words I was planning to say.
“Just give him a bedroom, put him wherever you have the infirmary.”
“We don’t have an infirmary.”
“He can barely stand and you want to turn him away. What can he do? Look at him.” I did, he was pretty beaten up. His legs looked like they would collapse any moment and the only reason he was standing was because he was being supported by the two guards holding firmly onto each arm.
“He could be faking his injuries.” I said.
She scoffed, “Really the last time I checked I didn’t know bruises and broken bones were so easily faked.” 
“Jayde, you can’t let your personal feelings cloud your judgment. He worked or works for Sy and from that alone he is not allowed in Encante-North.”
“It’s all my fault he can’t return. You can’t expect me to let you turn him away.” 
“If he stays he will be in an infirmary for a few days to recover but then he will be placed in the dungeon.” Her eyes were swimming with tears again, the green of her irises seemed to glow with the new onset like a headlight in the fog.
“Please, can we discuss his placement somewhere else?” 
“Jayde, I think this is for the best, but for now let’s get him the treatment he needs.” She nodded still crying. 
“Take him to the infirmary I want a full report on his injuries and keep a guard at his bed post around the clock. The guards both nodded and started to almost literally drag Antonio out of the room. 
“Kohl, please.” She said again.  “He means no harm.”
“Jayde, he works for Sy. I can’t just give him the freedom to walk around Encante-North. He could be a spy.” 
“Do you really think after all that Sy did to him, he would work for him again?”
“And what is it exactly that Sy did to him?” I said growing frustrated from Jayde’s secrets, the intrusion, the treaty, hell I was fed up with anything that had to do with Sy. That bastard had gotten into her head more than I had thought possible.
“He … he was going to kill him.” She replied meekly. “I made a deal with Sy to release him.”
“And what was the deal?” I said aggravated that she had told me none of this.
“An invitation to my coronation.” She answered looking away.
“I thought that was the price of the new treaty.” 
“Yes, it was as well as my weekend visit to Encante-South. He knew I would never want to see him again after that meeting so he said he would free Antonio if I agreed to meet him again.” I sighed in relief mostly. Nothing had happened with Sy, she didn’t even like him, but was forced into his presence by his conniving ways. 
“I’m sorry I was upset with you. I know you have a history with him, Jayde. We can discuss what we plan on doing with him while he’s recovering.” She nodded the tears had stopped and she was gaining her resolve again. 
“I know I was being irrational, but everything that has happened to Antonio is my fault.” She actually broke down this time worse than I had ever seen her. I walked towards her and wrapped her in my arms. 
“He was going to be put to death because he never told Sy he found me. He had to be protecting me. He must have known how awful Sy was. He was beat up and could barely move because I asked Sy to release him. I didn’t know I needed a clause to have him untouched.” Her words came out in chocked whispers as she held firmly to me. 
“This isn’t your fault,” I said trying to calm her. “None of the blame should be on you. You did nothing wrong. Sy is to blame and Antonio. You are making Antonio sound far more noble than he really is if he wanted to protect you from Sy, why didn’t he run with you? Why did he come back to take you to Sy. Why did Antonio use you instead of being a friend? Sy attacked Antonio. You need to remember that wasn’t done for you it was done to make sure Antonio got whatever message he needed him to receive.” She nodded still pressed against my chest. 
“You’re right. I’m sorry. I just felt so guilty.” She rasped.  
“There will be a lot of things for you to feel guilty about, but this is not one of them.” I said kissing the crown of her head. 
“Thank you.” She said softly. “One more thing I want to visit with him and tell him what we are going to do with him.” 
“Jayde, that might not be for the best.”
“I know, but if someone is delivering his fate I want him to know that I fought for him despite all the horrible things he did to me.” I gave in she wanted closure, I thought she might actually need the closure. I could grant one more wish for her. 
“Okay, but you must deliver the verdict we choose. I’m calling a meeting tomorrow to discuss what we are going to do with him. You are welcome to join me.” She nodded.
“I guess I should prepare for bed.” She said pulling away from me and wiping at the remnants of fallen tears on her cheeks. “I must look a mess.” She said with a sad chuckle.
“You are always beautiful.” I said and kissed her goodnight. 
“Goodnight.” She said with a hint of a smile on her face. 
After everything I had heard, what the hell was I supposed to do with him? My instincts told me prison, even death would be a good option, but I was sure Jayde would forbid it. I knew I was preparing for a sleepless night with thoughts of my love’s injured lover and all the problems that would arise with his arrival.  There was one thing I was sure of there was no chance that I would let him roam Encante as a free man. No matter his relationship to Jayde. It was not happening in my kingdom. 

Jayde
I washed my face. I couldn’t cry anymore. Why was I even crying? Kohl was right this wasn’t my fault, Antonio was a pawn in Sy’s scheme. I wasn’t responsible for what transpired between the two of them. Why was I even sympathetic he had broken my heart not once but dozens of times? Antonio did not deserve my sympathy so why did I still cry? Why did I plead with Kohl not to lock him up? I had moved past my feelings for him. Yet, I still felt responsible for what happened to him. It was odd and I wasn’t comfortable contemplating why that could be. 
My thoughts turned to the man that did this. Sy was far worse than I thought. He kept his word with minor alterations that I would never have considered when making a deal with him. Would the treaty end the same way? On some technicality that only Sy could devise. 
I fell onto my bed. My day had went from bad to good to worse.
 Surely this is not how things would go until I decided on the treaty. I had a sinking feeling that there was more to this and Antonio was only the beginning. That had to be the most frightening thought of all. What was Sy up to?
I sat up contemplating whether I should tell Kohl of my new theory. I looked at the red numbers on my alarm clock, he had to be asleep by now. I rolled over, preparing for another night without sleep.
I heard a soft knock from my front door. I left my room and opened my living room door to find Kohl, partially dressed in what looked to be silk pajama bottoms and nothing more. 
“May I come in?” He asked in hushed tones. I nodded and granted him entry.
“Why are you awake at this hour?” I asked as I closed the door. 
“I’ve been thinking about this situation and I think Sy’s up to something. He can’t just accept everything the way it is, there is more to this than we are seeing.” 
I sat beside him in disbelief. “I was thinking the same thing.” 
“Is that why you’re awake?” He said with a hint of a smile.
“Yes.”
“I’ve been going back and forth. I have no clue what else he could be planning.”
“Maybe a break in the treaty?”
“I don’t think he will do that until after you visit…maybe even during your visit because he is guaranteed not to injure you.” I didn’t like how that sounded. 
“Will he hurt you?” I asked afraid of the answer.
“I don’t know, but I never know with Sy.” I nodded, and tried to think of happier things so I wouldn’t cry, again. 
“What if I don’t go?” 
“Then he is most definitely attacking here.” There was no winning with this. “I’m sure his plan will be revealed soon. I just thought you would give me more insight. I’ll let you get some rest now.” He said standing.
“Kohl, don’t go.” 
“I hoped you would say that but I really should be going.” I stood up and kissed him hard. “Please just stay for a little.” He seemed to be contemplating it.
“With everything that is happening I want Philip to be able to find me.” I gave him a pointed look.
“I imagine if Philip did not find you in your quarters he would know exactly where to find you.” Kohl actually laughed a sound I absolutely loved.
“Your laugh is wonderful,” I said resting my head on his chest.
“How did you know I told Philip?”
“He didn’t even seem surprised when he found us swimming in the nude.” 
“We are Encantado. Our dolphin selves are strictly nudists. It’s not something we can help.” I chuckled, like I would believe that story for one second.
“I just thought he would be surprised that we were together.” 
“Philip wants us to connect. He is practically a brother to me and he wants the treaty to work in our favor.” I nodded in understanding. 
“You know if you want it to work more in your favor you would take a lonely girl up on her offer and follow her to her bedroom.”
“I think you are going to be a very difficult queen to dissuade.” Kohl said picking me up and walking towards my bedroom. We collapsed into my bed and all the rush that had distracted us our first time was gone. Kohl’s worry was diminishing. He really did love me and wasn’t giving a damn about what people would think. We were supposed to be together. I was sure of it and now I was starting to think he was sure of it.
“I love you.” He said as he planted another long, earth shattering kiss on me. His hands moved with expertise and knowing up and down my body.
“I love you too.” I said throwing his shirt into the small heap that was building beside my bed. 
“You are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen in my life.” He said placing kisses along my neck and collarbone, moving further down.
This moment right now is what I had expected for my life. Love. Unconditional love. I had found it with Kohl I was sure.
Chapter  22: Altered
Sy
“How did everything go?” I asked Reggie as he entered my office. 
“Antonio is on the other side, your highness.”
“Do you know if he’s still alive?” I pressured. I wanted to know what was going on now that I had held up my end of the bargain.
Reggie nodded timidly and sat down in his usual seat. 
“Good, I hope we can actually get him to do what I want. You told him once this is over never to come back to any part of Encante?” 
“Yes, of course, your majesty. He knows his death will result if that were to occur.”  
“How about the others?” 
“We are placing them as we speak.”
“Do you think this is enough?”
“Enough to plant doubt and keep him busy. If they have no time outside of meetings, when will they have time to improve upon their relationship?” Reggie continued sounding like an evil genius. Sometimes he surprised me with his ingenuity. For example, this plan had caught me completely off guard by its simple creativity.
“How’s Drea’s work coming?” 
“She’s done would you like a tour?” I got up prepared to see if I liked Jayde’s newly remodeled quarters. Reggie rushed to catch up with me.
“Have you given any thought to breaking the treaty?” Reggie asked as he followed me to the newly painted white door. 
“Let’s keep it in place I gave Lady Jayde my word.” Reggie nodded and opened the door for me. I stepped in looking around the finished product.
“I think she will be pleased with these quarters.”
“Drea has truly outdone herself.” I said taking in the new cream colored love seat and armchair. The white and blue coffee table. I walked through the living area to the kitchen. I had told Drea money wasn’t an object I wanted Jayde to have anything she could possibly desire. The whole suite had a beach theme that included tranquil waves and soft blues and a pale sand color. I opened the doors to her bedroom quarters. A massive bed sat with navy bedding and a bed frame with a soft white mesh encasing the bed. In her bathroom the sandy theme continued with a dolphin made of glass embedded into the cream colored tile. 
“I told her she may have to bring the rest of the castle up to date to compliment this room.”
“I think she will like it. Did you find a restaurant suitable for our first evening yet?”I said getting back to what mattered. This coming weekend Jayde would be here and I only had three days to change her mind about me. She needed to choose me. I couldn’t lose to Kohl of all people.  
Our bitter rivalry was worse than our fathers. We had grown up together and the moment he was in charge our childhood friendship was gone. He blamed it on my constant changing of our treaties, but I knew his resentment stemmed from his uncle’s death. A death he blamed me for even though I had done nothing to harm his precious uncle, unlike my father whom his uncle had killed in cold blood. Jayde made me see that Kohl wasn’t personally responsible for that and although his family was of the lowest sorts they were dead as were mine and Jayde’s. We all were alone. I still didn’t want to lose to him, but I was willing to keep my word to Jayde and make war an afterthought for a bit. 

Kohl
She had to be the most radiant woman I’d ever seen. I looked at Jayde one more time, her head was resting on my chest, her dark waves fanned out down her back and her breathing soft and sweet. I looked at her clock it was four in the morning. I didn’t want to leave her again. I should be here. She should never have to wake up alone. 
“Jayde.” I whispered and kissed the top of her head. She moved and yawned but quickly settled back into sleep. “Love,” I said again and she actually awoke.
“Kohl? You…you’re still here?” She said with a sleepy smile that made me smile back. She hugged me firmly and then caught a view of the time. “Did you wake me to say goodbye?” She asked a small pout coming to her full and kissable lips.
“I’m sorry, but I couldn’t bear to know you woke up alone again. I had to tell you.” 
“I want to marry you. I’m sure of it, Kohl.” I kissed her forehead and sat up. 
“I’m glad you are so sure, but I think you should at least wait until after your visit with Sy before we announce our proposal. Let him think he has a fighting chance.”
“I guess you’re right. I should at least get to know him better before I completely decide.”
“But you know the week after that is your coronation. Would you like to announce your choice then?” She smiled and pulled me back down into her mass of pillows.  I was only a man how could I resist her when I wasn’t sure when the next time we were alone would come.  She laughed as I pulled her firmly towards me. 
“I thought you wanted to leave?” She asked her face slightly flushed from kissing. 
“I do, but you are so tempting you make it impossible to want to leave you especially in these conditions.” I said looking at the light blue sheet she was holding with an arm. 
“I like to know that you struggle with keeping your feelings in check too, your highness.” She said with a whisper of a smile that almost made me jump back into her bed but I needed to go at five, people would start waking to their morning tasks. 
“I love you, my sweet temptress. Until I see you again.” I said placing another kiss on her already bruised lips. 
“Goodbye, Kohl.” She said softly as I broke the kiss and left her room in the little clothing I had arrived in.
She possessed me. I sat awake for what seemed like hours thinking of what Sy was planning and I couldn’t think of anything that seemed plausible. I went to Jayde knowing she would be a distraction from my troubled thoughts, but hoping she would have the answers I sought. She had as much insight as me, but the time together we had was much needed. I had almost forgotten how beautiful her skin was, almost forgotten what it was like to not look over my shoulder as I showered her with kisses she deserved. She deserved more than I could possibly give her, but I would spend the rest of my life treating her like the goddess I knew she was. That I was sure of. 
I collapsed into my unmade bed contemplating if anything would change her mind. She said she loved me, she wanted to marry me. I just had to bide my time until she was ready to make her announcement.  Two weeks was nothing compared to the lifetime I waited to meet her and the lifetime I was planning on spending with her. 
~~~
“Your majesty,” Philip said loudly as he banged on my bedroom door.
“It’s six am, Philip this better be important.” I said sitting up pretending to rub sleep from my eyes, but knowing I was fully awake thinking of my night with Jayde. 
“It is King Sy, he has doubled his soldier numbers at the boundaries we believe he is preparing to attack.”
“Doubled? Have you notified all of my men?” 
“Yes, a meeting will begin in ten minutes. Should I awaken Lady Jayde?”
I flung open my closet as I talked to Philip. “I’ll wake her up. Please get the coffee started I feel like today’s going to be a long day.” I found linen pants and an already pressed shirt. I grabbed my tie and headed down the hall to Jayde’s quarters still buttoning my shirt and securing my tie. 
“Lady Jayde, it’s urgent.” I said opening her living quarter’s door and knocking on her bedroom door. I opened it and found her, sitting up, frightened.
“What happened?” she questioned standing and finding her robe and heading to her closet when she saw my dire expression.
“Sy has doubled his men at the boundaries, we believe he is preparing to attack and break the treaty.” 
“Are we positive?” She asked as she slid a navy dress over her head.
“He hasn’t attacked yet so no we aren’t positive, but we need to start coordinating our defense.” 
“Right,” she said as she pulled her hair off her neck and wrapped it in a bun. “Let’s go,” she said sliding into a pair of matching flats and following me outside her quarters where Philip was waiting. 
“So we’ve called the defensive team, most have already arrived, we are still waiting for some stragglers. Coffee and a last minute breakfast are being served in the meeting room. Lovely to see you, Lady Jayde.” Philip said always cordial.  
“Let’s get everyone in the meeting hall and just have the latecomers come as they arrive.” I said walking in and grabbing a cup of coffee for myself with a danish. Jayde was beside me her eyes were wide with worry. “Calm down.” I said with a slight nudge. She smiled, but it didn’t quite reach her radiant eyes. 
“This is all so nerve wrecking. I don’t know how you handle it.”
“I have a new relaxation system that does wonders for my stress levels.” I said with a wink. I don’t know what possessed me to say it, but the whisper of a smile and the slight blush that came to her face made me feel better. 
“Thanks, Kohl.” She said and took a seat beside me at the head of the long table. Men were arguing and shouting about how foolish it was to lower our numbers. 
“Quiet.” I said exasperated at the lack of attention being paid to what was really important. Silence swept the room. Everyone was looking at me. “From all of the correspondents we have heard from, it seems that Sy has not attacked yet. We will increase our numbers at all boundaries until otherwise notified. Does anyone have any other information for me… us today?” I said remembering Jayde was with me.
“Questions, your majesties, if he has increased his numbers, shouldn’t we consider this an end to the treaty and be preparing to attack?” Gustav, an older more surly gentleman that seemed to always be out for blood and gore. 
“No, this does not mean an end to the treaty until Sy attacks.” 
“Why are we always waiting for Sy to attack why can’t we just attack and defeat him?” Ronaldo countered angrily. It was too early in to morning to be dealing with gung ho war morale. 
“Kohl is right why dissolve a perfectly good treaty when nothing has occurred? Why increase the violence when you are striving for peace? It sounds like opposites to me, gentleman, and you must choose sides. War and death or peace and unity.” Jayde said speaking up for the first time. 
“Jayde is right, we are presently at peace and I will not be jeopardizing that until Sy breaks the treaty. Meeting adjourned.” I said standing and walking to the window as my military officials left to be replaced by my operations team. We had to get to the bottom of what Sy was planning and have a good defense prepared and practiced for each man on the front line. I hated days like these but looking over at Jayde’s wide eyes as a new set of men assembled at the table made me feel like I could handle this.
“So has everyone been informed of what’s been going on?” I asked breaking up the side conversations and getting to the point once again. 

Chapter 23: Strategic
Jayde
I don’t think I’ve ever been so bored or tired in my life.  Why has this meeting been in progress for the last four hours? How many operational strategies did they possibly need? Wasn’t it simple Sy’s men attack, you attack?
“Okay men, let’s have an hour for lunch and we will regroup at one.” Kohl said looking just as exhausted as I felt. All of the men trudged out of the room, looking ragged at best. The room cleared and Kohl turned to me with a sag in his shoulders. “This is going to be a long day.” He complained running a hand through his thick, dark hair.
“Its’ okay, it’s not always pretty being in charge.” He smiled at my response. 
“I had so many plans for us.” He said moving closer and touching my cheek. 
“Like what?” I asked hoping there was some more alone time worked into his plans. 
“I had wanted to have a swim and dinner in my quarters today.”
“Your quarters?” I repeated surprised.
“I thought I’d actually give you a tour of my living quarters since I’ve been so well acquainted with yours.” He teased. I couldn’t help the smile that spread across my face as my heart rate picked up. Kohl had meant every word he had said and he wasn’t breaking his promises. Everything felt like it was going right again. “I’m not exactly sure when that will take place thanks to this bit of news.” 
I nodded in understanding, “I’ll be here the whole time.” I said knowing it was my obligation as well as Kohl’s. I couldn’t leave every time something was boring I had to be around when times were tough and prove myself. 
“Let’s get some lunch before they start coming back.” Kohl said grabbing my hand and leading me out of the meeting hall. I followed him up the massive staircase where he wandered through the hall all the way to his private quarters. 
“I thought we were getting lunch.” I said coyly. 
He smiled that sweet smile that seemed to be reserved only for me. “Since we will have a difficult time escaping for dinner I thought I would make us a quick lunch.” He pulled me through the large wooden doors. I looked around for the first time seeing where the man I loved spent so many hours. There was a living room with dark chocolate leather sofas. They were massive and seemed as if I would sink if I even attempted to sit on one. I looked around the room, all the walls were actually shelves with books brimming from each shelf. 
“You have not read all of these books?” I asked walking further into the room and seeing a small ash wood side table with a reading lamp and another book that seemed to be in the process of being read. 
“I have read most of them.” He answered with a chuckle. “I really enjoy reading it keeps me from thinking about everything that is worrying me and soothes me. I typically fall asleep with a book in hand.” He said rushing a hand through his beautiful dark hair again. He started to pull me along into his kitchen. In a word I would describe it as male. Ash wood cabinets, stainless steel appliances, and a small pile of dishes yet to see the dishwasher. 
Kohl opened the fridge in search for whatever he deemed was appropriate for our lunch. I nervously took a seat at the wooden breakfast table slid into the corner of the kitchen. I don’t know why feelings of nervousness overcame me. I hoped it was just because this was the first time I was actually in Kohl’s quarters. However, I felt my anxiety stemmed from the last time I was here, or at least near here. I turned my gaze from Kohl as I remembered seeing him with her, Shawna, the flawless ex. I tried to shake images of her away. Kohl had explained I had forgiven him. We were moving on. I needed to keep that in mind.
“How does frozen lasagna sound?” He asked pulling out a frozen dinner from his freezer and heading to the microwave.
“It’ exactly what I wanted.” I said and walked towards him. “I would eat dirt if it was with you.” I said as I kissed him. 
“I promise this is better than dirt.” He said pulling me close to him again not ready to end our embrace. His delicious lips were a breath away I couldn’t resist. The world could be ending and if I was in Kohl’s arms, I'm sure I wouldn’t even notice. “You do know how difficult it is to do anything with you around.”
“Really? And why is that, your majesty?” I teased. He pulled me in for a long, earth shattering kiss that left me breathless. How could a man kiss like that and not have a herd of woman at his feet?
“Your very existence makes me lose concentration.” He said that smile of his gracing his handsome features once again.
Beep. “I guess that is lunch.” I said pulling from his embrace. 
“I’m really sorry that we won’t have time for dessert.” He said eyeing me hungrily. 
How could any warm blooded woman attempt to resist that? 
“Maybe we should just skip lunch then.” I said running a hand down his large bicep at the suggestion, but Kohl seemed to snap out of our inappropriate repertoire and get back to what was important as he stepped away from me and grabbed two plates. He quietly went to work on slicing the lasagna completely ignoring what I had said to him. I sighed and moved back to the small table.  He followed me and placed the two plates down, along with forks and napkins. He grabbed two water bottles and smiled as he sat down beside me. 
“I hope you enjoy this, Jayde.” He said with a smile that wasn’t as private and a bit more diplomatic than I would have liked. 
“Thank you.” I said and quietly ate. 
~~~
We never did make it back to the kissing and touching I was actually hungry for. Shortly after we started eating Philip walked in. He blinked his surprise at seeing me but didn’t say much else on the matter. He informed us that everyone was seated and ready for the meeting to commence. Needless to say, I suppressed a groan and went back to that awful meeting. 
Lunch did not make it an iota more interesting, either. In fact, I was almost positive it was dragging even more than it had when we left. I shifted in my chair and felt everyone’s gaze upon me again. That wasn’t getting tiring at all. Since the first meeting, everyone stared at me like the out of place girl I was. If I inhaled too sharply all eyes were on me. If I moved a fraction of an inch all eyes were on me. You think these men had never seen a female before. Get over it already.
“Gentleman,” Kohl said distracting their attention away from me. “I think it is time to initiate our plans. We have come up with several great strategies to combat Sy’s troops, but we are nothing if we do not stop arguing and put these plans into action.” He had a point and I was thankful he was making it now. I looked around at the table there were a few grumbles, but everyone seemed to be in agreement. Five minutes later the meeting was adjourned. 
I let out a deep breath and my shoulders sagged with relief. I knew everything with Sy was just beginning, but as long as that meeting was over this was a relief.
Another group of men shuffled into the room almost immediately. I looked at Kohl. How could he seem so unfazed by this? I was starting to lose my battle with staying awake. I hadn’t slept well two nights in a row and one more meeting was sure to push me over the edge.
“You don’t have to stay.” Kohl said seeming to notice my utter shock that there could possibly be anything left tot talk about. 
“I promised I’d stay. It’s not your responsibility. It’s our responsibility.” He smiled and squeezed my hand under the table. The men filed in and I noticed the man from the first day. Burton. He smiled and took the seat to the right of me. I looked at Kohl who had noticed him too. 
“I could...”
“Kohl, don’t.” I laughed. One thing I had learned about Kohl these last two weeks was that he was territorial. “What’s this meeting about anyway?” I said trying to draw Kohl’s attention away from the poor man, who looked ready to run. 
“What to do with Antonio.” His grip tightened on my hand. “I know this is important to you.” I nodded nervous to hear what all the men would say. What they must think of me trading myself for my ex-boyfriend. 
“Your majesties could you explain how Antonio Bahomonde ended up in our custody.” I looked at Kohl. I wanted to tell the story. 
I stood and started from the beginning.“Antonio was a spy for Sy that was implanted into my life three years ago. I didn’t learn about his dealings with Sy until I came to Encante. During my meeting with Sy, he informed me that he would be putting Antonio to death for treason.” I took a steadying breath. “Although, I’m not particularly fond of Antonio, I could not in good conscious let him be killed. I made a deal with Sy. In return he was given an invitation to my coronation. I cannot defend Antonio’s character and claim that he is a good man, because I have never known Antonio to be a good man. Yet, no man deserves the torture Sy put him through. I hope you can find it in your hearts to not prolong his torture and let him heal.” I sat down and the whispering started. 
Kohl took my hand in preparation for the backlash. It was going to be ugly if the tidbits of information I was catching were any indication. 
“With all due respect my queen, but letting him go is not advisable. He may still be working for King Sy.” I nodded knowing this was coming. 
A few men argued for my side but when arguments were all that we heard Kohl called the meeting back to order. 
“I think everyone has had their chance to speak we should take a vote. The queen and I are insisting that he remain in the hospital until he is fully healed with a guard at his door. There will be no discussion there. However, we will be voting on what should be done after he’s allowed to leave the hospital. One option is to be jailed. Option two we let him go. Option three” He stopped and looked to me as if he was sorry and continued. “Option three would be exile from Encante.” 
I gaped at Kohl. He couldn’t be serious. 
“All in favor of option one raise your hand.” Kohl said looking around the room counting the hands. There was a good amount of hands in the air. “All in favor of option two?” He asked and I raised my hand with only a few others. “Option three?” He asked as he raised his own hand with the majority of his staff. 
They were going to exile him. I felt tears burn my eyes, but I fought knowing I couldn’t show any more weakness then I had today in front of these men. 
“It is decided Antonio Bahamonde will be exiled once he fully recovers from his injuries. Meeting adjourned.” Kohl said standing. I followed closely behind him.
“Kohl, how could you?” I snapped hurt. 
“I told you he couldn’t stay. Be happy they didn’t offer to kill him. If someone would have mentioned it I’m sure it would have snowballed into that.”
“But Encante is his home.”
“Encante-South was his home and he has been exiled from there I can guarantee.” Kohl said turning to face me. His face was a mask, not showing a single emotion. “He will have more then most exiled. He has resided in Brazil for the last three years, he has a place to stay and maybe even a job. He will survive.” Kohl said walking out of the room not even hearing my response. 
“I guess you’re right.” He stopped in his tracks. 
“Really?”
“He can make it in Brazil. He has lived there already. Him being in Encante is only asking for trouble. We don’t know why he is here or anything, but it’s just so hard to get past...” I stopped to will the tears away again. “The fact that he isn’t just my ex-boyfriend but a spy. I understand the decision made and as promised I will deliver it.”
Kohl smiled sadly at me. “You surprise me every chance you can. Don’t tell him until he is better let him focus on his recovery. 


Chapter 24: With Sy
Jayde
I looked around my room one more time. The week had flown by and I was leaving to Encante-South. Isa had packed my luggage for me last night, but I was just prolonging the inevitable. I was spending the weekend in Encante-South with Sy. A weekend alone with Sy. It was one long nightmare I hoped was over quickly. 
“We could reschedule.” Kohl tried again. I shook my head. I wanted to get this over with so I could officially be with him without reservations. 
“I want to announce our engagement at the coronation, remember?” He sighed but nodded knowing I was right. “I’ll miss you.” I said and kissed him. He pulled me toward him enveloping me in his strong arms. 
“I will see you in three days, my queen.” I smiled and left the room with Kohl carrying my weekend luggage behind me. 
I walked downstairs to be greeted by Sy, himself. He smiled and bowed toward me. I followed suit trying my best to be civil even though he was a royal jerk. I had spent the last week in meetings because he increased his numbers at every checkpoint. He hadn’t made a move and it was starting to look like one big game to me.
“You look beautiful as always, Lady Jayde.” Sy said as he took my hand and kissed it like he had the first time we met. 
“Thank you, Sy.” I said turning and taking my rolling bag from Kohl. He looked like he was stressed and I knew he was nervous that Sy had some devious plan of breaking the treaty while I was in Encante-South. I hoped that wasn’t the case, but I just never knew with Sy. Sy took my bag in a quick move and he guided me outside to a waiting carriage. His was more ornate than Kohl’s. Where Kohl had a simple white carriage like nearly everyone else in Encante-North. Sy’s was made of a dark wood that gleamed to almost look black. It had gold embellishments on the outside and inside. I slid inside to the gold upholstered seats. Sy slid in beside me. 
“Are you ready for a weekend you will never forget?” Sy said with a teasing smile.
“I’m ready to get this over with.” I replied back not too nicely. His smile disappeared and the mask that I was accustomed to seeing on him was back. I knew he was a royal jerk, but I still felt bad. “I’m sorry, Sy. That was rude.”
“I’d rather you be honest then pretend.” He said still showing no emotion.
We rode the rest of the way in silence. I watched us go through the town center, the small wooded area that separated Encante-North and South and the checkpoint to enter Encante-South. Guards for Encante-North stopped our carriage inspected it’s contents and allowed us entry to Encante-South or at least the Encante-South Checkpoint fifteen feet away. Where they did the exact same procedures, inspecting everything inside and outside of the carriage. When they noticed Sy’s less then thrilled demeanor they quickly finished and allowed him entry.
We stopped in front of what could only be described as a castle. Big stone walls, that seemed to be tall and daunting all on their own. I was intimidated and hadn’t even stepped foot inside. “You live here?” I stammered out looking at the foreboding structure in front of me.  Three sides of the castle were surrounded by water and the small sliver we had ridden here on seemed like it would be sucked up by the ocean.
“For the weekend you do too.” He said sliding out of the carriage after me. He took my luggage back from a guard who held it out to him. “Would you like a tour first or would you like to rest first.”
“I’d like the grand tour.” I said keeping his quick pace into the castle. This place is what I expected when I thought of royalty. It was a classic medieval castle.
“Reggie.” Sy called and a small, round man came out faster then I expected someone his size to move. “Take Lady Jayde’s luggage to her room. I’m going to give her a tour first.” Reggie nodded, keeping his head bowed as he took my bag. He cautioned a look at me and his eyes doubled in size. “Now, Reggie.” Sy said with a bit more authority and the ruddy man scampered off to wherever my room was. 
Sy shook his head in exasperation as he watched Reggie leave. “Good help is hard to find.” He walked to the left and waited for me to follow. He put his hand on my back and guided me through the first room. 
I listened as he told me as much as he could about every room. The castle was only two years old. The first one being destroyed in a bombing that injured his father and later killed him. Sy had built this castle to look exactly like the old one before. He included all the same furnishings like one last homage to his father. He didn’t say that, but it was clear when he relayed all the similarities to the two castles in each room. The castle was large and had many rooms that Sy deemed useless. He didn’t understand the importance of three sitting rooms and honestly I didn’t either. 
We finally made it to the second floor where my bedroom was and Sy had picked up his pace pulling me along. I bit back a smile he almost seemed excited to get here. “This my lady is your bedroom.” He said pushing open a massive white door and allowing me entry. I tried to blink away the shock. It was beautiful and looked nothing like the rest of the house. Where Kohl’s mansion had an elegant nautical theme that swept through the house even into my room, Sy’s castle was simply regal. My room was a surprise. 
“I had it made up for you.” He said with a mask hiding each and every emotion. I took in the soft sandy rug, the cool creams, blues, and greens that swept from the living room, into my bedroom. I walked into the bedroom. Beds appeared to come in one size in Encante: ridiculous. I ran a hand over the silk navy comforter that like the rest of the castle was the royal color of Encante. He followed me not saying a word as I took in my surroundings. 
“You did this all for me?” I asked confused. Sy had been the polar opposite of the man I had met in my room only a few days before. That cold, hard demeanor I recognized as his mask was all I was given today. No playful shift, after my snide comment he had shut down. He was holding back a lot today and I wasn’t sure why. He didn’t hold back our first meeting.
“Of course, Jayde. I was a royal ass when we first met. This is just one of many apologies. When we met I didn’t treat you like the queen you are and I’m deeply sorry for my arrogant displays. I was upset with the situation and I should never have taken it out on you.” I openly stared at Sy. Was he serious?

Sy
I was trying...really trying to make this right. I had one weekend and I couldn’t screw it up. She smiled and I tried not to get my hopes up. She had told me she didn’t want to be here and was only here under obligation. I had my work cut out for me. 
“This place is beautiful, Sy. I never expected this, any of this.” She said walking back into the living room. She had a body hugging dress that seemed to emphasize every curve she had. Her black hair fell down her back in ringlets that were almost too perfect. “I was worried that you would just lock me in a dungeon when I got here.” She said again too honest for my liking. Did she really think I was that awful of a person? I gave her everything she wanted and I was just a monster in her eyes, still. Sure, I may have forced her to kiss me, but I had made up for it in spades, giving into every one of her demands without argument.
“Am I really that awful?” I countered not even hiding the fact that her comment bothered me.
The smile dropped from her face, “I have heard a lot of bad things. I saw what you did to Antonio. It’s hard for me to forget that when I’ve met you twice. You may be nice at the moment Sy, but I’m aware there is more to you then what you say or do.” A hint of challenge shined in her dark green eyes.
“You of all people should be able to look past what everyone thinks and see that there is more to me.” I challenged right back. I had heard about her relationship with Antonio. I had heard about her life in Brazil. Although she was beautiful, smart, and kind. She had a reputation that left many not willing to even associate with her. 
She lowered her head as I saw tears develop. “You’re right. This weekend Sy I want complete honesty. I will forget everything that you have done to me, even while I was in Encante. I’m a girl and you’re a boy. Show me what no one else sees.” She looked at me not hiding the glossy look of her eyes. I didn’t mean to make her cry. I just wanted to be given a fair chance.
“Anything you want is yours.” I said taking her hand and kissing it. “All I wanted was a chance.” 
“How about those gardens?” She said with a small smile. 
“Whatever you want.” I replied and wrapped my arm around hers guiding her out of the castle. We walked around the gardens and finally ended at the beach. There were several chairs situated around the beach area because it was the best view in all of Encante-South and sometimes I needed a moment to just think. 
Jayde had asked me a million questions as we walked through the gardens. The apprehension she had when she arrived seemed to dissolve with the chance to ask me anything she wanted. I still wasn’t sure why I had agreed to such a request, but with Jayde I gave up questioning my actions. I would never understand what she did to me and I accepted that. Her questions ranged from menial to a little too personal for my taste. She has asked about the decor in her room. I was happy to tell her about Drea and her hard work. She asked about my mother, which was not a topic I visited often. She was one of the first casualties in the war. Her and my unborn brother. Once I told Jayde this, she openly cried. The war was a delicate subject for her. Her feelings about losing her parents must have made this difficult for her. I understood that and usually guarded all my feelings of my parents. No one knew what I felt. I had no one to confide in about all the good and bad that had happened since the war had started. 
“There has been so much death for everyone, especially us. We have all lost everyone we loved. I never knew my parents. You lost your parents, a little brother you never met. I want this to end.” I let her cry on my shoulder as she tried to sift through all the damage the war had caused. She was right. Ever since I signed her treaty, her words haunted me. What was I even fighting for? I had lost everyone. What would winning the war solve? I’d still be alone. I had spent the last three years thinking if I just ended William and Kohl’s reign I’d avenge my father, but it didn’t feel like the truth anymore. 


Chapter 25: Metamorphosis 
Jayde
I didn’t even understand where this Sy had been hiding my first meeting with him. The man in front of me, with the sad grey eyes and the hard mask that seemed to protect him from all the ugly of the world. I wanted to know him better. The arrogant ass could stay tucked away forever. 
 We had a great dinner in a restaurant in the middle of Encante-South. It was elegant and Sy even let me dress up for the evening even when he insisted what I was wearing was suitable. Thankfully, I changed and blended in with the crowd at the restaurant. Of course everyone still stared we were a king and a queen. I would never be used to people openly staring at me.
I had been jumping through a lot of topics with Sy and after crying in the gardens I had avoided all talk of the war. Questions were starting to weigh heavily on me about it, though. I had expected the losses when Sy told me about his family, but seeing pain etched on his usually expressionless face broke me. His family had been important to him, too. There loss had damaged him in ways I was only starting to understand. 
Still, questions about the treaty still nagged in my subconscious. Kohl would be disappointed I was wasting this opportunity. It’s funny to think that I expected this weekend to be difficult and almost unbearable without Kohl, and this was the first time I even thought of him. I loved him and missed him, but all the surprises from Sy had lessened my apprehension. This new Sy was a welcome addition, I was only hoping that I was greeted by the same Sy tomorrow. 
“Have you thought about a swim?” Sy asked when we returned from dinner. 
“Will you answer a few more questions for me?” I said sitting down where we had earlier when we talked about his family.
“What would you like to know?”
“Are you going to break the treaty?” I watched his face waiting for something to give away his intentions, but it remained blank. 
“I’ve thought about it a lot lately.”
“And?” I pressured when he didn’t continue. He sat beside me looking out at the water. It was close enough to touch and it was making the urge to swim unbearable.
“And I want this to work. I think the treaty is like our relationship, Jayde. The longer it is in place the longer you’re willing to give me a chance.”
“I would still be here I gave you my word.” I tried knowing it was a lie if he had broken the treaty I probably would have refused to come blaming him the entire time. He graced me with a scathing look that said he knew I was lying. 
“You are only here because of the treaty. You are already in love with Kohl.” I tried to blink away my shock. “I’m not stupid, Jayde. You are only here to keep up appearances you made your choice.”
“What makes you think that?” Again his grey eyes narrowed telling me I knew the answer to that.
“Our first meeting. He came in and you changed. You even let him into your bedroom.” I hadn’t thought about it when I motioned him into the room, but from Sy’s perspective I could see what he saw.
“So was tonight just some ploy to make me feel bad?” I snapped back angrily.
He shook his head, “I just wanted you to know me before you picked Kohl.”
“Are you giving up?” His eyes narrowed. 
“I never said I was giving up. Until you announce you are marrying Kohl, I will be here trying to make you reconsider. I want Encante. I know what it needs and I can give that to the people. War makes us do things we don’t want to, but I’m the one that will rule Encante properly.”
Sy was making this harder then I thought it would be. My head was starting to war with my heart as I weighed my options. It seemed so unfair that Sy and Kohl insisted I choose. I didn’t want to choose especially after meeting this side of Sy. He would make a great ruler too, if there was someone there to keep him on track. Absolute power was not something Sy could handle but if he had someone at his side. He would be just as good as Kohl maybe better.
“I believe every word you’ve said to me tonight, Sy. I hope you aren’t lying or trying to deceive me because ....” I stopped I wasn’t even sure where I was going. I just didn’t want to be duped by him again. “Don’t lie to me.”
“You have my word.” His face was deathly serious, his dark grey eyes placed solely on me. I wanted to push for more on the treaty, but he had given me a lot today. I had tomorrow to ask more questions.
“Swim?” A small smile lit up his face as he agreed. 

Kohl
“Your majesty, I haven’t heard a word about Jayde since she left.” Philip replied with the same response he’d given me since Jayde entered Encante-South.
I felt like I was losing my mind. She was in Sy’s claws, most likely being brainwashed. 
“I did come in here with news.” Philip persisted even though I wasn’t in the mood for anything, but news from Jayde. I knew she would still pick me after this weekend, but doubt still continued to rear it’s ugly head. “The prisoner in the hospital is awake.”
I fought the groan that wanted to escape. Like things couldn’t get any worse. 
“I told Jayde, she would deliver his sentence. Is he moving?”
“No, he’s still recovering and will probably be hospitalized for a few more months.”
“Months?” I asked not remembering Philip or anyone for that matter mentioning it would take months to recover. 
“He’s half human. The healing process is delayed.” Although Encantado weren’t known for rapid healing it was a skill we held. Full Encantado would heal from a broken bone in two weeks. Bruises, cuts, and minor injuries usually took a day to three to fully recover. This was not the type of news I needed.
“Would you like to wait until Lady Jayde returns?”
“Yes, but I do want to see him. Sy is up to something and I think Antonio is the key to whatever it is.” Philip nodded and picked up my desk phone to make arrangements for me to leave. 
Twenty minutes later, I was making my way through the hospital. Antonio’s bedroom was at the end of the hall. It was meant to keep him away from the other patients. The guard at his door nodded and opened the door for me. I’d seen him before he wasn’t much older than me and had been serving for about as long as I’d been king. He was hardworking and took his job seriously. 
“Antonio.” I said in greeting as I entered his room. The guard closed the door and stood in front of it inside the room to make sure nothing happened. Another guard the one that was already in the room moved until he stood between me and Antonio.
“Your majesty.” Antonio countered his head bowed. He was full of it. His head lifted and I could see the contempt in his eyes. 
“Why did Sy send you here?” I asked cutting through the pleasantries. I didn’t want to be here longer then I needed to. 
“Where is my queen?” He asked instead. His eyes seemed to show the double meaning behind his words. I was starting to regret my decision to exile him. He was an ass. Sy may have been right on how he had dealt with him. 
“She is indisposed at the moment. You have my attention so stop wasting it.” He smiled at my irritation. I was really starting to hate this guy. I hadn’t trusted him since I first met him and he pulled Jayde away making a scene of something that didn’t need to be. He had a problem with being rejected. 
“Sy sent me here as a gift to the queen. My message is I surrender for you, my lady.” I looked at him and the smug look on his face. He was loving every moment of my discomfort. What does that even mean? Was Sy in love with Jayde, too?
“Before you and Sy got in the way. I had her.” He growled. “She was mine, Jayde was never meant to be anyone’s but mine. I would have taken care of her even after she turned and we would have been happy.” He was shouting. The guard stepped completely in front of me nearly blocking my view of Antonio. I moved trying to see the man before me and was pushed out of the way. The guard at the door was on Antonio before I even knew what happened. Screaming and wrestling distracted me from what the guard, who pushed me, was looking at behind me. A hand carved knife stuck out of the wall. Where I had been standing until the guard shoved me. He stopped looking at the knife and quickly assisted the other guard in handcuffing all of Antonio’s limbs. 
I still dumbly stared at the knife protruding out of the wall. Was that the real message from Sy? Kill Kohl. Or was that simply Antonio? By his words I wasn’t sure, but I needed to find out fast. I left the guards with a quick nod and word of thanks. I didn’t acknowledge the look of murder in Antonio’s eyes.  His stay, however, was about to get a lot harder. I didn’t care if Jayde agreed on not. He would pay for his crimes. 
I picked up my phone warring with the idea of calling and informing Jayde. 


Chapter 26: Distraction
Sy
She looked like a vengeful angel when she stormed into my room at seven in the morning. I hadn’t even gotten out of bed and was startled to hear my door fly open and Jayde walk in. In a word, she looked murderous. 
“You attempted to assassinate Kohl while I was here.” She snapped. I bolted upright in bed. What the hell was she talking about?
“Jayde, what’s going on?” I said sitting up in my bed. She stomped towards me, her eyes were red and her smooth complexion was blemished with anger spots. She fell onto my bed and slapped me. This was getting old. Twice she had struck me. This was not a pattern I wanted to continue. I was doing well keeping my anger in check. She was making it impossible at the moment. “Jayde, calm down and explain to me what is going on?” I said lacing my words with magic. 
Her shoulders sagged and she collapsed beside me and began to cry...no sob. She wrapped her arms around herself and cried for several minutes before she spoke again.
“I made a terrible mistake.” She sobbed. I ran a hand down her arm and attempted to get her to look at me, but she refused. “I either made the awful mistake of trusting anything you said or I made the terrible mistake of being lenient on Antonio. I almost cost Kohl his life.” Someone had tried to kill Kohl? That is all I had gotten out of her. 
“How is it your fault? I don’t get it. You’re not making much sense, Jayde.” She turned around and sat up her face only inches from mine.
I remembered the first time I had gotten this close to her and she had pushed me away. I wasn’t ready to be rejected again. “Did you send Antonio to kill Kohl?” I stared at her utterly stunned by her accusation. Did she really think after all the changes I made for her I would resort to murder to win this war? I still wanted a challenge what did she take me for?
I glared at her as she glared right back at me. “Tell me.” She insisted. 
“I did not send Antonio to kill Kohl. I sent him as I promised you I would.”
“The beating he took really showed how much you cared about keeping your word.” She snidely replied. 
“That is what happens when you are in prison for treason. I sent him there without harming one extra hair on his head, because that ass was my gift to you. If you wanted spiteful I could have sent you a body, but I kept my word to you.” I countered feeling my blood pressure rise at her cold accusations.  “I even forced him to remember a message for me. He was to give it to you when he first saw you.”
Her green eyes didn’t lose their edge as she waited for me to continue. “He was supposed to tell you I surrender for you. The end to the war you wanted. I was giving it to you.” I didn’t mean for the acidity to seep into my tone, but there it was. I had tried to be selfless and postpone the war before we pressured Jayde to decide if she wanted to marry either of us and it blew up in my face. 
Her face softened for an instant. “Antonio tried to kill Kohl. I should have left him rotting away wherever you had him.” She was still visibly angry, but seemed to have redirected her anger from me. 
“Do you believe me?” I asked still wondering where her thoughts were.
“Kohl told me that Antonio had relayed a message for me. That was it. I believe you.” I stared at her not sure if I should be furious that she was testing me or relieved that she believed me. I settled in the middle. 
“Glad I could be trusted.” I replied letting the venom sink into each word. Her eyes widened as she realized what she had done. 
“You wanted to end the war?” She asked instead.
“I just didn’t want you to have to choose so quickly. I thought if I told you I’d keep the treaty for as long as you needed to decide I would, even if it meant years.” Again her sweet face seemed to soften. The hard edges of anger melted away and she looked out the window to the far side of my room. 
“Antonio attempted to kill Kohl, claiming it was because he loved me. I want to believe you, Sy, please don’t let me be wrong twice.” She said her face pleading with me to be honest. 
I sat up again getting within inches of her face. It was a slow torture having her in my bed and not even touching her. She was meant to drive me insane. I was sure of it. “I would never do anything like that Jayde. If I wanted Kohl dead, I had two years to do it. I haven’t. As much as Kohl wants to make me the bad guy, I have never hurt him. I have followed the treaty just as meticulously as he has. I promised to be honest with you and I have not lied. It is your turn to trust me.” I challenged. I had told her I would be honest. What more did she want from me? Even though it was literally killing me to spill so many dark secrets to her. I had because she wanted to get to know me. I had fought this war and I wanted to win. If it meant opening up to the girl I planned to marry then so be it. 
“Do you care at all about me?” She asked looking up at me with those big emerald eyes, framed in long, dark lashes. She was making it so damn hard not to touch her.
“If I didn’t care about you why would I even agree to a treaty.” She nodded mauling over my words. 
“I trust you, Sy. I’m not sure why, but something tells me I can.” Her eyes watched me closely like a human lie detector. “You have either changed since the last time I met you or were you hiding during our first meeting? Don’t change again. I like this Sy better. I’m sorry about bursting in here.” She said looking around for the first time and realizing she was in my bed. She slid off the edge of the bed and stood. “Forgive me for any intrusion.” She said with a weak smile and left. 
I sat in bed processing everything that had happened. One thing was for sure, Antonio’s days were numbered if he thought that Kohl was letting him get away with almost killing him. That execution I had stopped for Jayde was imminent no one could beat the idiot out of Antonio. He would always be the arrogant ass I knew he was when I met him. 
I fell into bed hoping to get a little more sleep before the day began. My thoughts refused to go anywhere but to Jayde. I had never felt like this before. No one had ever consumed my thoughts more then myself. No one had ever openly challenged me the way she did. She saw right through my games and hit me where it hurt. Even when she was casually asking questions she was chipping away at my armor.
I had never told anyone about my mother and brother. Even Reggie didn’t know how they passed. A rogue bombing that no one could quite pinpoint, but was later found to be the work of the Uprising. My father blamed it on Kohl’s father but he had never admitted to it. We had been in a short period of peace that had been disrupted by this bombing. That bombing was the reason no treaty ever worked again. My father never trusted anyone after my mother’s death. He wanted them to pay. Within months, Kohl’s parents and Jayde’s parents were gone thanks to my father. He had lost all his mercy with her death. I took a deep breath. I wasn’t him. I could let go of my anger and move on. I needed to if I ever wanted to have a chance with Jayde. If I ever wanted a chance to be happy and not as miserable and angry as my father.
My anger seemed to dissolve the more I processed what I had been doing. Why had I never thought about it before? Why had I never stopped and realized I had no reason to fight. My dad had made his point. He killed everyone for my mother. Was more death really the answer? I had allowed thousands of soldiers to get killed because I was selfish, just like my father. 
I had never thought of myself as selfish until I had met Jayde. She called me selfish and the words stuck. She called me cold and I believed her. She called me things people were too afraid to admit to me. How I could ever be good enough for her after all the terrible things I had done, it seemed daunting but I wanted it. Something about that girl made me want to fight something bigger than the war in Encante. 
I made my way out of bed and prepared for the day my thoughts echoing that I only had two more days to make Jayde realize I was the one she wanted. 
I sauntered into the breakfast room to see Jayde already there. She had gotten ready and was making light conversation with the servants. I didn’t do it, but I had also been raised to be a king. Some habits didn’t go away just because I found out my heart wasn’t the black hole I assumed it was. 
“Good morning, Sy.” Jayde said with a bright smile. “I hope you are planning to top yesterday because you might have spoiled me.” She was teasing but I still stared at her suddenly worried that what I had planned wasn’t good enough. 
Insecurity it was not an emotion I wanted to experience ever again.


Chapter 27: Then I met Sy
Jayde
Sy had really made an effort this weekend. I had been forcing myself to not think about Kohl even though I was worried sick about him. He had almost been killed and I was in Encante-South unable to do a thing. 
Thankfully, Sy’s plans had kept me preoccupied. We spent Saturday walking through Encante-South. He showed me everything. Even things I wouldn’t normally care about through Sy’s eyes were interesting. He had a back story for every stop and it was entertaining to hear him talk without a facade of propriety.
 I still had some reluctance to whether he was involved in Antonio’s attempt, but he had been so genuine these last two days. I finally started to believe him. 
We had dinner at another ritzy restaurant and ended the night with another swim. Sy was happy to switch forms, but never pressured me. It wasn’t something I wanted to do without Kohl. I felt safe with Kohl, with Sy I was still trying. We swam in human form trading stories about our childhood. I learned a lot about Sy. 
His childhood had been hard. Although he was the only one to be raised by a parent, his father had been cold and cynical. It made me look at Sy differently to hear about the harsh punishments his father placed on him and the strict upbringing that led him to do what he had done so far. I forced myself not to cry as I looked over the nasty scars on Sy’s back. His father had been a monster and I was hoping Sy didn’t end up following in his footsteps. I was starting to understand why Sy’s thoughts hadn’t traveled past his own castle. Revenge tended to blind a person to anything other then accomplishing their goal. Sy had realized his error. At least, I hoped he had. I still wasn’t sure what would happen once I returned to Encante-North. 
“I have one for you.” Sy said swimming closer to me. It was hard to deny that he was gorgeous under the moon light. I had a hard time keeping my lust and the old Jayde at bay, but I did because I could never doubt I was completely in love with Kohl.
“Okay.” I conceded. 
“Will you forget this when you go back to Encante-North tomorrow?” His gray eyes were hard to read under the moonlight. 
“Forget what? You? Encante-South.” 
“This.” He said swimming closer. There was barely any space between us. I was sure he was going to kiss me. I tensed not sure what I even wanted anymore. I loved Kohl, but the Sy I met this weekend had me questioning if I had given Sy a fair chance. Would I have fallen in love with him if he found me first? He didn’t move he just treaded water staying close to me. 
“What are you waiting for?” I asked not even recognizing the hoarse whisper that was my voice. 
“I told you the next time we kissed you’d be the one that wanted it.” A devilish smile lit up his beautiful face. I splashed water into his face and took off swimming to the shore. He was catching up to me even though I pushed myself to swim faster. He grabbed my foot and pulled me back to him. 
“How will you ever know if you picked the right king if we don’t kiss?” He challenged voicing my exact thoughts. I loved Kohl, but was I blinded by that? What if Sy really was the better man? Did I need a kiss to tell me that? The last two days in Encante-South had stolen all of my confidence. I was so sure I was going to continue to hate Sy and his arrogant ways. Yet, I was barely an inch from him, wanting to kiss him. Did he have this planned all along? “Well?” He asked a dark eyebrow raised waiting for my answer. 
I took a deep breath hoping I didn’t regret this. I closed the distance between us. This time he didn’t press. He wasn’t cold and commanding like he had been the first time. His arms wrapped around me pulling me closer to him. His mouth opened and he let me lead the way.I deepened the kiss and felt Sy pull me closer until my body was completely against his. I pulled back and looked at him. My chest tightened. I closed my eyes willing myself not to cry. I had betrayed Kohl, not with a kiss. I had wanted Sy. That kiss had been magical. I had felt something I never thought I’d feel for anyone, but Kohl. What had I done?
Sy’s hands dropped from my waist as he saw the horror on my face. “You know I’ve been told I’m quite the kisser.” He said with a smirk that was supposed to lighten the mood. 
“I think I should go to bed.” I said starting back to the shore again. 
“Jayde. Wait.” Sy said chasing after me.
I didn’t wait I swam harder. The game was over. I didn’t want to play anymore. I had done something I was sure to regret. When had I developed feelings for Sy other then loathing?
I almost made it into the castle before Sy caught up with me. He grabbed my wrist. “What has gotten into you?” I turned to him letting my anger show.
“Was this your plan?” I snapped shoving him. “How could I ever think you had changed? You only wanted to prove that I was easily swayed. I love Kohl. I love him no amount of kindness, and...and kisses is going to change that.” 
Sy stared at me stunned. “Sounds to me like you aren’t as sure as you thought you were.” Sy replied back darkly. I swallowed the overwhelming feelings of nausea I was having at my betrayal.
“Why couldn’t you leave me be? Why did you have to act differently? I don’t need anymore confusion. I have a kingdom to learn to run.” The tears ran down my face without my permission. 
I fought Sy as he tried to pull me into a hug. I gave up as he pushed away all my worries. “You will run the kingdom wonderfully. I have no doubts in your abilities. Only someone that is truly meant to rule could acclimate to all the changes you’ve endured in such a short time.” I wrapped my arms around him and cried. He kissed the crown of my head and just whispered sweet things about how much he believed in me until I stopped. Where had that come from?
“Why? Where has this change come from?”
He looked at me with hooded eyes. “I guess I should just lay all my cards on the table. You are leaving tomorrow.” He took a deep breath and his eyes locked with mine. “Since I met you and you dismissed me I haven’t been able to stop thinking about you. The disdain you felt for me.” He shook his head like he was trying to ward off bad thoughts. “It made me reevaluate what I believed. I changed because of you. You held up a mirror and showed me all the miserable things I had done. I know I don’t deserve you in any way, but you’re all I want, Jayde. I only want you to see me and be proud of me, maybe even love me.” He looked away not wanting to show me the hurt he was feeling. 
I kissed him again despite the foolishness of it. Somewhere along the way my feelings for Sy had shifted and I cared for him in a way I didn’t understand yet. He pulled away first searching my face for some answer I’m sure I didn’t have.
“I didn’t do it for you to feel sorry for me. I understand I lost.” 
I glared at him waiting for him to just shut up. “I would never, ever kiss you because I feel sorry for you.” His eyes widened. 
“Do you...?” 
“I don’t know what I feel for you, but I like you, Sy. I think this side of you should stay around not only because of me, but because Encante would embrace this side of you.” I pressured hoping that he won’t forget the great guy he buries away if I don’t choose him. He deserved to be happy too. 
“I guess I should let you go to bed.” He said deflated. He walked past me and held the door open for me to come in from the cool night.
I walked in and went to my bedroom. The gorgeous bedroom that Sy had decorated for me.  All signs of exhaustion had left with my increased anxiety over the hell that was going to happen when I went back to Encante-North. 
I sat here convincing myself that nothing had changed. I still loved Kohl. He was everything I wanted and needed. No amount of time with Sy was ever going to change the way Kohl made me feel. Yet, even as I thought the decision was made. My thoughts shifted. Sy didn’t deserve to lose everything. I cared about him and having to see him through the fallout of this treaty was making me reconsider again. Nothing was coming to me. I could never in good conscious make the decision to take everything Kohl or Sy had known away from them. 
Tears blurred my vision as I sat in bed unable to sleep with the torment of this decision. I had promised Kohl I would announce my choice at the coronation and the upcoming week was starting to look daunting. I wasn’t confident I could make a selection in the next week or ever for that matter. 
I heaved a sigh of exasperation. Whatever I decided I was hurting a man I cared for and that was the hardest thing to process of all.


Chapter 28: Welcome Back
Jayde
This was my last day in Encante-South. Sy had been quiet throughout breakfast and the long walk we had taken through the garden didn’t help matters. He barely said two words to me and I was worried. 
“Do you hate me?” I asked as we had made our way into the middle of the maze of the gardens without a word being spoken.
“You know that isn’t true.” He said continuing forward adding nothing else to the awkward silence.
“What are you thinking about then?” I countered.
“You’re leaving today. Did I do enough to make you not hate me?”
I smiled, if he only knew. “Of course I don’t hate you. Do you remember that I kissed you last night?” I teased. That made him smile. 
“It doesn’t mean anything when you’re returning to Kohl.” His grey eyes said it all. Defeat. 
“Will you still agree to keep the treaty in place for as long as I need to make a decision?” I asked wanting to know how he felt about a delay. 
“As long as you need.”
“Thank you.” I said taking his hand and continuing through the gardens. 
We walked, eventually ending up in my sitting room, and talked about all the plans I had made for the coronation. Sy had veered towards safe topics, treading lightly on anything that might lead to what happened last night. I was starting to get the feeling that he regretted telling me how he felt. 
He asked about the menu and guests and I happily handed him his invitation.
“There’s only one condition that comes with this invitation.” His face remained blank as he waited for me to continue. The mask that I associated with Sy was slowly falling back into place and it was breaking my heart. 
“Be my escort.” Sy actually laughed. “I’m serious,” I replied defensively. 
“Why wouldn’t you ask Kohl?” He replied walking through my living room and stopping once he was looking out the massive french doors that led to a small balcony overlooking the water that surrounded Sy’s castle and avoiding me. 
“I want to go with you. You don’t know anyone in Encante-North and neither do I. If I go with you, we can meet everyone together.” I hated that he wasn’t facing me and I couldn’t see the smug look on his face. 
“Okay, but only if I can take you back to Encante-North today.”
“Everything is always a compromise with you.” I joked. 

Kohl
Jayde was going to be here any minute. I was dying to see her. After all the mess that had happened with Antonio. I had a lot to explain to her. He was gone I had sent him packing injured or not. He wasn’t too injured to try and kill me. He wasn’t too injured to get the hell out of Encante. Unfortunately, my guilt was gnawing at me since I made the rash decision. Jayde would hate me for breaking my promise to her.
Philip walked into my quarters and he wasn’t happy. “Lady Jayde is here with King Sy.” He said as politely as he could trying to hide the hostility. 
I followed Philip out of my apartment and down the stairs to the front hall. 
When I made my way down the stairs I heard her beautiful laugh as she held a conversation with Sy. This was not the Jayde that had left here on Friday. Was I right? Had he really brainwashed Jayde? 
“Lady Jayde.” I said making my presence known. She smiled and ran to me wrapping her arms around me. 
“I missed you.” She said loud enough that I’m sure Sy had heard. 
“Jayde.” I admonished weakly. I didn’t really care how uncomfortable Sy was Jayde was in my arms. 
“Sy knows about us.” I pulled away looking dumbfounded. What the hell happened this weekend? 
She let go of me and walked back to Sy taking his hand and pulling him forward. I forced myself to remain calm even though my blood pressure was on the verge of boiling. She was holding Sy’s hand?
“What’s going on?” I ground out trying to make my voice sound less threatening and more normal and failing miserably. The smile Jayde had been wearing since before I arrived vanished. 
“I wanted to tell you about another deal Sy and I came up with.” She replied visibly hurt by my short temper. Damn, I was an ass. 
“It seems like every time the two of you are together you just have to come up with something.” I knew I was letting my jealousy show, but I couldn’t help it. What had happened to the Jayde I knew? The one that abhorred him just as much as me. 
“Do you want to hear what we have or are you going to be a jealous ass.” Jayde snapped calling me out on my childish behavior. 
Sy coughed covering up his laughter. Bastard. 
“Go on.” I replied not wanting to tell her how correct she might be. 
“The war is over.”
“Yeah, right.” I laughed and waited for the punchline. They were both staring at me completely serious.
“And what did you have to do this time to get Sy to agree to this.”
“Follow the treaty.” She responded openly glaring at me. “I asked Sy to come in with me to prove that he had nothing to do with Antonio attacking you. Now, I’m not so sure you deserved all the kind things I’ve said about you all weekend.” She looked at Sy who nodded and she continued. “Since you are being a jerk, this makes what I’m going to say next easy. Sy is escorting me to my coronation and he is staying for dinner tonight.” Her green eyes were hard as she waited for me to fly off the handle. 
I didn’t. I reined in my temper and nodded. “Whatever you would like Jayde. I hope you and Sy are planning to better explain your deal at dinner.
“I can explain it now if you want.” Sy said finally inputting his opinion.
“I think we shouldn’t be trying to pressure Jayde into making a choice so quickly. I want to give her a chance to get to know both of us equally without the threat of war looming over her head. She has enough on her plate.” 
I stared at him incredulously. This sounded nothing like the Sy I had been dealing with. Jayde just smiled and let Sy continue. 
I wasn’t sure if I was going to handle an entire dinner with the two of them both acting so strange. My patience was wavering. 
“Do you want to have tea or coffee in my room, Sy?” Jayde said walking toward the staircase. Sy looked at me waiting for me to say Jayde had lost her mind. 
“Can I have a word with Sy, before he goes to your room?” I said to Jayde. She nodded and grabbed her luggage from him. 
“What do you want to talk about?” He said with a condescending smile. That was the Sy I knew.
“What are you up to?” The smile dropped from his face. 
“Nothing, Jayde needed some time to think about what she wants to do and I’m giving it to her. We can agree amicably or you can end the treaty, Kohl.”
“What have you done to her?” He laughed like it was all some big joke. It wasn’t. If he had even attempted to spell Jayde I was going to kill him myself. 
“I didn’t do anything. I was honest with Jayde. We got to know each other better then with your watchful eye on us. Jayde might need more time for her choice. She was very open about her feelings for you.” He said seriously. “She thinks she loves you, but I think she might doubt that a little now.” I glared at him willing myself not to throw a punch. That was childish behavior, he was just pushing my buttons. 
“I think I’ll be up front with you. King to King. Man to man. She kissed me.” That had done it. I saw red. I was blinded by anger. I swung at him, but he avoided me. “I’ll leave you with that, Kohl.” He said racing up the stairs. 
I tried to regain my composure, I was failing. I was going to kill that man. 
I raced up the stairs to Jayde’s room. He was getting the hell out of my house. I pushed open the door to see Jayde and Sy talking back and forth about what just happened. Was he kidding me? No one was that honest. Sy didn’t have an honest bone in his conniving body.
“Get out.” I snarled.
“Wait a minute, Kohl. Sy didn’t do anything wrong. You should be apologizing for attacking him.” She replied back to me. I choked back the nasty words that I wanted to say. 
“You kissed that bastard.” Her eyes widened and the anger she had quickly faded into embarrassment. God, it was true. 
She slapped Sy’s arm. “You jerk, I told you I would tell him.” She slapped him again and he stood away from her relentless attacks. 
“Tell me what is going on, Jayde.” I said exasperated. 
“Okay.” She replied weakly.


Chapter 29: Blurred Lines
Jayde 
I had told Kohl everything he wanted to know and he still wasn’t happy. I don’t think he’d ever look at me the same. He had been so hurt he just walked away. He never came to dinner and I didn’t see him on my evening swim. Sy apologized, but it wasn’t as heartfelt as his previous apologies. He was happy Kohl knew. He wanted Kohl to think there might actually be competition for my heart when there wasn’t. Sure, my feelings for Sy had shifted but it paled in comparison to my love for Kohl. Kohl was it for me and he needed to get that through his thick skull. 
The next morning I went to breakfast hoping to catch him. He never showed. I paced around my room for a few hours as Isa went over plans she made in my absence. I had a fitting later today and then I was free. 
“Isadora, can I take a break for a bit.” I asked after she went over the menu with a fine tooth comb for the millionth time. The woman was meticulous I had to give her credit for that. 
“As you wish, my queen.” I left and went to Kohl’s quarters if he was avoiding me he had to be somewhere and this is the place I thought he would be. I knocked on the door and waited for an answer. 
“I need a day, Philip.” Kohl shouted back. I opened the door. Kohl was in his silk bottoms and shirtless pacing his sitting room. 
“Jayde, I...”
“You’re avoiding me.” I finished for him.
“I have a lot on my mind.”
“Like?” I asked waiting to hear this completely absurd excuse. 
He sighed, “Why did you have to kiss him. Wasn’t I enough?” I stared at him, disbelieving.
“You are more than enough. I love you.” I reiterated. “I was acting like the queen you insist I should be, but when it conflicts with how you see me it’s a problem.”
“I don’t want to share you with Sy, of all people.”
“But you are okay sharing me with an entire country?” I snapped back. 
“It’s different.”
“It’s only different because it’s Sy. Stop blaming the war on him and give him a second chance, Kohl. I gave you a second chance. He deserved a second chance too and I gave it to him. Now, it’s your turn to act like the man I love and forgive.”
His face drained of emotion as he processed what I had just said. “I think I’m going to have to admit that your wisdom might have surpassed mine.” He replied sinking into an armchair. “You’re right.” He stood and began to pace again like he couldn’t sit still for that long.
“I am?” I repeated. He was agreeing with me? I thought he would put up more fight than that. 
“Yes.” He said coming toward me and wrapping his naked arms around me. 
“I wanted to tell you something else too. It’s why I asked Sy to not break the treaty.”
“Go on.” He said pulling away but only to look at me.  
“I don’t want to go through with it.” I waited for Kohl’s angry reaction, but it didn’t come. He stared at me with no emotion on his face. 
“Why not? You love me. We’ll live happily ever after.”
“And Sy loses everything he’s ever known.”
“That was the deal.” He said without a drop of sympathy. 
“We are better than that. We are better than our parents. This tri-ruling family doesn’t have to end with them. The three of us can make it work.” 
“It sounds nice in theory, Jayde, but I don’t think it’s practical.”
“It is practical, you are only denying it because you assume you will win with the original treaty.” He opened his mouth to speak, but closed it quickly. His dark eyes narrowed at me and his arms fell from my waist. 
“I won’t be able to rule beside Sy. I want to marry you whether or not this treaty existed. That would make two ruling families.” He challenged. That was where I had gotten stuck too. What do we do leave it like that? Kohl and I could have two children and they could both rule, but Sy would definitely have something to say about that arrangement. None of it would be nice either. 
“I haven’t come up with a solution to that. I just wanted to prepare you.” Kohl started to move away and begin pacing the room again. 
“Prepare me? You really think that Sy would agree to that?” He asked incredulously. 
“I don’t see why not. You keep your title. Sy keeps his title. The war is still over. We are all happy.” 
“I will never be happy with Sy around.” He said beginning to pace.
“Fine, I’ll let you think about it. What else is bothering you?” He stopped pacing. That had gotten his attention. Kohl had already been agitated before he even saw me and Sy had pushed him over the metaphorical edge. I never expected their relationship to change over night. I knew they needed to butt heads a few times before anything was solved. I just wasn’t expecting either of them to be so adamant about their disdain toward the other. I felt like I was missing something, but those two were more stubborn than brick walls. I was never going to figure out what that was.
“I... I’m sorry, Jayde. I exiled Antonio already.” 
“And?” I said noncommittally. I think I had been with Sy too long. I had expected Kohl to put that idiot back on death row.
“You aren’t upset?”
“Upset? He tried to kill you. I’m upset that you didn’t kill the bastard.” Kohl came back to me, pulling me to his firm chest. 
“I was so worried to tell you about it. I thought you’d never forgive me.”
My voice was muffled against him, “I don’t know why you continue to doubt that you are more important than anyone else I have ever met. Kohl, I love you. I care about Sy, but my love for you is consuming.”
He stiffened, we were back where we had started. Sy and that kiss. “You wouldn’t have kissed him if that was true.”
“I have never lied to you. I care about him, I don’t really understand my feelings for Sy, but I understand my feelings for you and they are stronger. I swear.” I said as I looked into the dark depths of his eyes. “You are it for me, Kohl.”
His eyes didn’t show trust. “I will believe it when we are married and you are officially mine.” I smiled at his response.
“Well I look forward to that too, love.” He kissed me and eventually we got carried away. Kohl lifted me up and took me to his bed. A place I hadn’t even seen yet, let alone been in. Kohl laid me on the perfectly made bed. A dark blue comforter covered his oversized bed. He collapsed on me barely breaking our kiss. His hands moved sliding my dress higher and higher until it was at my waist. 
His kisses were fevered like he needed a reminder as to what I felt like, what I tasted like. His mouth never parted from mine for more than a moment as his hands began to tug at the zipper on the side of my dress. My hands traveled down his naked back. I loved the way his muscles tensed wherever I touched him. 
“I missed you all weekend.” He said against my lips. A breathy “Me too” escaped my mouth. 
A knock sounded on the door. We froze. Oh, I hoped Philip didn’t just walk in. I would die of mortification.
“Philip, I really need a day to myself. I’ll talk to you later.” Kohl shouted, not even moving from  on top of me. I stifled a laugh and Kohl was on me again. God, I missed his touch. I missed his kisses. My skin was on fire where he kissed me and I just wanted more. I pulled him even closer to me. 
Another knock came to the door this time it was followed by a female voice. “I’m sorry your majesty I was looking for Lady Jayde. Samara and Cara are here for her fitting.” Isa said through the door. 
“Shit.” I squeaked. Kohl groaned and rolled over onto his back. I fell on top of him leaving him with one last, long and dreamy kiss. 
“If you keep kissing me like that. I won’t care who’s here for you.” I pulled my dress down to its appropriate position. 
“Well that means you might have to find me later. I guess you will be leaving your room sooner than you planned.” He pulled me back to him. 
“Swim with me tonight.”
“Same time?” I asked as another knock sounded on the door. “Just a moment, Isa.” I shouted, hoping she’d go back to my room and give me a few more blissful moments with Kohl.


Chapter 30: It Fits
Jayde
“Hold still, Lady Jayde.” Cara admonished as she tightened the bodice of my dress. Hell, I could barely breathe and Cara was still tugging on the strings. 
I gasped, “I think...” Took another breath, “it’s tight enough.” Cara stopped pulling and made a bow.
“You look beautiful.” Cara said with a bright smile. She pushed some hair over my shoulder. Her and Isadora had done my hair and makeup. I felt like a movie star. “Are you ready to look in the mirror? Isadora asked coming back into the room in a pale blue ball gown. I was going to cry this was the day. I was going to be a queen. I turned to look in the full length mirror Isadora had set up so I could see how I looked. 
I turned and took a deep, shaky breath. Wow, that was me in the mirror. Samara had worked hard making this dress even better than the picture. Her daughter, Cara had done my hair and make-up and helped with what her mother couldn’t do anymore. Samara was much older than she looked and due to the seamstress business she had developed arthritis in her knees. Thankfully, her fingers were still as nimble as when she started.
“I’m not ready for this.” I said starting to freak out. How could I possibly be a queen? I hadn’t even decided what I was doing about the treaty. I had firmly blocked it from my thoughts. Focusing on spending time with Kohl and all the last minute plans for the ball. 
“You are going to be amazing.” Cara replied with a warm smile. Her messy blond bun  reminded me that she needed to go home and change if she was going to make it in time for the ball. 
“Thank you, Cara. Now you need to get yourself gorgeous.”
She rolled her eyes. “Yes, Lady Jayde.” She said with a bright smile. She took one more look at her hard work and left. 
Isadora’s eyes were red like she had been crying. “I can’t believe this is finally happening. I work for a queen.” She said incredulously. 
I laughed, “Don’t cry you will ruin your make-up and mine.” Isa hugged me. For the first time since I had met her she was treating me like her friend and not her boss. I embraced her. 
A knock sounded on my door and I nervously waited for Isadora to open it. Kohl stepped in looking like a regal fantasy. He had his dark locks brushed out of his face and smoothed away from his forehead and his crown sat perfectly in place. The navy military jacket and black pants didn’t hurt matters either.
“I forgot to give you the last accessory to make your look perfect. He slowly appraised every inch of me even though Isadora was right there. He pulled a large tiara from behind his back. A boyish grin lit up his face as he stepped forward. “Can I?” He asked as he was only a few inches from me. I nodded not trusting my voice at the moment. He placed the crown on my head. “Perfect.” He said the smile never leaving his face. He leaned forward and whispered in my ear. 
“I love you, whether you make the announcement or not.” He stepped back looking at me one more time. 
“I will see you at the coronation.” He kissed my hand and left. I turned back around to see what I looked like with a crown. It was larger than the last one, but it still wasn’t the final tiara I would wear. Isadora was fighting back tears again. 
“I know this isn’t my place, but you and Kohl are perfect together.” She said with a wide smile that made the freckles stand out on her pale skin. 
I stepped forward and hugged Isadora again. “Don’t be afraid to tell me anything, Isa.” Another knock came to my door. My room had seen more company in the last week then I had at my birthday party. 
Sy walked in wearing the exact same formal outfit as Kohl. He had a large crown on his brushed back hair as well. A few strands of his dark brown hair still fell on his forehead. He looked handsome, too. Isadora curtsied to Sy and walked out the room leaving me with my date. 
Sy smiled, his grey eyes roved up and down my body just like Kohl had previously. “You look flawless.” He came forward and kissed my hand. 
“Kohl and I are the luckiest men in the world because we actually get to touch you.” I laughed. 
“You are acting like such a sap.” I teased. 
“I think I’m being a little overprotective. If anyone even looks at you oddly. I’m not sure I’ll be able to control myself.” I hugged him. 
“I’m so glad this Sy showed up.” 
“I’m always this Sy.” He countered. 
“I’m glad. Everyone is going to love this side of you as much as I do.” He froze. Shit had I really said that? I didn’t mean to tell him I loved him like that. I had been sifting through my feelings for Sy all week and I had realized it was love I felt for him, but it wasn’t real love. It was friendship. We were kindred souls trying to find someone who could just break through our defenses and see the beauty that we couldn’t show the world. I saw that beauty in Sy and I wanted him to find someone that would cherish him the way Kohl had cherished me. I wanted someone to see Sy and think of him as their world. It was how I thought of Kohl. 
“Sy.” I started trying to find a way to say this to him. “I love you.”
“But.” He said harshly. His eyes were cold and it looked like he was reverting back to the old Sy in front of my eyes. 
“No, I love you.” He huffed like he didn’t want to hear anymore. “I love you like the brother I never had. We are so much alike, Sy. I see how wonderful you are. I see that you were hiding from everyone. Don’t go back to the old Sy. Stay with me, please.” 
I bit my lip and waited for the outburst. “I love you.” He said simply.”This is your day.” He grabbed my hand. “Are you ready to go?”
“Sy.” I complained wanting him to open up about what I had told him.
“I just need to process.”I looked at him begging him to lash out to do anything, but what he was doing right now.
“I’m not leaving until you get it out.” He sighed and turned his gaze on me. All I saw was hurt. “I knew I lost when you admitted you loved Kohl. That hurt. I get it. I’m just grateful you don’t hate me and I won’t be upset when you announce your engagement to Kohl. I want you to be happy, Jayde.”
“I want you to be happy too.” I said my eyes blurring with tears. 
“Don’t cry. We have a ball to attend.”
He hugged me and squeezed tight. “I’m not announcing our engagement. I just want to become queen.”  He pulled back.
“Then let’s go make you a queen.” 
“I’m glad you’re here.”
“Sure, you are.” Sy teased good-naturedly. He opened my door and I lifted my gown and train. I headed down another set of stairs that led straight to the library. Sy carried my long train helping me down the steps. 
“This dress is stunning on you.” He said when we got to the library. It was empty. Everyone was in the ballroom. Only a few people were invited to the actual coronation that would take place in the throne room. 
“What’s our signal?” He said it like we were secret agents waiting for our signal and I bit back laughter. 
“Isa will come in and tell me.” I said taking a seat on the sofa I had been sitting on when I first met Sy. 
“Do you remember when I first met you?” He asked reading my mind. 
“Here.” I said smiling. 
“What were you doing here? You had been crying.” I almost laughed. 
“You are more observant than I ever gave you credit for. Kohl was showing me family albums.” I leaned over to the end table that still held the albums. “I think your dad was in a few of these.” I said as I grabbed the one of my father’s childhood. My father had been much younger than Sy and Kohl’s fathers by several decades. He slid forward and opened the book on my lap. I knew I shouldn’t have been sitting in my ball gown and I passed the album to Sy. I stood brushing the wrinkles out of my dress. 
I paced back and forth as Sy continued to go through the album. He eventually made his way to the second one. He was staring at the same page for a while and I made my way toward him. He was looking at a picture I had skimmed over. It was Sy and Kohl holding me. 
“We used to be close.” Sy said still staring at the one photo. 
“Kohl and I were connected to the hip until I moved. We did everything together.” Sy said closing the book and not continuing further. 
“You know you and I are close. We will be close forever.” I insisted and his blank stare told me he didn’t believe me for a second. Isa walked through the double doors distracting me. 
“We are ready for you, Lady Jayde.” Isa said with another wide smile directed at me. 


Chapter 31: The Queen
Sy
She walked with me past the small crowd of people until we reached Kohl, standing in front of the line of thrones. Jayde looked like a vision in the gown she had picked out. Everything about it complimented her to perfection. Her dark curls framed her face in perfect ringlets. She turned to me and smiled as she took the first step closer to Kohl. It felt like I was giving her away for good and it sucked. There was no other way to put it. I had lost. I had put everything on the line and I still lost. I couldn’t get past what she had said and what I’d seen. She said she loved me only not as much as she loved Kohl. She cared but not enough to amend the treaty. It sure didn’t feel like she loved me. Yet, I still loved her and I was struggling to keep the smile plastered on my face as we walked.
Kohl leaned toward me and motioned for me to sit at my parent’s thrones. It was meant as a good gesture I wasn’t cynical enough not to see that, but the smug look on his face told me he already knew he had won Jayde. I stood before my throne, or my father’s old throne. I looked quickly at where my mother used to sit and I had to quickly focus on Jayde before I thought about my mother again. That bandage didn’t need to be ripped off again during Jayde’s Ceremony. 
Since I had opened up to Jayde about my mother, it was all my mind could focus on. It hurt and I wasn’t prepared to deal with that pain with so much else going on. I had a queen to win at the time. Jayde kneeled on the step as Kohl officiated the ceremony. I hated hearing all the traditional words said and repeated. My father’s right hand man had officiated my ceremony. He passed away a few months after my father. It made me realize how much I disliked tradition. With the traditions that passed to me came death. I had enough death to deal with. I was hoping this Coronation was different. 
“It is time for Jayde to make her vow to Encante.” Kohl started. Her eyes were red like she was about to cry. This was a big deal to her. She never expected any of this when she was growing up. I loved her not just because she was beautiful, but she was right we were kindred souls. She had never thought she would amount to much and Encante had given her the chance to prove she was strong, talented, and a natural leader. I just wasn’t so sure that the second chance she’d told me I’d get would ever come my way. I was here slowly losing everything I had ever known to Kohl.
“I, solelmly swear to adhere to the laws of Encante. To be a servant to the needs of every individual that resides in Encante...”
Kohl. I couldn’t even remember that picture I had seen of the three of us. Sure we were young but I was the oldest. Shouldn’t I have remembered how close Kohl and I had been as children? As I stared at the pictures memories flooded my consciousness. Memories I didn’t remember until that moment. Kohl used to follow me everywhere the moment he had learned to walk. I wasn’t much older and we both walked on shaky legs around the throne room. We played hide and seek, we scared our mothers to death and we shared a mutual protectiveness over baby Jayde. She was ours as much as she was her parents’. Kohl and I had spent hours watching her, playing with her. Attempting to teach her how to speak our names. She had never gotten Kohl’s name down, but maybe it was because mine was easier.
“My heart, my thoughts, my life will be lived for Encante.” Jayde finished. I looked at her and gave her a proud smile. She was officially a queen. I moved toward Kohl helping him with the items he would give to Jayde to make it official. First was her crown, he handed me the crown she had been wearing and placed a larger, more traditional tiara on her head. Next, I handed him the orb with the Encantado crest.  Finally, he handed her a golden mace that had been passed down to her father during his coronation. We each had received one when we were coronatated, passed down through our families. Kohl and I stepped forward and helped Jayde up from her knees. Is this what it would have been like if we were still the tri-ruling families? I shook the thought away Kohl was following Jayde’s wishes he didn’t trust me as much as I didn’t trust him. 
“I present to you Queen Jayde, true heir to the Rais Throne.” Kohl said over deafening applause. Kohl dropped Jayde’s hand begrudgingly and we made our way to the ballroom where the party and the crowd were waiting.
Jayde looked over me, her eyes still glassy, the smile plastered on her beautiful face, and her hands trying to balance the heavy orb and mace. 
“You did wonderfully.” I said leaning toward her as we walked. 
“I was so nervous. Did I sound nervous?”
“You sounded like a queen.”
“Thanks, Sy.” She said as we waited for the guards to open the doors to the ballroom and announce our entrance. “Thank you for helping Kohl. It made everything feel right like we were all supposed to be there.” She finished voicing my thoughts. 
The announcement for Jayde to enter came and we walked into the large room overflowing with people applauding their new leader. Isadora and Philip came to Jayde’s side to grab the royal objects so she could mingle with her people. 
“Finally.” She said as she grabbed my hand and pulled me toward the dance floor. 
“Shouldn’t you be introducing yourself to your people?” I asked as she pulled me to the center of the floor. 
“One dance, Sy. Then we can greet our brains out the rest of the night.” I shook my head and led her into the first waltz. “This place is like a dream.”
“You planned it weren’t you prepared for this?” I teased before I spun her around. She laughed and I couldn’t help but notice everyone openly staring at us. “Jayde, people may be taking our dancing together as something it isn’t.” 
“Let them take it as they want. If I can accept you they can too.” There was her hidden meaning. She wanted to show everyone that I was someone she trusted. Maybe she really did care. Maybe she was pissing people off seconds into being queen. The song ended and she grabbed my hand mingling into the crowd. We talked to a few of the officials from the coronation along with Kohl. He solemnly introduced us to people. It was odd considering that Jayde chose Kohl and was parading around with me. It didn’t bother me. I was sure it should, but if Kohl accepted it. Where was the problem? 
“Oh Sy, I have someone I want to introduce you to.” Jayde said suddenly getting too excited for her own good. I looked over the crowd trying to make out who it was that she wanted to introduce me to. 
When my phone began to vibrate. I looked down at the number, it was my emergency cell phone I kept in my top drawer in my office. It must be Reggie. Why would he be calling me from that phone? He knew I was here. 
“Jayde, I have to take this.”
“Wait until you meet her.” She insisted. I showed her my phone. 
“It’s Reggie I have to take it.” She sighed and let me go. 
I walked out of the noisy ballroom toward the only quiet place I knew about: the library. 
“Hello.” I snapped ready to give him an earful for interrupting my night.
“I’m sorry, King. We were unable to save it.”
“Save it? Save what?” I said panicking. 
“The castle. It just ... A fire started. No one is sure how, but it was so strong. We barely got all the staff out.” I slumped onto the sofa barely registering what my assistant was saying.
“Is anyone injured?” I closed my eyes trying to process how a castle burns to the ground. “How long was the fire burning?”
“A few minutes. I was in your office finishing some filing I grabbed important records, the phone, and made sure all the staff made it out safely.” Hell, how could this happen?
“You did well, Reggie.” 
“I... I... Excuse me your majesty?”
“You did well, don’t make me repeat myself. Do you think that this was an act of war?”
“It had to be no normal fire would have......ahhhhhh!” 
“Reggie? Reggie?!” I screamed into the line. It was muffled and blaring static. “Answer me Reggie.” I growled not believing what I had just heard. Was my castle under attack while I was at this damn coronation? Was this Kohl’s plan all along? Get me away and destroy everything? He would not be getting away with this. I don’t care if Jayde loved him or not. He would pay for hurting my people.
“The...There was an explosion. I’m so sorry. It is all gone your highness.” I slammed my crown on the cushions hitting one of Jayde’s albums. Was she involved in this? Did she betray me too? Had she let Kohl do this to me? I closed my eyes trying to get past the betrayal. She loved me too. She wouldn’t do that to me, but Kohl...Kohl would. 
“Gather everyone up and make sure everyone is okay. Take whoever needs to go to the hospital to one. That is an order, Reggie.”
“Yes, sir. Are you on your way?”
“No, I’m making who did this pay.” I growled, slamming my phone beside me. I kicked the table trying to stop seeing red. If I attacked Kohl. I would be outnumbered, but he had just broken the treaty Jayde and I worked so damn hard to maintain. The more I thought the more I realized Jayde would have never betrayed me in this way, but the ass that I knew Kohl had always been was coming out. Jayde would know that he is weak soon and I was going to make sure everyone else knew. 


Chapter 32: Enough
Jayde
Being Queen, was like being a star everyone stopped me to say congratulations and people openly stared. In this dress, I could appreciate the staring. The dress deserved it. Cara stopped in front of me in a cream colored gown. 
“Your timing is terrible.” I chided her. 
“What did I miss? Is your dress okay?” She asked examining my dress with narrowed eyes.
“Everything’s fine, Cara, I just wanted to introduce you to Sy.”
She rolled her eyes, “My mother hates him.”
“But you are not you’re mother and I think you can see the good that I see in him.” She gave me a look that told me she wasn’t believing a word I said. “I’m serious. He is one of the sweetest, kindest people I have ever met underneath all the cynicism and rumors.” 
“So he is who you choose?” Cara tried and I shook my head not ready to give away anything on the treaty. Cara was twenty-two and her and I seemed to see at the same level the moment we met. I liked her and she seemed to like me despite my crown. I couldn’t believe all it had taken to gain female friends was a crown and kingdom.
The doors to the ballroom flung open smashing against the adjoining walls. Sy stomped into the room, his face noticeably red. The crowd seemed to part for him.
“This is the gentle man?” Cara asked as he maneuvered in the crowd passing me and going toward Kohl. He stopped in front of Kohl and punched Kohl hard enough to stagger back a few feet.
I ran toward them and pushed and shoved through the gasping and shocked guests.
“You coward.” Sy spat out. His voice was angry and cold. He went to hit Kohl again. 
“Stop.” I shrieked. Sy looked up at me. His eyes softening for a moment.
“I’m sorry, Jayde, but I must avenge my people.” I kept running trying to get closer as I heard more hitting and cracking. I didn’t want to associate with Sy and Kohl. No one touched either of them. They just left them there to fight like this was a boxing match. I pushed Sy. 
“Stop.” I cried out again. 
“Get out of the way, Jayde. This doesn’t involve you.”
“You are attacking my co-ruler, so yes it does involve me. What has gotten into you?” 
Kohl started to stand. His movements were shaky. 
“Tell her.” Sy shouted. “Tell everyone.”
“You have officially lost your mind, Sy.” Kohl ground out, his anger starting to show in the hard set of his jaw.
“Fine. Why would you tell her? You did the cowardly act of attacking my kingdom when you’d known I’d be away. You broke the treaty.”
“What?” I said turning around to question Kohl myself. He would never do that, would he?
Sy came forward but I stayed between them. “He destroyed my castle, trying to kill everyone in it.
I shook my head. “Kohl would never do that.” I insisted. Sy’s eyes showed the hurt I knew he was feeling. 
“Tell her damn it.” Sy hissed. 
“I didn’t do it, Sy.” Kohl snapped seeming to find his voice. “I have wanted nothing, but to end this war. Why would I ruin a treaty that you and Jayde have worked so hard to enforce? All I’ve ever wanted was a treaty. Why would I destroy that?” 
“Liar.” Sy said reaching for Kohl again.
“Stop, Sy. Calm down for me. We can figure this out.” I said praying I was lacing my words with magic. I really needed to start practicing. 
He stopped, his shoulders sagged for a moment. “I believe you, Sy. I know you are angry, but we will figure out who did this. It wasn’t Kohl. I have been in every meeting that has been held in the last week. I would know if something like this was planned.” I stepped forward cautiously to Sy and wrapped my arms around him. “We will figure this out. I swear.” He huffed in disbelief. 
“I can’t do much else.” He snapped, but I knew it was just because he was angry and hurting. “I guess I should make my announcement early then.” I don’t know where the words came from, but in that moment I knew I was never letting go of either of them. 
Sy looked at me with a pain that went deeper than losing the castle he had built in his father’s memory.
“Ladies and Gentleman. I was not planning to make this announcement until I discussed this with Kohl and Sy, but as Queen of all of Encante. I proclaim that the Treaty of Dos Reis will not be followed. I...” I looked at Kohl and Sy as they stared at me in shock. “The tri-ruling families are re-uniting.” The room was overcome with everyone talking among themselves. I could barely hear my thoughts people were talking so loudly. I had to get everything out before I chickened out.
“Silence.” I shouted and the funny thing is it worked. Maybe I had laced my words with magic, but I didn’t know what was going on in that department so who knows. “ In my short time in Encante, I have realized this treaty would never work. As I grew to know Kohl and Sy, I realized that it would be impossible to choose between either of them because they bring such different qualities to the throne. Kohl is gentle, rule-driven, and peaceful. Sy is emotional, passionate, and his presence demands attention. Neither of them should be anything but great. This announcement may seem abrupt considering what has happened, but I fear there is a greater evil than the war. For decades we have dealt with mysterious bombings that no one has been able to explain. Today, Sy’s castle was destroyed.” Several people gasped. 
“If Kohl and Sy can see past their differences we can fight for what is most important in Encante, our peace.” I held out both of my hands for them to take. Kohl took it and kissed my cheek without a second thought. Sy was the apprehensive one. 
“I swear we will figure this out, Sy. I know it wasn’t Kohl and I know it wasn’t you. Help us figure it out.” He took my hand and kissed my cheek. 
In my ear, he whispered, “I’m putting the last of my faith in you. Don’t make me regret it.” I nodded. 
“I know many of you may be disappointed in how things were solved, but as Queen of Encante, it is best for all of us. Encante-North, Encante-South, me, Kohl, and Sy. If we found this new evil threatening us as a united kingdom, we may defeat it. Today was supposed to be my coronation, but I happily share this day with the Kings of Encante.” My hands were shaky as I finally let what I had done sink in. We were the tri-ruling families. Kohl and Sy agreed with me. Even when I thought they wouldn’t. 
A barrage of questions began to assault us. I couldn’t distinguish one question from another. My pulse was jackhammering in my ears. 
“Any questions about the reinstatement of the Tri-Ruling Families will be discussed at a press conference tomorrow evening here. Tonight is a night of celebration. Enjoy.” Kohl said deflecting the attention from the three of us. We quickly made our way to Kohl’s office. 
“What did we just get ourselves into? What were you thinking, Jayde?” Kohl said as he began to pace around the room, trying to lessen his anxiety. Sy just sat in shock staring at me lost.
“When you mentioned that to me I never thought you were serious.” Sy said looking at me differently, it wasn’t necessarily a good look. 
“I never wanted to follow through with the treaty. I love you Kohl, but I could never live with Sy not being a king, either. Since we are alone tell me if you were involved in what happened, Kohl.”
He glared at me, “I didn’t have anything to do with it.” He retorted. 
“Sy?” 
“Why would I have destroyed my own castle?” Sy snapped. “I wanted peace.”
“I wanted peace too.” Kohl yelled back.
“Guys, we all want peace. We have to work this out. We have to work together. It’s official whether we like it or not. We need to figure out what is going on. 
“Tomorrow morning we should go to the castle.” Kohl said. Sy just glared at him. 
“Move in, Sy. We can make room for everyone that was in your castle.”
Sy didn’t say anything. He just continued to glare at Kohl. 
“I agree with Jayde.” Kohl replied. 
“Okay.” Sy said sounding defeated. 
“You don’t have to go back to the ball. I’ll show you to your room.” I said standing and walking towards Sy. 
He stood up and I took his hand guiding him to the staircase. We didn’t say anything until we reached the biggest guest room in the West wing.
“What happens when you marry Kohl?” Sy asked as he opened the door. He looked around and seemed to accept the arrangements. 
I deflected his question by trying to be a gracious hostess, “I speak for Kohl too when I say that this is your home too. Make yourself comfortable change it to look like whatever you want.” I tried with a smile.
“You didn’t answer my question.” He said moving into the sitting room.
“I don’t know. I love Kohl. I want to marry him. I don’t want you to feel alienated. We can still be the ruling families, but the problem I’ve run into is what happens for our children.” 
Sy sank into an armchair with a high back. “We marry them and form one royal family.” I looked at him with wide eyes. 
“That sounds an awful lot like the treaty I just destroyed.”
“Do you have a better idea? It solves everything.” He snapped. 
He was right Sy tended to be right about things like this. We wouldn’t have to worry about who was controlling what if our children married each other and we would eliminate the problem of future issues with the tri-ruling family.
“I feel like we would be setting our children up for misery.”
“They can learn to love each other. They will grow up together. They will be close. Our parents and our grandparents weren’t given the opportunity to choose their partners their spouses was chosen for them by their parents. This would be no different.” Again Sy had a point, but I just didn’t know if I could stomach doing that to my future child.
“Sleep on it. Ask Kohl. For once I think he might agree with me. This would be for the betterment of our kingdom now and for future rulers as well.” Sy said standing. “I think I’m going to make some calls and make sure everyone is okay still.”
“Sorry again, Sy.” I said meaning it to the depths of my soul. We had endured so much to have yet another terrible thing happen to him. I kissed his cheek and left his room.

Chapter 33: An Heir
Kohl
I had barely slept last night. I had gone back to the coronation easing everyone’s concerns. Jayde eventually returned too. She had personally made sure that everyone that had been in Sy’s castle had a guest room and fresh clothes and food. Isadora and Philip had left to help Jayde. 
When Jayde returned she was all smiles. She greeted and introduced herself to more guests and toward the end of the night I noticed she and one of her seamstresses deep in conversation. I excused myself from the crowd and made my way to Jayde. I was sure I would have a black eye tomorrow but tonight all I wanted was Jayde. 
“May I have this dance?” I said to her as she looked up at me with a wide smile lighting up her angelic features. 
“Of course your majesty.” She said teasingly. “Excuse me, Cara, but I find it impossible to deny a king a dance.” She winked at her and took my hand. 
A slow song started appropriately. I held Jayde’s waist and one of her hands slipped into my open hand.
“Everyone is settled comfortably including Sy.” She looked away for me as tears threatened. “He is so upset. I’m really worried about him, Kohl.”
“He will get through this he has something he has never had before.” I said matter of factly.
“What is that?” She asked curiously.
“You. A friend. He will benefit from having you around.” She smiled. 
“Even while upset Sy came up with a solution to all of our problems with the treaty.” She whispered hoping no one overheard us. 
“He accepts the fact that we want to be married.”
“Really.” I coughed out incredulously. The more she told me about Sy the less I believed. Sometimes I just thought he was saying things to get Jayde on his side. Yet, he knew he lost or had he? He was still king and he didn’t have to marry Jayde in the process. That sounded like a win for Sy. 
“We marry our children. Make one ruling family.” Hmmmm. “Well?” Jayde asked when I hadn’t said anything. 
“It could work.” I said tentatively. It sounded like a good plan we take care of the merging of my and Jayde’s line and we completely eliminate the tri-ruling families so no future wars could exist. 
“What about love?”
“Love never factored into being a ruler.” I replied automatically. My uncle had reminded me of that my entire life especially in regards to the treaty. I thought I would never be happy with Jayde and here I was in love with her. Not seeing myself without her by my side. 
She looked down avoiding meeting my eyes again. Damn I was an ass. “It’s different for us. We’re lucky. Normally, love is not what makes a ruling marriage work. Obligation, respect, mutual understanding that’s what our parents’ marriages were based on. Their parents had betrothed them to their spouse in hopes of maintaining royal and noble blood in our line and maintaining a steady income for the royal family.”
“So it was all about how rich you were?” She huffed disappointed. I may have disillusioned her parents’ marriage for her but it was what Sy and I had been raised with. Of course our parents cared for each other and loved us, it was just understood that there were greater things than true love. I didn’t know how to tell her this without further breaking Jayde’s heart. 
“It’s about improving the kingdom. Everything we do is for the kingdom. Like your vows stated we are servants to the people of Encante.” She nodded still not meeting my eyes.
The song ended and eventually the guests left. I didn’t find Jayde at the end of the night. In the hopes of building some sort of mutually beneficial relationship with Sy. I stopped at his room. He answered a glass of scotch in his hand as he glowered at me.
“Are you here to say you did it?” He slurred angrily. He slammed back the remaining amber liquid in his cup. 
“No, I am here to tell you personally, I didn’t. I also wanted to ask if you wanted Jayde and I to accompany you tomorrow to see the damage?”
He blinked and stared at me for a solid minute. He had obviously had a lot to drink. 
“Thank you, Kohl.” He said slamming the door in my face. I wasn’t sure if that answered my question, but I doubted I would get more out of him in his drunken state. I could sympathize. I don’t think I’d be sober if I had lost everything that me and my family had spent so long building.
Dawn crept up as I laid in bed and thought of the colossal mess I had to clean up at this press conference. Sy’s outburst, Jayde’s speech. Hell, I wasn’t sure two hours was going to be enough time to answer everyone’s questions. I might have to clear my afternoon. 
A knock came at my door around six. Jayde slipped in fully dressed in dark jeans and a flowy navy blouse. 
“Are you ready?” She asked somberly.
“Ready for what?” I said sitting up in bed. 
She looked at me oddly. “Sy said that you asked to accompany him to the castle. I thought you would be ready by now.” She said rolling her eyes letting a little bit of the old Jayde slip by.
I sat up in bed. He wanted me to go. “I’ll be downstairs in ten minutes.” I said sliding out of bed. Jayde came forward. She was glowing. She kissed me. 
“As queen, I deem that I can do that whenever I want.” She said devilishly. I pulled her to me. 
“Whatever you say my queen.” I said kissing her again only longer and more drawn out. She let out a soft sigh. “I have to get ready or we might not ever leave my room.” She nodded and with one last kiss she left. 
The ride to Sy’s was quiet and uncomfortable. Jayde had sat between Sy and I as all three of our assistants made the trip and Sy’s well fed assistant nearly pushed Isa on Philip’s lap. No one said a word as we pushed forward, even Jayde kept surprisingly quiet as she seemed to take in the somber mood. 
We stopped rather abruptly. Reggie and Sy were the first out. When I finally got out of the carriage I couldn't believe my eyes. We were staring at rubble. Nothing even resembled a castle. There were no remaining walls, furniture. It was a mess. As I looked at Sy take it all in with a cool detachment. I finally felt bad. This was horrible. Whoever had done this was going to pay. Jayde walked to Sy and slid her hand into his. Saying reassuring words to him. She seemed to have a way with words and knew exactly what to say to calm someone down. I walked toward them watching my steps. 
“I’m sorry, Sy. We are going to find who did this.”
“How do we find a ghost?” Sy said darkly. Jayde and I looked at each other and then back at Sy.
“What are you talking about, Sy?” Jayde said as gently as she could. He started walking and Jayde was right beside him. Her hand still in his. I followed struggling to keep up. 
Sy stopped and looked down. In the destruction was an unmistakable symbol. Inexpertly drawn was a hill with a flag rising above the hill. 
“What does that mean?” Jayde asked waiting for either Sy or I to answer. When Sy made no motion to answer I did. 
“It’s the sign of the uprising.”
Jayde’s green eyes widened. “The Uprising? Like the Uprising from twenty years ago? The Uprising that killed your mother?” Jayde said staring at Sy. 
How did Jayde know about the Uprising? Killed Sy’s mother? I was missing a huge puzzle piece. 
Sy nodded. “They would be one and the same, love.” His voice was hoarse with pent up emotion.
Jayde’s arms wrapped around Sy. “We are going to stop them. No one is usurping us.”
“I’m afraid we might be too late.” Sy replied darkly. 
I stared back at the symbol. It was never too late. We hadn’t failed our people. We could gain back their support. We could win. 
“We can do this together.” I said disrupting Sy’s dark thoughts. He looked up at me understanding my meaning. 
“We really are going to try this tri-ruling thing again?” He asked. 
“I don’t think we could fight the Uprising otherwise.” Sy looked at Jayde as she let go of him. 
“Okay.” Sy said after several moments of silence. “I’m in.”
“I guess now you both choose to listen to your queen.” Jayde snidely replied. 

Looking for more by Lyza Ledo?
Encante Series
Enchanted
Enlightened (Coming in 2015)

Deserted Series 
Deserted (Coming in Fall 2014)

Secrets Trilogy (Available at your favorite Ebook Retailer)
Secret’s Out
Hidden
Revelations

The Rena Files Series(Available at your favorite Ebook Retailer)
The Rena Files 
Puzzled
Familiar
Return
Freefall


For more information on Giveaways, Release Dates, and more go to ….
www.lyzaledo.com
Facebook: www.facebook.com/lyzaledobooks
Twitter: @LyzaLedo
Goodreads: Lyza Ledo



Continue to Read Chapter 1 from The Rena Files

Chapter 1: Do You Really?
Do you really want to know me? Really? Because this story isn’t simple. It was kind of a mess that just grew into something I couldn’t attempt to handle. Well, if you really want to know…let’s start with me. My name is Rena Solis. I am sixteen years old and a junior at Walterville High School. Walterville is one of the many suburbs of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. 
Well I am not some superhuman or anything interesting like that. I’m barely noticed but my parents, that’s something different. My parents happen to be pretty amazing; you may or may not have heard of them though. Rebecca and Richard Solis are two of the best detectives in the country. With that, my parents happen to be away a lot since they began doing consultations in serious cases with government agencies and various police departments about four years ago. My parents are great even though they are not always around, and aren’t always up with the latest in Walterville High. They care and I probably talk to them every day no matter what. 
When they are not around though I always have Aunt Krystal, she’s my mother’s younger sister by 15 years. Krystal is thirty and since she is always with me she hasn’t exactly settled down yet. She is a nurse and seriously one of the kindest women I’ll ever know. 
I think I’m losing my train of thought maybe I should tell you a bit about Walterville High, where the story actually takes place.
Walterville High School has 1700 students. Yes, our school is in the thousands. Now I’m not going to pretend that I know all 1700 people in the school, and I am worshipped or whatever. I will tell you how it really is, no lies needed. The week of importance was in the first week of April. The Junior Dance was at the end of the week and Caitlin was trying to persuade me into finding a date. 

“Ren? Are you listening to me?” Cait said after her boyfriend Josh grabbed their trash and headed to the football table. 
I rolled my eyes, “what is wrong with wanting to go alone?” I asked, for the last month Caitlin has made it her mission to try and find me a date for the Junior Prom, and frankly I wasn’t interested. There was no one I wanted to go with… at least that she knew about. 
David looked over at us, “can we not have this conversation again?”
 “Yeah I’m with Dave on this one” I said stirring the remaining mashed potatoes on my tray around, avoiding Caitlin’s glare.
 “Dave, you could solve this whole problem if you just went to the dance” Caitlin said turning her glare to Dave instead. Caitlin Cooper and David Reed were my best friends and pretty much my only friends at Walterville High School. Caitlin had been my friend since we were in diapers, and Dave since last year. Caitlin did a lot of things that pretty girls did. She was a cheerleader, who dated football players, and loved to highlight her already naturally blond hair. She wasn’t the brightest bulb in the box, and I think that’s why I had Dave around; to actually have an intelligent conversation with someone.
“Cait, I told you I don’t do dances for the hundredth time.” Dave said sounding exasperated. 
I looked up at Dave, “It’s okay, you don’t have to go… hell I don’t even want to go.” I said finally putting my fork down and moving my tray away from me. 
Caitlin’s glare returned to me, her brown eyes full of anger and hurt. “But what about that beautiful dress you got?”
 “Cait… I was only going because you begged me.” David cleared his throat trying to calm the animosity between Cait and I. 
“Fine … you win Cait.” 
Cait jerked her head up to look at David surprised, “WHAT?”
 “I’ll go with Rena.”
 “What makes you think I want to go with you, Dave?” 
He shrugged, “Because I’m your… one of your best friends and you love me.” 
I chuckled, “Okay, but you have to match my dress” I said standing to put away my trash. 
“Oh thank you so much! Dave you will have so much fun you won’t regret it!” Caitlin said as she ran to Josh to tell him the good news. Not like he actually cared when there were so many more important things in the world to talk about like football… and oh yeah football.
 Dave followed me, because we had our next class together, “I don’t know why you said yes.” I said as Caitlin was far enough away.
 “Ren, I’m  not letting her torture you a whole night alone. I mean what are you going to do when she’s dancing the night away? “His face actually showing his worry for me, definitely a great best friend. 
 I looked away, embarrassed I didn’t even think of that. “I know I didn’t think it all the way through but I don’t dance any way.” David walked into the classroom before me and took a seat at our lab station. 
“You will with me,” he said with a smile that made me smile back. 
“I know.” 
“Then what’s the problem?” he asked curiously.
 “You didn’t wanna go.” I said stating the obvious.
“I’m not gonna let Cait make you go with one of Josh’s douchy friends. Besides I know who you’re waiting for and it’s not going to happen.”  David said giving me a sympathetic look.
 David knew I had a huge crush on someone, but I tried not to let Caitlin know because she would obviously be upset, and perhaps murder me. So David was my confidant in all things boys or boy, ironically. 
I sighed and turned to pay attention to our Chemistry lecture, or more specifically the monotone man babbling about appropriate ways to balance equations.
 My mind quickly drifted away again. The junior prom was one of the biggest occasions of junior year. Caitlin was nominated for Junior Prom Queen and she wanted all the support she could; that’s why I had no choice but to go. I looked over at Dave, thankful that he was going with me. I don’t know what would have happened without him. He was great and really my best friend even though I could never admit that to Caitlin. His hazel eyes narrowed on me as he noticed me looking at him, “What?” he mouthed as he turned to face me. I shook my head and turned back towards the professor. It was funny that Dave and I were only best friends. 
Aunt Krystal thought we would be dating soon, but there was always something in the way. At first, it was David’s immense crush on Caitlin, but I couldn’t blame him for that, every guy liked Caitlin Cooper. In her own words, she was hot and everyone knew it. Her insane confidence was probably the main reason she always had a date to anything, if you asked me. 
After actually getting to know Caitlin he preferred me to her, saying she complained more than she breathed… after this week I think he had a point. He was everything most girls would like in a guy, at least I would. 
He wasn’t necessarily Caitlin’s type which was usually dumb jock. David was a jock. He was on the soccer team, but he was slightly muscular from his after school job at his dad’s bike shop. He was constantly lifting bikes, and well his arms were pretty ripped because of it. He also had a face that wasn’t terrible to look at but his obvious thirst for knowledge turned Caitlin off about as much as Josh’s idiocy turned me off. He was decently tall too, not that I’m a giant or anything. Dave was 5’10 and I was 5’3 it was a distance, but I always liked guys tall. 
No matter how annoying she was, Caitlin would always be one of my best friends. We were friends since we were born and not even her obsession with boys could completely hinder our relationship.  I know though my little secret crush would totally hinder that relationship and that’s why David was saving me with this dance.
 The bell rang, I looked over at him, “Have fun in study hall… behave.” Dave said as he threw his backpack over his broad shoulders. 
“Yeah, yeah, you say that everyday,” I said following him out into the hallway. 
“Well I just wanted to keep it fresh in your mind,” Dave said as he turned into his classroom, “see you at your locker?” Dave added before he walked in. I nodded and started walking to my next class. 
  Slam! “I’m so sorry” I said as I looked up to see the guy I ran into. “I’m s-s-s….” I was at a loss for words. Did I really just run into Jesse Harris? 
“No problem, Ren” he said as he walked to his locker beside where I was standing. I leaned forward and grabbed my bag off the floor, red faced. I almost ran to study hall. I sat in my usual seat since we were in alphabetical order and watched him pass by and take his seat two rows in front of me.  
It was even harder to focus today knowing that I made such an ass out of myself…. Right in front of Jesse Harris! Jesse Harris was beautiful… I don’t know how long I really liked him but I knew I couldn’t make it go away, believe me I tried. He had almost black hair and a light tan that came from being out in the spring sun already. But the thing that really stuck with me about Jesse was his eyes. They were like a blue that was nothing like any other blue in the world. They were vibrant and soft all at the same time, the only thing that I could possibly compare his eyes to was the ocean… and not that murky dark water we normally see in places near me, but the bright blue water that is known in the Caribbean. A shining, shimmering vibrant blue, that I had never seen on another person. I remember when I first met him and he looked at me with those eyes. I gasped surprised by what I saw, and maybe I fell for him then. But I doubt it. At least I denied it if I did. 
 You see Jesse Harris is off limits for one very important reason. He was Caitlin’s first love and after their breakup he didn’t even talk to me. Why would he, I was just Caitlin’s geeky friend? He wouldn’t like me after being with her, even if we had great conversations before their nasty split.
I couldn’t pull my gaze away from him today and I think even he noticed. He turned and looked at me oddly. I tried to hide my gaze but I knew I looked guilty, my face was probably as red as an apple. 


To read more download The Rena Files, for free at your favorite Ebook Retailer.
