“I wonder what you taste like, sweet Aithne. That question has tortured me.”
A butterfly commotion rose in my stomach as the flittering turned my insides into a riot of nerves. He was going to give me my first-ever kiss. My hands rested on my stomach fortifying my resolve as his hands gripped the side of my arms. His thumbs moved in soft circles and caused a faintness to come over me.
Hadrian was so close, his breath fanning lightly over my skin. I watched his descending mouth—his lips. I was a storm of emotions—sensations—as the anticipation grew.
As he pulled me closer I held onto his shirt front and offered a silent plea that my knees wouldn’t fail me. His lips were a mere fraction from mine. All I needed to do was creep up on my tiptoes, and the moment would be complete.
We lingered there, the sound of our breath mingling as our eyes locked. He shifted slightly, and traced a delicate pattern across my cheekbone. “I shouldn’t.” His other arm encircled my waist. “But how can I not?”

Praise for Enchanted Hearts

“This very story just touches your soul and leaves you alittle better of a person for reading it.” - Lisa Markson, Mommy Reads Too Much.

“With the genteel allure of beloved classic Disney movies meets the love triangle of Twilight, Enchanted Hearts will cast a spell on anyone who believes in romance and love.” 
-  Laurie, Readergirls.

“The Queen of Swoon has done it again! Belinda Boring's enchanted my heart with her sweeping romantic triangle in Enchanted Hearts.” - Deena Remiel, author of the Book Waitress series.

“This is a sweet magical love story. The world Belinda created was beautiful.” - Amber, Awesomesauce Book Club.

Other Books by Belinda Boring

The Enchanted Series

Enchanted Hearts
Enchanted Frost (Coming 2013)

The Mystic Wolves Series

The Mystic Wolves
Forget Me Not
Testing Fate (Coming 2013)

The Brianna Lane Series

Broken Promises
Broken Trust (Coming 2013)

Moonstruck Media - Arizona
Copyright © 2012 Belinda Boring
Edited by Irene Hunt, Third Eye Tight Editing Services
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
Published by
Moonstruck Media
Arizona
Smashwords Ebook Edition
Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.  The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.

This book is available in print and ebook format.

Dedication

To Mum and Dad

Who would’ve thought I’d be living my dreams like this?
Oh wait, you both did. Thanks for always believing in me. I love you.


To Angel

Willy. Never forget it *winks*
I love you FROEVER

Acknowledgments


Deena, Stacie, Raine, Angel, Kelsie, Lacey, Melina, Melissa. 
I have some amazing cheerleaders. Whether it was listening to me swoon over the characters, offering ideas when I was stumped, or reading chapters to tell me what they thought, I’m so grateful for those I know I can always turn to. Thank you for the support, for your faith, and most of all the much needed “What are you doing on Facebook? GET OFF!” I appreciate you all so much.
A big thank you to my editor, Irene. What can I say . . . I’m the Queen of Prepositions and the Mistress of Gaze. You helped me polish my story and survived! Thanks for your patience and don’t forget . . . you owe me a tiara! Hahaha
And a special thank you to my husband, Mark—for standing in the middle of the store so I could tell you what I’d been writing, taking me on drives to clear my head, and not complaining at 3am when I woke you up to cry over characters. I love you!

Bels

Chapter One 
Hadrian

I knew I shouldn’t be here, but like every other time, her beauty beckoned me.
I was helpless to resist the lure of temptation—completely captivated—enchanted. Some would find irony in a Fae enchanted by a human. Once upon a time, I may have argued with them and convinced them of the impossibility of such a statement.
That was before I saw her, however. Everything had changed in that moment.
I don’t believe in fate, the concept absurd to those of my people. We are endless—eternal—the masters of our own destinies. The longevity of our lives affords us the chance to sample all that life offers and with that comes the arrogant belief of our superiority. 
Had someone told me I would become fascinated with a human female, I would’ve laughed and dismissed them with a casual wave of my hand. I would’ve reminded them who I was—Prince Hadrian Strongbow, youngest son to Queen Willomena—and such behavior was beneath me.
That was before I saw her, however. Everything changed in that moment.
Aithne. Her name was like a prayer on my lips.
Until that first encounter, I’d considered myself incapable of being influenced by baser emotions. But one look at her radiant beauty—the way her countenance seemed to outshine even the sun—was my undoing.
Aithne.
I didn’t ever stand a chance.


“This needs to stop, Brother. Nothing can come from such an attachment.” There was a touch of sadness to my eldest brother’s voice. Having one other sibling, Favian and I were the closest, and I wasn’t surprised that he’d followed me here.
I sensed his presence long before Favian revealed himself. Standing just within the tree line, I used the shadows cast by the fading sun as a way to keep hidden and didn’t turn to respond. My focus, as always, rested on her. 
My Aithne.
“Come, there’s much to do at home. The hunt approaches, and a lot is expected of you.”
“I don’t care. I will be home when I’m good and ready,” I responded. A smile curled over my lips as I caught the sight of a small flash of skin. My mouth watered as the desire to taste her grew strong. Leaning against the trunk of the old, giant, oak tree, I kept my arms tightly folded across my chest. The need to touch her soft body was maddening.
Favian moved beside me, and let out a heavy sigh. “This is folly, Hadrian, pure and simple. If you must, have your fling, but do so quickly. Take your fill and purge her from your system.” He took a step forward and I could hear the beginning of frustration in his voice. I knew he didn’t understand my fascination with Aithne, but I was helpless to explain something I didn’t quite comprehend myself. All I knew was I couldn’t keep away, and the feelings I was experiencing were deeper than anything I’d ever known.
“I choose more than a mere dalliance. One taste would never satisfy me. She’s under my skin, brother, and not so easily removed. How can I not be in love with her? She is exquisite.”
“She is human and therefore beneath you. You speak of love? Don’t fool yourself. What you feel is the stirrings of lust, and will no doubt lead to an unhealthy obsession. She is not for you. Come home.” 
“I’m under her spell,” I murmured, ignoring his pleas.
“It will fade. You’re not the first to think so.” Favian put his hand on my shoulder and moved to block my view of Aithne. Anger stirred within me and caused my fists to clench. For the first time since his arrival, I looked at my brother and acknowledged him.
“Why are you here?” Suddenly impatient, I spoke through gritted teeth. The faster I could get rid of him, the sooner I’d be able to continue watching the object of my affection. The coolness in the air suggested evening was fast approaching, and time was of the essence. Any moment she could decide to leave, and I wasn’t prepared to see her go just yet. I was never ready.
“In truth, I am curious. I want to see what holds the sole attention of my beloved brother and brings him across into this world, defying his mother’s wishes. You know she won’t turn a blind eye forever. It’s why I suggest you hurry, have your fling, and be done with this.” Favian shifted so he was in my full view. With my complete attention, it was difficult to ignore his concern. “Please, favored or not, you don’t want to upset her. You know how she feels.”
Closing my eyelids, I recalled the countless lectures I’d received in my youth—about the ruthlessness of humans and their fickle hearts. Many Fae had been lured into traps only to find their souls ensnared. It had led only to misery—so my Mother spoke—and I’d promised to avoid it at all cost. I’d kept my word. Until Aithne.
“Turn around and look for yourself. See what brings me here eager for a mere glimpse.” I ignored the flicker of hesitation that crossed Favian’s face. The idea his soul could be captured by just one look was pure superstition, and I struggled not to laugh. “See.”
He had no need to fear, she was perfect. Sitting in the shallow depths of the river, the water caressed her slender form as she trailed her dainty hands through the crystal liquid. The sun’s rays caused her raven-black hair to shine, the soft curls framing her face perfectly. I longed to twirl the long strands around my fingers—the same way the tips floated about in the current when she tilted her head back and stared at the sky. She was flawless—from the porcelain glow of her skin to the smile that brightened her countenance. What I yearned for was to see the true color of her dark eyes. I imagined they were a rich chocolate brown and just once, I wanted them to look my way.
He moved slowly, but once he beheld her there was silence. I couldn’t tell what his thoughts were—his expression guarded—but I was confident he understood what brought me back here seeking her presence. Her innocent beauty was irresistible.
“I see a human female, brother, one who is obviously not plain but nothing that would warrant your growing obsession. She is pretty enough. Have your way with her, and be done with it.”
“She will never be just a fling,” I growled softly.
“It’s all she could ever be.” The sorrow in his voice floated in the air. Moving around me, Favian clasped my shoulder and squeezed it gently in apology. “I’m sorry, Hadrian, come home. Please.”
I bowed my head, not wanting to hear his reasoning or the honesty of his words. I wasn’t ready to acknowledge them, and we stood that way for a moment before I finally nodded.
“I’ll be there shortly,” I conceded without turning to the sound of splashing water which beckoned for one more glance. Favian appeared satisfied with my response and faded away into the trees. 
Letting out a sigh, I took a step to follow. But her tinkling laughter reached out, and—like a fish trapped in a net—I was caught again. Imprisoned by desire, I broke my vow without a second thought.
It was one thing to yearn from the shadows. It was another to break free from my confining hiding place and fully reveal I was there.
A gasp filled the air, and my heart constricted. I’d done it. I was exposed and there was no going back now. Staring into the face of my Aithne as her eyes grew wider by the second, she must have recognized what I was. It should’ve concerned me, but the only thing I could think or feel was relief.
“Hello.”
One simple word uttered from her lips, and I was lost.

Chapter Two
Aithne

The cool water against my skin felt luxurious. Skimming my hands through the crystal clear liquid, my mind wasn’t on the matter of relaxing or enjoying the last few moments of freedom before I returned to my chores. No, my entire being focused on the man I knew was standing hidden within the tree line.
I knew if I turned all I’d see was the abundant greenery that grew around the village. Farnsworth Forest was as mysterious as it was beautiful and offered my home protection from the marauding thieves who liked to prey on innocent people. Rumors were plentiful—old wives tales about the Fae and how they also shared the woods. Depending on the person, most of the village regarded it as pure nonsense and superstition.
Not me. I believed. I may not have been able to see the man who watched me from a distance, but I could feel him. His stare caused my skin to tingle with awareness. I should feel threatened, scared even, but it excited me.
Dressed only in the light fabric of my simple shift, the sun warmed me and calmed my soul as much as sitting in the shallowness of the cool river soothed the tired ache in my muscles. A daily swim as a reward for the day’s hard work was one of my favorite rituals. But as refreshing as it was, it was soon surpassed by something even more favored.
Him—the male hidden within the shadows. Always watching. Never speaking.
He was the source of many day dreams and the focus of many wild fancies at night. Would he flee if I suddenly stood and searched for him? Or would he come forward and reveal his identity? He was a constant presence in my thoughts, and although I knew he was within reach, something held me back.
Being the object of such scrutiny was an intoxicating feeling. For what seemed like the hundredth time since I first became of aware of him, I prayed he would finally leave the safety of the shade. My mind told me the mysterious observer was just one of the local boys too afraid to approach me. But my heart whispered he was Fae—one of the gentle folk, the Tuatha de Daanan.
Leaning backward on my elbows, I closed my eyes as my head tilted toward the sky. Strands of my hair floated in the water as the sound of the trickling river’s current filled the air. Every now and then a small fish nibbled at my submerged toes and caused me to laugh. All the while, I knew his gaze never left me.
A noise startled me. Darting out of the water, my hands automatically moved in an attempt to maintain some semblance of modesty. I scanned the area looking for the source. Everything was as it should be, but something told me he came.
Not knowing where to look, my senses heightened as I turned around in circles. Goosebumps covered my skin when I suddenly knew where he was. Instinctively I turned and gaped when I finally beheld him, my hands stifling the gasp of surprise. It was as though the world stilled.
He was magnificent, and he was staring at me with such intent. I didn’t think as I uttered the first thing that entered my mind.
“Hello.”
And with that one word I was lost.


I couldn’t take my eyes from him. For all the fantasies I’d indulged in, nothing could’ve prepared me for this. My imagination hadn’t done him justice in the slightest, and my mind worked hard to memorize everything I saw.
He had thick, dark hair the color of midnight which fell just above his shoulders. It looked like he had been raking it back with his hand and it made my fingers itch to feel its texture.
His features were strong and angular with a square jawline. High cheekbones gave him the look of an aristocrat. His skin held the sheen often famed as belonging solely to the Fae. He was beautiful, and I blushed at the female term. There was no other word to describe him because handsome didn’t do him justice.
I beheld his face. His lips were curled slightly in a smile, and I traced my own distractedly. They looked perfect, his bottom lip slightly fuller than the top, and I wondered what it would be like to feel them against my ear whispering sweet nothings.
Finally, I met his contemplative stare, and the sensation of drowning almost consumed me. In the shade of the most pure blue, his eyes spoke so much. There was an Otherworldliness in them, but what captured me was the look of fascination and longing. I wasn’t prepared to see such strength and passion, and I realized I’d stopped breathing. Forcing myself to break his hold over me, I glanced down at the ground and noticed the water lapping at my feet.
“I didn’t mean to startle you.”
His voice. It was like nothing I’d ever heard before, as though an angel had floated down from the sky and began singing the holiest of melodies. It held richness in its tone, and I could feel the seductive influence already beginning to tug at my heart strings.
It was in that moment I realized the truthfullness of the Fae stories and the power they had to enchant humans. Everything about this male lured me in and encouraged wild abandonment. I wanted to fall to the floor and worship him—simply from hearing him speak.
Heaven help me.
“You didn’t. I . . .” For the first time in my life I was speechless, something my Papa thought could never happen. He stepped completely out of the tree line and—as the sun fully illuminated him—I could feel myself faltering. He was beyond my wildest dreams, and all I could do was stare silently as he approached.
Likewise, he examined me with deliberate contemplation. One second he was looking into my eyes, then my lips, then travelling down my neckline before he paused. I knew I needed to retrieve my gown, but my feet were rooted. I couldn’t move even if the hounds of Hell were relentlessly pursuing me.
The stranger stopped just out of arm’s reach. He licked his lips softly, and I found myself leaning forward slightly as if to taste them also. The compulsion was the strangest feeling, but I didn’t fight it. I was too intrigued.
Neither of us said anything as tension filled the air. My body sensed a pull toward him as if the only place it belonged was beside him—against him. I shook my head and tried to clear my thoughts. The action helped momentarily, but one more look into his eyes and the connection snapped back into place.
“My name is Aithne,” I whispered.
“Mine is Hadrian.” He raised his hand and tentatively stroked the side of my cheek. I gasped as his touch left a trail of pleasure in its wake. “I have wanted to do that for a very long time.”
I couldn’t stop the shiver or the way my body leaned into his caress. Somewhere in the back of my mind something screamed of propriety and that I shouldn’t allow such intimacy from a stranger. I closed my eyes, ignoring the voice, and prayed he would continue.
Placing one of his fingers under my chin, Hadrian lifted my face toward him. His gaze was magnetic, and I was at his complete mercy. My own hands were idle and the need to explore became a constant temptation. But he held me captive and all I could do was wait for his lead.
His head inched closer.
“I wonder what you taste like, sweet Aithne. That question has tortured me.”
A butterfly commotion rose in my stomach as the flittering turned my insides into a riot of nerves. He was going to give me my first-ever kiss. My hands rested on my stomach fortifying my resolve as his hands gripped the side of my arms. His thumbs moved in soft circles and caused a faintness to come over me.
Hadrian was so close, his breath fanning lightly over my skin. I watched his descending mouth—his lips. I was a storm of emotions—sensations—as the anticipation grew.
As he pulled me closer I held onto his shirt front and offered a silent plea that my knees wouldn’t fail me. His lips were a mere fraction from mine. All I needed to do was creep up on my tiptoes, and the moment would be complete.
We lingered there, the sound of our breath mingling as our eyes locked. He shifted slightly, and traced a delicate pattern across my cheekbone. “I shouldn’t.” His other arm encircled my waist. “But how can I not?”
My patience snapped as I clenched my fists into the supple material. Proper or not, I wanted to claim what was before me. I needed what was being offered. I prepared to inch upward, determined.
“Aithne?” A voice called, disturbing the magic of the moment.
“No . . . ,” I whispered. A feeling of dismay washed over me as I watched Hadrian step back to see who was approaching. His own features looked uncertain, and I knew in that second he was preparing to disappear. “Please don’t go.”
The desperation in my voice was clear. Whatever was between us, I wasn’t ready for it to be over, and I silenced the frustration rising. I reached out to pull him closer, but he was already retreating. I stumbled forward, imploringly.
“I must. I shouldn’t have revealed myself to begin with.” I caught a glimpse of regret in his eyes—an unsatisfied longing. “There are rules.” Hadrian reached the tree line, his back already submerged in shadow.
The sound of my name being called grew louder and louder until I knew the intruder would soon discover my hiding place. It was happening so fast, and I struggled to find the right words. He appeared reluctant to leave as well, and for a brief instant, I believed he would rejoin me.
“Say you’ll return. Promise me.” A warning flashed inside me. I knew asking anything of the Fae was fraught with danger, but my heart stifled it. I ignored what might be the effects of sorcery and enchantment. I turned away from reason. “Please tell me I’ll see you again.”
Hadrian’s eyes darted over my shoulder, and I knew time was running out. “On the morrow, fair Aithne, I shall find you.” And with that, he was gone.
I stared into the darkened forest trying to find any trace of him. I studied each trunk, every fallen and upended branch—anything that would give me a clue where he went. There was no shimmering afterglow from a portal. No twinkling of Otherworld magic. He had simply been there one instant and vanished the next.
The afternoon suddenly became colder, as the warmth and liveliness I’d previously experienced became a fading memory. A cool breeze nipped at my damp skin and hair, and I finally remembered all I was wearing was a light shift. Knowing I would soon be discovered, I rushed to my discarded gown and began dressing. My fingers worked frantically with the fastenings and all the while, a smile never left my face.
He would return. I had hope.
Once decent, I turned in time to see the petite frame of my dear friend, Dierdre, break through the brush. Even though she’d disturbed my time with Hadrian, the sight of my freckled faced friend filled me with gratitude. We were as close as sisters—practically inseparable and I rushed toward her.
“There you are. I’ve searched everywhere for you. Have you lost track of time?” Dierdre’s deep green eyes flashed with concern.
My brow wrinkled in confusion. “We were to meet?” My encounter with Hadrian had wiped all recollection of previous arrangements, and the memory of our almost kiss made it equally difficult to concentrate.
“Yes, silly!” She tweaked my nose. It was an old habit from our childhood, and one she refused to stop. “We were to go into the village and look for ribbons. The Midsummer Night’s festival draws close, and we want to get the very best from Old Bertha’s selection before that hateful Cora does. We’ve talked of little else!” Dierdre paused. She tilted her head to the side and studied me, her mess of red curls bouncing from the movement. “What has happened, Aithne? It’s not like you to look so . . . addled.”
Excitement bubbled within me. I was anxious to speak of my meeting Hadrian and the feelings it had stirred within me. We had spent many afternoons lying in the grass, staring at the blue sky, and fantasizing about the elusive Fae. If anyone would understand the way my young girlish heart was captured, it would be Deirdre. But something bid me to hold my tongue.
“I think I’ve spent too much time in the sun. Come, let’s go and maybe we can stop by the tavern and convince Fiona to spare us some honey mead.”
I took her arm and fought the urge to take one last, lingering stare. Deirdre’s infectious chatter cleared my mind, and I soon found myself laughing and joining in with the conversation. As we left the privacy of the river bank, I didn’t pause to see whether it was a figment of my imagination or the fading sun that teased me with the shadow of a man.
Until tomorrow, Hadrian, I thought. On the morrow I shall claim my kiss.

Chapter Three
Aithne

My excursion into the village with Dierdre was a success, and I felt like I didn’t have a care in the world. With a light spring in my step, I couldn’t keep the smile from my face as I softly sang a favorite tune. Swaying to and fro with the melody, I added a flourish and twirl when I passed by my father’s office.
The door was closed, but I knew he had a keen ear, and I paused waiting for his voice. Fingering the velvety petals from the wild flowers displayed on the hall table, a fleeting thought of Hadrian entered my mind.
I wonder what kind of plant life blooms in the world of Fae.
“Daughter, is that you?” The question was somewhat of a routine between us, and I offered him my dutiful response.
“Yes, Papa. May I enter?”
“Of course, my dear, of course.”
I pushed open the door and smiled at the sight before me. My father sat behind a simple wooden desk with piles of papers and ledgers scattered before him. As I came to sit in the soft cushioned chair in front of him, he replaced the feathered writing tool in the ink well.
“You look tired. Have you eaten today?” I studied the room closely. I knew there were days he’d get so caught up in whatever business beckoned him he would forget to take his meals. Sure enough, placed to the side of him was a tray of barely touched cheese and bread. “Papa! Did we not talk about this? You cannot work all day without proper nourishment.”
He was wise enough to look bashful as his ink stained fingers removed his glasses and cleaned them with the hem of his shirt. As his only daughter, it fell to me to care for him after my mother passed, and his forgetfulness tested my patience. I adored my father, but scarcely a day went by when I didn’t want to shake him. His repentant expression proved he knew it as well, and acknowledging my worry, he winked. My heart softened, and I began to laugh. “What am I going to do with you? Truly?”
“I don’t know, my dear. I suppose continue to love me and know you will always be needed.” His eyes twinkled as he smiled and rested back in his chair. “I don’t know what I’d do without you, Aithne.”
I leaned forward to brush my hand over his, careful not to disturb the mess on the surface of the desk. I returned to my chair and glanced about, trying to make sense of things.
“So what captured your attention so thoroughly? Are affairs going well?” I didn’t know much about the merchant business only that my father had retired to govern over the accounting aspects of things while my older brother, Owen, managed the physical. Owen was currently abroad bartering for goods, and I missed him terribly. His letters, although few and far between, were always filled with wondrous tales of exotic places and excitement.
“Things are as they should be. I honestly just lost track of time.” My father paused, smiling as he peered over his glasses. “But it seems I’m not the only one with a preoccupied mind. There’s something different about you today. I can see it in your eyes. What adventure have you been on?”
I spoke a little about my successful quest for ribbons and the local gossip I’d overheard. It caused him to laugh, especially as I relayed the never ending antics of young George. In his pursuit to win the hand of Caitlin, one of the tavern workers, he’d accepted the challenge to a drinking competition. An hour and numerous empty tankards later, he’d stood to declare his love and affections only to pass out cold. The tale ended with his snores threatening to loosen the foundations of the building.
“Why does he not just tell her plain and simple?” I asked once my father had stopped chuckling. “I’ve seen how she looks at him. His shyness is for naught.”
“People are peculiar. Sometimes it is difficult to speak from the heart—especially when we fear being turned away. Sooner or later George will run out of ideas, and they will talk. Mark my words.”
I recalled my encounter with Hadrian. Even though he had rendered me speechless, my hope was that I’d always be able to speak what was in my heart. I was determined to make the most of our visit tomorrow. My cheeks flushed with heat as a mental image arose of us kissing—his hands softly touching me.
The response wasn’t missed by my father either.
“That’s an interesting color you have there. Did something else happen while you were out?” He peered at me closely, and I blushed again under his scrutiny. “A boy! A boy has caught your fancy!”
I covered my face, trying to decide how best to answer. I could never tell him about Hadrian, especially the part about him being Fae. It was the one sore point between us—my endless fascination with them and his wish for me to grow up and cast such fairytales aside. I hated telling my father untruths, so I chose to remain silent.
He took my refusal to answer as an invitation to come to his own conclusions. “William. I bet he’s the one that has you tongue-tied and quiet. He’s a fine boy. I approve!” I tried not to jump as his hand slapped down on the desk. I knew who he was referring to, and a memory of the handsome son of the local blacksmith entered my mind.
I’d grown up around William, and he’d quickly become a friend who also loved running in the fields and catching frogs in the muddied ponds. He tagged along with my brother and me when we fished, and helped chase fireflies on warm summer evenings. He’d been one of my truest friends, but as I entered womanhood, things slowly changed. Our closeness went from familiarity to awkwardness and then he began his apprenticeship under his father. We still talked and laughed whenever we saw each other, but it wasn’t the same. The mention of his name now caused a pang of sorrow to move through me. I missed him.
I needed a change of subject, so I arose and retrieved my ribbons. Knowingly, my father didn’t broach the topic of William again, although he offered a smile which caused my face to flush again. He was incorrigible.
“Look what Dierdre and I bought today from Old Bertha.” I held the different colored strands up to my hair to display them. “I’m going to weave them through my braids for the festival. Won’t they look pretty?”
“Not nearly as beautiful as you.” His response came out somewhat choked. “Have you heard anything about whether you are chosen to play Mother Earth in the ceremony?”
“Not yet. The announcement will be made in two days’ time. Deirdre thinks for certain it will be me. What do you think?”
It was a grand honor to be chosen by the mayor, and my heart raced at the thought of it being me. For as long as I can remember, an old druid ritual—the wedding of Mother Earth and the Sun King—was performed at each Midsummer Night’s festival. Tokens were exchanged as a symbol of the turning of the seasons and the meeting of Heaven and Earth. For months, I lay in bed and pondered this night, praying my name would be selected.
“This is your year, Aithne, I just know it. Your mama was the same age when she participated in the rite. It is only fitting you be the same.” His words comforted me, and I was hopeful. 
I came around the desk to place a soft kiss on his whiskered cheek. “And I bet you made a handsome Sun King too, Father.” My parents had been childhood sweethearts, and the night they both performed the ceremony was the night he asked for her hand. No two people loved so deeply and completely as them. It was a story I loved to hear him retell.
“Who knows maybe you’ll meet your future husband. Maybe William?”
I slapped his shoulder. Even though the idea of being wedded to William was appealing, it didn’t stop a flash of Hadrian’s features from replacing the thought. My imagination and belief in all things whimsy governed common sense once again.
“Who knows, Papa?” I headed toward the door, and paused long enough to watch him pick up his papers. “Dinner will be within the hour. Try not to marry me off before then.” I blew him a kiss, and left the room as he softly chuckled.
While I moved through the house and prepared the evening meal, my mind flittered back and forth, and I began to hum.

Chapter Four
Aithne

The day had been a complete drudgery. I silently counted down to the moment I could escape my chores and the watchful eye of my father to meet Hadrian. My once sunny and cheerful disposition dripped of impatience. There were a few times after the noon meal where I was tetchy in my response to others, causing them to raise their eyebrows at me. Meanwhile, that knowing smile returned to my father’s face.
“Make sure you enjoy your afternoon, Aithne. Say hello to whomever you might meet.”
I shook my head at the teasing tone in his voice and quickly grabbed the light shawl hanging by a hook near the front door. All I could think of was Hadrian, and although we hadn’t discussed where we should meet, I soon found myself back at my private retreat—my empty retreat.
I nervously paced, the slightest sound caused me to whirl around and hope it was him. I wrung my hands and chewed on my bottom lip as I recalled the last thing he spoke yesterday. I hadn’t imagined him asking me to return. The surety of the memory caused me to cease in my ambling back and forth. He would come, and with that belief, I allowed myself to relax.
I removed my covering and dropped it on the grass then slowly began to kick off my shoes. The sun reflected on the river’s surface, the sparkling water a temptation. Once barefoot, I skipped over to the edge and with a loud sigh of contentment submerged my feet. I wiggled my toes in delighted at the cool sensation and bent forward to wet my face. It felt like heaven.
Not wanting to get the hem of my gown soaked, I returned to where I’d placed my shawl and picked the wild flowers that grew nearby. My legs folded beside me, I slowly began weaving the stems together to create a simple garland for my hair. Between watching my nimble fingers work and the soft melody I sang, I wasn’t aware of his arrival until his greeting interrupted my work.
“We meet again, fair Aithne.”
The shock of his voice caused me to drop my floral circlet, and I gasped as I looked up at him. He was standing so close, and the brightness of the sun behind him gave the appearance that he was surrounded by a mystical glow. It was almost too much to comprehend—too much beauty to behold. I found myself trying to speak, and I blushed as he chuckled low.
“It seems I’m always startling you. For that I am sorry.” Hadrian crouched and plucked the garland from my lap. “I see you’ve been busy. Here, allow me the honor.”
I bowed forward, and he gently placed it on my head, careful to make sure my hair was tucked behind my ears. He studied me for an instant before a wide smile broke across his angular face.
“Perfect. The flowers rejoice in being able to accent your beauty.”
“That’s a sweet thing to say. Thank you.” I felt myself flush again.
“It is the truth. They have whispered the matter to me. They are greatly pleased,” Hadrian replied. He sat down beside me, cupped his hand around a fallen flower, and raised it to his face. “I am close to nature and hear such things. Being Fae, it is my duty to listen.”
I peered at his palm, saddened to see the state of the blossom. Some of the torn and battered petals were starting to wither, but to my amazement they slowly began to heal. I lifted my head abruptly and stared in wonder at Hadrian as he whispered quietly—the language lyrical in nature. Before I had a chance to comment, he stopped and presented me with the now whole flower.
“How did you do that? Are you magic?” I couldn’t keep the incredulous tone from my voice.
“Magic, yes, but not as you know it. All Fae are in tune with the elements of the Earth, and they are ours to command. We are taught that all life is sacred and should be nurtured and respected. Of course, I cannot speak for all my kind, but it holds true for me. If it is within my means, I strive to always help.”
I stroked the petals, not wanting to let go of the precious gift he’d given. I’d never seen anyone do such a feat, and while my mind was still trying to comprehend it I was filled with a strong sense of whimsy. I giggled as I lifted it to my nose to smell the sweet and perfect fragrance.
“I see I have impressed you. I like that.” Leaning back on his elbow, Hadrian watched me closely. “It’s been a long time since I’ve been able to do that to someone. It’s refreshing.”
“I suppose everyone where you are from can do the same things. It must be such a magical place,” I said, happily.
A dark cloud seemed to pass over his countenance, only to disappear and his calm features return. “Although we each have our own talents and unique traits, yes, there is a lot of similarity. My home is extremely beautiful and I want for nothing, but it lacks the variety I see in abundance here in your world. Things appear more vibrant, enchanting.” Hadrian looked at me with an increased fervency—tantalizing and intoxicating.”
I found myself caught up in his stare, and the noise from our surroundings faded to a dull murmur. “I’ve never thought of it that way. To me, this is all I know.”
As if in slow motion, Hadrian picked up a blade of grass and gingerly began stroking my wrist with it. At first it was up and down lines, but gradually it evolved into slow, full circles. With each passing touch, goose bumps arose on my skin, and a new sensation began stirring in my stomach.
“Have you thought of me since yesterday?” Hadrian bent forward and placed a feathered kiss over my pulse. His mouth brushed over it, his breath warm, and it caused my skin to tingle. He reclined, and smiled as the blade of grass started its teasing again. “Judging from the way your heart is racing, yes." He looked at me, and his eyes smoldered as he whispered. “Aithne, you have been the sole focus of mine—I am bewitched.”
“But I don’t have any magic,” I uttered, my mind split between watching his lips move and the pleasure he was creating with his touch.
“Oh, but you do."
His words roused something within me. I must have worn a look of confusion because he tossed the blade aside and took ahold of my hand with his own.
“Everything about you entices me—a lure I am helpless to resist. Your very being was designed to intoxicate. The moment I first beheld you, I was instantly transfixed. Your hair . . .” He lifted a lock and brought it to his nose, a slight inhalation caused him to sigh. “. . . the color of the midnight sky. It falls and frames your beauty perfectly. There were many times I watched you from afar and wished I could run my fingers through it just once—one time to see if each strand was as silky as I imagined. I dreamed of holding you close— the sweet fragrance of your hair teasing me as it fanned out across my chest.”
Sweeping my tresses to the side so they rested over my shoulder, his finger lightly traced the slender length of my neck.
“Your skin, so clear and fair, holds a glow, and I would conjure up the different ways I would touch it should we ever meet. The pinkness of life is so alluring, but not as much as the crimson blush that spreads on your cheeks each time you feel an intensity of emotion.” I could feel the heat rising, and I bowed my head only to have him tilt it back. “Never hide how you feel, Aithne. It is incredibly appealing to someone who yearns for such truthfulness.”
I was absorbed with him, and I searched his features to see whether he was in earnest. I’d never had anyone speak with me in such an intimate nature, and I found it daunting. Hadrian—one of Tuatha de Daanan—found me beautiful, an idea so incomprehensible. He was one of the Fair Folk. Legends far and wide spoke of their infamous charm and beauty. His words were difficult to believe.
His thumb brushed along my bottom lip and pulled me from my thoughts.
“There is a reddish berry where I’m from whose sweetness and fullness speak of its worth. After a small sampling, I soon declared it was the best I’d ever tasted by far—that is until I met you. I promise one kiss from you will bring shame to the fruit. It would be an experience to savor and cherish. I believe I would become gluttonous—one never being enough to fully satisfy.”
He chuckled softly, his focus intent on my mouth as I quickly moistened my lips.
“If this was all that was magical about you, it dims in comparison to your eyes. Worlds could get lost in them—civilizations. You express so much of who you are through them that I could sit for hours, days, years, and still not know all there is to learn. Surprisingly, they are the perfect shade of green.”
“You definitely have a gift for words, Hadrian,” I murmured, finally able to draw my attention away from his. “Your flattery almost has me believe you.”
Being under such praiseworthy scrutiny, I began to squirm. I did not know where the conversation was leading. I’d heard stories all through my childhood about being wary of the charming Fae, but it hadn’t prepared me for this.
“Why wouldn’t you? I speak only the truth. You claim to hold no magic, and I have merely proven that you do. If you require further proof, give me your hand.”
I settled it in his, and Hadrian turned it upward so my palm faced the sky and placed a light kiss there. Next he held it over his chest, and—keeping it still—I was able to feel the beating of his heart. It intrigued me in its similarity, and I watched in fascination. I soon became aware of a new motion—a slight tremor.
“Do you feel it? Can you not see the effect you have on me? Never in my years have I ever trembled before another. Never have I experienced such anticipation. Mark my word, Aithne, you are powerful beyond measure.”
A sense of empowerment flooded through me. My mother had once spoken of a power women hold over men, but I’d been much too young to comprehend it. She’d smiled at my innocence, and promised me that one day I’d understand. Sitting here with Hadrian, I was beginning to see glimpses of her meaning.
“You make me feel the same,” I gushed. “When I’m with you, I can’t ever seem to catch my breath. Even though it was only yesterday, you are all I can think about, and the thought of never being able to see you drives me close to insanity. I’ve never experienced this. It’s as frightening as it is exhilarating.”
“It is nothing more than Fae glamour. Its very essence can create an addiction with the human soul. If it truly upsets you, I can dim it somewhat but never fully extinguish it. From what I’ve heard, with separation it will gradually fade.”
“Don’t speak of such things!” I exclaimed. A sudden flare of fear caused me to grab ahold of his hands and squeeze tightly. “I know you cannot stay forever, but don’t speak of leaving until you must.” My heart raced, and tears began to form in my eyes. The idea of never seeing Hadrian again was more terrifying than the effects of his nature.
He nodded, keeping claim to my grasp and led me over to the water’s edge. He looked somber for the first time.
“I cannot give you what you want, young Aithne. All I have are moments, but they are yours.”
I watched in silence as Hadrian crouched by the river. His voice, soft as the breeze, whispered a few words. I wasn’t sure what he was doing. His finger trailed back and forth in the water. There was a stirring in the air, a tinkling sound that reminded me of a baby’s lullaby, and my mouth opened in surprise as I saw something appear under his fingertips.
It took form, and slowly, I recognized what it was. I took a step back as Hadrian stood—in his palm was the perfect representation of the violets I’d woven into my garland. The flower was made of the clearest ice, and I looked up at him in awe.
He lifted the small sculpture to his mouth and blew a steady stream of breath onto it. This created the faintest of sparkles to appear, and satisfied with his work, Hadrian offered me the gift. It was exquisitely detailed, and I could feel the coldness as he placed it in my palm.
“So you have something to always remember this day.” He smiled and I struggled for a suitable way to express my emotions.
“This is beautiful, Hadrian. For as long as it remains, I will cherish it.” I was careful in touching it, not wanting the heat from my skin to make it melt too soon.
“I’ve enchanted it with Fae magic. It will forever stay the way it is. There’s no danger of you finding it a puddle of water.”
“But I have nothing to give you in return.”
He stretched forward, plucked a violet from my hair, and raised it between us. “You have. This will remind me of your beauty, and the chance I have had to lay at your feet and listen. I wish time would stand still so I could continue, but the evening draws near and I must go.”
The wind whispered through the trees, and I shivered. I beheld the sky and realized the sun was close to setting. I should hurry if I was to make it in time for supper. But I was torn between knowing I must go home and not wanting this to end.
“We will have more moments, little fire. I’m not yet ready to give you up.”
I blushed over his using the meaning behind my name, and he bowed his farewell. I refused to take my gaze from him as I watched him retreat and fade into the shadows of the woods.
I stood there for a time. The effects of his presence lingered, and I let out a contented sigh. This afternoon was heavenly—more than I’d ever hoped or dreamed for.
A crack of thunder set my heart racing, and I jumped in fright. Large droplets of rain fell, further breaking the spell I was under. Not wanting to catch a cold, I gathered up the material of my gown and ran home.

Chapter Five
William

Stepping out from the tannery, I pocketed my purchase with a pleased smile.
My secret project was almost completed, and I couldn’t wait to see the look on her face when I presented her with it. The gift was nothing fancy, a simple medallion hanging from a leather thong, but I had spent the past month painstakingly crafting it—using the different metalworking skills I’d been honing in my father’s blacksmith shop to make her something worth cherishing.
All that was left was to thread the thin strip through the small hole I’d pierced, and it would hang perfectly around her neck. A sense of pride washed through me at the thought. The only thing that could trump that image would be the entwined band of a wedding ring on her finger.
I shook my head to clear my mind. I was getting ahead of myself. We’re friends who exchange pleasantries whenever we meet, but the familiarity we shared as children has past, and will need to be rekindled. Courtship comes before marriage—and before that, an honest talk with her father. 
I’ve loved her for as long as I’ve breathed, and I’ve been adamant that one day she should be mine. It would all start with this medallion.
As I passed through the village on the way back to the forge, I waved and nodded in greeting to those I met. Many offered well wishes to be sent to my family, and others spoke of needing my services. Business was good, and with my apprenticeship coming to an end, I looked forward to the time I would take over the blacksmith shop.
My father approached me a few nights ago with pride shining in his eyes. He had taken me on as a striker, and I had proven more than competent at wielding the heavy hammer that strikes the heated metal. As time continued, he entrusted me with larger projects and taught me more trade skills. He believed I was ready and he was eager to step aside and allow me to pursue a future—build a life that included a wife and children.
My stomach rumbled loudly from the smell of freshly baked bread and treats from the bakery, and I realized—once again—I’d missed the noon meal. My mother has loved to tease me about the concentrated focus I have and my ability to tune the world out.
“Afternoon, William.” A chorus of voices welcomed me as I approached the small goods display, but one stood out above the others. I took a deep breath and prepared myself for what was to come. I didn’t know when I’d suddenly become the object of Fiona’s flirtations, but sure enough, as I glanced around I noticed her heading toward me.
“Isn’t this a pleasant surprise!” She batted her eyelashes at me, and I tried not to pull away when her fingers stroked my bicep. She gave it a squeeze before dropping her hand. Judging from her look, I wasn’t sure whether she wanted to sample the crusted bread still cooling from the oven or me.
“Hello, Fiona. How is the tavern today?” I asked in an attempt to steer the conversation away from anything personal. Her confidence faltered slightly.
“It’s the same as always. Will you be coming in tonight? We could share a tankard of ale together and you can tell me about your day, maybe enjoy a stroll by the river afterward.” There it was—the hope in her eye—and I covered my mouth to stifle a cough. I did not want to hurt her feelings. I’d made the mistake of flirting with her once, and she’d been relentless in her pursuit ever since. She was a beautiful woman but not the one for me.
“Not tonight. Father has me busy with the Midsummer Night’s preparations. I imagine I’ll be up to the early hours of the morning. But thank you.” I offered her a smile, and watched as she opened her mouth to continue. I was saved from any further attempts by the baker asking for my order. Seeing her chance had disappeared, she quietly excused herself, and I let out a sigh of relief.
As I handed over my coin and turned to leave, my heart suddenly began hammering within my chest. She was here—within arm’s reach—and my mouth went dry.
“William! How are you?” Her eyes twinkled, and her lips curled into a shy smile. There was no denying she was pleased to see me as she looked expectantly at me. I stood there staring, taking in everything about her appearance—the way the wind had tousled her hair, how her cheeks were flushed from activity, and how her dress brought out the color in her eyes. I had never seen anything so beautiful and enchanting. I chuckled when I realized she was awaiting my response.
“I am fine, Aithne. Just getting myself something to eat.” I raised the packaged bread, and she nodded knowingly.
“Missed the midday meal, did you? Again?” 
My ears burned with embarrassment. Evidently, she hadn’t forgotten my habit either. “Yes,” I answered, sheepishly. “Thank goodness my father had me run errands.”
“I’ve always admired that about you, William. You are so dedicated.” She touched my forearm and this time, I didn’t move. The pressure from her hand felt wonderful, and I instantly missed it when she turned to pay for her own purchase. A flush of panic filled me—she would be gone within moments and our meeting over.
“It’s who I am,” I replied, and taking her goods in my arm, I gestured for her to lead the way. We walked side by side, momentarily pausing so Aithne could return someone’s greetings. “How are you doing? Your family?” I asked in an attempt to prolong our visit. “I recently received a letter from Owen and he seems to be thriving. He writes as though he is having the adventure of his life, and I didn’t realize how much I missed him.”
“We are all well, and yes, there’s seldom a time Owen doesn’t have me laughing over the situations he finds himself in. Papa is extremely proud of him, and my brother is well suited to the task. I’m hoping he’ll return home soon. I miss him, too.”
“Maybe we could get together and do something—like we used to. Of course, we can’t do anything too wild.” I grinned, tweaking on her hair. It was funny how easy it was to slip into old behaviors in her presence. “We have reputations to maintain now. Heaven forbid anyone catch you covered in mud with your gown up over your head. Think of the gossip!”
“That was your fault, you brat!” She slapped my shoulder, an indignant look on her face. There was a fire in her eyes, and I laughed as the memory of a fishing trip gone wrong flooded my mind. “I told you I was quite capable of retrieving my pole, but nooooo. Both you and my brother deemed me a frail female.”
I remembered that day, and Aithne had been anything but feeble. In fact, she had been glorious standing there with dirt smudged on her cheek, trying so hard to reel in a stubborn fish. She’d been concentrating so hard, she hadn’t seen her worm pail. Her rod was sent flying into the water as she tripped. Thankfully a fallen log had snagged it farther upstream, and we’d argued over who would climb out to the end and untangle it.
Owen had teased her about it not being lady-like. I just wanted to be her hero and see her smile. I’d watched with baited breath as she carefully tried to balance herself—one foot in front of the other—and had it not been for a sudden gust of wind, she’d have made it. Nothing matched her sharp tongue and fury as we walked home—she soaking wet and muddied and her brother teasing her without mercy.
“Those were good times.” I tried not to laugh but failed miserably and was rewarded by hearing her own. The sound was infectious.
“They were. I’ll make sure to include it in my next letter then. I know we have a lot to catch up on.” The blacksmith shop came into view, and Aithne pointed. “Do you need to get back to work? Am I keeping you?”
“No, you are fine. In fact, I have time enough to walk you home if you’re going that way.” She looked so concerned, and I shocked myself by stroking the side of her cheek with my finger. She stilled—just as stunned—before blushing.
What are you thinking? I thought, berating myself for being so forward. Slowly, William, slowly. Don’t scare her away.
We spent the remainder of the journey reminiscing and exchanging childhood antics and feats of bravery. Some I had forgotten, and the longer we walked, the more I believed that Aithne was the one for me. A plan began to formulate in my mind, and as we neared the turn off to her home, I mustered up my courage.
“Are you excited about the Midsummer Night’s festivities? My father tells me the village has invited a wandering minstrel group to play for everyone. My mother has spoken of nothing else—she even dances around the kitchen when she thinks no one is watching.”
Aithne’s face lit up as she took hold of my hand and squeezed it. “Really? Real musicians?” She took a deep breath, and a faraway look breezed across her face. I could only imagine the kind of whimsical thoughts she was entertaining—of gowns and curtsies, twirling and swaying to the light of the huge bonfires that would be ignited. “It sounds wonderful. Yes, I can’t wait. I wish it were tomorrow!”
“Will you save a dance for me? That is if you’re not busy being the belle of the night as the Mother Earth.” I knew she was hoping to be the girl chosen, and each night as I’d offered up my prayers I had asked for it too.
“Yes, yes, I’ll most certainly reserve one for you.” She leaned in, a twinkle in her eye. “That’s if you’re not busy fending off the advances of Fiona.”
We came to a stop at the stump that marked the walkway to the house. It seemed so natural to lean in and steal a kiss, and I almost fancied she paused as well, tilting her face toward me expectantly. I misjudged the moment though as a crestfallen expression appeared, and Aithne began looking around. At what I didn’t know, but it came across as though she was looking for something and was disappointed in not finding it.
“This is where we part ways,” I said, handing over her package while keeping a firm grip on my own. “Thank you for letting me escort you and for the conversation. Maybe I can call on you some time.” In my mind, it was so I could take her into my arms and pledge my love and devotion to her.
“Always the gentleman, William.” She rose on her tiptoes and placed a soft kiss on my cheek. It reminded me of when she used to do it when we were children. “You are always welcome to visit. Next time make sure you come in and speak with Papa. He often asks after you.”
Nodding, unable to form words, I waved goodbye as Aithne retired to her home. It was an uneventful walk back to the forge—my mind on my plans and the warmth of her kiss.

Chapter Six
Aithne

The sound of birds twittering in their nests and the warm rays of the sun stirred me from restless sleep. In my dreams, I danced and frolicked with Hadrian, enjoying tender moments that caused my heart to race and my breath to hitch. All the while, William watched from the shadows—a look of hunger and longing on his face. The images confused me and left me with an unsettled feeling in the base of my stomach.
I’d been disappointed at not seeing Hadrian the day before. I’d searched and spent many hours in hopeful anticipation of him suddenly appearing to whisk me away. But as the day had given way to night and I was still alone, my heart hurt.
Meeting with William had been an unexpected treat. I’d missed the closeness we’d shared growing up, and I smiled over how easy it was to be with him—to talk, smile, and laugh. Once upon a time I’d fancied he and I were secret lovers and that we’d meet under the moon to exchanged kisses. I’d often hoped one day we would marry and raise a family together, but then things changed—he focused his attentions on his apprenticeship—and time got away from us. Even now, when I saw him talking with Fiona and the way she would casually touch him, a spark of jealousy would kindle. It was something that would never be between us, and I’d resigned myself to the thought.
Thinking of what couldn’t be, Hadrian’s face appeared in my mind. The chance of us having any kind of future together, of having more than whatever it was between us, was impossible. In all my childhood fantasies, I’d assumed there could be a happily-ever-after. But now grown, I knew the realities of it. With no other prospects, I knew it was a risk giving my heart to him, but how could I not? He was everything I’d ever dreamed of and more. The memories would be enough to warm me as the years passed.
Quickly dressing, I entered the kitchen to find my father sitting at the table, slowly eating.
“Morning, daughter, will you break your fast with me?” Donned still in his robe, he hadn’t yet tamed his wily hair, giving him an endearing appearance.
I nodded and tore a piece from the loaf of bread I’d purchased the day before, also adding some cheese and pear slices to my plate. “Did you sleep well?” I asked as I sat across from him. I poured myself a small cup of mead, taking a sip before starting on my meal.
“Like a lamb.” He smiled, as he helped himself to honey that he smeared over his bread slice. “What kind of mischief do you have planned for today?”
“I thought I’d see where my mood takes me, Papa. Let adventure find me.” It was the same answer I’d given him for years, and it caused him to chuckle. He had no doubt if I put my mind to it, I could find trouble. It was just as predictable now, at eighteen, as it was when I was a child.
Snatching up the remainder of my bread, I stood and removed my dishes to the basin. “Maybe I should get started then,” I smiled, excitement beginning to brew. A feeling deep within me whispered I’d be seeing Hadrian today. I kissed the top of my father’s head and squeezed his shoulder gingerly. “Make sure you keep out of trouble too.”
“Oh, my days of tomfoolery are long behind me, I assure you. I’m looking forward to some light reading and perhaps a nap in the afternoon,” he answered, patting his robe carefully. “If I could only find my glasses, that is. Blasted things are never where I expect them.”
I shook my head, and tapped the top of it. Sheepishly, he reached up and plucked the glasses propped up on his brow, and he waved his hand to tell me to leave. My father may have a great mind for business, but sometimes he could be awfully forgetful.
“Love you,” I called out. The weather was perfect, without any clouds in the sky—I couldn’t imagine there being rain—so I left my shawl behind.
“Bring home some more of those sweet buns please, Aithne. I’m harboring a sweet tooth for them.” I closed the door behind me after agreeing that I would. I took in a deep breath as I stood on the doorstep. I had a full day ahead of me—free from chores and responsibilities. It was bursting with possibilities.
I’d taken maybe a few steps when suddenly my world went dark, and I felt someone’s hands cover my eyes. I squealed in surprise, not able to tell who it was.
“Have you missed me, sweet Aithne?” A low, seductive voice whispered in my ear.
My breath hitched as I gasped and turned effortlessly to face Hadrian. His presence struck me. He was just as beautiful as I remembered and wore a smile that sent butterflies fluttering in my stomach. I took in his appearance—from the silky white shirt covered by a deep-green, expertly brocaded waistcoat, to the soft, brown-colored leather pants. His collar ruffled slightly, and gave me a peek at the smooth skin of his chest. I blushed at the sight of the thatch of hair—signaling Hadrian was, no doubt, a man.
“You’re here,” I answered, somewhat breathless. “I looked for you everywhere yesterday, but you never appeared. I feared I’d imagined our encounter by the river. If it hadn’t been for the violet sculpture, I’d have thought it a dream.”
Tracing the side of my face, he looked sorrowful. “I am sorry. Business kept me at home, and there was no chance for me to escape. Believe me, there was no place I’d rather be than with you. In fact, to make up for it, I have planned a surprise. Will you come with me?” He extended his hand and I reached out for it. He led me away into the nearby copse of trees surrounding the house. I hesitated for a moment, not knowing what he wanted.
“Hadrian . . . ?” I questioned.
“Do you trust me?”
There were many reasons why I shouldn’t—the strongest being he was Fae—but my heart answered for me. “Yes.” And I allowed him to pull me amongst the tall trunks. “Where are we going?” 
“You’ll see.”
A strange sensation passed over me—a kind of glimmering pulse—and I was startled to see the familiarity of my childhood home begin to fade away as a new world revealed itself. One moment I had been one place, and now . . . now I was in some kind of mystical paradise—a Fae garden.
I dropped Hadrian’s hand as I took a few exploring steps forward. I couldn’t believe my eyes. I turned about in a circle, feasting on all the different colors, my ears absorbing the assorted sounds and the smell of the blossoming flowers mixing into an intoxicating fragrance.
“Are we where you live? In the Otherworld?” I spoke in the faintest of whispers, not wanting to break the wonder of the occasion. Everywhere I looked appeared more vibrant, more beautiful, with a faint shimmer that made everything twinkle.
“No, this isn’t where I’m from. I’m forbidden to bring humans there—your very natures are unable to contain the magic used to maintain my world. There have been cases where someone has broken that rule, but it has never worked well—the spirit breaks and becomes altered. I care for you too much to subject you to that, no matter how much I wish to show you.” Hadrian spread his arms out wide, a smile on his face. “This is the In Between. A place I created especially for us where you may experience a little of my life without the danger. Does it please you?”
“Oh yes!” I exclaimed, walking to a gathering of bushes and smelling the large flowers in blossom. They were of the most extraordinary red shade, and their fragrance was like a mixture of a rose and concentrated sunshine. It was as if they quivered while I caressed the velvety-soft petals, and I gasped when the closed buds suddenly burst to life. I turned around at the sound of Hadrian’s chuckle. “Did you do that?”
Nodding his head, he waved his arm and the flowerbed to his right exploded into a riot of colors—flowers of every variety springing up from the soil. Many I didn’t recognize, but I couldn’t mistake the bold purple of violets.
“I’ve developed a particularly soft spot for them.” Hadrian murmured, coming to stand beside me. “I’ve filled the palace where I live with them, and it helps ease the time we are apart. Come, follow. There’s more.”
Pausing only to look more closely at the different garden adornments and comment, he led me into an intimate grove surrounded by trees whose branches seem to dip and sway to an imaginary breeze. They added to the feeling of privacy that Hadrian and I were truly removed from the world. Unseen birds chirped, their songs enchanting, and as I entered the grove, small yellow blossoms bloomed on the trees.
In the center, Hadrian had arranged a comfortable sitting area with assorted padding covering the ground, material spread out like a blanket. I lowered myself and was surprised at how easily my body relaxed as I tucked my legs beside me. I felt like a princess surrounded by beauty—utterly and completely enchanted.
“What do you call this place?” I asked, captivated by the way he appeared surrounded by things from his home. “I bet it sounds magical.”
“It has no name, yet.” Hadrian admitted. “I was hoping you would help me with the honor, seeing it was created for you.”
“Really?” My mind began to spin. “How could I possibly think of a word befitting this place?”
“Tell me, what was your first thought when you arrived?”
“I thought I’d gone to Heaven.”
He broke out into a dazzling smile. “Then that’s what it shall be. Forever shall this be called “Neamh.” I tried to repeat the word, only to have him chuckle. “Nee-uv. That is how you say it. You’ve named it well. Anywhere with you is heaven.”
“Am I dreaming?” It was like a fairytale to me. “Will I wake up and find you were just a figment of my imagination? Pinch me!” I stuck out my arm, and he shook his head. I did it myself and flinched at the sharp pain. I was awake, and Hadrian—with his garden—was real.
“How about I show you something? Will that ease your doubts?” He stretched his hand forward, and as I accepted his help, he pulled me to my feet. “Watch.”
He turned his palm skyward and at first, it remained empty. Then there was a faint shimmer before a flower sprouted out of nothing. It was exquisitely shaped, like a funnel with the opening of the bloom folding to expose a golden pollen bud. It was the most delicate color of cream I’d ever seen. The inside sparkled, and I leaned closer to look. Without thinking, I reached out to pick it up and it instantly withered away into nothing.
“Oh, no! What did I do?” I cried, crushed that I’d destroyed something so beautiful.
Hadrian gently shushed me, reforming the blossom in his palm. Carefully, he slid it into my own, and wrapped his hand under mine. Together, we held the delicate creation, and it remained whole.
“You didn’t have the Fae magic to sustain it, but with a little help, see what is possible.”
I perceived no difference—no infusion of magic—but there was a flush of gratitude at being able to share this with him. We stood there within arm’s reach, and I prayed I would always remember this moment.
“It’s incredible.” I whispered, not wanting to let go of it.
“Close your eyes.”
I did as he asked and gasped in dismay as he tightened my hand into a fist. The beauty of the flower was crushed—ruined. I started to protest, but he placed his finger over my lips.
“Just wait.” He murmured some words. “Now look.”
Glancing down at my hand, I slowly unfurled it. I expected to see devastation, and therefore wasn’t prepared for the fluttering of butterflies as they flew into the air. Swirling about, their tiny wings beating, I giggled with all the wonder of a child. They danced about me—some landing on my hair and outstretched hand. I circled about, completely captivated. With wide eyes I turned to Hadrian.
“How did you do that? Change it from one thing to another? How is that even possible?”
“Here, I can do as I wish. It is one of the privileges of being Fae—one that must always be used with respect.”
“Could you do the same in my world?” I was thinking of my ice sculpture.
“No. When I visit there, I must obey the laws nature established. It would take dark magic to do the same as I do here. A penalty would be exacted, one I would never take upon myself.”
He waved his arm and the butterflies vanished, leaving us alone in the garden. I released a yawn, suddenly tired from all the excitement.
“I can’t believe I’m tired. We only just got here and I can barely keep my eyes open.” To my surprise, they became heavy-laden.
“Time affects us differently here. Do you want me to take you home?” Hadrian looked at me concerned.
“Not yet. It’s so peaceful and quiet. I want to stay a little longer. Maybe I should sit.” I made myself comfortable again on the ground, happy when he sat beside me.
“Why don’t you rest your head on my lap? I can tell you stories of my childhood while you relax.” Proving he wouldn’t be argued with, he guided me to lie down. His fingers began stroking my hair, and I closed my eyes. I told myself it was only for a moment, but it didn’t take long for the richness of his voice to swiftly lull me to sleep.
As he later delivered me back home, pausing long enough to bow in farewell, I knew that my heart wasn’t in danger of falling.
It had already fallen.

Chapter Seven
Aithne

The crowd was loud—the village meeting had not yet started. From the looks of things, most had come to see who would be declared the Midsummer Night’s Mother Earth and Sun King, and I couldn’t stop fidgeting. If there was ever a year I was desperate to hear my name called, it was this one.
“Don’t fret, Aithne. I promise you, I woke up this morning with a good feeling. I also found a four leaf clover on my way to your house. See,” Dierdre held it up, and sure enough there were four petals. “Luck is on our side.”
“Let’s hope so,” I replied nervously, my head craned to see who else was here. Sure enough, Cora was preening herself, surrounded by her friends. She caught me staring, and cast me a smug smile. She tossed her blond curls over her shoulder, ready to gloat when her name was called.
“Ignore her, she’s an evil wench.”
“Who’s an evil wench?” I was startled to find William standing beside me, looking to see who we were talking about.
“No one,” I answered.
“Cora,” Dierdre scoffed.
William turned and surveyed the small group of giggling girls. “I wouldn’t worry too much, Aithne. You are by far the prettier choice.” His face flushed slightly before he coughed and stuck his hands in his pockets.
“You will no doubt be asked to play the Sun King this year, William. I bet my lucky pebble on it.” Dierdre gushed. I grinned at my friend—her excitement contagious. To her, everything was magical and held some ability to increase a person’s fortune—the blue ribbon in my hair a testament.
“You keep your treasure.” He chuckled. “I’m quite content to go as myself.”
“Wouldn’t it be romantic if Aithne and you were chosen?”
Both William and I shot embarrassed looks at Deirdre—blushing. I was mortified that he’d been put on the spot, and I didn’t want him to feel he need answer. The look of horror on his face said it all, and I was spared from further comments by the hush that came over the crowd. William also looked relieved. Dierdre remained oblivious.
“We’ll soon find out. Mayor Brimhal is here,” I whispered. I spied the older gentleman passing through the crowd before rising up on the makeshift platform.
Mayor Brimhal, John to those who knew him privately, was an old friend of my father. Many a night they would sit before the fireplace, talk politics, and smoke their pipes until my mother called her husband to bed. Lately they’d taken to fishing, and it warmed my heart to know their friendship continued to be strong.
Village members stopped their chatter—paying respect to the man they’d voted their leader. He was honest, hardworking, fair, and at this very moment, had everyone waiting anxiously for his announcement.
“Welcome, welcome. It’s so good to see so many of you this fine morning.” He regarded the crowd with a proud smile on his face as he patted his side pockets and retrieved a piece of paper. “I won’t waste any of your time and keep you from your labors. How about I tell you who holds this year’s honor?”
“Yes, tell us!” The crowd cried out, and I grinned at Deirdre. It seems we weren’t the only ones excited to find out. I joined in and cheered—my heart racing in my chest.
Lowering his glasses, he cleared his throat. “Mother Earth will be represented by none other than Aithne Gowan.” A cheer erupted as my hand covered my mouth and tears formed in my eyes. Dierdre threw her arms around my neck as she shrieked, and I saw Cora huff indignantly.
Mayor Brimhal waited for the applause to subside, straightened his note, and cleared his throat. “Finally, the Sun King will be . . .” He paused for dramatic effect. “William Dunstan.”
A cry pierced the air as Cora screeched in dismay before storming off. She was closely followed by her gaggle of friends who were desperately trying to comfort her, and I struggled to hide my smile. I knew Cora had coveted the role as Mother Earth, but judging by her reaction, she’d set her sights on the Sun King too. I turned to offer my congratulations to a stunned William. “Seems like we’ll be spending most of the evening festivities together.” I gave him a quick embrace before I was pulled from his arms by an enthusiastic Dierdre.
“I knew it! Didn’t I tell you?”
I kept my gaze on William’s face, watching his stunned look gently fade into a soft smile. His eyes grew wide as though he’d just realized something, and he nodded his head. I was curious about what he was thinking but didn’t get the chance to query him. We were slowly surrounded by friends and fellow villagers—each wanting to give advice and well wishes.
The attention was making me somewhat lightheaded. I was pulled to and fro into different conversations but from the corner of my eye, I swore I saw Hadrian standing separately. No one else noticed him, too caught up in the merriment.
His name touched my lips, and I moved to approach him. The distance between us was too great as the endless stream of people flocked around me. I kept my focus on him, to bid him wait, as I nodded distractedly at the person speaking.
He smiled in return.
“Who are you looking at, Aithne?” Dierdre whispered in my ear, causing me to look away and break eye contact.
“No . . . no one,” I stammered, and I wanted to cry as I looked back to where Hadrian had been standing and found it empty.
She followed the direction of my glance and lightly touched my arm. “That was no mere stranger that has you looking so crestfallen. Who was he? A secret lover you’ve been hiding?” Her last comment came out louder than expected and those standing nearby turned for me to answer.
“Not here,” I replied. I was desperate to discuss a different topic—my heart still pounding over Hadrian. “Come, let’s escape and find somewhere much quieter.”
Not waiting to say goodbye to William, I dragged poor Dierdre behind me. My mind was racing, my emotions in turmoil, and I knew the time for confession had approached. We didn’t stop until we were down at my favorite spot by the river. Finally letting go of her hand, I whirled around to face my dearest friend.
“Please don’t be angry with me. I meant to tell you, truly. I just didn’t know how, and in the beginning I didn’t even know if it was real.” The words came rushing from me, and a wave of relief washed over me as I spoke. “You have no idea how glad I am that you saw him.”
“Who is he? I know he’s not from the village. How did you even meet? Is he someone associated with your brother? He doesn’t look as though he’s from around these parts?” True to form, Deirdre asked question after question, barely pausing long enough to take a breath before firing the next one.
“His name is Hadrian,” I answered. “And he’s Fae.” I watched as a stunned expression covered her face before she tipped back her head and laughed.
“Come now, enough secrets. There’s no need to lie. I won’t tell anyone if that’s your concern.” She stared at me—her mirth instantly faded when she saw I was serious. “Oh, Aithne, I know we used to talk about the Tuatha de Daanan and tell stories of love and romance, but we were children. Surely, you jest.”
“Can you see why I was hesitant to confide anything? I had difficulty enough believing without having to convince you. Dierdre, without doubt, Hadrian is who he says he is. He’s taken me to a place just outside the Otherworld and has shown me all kinds of magic. If that isn’t enough,” I dipped my hand into my pocket to remove further proof, “Here’s the gift he made me.”
I balanced the small flower sculpture in my palm. I still couldn’t stop marveling over the fine details or the memory I held of Hadrian creating it. My breath caught slightly as Deidre lifted it for closer inspection, her own gasp escaping her mouth.
“This is incredible. It’s so perfect.” Her eyes were wide with wonder and she carefully handed it back to me. “How long has this been going on?” She asked, leading me to sit by the water’s edge.
“I have only met him twice, and although we both know nothing more can come from it, I’ve fallen in love. I can’t stop thinking about him and these feelings go beyond any enchantment. I love Hadrian.”
Dierdre appeared to ponder my words, shaking her head gently. “I’d noticed a change in you the past few days, but in all honestly, I’d hoped it was because of William.”
“William? What does he have to do with this?” I asked bewildered.
“Aithne, the boy wears his heart on his sleeve for you. I’ve been waiting for him to gather enough courage and finally ask to court you. You don’t know?”
I bent my head, covering my face with my hands. William was in love with me? How had I not noticed?
“Please don’t tell me anymore. Please.” I groaned.
“What’s the matter? This should be an easy choice. No matter how intriguing you may find this Hadrian, you yourself just said nothing can come from it. He is Fae and you are human. William—someone you have known from childhood—will make his move, and I know he can make you happy.”
“But I don’t want to choose.” I knew how horribly selfish it sounded, but the thought of making a choice created a sense of panic within me. “I know William would be the wiser of the two, and I have loved him. But my heart can’t let go of Hadrian—not yet.”
“Maybe it’s time to grow up,” my friend added softly. There was no cruelty in her words, no anger. I knew what lay within her heart, and I looked up at her with tears in my eyes.
“Must I? Is there no other way?”
She chuckled and pulled me into a tight embrace. “To be caught between two beaus and not know where your love should be placed. Don’t fret. A decision doesn’t have to be made right this minute. Just be careful. There may be more than just your heart at stake here.”
I took hold of her words and carried them with me as we moved on to lighter subjects. Soon we were deep in conversation about the upcoming festivities and my role as Mother Earth. We avoided the subject of William as the Sun King, although I imagined she had to bite her tongue several times to refrain from bringing it up.
I saw no more of Hadrian, even on the way home later that afternoon. To say I was confused was an understatement, but I took comfort in knowing that—at least for today—I was free to follow wherever whim and fancy would lead me.

Chapter Eight
Aithne

Lying in my bed, staring up at the ceiling, I was restless. The events of the day kept churning around in my mind, and I couldn’t get comfortable no matter how hard I tossed and turned. There was a pressure dwelling within my chest—an incessant need to see Hadrian that I couldn’t quiet.
Throwing caution to the wind, I quickly dressed and crept through the house. I had never snuck out after dark before, but it was as if I was possessed by a rebellious spirit and my actions were not my own. I didn’t know where I was going—only that somewhere out there was Hadrian and I wouldn’t rest until I heard his voice.
Softly I closed the door behind me and ran toward the village. It felt as though the heavens were aiding me as the glow from the moon and stars helped guide my path. Everything about me was still with most of the homes darkened as people retired to bed. I was careful to make as little noise as possible, not wanting to awaken anyone and be escorted home.
I cut through the village center and took the trail that led toward the river. Shadows that would once scare me were ignored—I didn’t have time to be afraid. I didn’t jump at the sudden hooting of owls or the various night creatures moving about in search of food. The closer I got to my destination, the clearer things became. Something was drawing me there. He would be waiting.
Disappointment crashed over me when I found the spot empty. I was completely alone, and the beauty of the moonlight reflecting in the still water was lost on me. Tears formed in my eyes, as a voice in my mind told me I would never see my Hadrian again. Maybe that’s why he had come earlier, to say goodbye. The thought was devastating.
A crashing sound came from behind me, filling me with hope. I whirled around, ready to throw myself at him and tell him how much I’d missed him. But it wasn’t Hadrian. It was William. I stepped back—my knees weakened by my distress—and struggled to compose myself.
What is wrong with me? I wondered. I did not like how consumed I’d become and how quickly the frantic feeling had taken over. My hands trembled and as William approached, I hid them within the folds of my gown.
“Evening, William,” I said, not meeting his curious scrutiny.
“Evening, Aithne.” He glanced about, a look of confusion on his face. “Why are you here? I thought something might be the matter when you rushed by without stopping. Are you alone?”
His last word reverberated inside my mind. Alone. I was alone. It was folly to think that anything could ever happen with Hadrian—nothing more than the foolish imaginings of a childish heart. But even my thoughts betrayed me, calling me a liar. I was in love.
“I am. I . . . I couldn’t sleep so I decided a walk by the river might soothe me,” I stammered, hoping he would accept my excuse.
“But it’s late. This is not the time to be by yourself. The woods are teeming with all kinds of danger.” His voice sounded concerned, and he took a step closer. “You could be hurt, Aithne. Does your father, at least, know where you are?”
I glanced over at the woods, the action causing pain to lance through me. Yes, the woods were filled with all kinds of things—danger and magic. At this very moment I was in more danger of receiving a broken heart than having my throat slit by a bandit.
“He doesn’t. I didn’t wish to wake him, and I thought I wouldn’t be gone long.” I wrapped my arms around myself, suddenly feeling the chill in the air. Instantly, William was shrugging out of his coat and placing it around my shoulders.
“You’re shivering. You didn’t even wear a coat. Where is your head? This is unlike you?” His last words were soft and full of concern. I couldn’t stop myself from trembling now that I had started. William pulled me into his warm embrace and the shivering receded.
I nestled into his arms, placed my head against his chest, and for the first time this evening was content. I’d forgotten the kind of security William induced when he held me—the reassurance and protection he offered. I grabbed hold of his shirt front, tightened my fists, and took deep breaths.
“There, there. What’s wrong?” His hand brushed the back of my head, his fingers trailed in my hair, and I relaxed against him. William had always been a patient listener, but the turmoil I was feeling wasn’t something I could share.
Gathering myself, I slowly broke free from his arms and felt foolish for my display of emotions. “I’m fine. I guess the events of the day have finally caught up with me. I realize how reckless I was coming here, and that’s no relief either. I don’t think sometimes. I get an idea in my head and away I go.” I shook my head and studied the ground.
“I happen to find that an endearing quality of yours, Aithne. Its proof of the remarkable spirit you have. I’ve always admired it.” Using his hand to tilt my chin back, William’s eyes looked deep into mine. “Are things so bad you couldn’t confide in a friend?”
I should’ve known he wouldn’t be so easily distracted. “Truly, I am fine. Thank you though. I’m glad you are here.”
He looked uncertain still like more questions were on the tip of his tongue, begging to be asked. I refused to look away this time, and he finally nodded. “Would you mind if I joined you? Unless you want to go home and then I insist I escort you there.”
I peered into the shadows of the wood, finding nothing. Something told me I should return to my bed, but I found myself walking along the water’s edge. “Please stay. I’m not ready to go just yet.”
I bent down, moving my fingers through the slow moving water, delighted to find it wasn’t as cold as I expected. Cupping my hand, I scooped up the liquid, and watched as it trickled refreshingly down. I raised another palmful and took a drink. The coolness helped clear my mind.
“So what were you doing up so late, William?” Feeling more myself, I turned to my friend and caught him staring. “Going for a late night rendezvous?” I knew I was teasing him, but once the words escaped my mouth, it didn’t sit well. I realized I didn’t want him out with another girl doing things best hidden in darkness.
Shame filled me. I was a hypocrite of the worst kind. I’d come out for the same reason, yet didn’t like knowing he might be doing it also. A friend never begrudges another from finding moments of happiness, and it confused me when I discovered I was also feeling something else—jealousy.
He didn’t answer me at first, searching the ground for flat stones to skim across the river surface. I found myself studying the way his body moved. I imagined the muscles now covered by clothes. He held strength and agility, which he further proved by throwing the rocks one after another.
I didn’t know if it was just the mood I was in or the moonlight, but as I studied his features I was struck by how truly handsome he was—short, dark hair the color of charcoal, his face similar to my brothers (square jaw line and defined cheekbones), full mouth and prominent nose. He had a dimple on the right side of his cheek, and when he smiled, it would appear to tease me.
 It was his eyes that I favored most, however—like the deepest blue of the ocean, framed with long lashes. I had spent endless hours daydreaming about a time they would look to me and light up with love. I’d been so infatuated. I actually stumbled upon him sleeping once, and attempted to count each eyelash. Those days seemed like a lifetime ago.
At last he answered and his voice was clear over the night air. “I was returning home after a late night at the forge. I was trying to finish the last of my orders before the festival. Father agreed to close the shop for two days, so I wanted to be prepared.”
We returned to a comfortable silence—the only noise the plopping of a thrown rock as it bounced across the water and down to the bottom of the riverbed. As I gazed up at the stars—looking for my favorite constellations—I let out a sigh.
“Aithne?”
Minutes had passed, and I turned my attention to William, who had stopped his activity and was staring out into the darkness. “Yes?”
“Have you ever thought of your future?” His question came out softly, as if he hadn’t meant to speak.
I paused for a moment, not knowing how to answer him. “Sometimes. I mean . . . I imagine one day I will marry and have children. Is that what you mean?” A sensation fluttered in my stomach. It was light enough for me to see him nod his head. “Have you?”
“Yes.” That was all he said and silence resumed.
When I couldn’t stand it any longer, I walked over to join him. “And?”
Facing me, his eyes swept over my face. “I want it all. A wife and a home filled with happy, healthy children. I want to spend each day at the forge, using my hands to help others, and spend each night in the arms of the one I love the most. I want to grow old together and collect a lifetime full of memories.” His words pierced me—they were everything I wanted also.
“It seems like you’ve thought a lot about it,” I murmured.
“I’ve thought of nothing else. I even know who my someone is.” The earnestness of his face burned as he took hold of my arms, his thumbs brushing up and down against the material of his coat. “Ask me who, Aithne.” His voice was low, and I found myself desperate to hear him speak my name, even though I knew I shouldn’t.
“Who?” I asked, somewhat breathless and I caught myself leaning in.
“You.” With that one word, William pulled me in close and crushed his mouth against mine.
I wasn’t prepared for the way my arms automatically moved and wrapped around his neck, or how my lips parted for him. Everything about this was new—my first kiss—and it stirred up a storm I didn’t think I would survive.
There was an instant connection, and I could feel myself relaxing against his body. I’d always thought my first time would be an awkward bumping of noses before a more uncomfortable peck. There was none of that with William. He was gentle, tenderly holding my face to his, and our kiss was more than I could have ever imagined.
His lips were so soft, and I shivered when he pulled back and brushed them slowly over mine before applying more pressure. A tingle started in the pit of my stomach, causing my toes to curl in my slippers, and when it was done I stood there with my eyes closed—savoring it.
My chest thudded, and I was slightly light headed. I didn’t quite know why it had happened, but I was grateful it had. If these were the emotions and feelings that came from kissing, I would happily spend the rest of my life doing it.
“You have no idea how long I’ve wanted to do that,” William finally spoke. He caressed the side of my face as he tucked a stray strand of hair behind my ear. Still caught up in the kiss, I didn’t reply. I couldn’t.
He must’ve taken my silence as my being upset, because the look of wonder on his face was immediately replaced with one of regret.
“I am sorry, Aithne. I don’t know what I was thinking. This wasn’t how I had it planned. You just looked so beautiful with the moonlight shining on your hair and I couldn’t resist.”
I opened my mouth to tell him he didn’t need to apologize, that for a first kiss it had been perfect, but he placed his finger over my mouth, silencing me.
“No, you don’t need to answer. Just let me say something and then I’ll take you home. There is nothing more I want in this world than to be with you. I plan on asking your father for your hand, marrying you, and then spending the rest of my life making sure you are nothing but safe and blissfully happy. I can do that, Aithne. With everything I am, I promise you will never want for anything. Just give me a chance to prove that. Not with stolen kisses in the dark. Let me court you.” I stared into his eyes and found sincerity blazing there. “Just think about it, and when you’re ready, come find me.”
I nodded my head, stunned by his impassioned speech. Deirdre had been right about William and I wondered how I’d never seen it. It caused the division in my mind and heart to crack further—Hadrian, a fantasy come to life, or William, the childhood friend I’d also daydreamed about.
He led me home. The journey was over in a heartbeat, and we were quiet as I handed him back his coat. So much had happened between us tonight; things had changed, and I prayed I would be able to untangle how I was feeling. The last thing I wanted was for him to be hurt.
I stood at the door and watched him turn to leave; only, he stopped and faced me.
“Aithne?”
“Yes?”
I was wrong. I’m not sorry—maybe for rushing things—but never for that kiss. I just wanted you to know that. Goodnight.”
And with that admission, he was gone.

Chapter Nine
Hadrian

I sensed her before I could see her.
My heartbeat began racing and a smile spread wide across my face. She’d come to our spot searching for me, and as I moved between worlds, I couldn’t deny the excitement of seeing her again. This morning’s glimpse had been over too soon—my impatience clouding my better judgment to resist revealing my presence before others.
As the familiarity of my home faded away to her green forest, I took a few steps forward, eager to touch her. I was invigorated. A tingling sensation I was becoming more and more accustomed to pulsed through me. There was something about being here with Aithne that was unlike anything I’d ever experienced in my existence. I craved it. I never wanted to let it go.
The branches withdrew as I passed through—the small wild flowers bowing their heads in respect, and I waved my hand gently. Fae magic diffused into the air, granting each plant and blossom an increase in strength and vitality. With each footstep the grass grew greener and sweet fragrances danced and swirled about. It was perfect.
Just before I broke away from the copse of trees and appeared in my beloved’s view, a voice pierced my heart. It was hers—the soft melody in each inflection unmistakable. I wondered what she was doing. Was she speaking to me, waiting for me to respond? Disappointment, followed closely by anger, crashed around me as I heard a second person speak—a male.
Indecision warred within me. Do I barge into the clearing and demand to know why she was there alone with another? Or do I wait and watch, hoping it’s an innocent exchange and nothing to be alarmed over? An even stronger part of me cried to go claim her as mine, and chase away anyone else who may have designs for her.
My head told me bluntly that it didn’t matter—I was to enjoy a small, brief dalliance before settling back into my Fae lifestyle. Human matters were of little concern. But my heart, it whispered all kinds of forbidden things—of love and fantasies where I could keep Aithne by my side forever. Love was a different concept for the Fae, but surely it would be enough.
I stood in the shadows and watched, caution winning over. Studying the features of the male, I could tell he was somewhat older than Aithne and there was great affection between them. They were friends, but the words he uttered—this William—he wanted more, much more than mere camaraderie. He wanted the kind of love sung by minstrels, and a life filled with happiness and fulfillment. He wanted these things with my Aithne.
A feeling stirred—flared even—within my chest, and I found my fists clenched at my side. The more I listened, the stronger the urge to burst into the open and fight the human. These were promises and words I wished to speak, to offer. This was a life I wanted, with all the pretty embellishments, smiles and laughter. His dreams were possible—mine a fleeting hope.
I willed Aithne to reject him, utter my name, and tell this William that her heart belonged to another but she didn’t. I watched the silence between them, feeling distraught over the sexual attraction I could sense from where I stood. There was something between them—something stronger than anything I had or could create with Fae enchantment. A bond. And in that moment, I loathed it with everything inside me. She was mine.
When he kissed her—when he dared claim the one thing I’d yet done for myself—the branch I’d been holding onto snapped. I hoped it would break their fixation and shatter the hold he had over her and cause her to look for me. But they were oblivious—all but for each other. I wanted to leave, but my feet were anchored to the ground. A voice murmured in my mind that this was a sign it was time to move on and forget her. I ignored it.
“It’s jealousy you feel, my son. Nothing good can come from it.”
I didn’t turn to look at my mother, my Queen, as she came and stood beside me. I was obsessed with the sight of Aithne wrapped in another man’s arms, and receiving what should have been our first kiss.
“It’s unlike anything I’ve ever experienced. Jealousy I know, this . . . this burns inside. It consumes me like a painful wildfire.” I didn’t sound myself when I answered.
Her hand came to rest on my forearm, rings sparkling as they caught the reflection of the moonlight. Although she was renowned for her strength and ruthlessness in leading and protecting her people, my mother’s touch was gentle—compassionate.
“This is because your heart has become invested. It is no mere accolade or possession you desire here. This human female has enchanted you, and unless you release her now, my son, she will be your undoing.” There was such pity in her voice, and I noted something else . . . a knowing.
“What do you know of this? My Aithne would never destroy me,” I retorted, angrily.
“Oh, but she has already begun. She may not seek to harm you, her heart just as intrigued and enticed. But mark my words, the two of you can never have what you seek.” She pointed to where Aithne had once stood, now being led away by the human male. I moved to follow, but was stopped by the firm grip of my mother. “Let her go, Hadrian. Longing for something you can never truly hold will drive you mad.” Stepping around me and placing her hand on my cheek, she whispered. “I do not want to lose you also. Please.”
I’d never heard her plea like that before with soft desperation. Demand and compel, yes, but never with a sincere earnestness that I saw blazing from her eyes.
“Is there no way I can keep her? No hidden secret, spell, or favor you can call upon? Surely as the Queen, someone with that kind of power must be beholden to you. As my mother . . .” I couldn’t bring myself to finish the sentence. I was helpless and it was an uncomfortable sentiment.
“You are one of my most beloved. If I could give this to you, I would. But even some things are beyond me. There are reasons why the Fae and humans can’t join—the suffering of both, far outweighs any momentary pleasure. You would wither into nothing if you chose to forsake your home. And bringing Aithne into our world with all its magic and enchantments would quickly reduce her to a slave. It cannot be, no matter how much you wish for it, and the resulting heartache is not what I want for you. It would crush you.”
“How do you know what it would do? How do you know my heart? You’ve raised me to be strong and formidable. How do you know I can’t find a way—even when others have failed?”
“Because, my son, I have tried. I too loved a human and thought I could keep him. I defied the counsel of those around me, brought him into Fae and then watched it destroy everything I loved about the man I thought I couldn’t live without.” Her admission caused me to face her. The haunted look in her countenance told me she spoke the truth.
“Who was he? Why have I never heard of this?” I watched the appearance of pain flood her eyes, and without a word I knew who this human was. “My father.” The mention of him robbed me of breath as confusion filled me.
“Please don’t fault me for not telling you the truth,” she pleaded, and her hand reached out to touch me. This was a side of my mother I rarely saw—uncertain and hesitant.
“All this time, you had me believe my father was a valiant Fae, killed on the battlefield defending our people. You told me story after story of his honor and how I reminded you of him. It fashioned a deep bond between Favian and I, knowing we shared the same father. Are you in truth telling me these were all lies, and that I’m merely the result of your own fling?” I looked at her incredulously—anger mingled in my words. My parentage had been a steady source of pride and in a second, one declaration had caused it to unravel.
“No!” Her response was loud and fierce. “No, never doubt I truly loved your father. I would’ve given anything to be with him, to have him with me still. He was my world and I was his. It was no mere fling but a love so strong and pure—I thought I would die when I lost him. My arrogance and inability to do what was right robbed me of the only man I’ve ever wanted. I might not have been truthful with you. I might have wanted to protect you from the gossip and maliciousness of others. But know this—you would’ve been proud to claim him.”
“What was his name?”
“Bowen,” she answered. “You remind me so much of him. Not just in appearance but in temperament. It was he who gave you your name. We had just learned I was pregnant, and then . . . then he became lost.” My mother looked so small in that moment, and I stretched out my arms, pulling her into my embrace. I patted her gently on the back, my fingers flowing over the fine silk of her gown, and I caught a sense of all she’d been through.
“So there truly is no other choice but to say goodbye,” I whispered.
“No. Enjoy whatever time you have, but you cannot continue.” She moved to stare up into my face. “How I prayed I could spare you from this kind of anguish. Come home with me now, Hadrian. Leave this behind and if needs be, I will scour all of Fae for another to capture your heart. Soon this will be just a memory.”
“Like my father is?” Shame filled me as my mother paled.
She let out a sigh and stepped away from me. I looked on as she regained her regal composure. So much had been uncovered here tonight—so many questions still left unasked.
“Do you regret him?” I paused with baited breath for her response. I was sure there would be many future discussions, but the need to know blazed strong within me. I could wait for other details—this I couldn’t.
“How could I when loving him brought me you.” Cradling my cheek, her skin was soft against mine. “But yes, I do regret losing him. My selfishness cost me and robbed you. It was a price too high to pay. Say goodbye . . . before it’s too late.”
I said nothing more, and did not move to follow as my mother crossed back over to the Fae Palace. I don’t know how long I stood there in silence. A war of emotions battled inside me. I was torn between obeying her request and the defiance of my heart declaring that this time was different. I was a royal, and I slumped as I recognized the arrogant pride of my thoughts.
I turned to stare where I’d last seen my Aithne. Surely my love for her could protect her, provide her a different fate from those who’d gone before. I wouldn’t know unless I tried, but would the risk be worth it?
With a heavy heart, I finally turned to travel home. As the night sky began to lighten and the woods around me began to stir back to life, my last thought almost broke me.
How could I ever let her go?

Chapter Ten
Aithne

In my dreams they haunted me—each one beckoning me to choose them, longing and hunger filled their eyes. The events of the past few days had left me completely torn, and I wasn’t surprised my pillow was wet from tears.
My heart was heavy as residual emotions churned within me. Confused, I dressed quickly and headed to the one place I knew I could find some semblance of peace—my mother’s grave.
My slippered feet flew over the ground as I was drawn to the small marker Papa and Owen had created for her. Even though she’d been gone several years, the pain of missing her—not seeing her—still hurt. The hole that was left especially ached during moments like this. She would have counseled me in the matters of the heart, and even though she wasn’t here, she remained one of my truest confidantes.
I picked a few wild flowers and continued on. My spirit lifted as I approached her final resting place. Walking reverently, I slowed my pace, knelt before her, and wiped away the fallen debris that had collected around the wooden cross.
It was simple, but had been crafted with absolute love. I remember watching while my father and brother exchanged favored memories as they had built it and then worked on carving a small name plate. Never had I doubted my mother was devoted to her family, and by the time they were finished creating the grave marker, more tears and laughter had been shared. 
My fingers trailed over her name—Sorcha Gowan. I closed my eyes, trying to recall how it sounded when we called her and she responded. It was barely a whisper now, and my heart hurt realizing the time would soon come when I wouldn’t remember. I reminded myself that I would always know how it made me feel, but it still filled me with a flitter of panic. I didn’t want to lose that part of her.
“Morning, Mama,” I spoke with a low voice. Removing the old flowers, I arranged the freshly picked ones so it looked like spring had chosen this one spot to bless with its beauty. I’d made sure I’d selected her favorites, and I imagined her being able to smell their sweet fragrance up in Heaven. “There’s so much to tell you. I wish you were here.”
I drew both Hadrian and William to my mind which brought the tangled mess of feelings my dream created. What had seemed like a fantasy come true—an adventure at first—had soon become a nightmare. Two men held my heart in their hands, and I did not know which choice was correct.
“I’m in love, but it isn’t like you think. I scarcely know how it occurred—things like this don’t happen—but I find myself torn between the affections of both a Fae and a childhood friend. For the first time in my life I cannot determine which path I should follow—the fulfillment of a young girl’s fairytale fantasy, or a future that will be filled with love and promise. The deeper I fall, the more fickle I feel. I know a decision must be made before someone gets hurt and I try—truly—but then something happens. A touch or glance from either one and I’m confused again. I wish you were here, Mama. Show me what to do.”
Tears fell gently as I stared pleadingly at the sky. If only I could reach up, pluck her from the heavens, and bring her back to me. It wasn’t fair she was there—hidden—when I desperately needed her counsel. Even though there have been many instances where I’ve missed her, this morning I noticed her absence more keenly.
In the beginning I used to come here daily, bringing a new bargain to offer God if he’d return my beloved mother. I would sit dawn to dusk, baring my soul until my eyes drooped in exhaustion, and my father would send Owen to fetch me. Weeks turned to months and still she remained in the world of spirits. Those childlike pleas resurfaced in my thoughts and my tears turned to sobs.
Whether it was my own imaginings or a small parting of the veil, her voice sounded as though it floated across the air, carried by a gentle breeze. Tell me of these men.
I smiled and picked up one of the flowers. I twirled it between my fingers as I responded to her invitation. “Both of them are so unlike, and they stir up different feelings within me. I met Hadrian down at my favorite spot by the river, and the moment I saw him, I was captivated. Even though he’s Fae, and any love we feel is forbidden, I can’t help it. Each second we’re apart eats away at me. He fills my thoughts and dreams, and when he whispers there can be no future for us . . . I feel like I may die. Enchantment or not, I need him and find myself imagining ways for us to be together always. It would be simple, so very simple. But then came William.”
I let out a sigh as I was flooded by memory after memory of him. He, who had at first started as a friend and childhood confidante, was now much more. My feelings were more than a crush, I knew William stirred something within me, and my heart had easily fallen for him. He was everything a girl could ever want, and had it not been for Hadrian, my decision would be easy. I would throw myself at him, hold on tight, and follow him for the rest of my life. Loving William and being his wife would fill me with such joy. As I let out a wistful sigh, an image came unbidden to my mind—his eyes stared into mine, his countenance filled with emotion. 
As I quickly spoke of the endless possibilities life had to offer with him, it made the choice easier. Hadrian could give me brief moments, but William would give me a lifetime. I chided myself for how blind I was and how easily I’d allowed fantasy to overrule my common sense. But one thought of Hadrian’s smile and the wonder I experienced as I watched him reveal his magic, and I was thrown back into the endless cycle of uncertainty.
“What would you choose? The future you'd always dreamed of? Or your childhood fantasies brought to life?” I whispered.
I listened for her answer on the breeze, but heard nothing. I stared at the sky, hoping some kind of sign would appear, but the clouds still kept their secrets. I was all alone.
“Oh, Mama,” I cried, wiping away the steady flow of tears, as a certainty hit me. The decision was solely mine, and no amount of questions would change what I knew was true. My heart held the answers. I just needed the courage to uncover and follow it.
The cropping of trees drew my attention as I looked about. Standing, I brushed the grass from my gown and walked toward it, searching. I knew Hadrian could appear anywhere—was he there now, watching? Waiting?
Suddenly I needed to see him, and I ran the remaining distance. Everything made sense when he was near me, and I called his name as I weaved through the trunks.
“Hadrian, where are you? Please, if you’re here, show yourself?”
Stopping, I turned, scanning the area for the first glimpse of him. Nothing.
“Please!” I cried out louder. “I’m so confused!”
I darted to different trees, peering around them, expecting to see his beautiful face staring back at me. I longed to find myself trapped in his strong embrace as he chuckled, enjoying our small game of hide and seek. No matter how hard I searched, he wasn’t here.
Gathering up the fabric of my dress, I ran as though the gates of Hell had opened, releasing beasts determined to devour me if they caught me. I raced away from my mother, thoughtlessly, and allowed my feet to determine the destination.
All the while, I studied each tree, every entrance to Farnsworth Forest for him. Silently I prayed that when I got to wherever I was heading, my answer would be awaiting me. The inner turmoil was becoming too much, and my breaking point quickly approached. I contemplated the idea of simply running until I was far away from both of them—giving up my chance to find happiness with either—but I dismissed the thought. I knew I was too far gone. In that moment, all I saw was heartache in my future.
I found myself on a path I recognized. I passed the landmarks daily on my way to the river. My heart lightened and then dropped as I continued on past the turnoff that would lead me to Hadrian. My feet refused to stop until they finally brought me to my journey’s end.
I blinked as I surveyed my surroundings. This was not at all what I’d expected. Flittering sensations started in my stomach and rapidly spread to my chest as the butterflies began their dance.
I stood outside the blacksmith forge, the heat from inside radiated out, caressing my skin. I could hear the steady pounding of the hammer on metal, and I crossed the remaining distance without thinking. Entering the building, my gaze found William’s surprised one.
I couldn’t turn away as I watched him put down his project and wipe his hands on the side of his trousers. Not knowing how to explain my sudden appearance, I turned to flee, but the sound of my name stopped me. Just one word and I was lost again.

Chapter Eleven
Aithne

Slowly I turned around and came face to face with William—his nearness sent a shiver coursing through my body. Regardless of my state of confusion, there was no denying the chemistry and attraction between us.
I glanced around as I attempted to compose myself. In all honesty, I had expected to find Hadrian, but it appeared my heart and mind had conspired against me. Not that I was complaining. Just being in William’s presence was enough to stir emotion and addle my thinking. Two men—two responses, I was definitely in trouble.
“Were you looking for my father?” His question crossed the distance, and even his rich baritone was alluring. It struck me that I never realized how truly seductive his voice was until this moment, and part of me would’ve been content to spend the rest of the day just listening to him speak.
I shook my head. Not able to answer, my eyes finally rested back on him.
“You came looking for me?”
I ignored his question and moved farther into the establishment. It had been a while since I’d been here—the last being when William’s father had given him the striker’s apprenticeship. I would sit and watch for hours as he helped swing the large hammer, pounding down on the fired metal as his father held it over an anvil. I had been intrigued how patiently he found the best places to strike the hot iron. I’d also tried to resist staring at the way his muscles rippled—flexing with each movement. It was one of the first instances when I realized my friend was turning from a boy into a man.
“What are you working on today?” I inched toward the pit of coals where William had been standing, careful not to get too close lest the heat or flame catch my garments on fire. A fine sheen of sweat glistened over my skin, and I wondered how he was able to stand such temperatures each day. It made me appreciate the coolness of the river and my daily visits there.
“Just a few odds and ends,” He looked as though he wanted to say more, his head slightly tilted sideways as he studied me. I tried not to squirm under his scrutiny, relieved when he finally turned away. “Would you like to watch as I make a horse shoe?” His eyes lit up, the reflection of the small flames amongst the coal danced over his soot-smudged skin.
“Isn’t that the farrier’s job?” I questioned.
“It is, but John’s mother has fallen ill, and he’s had to go stay with her through her recovery. Instead of closing up his store and losing business, my father stepped in and offered my services. Most of the work has already been done—I’m just assisting with the remainder.” Shrugging, William bent over a pile of steel bars and choosing one, brought it back to his work station. “I love working with my hands—working with metal—so I was happy to oblige. Plus I have the skills.” He pointed to a small bench seat. 
I quietly sat as he picked up a blackened pair of tongs and stuck the bar into the fiery coals. Pulling it out to check whether the material was ready, he grinned at me then slid it back in.
“I need to wait until it’s a yellowy-orange color before I start striking it. That’s the best temperature, and it’ll help make the final product stronger.” Judging the appearance again, he removed it from the coals and placed part of it on the anvil. Even though I’d been expecting the hit, I jumped at the force behind the hammer as William quickly began pounding. “I can’t dally when the steel is ready. Each moment out of the fire, it’s cooling.” He yelled his actions over the noise.
The process involved a lot of repetition—heating and striking, bending and filing—but it wasn’t long before my attention strayed. It was impossible to keep focused on the creation when my eyes kept straying to the creator.
William was magnificent.
I knew that some time during the day he’d been wearing his custom linen shirt, the discarded clothing now hanging from a hook by the door. He was bare-chested—his skin golden, a fine crop of hair dusted over his chest—and I found myself cursing the leather apron he wore as it prevented me from seeing all the ways his body had changed, hiding what I could only imagine were tight muscles.
His arms were strong. Each bicep bulged with every strike of the hammer, and I was mesmerized by the way they flexed. I wanted to touch them—see how far I could wrap my own hands around them, and I blushed at the thought. I would never presume to actually touch him, but my mind ran rampant with the idea. I wondered whether he would tremble under my fingers.
William turned, giving me full view of his back, and unable to help myself, I gasped. If I had been impressed by his arms, it was nothing in comparison to the hard expanse of muscles displayed. He was like a well-oiled machine—everything tight and fluid—my need rising to desperation. I wanted to touch him, feel him, and experience what it was like to place my hands over such a powerful body. There was no doubt in my mind that working in his father’s shop had forged him into something potent and formidable.
And he could be yours, I thought, causing my breath to catch. I closed my eyes, determined to bring my body back into submission. There could be no turmoil if I wasn’t looking at the very thing that enflamed me.
“Aithne?”
“Yes.” I squinted my eyes tighter, refusing to look at him. It was in vain, however, because just the sound of his voice set off another flurry of sensations. I was so new to this—I wasn’t sure whether to be scared or excited.
“You came looking for me, didn’t you?” The sound of tools being dropped on a hard surface and him moving about made my eyelids pop open. William removed his apron, wiped his face, chest, and arms with a cloth and then slipped his shirt back on. He let it hang open, giving me a glorious look at his chest. It was just as I thought—more hard ridges and contours with a thin trail of hair that disappeared beneath the top of his trousers. Throwing the towel back on the table, he stood there staring. Only then did I realize he’d asked me a question.
“I think so.”
“You think so?” He chuckled, and moved toward me. A flutter of panic—excitement—filled me and I quickly stood to keep some semblance of distance between us.
“Well, I just started running and my feet lead me here . . . to you.” I cringed at how stupid I sounded. “I mean . . . I wanted to . . . I’m glad . . . I was thinking about you . . .” My goodness, I was rambling. 
His face lit up as he smiled widely, and suddenly he was right in front of me. “Do you know how adorable you are when you blush?” I ducked my head and wanted to hide, but he lifted my chin with his finger. His touch caused me to flush further. “It was like divine intervention to look up and see you there. You’ve been on my mind all day too.”
“I have?”
He was instantly serious. “Yes, there’s so much I want to say, but there’s one thing I keep lingering on—to the point of distraction.”
I licked my lips as my heart began thudding faster. “Distraction?”
“Maddening.”
And suddenly it wasn’t the heat generated from the forge’s fire pit that caused my skin to flush, but him. He was standing so close. He brought his hands on either side of my head as I backed up against the wall. There was nowhere else to look but into his eyes, and my knees weakened by the intensity I found there.
“I’m sorry.” I whispered.
The corner of his mouth curled into a smile again, deepening his dimple, and the sudden impulse to reach up and touch it flooded over me. For the second time that day, my body betrayed me and I watched as my fingers rose, stroking his whiskered cheek gently. The contact elicited a soft sigh from me.
“Don’t ever apologize for dominating my every thought, Aithne. Besides, do you want to know the one thing I keep lingering on?”
My frown wrinkled in curiosity. “What?”
“This.” And he leaned in and kissed me.
Any uncertainty I had with my first kiss was absent as I stopped thinking and gave myself over to the moment. William’s lips were surprisingly soft, brushing tenderly over mine as his hand lowered to cup the side of my face.
His thumb swept back and forth, and I became distracted from the pleasure his mouth created. I rose on my tip toes and pressed my lips harder against his—I couldn’t get close enough. He pulled away slightly and tested my reaction. I offered him a brief nod. It was all the invitation he needed. All hesitation was cast aside as he kissed me again—this time deeper, and more assertively.
His tongue teased the seam of my mouth. I waited not knowing what was expected and then parted my lips slightly. The first touch of our tongues left me moaning softly—the sensation of them dipping and dancing together was more than I could handle. It was unlike anything I’d ever known. I gripped his shirt and held on tightly.
William, I was kissing William, and it was glorious. There was no confusion, everything was as it should be—it was just the two of us.
What about me, fair Aithne? Have you given up on us so soon? What of our first kiss?
Hadrian’s voice in my head was like being doused with freezing cold water. I unclenched my fists from around William’s shirt, and pushed—putting all my weight behind it to move him.
I ignored the bewildered look and recoiled from his reach as he tried to pull me into his embrace.
“Aithne?”
I shook my head back and forth, quickly ducked under his arm, and fled towards the doorway.
“Wait!”
I paused, my hands bracing the door frame. “I can’t. I’m so sorry. I . . .” I heard him move, no doubt to come after me. Tears flooded my eyes—my heart breaking. I closed myself off from the pleasure I’d just experienced. Guilt was the only thing I could focus on—guilt for betraying both Hadrian and William. Neither knew of the other, nor did they realize they were vying for the affections of someone who didn’t deserve such attention.
William’s hand fell lightly on my arm, and I longed to turn around and step into the safety and security of his arms. I wanted to forget everything and become the girl who once had a crush on her brother’s best friend. But I couldn’t. I wished I’d never spent hours idly day dreaming about the Fae. But I had.
“What’s the matter?” He twirled me around and bent to look into my eyes. With the pad of his thumb he wiped away a stray tear. “What aren’t you telling me? Please, speak to me.” His look of concern crushed me. He merited so much more than my indecisiveness. “Is there someone else?”
I gasped and stumbled backward. The answer must have been displayed through my countenance because his shoulders slumped slightly. I wanted to tell him no. I was merely overwhelmed from the feelings he’d stirred with his kiss. Nodding, he let go of my arm, and tension filled the space between us.
“I . . .” I still couldn’t finish a sentence. I stretched forth my hand then let it drop when he stared at it.
“I think it’s best you go, Aithne.” His voice was low and gravelly.
I didn’t want to, but there was a growing sense of awkwardness between us now. I longed to tell him I was sorry and that I wasn’t sure—it wasn’t what it seemed. I wanted to reveal the confusion of my mind, but I’d hurt him enough.
Turning around again to leave, I was stopped once more by his parting words.
“I’ve waited for what seems like a lifetime to make you mine, Aithne, and I’m not afraid to wait a little more. I just ask that you let me prove I’m worthy to claim your heart.”
“William,” I whispered, my back still turned.
“You know where you can find me. I’m patient.” I didn’t deserve him, but I nodded. 
I gathered my gown in my hands and didn’t stop running until I reached the safety of my room. Sobs erupted from my throat as I flew past my father’s office, threw myself onto my bed, and cried.
My once simple life had become complicated.

Chapter Twelve
Aithne

I’d spent a restless night tossing and turning, my meeting with William weighing heavily on my mind. It wasn’t surprising when I awoke that my head pounded from lack of sleep. 
Although the tears had slowly subsided, my thoughts lingered on my predicament. Torn between two good men, I wasn’t sure what I should do. Staring through the window as the night sky gave way to dawn, I finally decided that worrying or crying wouldn’t solve my dilemma. I was determined to enjoy the upcoming Midsummer event and focus on continuing my preparations. Pushing aside all thoughts, I left for Farnsworth Forest after completing my daily chores.
As I dropped my basket to the ground, I felt a small dash of satisfaction. With so many households also seeking the necessary herbs for tomorrow night’s festival, I was nervous I’d find most of the plants gathered. For the past month I’d been exploring Farnsworth Forest for undiscovered groves. I stepped into my favored one this morning, I was grateful it was untouched.
Old wives tales or not, I believed that herbs not only held medicinal uses, but magical as well. It was vital that whatever I brought home for my family should bring us the greatest fortune in the upcoming seasons. I would leave nothing to chance.
The small enclosed area held what I needed—St. John’s Wort, fern, vervain, and yarrow. The different colors were scattered throughout, and as I located the pretty yellow petals of the St. John’s plant, I knelt beside them. I slid on my leather gloves and carefully began picking. It would do my family and me no good if I rushed and bruised the flowers. They needed to be in the most pristine condition to remain potent.
I began arranging them in the center of my basket and softly hummed a tune. Excitement was building about the festival tomorrow and I anticipated all the dancing. There would obviously be the exchange between William and me and my stomach fluttered at the thought. As the King and Queen, we would make vows before opening the Midsummer Night’s gala with a dance. It was said the magical ceremony determined whether crops failed or everyone prospered. Even though I wasn’t sure if it was true, since the long awaited honor was mine, I didn’t want to let my village down. 
Maybe he’ll kiss me again. Images from yesterday flooded my mind, addling my senses. Refusing to get caught up in the swell of emotions I refocused on my task and pushed all visions of William aside.
My nose crinkled while I twirled the small flower between my two fingers. Even though it held the prettiest of yellow shades, there was no disguising the strong odor emanating from it. To me it was a shame—beautiful things deserved to have no such flaws, but my mother would tell me, in this case, it was a wise thing. The plant may hold strong medicinal value, but its other name, Chase Devil, made me shudder. The buds contained the power to ward off evil.
I wonder if there’s a flower that could help me decide my heart, I mused.
The appearance of Hadrian and William in my mind caused me to unintentionally crush the flower in my hand. I dropped it to the ground and noticed the distinctive reddish liquid left behind on my gloves. Not wanting to soil my dress, I quickly wiped my hands over the grass, before I stood. My basket held enough St. John’s, so I turned and spied the purple vervain bush. If I kept up this pace, my herb picking would be completed in no time and I’d have the rest of the day to myself.
“Hello, Aithne. I hoped I’d find you today.”
My breath hitched. Magic truly was in the air if the mere thought of Hadrian brought him to me.
When I glanced up, my heart skipped a beat. There he stood, in all his glory, and —if it were possible—looking even more handsome than before. There was no denying that I found him appealing. My body instantly reacted, and guilt tugged at my heart as William was overshadowed by Hadrian’s magnetic influence.
He was here.
My gaze fixed on him. Happiness filled me, and I invitingly stretched out my hand. There was a brief flash of hesitancy before a smile broke across his face, and he stepped forward. I made room for him, and tried to hide my disappointment when he chose a small crop of rocks instead. He was close, but not within touching distance. A feeling niggled within me—something wasn’t right.
“Are you well?” I asked, studying his appearance. Fear lanced my heart. Hadrian was acting like a complete stranger.
“What are you doing?” He ignored my query and looked about him. “Are you gathering for the festival you’ve spoke about?” He bent down and scooped up a discarded flower. His soft breath restored the blossom to its former beauty and he leaned forward, while gently tossing it into my basket 
“Yes. Since my mother’s passing, gathering the proper plants and herbs for each festival has been my responsibility. It’s a duty I enjoy immensely.” I smiled. “I grew up with stories about the wonders of nature.” I plucked a vervain blossom, showed him it, then reverently placed the blossom in my basket and continued to gather more. “When it is treated with respect, we can find great strength and healing. Not to mention, magic.”
“You are definitely a lover of all things magic, my Aithne,” Hadrian chuckled. “I’ve never beheld anyone who could look with such wonder and believe so wholeheartedly.”
“I’ve been dreaming of it for what seems like a lifetime. Some of my earliest childhood memories were listening while the women talked about experiences they couldn’t explain. At night, I would be put to sleep with stories of Fae princes and faraway lands filled with mystical wonder. Once I even ran away determined to discover magic for myself. My brother teased me mercilessly for every trap I set, with the hopes of meeting . . . well, of seeing someone like you. Even my imagination didn’t serve you justice.” I closed my eyes as I softly laughed over my past antics. “My father was always telling me to grow up, but to me, magic is forever.”
“Not everything is. Sooner or later we must face reality and accept that not everything can be viewed through the eyes of a child,” Hadrian spoke; the seriousness in his tone caused me to stop my gathering and look at him intently.
“What are you saying?” A burst of panic filled me.
“That no matter how much we try to hold on, some things are never meant to last—they’re here mere moments before they are gone.” His response was more to himself than me. “We are fools to try and convince ourselves otherwise.”
“What’s happened, Hadrian? Why are you speaking like this?” I abandoned my basket, hurried over to him and sat at his feet. I grabbed hold of his hands, only to have him slowly pull them away. He wasn’t himself and I was frightened. “Why won’t you let me touch you?”
“Who is the man I saw you with by the river?” Realization struck me—my indecision had been uncovered.
“Why won’t you tell me what’s wrong? Why are you so distant?”
“Answer me, Aithne. What place does he hold in your heart?” His voice was firm. There was no cruelty or coldness there, but any form of familiar warmth was also absent.
“His name is William,” I whispered. I couldn’t meet his critical stare, so instead I studied my hands in my lap. “He is a childhood friend and . . .”
“Someone who wishes for more, does he not?”
I didn’t speak, letting my nod answer for me. Confusion warred within me. This was not how I anticipated our next meeting. We’d never spoken of serious matters—caught up in the newness of our friendship—and I struggled to find our previous joy. I wanted the carefree, flirtatious, and charming Hadrian.
“Must we speak of these things?” Desperation edged my tone.
“We must. From the very beginning, I told you this was nothing more than brief moments—that I would never be able to offer you the things you truly desire.”
“How do you know what I desire or what’s in my heart?” I cried. “I willingly accept anything you give.”
“Truly, Aithne? Is it enough to have a small fling with a childhood fantasy, especially when it seems a future is also being freely offered?” He lifted my chin so he could look into my eyes, and I found compassion there—mixed with extreme sorrow. “I know your heart.”
“Then you are wrong!”
“No, it is you. Look deeper, and allow yourself to be honest. What you’re feeling right now is not love.”
“But I do love you. I do.” I ignored the anguish emanating from me and closed off the small voice of doubt. I wanted to believe my words, but already small cracks were beginning to form in my reasoning. “Lift the enchantment then. Remove your Fae magic and see for yourself.”
“It no longer holds you. I suspect it hasn’t since the night by the river—when I saw this William kiss you. You’ve been free from its influences, so again I ask that you search your heart. It is not me you truly want.”
“How can you say that? Don’t you want me?” I didn’t know what I was saying as fear took full hold. The only thing I knew for certain was everything was starting to unravel and Hadrian was slowly slipping away.
“You have no idea how much I want you, Aithne, or how I long for some way to keep you. Despite how much I claim you are mine, you are not. It is pure folly for me to hold onto false dreams just because my body demands so—because my heart yearns for it. This cannot continue.” He stood, his form towering above me.
“Take me to Fae. Please, don’t leave me behind.” I reached for him, hoping to hold him to me, but he’d anticipated my move and stepped farther away.
“You have no idea what it is you ask for—the danger there is in your request. You think of magic as this thing of beauty and indeed it is, but there is also a darker side—a malicious aspect that destroys all in its path. You would never survive in my world, no matter how strongly you believe love conquers all things. In this, love isn’t enough. It will never be enough.”
I fell forward, sobs ripped from within me, and tears streamed down my cheeks. Who had I been fooling to think this could ever work? A part of me knew that hoping for more with Hadrian was pointless. The recent fantasies of him whisking me away were nothing more than dreams. But somewhere I had truly believed there was a future. The elders had been right to warn us about entanglements with the Fae—they only lead to heartache.
“But I love you,” I whispered.
“You love the idea of me, sweet Aithne.” I heard him crouch down beside me and stroke the back of my head. “And in truth, I also found myself enchanted. But what we want isn’t always what is real. As much as it pains me, go to your William and commit your heart to him. Give up the hopes of your childhood, and embrace the future before you.” There was no hiding the firmness in his voice as he spoke soft and low.
“But . . .” I tried to argue, hoping to change his mind. One look at his resolved features told me my efforts were in vain.
Gathering me into his arms, he helped me to my feet. Hadrian traced the curve of my cheek with his finger. He looked solemn—as though his heart was also breaking. “I cannot give you what you want.”
Silence built between us as I stood still in his embrace. I searched his face, and knew what he said was true. But I was unable to quiet the overwhelming disappoint. I didn’t want this to end—I wasn’t ready for it to end—and although I knew I would regret my next words, I uttered them anyway.
“Then I take your moments . . . a Midsummer Night’s fling.” Images of William entered my mind, but I ignored them. I was so close to having what I always dreamed of.
“You don’t know what you’re asking for.” He leaned forward and sighed, resting his forehead against mine. “Will it ever be enough?”
Without waiting for me to answer he broke away from me, and slowly began stepping backward. I didn’t bother wiping away the tears that continued to fall. I just kept my eyes locked on his, pleading for him to not utter the words I could feel coming.
“Goodbye, Aithne. Live well.” And he melted back into the trees. I was alone.
I don’t know how I survived the following seconds, minutes—space of time. I managed to keep breathing, even though the pain in my chest demanded I curl up in a tight ball and escape.
You’re in love with the idea of me. Hadrian’s words haunted me, and I shook my head, as if the physical action would make it untrue.
He was gone, never to return.
With a gasp I left behind my basket and fled.

Chapter Thirteen
William

Her kiss was all I could think about. 
I tried to put her out of my mind, but the fourth time I missed the steel and struck myself with the hammer, my father stepped in and dismissed me. He ordered me to go clear my head. I didn’t tell him how impossible it would be. The only way my sanity would be restored was if Aithne finally declared she’d be mine.
I left the forge as the afternoon slowly eased into night. I ambled about the village with no true destination. I wasn’t prepared for my family’s questions, and I didn’t have the heart to sit with my tavern friends. In some ways I was more convinced than ever I’d made the right choice kissing her yesterday. The medallion burned a hole in my pocket and reminded me there was only one place I needed to be right now—with her.
I’d told her I was a patient man—that I’d wait for her to come to me—but who was I fooling? Since the time I’d declared my intentions by the river, nothing was more important or clear than my need for her. I was done ignoring it, casting it aside. I wasn’t going to let go of her without a fight. I just didn’t know who I was competing with.
Kicking stones along the path, I thought about who her other suitor might be. As far as other men within the village, I was certain I was the better catch. I came from a strong family and had already proven I would be a good provider with the completion of my apprenticeship. I was well respected amongst my peers. I maintained a wholesome lifestyle void of drinking and gambling, and I wasn’t a womanizer. There were no bastards running around baring my features, and when I gave my heart, I gave it completely.
I pulled out the small token I’d crafted from my pocket, my thumb rubbed the design I etched into the metal. Twice I wanted to give it to her, but my sense of honor demanded I first speak to her father. It was the way it was done, and now the afternoon was free, I decided to do just that.
It didn’t take me long to journey to her home on the outskirts of the village. It was a comfortable cottage surrounded by tall trees. The gardens, although small, were in full bloom and I could hear the chirping of birds as they made their nests. The still-shining sun, painted the perfect picture of happiness, and I made a mental note as I approached the homestead—I would build something similar for Aithne when she was my wife.
I knocked on the door, expecting to have her smiling face greet me, but instead it was the solemnness of her father’s.
“William, my boy, what brings you out this way?” He looked over my shoulder from where I’d just come and then back at me. “If you’re here for Aithne, I’m sorry but she’s not receiving any visitors at the moment.”
“Is she ill?” Concern filled my voice. “Is she hurt?”
He shook his head, perplexed. “I’m not quite sure. She hasn’t left her room, and won’t open the door even when I try to tempt her to come out. Hmmm, maybe she’ll listen to you.” He stepped aside, and gestured for me to enter the house.
“Sir, maybe that’s not such a good idea. Perhaps she just needs some peace. In fact, it’s you I’ve come to talk with. That is, if you have a moment to spare.” I was suddenly nervous now the time had finally arrived. It didn’t help that Aithne was somewhere within the house. It took all my effort to not brush past her father and seek her out. The idea of her hurting or distraught didn’t sit well with me.
“Why of course—follow me then. A talk you say?” He cast me a knowing look, and chuckled as I strained my head to glance around. “We’ll discuss your business in my study.”
I nodded as I gathered my courage, and—closing the door to the room behind me—offered up a silent prayer.
She holds my heart. Please let me be worthy enough to hold hers.


Twilight had descended when I finally exited the cottage, and the stars were beginning to reveal themselves. The meeting with Aithne’s father had gone better than anticipated, and I grinned at the revelation that he always hoped I’d come seeking her hand. Even with his blessing, I wasn’t sure when I’d approach her. But it created a wave of excitement that should the perfect moment arise, I could seize it.
I took a deep breath and enjoyed the cool breeze as it tickled across my skin. I cast my gaze up to her window, and sure enough, the flickering glow of candles faintly lit the room. I wanted to call out and declare my wishes as she leaned from the window. My lips began to shape the words when a moving shadow caught my eye.
I had experience with forest creatures, but this was no mere animal. The form of a person lurked in the darkness—someone whose intentions weren’t clear. Unarmed, I didn’t care for my own safety, only for those in the house. My heart whispered the identity of the intruder was someone else vying for Aithne’s affection, and I approached ready for a confrontation. I wasn’t as quiet as I should be since stealth was not a skill blacksmiths needed to master. Despite the noise, the shadow remained still—waiting.
“Reveal yourself. Now,” I demanded, clenching my fists in readiness. One loud call would alert the household and bring her father running outside to my aide. As the stranger stepped out, the faint cottage lights caught his features. I’d been right. It was the other suitor, but what I hadn’t known was that he was Fae. There was no mistaking the difference in features that separated him from humans, as well as the way his skin glowed under the moonlight.
Anger shot through me, and I didn’t speak as I charged forward. I let my fists do the talking—my arm cocked, as I threw a punch so hard it caused the Fae to stumble back. I didn’t stop. I moved with purpose, swinging again and again, each hit connecting with power and precision. Hours of toiling in the forge had given me incredible upper body strength, and I didn’t hesitate to use it.
I cussed underneath my breath. All this time a Fae had been pursuing my Aithne, and heaven knew what nonsense he was filling her head with.
When it became apparent I wouldn’t let him speak, the male began fighting back. This didn’t cause me to cower, however, and before too long we were both grunting and breathing heavy. My hands throbbed, sweat dripped from my temple, and I noted the blood flowing from the corner of his eye where a punch had busted open the skin. I grinned at the sight, proud.
“Do you yield?” He asked, looking at me warily.
“To a treacherous Fae like you? Never. Why are you here? What designs do you have for those who live within this house?” The idea of his intimacy with Aithne—that he had cast his magic over her—infuriated me, and I lurched forward to throw another punch.
He staggered sideways just in time, and his shoulder connected with my abdomen as his momentum carried him forward, winding me. He silently kept his distance, and I growled in frustration when he refused to speak. I was naturally a peacekeeper, but there was nothing I wouldn’t do to protect her.
“Answer me!” I spat.
“Not until you yield. Your customs may dictate coming to blows, but I’d much rather we talk civilly if at all possible. Neither of us are heathens.” 
“How do I know I can trust you?” I straightened up, and wiped the back of my hand across my mouth, not surprised to see he’d also drawn blood. “I know all about Fae trickery—how you say one thing but do another as you manipulate and scheme. What business do you have with Aithne? Answer me, and I’ll keep my distance. My word you can trust.”
The Fae paced back and forth, watching me closely, and I held up my hands to show my willingness to stand down. Part of me still wanted to pound away at him like I would a piece of heated steel, but reason finally dictated—and I needed answers.
“My name is Prince Hadrian, of Fae,” he said, bowing slightly. I snorted at the motion, positive the action had been more from habit than any sign of respect. I stared at him, waiting for him to continue. “My affairs with Aithne are my own. I don’t answer to anyone, let alone you.”
“Bollocks! You will answer to me. I don’t care what sense of entitlement you think you have, but you will stop any further interaction with her, do you understand? Is it not enough that you cause all kinds of mischief with our crops and livelihoods, but now you must whisk away our women? What . . . all for your own pleasure?”
“What do you know of me?” Hadrian’s eyes flashed in anger, the first display of real emotion I’d seen since the confrontation had commenced. “Don’t presume to know me, human. Or my heart.”
I chuckled in derision at his comment—my disbelief at his words evident. “Do you mean to stand there and tell me that you, a Fae, have a heart? That you’re capable of feeling anything other than your own selfish needs? Don’t think me a fool.” I shook my head at him, stunned at the look of sincerity on his face.
“I don’t know what stories you have been told of my people, but I can assure you that my intentions with Aithne have always been true. From the moment I first beheld her, she enchanted me and has occupied my every thought since.”
“Enchanted?” My eyes widened as my mind scrambled to comprehend the strange conversation I was having. Everyone knew that the Fae were egotistical, their very word and action designed to bring them—and them alone—pleasure. They didn’t care for others, and had no qualms in tossing aside those who no longer fulfilled their needs. Humans weren’t ever love interests. They were toys—slaves on a magical leash. “No, it is you who have enchanted Aithne. You mess with her heart and mind, and the second you tire of her, you’ll cast her aside.” A flicker of light from her window caught my eye, and it suddenly dawned on me. “You already did, didn’t you? She’s up in her room, hiding because you’ve hurt her!” My fists clenched again, and I ground my teeth together roughly. He hurt her—no doubt made her cry—and a savage part of me I never knew existed rose up, wanting to destroy him.
“I’ll admit at first she was under an enchantment. She is human, and it’s a natural response when meeting one of my kind, but I assure you she is no longer under such a spell. She hasn’t been since the first time you kissed her.”
His last comment sent me reeling. “You know about that?”
“I came across you both by the river. I heard the words you exchanged, the tender moment between the two of you. It was not my intention to watch, but it was then I realized there was another who sought after her heart.”
“Yet here you are even though you know you can never give her what she needs. Yes, you may be able to show her things beyond my ability, but you come from a different world, one she can never be a part of. Knowing that, still you pursue her. Do you have no honor?”
Hadrian opened his mouth to speak, but I raised my hand, cutting him off.
“I may not be silver-tongued like you or be able to fill her life with magic. I may be a mere mortal—simple without extravagance and the title of prince—but within my body beats a heart completely dedicated to loving her. There is nothing I won’t do to keep her safe and happy. I would move heaven and earth to see her smile, and if it means I must fight against you and your sorcery, so be it. I will not give her up easily.” I didn’t move, and I refused to break eye contact. I was resolute, and willing to back up my convictions.
Hadrian didn’t say a word. Instead, he chose to study me. I couldn’t tell what thoughts passed through his mind, but when he finally spoke, his response surprised me. There was no fight in him—his tone serious.
“I have already said goodbye, but not for the reasons you believe. I am pained more than I can convey knowing she lies in her room—tears staining her pillow as her heart breaks. It was never my intention for matters to come this far. I wasn’t prepared for the feelings she stirs within me. The instant I heard her laugh and saw her smile, I was lost. It was never a mere dalliance for me. Had I a choice, I would keep her forever. I know this isn’t something you want to hear, but hear it you will. I let her go.”
“Then why are you here? Why did I catch you lurking in the shadows? This isn’t the actions of someone who has walked away and left her behind,” I asked, but I knew I didn’t need to. I was already beginning to guess his answer.
“Because I love her.”
“Fae don’t love. They’re incapable,” I replied in a matter fact tone.
“Don’t assume to know me—or my people, William. There is much you don’t understand. Right or wrong, I feel what I feel. I cannot deny that love drew me back here tonight, despite how I fought. I needed to see her one more time.”
I heard the words, studied his features, and was astounded by the truthfulness I found there. Raking my hand through my hair, I let out a loud sigh. “Then we are in quite a predicament. We are both in love, both able to offer her different things, both waiting on her decision.”
“You know there isn’t truly a choice. What kind of life can I give her? Moments—just a brief moment—compared to the happily-ever-after you can. When the fantasy and excitement fade, what will she have to hold on to? Nothing. This is why I told her goodbye and ended it before it was too late.” There was sorrow in his voice, pain emanated from him.
“You really do love her.”
He answered with a nod. “More than I thought possible—enough to let her go.”
A feeling arose within me, one I never thought I would ever share with a Fae—respect. “Then I have something I wish to ask of you. Not for me, but for her.” I closed my eyes, not believing the idea I was about to propose.
“Like you, I would do anything for her. Speak, and it shall be so.”
“Give her one last night of wonder. Come to the Midsummer Night’s festival tomorrow night, and bring her childhood fantasy to life.”
“Do you know what you’re asking? With me already removed, her heart is now yours to claim. She will move on, and you both can begin to create your future together. Why would you risk my return?” It was his turn to look incredulous.
“Yes, you’re right, but in the years to come she may begin to regret the missed opportunity. Is she truly mine if she still holds onto childhood dreams? She will wonder what may have been had she chosen you. When Aithne comes to me and delivers her heart into my keeping, I want to know it’s given completely. If this will settle the matter, then the risk is worth it. I won’t have it any other way.” I stood my ground, never more sure than at that moment.
“And should she still choose me?”
“Then I will help her recover when you leave and be the friend she needs. But, with the enchantment gone, hope tells me that sincerity of heart will trump any kind of magic and let her know for herself. It’s what I ask.”
I stuck my hand out. Not sure if there was a similar custom in Fae, I suspended it in the air awaiting his shake on it. I was adamant some kind of agreement should be struck. Understanding my intent, Hadrian strode forward, and we shook.
“For one night only.”
“One night, and we abide by whatever she chooses,” I responded.
“So be it.” With one last look at Aithne’s darkened window—the candle now snuffed—Hadrian offered one last bow before returning to the safety of the trees. One minute he was there, the next gone.
I hoped I hadn’t just made a deal with the Devil himself.

Chapter Fourteen
Aithne

The day of the festival arrived, but the joy I’d once anticipated was diminished, buried under the disappointment of Hadrian’s departure. Eventually the small voice of reason won out over my numerous counter arguments, and I wasn’t able to continue my denial any longer. Sometime in the night, I’d accepted the truth I’d been hiding from—fairytales and magic were things of the past, and held little place in the future I wanted.
Hadrian’s words caused a crack, and the more I pondered, the more I saw his wisdom. I didn’t doubt that I held some affection for him—my body had displayed that truth easily—but as I looked deeper at those emotions, it was the idea of him, the mystery and magic I was drawn to. It was a bitter pill to swallow, and I wasn’t sure when I’d be able to fully let it all go. I wasn’t used to this crushing sensation that weighed heavy on my chest—it wasn’t like the grief of losing my mother.
I tried not to think about William through the night. Each time I did, my heart reacted and I berated myself for not being faithful. Although there was no commitment between us, he’d stated his intentions, and I’d kept part of myself from him. I wasn’t sure how I was going to resolve these emotions. I loved him more than I’d ever thought, but was it enough while a piece of my heart still belonged to Hadrian?
I opened my eyes slowly, not wanting to leave the security of my bed. I had nothing else to do during the day except prepare for this evening’s festivities, and another flutter of excitement filled me. As Mother Earth, I would stand opposite William, playing the Sun King, and together we would repeat the wedding vows. Although they were part of the Druidic rite, it hit too close to home.
They could be true words if you have the courage, the voice whispered, and I didn’t doubt it. William would marry me in a heartbeat, but I needed the personal conviction before I allowed myself to ever exchange such sacred pledges. He deserved that.
Letting out a loud sigh, I threw back the covers and sat up, rubbing sleep from my eyes. Sunlight was already streaming through the window, and my stomach rumbled from hunger. I stretched, my attention randomly falling on the small chair across the room, and a small gasp escaped my lips. During my slumber, someone had entered and left me a gift.
Draped neatly across the seat was an exquisite dress. I hurriedly crossed to examine it more closely. The material was elegant, in a purple that reminded me of my river violets and as soft as flower petals. Small glass beadwork decorated the bodice and as I lifted it into my arms, I noted the ribbons that laced up the back. I held it up to my body and smiled. It was the most beautiful gown I’d ever seen, fancier than anything I’d ever worn or owned. A quick judgment told me it would be a perfect fit.
Something else caught my eye, and I carefully laid the gown on my bed. Hanging on the back of the upholstered chair was an exquisite flower garland, and I instantly recognized them from Hadrian’s garden. Hesitantly, I reached out to touch them, convinced the second I did, the magic would fail and the headdress would crumble. I laughed with delight when they didn’t, my eyes widening at the violet flowers woven amongst the others. It told me exactly who the gift was from even before I noticed the folded parchment which had fallen to the floor.
For one night it would be my honor to share this Midsummer Night’s festival with you. It would please me to see you wear my gifts tonight. Until then, Hadrian.
I smiled as I reread the note several times before crushing it to my chest. He was returning, and even though it was just for tonight, I would make sure every second counted. By the time the sun rose, declaring the festival over, I would know where to place my affections—Hadrian or William.
I gave no more thought to guilt or indecision. This time tomorrow, my future would be determined. I finally gave in to the excitement of the day and swirled around the room with the gown pressed up against me, 


“You look beautiful, Aithne. Absolutely perfect,” Dierdre gushed as she threaded the ribbons through my hair for a finishing touch. “It’s so romantic as well.” I tried not to shake my head, keeping still until she gave me the go ahead to move.
“It’s only for one night. I don’t even know when he’ll arrive.” My hands fidgeted in my lap, my nerves threatening to overflow. With only moments left before the ceremony commenced, I was dressed in Hadrian’s gift—a most glorious dress—and the garland on my head released an intoxicating fragrance.
“But still, it’s something straight from our childhood fairytales. Who knows maybe he’ll change his mind and whisk you away, never to return.” Dierdre continued to chatter as I tuned her out. Her words were once things I’d secretly hoped for, but know they served only as a painful reminder. 
“You know that’s not true. My destiny lies in being an old spinster whom the village children prank,” I scoffed softly. “This is my one night of magic before I leave such things behind.” Sensing she was finished, I stood and turned around. “How do I look?”
“Like a Fae princess!”
I tried not to roll my eyes, and carefully touched my hair. “Thank you for helping me tonight. You’re such a true friend.” A sudden longing for my mother swept through me. I quickly embraced Dierdre, grateful she’d invited me to her home. I couldn’t imagine dressing alone, and she helped fill in for a dearly missed parent. 
“You do know, someone else won’t be able to take his eyes off you tonight. A certain blacksmith?” Dierdre giggled.
The thought of seeing William caused me to stumble slightly as I became light headed. I wasn’t sure how this evening would unfold—both men in attendance. Steeling myself, I continued in my resolution that once this night was over, I would be ready to fully embrace my future.
“You are incorrigible!” I teased, gently slapping her arm. “Tonight should be very interesting.”
I was prevented from further talk by the appearance of Mayor Brimhal. He was dressed in his best Sunday clothes, and I grinned as I noticed someone had helped him tame his hair for the occasion. He now resembled a dignified village leader, and less an absentminded inventor.
“My, my, aren’t you a vision, Aithne. Each passing year finds you looking more and more like your dear mother.” Tears started to form in both our eyes at the compliment. Uncomfortably, he covered his mouth and coughed. “Allow me the pleasure of escorting you to the ceremony.”
I slipped my arm through his offered elbow, and waved Deirdre goodbye. My nerves gave way to excitement as I stepped out into the cool night. The air thrummed from the merrymaking already under way, and I smiled at everyone we passed. Everywhere I turned, people looked on with approval, and my heart burst with joy at the sight of my father—pride and love blazing in his eyes. Placing his hand over his heart, he bowed with respect and it caused a wave through the crowds as they followed his example.
The ceremony was being held in a large meadow just outside the village. The women had painstakingly decorated everything with flowers and ribbons. There were tables and chairs for eating food of every kind—the heavenly aroma teased my senses and caused my mouth to water. Honey mead was in abundance, and lit lanterns were scattered throughout giving it a magical feel.
I absorbed the scenery, but all was forgotten when my gaze finally rested on the large bonfire and the man standing before it. William stood tall and proud, and I fought the urge to quicken my step. Our journey to him felt like it took a lifetime, and just when I thought I’d die from impatience, there he was.
I smiled as I took his hand, and he guided me to stand beside him. He was also wearing his best clothes, but that wasn’t what drew my attention. Traditionally, the Sun King wore a mask that covered his features—his lips and eyes the only thing visible. William’s stare was heated, and caused me to focus instead at the glorious crown of antlers on his head. Growing up, they had scared me, but I soon learned it was to honor the Horned God, his nickname. 
The King bent at the waist in a regal bow, and I responded with the customary curtsy. Turning, we faced the Mayor who now stood as the officiator, and the crowds hushed to a low whisper.
Our arms touched and caused an exhilarating thrill to course through me. The familiar pressure made it impossible to concentrate on the words being spoken—his closeness drawing my attention. I remembered those moments in the forge when he’d cradled my face, the passionate kiss that left me breathless—wanting more. As the mayor welcomed everyone to this year’s festivities, William’s hand slipped into mine and his thumb brushed over my skin. I squeezed back, desperate to regain my focus.
As the traditional prayers were offered, thanking the gods for their blessings and protection through the winter, my mind turned to how symbolic the ritual was. Here I stood as the Mother Earth, strong and fertile, ready to begin the summer solstice. I repeated the promptings that gave thanks and said goodbye to the winter. One cycle of life was over, and with the help of the sun, we were ready to begin anew. But it was more than just asking for abundant crops. The festival was a time to reflect over the past, learn from each experience, and move forward.
I wanted to toss my head back and laugh at the heavens. As I listened, I knew I wasn’t only speaking for my village, but also for myself. There was only so much time before I knew I’d have to let go of my childhood and cleave to adulthood. I’d ignored the need for years now, but it had taken Hadrian’s appearance and William’s declaration to rouse me. It was time for me to step forward and become a woman.
A cord was produced and tied around our clasped hands, signifying a marriage vow between the earth and sun. Working together in partnership, both God and Goddess would be worshipped for their life giving influences. I glanced up into William’s masked face, suddenly wishing this was for a different reason—that we were exchanging vows as husband and wife. He must have sensed my thoughts because his lips curved into a smile.
A hand at my elbow brought me back to the ceremony, and I realized the only thing left was to toss the winter solstice wreath into the fire and then perform the marriage dance. Accepting the garland from the Mayor, I added a small wish as I threw it into the tall flames, praying that magic would give it wings.
I wish to know for sure.
Music began to play, the crowds broke into joyous cheers, and William led me down to the designated dancing area. With our hands still tied, it would be an intimate experience, one in which every moment was spent touching.
We stood there without speaking, the melody began, and finally I looked into his eyes. There was an instant connection—a spark—and I gasped. Following his lead, I walked around in a circle, never taking my eyes from his. The world ceased to exist. There was only us, and a flare of desire began to smolder and ignite within me. I was mesmerized, enchanted, and I shivered when a step brought him close enough to whisper in my ear.
“My Aithne.”
Hadrian.

Chapter Fifteen
Aithne

We finished the dance in silence, questions burning my mind. Where was William? Had Hadrian hurt him? How had no one noticed? Yet I couldn’t help release a sigh of amazement over how magical it was—the passion built between us as we swayed and moved back and forth to the music. Hadrian was a skilled and attentive dancer, and as he escorted me from the dance floor it was to whistles and applause. With the Midsummer festival in full swing now, the villagers began to form small groups, and the mead began to flow.
Tugging at the cord that bound us together, Hadrian finally removed the mask, and revealed his breathtaking features. His eyes twinkled with mischief, the corner of his mouth raised in a smile, and before I could begin plying him with my questions, he lifted his finger to my lips to still me.
“Not here.” He handed the mask and cord to a passerby before he took me by the elbow and steered me away from the revelers. Other bonfires were in the process of being ignited, and there was a line forming of young men. Each one wanted to jump through the hot, towering flames.
We passed by my father who was already in deep conversation with the Mayor, and he lifted his tankard in salute—a knowing look on his face. He turned to his friend, whispered something, and they both laughed out loud before glancing back toward us. I didn’t have time to query it as Hadrian continued to lead me away. He almost had me alone when I heard someone call my name.
“Where are you two slinking off to? Don’t you know there’s celebrating to be done? Look Aithne, they’re about to start the Sun’s spiral dance. William, you need to go jump across the fire as well,” Dierdre chattered as excitement bubbled from her. I gave her a quizzical look, wondering why she couldn’t tell I wasn’t with William. Turning to Hadrian, he shook his head, signaling for me to not say a word.
“Just go with it,” he whispered as we were lead back into the festivities, helpless against my best friend’s enthusiasm. I took a flowered garland strand from her, and watching Hadrian join the men, I forgot my curiosity for the moment and joined in with the frolicking. Round and round we weaved in and out using our bodies to form a spiral, gathering others to follow as we went. The air was filled with laughter and music, and when I finally broke away—hot and thirsty—Hadrian was waiting with a tankard of mead.
“Here, drink.” He lifted the cup to my mouth, and parting my lips, I swallowed the delicious liquid. It helped cool my body, and in good spirits, I swayed to and fro. 
“You should try some as well.” I said, taking and offering it likewise. His eyes never left mine as he took a mouthful. His tongue darted out to capture the small droplets that remained on his lips.
“It reminds me of a beverage we have back home. It has the same sweetness and ability to render a person senseless if too much is drunk.” Hadrian winked, as he took my hand again. “Come, I’m sure you have many questions, and the night has only just begun.”
Nodding, I placed the tankard on a table, and followed him back in the direction he’d originally taken me. I was curious whether our destination was Fae, but with a wave of his hand and a brief shimmer as we stepped into the tree line, I found myself in an enclosed nook within the forest.
It was beautiful and I stared in wonder as I watched the trunk of a strong tree bend until it formed a place to sit and the branches entwined to offer more security. Leaves burst into life to provide soft padding while violets bloomed—scattered all over—so that the ground was awash with purple. Small lights twinkled in the air, causing our secluded nest to faintly glow.
“How . . . ?” I stammered, not knowing what question I wanted to ask first.
“Just a little magic to make sure we’re comfortable while we talk privately. I wanted to make this night perfect for you.”
I brushed my fingers over the bark of the tree trunk, stroking the leaves of the entwined branches that hung overhead. “This never ceases to amaze me, Hadrian. It’s incredible.” I let out a gentle sigh as I eased onto the makeshift bower. I was surprised to find it sturdy. “Thank you.”
“You’re most welcome. Now, which question would you like me to answer first? I know your mind is brimming with inquiry.”
I nodded, stepped down from my perch, and approached him. I touched his jaw, peering closely into his eyes. “How did you fool everyone? I see you for who you are, but the others saw only William? And where is he? Why were you in his place? Please tell me you didn’t hurt him!”
Hadrian chuckled low, and brushed a stray hair away from my face before his hand lovingly cupped my cheek. “I see you wish for me to respond to all of them at once. So be it.” His arms then encircled my waist. “I used a glamour to fool those of your village. William is currently unharmed at his forge until the time is right, and I am here because he asked it.”
“He knows of you?” I gasped, surprised.
“We were introduced last night.” He smiled, rubbing his jaw faintly before returning his hand to rest at my hip. “We exchanged many words, but one thing was certain. He loves you, and wants nothing but your happiness. It was decided we would swap places for the ceremony, and give you one last magical experience before I returned to my world.”
“He was the one who asked?” The idea that William cared enough to suggest this struck me hard. What quality of man puts other’s desires before his own? How would I ever be worthy of such affection?
Hadrian nodded and tilted my head back so he could look deeper into my eyes. “There are not many that I respect, especially in this world, but I can understand his reasoning. He wants you for himself—entirely—and will do whatever is needed to remove any obstacle. I would do the same.”
“He loves me,” I whispered.
“And you love him.”
I tried to argue, and say I also loved him but he interrupted.
“I know you feel the same for me. It seems we’ve all fallen under the same enchantment. Unfortunately, not everyone will get their happy ending.”
Tears began to form as the reality of his words rested on me. What seemed like a game of fancy in the beginning had become serious, and I wished for a different outcome.
“But enough of such sentiments. Your William is safe, and we have the night ahead of us. I am here, and your wish is my command. Shall we go and dance?” He extended his hand out to me.
“I’d like that,” I whispered, brushing away my tears. “Here’s to one more night.”
“Here’s to your dreams coming true.”


The next few hours materialized as though they’d been deliberately lifted from my mother’s stories. Hadrian and I danced until we were breathless; laughing and enjoying each other’s company. We ate good food and drank more mead than was probably wise. However, the private moments of magic performed for my pleasure were my favorite. Through his attentiveness I wanted for nothing and truly felt like a Fae princess. It would be a night to remember the rest of my life.
As the night waned and couples began slipping away for more private celebrating, we found ourselves sitting before one of the smaller fires. We reclined together with my back against his chest—content and happy. I picked up one of his hands, entwined my fingers in his, and placed a small kiss on the back. He tightened his arms around me, and his mouth brushed against my ear. It was perfect—he was perfect—more than I could ever have expected.
“Have I pleased you, Aithne?” he whispered, and I nodded.
“I was just thinking how none of my daydreams could be compared to tonight. I will cherish these memories forever, Hadrian. Thank you.”
“The sun will soon be rising.”
Although it was dark, and the stars still twinkled, there was a feeling in the air that he’d spoken the truth. “True, the sky will start to lighten soon, and the festival will be over.”
So will our time together, I thought.
“Then before it happens, there’s one more thing left for us to do—the finishing touch on a delightful evening.”
I twisted around in his arms so I could look into his face. “Is there something we’ve forgotten?”
He nodded, with a mischievous grin. Catching his meaning, I blushed. A kiss. A kiss from a Fae would make the night complete. We had yet to share one, and it caused a flurry of nervousness through me. What would it feel like to finally receive one?
“I don’t think I’ll ever see anything as beautiful as your blush. How I wish I could take you with me, Aithne. I love you.” Lowering his head, his mouth claimed mine, and for a moment everything went quiet.
His lips were firm and there was no hesitation. He feathered them softly before descending for a deeper, fuller kiss. His confidence caused me to part my lips and melt as his tongue dipped in to savor me. He even tasted like magic—or how I would imagine it—and I found myself being swept away on a wave of pleasure. I adjusted my position, and moved so I could encircle my arms around his neck.
His hands sunk into my hair, gently at first, but as he deepened the kiss, his fingers tightened into fists. There was a hunger now to his approach—as though he was afraid I would disappear. I responded in kind, enjoying my body’s equally ravenous response. I didn’t care who might see—we were stealing precious minutes.
But underneath it all, something lurked. A thought and feeling I couldn’t deny.
He wasn’t William. My William. The one I wanted.
Pushing back, breaking the seal of our mouths, I covered my lips with my fingers. The decision I’d thought most difficult had been easy to make. Now that it had been made, I wanted to run and find William—beg him to forgive my foolishness and overlook my childish heart.
“It is as it should be,” Hadrian spoke, a sad smile on his face. “As much as I wished I was the one, it is clear he is yours now, tomorrow, and forever.” He stroked the side of my cheek then brushed my hair over my shoulder. It was startling—the difference his caress created now.
“I’m so sorry, Hadrian. I didn’t want this to happen.”
“I know. I’m sorry too.” He arose and helped me to my feet. “I guess this is where I say goodbye again. And thank you for an incredible time. You are a remarkable woman, Aithne. I will never regret meeting you.”
He opened his arms, and I entered into his embrace. Resting my head against his chest, I held onto the front of his shirt. “I wish we could still remain friends, but that isn’t possible is it?”
“We will always be friends, but not like you want. I’m not sure when I’ll return to your world. Maybe years from now I’ll come back and we can reminisce on what could’ve been,” Hadrian replied, stroking the back of my head. “Is there anything I can give you? A parting gift?”
I stepped away, and touched his arm. “You’ve given me more than I ever hoped for. Thank you.” I looked over his shoulder toward the village, my mind on William.
“Promise me you’ll live each moment together to the fullest, that you won’t waste a single day,” Hadrian asked. “Cherish one another.”
I nodded, unable to speak around the lump in my throat. He pulled me closer and gently placed a kiss on my forehead. I shut my eyes, wanting to hold onto this farewell for as long as I could. There was a small gust of wind, a tinkling breeze, and when my eyes reopened, Hadrian was gone.
I didn’t need to look around to know I wouldn’t find him. He’d come back to give me the perfect night, and help me transition from childhood to womanhood. There was no more indecision or uncertainty. The fantasy could be laid to rest as I fully clasped hold of my future—to William. With the last of the enchantment fading, it was easy to see William had always been my choice, I’d just been too afraid to admit it.
A hand slipped into mine, and I smiled.
“I love you, Aithne. Are you ready to begin our life together, or do I need to wait a little longer?” William asked, and facing him, my heart beat faster as I beheld him. He appeared so earnest, and I didn’t fight it any longer. I threw my arms around his neck.
“Yes, I’m ready. I love you too, William. I’m so sorry for everything. Please, please forgive me.” I sobbed against his chest, and he returned my embrace.
“Shush, there is nothing to forgive. Haven’t I told you this already?” Letting me go, he tilted my chin back. “Here’s to our happily-ever-after.”
As the sky finally began to lighten, announcing the dawn of a new day, he kissed me.

Chapter Sixteen
Hadrian

I’d intended on leaving and not turning back, but in a moment of weakness, I paused. Hidden in the shadows, I watched on as the girl I loved was swept up into the arms of another. I agreed that William was the better choice. He just wasn’t me.
I tried to curb the jealousy that flooded me as they kissed—a true kiss of happiness. I didn’t doubt that their lives would be one of married bliss, and whatever challenges they faced, they would do so together. It was the way it was meant to be.
My heart had a hard time believing.
I commanded my body to move as I saw William take something from his pocket and get down on bended knee. Aithne’s hands flew up to her mouth as she cried with excitement, and I didn’t need to hear to know he’d just asked her to be his wife.
Standing, William came behind her and tenderly brushed her hair aside so he could attach the token of his affection around her neck. The medallion he’d crafted with his own two hands—pouring all his love and commitment into the task.
He’d shown me the previous night, and we’d both agreed how ironic it was that he’d etched the figure of a fairy on one of the pendant’s faces. On the other side, he’d scribed the words You’ve enchanted my heart. It was the perfect gift, a keepsake she would no doubt cherish for the rest of her life.
The more I watched the couple, the more the words of my mother came back to me. We’d yet to talk about my father and her relationship with him, but seeing the pain in her eyes as she spoke of her regret in losing him, made my next decision easier. A human life was short compared to that of the Fae—to have it filled with any kind of regret, small or large, was unacceptable.
In the brief time I’d known Aithne, I knew she was a passionate creature, and although she was grateful for the experiences we’d shared, sometime in the future she’d come to regret her indecision. She would look to the man she’d devoted herself to, and sorrow that she’d ever partially thought herself in love with another.
Imagining that kind of hurt in the eyes of my beloved Aithne sent a pain lancing through me. It was within my power to remove her memories—to take those of William as well—and make it so I was never there. I’d half hoped she’d ask when I offered her a parting gift, but in her gratitude and eagerness to see William, it had slipped by. Standing here in the shadows, already overstaying my time in this world, I would make it right.
I closed my eyes, and softly uttered their names in preparation for the spell but was interrupted when a firm hand grasped my shoulder. I turned around and found my mother and brother behind me, both wearing compassionate expressions.
“I know you think it is wise, Son, but I ask that you not complete the spell.”
“It must be done Mother. Although it pains me that she would forget me, her regret hurts more.” I lowered my gaze, unable to bear the sadness I saw reflected in her eyes.
“That is true, but what of the growth your Aithne has gained through this experience? By giving her a memorable night, she now knows her own heart and can be content. If you take her memories, she loses something priceless—her surety in choosing William.”
“How is regret valuable? Why leave evidence I exist? Let me wipe their minds so they can focus solely on each other.” Confusion warred within my mind.
“What you gave her is a gift she will always hold dear. Yes, there may be regret and times when she may wonder, but look, Hadrian. She is happy now.”
I followed the direction my mother pointed and saw the wisdom of her words. Aithne and William were dancing, their laughter rising above the minstrel’s music. Their features held a radiant glow, and it was difficult to look away.
“Trust me. Her joy will far outweigh any regret she may feel. You did the right thing. Now come home.”
I nodded, and her hand brush against my cheek as she leaned forward and kissed me. I heard her footsteps fade softly, leaving me alone with Favian.
“Shall I take your memories, Brother?” He hadn’t spoken a word before, but as I turned from the humans, I was grateful he was here.
“No. Mother is correct. Aithne was a gift I shall forever cherish. If I take away the memory, I take away the gift. They will be mine to bear alone.” I clasped his shoulder, and squeezed.
“You truly love her.”
“I do, but eventually all things must end. Maybe there is wisdom in these flings you speak of.” Even as the words left my mouth, they felt hollow.
“Perhaps. Come, let’s return home. I’m sure we can find some kind of diversion.”
Following Favian, the shimmering portal linking our worlds revealed itself, and I glanced around one last time.
“Take care of my heart.”
And stepping through the opening, I said my final goodbye.


Coming 2013
Enchanted Frost

Will her love be enough to melt the heart of the Kingdom

About The Author
A homesick Aussie living amongst the cactus and mountains of Arizona, Belinda Boring is a self-proclaimed addict of romance and all things swoon worthy. When she's not devouring her latest read, you can find her celebrating her passion for books on her blog The Bookish Snob.

With all that excitement, it wasn’t long before she began writing, pouring her imagination and creativity into the stories she dreams. Whether urban fantasy, paranormal romance or romance in general, Belinda strives to share great plots with heart and characters that you can’t help but connect with. Of course, she wouldn’t be Belinda without adding heroes she hopes will curl your toes.

Surrounded by a supportive cast of family, friends and the man she gives her heart and soul to, Belinda is living the good life. Happy reading!

Where to find me:
Website: www.belindaboring.com
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/bookish.snob  
Twitter: https://twitter.com/thebookishsnob 

If you love the Fae, enjoy the following excerpt
from Broken Promises, Book One in the Brianna Lane series.


What would you do if the man you loved became one of your greatest enemies? Would your love be enough to save him?

All Bri wanted to do was spend her Friday night with the man she loved and adored. Little did she know leaving her home would result in her relationship with Quinn being tested beyond its limits.
Fae have been organizing to invade Earth, and their devious plans are culminating now, colliding with Bri's very existence. Using a powerful glamour, the Fae trigger each person's violent tendencies, turning the streets into a battleground and strangers against each other. In a crushing blow, Quinn becomes affected and Bri finds herself battling to save her lover from himself as he stalks her relentlessly, taunting her at every turn. 
But fighting for her love isn't her only worry. As the battle ensues, Bri discovers a startling truth about her own heritage that she must come to terms with. She has no other choice but to fight, leading her to a confrontation that will change her world forever - and threaten to leave her with broken promises.

Prologue

The private chambers of the Queen, Faery realm

“Enter.” 
The voice calling out through the door held a musical lilt—like tinkling bells dancing in a gentle breeze—carrying it across the room within. To the unassuming listener, the sound reflected an image of innocence and childlike quality, but to those who knew better, a cold indifference echoed just as loudly. 
The Queen’s advisor stood motionless, hand poised on the elegant handles leading to her private chambers. Even though he was new to the prestigious position, he hesitated at the sound of her voice. He didn’t want to report the latest news.
Images skated across his mind and he shuddered. The last fool who had delivered less than pleasing news had been tortured without mercy. No one could guarantee the mood they would find her in—her fickle reputation was notorious throughout the Court. Some made excuses for her extreme behavior, saying it was her age that made her somewhat unstable. Others said she found sick delight in making her subjects squirm under her scrutiny. There was one truth they all agreed on—everyone strove in finding ways to survive her temper. 
The advisor offered a hopeful prayer she was in good spirits, in the very least the bored and dismissive attitude she’d recently displayed. He released a nervous breath, however, knowing that what he was about to share could unleash her fiery temper. He didn’t want to find himself joining his predecessor. 
His hand trembled slightly as he continued to grip the entrance handle, pained over being this shaken. Naturally stronger in disposition, he wasn’t a fool—he knew the potential danger he was stepping into.
“Unless you wish to visit my dungeons, Orville, I would come through those doors now. I won’t be kept waiting.”
She knew it was him—she always did. He marveled how a sound so beautiful to the ears could be equally as threatening, striking fear in his heart. He swung the doors open after bracing himself and stepped into the dimly lit room.
He noticed the Queen wasn’t in her usual spot at the bay windows, sitting instead on the ornate chaise by the brick hearth. 
Part of her face was hidden in shadow; the other half glowing from the flickering light produced by the fire she had blazing. Orville found himself momentarily pausing as her undeniable beauty struck him—the same reaction he had each time he was in her presence.
Their people were naturally a graceful, beautiful, race. Human minstrels had dedicated sonnets about them for countless ages—their tireless infatuation immortalized by the written word. With just one glance, even the most uncreative amongst them began waxing poetic. As he approached his Ruler, Orville could see why. She was breathtaking.
She had recently started having her hair woven into intricate designs, feathering in the delicate flowers found only in Faery. The blonde, almost white, strands shimmered when light reflected off them, creating a glowing aura that some said portrayed innocence and vulnerability. Those were the fools who were easily ensnared by her—trapped by flights of fancy.
Her face was one of perfection. Large, doe-like eyes stood out—framed with the longest lashes he had ever seen. Her pale blue eyes shimmered against her ivory skin that was soft enough to touch.
Without a doubt, she gave the image of everything virtuous and pure, but he knew how deceptive those looks could be. There were many who had underestimated her, believing the Queen could be easily manipulated. Those buffoons were either still residing in the depths of her dungeons, or their heads were cruelly shoved on spikes—gruesomely displayed high on the palace walls.
No, Orville had promptly learned it was crucial, if not vital, to always remember the viciousness that lay deep within the Queen’s heart, and never forget.
Standing at the entrance, he’d hoped the room had been lighter so he could judge from her expression how she’d receive him. Without it, he needed to rely on her body language. Despite the many layers of soft taffeta and brocade she was wearing, he could see her foot furiously tapping, and instantly wished to be elsewhere.
It was just as he feared. She was upset, and he’d be lucky to leave with his head intact. With no other choice, he threw himself into a deep, respectful bow and held it until she gave him permission to straighten.
“Your Majesty, excuse the interruption but it is important that I speak with you.” He risked a brief peek through his cascading hair and saw her looking at him with vague annoyance. He dreaded the message he was instructed to deliver, but it was unavoidable. With the way things were unfolding, if he waited even a moment longer, it could spell certain disaster. 
“I have very little patience this evening, Orville. Speak quickly, and then leave by the way you came.” Her tone held an undeniable coldness. 
He waited to be released from his bow, but she remained silent. With no other option, Orville swallowed his pride and continued staring at the carpet.
“News has reached the Court about a disturbance, Your Highness. Someone has been secretly moving amongst the nobility to amass a group of supporters. Court gossip speculates plans are being made to cross over into the Human realm and if you don’t step in and crush this attempt, your subjects will rebel and overthrow you.” Orville closed his eyes, silently waiting as the Queen digested what he’d shared.
“And what do you think, Orville? What do you speculate?” There was a veiled threat loosely camouflaged in her soft whisper. 
He needed to tread carefully, his life hanging fragilely in the balance. “I think . . .” He paused to fortify his nerves. “I think it would be wise to investigate. I already have men who can go into the city and learn all they can. I just wait on your approval.”
He had barely finished talking before he realized she’d moved, quietly crossing the distance between them. A wave of cold fear spiked inside his chest as she bent over and murmured low in his ear.
“I don’t care what you think. I don’t care what the Court thinks. I am the Queen and my word is law. Why should I be concerned about what one person does? Tell me, Orville, why should I care who crosses over?”
She wrapped her hand abruptly around the back of his neck, forcing him into a deeper bow. His nose threatened to touch his knees, and he worried about falling head first onto the floor. Orville clenched his fists, struggling to hold his tongue and keep his balance. 
There was no point reasoning with her and even if he tried, it would result in his death. Clearly she wasn’t interested and believed the threat didn’t affect her—the walls of her palace giving her a false sense of security. “Annoy me with this gossip again and I will show you my temper and cruelty. If this reaches my ears once more, I will hold you personally responsible.” She tightened her grip, causing him to flinch. “Run if you choose, there’s nowhere you can hide in Faery to escape my displeasure . . . my fury. Do you understand?” The Queen swept her leg forward and kicked his feet from underneath him, sending him sprawling across the floor. 
Orville’s spine stiffened with stifled outrage. He had never been treated this way—never been forced to suffer such indignity. He was of noble birth and had anyone else treated him this way, he would’ve killed them where they stood—no questions asked. It was through arrogant pride that he’d found himself assigned to the Queen’s service—a decision he now regretted.
Adrenaline pumped through his system and caused the blood in his head to pound loudly in his ears. Fae vanity demanded he defend himself, yet Orville continued to lie on the floor. He removed any sign of defiance from his eyes and body language, knowing even the slightest display would end his life. 
“Yes, I think you understand,” the Queen purred, standing over him. “Now get out of my sight.” As she turned away, Orville moved quickly and was through the door a moment later. 
He didn’t need to be told twice. Without another look, he fled.


The private chambers of the High Priestess, Human realm

“Something’s stirring and we’re worried, Ruth. Even the animals are scared, and poor Sally has retreated into her room, refusing to come out. We’ve been searching through the annals hoping for another explanation for the restlessness. All the signs point to one thing—serious trouble.” 
The voice on the phone sounded tired and Ruth could only imagine the long hours that had been spent looking for answers before they’d notified her. As High Priestess, she knew this conversation hadn’t been an easy one for Michelle. She’d also sensed the unease churning over the past few days and had decided to send out inquiries. It had proven unnecessary, however, as phone calls began pouring in by mid-morning—this being one of many she’d already taken.
Ruth rubbed her face, trying to stay awake as she gathered her thoughts. She hadn’t slept in days. Each time she closed her eyes frightening images filled her mind. It was the one thing she disliked about the office she held.
Her nightmares were crowded with scenes of mass destruction. She saw war, death, and lifeless bodies piled high—blood drenching every surface, terrified screams, loud and deafening. Dragged from these tormenting visions, she’d sat up from a dead sleep, her heart beating furiously as she found herself twisted up in bed sheets. She dripped with chilled sweat, her mind frantically trying to make sense of the madness. But it was elusive and Ruth was soon left with nothing but a few snippets and a gut wrenching fear. She slept again with the hope of learning more, but each time she’d awakened with nothing. The nightmares came when they chose to, and she hated being this blind. It didn’t bode well.
As a seer, Ruth’s station allowed her insight through dreams and visions. Whatever was occurring around the world had found a way to block her ability and it shook her to the core. This kind of disturbance could mean only one thing.
“People are scared. They need answers, and I haven’t anything to calm their fears. I worry if we don’t tell them something they will go out looking themselves. If it’s as bad as I feel it is, they’ll only get themselves hurt, even killed,” Michelle added.
“Have you gone to the sacred grove there?” Ruth asked. She held her breath for the response she knew was coming, her stomach clenched tightly with worry. 
The groves were the cornerstone of their faith, places of infinite power and all they held dear. What looked like ordinary clusters of trees and greenery were in fact magical hot spots—places where the veil between realms was thin. Visitors from other worlds used these portals, and it was the Order’s sacred duty to stand sentinel—guarding mankind from invasion. 
“Yes.” The anxiety in Michelle’s voice was unmistakable. “I made the trip this morning and what I felt there broke my heart. It seems like something is oozing out from the portal, a darkness. I’ve never felt anything like it before, and I pray I never will again. It doesn’t look good. It doesn’t look good at all.”
There was a pause in the conversation, both waiting for the other to say it. Ruth knew exactly what Michelle had felt—the same disturbing feeling had come over her when she’d visited the grove this morning. The powerful sensation, which usually coursed through her body, giving her clarity in her duties, had left her nauseous and weak. Something was altering the energy balance, distorting it, and Michelle’s report simply confirmed it.
“They’re coming, aren’t they?” The voice on the other end spoke softly.
A lump rose in Ruth’s throat as if to stop her from answering the question. She desperately wanted to deny the truth, declare the occurrences as mere fluctuations that meant nothing. She choked on the words and a cold wave of dread sank deep into her heart.
“Yes.” Ruth released her own breath of resignation at the sound of Michelle’s gasp. “There is only one reason for this change in the portals, and it isn’t in our favor. The last time they came, it took everything the Order had to fight against them.”
“Is there anything else we can do?” Ruth heard the plea in Michelle’s voice—the need for a positive answer.
“All I’ve read and been taught has shown us being victorious but only after a long and bloody battle. I have the records handed down from High Priestess to High Priestess I can review.” The authority rang through her voice as she spoke with the power of her office. “Take aside those you can trust and give them the assignment to dig deeper into the archives. Tell them to talk with no one but you, and keep me informed. We have tried and tested methods; let’s look for any forgotten advantage.” 
“Yes, my Lady,” Michelle formally replied, her tone lined with newly found determination. “I know who to ask, and hopefully by the end of today we’ll have learned something helpful.” 
As the conversation came to a close, a feeling crashed over Ruth and she knew it couldn’t be ignored. “As gently as you can, have everyone talk with their families to warn them. If things worsen, events will move quickly, and there may not be much time later. It’s important they don’t panic, so do what you can to ease their fears. It’s only as a precaution, but when the Spirit whispers . . . it’s necessary.” 
“I’ll see to it straight away,” Michelle responded. She made plans to check in later and hung up.
Ruth stood briefly with the receiver in her hand, hearing the beeping dial tone. It was official—the order given—Michelle the last of the sisters to call. They were all aware now, starting preparations, and the only thing left to do was pray they’d be ready for the threat approaching. 
She sighed and braced herself for what she needed to do next. Ruth lifted the receiver back to her ear and began dialing a new number. This call was being made with great reluctance because she knew she was about to changes someone’s world—a person she loved and cherished above all else.
Please let me say the right words, she silently chanted, waiting for the other end to pick up. And please, forgive me for the promise I’m about to break.


