
Epitaph

Karla Brandenburg

Thank you to Terry Carlson at the Elgin Granite Works/St. Charles Memorial Works for walking me through the monument business. To the Elgin Historical Society for their awesome cemetery walk through a beautiful memorial park. And to my critique group, who have suffered through numerous incarnations of this story until I finally got it right. 


Epitaph
Karla Brandenburg
Copyright 2017 © Karla Lang
All rights reserved.


This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, graphic, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, taping, or by any information storage retrieval system, without the permission in writing from the author. 

Any resemblance to actual people or events is purely coincidental.  

This is a work of fiction.

For information, contact Karla@KarlaBrandenburg.com

Cover art by The Killion Group

The Northwest Suburbs Series:
Cookie Therapy
Return to Hoffman Grove
Living Canvas
Touched by the Sun
Cookie Therapy
“This captivating, heartwarming contemporary is perfect blend of romance and poignancy as a couple effectively addresses the aftereffects of tough choices from their past. Timely and relatable topics elevate the story above ordinary. This well-crafted novel is supported by deftly crafted secondary characters, small town charm, and consistent pacing, while sensitive issues are handled with grace. While this book works very well as a standalone, readers will be interested in reading the entire series.”
–BookLife Prize for Fiction

“I really, really enjoyed this book... I laughed, wanted to cry at times and fell in love with Hoffman Grove for the second time… I have a new favorite book!!”
– Hines & Bigham’s Literary Tryst

“Cookies may be her vice... but Matthew Billings is quickly becoming her addiction.”
– In D’Tale Magazine
Return to Hoffman Grove
“Karla Brandenburg has created a wonderful world in Hoffman Grove, full of old friends struggling with personal demons while trying to hang on to those relationships that helped them through the most tumultuous times of their lives.” 
—Readers Favorite.com

“This is a great story about friendship, love and forgiveness with a great twist of suspense… I love when a book can make me laugh.”
— Hines and Bigham's Literary Tryst

Chapter I

“I hear ethereal whispers-
persuasive, soft and still.
“Daughter, if you don’t remember us-
who will?”
Kevin McCormick raised the collar on his corduroy jacket as he left the coffee shop. October had arrived with a blustery wind that swirled autumn leaves through the air. The damp chill made the weather feel colder than it was.
He walked the two blocks to the monument shop, to the assignment from his editor for one of the Halloween editions of the newspaper. Claudia Benson, the Mrs. member of the family business, had sounded reluctant to do the interview when Kevin called to ask about their popular epitaph trade which set them apart from the other monument shops.
When he’d set up the interview, Mrs. Benson had tried to steer him toward the symbolism of the grave markers, which would also make for good copy. Odd she wouldn’t want the publicity for their hallmark in the industry. He’d tread lightly, see where the story took him. Sometimes feature articles led to hard-hitting news, at least that’s what Kevin’s editor told him.
Yeah, right. Frank Craig had been on the city desk for more than ten years and he wasn’t likely to go anywhere anytime soon. A town the size of Edgarville, Illinois, didn’t see enough crime to support two beat writers. Edgarville didn’t see much crime, period. Kevin was lucky the Banner Journal had hired him on at all, but in the five years he’d spent with the paper since he’d gotten his degree, he was itching to write something more than the usual fluff.
Granite markers adorned the patch of grass in front of the plate glass windows. Stenciled letters on the door confirmed he’d arrived at his destination. Kevin pulled the door open and stepped inside. The sales floor exhibited more gravestones in different colors of granite, with granite tiles mounted to the wall, each with samples of different lettering. A round table with a white Formica top was set in front of the window, four wooden folding chairs around it. Three desks were set up at the rear of the sales floor, with a door in the wall behind them. 
A woman with shoulder-length black hair rolled from behind a desk partition, smiled and rose from her seat. “How can I help you?” she asked. Her face was softened by years, grace lines defining her cheeks rather than sharp bones, with crow’s feet around her eyes. 
“Kevin McCormick,” he replied, shaking her hand.
Her smile tightened. “That reporter,” she said.
“Yes, ma’am. And you must be Claudia Benson.” He glanced over his shoulder, at the cemetery across the street. “You certainly have a prime location.”
“Yes, we do. It helps to be close to where the materials are used.” She waved a hand toward the table by the front window. “Have a seat. I set out a book that I thought you might find interesting, and a pamphlet from the last cemetery walk the Chamber of Commerce did.”
Kevin waited until she’d taken a seat before he sat. He laid his notepad on the table and pulled his pencil from behind his ear. The book was a catalog of grave markers. Why wouldn’t she want to promote their claim to fame? The epitaphs? But he’d wait her out, set her at ease. “You’d mentioned the symbolism might be a good place to start my article.”
Claudia opened the catalog and leaned toward him, pointing out the photos as she went. “Angels are often used on children’s graves.” She flipped the page. “Obelisks point to heaven. The symbols represent something to the people who lie beneath them, whether it’s their religion or the things they enjoyed while they were alive.” She turned another page and pointed out books made of granite. “This book is closed, which marks the end of their story here on earth. Other people might have an open book so people can read the story of their lives.”
Kevin scribbled notes. He hadn’t known there were so many options. When his youngest sister died, the funeral director had only shown them a handful of plain markers. Then again, Kevin’s mother had made it clear she was on a tight budget which didn’t allow for frills. A pang of residual grief poked his chest. His older sister had charged him with protecting the rest of their siblings when she’d moved away, but after their father left, he’d figured the biggest threat was gone. 
Claudia had gone quiet, and when Kevin looked up, her head was cocked to one side while she studied him. “You’ve lost someone recently,” she said.
“What makes you say that?” he asked.
“I see grief every day someone walks into this shop. I recognize it well enough.”
“I lost my sister a year ago,” he told her. 
She reached across the table for his hand and nodded. 
“Claudia?” A man in a flannel shirt and blue jeans appeared in the door at the back of the showroom floor. His cheeks were ruddy and windswept brown hair was interspersed with gray.
“My husband, Randy Benson,” Claudia introduced. “This is Kevin, that reporter who called.”
Randy strode toward him, pulling off a glove and extending his hand. “Pleasure to meet you.” He cast a quick glance over his shoulder and stepped to one side. A woman stood behind him. “This is my daughter, Amy.” He kissed Claudia on the cheek. “Jedidiah Collins’ stone is set.”
“I’ll let Mrs. Collins know.”
Amy wore a purple wrap. Her jeans were marked by dark spots at the knees. An oak leaf was caught in her mousy brown hair, and her cheeks, like her father’s, shone red, most likely from being out in the wind. She nodded a greeting, her expression guarded. Her eyes locked onto Kevin. Beautiful eyes that shone like amber marbles. 
Randy Benson cleared his throat, and when Kevin turned to look at him, Randy assessed him with raised eyebrows. Claudia’s head was cocked to the side again, a different sort of smile on her face.
What had he missed?
“Amy’s our epitaph writer,” Claudia said. 
~ ~ ~
The man standing beside the table with Amy’s mother was built like a spark plug. His hair was the color of a well-worn penny, his eyes the color of a seafoam crayon—Amy had never seen eyes quite that color. He wasn’t drop-dead gorgeous, but those eyes were mesmerizing.
“Pleasure to meet you,” he said.
“He’s a reporter,” her mother repeated. “You can tell him about the epitaphs. Why don’t you give him a tour of the cemetery?”
Amy tore her attention away from the man to stare at her mother. Her grandfather had taught her that while she had a gift, it wasn’t meant to be examined too closely. In his words, that would be inviting the devil to dinner. “But…” 
“I’m sure you won’t expose any trade secrets,” her mother said with a wink.
What was she supposed to say? Amy glanced at Kevin and scowled. “What do you want to know?”
“Won’t you sit with us?” Kevin asked.
His voice warmed her like a sip of liqueur. Amy took a seat and found herself staring at Kevin’s eyes again. They were remarkable, by far his most attractive feature.
“If I understand correctly, you’re the fourth generation in the family business,” Kevin said.
“Yes, I am,” Amy replied.
“That’s quite an accomplishment in this day and age,” he said. “What motivates you to carry the torch, to keep it going?”
“I’m not sure I have a choice, it’s more of a calling. I’ve been watching my grandfather, and then my father, cutting stones for as long as I can remember.”
“And you write the epitaphs,” he said.
Nope, he hadn’t missed that piece of information. Amy shot her mother a nervous glance. “Yes.”
“Where are my manners?” her mother said. “Can I get you something to drink, Kevin?” She tugged Amy’s father by the arm and turned toward the workshop.
“No, thank you,” Kevin replied.
“Will you excuse us for a minute, then?” her mother said. They disappeared into the back, although they left the door open.
Amy closed her eyes and drew a deep breath. Kevin must be single, or at least her mother assumed he was since she suddenly wanted him to interview Amy. Hopefully, Kevin wouldn’t notice the clumsy attempt to throw them together. 
“Tell me about the epitaphs,” he said. “Do you have a library people flip through? How do they decide what to put on a stone?”
“Each one is personal,” she told him. “People generally know what they want on the stone, but sometimes something about a person strikes me and I offer a suggestion.”
“Kind of like ‘would you like fries with that?’” He smirked. “Upselling?”
He thought her gift was a joke. Might as well give him something to laugh about. “More like the dead tell me what they want to say.”
His eyes widened. “The dead speak to you?”
She couldn’t do it. She couldn’t tell him. Amy pursed her lips. “I have a strong sense of intuition. I’m good at reading people.”
Kevin laid his pencil on his notebook and leaned across the table. “As a healthy, vibrant woman, don’t you find graveyards morbid?”
“Not at all.” Amy smiled. She recognized the attitude and looked out the window at the setting sun. “I suppose you could call me a taphophile. I’m fascinated by tombstones. There’s a beauty in the material of the stones, the craftsmanship of the engraving, the symbolism portrayed. And cemeteries are quiet. Respectful and reverent.”
"Taphophile," Kevin repeated. "Can you spell that?"
Amy watched as he wrote each letter. “It’s our business,” she told him “To add dignity to someone’s passing by leaving a reminder of their contribution to the world.”
Kevin scribbled her words. “I like that.”
Her brothers chose that moment to push through the front door, laughing about something or other. They stopped dead when they saw Amy sitting with Kevin.
Their mother rushed out of the shop to run interference. “Kevin, these are my sons, Thad, Garth and Brian.” She sent a warning glance at the three of them. “Kevin is a reporter. The paper is doing a Halloween series, and they were nice enough to ask us to help with an article about cemetery symbolism and epitaphs.” She narrowed her eyes at each of them in turn. “It will be a nice bit of free advertising.”
Amy’s brothers each stepped up to shake Kevin’s hand. 
“Everything okay, Sis?” Garth asked, looking at Amy while he shook Kevin’s hand.
Really? “And why wouldn’t it be?” she replied. She’d known Kevin all of ten minutes. Even if he wasn’t here to date her, she was tired of her troglodyte brothers scaring off every man she talked to. He certainly wouldn’t ask her out now, even if she wanted him to.
Did she want him to?
“Maybe you’d like to see some of Amy’s work,” her mother said to Kevin. “Amy, why don’t you take him out to the cemetery, help him understand how you feel about it.” 
That was a bad idea. “I don’t know…” Her connection to the cemetery had earned her the nickname Crazy Amy.
Kevin pushed away from the table but continued to make notes. He dotted an exaggerated period on the notebook and nodded to Amy. “Show me the way.”
Amy glanced at the brochures on the table. She could do this. She’d show him the array of markers, help him understand why people selected things other than a standard headstone. He didn’t have to find out about her strange gift. She pushed to her feet with a nervous smile.
Kevin stood beside her, a few inches taller than Amy’s five-foot-seven. He was broad about the shoulders and wide at the waist, although she couldn’t consider him fat. His coloring reminded her of a leprechaun. “Kevin. That’s an Irish name, isn’t it?” 
“Yes ma’am. I still have family back in the old country.” He tapped his pencil on his notebook as they left the shop and walked up the block.
They passed through the stone gateposts, through the iron gate. Amy closed her eyes, pausing to feel the peace. A breeze caressed her face. She touched the stones lovingly in passing, and each responded with a sigh only she could hear.
Amy paused beside Jedidiah Collins’ stone. “We just came in from planting this stone,” she told Kevin. The imprints of her knees showed in the damp leaves where she’d helped to clean the epoxy between the base and the marker. 
Kevin pointed at the headstone with his pencil. “The epitaph. A poem by Shelley?”
Clearly, he wasn’t going to give up on the epitaph thing. “You know your poetry,” she said. “His widow told me he used to send her poetry when he was serving in the war. He said it gave the world a sense of humanity amidst all the killing.”
Kevin stopped to scribble more notes. He stared at Amy a moment, pencil poised as if in mid-thought. “And you suggested the epitaph?”
Her heart skittered. “I did.”
“You do seem comfortable out here, among the graves.”
With a sideways grin, Amy raised one eyebrow. He’d never understand. “There’s more to a cemetery than dead people.”
“What about the dead people?” he prodded. “You said something about them talking to you. Did Mr. Collins tell you what he wanted on his stone?”
And why was she surprised he couldn’t let go of the epitaph thing? He’d told her mother that’s what he wanted to write about when he’d set up the interview. Amy closed her eyes to compose herself, and then decided for the truth. “Yes.”
Kevin took a step back. “Not every stone out here has an epitaph. Some markers only have names and dates.”
“That’s true. Can I show you examples of the more unique markers? There are lots of different examples in this cemetery …”
“How many markers carry epitaphs?”
Amy shrugged. “Engraving can be costly. Not everyone can afford it. Some people don’t need to say anything more.”
“Some people? You mean dead people?”
Amy crossed her arms. “I suppose.”
“Are there people who should have epitaphs and don’t?”
Instinctively, Amy looked up the hill to where Mary McCormick lay. This reporter was pushing her into dangerous territory. She did not want to have Benson Monuments portrayed as a money grubbing business that pushed epitaphs, or worse, eccentric people who spoke to the dead. How was she supposed to answer that question?
“There are, then,” he said, his voice carrying a cynical tone. “What do you do in those cases? You seem like the type of woman who wants to give the dearly departed their voices.”
She hated the defensive edge that had crept into her voice. “I can’t force people to put epitaphs on headstones. Likewise, I can’t justify the cost to satisfy my own ego. All I can do is offer suggestions and, often enough, people don’t care for my ideas.”
He wasn’t writing anymore. Kevin stared at her. A gust of wind blew her hair across her face and she brushed it back.
“You’re okay with that?” he asked. “Getting a message from the great beyond that you can’t put on a tombstone?”
“You’re making fun of me.”
“Actually, I’m serious.” 
She considered for minute. He didn’t look like he was making fun of her. “There isn’t much I can do if the family doesn’t want my epitaph.”
He smirked. “Do the dead haunt you until their wishes are carved, or not carved, in stone?” 
“I can’t say I’ve ever been haunted.”
Kevin put his notebook in his pocket, slid his pencil behind his ear and held up his hands. “Off the record.”
“Why would I give you the opportunity to portray me or my family’s business as something out of a Stephen King novel?” As quickly as the words came out, taunts of “Crazy Amy” replayed in her head. “I don’t expect you to believe I hear the voices of the dead. My talent isn’t about ghosts or haunting.” Amy cringed at the demand for justice echoing inside her head. “They’re only my impressions.” She rubbed her forehead, trying to erase Mary McCormick's insistent cry.
Kevin took a step closer, inside her personal space. He lowered his voice to a whisper. “I’m not making fun of you. I have family buried here. If I had come to you for the headstones, what would you have suggested for their inscriptions?” 
A test. 
She gazed into his mesmerizing green eyes and her insides turned to jelly. What was it about this man that appealed to her so much? She moistened her lips, dry from the October wind. “I’d have to see the marker. Sometimes there isn’t any more to be said.” Amy tilted her head. “I know most of the headstones in this cemetery. My mother didn’t give me your last name.”
“McCormick. Kevin McCormick.”
Amy shivered and glanced up the hill, at the grave beside the oak tree. “Are you related to Mary McCormick?”
The smile left his eyes. “She was my sister.”
“What happened to her?”
His gaze didn't waver. “She died.” 
Amy waited for him to elaborate.
Kevin licked his lips. “Are you saying she wants something on her stone?”
“You didn’t buy it from us. I wouldn’t expect you to want another one.” This was her chance to give the girl peace. “How did she die?”
The color drained from Kevin’s face. “She fell.”
Amy tilted her head, not sure she’d heard. “There must be something more. She’s screaming for justice.”

Chapter II
Murdered by a traitor and a coward whose name is not worthy to appear here

Amy returned to the monument shop, tugged off her wrap and stormed to her mother’s desk. “So you want to tell me why you fed me to the wolves?” 
Her mother widened her eyes in an expression of innocence. “Whatever do you mean?”
“Didn’t you tell me yesterday you didn’t want a reporter writing us up as a bunch of kooks, and that our epitaph business was none of his concern?”
“Yes, well, after meeting him, I changed my mind. I thought we should show off our trade secret.”
“What’d he do to you?” Garth asked, darkening the open shop door.
“And you,” Amy turned to her brother. “Back off. I’m sick to death of you guys flexing your muscles every time I have a conversation with a man.”
“You looked at him like he was a bar of chocolate,” Thad called from the workshop. 
Amy cringed. “A bar of chocolate?”
Her mother leaned toward her. “How old are you now? Twenty-five? Surely you’ve learned the art of discretion by now. I know you wouldn’t tell him anything that would portray you—or us—in a bad light. And I’m pretty sure he liked you, too.”
“I’m pretty sure you’re wrong. All of you.” Amy sighed. Okay, yeah, she had found Kevin McCormick appealing, but experience told her the sarcasm he’d thrown her way would turn into derision. 
Her mother took Amy’s arm and stared into her eyes, searching for what Amy wasn’t saying. “You scared him away? Amy Louise, I’d like to see you settled before my dotage.”
“Me? What about these gorillas?” She waved a hand at Garth, and at Thad and Brian who stood behind him. Amy dropped into the desk chair behind the CAD computer, studying the work orders to be made into stencils for the stones. “My life is fine the way it is, thank you very much.”
“Don’t you boys have a stone to set?” her mother asked, shooing her brothers away. 
Garth raised his eyebrows. “We already set today’s stones.”
“Go,” she said. Her mother waited until she heard the garage door at the back of the workshop close before she asked Amy, “What did you say to him?” 
Amy huffed. “You know the grave beside the oak up on the hill?”
“The girl whose obituary you couldn’t find?” her mother asked. 
Amy nodded. “She was his sister.”
Her mother rolled her eyes. “And you told him she’s looking for justice. Isn’t that what you’re always saying?” She raised her arms. “I should know better. After all these years. We’ll be lucky if he doesn’t write us up as a bunch of kooks. An article in the paper seemed like a good idea at the time. Free publicity. And you…” Her mother paused to take a breath and then gave Amy a bittersweet smile. “Well, you helped put us where we are today, you and your epitaphs. There will be other boys.”
Amy cocked an eyebrow. “I’m a little past the ‘boys’ stage, Mom.”
“You know what I mean.”
Amy picked up a work order to typeset and her mother covered Amy’s hand. “You shouldn’t deprive yourself of chocolate when it presents itself, in a manner of speaking.”
Heat rose in Amy’s cheeks and she put her hands over her ears. “If you’re implying what I think you are, I’m not talking about this with you.”
“I suppose it’s irrelevant,” her mother said, “if you’ve already scared him off.”
Her father walked in from the shop. “That boy sure was shooting off sparks.” 
“Hardly a boy, Daddy.”
Her father grinned. “We’ll see soon enough what your young man is made of.”
“Pretty sure it isn’t chocolate,” Amy muttered, sending her father into fits of laughter.
~ ~ ~
Kevin retrieved his laptop from his car before he settled into a corner booth in the nearly empty coffee shop to transcribe his notes.
“Can I bring you anything, Mac?” Sandra called from behind the counter.
“Hot chocolate? And an apple fritter if you still have one.”
She nodded and turned to fill his order.
She’s screaming for justice.
Kevin closed his eyes and massaged his forehead. What would make Amy Benson say something like that? His Halloween feature about graveyards had taken a ghostly turn. How had epitaphs turned into messages from the great beyond? If something criminal had happened to his sister, he’d know. As much as he wanted a spot on the city desk, investigating his sister’s death was not the article he wanted to write. Amy’s allegation wasn’t credible. What was her angle?
“Everything okay?” Sandra asked, setting a plate in front of him.
Kevin straightened and smiled. “Trying to find the right slant on this story. How much do I owe you?”
She handed him a receipt and he dug money from his pocket. “Keep the change.”
“Holler if you need anything else.” She hesitated. “You want company? You look a little ruffled.”
He shook his head. “I’m good, thanks.”
She nodded and walked away with a gentle sway of hips tucked into tight blue jeans. Sandra was cute enough, thin with long blonde hair, but he didn’t feel that connection with her. The connection he’d immediately felt with Amy Benson. 
And where did that thought come from? 
Amy might be a little odd, but there was something about her. If she did have information on Mary’s death, it might be worth asking her out. 
Or he could just ask her out.
Kevin shook his head again and broke off a piece of the fritter. 
He should focus on the grave markers, the way Claudia Benson suggested, and then he could throw in the epitaph thing as an afterthought. What else was he supposed to write? That the dead conveyed their last thoughts to Amy Benson?
He grabbed his head with both hands and grimaced. She must have been joking, but why would she say Mary wanted justice? 
One of Amy’s brothers walked into the shop—Kevin wasn’t sure which one. All of them looked like offensive linemen protecting a quarterback—their sister. Her brother didn’t seem to notice Kevin, heading straight for Sandra. If Kevin had ever considered asking Sandra out, the way she fawned over Amy’s brother immediately changed his mind. And Garth—that was his name—was eating it up.
A reminder popped up on Kevin’s computer. Friday night dinner with his mother. He looked at the untouched cup of hot chocolate and the remnants of the apple fritter. He could write the story at his mother’s, take comfort in his remaining family.
“Everything okay?” Sandra called from the cash register while Kevin packed up to leave.
Garth turned and narrowed his eyes, seeing Kevin for the first time. Yeah, Kevin got the veiled threat, the stay away from my sister. Kevin had sisters, too, and Kevin had played football. He returned the glower.
“Forgot about an appointment,” Kevin told Sandra.
“I can put your hot chocolate in a go cup for you.”
His mother always had Assam black tea, which sounded more comforting right now than hot chocolate.
“Not this time.” Kevin raised his collar and left, stowing his computer in the trunk of his car before he drove to his mother’s.
When he arrived at the family home, his sister Kathleen’s car pulled into the driveway ahead of him. She stepped out and waited for him, her curly hair whipping like flames in the wind.
“You’re early,” she called to him when he got out of his car.
“Figured I’d write my story here.” He circled to the trunk, retrieved his computer and met her on the sidewalk that led to the kitchen door. The ache for Mary kicked his heart, and Kevin hugged Kathleen with one arm, more tightly than he might have any other day, grateful she was alive and well and standing beside him. 
“Sometimes it’s nice to come home,” she said softly.
“That it is,” he replied, and then cleared his throat. “How’s school going? And you know, if you miss home, Ma would be more than happy to have you commuting back and forth to the university. It’s only an hour’s drive there and back.”
Kathleen narrowed her eyes at him. “School’s going fine, and we all agreed it would be best for me to be out on my own, did we not?”
“We did.” Kevin smiled at her and opened the screen door, stepping aside while Kathleen opened the kitchen door.
“Kathleen, love,” Ma called out. “Just in time, I’ll be needin’ you to set the table, if you please.” 
Kevin wrinkled his nose. “Colcannon?” he asked.
“Yes. And you’re here airly,” Ma said, tilting her cheek up for him to kiss.
“You know I prefer champ to colcannon,” he told her.
“It’s all mashed potatoes,” Kathleen said.
“Not a fan of cooked cabbage,” Kevin replied.
“And I’ll remember that on yer birthday,” Ma said. “Tonight you’ll eat what I cook with the rest of us.”
“You can’t even taste the cabbage,” Kathleen said.
Kevin paused to admire his mother at work. Her smooth hair, white for most of the years he could remember, was caught in a bun at the back of her neck. The tiny woman looked harmless from a distance, but he’d seen the way she stood up to his father, even when Siobhan didn’t think Ma had done enough to protect the rest of them from the abuse. Ma glanced his direction and brilliant blue eyes twinkled as her face creased with a smile. 
“You’ve an hour yet before Liam gets home,” Ma said. “What brings you by?”
“I have a story to write. Figured I’d do that here.”
“And what’s this story about?”
His breath hitched. “Benson Monuments.”
“And who might that be?”
“They sell tombstones down by Mount Hope.”
“Mmm.” Ma wrinkled her nose. “Doesn’t sound very cheery.”
“There’s a woman who writes epitaphs. She was interesting.” 
Ma wiped her hands on her apron and gave Kevin a wistful smile. “I suppose she’ll want you to put an epitaph on our Mary’s stone? Those stone cutters, always trying to get more from you.”
Kevin shrugged and pulled a chair away from the table. “She didn’t try to sell me anything.” 
“Interesting?” Kathleen said, pulling plates from the cupboard. “Sounds a bit dull. Was she old?”
Kevin unloaded his computer at his assigned place while Kathleen tried to set the table. She scowled and set his plate closer to the center instead of in front of him.
“I’d guess she’s in her twenties,” Kevin said.
Kathleen straightened and cocked her head. “And she writes epitaphs? Does she dress all in black? Like Wednesday Addams?”
Kevin laughed. “When I met her, she was wearing blue jeans and a purple fleece coat thingy.”
“Piercings? Tattoos?” Kathleen asked.
“Very normal looking.” So why was he so drawn to her? At least until she’d told him Mary wanted justice. Kevin dropped into his chair and focused on his computer.
“What?” Kathleen said.
He looked up to find her leaning toward him, one hand on the tabletop. “Would you like to fill in the rest of that question?” he asked.
“The way you looked away. The way your computer suddenly got so interesting. What aren’t you saying? I know you well enough to see when you’re holding something back.” She tilted her head to one side. “Is it the girl? She’s pretty?”
Which was worse? Being teased for his attraction to Amy Benson or telling them what she’d said?
Kevin reached for Ma’s teapot, lifted the lid and inhaled the aroma. He poured himself a cup and when he faced the family again, they stared at him, waiting for his answer to Kathleen’s question. “You women, always looking for something more where there isn’t anything.” 
“You’d think those stonecutters would give up after the stone’s already been set,” Ma muttered. 
“She didn’t ask to add an epitaph,” Kevin repeated.
Liam burst through the kitchen door, dropping his soccer bag. “Who wants to write an epitaph?” 
“Nobody,” Kevin replied, casting significant glances at both his mother and Kathleen. “We were talking about the story I’m writing.”
“You’re writing a story about epitaphs?” Liam shook his head like a wet dog, his sleek black hair falling into place. “Sounds like front page news.” 
Kevin scowled. “And the symbolism of headstones,” he added.
“That makes all the difference,” Liam said, settling into his spot at the table.
Kathleen pulled out her chair, eyes locked on Kevin. “He met a girl who writes epitaphs. A very normal looking girl, according to Kevin, although normal sounds an awful lot like pretty to me.”
“Can you stop?” Kevin said.
“And she wants to write an epitaph for our Mary?” Liam asked.
Kevin sighed. “She didn’t say that.” He glanced at his mother, his heart heavy. “It was strange. She asked how Mary died.”
Kathleen raised an eyebrow. “Why? Was she hoping to write something blood curdling? She must have been disappointed when you told her.” 
“And why are we bringing up unpleasant memories this evening?” Kevin’s cousin, Mick, leaned against the door that led from the kitchen to the living room. “I didn’t realize it came with the cod and colcannon.” Mick strolled into the kitchen, put an arm around Ma and kissed her cheek. “Thanks for inviting me to dinner, Auntie.”
“Go on with you.” She swatted in his direction. “What else have I got to do but feed this brood?”
“So who’s asking about Mary?” Mick asked.
“Some woman at the cemetery,” Kathleen replied.
“She wants to write an epitaph,” Ma said.
Kevin winced. “She didn’t say she wanted to write an epitaph. That’s what she does. She asked me how Mary died.”
Liam turned his chair so that he faced the ladder back and sat. “Why would she care?” 
“She tell you why she wanted to know?” Mick asked, taking a seat, “this woman at the cemetery?”
“Some nonsense about Mary crying for justice,” Kevin said. He stared at his blank computer screen, sighed again and closed the laptop. He wasn’t going to be able to write the story here. 
Mick, who had been rocking precariously in his chair, set all four legs abruptly on the floor. His russet eyebrows came together over bright blue eyes. 
Kevin shrugged. “I told her Mary’s death was an accident.”
Ma crossed herself. “Why would she say such a thing?” She squeezed her eyes tight and turned away with a sniffle.
Kathleen shot Kevin a glare. “Way to go, Potatohead.” She put her arm around their mother’s shoulders. 
“It was everyone else who asked about the story.” Kevin tucked his laptop into his computer bag.
Ma accepted Kathleen’s embrace for only a moment, then wiped her eyes with her apron.
“What makes her think Mary needs justice?” Mick asked.
Kevin raised his eyebrows to his cousin, with a nod to Ma. Didn’t Mick see how the conversation upset his mother?
“Well? It seems like a strange thing to say out of the blue like that,” Mick went on.
“And I told her she was mistaken.” Kevin enunciated each word. “Now, can we let this drop?”
“Seems to me someone should have a reason to say something like that.” Mick turned to each of his cousins before he shrugged. “You know, Auntie, I can’t stay for dinner after all. I’m supposed to meet a customer at the store this evening.”
Ma put a pan of fish under the broiler. “Don’t be silly. You came all this way. You don’t want to be turning around and going back now on an empty stomach. Dinner’s nearly ready.”
“All this talk of Mary.” Kathleen flipped her long curls onto her back. “It’s enough to spoil anyone’s appetite.”
“How was soccer practice?” Kevin asked Liam in an attempt to redirect the conversation.
“A scout for the Chicago Fire showed up. They’re recruiting from the local junior colleges. I think I gave them a good showing.”
“What’s the name of this epitaph writer?” Mick asked.
Why wouldn’t Mick let it go? Kevin sent his cousin another glare. “Why all this interest in my story?” 
“Well of course we're interested in your work,” Ma said. She brushed a sleeve across her nose. “Now everyone sit down. Kathleen, we need drinks on the table, Love.”
Kevin rose to stand beside his mother and whispered, “I’m sorry, Ma." With an arm around her waist he gave her a gentle squeeze. “I miss Mary. That’s why I came early.”
She patted his cheek and gave him a smile. “I know, darlin’. I know.”
Mick held up his cell phone. “I’d better call that customer and let him know I’m going to be late.” He stepped outside and closed the door behind him. 
“Tell him not to be too long,” Ma said to Kathleen.
Kathleen followed Mick out, leaving the door open. “Dinner’s ready,” she told him. “You did say you were going to stay.” 
Mick held up a finger. 
“Don’t give me that ‘just a minute,’ Michael McCormick. It’s ready now.”
Mick disconnected his call and faced Kathleen, who stood beside him, hands on hips. Then he did something Kevin hadn’t expected. He drew Kathleen in for a hug.
Maybe Mick wasn’t as unaffected by Mary’s death as his thoughtless questions implied.

Chapter III
Thomas Tilson Esq, 
Who cheerfully resigned this mortal life on 23rd November1744
Moments before the monument shop was due to close, Amy opened the door for an elderly man who leaned heavily on a cane. He had windblown tufts of white hair and bushy gray eyebrows over washed out brown eyes.
“How can I help you?” Amy’s mother said.
“Funeral home sent me to pick out a stone,” the man said. 
“You must be Mr. Burke,” Amy said. “My condolences on the loss of your wife.” The room shifted and her throat closed up. Amy reached for one of the chairs, closed her eyes and drew a controlled breath. A hand closed over hers—her mother’s—and her mother took over.
“We have the standard stones here on the floor for you to look over,” she said. “The different colors of granite. Black is nice for laser engraving if you have a picture you’d like on the stone. The prices are on each stone, and we also have a catalog if you were looking for a more unique memorial.”
“Something simple,” he said. “Might as well make it a double wide to save the trouble of looking for one for me later on.” 
Amy’s mother shot a sidelong glance at Amy, letting Amy know she’d recognized the ‘psychic intrusion’ that came with the communication of an epitaph. “I don’t mean to make your grief any more difficult, and I certainly don’t want to offer you anything you don’t want, but my daughter has a way with epitaphs if you’d like to add something personal to the stone. Or maybe you have your own thoughts.”
Amy pulled the chair out, offered it to Mr. Burke and sat opposite. She took a pad of paper from the basket in the center of the table and, pen in hand, let the words tumble onto the page. 
You’ll never walk alone.
Was the epitaph a promise or a veiled threat? The sentiment was vague, and Amy hesitated before she passed the page to Mr. Burke.
He read the words and his voice grew hoarse. “She always promised she’d be beside me. I should have been the one to go first.”
A promise then. Amy breathed a sigh of relief while she rubbed her stomach, trying to ease the nausea that accompanied the epitaphs. 
Mr. Burke wiped the corners of his eyes and smiled. He spent the next hour telling Amy and her mother about his late wife and what a wonderful marriage they’d had. His wife had borne a cancer diagnosis without telling anyone until she’d ended up in the hospital, and she’d promised to stay beside her husband, even after she was gone. 
Amy’s heart squeezed while he told his story. When he finished, Mr. Burke picked out a gray headstone and lettering before he thanked them for their time. He asked them to include Amy’s epitaph on the stone. Amy walked him to the door with a promise they’d send him a mockup of the stone to approve the next day.
Amy’s mother followed. “I never get used to that,” she whispered when she locked the door behind him.
“What?” Amy asked.
“That thing you do. And that face. Like the first time I fed you asparagus and you threw it up.”
Amy chuckled. “That’s kind of what it feels like.” She gave her mother a hug. “I’m going to head home.”
“Have I ever told you how good you are at your job?” She returned Amy’s hug. “Do you want to stop over for dinner, since it’s gotten so late?”
Amy shook her head. “No, I’d rather walk. Clear my head. Thanks anyway.”
Her father leaned against the open doorway to the workshop. “More work for me, I see,” he said, reading the headstone order. “Your Aunt Jean always liked to walk after she’d heard the epitaphs, too.” He smiled at Amy. “You gonna be okay, little girl?”
“I’m fine, Daddy.”
Amy’s father followed her to the door and locked it behind her. 
Instead of walking straight home, Amy wandered into the cemetery.
As soft as the rustling of the wind in the trees, voices whispered around her, voices no one else could hear, remnants like a vapor trail that followed the dead on their final journey. Amy touched headstones as she passed, drawing peace from the contact. 
Amy replayed her conversation with Kevin McCormick and grimaced. It was too late to take back what she’d told him. When she reached the oak tree on the hill, she closed her eyes and whispered a silent prayer for Mary McCormick’s soul.
Mary’s stone hadn’t been purchased from Benson Monuments and bore only her name and the dates of her birth and death. Amy hesitated, then reached for the granite. The voice vibrated through Amy’s body like someone shouting. Justice. Make him pay.
Tears blurred Amy’s vision. “That’s not an epitaph,” she said to the stone as she broke contact. 
“Justice,” the voice echoed in Amy’s head.
Mary’s was the first voice that made Amy wish she could talk to the dead, that this gift she’d inherited was a two-way conversation. The inscription indicated Mary had been seventeen when she died. Amy had tried to find out more, but other than the original notice of Mary’s passing in the local paper, there was no additional information on the demise of Mary McCormick. The only thing Amy could offer the dead girl was an audience. 
The sun had dropped below the horizon. Amy wrapped her arms around herself to ward off the chill and made her way along the narrow road toward the exit.
At the gate, she met the groundskeeper. “Nearly locked you in,” he told her with a grin. “Although I’m sure you’d find your way out just fine.” He saluted her with two fingers and waited until she’d reached the sidewalk. “You have a nice night, now, Miss Amy.”
“Thanks, Isaac,” she replied. “You, too.”
“See you tomorrow.”
Amy rounded the corner and started up Maple Street. In a couple more weeks, she’d be driving the six blocks to the monument shop from her apartment, but as long as the weather held, she preferred the fresh air. 
Her stomach growled, and Amy set a course for the coffee shop along the way. A slice of banana bread would take the edge off her hunger until she got home, and a cup of hot apple cider would warm her. 
~ ~ ~
When Kevin returned home from his mother’s, dusk had cast a rosy glow through the patio doors at the far end of his combination living room dining room. During the time he spent transcribing his notes, the sun had finished its descent, and the pendant lamp hanging over the dining table was now the only light in his dark apartment.
Kevin glanced through the brochure Claudia Benson had given him from last year’s cemetery walk, which detailed the symbolic grave markers at Mount Hope.
A chill tickled his spine and Kevin grinned at the old wives’ tale that someone was walking over his grave. Appropriate given his subject matter, except he’d been avoiding the rest of the story. Epitaphs.
Justice?
There’d been no evidence of foul play surrounding Mary’s untimely death, and yet she wasn’t the type of girl to wander a condemned building and conveniently fall from a fourth-story balcony, even if she was a rebellious teenager.
What if Amy was right? What if Mary’s death wasn’t an accident? 
Kevin pushed away from the table and took hesitant steps into the kitchen. He tugged open the cupboard over the stove and stared down the bottle of scotch, the remains of the one drunken binge he’d indulged in—the night he’d received the news of Mary’s death. 
He and his college roommates had gone to the University of Illinois for homecoming. After he’d gotten the fateful phone call, they’d suggested the first shot, which had burned his throat like liquid fire. Even as he’d tried to refuse the second and third shots, the alcohol had numbed the ache, and by the fourth shot, Kevin didn’t care anymore. 
What had made his father start drinking?
Kevin closed the cupboard and set his hands on the countertop. The scotch may have numbed the pain that night, but he’d been miserable the day after. If his mother ever found out his red-rimmed eyes had been due as much to a hangover as they were to grief, she’d tan his hide six ways to Sunday, no matter how old he was. 
Time had softened the grief, but not all of it. Not even a fifth of scotch would erase the fact Mary was never coming back.
He closed his eyes and pictured Amy, arms folded, mousy brown hair flying in the wind. And those amber eyes that hid secret knowledge. Could she really hear Mary’s voice?
It had to be a gimmick. Dead was dead. Living people couldn’t talk to dead people. Mary’s death was an accident. Kevin was looking for a news story where there wasn’t one.
He sat in front of his computer one more time and read over Amy’s quotes, how epitaphs often drew from poetry, even though modern poetry tended to be song lyrics. He looked up the word taphophile before he gave her that label, even though she’d used it in describing herself. Instead, he went for a general definition as people who appreciated the beauty of a cemetery, tying it to the symbolism.
He paused, remembering the affectionate way Amy had touched the headstones as she passed. 
She’s screaming for justice.
His apartment walls closed in around him. Kevin propelled himself from his chair, grabbed his jacket and stormed out. Ma’s tea hadn’t thawed the icy finger in his heart. Hot chocolate would do a lot more for his frame of mind than a shot of scotch. And something sweet to go with it, something that would get the taste of the colcannon out of his mouth. He should have taken that go cup from the café.
Colcannon. Friday night dinner. Siobhan would be waiting for his weekly phone call. As he slid behind the wheel of his car, he placed the call via Bluetooth.
“Hey little brother,” she answered.
“Hey.”
“So how was dinner tonight?” she asked.
“Cod and colcannon.”
“I’d like to think it’s the colcannon that’s making you so reticent, but I get the impression there’s something else going on. What’s up?”
“Nothing. Just a story I’m working on.” He took a deep breath. “Liam’s hoping to get drafted by the Chicago soccer team. He said there were scouts at practice. Nothing new from Kathleen, at least she didn’t mention anything, and Mick pissed me off tonight.”
“No surprises, there. What’d he do?”
Kevin rubbed his forehead and grimaced. “That story. I met someone who asked me how Mary died.”
When Siobhan didn’t reply right away, Kevin checked his dashboard to see if the connection was still live. 
“Ma was upset when I told her about my interview, what the woman said, and Mick kept poking. I swear he’s oblivious to the world around him most of the time.”
“What was the big deal? I’m sure you told the woman it was an accident.”
“Yeah, but then she told me something odd.” Kevin stopped in front of the café. “She seems to think Mary needs justice.”
“Justice?” Siobhan laughed. “We all need justice, and I won’t be happy until that no-good father of ours gets his. If Mary wants justice, it’s to see Da suffer the way he made us suffer all those years.”
Kevin bowed his head. Being the eldest, Siobhan had had to endure the abuse the longest. She’d left home the minute she’d turned eighteen, with a charge for Kevin to keep the rest of their siblings safe. He’d failed with Mary, even if Siobhan hadn’t blamed him for that. Siobhan blamed their mother. For everything. For failing to keep the children out of the path of their father’s drunken rages, but Ma had borne her share of abuse. She’d done her best. Siobhan didn’t see it that way.
“You’re probably right,” Kevin said. “I miss Mary.”
Siobhan’s voice wavered. “I miss you all.”
“You could come home, you know.” He said the same thing every Friday when he checked in with her, and every Friday she laughed him off. Tonight she surprised him.
“If I did, it would be to see you guys. I’m not ready to see Ma. I may never be ready.”
Life was short. His visit to the cemetery and Mary’s grave had reinforced that. “You don’t want to go to your grave wishing you’d spoken to her, Siobhan. Ma did her best to protect all of us.”
“I have a different opinion on the matter. Listen, I have to get back to work. You can call me tomorrow, if you want to talk more. Otherwise I’ll talk to you next week?”
Kevin turned off his car and picked up his phone. “I’ll call you next week.”

Chapter IV
Here as ever sleeping sound 
Lies our Audrey in the ground 
If she wakes as wake she may 
There’ll be fun on Judgement Day
High school might be six years behind her, but every time Amy saw Sandra Mayer working in the coffee shop, she flushed with embarrassment. Sandra had caught Amy kissing Nick Benedetto in the school stairwell. Amy knew Sandra had been Nick’s girlfriend, or at least Sandra told everyone she was. Nick didn’t see things quite the same way. To be fair, Nick had cornered Amy and refused to let her pass until she kissed him. That was the day Sandra coined ‘Crazy Amy.’ 
It wasn’t as if Amy wanted to kiss Nick. 
She bowed her head. That wasn’t true. Nick was the bad boy. Good looking, oozing testosterone, daring everyone in his circle to test their limits, except Amy wasn’t in his circle. He’d backed her against the wall, positioned himself inches from her face and whispered in that deep voice of his that all she had to do if she wanted to get by was kiss him. She’d never kissed a boy before, never been kissed, but he was Nick Benedetto, for heaven’s sake, an inch from her face, and she was a hormonal teenager. 
The next time she saw Nick, he refused to look at her. He had abrasions on his face and a black eye, courtesy of Amy’s brothers. 
Amy stood in line behind a man in a gray corduroy jacket, collar turned up to his ears. Her lowered eyes were drawn to the bottom of the jacket, which fell below his waist, to where blue jeans molded against a nicely shaped posterior. And why was she assessing the man’s assets? Maybe her response stemmed from the memories of Nick and her first kiss, or her mother telling her she shouldn’t deprive herself of a bite of chocolate—chocolate in the form of Kevin McCormick, before she’d scared him off. 
“Keep the change,” the man told Sandra, sending a quiver through Amy. He turned and smiled at Amy.
The man in the corduroy jacket with the nice tush was Kevin McCormick.
And she was right back in that stairwell, an inch away from…
Sea green eyes. Not Nick Benedetto, but Kevin kicked up her hormones every bit as much as Nick had. More than any man since.
“Nice to see you again,” he said, as if the world hadn’t tilted on its axis. As if he couldn’t tell her heart was about to pound out of her chest. As if he didn’t know her lips tingled to taste his.
Amy shook her head, suddenly too warm. It had to be the old memories fueling her reaction. She’d met Kevin one time. One time.  
“Nice to see you again,” she replied, her voice breathy. Was it her imagination or did she see something shift in his eyes? Something hot.
Kevin carried his tray to a table. Amy swallowed hard and forced a smile for Sandra. Oh yeah. Reality check. She was Crazy Amy. “Apple cider and a slice of banana bread,” she told Sandra.
Sandra rang up the sale, then filled the order before she repeated the total. Amy paid, and Sandra kept her head down. “How do you know Mac?” Sandra asked.
“Mac,” Amy repeated. “For McCormick?”
“That’s right.”
Was history repeating itself? Amy studied Sandra’s face, looking for clues. Was Sandra Kevin’s girlfriend? Or maybe she thought she was… Would Sandra tell her brothers she had talked to a boy? 
Amy shook off the feeling of déjà vu. “He’s doing a Halloween article,” she said. “He stopped by the monument shop. And the cemetery.” Had Sandra known Mary McCormick? That was a question for another day, a day when Kevin wasn’t sitting three feet away from them. She’d done enough damage by asking him why his sister, who’d died a seemingly accidental death, wanted justice.
“I’ll take my order to go,” Amy said.
“Might as well sit down and wait out the storm,” Sandra told her, nodding at the windows.
Amy turned around to see rain splashing onto the sidewalk. “I guess I will.” 
Kevin rose from his chair. “Care to join me?” he asked.
This was not high school, Kevin looked nothing like Nick Benedetto, and Amy was pretty sure he wasn’t as opportunistic as Nick had been. Unfortunately, that didn’t stop her girl parts from jumping for joy.
Amy collected herself as she accepted the seat at his table. At the very least, she owed Kevin an apology. “Thank you. And I’m sorry about your sister.” She stared into her cider. “When someone dies so young, it makes you wonder. I’m sure I imagined the things I told you in the cemetery. I was insensitive and I’m sorry.”
Kevin ran a hand through his copper hair. “There isn’t anything to wonder about,” he said. “She was somewhere she shouldn’t have been, took a wrong step and fell. Four stories.” 
Amy raised her cup and tipped it gently until the hot cider touched her lips. She blew steam across the top and risked a glance at Kevin. The heat in his eyes warmed her to her toes, more than the cider in her hands. She cast a nervous glance at Sandra. And why would Sandra say anything to her brothers, after all these years? 
“So the monument shop,” Kevin said. “You and your brothers plan to carry the business to the next generation? It’s unusual to see businesses stay in the family these days.”
“Brian, he’s my younger brother, he plans to do something different with his life. Right now planting headstones is just a job for him.” Amy broke off a chunk of her banana bread. “Garth doesn’t say much, but I get the idea he has other ambitions, as well. Thad, he’s the oldest, he’ll probably carry on the Benson family tradition.”
Kevin leaned forward. “What about you?”
Years had passed since anyone had called her Crazy Amy to her face, but seeing Sandra brought it crashing to the forefront. Amy had passed Sandra an epitaph for her grandmother during study hall before Sandra knew her grandmother had passed on. Coupled with Amy’s indiscretion with Nick, Sandra might have called her worse things. “It’s part of who I am. Pretty sure I’m stuck with it.” 
Kevin watched her with those intense green eyes, not laughing or making fun. “You mean the epitaph thing? You say that as if it’s an illness. It isn’t like it causes you to limp or drool or anything.”
Amy smiled. Could it be he didn’t care that she was different? “No, it makes me say inappropriate things sometimes. More like Tourette’s, I suppose.”
He chuckled. “Are you going to swear at me now?” 
“I’ve offended you enough for one day,” she said. 
Kevin McCormick wasn’t movie star material, but something about him definitely set her blood racing. A walk in the rain might be a good thing. It would cool her off. She took another bite of her bread and gulped her apple cider before she pushed away from the table. “It was nice to see you.”
Kevin reached for her hand, eyebrows furrowed. Was he disappointed she was leaving? “I’ll bring you a copy of the paper when they print the article.” 
He wrapped his other hand around hers. Yes, she was staring at his lips again. 
“I look forward to reading it,” she said with a gulp of air. Amy closed her eyes, mortified she had such a strong response to him. What was wrong with her? She forced a smile, pulled her hands free and rose to her feet. With a quick wave, she shouldered through the door. 
The rain had stopped and the wind had subsided. Amy shoved her hands into her coat pockets, shrugged against the chill and started for home. 
Kevin fell into step beside her. “Can I walk with you?” he asked.
Another adrenalin rush made her light-headed. 
He bent his arm and invited her to slip hers through with a nod of his head. “I can block the wind for you.”
“Not much left to block.” She tightened her hand around his biceps and then remembered Sandra. “I hope being seen with me doesn’t cause any problems for you.”
“What kind of problems?” 
“Your girlfriend might not appreciate you walking arm-in-arm with another woman.”
Kevin laughed, a sound that turned her insides to jelly. “I’m not dating anyone.”
“I thought maybe Sandra. She seemed to know you.” 
“I know a lot of people. That doesn’t mean I’m dating them.” Kevin stopped walking and faced her. “Would you like to go out some time?”
Her heart skipped a beat with the hell yeah that screamed in her brain, but she was bound to be disappointed. She wasn’t the dateable type. “I have to be honest,” she said. “I don’t have a lot of dating experience. In my line of work, I tend to frighten men away. Me, or my brothers. They can be somewhat intimidating.”
He grinned. “I noticed. I’m not scared.” Kevin took a step closer. “And I’ll let you in on a secret. I don’t have a lot of dating experience, either. I have a very strict Irish Catholic mother.”
Amy laughed. “She screens your dates?”
“Not anymore,” he said. “How about tomorrow night? Do you like Italian food?” 
She searched his eyes for hidden motives and got lost in the unusual color.
Kevin crooked his elbow again and she hooked her arm through. He glanced at the sky. “I should have offered to drive you home. In case it starts to rain again.”
“You don’t have to. I like to walk.” 
“Can I take you to dinner tomorrow night?” he asked again. 
The wind had colored his cheeks. The glow from a streetlight showed the stubble on his chin. He seemed sincere, and what’s more, she liked Kevin. Enough to brave another first date? “Yeah,” she answered. 
“There’s one more thing,” he said.
There was always a catch. Amy stopped walking and pulled free again. “What’s that?”
Kevin leaned in and touched his lips to hers. “So that it’s not awkward wondering if and when,” he whispered while he laced his fingers with hers.
He’d stolen her breath along with the kiss. “Now’s good for me,” she replied. “Mind if we try again?”
His arms circled her and he pulled her in, angling his face to meet hers while he deepened the kiss. 
She had a new benchmark. Kevin’s kiss was so much better than the one with Nick Benedetto. 
Amy had visions of inviting Kevin in once they’d reached her apartment and continuing what they’d started, quick, before he came to his senses. If nothing else, she’d finally know what it was like to be with a man—a man she’d met once. Twice, counting the coffee shop. Her college roommates always told her not to sleep with a man until the third date. Would dinner tomorrow constitute a third date? 
Amy closed her eyes and drew a deep breath. She never got past the second date. Men didn’t sleep with her, they ran from her. Tears stung her eyes. She needed to set boundaries, if not for him, for herself.
“I get off work at six,” she told Kevin. “You can pick me up at the monument shop.”
Kevin took a step backward, concern shadowing his face. “Okay. I hope I didn’t offend you.”
Amy laughed. “No. You didn’t offend me.”
If she didn’t send him away now, she risked a lot more than a kiss. From a man she hardly knew. 
Boundaries. “I’ll see you tomorrow,” she said. 
He nodded, looking as dazed as she felt. 

Chapter V
God takes the good
Too good
On earth to stay
And leaves the bad
Too bad
To take away
Kevin flipped the light switch on and tossed his keys onto the poker table in his dining room.
What had possessed him to kiss Amy? He might have wanted to get past the awkward factor, but he’d never kissed some of his dates, and he hadn’t officially dated Amy yet. Had he asked her out because she thought she knew something about Mary? To challenge the look her brother had given him? Sure, that was part of it, but there was more to Amy Benson.
Kevin hung his jacket in the coat closet and unbuttoned his shirt on his way to the bedroom. As he shrugged out of it, he toed off his shoes and sat on the bed. He tossed the shirt into the laundry corner of the bedroom, unfastened his belt and divested himself of his jeans. 
Stripped down to a t-shirt, boxers and socks, Kevin returned to the dining room, to his laptop on the table, and opened his article on Mount Hope and Benson Monuments. He re-read the copy, but his mind kept wandering to the manicured paths, falling leaves and a certain epitaph writer. A taphophile. Seeing the cemetery through her eyes, he understood Amy’s fascination. 
Kevin closed his eyes and relived that kiss, the way Amy tasted, the way she smelled. The way she’d responded. His own response was off the charts. “Down boy,” he said with a glance at his lap. 
Kevin’s cell phone rang and he blew out a sigh. Ma. How did she always know?
He readjusted himself inside his shorts and answered the call. 
“Are ya fine?” she asked.
Problem solved. He wilted faster than the autumn leaves. “Yes, Ma.” 
“I could tell you were out of sorts, and I know you feel poorly that you were away when Mary passed, but you do know there was nothing you could have done, don’t you? Her death was an accident, plain and simple.”
Kevin leaned over the table, cradling his forehead in his hand. Even if he hadn’t been out of town that night, would he have known Mary was going somewhere she shouldn’t have? Could he have prevented her death? 
The reporter instinct in him had been piqued by Amy’s opinion that Mary wanted justice, a story to be investigated, but there wasn’t any more to it. Amy had a knack for epitaphs. That didn’t make her a medium, or a conduit to the afterlife.
Or a secret fantasy.
“I’m fine, Ma,” he said. “Grateful for the family I have left.”
“And Siobhan? How is she faring?”
He hated being the go-between, but if that’s what it took to keep the lines of communication open… “She’s fine.”
“I’m that glad she talks to you. You’ll tell her we miss her?”
Kevin smiled. “Every week.”
“Is there no way to convince her to come home?”
“She’s built a life for herself in Virginia.” Kevin leaned on the table and cradled his head in one hand. “Maybe one of these days.”
“Did you want to stop back for a cup of tea? Kathleen’s gone to her dorm and Liam’s closed up in his room doing homework.”
“I’ve had a long day,” he told her. “I think I’ll go to bed early.”
“You’re turning into an old man,” she teased. “How do you expect to find a wife locking yourself away in your apartment, going to bed before your old Ma?”
Kevin chuckled. “When I have need of a wife, I’ll be sure to leave my apartment to go in search of one.” 
One like Amy Benson.
The thought struck him unaware. Amy produced a wealth of emotions in him, one of which, if he was honest, was fear. 
Fear of what?
“If it makes you feel any better,” he told his mother, “I have a date tomorrow night with a lovely young lady.” 
“Do ye now? When will I will be meeting her?”
“Give me a chance to get to know her before I scare her off with family,” he replied. 
His mother chuckled. “Fair enough. I wish you luck, then. You’ll stop by again soon and let me know how your date went? I’m wanting grandchildren before I’m too old to enjoy them. Of course, you’d have to marry her first.”
He laughed. “It’s one date.” 
“You’ll be careful, won’t you?” she asked. She’d adopted the phrase after Mary’s accident, her way of reminding them she didn’t want to lose another of her children to a careless mistake.
“Always,” Kevin replied. “Love ya, Ma.”
“Good night, then.”
Kevin ran his hand through his hair, effectively distracted from his encounter with Amy. 
Mary had been trespassing. That much they knew. The “why” remained a mystery. The police wanted to call her death a suicide, but there was no evidence to support that, and Mary was one of the happiest, most outgoing people he knew. The only explanation left was that she’d fallen from the balcony in the condemned Ryder Building. On a dare? Out of curiosity?
What did Amy Benson know? 
~ ~ ~
Amy let herself in through the back door of the monument shop. The roar of the sandblaster indicated her father was engraving a stone. She continued to the front of the shop, started a pot of coffee, and checked the work orders.
The paperwork on her desk might as well have been in another language. Amy’s brain was stuck on rewind and replay mode, ever since Kevin had kissed her. The only thing she had to compare against was Nick Benedetto, but Nick’s kiss had been more of a dare, less intentional and, of course, it had been interrupted by Sandra. Amy cringed once more at the reminder. 
No, Kevin meant to kiss her, and when she’d asked for a second one, she knew how Sleeping Beauty must have felt. Not that Amy considered herself particularly beautiful.
Garth came in through the shop and poured himself a cup of coffee. “Hey.”
“Hey.”
He paused, assessing her. “Everything okay?”
“Yep.”
“Dad said that reporter looked interested in you.”
Amy rounded on her brother, scowling. “So, what? You’re going to tell him to stay away from your little sister? Aren’t we a little old for that?”
Garth held up his hands. “Just looking out for you.”
“If I need help, I’ll ask for it.”
“Dad also said you probably scared him off already.”
Amy rolled her eyes. “Don’t you have work to do?”
“I guess that answers the question about whether or not you like him.” He grinned, his eyes sparkling. “You’ll let me know if you want me to correct his opinions or his manners?”
Amy went hands on hips, giving Garth her best don’t mess with me look. He chuckled and disappeared into the shop.
Her mother walked in. “You’re early.” 
“Wasn’t sleeping, so I figured I might as well make myself useful.” Amy sat down at the CAD computer and straightened the stack of papers.
“Something on your mind?” 
Might as well get it over with. Her parents would find out when Kevin picked her up after work. Assuming he showed. With a glance at the shop to make sure the door was closed and no one was lurking, Amy faced her mother. “He asked me out.”
Her mother straightened. “He who?”
“Kevin. That reporter.”
“He called you?” 
“I ran into him in the coffee shop on the way home.” The memory set Amy’s heart pounding again.
The showroom was suddenly quiet when the sandblaster turned off.
“Then you didn’t scare him off?” her mother said.
“Not yet apparently.” 
Her father opened the door, his hair flecked with granite dust. “And?”
Panicked, Amy peered past him. “Let’s not make a big deal out of this, okay? I’m nervous enough. I thought I should tell you, though, since he’s supposed to pick me up here after work. I’m hoping you’ll run interference with my thug brothers.”
“Knew I liked that boy,” her father said, breaking into a grin. “Didn’t I tell you there were sparks flying?”
Amy rolled her eyes. “Daddy, please.”
He tugged off his gloves. “Don’t worry, I won’t embarrass you. Much.”
“She doesn’t need your teasing, Randy, and I’ll make sure your brothers are elsewhere when he arrives. What time is he picking you up?” 
“Six o’clock.”
Her mother assessed Amy’s sweater and blue jeans. “Did you bring a change of clothes?” 
“In the car,” Amy said.
“You might want to make a hair appointment.” Her mother smoothed Amy’s hair. “Where’s he taking you? Some place nice?”
“Italian food.”
“The closest Italian restaurant is Riccardo’s. What did you bring to wear?”
Amy shrugged from under her mother’s scrutiny. She should have agreed to meet Kevin at the restaurant. Her parents were as bad as her brothers when it came to scaring her dates away. “I’ve been on dates before, you know. I’m not a total social outcast.” 
Except she was. They’d go to dinner, she’d say something stupid, he’d get a phone call telling him something had come up and she’d go home. Alone. 
“It’s just a date,” Amy said. She raised her eyebrows to halt her mother’s interference. “Not prom.”
Her mother pursed her lips, then forced a smile. “I’m sure you’ll have a wonderful time.”
Her father cocked his head. “Come check the stencil for Mrs. Burke’s stone,” he said to Amy. “Make sure I haven’t made a bonehead error.”
Amy followed her father into the shop, to a slab of granite covered with a rubber mat. The words were stenciled into the rubber, waiting to be etched into the stone. Amy checked the work order, checked the lettering, and when she turned to her father, she found him hovering close to her elbow.
“You’re going to do fine,” he said quietly with a wink. “I have a good feeling about this one.”
He didn’t need her to check the lettering. The way her parents coddled her made her feel sixteen all over again. Amy pointed at the stone. “You forgot to pull the branches off the letter ‘k’. Mr. Burke will ‘never wall alone?’” She raised an eyebrow.
Her father rubbed at the mat and the remaining cut-outs of the ‘k’ peeled off. “That better?”
She pushed the work order into his hands. “I’ll be fine, Daddy. It’s only dinner.”
A woman’s voice carried from the front of the shop. “I wish they’d send me flowers while I’m still alive. What use are they floating in the wind after I’m dead?” 
Amy left her father in the workshop. The tiny lady was dressed in a gray linen suit, her gray hair braided and wrapped around her head, her skin heavily creased. 
“Amy, you remember Mrs. Sumner?” her mother said.
“Of course,” Amy replied. “Dealing with the florist isn’t the same since you retired.” She squeezed Mrs. Sumner’s hand. “I often see you in the cemetery, sitting on the bench we did for your husband.”
“Better than a useless old stone, don’t you think? Which is why I’m here today. I got to thinking what I might do when my time comes,” Mrs. Sumner said. “Promise me you’ll do something nice for me, will you dear?”
Amy took a closer look at Mrs. Sumner. Was she dying? “You know I will,” Amy said. “Maybe you’d like to be remembered with an ornamental bird to sit on his bench?”
Mrs. Sumner cocked her head, considering. “That seems a bit nondescript.”
“We could add a plaque to the bench, or etch something on the back.” A stream of words spilled into her thoughts.
“I gave myself to him,	
And took himself for pay.	
The solemn contract of a life	
Was ratified this way.”
Amy pressed a hand to her mouth, held her breath and fought the nausea that accompanied the epitaph. 
Mrs. Sumner closed her eyes as she considered the words. “Emily Dickinson. How clever of you. Very fitting.” 
Amy had never “heard” an epitaph from a living person, but an extra sense beamed from Mrs. Sumner like a beacon. “He’s calling you home, isn’t he?” 
Mrs. Sumner picked a piece of lint from her suit. Her thin lips turned up into a lovely smile, flecks of gray sparkled in her washed out blue eyes. “It took me a long time to forgive him for leaving me behind. I think a plaque would be appropriate. Can I order it now? So there’s no confusion when my time comes, you know.”
“I can help you,” Amy’s mother said. She invited Mrs. Sumner to sit at the table and attached a form to her clipboard. 
Mrs. Sumner looked over her shoulder, to where Amy had taken a seat behind the CAD computer. “And don’t worry, dear. Justice is coming.” 
The hairs rose on the back of Amy’s neck. 

Chapter VI
I pray good people as you pass by
Pray for us here we lie

After Kevin parked in front Benson Monuments, he shaded his eyes against the reflection of the setting sun in the plate glass windows. He bowed his head and pushed inside. 
Kathleen’s stereotype of Amy made him smile. Amy was neither old nor Goth. She was pretty. Not drop-dead gorgeous. Not attention-grabbing. She had an earthiness about her, like she was gravity and he was a dangling apple.
He wasn’t going to fall.
Claudia Benson rose from her desk and greeted him. “You’re early,” she said, a big smile on her face. “Amy will be ready in a minute.”
“Thank you,” he said. “Nice to see you again, Mrs. Benson.”
“Oh, please. You can call me Claudia. Do you want a seat while you wait?” She motioned to the table beside the window.
“No, thanks.”
“Amy says you’re going for Italian food. Riccardo’s?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“When you bring her back, make sure she gets to her car safely, will you? She’s parked around back, and I always worry.”
“I’ll see that she stays safe,” he said.
Amy appeared in the workshop doorway. In a dress. Wearing make-up. 
Kevin swallowed hard to keep from giving her the once-over, and then cleared his throat. He definitely felt her gravitational pull. “Ready to go?”
She nodded and tugged at her skirt as if she wasn’t used to wearing one. With legs like that, she should wear them all the time. 
He wanted to kiss her again. Kevin shot a glance at her mother. Catholic guilt reared its head, even if a simple kiss shouldn’t be something to feel guilty about. To prove his theory, he stepped forward and kissed Amy’s cheek. 
Her father filled the doorway to the workshop, wiping his hands on a towel, dust in his hair. “Enjoy yourselves,” he said.
Another parent, another layer of guilt. Kevin sucked in a breath and shook Randy Benson’s hand. “Sir. Nice to see you again.” 
“You, too.” 
Kevin glanced around, looking for the linemen brothers. Apparently someone had corralled them.
 “See you tomorrow,” Amy told her mother. While she pulled on a coat, Kevin held the door. She lowered her eyelashes and stepped outside. 
“Nice people, your parents,” Kevin said.
“Yes, they are.” 
“You look pretty.”
“You, too.” Amy’s cheeks blossomed with color. “Well, maybe not pretty. Handsome?”
Kevin helped her into the car and then took his seat behind the wheel. “Nervous?” he asked.
She quirked her eyebrows and gave him a ‘what do you think?’ look that twisted his insides. Kevin took her hand, leaned across and touched his lips to hers. Then he shrugged. “It seemed to make things less awkward last night. Thought I’d give it another try.”
Amy’s kiss made him hungry for more, and her response last night led him to believe she might want more, but memories of Molly Whitaker, his lab partner in high school, stopped him. By the end of senior year, Molly’s pregnancy had become obvious. The girls ridiculed her for not taking precautions. Even Kevin had thought Molly and her boyfriend must have been careless, but when Molly retorted with, “Do you think I’m stupid? Nothing’s fool proof,” Kevin’s blood had run cold. Molly effectively scared him out of his plans for his post prom date.
The best way to prevent getting a girl—and himself—into trouble was to keep his pants zipped. 
He tried to convince himself this dinner was an opportunity to interview Amy, to ask her more about Mary. That would keep his thoughts away from how good Amy looked. There was no story there, but if he wanted to move to the city desk, he had to investigate leads. 
Kevin winced. For the life of him, he couldn’t remember any of the questions he’d wanted to ask.
~ ~ ~
When the maître d’ seated them, Amy tried to concentrate on the menu. However the evening would end, the way Kevin had looked at her when she’d come in from the workshop was worth it. 
He’d kissed her. Again. On purpose. 
Did this qualify as a third date? At twenty-five, she was ready to add a man to her field of experience, and Kevin was the obvious choice. Aside from the fact he was attractive, she liked him.  Amy wore the matching lace bra and panties, just in case. Could she make it through dinner without saying something that might scare him off?
She peeked over the top of her menu to find him staring at her with those sea green eyes and her heart did flip-flops. He lay an open hand on the table, an invitation to hold it, and smiled.
“You really are lovely,” he said.
The sentiment made her more nervous. Of all the boys who hadn’t asked her out a third, or even a second time, she wanted to date Kevin again. And again. And again. Maybe she should play hard to get and not take him home tonight. Save her matching undies for the next date, or the date after that. The “experienced” girls had stories about men who were only after the prize, and once they’d won it, they stopped calling. Kevin didn’t strike her as that sort. He didn’t leer at her or make suggestive comments. He was holding her hand, for heaven’s sake.
And she was freaking out.
Amy took a deep breath. No expectations meant no disappointment. She’d eat her dinner and worry about what came after later.
“How well do you know Sandra? From the coffee shop?” Kevin asked. 
His question put her right back in panic mode and she withdrew her hand from his. Had Sandra told him about Nick, all these years later? “We went to high school together.”
“Ah. Someone who can help me unravel the mystery of Amy Benson. What sordid secrets does she know about you?”
Amy lowered her menu. They were not going to have that conversation. “No.”
“No?”
“Chalk it up to high school and mean girls. We were never close.” 
Kevin straightened. “I was only kidding.”
A familiar nausea started in Amy’s stomach, the bile rising to her throat—the uneasy feeling that accompanied an epitaph. Unconsciously, she reached into her purse for a pen and looked around for a scrap of paper. She dismantled a table tent advertising Chianti and wrote on the back.
Lips tightly pursed and nostrils flaring, she concentrated on controlling her breathing as the echo of words in her head faded. Kevin came into focus across the table, concern etched in his face. 
So much for a normal date.
“You okay?” he asked.
Amy glanced around the restaurant and saw a young family. The mother had a sad look on her face and Amy immediately knew who the words were for. She re-read the epitaph she had scribbled. Whether her gift was a curse or blessing, she felt compelled to deliver the words she’d written.
“I’ll be right back,” she told Kevin. Amy rose from her chair and approached the family. “Excuse me, I’m sorry to intrude.” She swallowed hard. Acknowledging a death was never easy. “I was sitting over there and you looked so sad. I wrote a poem for you. I hope it helps.” She handed the table tent to the woman, touched the woman’s shoulder and turned to go.
The woman called after her. “Excuse me.” She held up the scrawled words. “How did you know?”
“My condolences on your loss,” Amy said quietly before she dropped into her seat across from Kevin.
“What just happened?” he asked. “You look ill.”
She was. Sick of being Crazy Amy. Her throat constricted, afraid she’d say something she shouldn’t. 
The wine steward stopped by their table and offered them a bottle of red wine. Maybe that’s what she needed. But Kevin shook his head. “No, thank you,” he said too quickly. 
“No?” she repeated.
He studied her for a moment. “A glass for the lady,” he said. “I’m driving.”
“I’d like some with my meal,” Amy said.
The steward nodded and walked away. Kevin fiddled with his silverware, surveyed the other patrons in the restaurant, studied the Italian décor that adorned the walls, and when their entrees arrived, he practically heaved a sigh of relief. 
She was in familiar territory now. Another last date. They ate in silence.
As she finished her meal, Amy was startled by a tap on her shoulder. 
“I don’t know how you knew,” the grieving woman told her, eyes swollen from crying. “But I wanted to thank you for your kind words, and for the poem. It’s exactly the kind of thing my father would have said to me.” The woman squeezed Amy’s hand and walked away to join her family at the door. 
Sometimes delivering epitaphs wasn’t so bad.
“A friend of yours?” Kevin asked.
Fear born from past mistakes forbade her to tell him the truth. “Yeah.”
“Do you want dessert? The cannolis here are great.”
Amy shook her head. No sense prolonging the inevitable. “No. I’m full.”
The waiter delivered their check and Kevin handed him a credit card. A couple minutes later, the waiter brought the receipt and thanked them for coming. 
Kevin held Amy’s chair for her, and then her coat as she shrugged into it. At least he was going through the motions. Plenty of men didn’t do the “gentleman” thing, even before they dismissed her as a crackpot.
“Would you like to walk?” he asked when they stepped outside.
The fresh air would clear her mind, ease the rejection she knew was coming, clear the bitter taste of the epitaph that lingered. “Yes. Unless you’ll be too cold?” If he wanted an easy way out, she’d give it to him. Amy studied his face for a sign of what he was thinking.
Kevin smiled. “I wouldn’t have asked if I thought it was too cold. I get the impression you like to be outside.” 
“I suppose I do.”
He curled his arm around her waist and they strolled down the sidewalk. “Listen, I don’t want to make a big deal out of this, but I’m curious. That woman in the restaurant. Did you write an epitaph for her?”
No point in denying it. “Yes.” 
“That’s amazing. You didn’t know her before tonight, did you?”
Amy clenched her teeth. “I thought the interview was over.”
With one step, Kevin stood in front of her. “Amy, that was impressive. She actually thanked you.”
“They don’t always.” She locked eyes with him. 
“How do you do it?”
“Can we talk about something else?” she asked.
“The people who don’t thank you—what’s their reaction?”
Amy swallowed. He was one of those people. “I don’t want to talk about the epitaphs.”
His cell phone rang and he answered the call. This was where “something suddenly came up” and he’d have to go. Credit him for making it this far. When he proved her right, she had to bite the inside of her cheeks to keep from commenting. If she said anything, it would probably be accompanied by tears.
She’d scared off another potential boyfriend. 

Chapter VII
Lovely and pleasant in their lives, and in
Their death they were not divided.
After he closed her car door, Kevin straightened, waited for Amy to start her engine and then waved as she drove off.
Without a kiss goodnight.
Whatever perceived crisis Mick had dreamed up had better be good. 
Amy had seemed shaken. Literally. She’d shuddered, paled, wrote the note for the people at the next table and then went silent. When the waiter brought her glass of wine, Amy clutched it and gulped her first sip before she appeared to relax. Kevin had hoped a walk to the town square might clear away the rest of the uneasiness that had settled over them, until Mick’s insistent phone call put an early end to their date. He’d have to make it up to her. He’d ask her out again when he took the Benson’s a copy of the article, and next time, he’d get her phone number. 
Ten minutes later, Kevin walked into Murphy’s pub, scanning the bar for his cousin. Patrick, the bartender, gave him a wave.
“Ginger ale?” Patrick asked.
Kevin nodded and took a step toward the bar before a hand wrapped around his arm and pulled him toward a booth. Mick, halfway to incoherent.
“What’s so important?” Kevin asked, shaking free of Mick’s grasp.
Mick glanced around, then slid along the bench behind the table and leaned forward. “That woman you interviewed. What did she say about Mary?”
Kevin pressed his back against the bench and folded his arms. While it was true he’d wanted to discover more of what Amy knew, he wasn’t sure he wanted to share what information he had with Mick, especially with Mick drunk and obviously worried about something. Kevin’s reporter instincts kicked in and he turned the question back on Mick. “What do you know?” 
Mick cast a nervous glance around the bar. Kevin leaned over the table, eye to eye with his cousin. Mick slouched in his seat.
Was there a story? “What happened to Mary?” Kevin asked again.
Mick wiped his mouth and shook his head. “I don’t know.”
“Then what are you afraid of? What’s the big crisis that couldn’t wait?”
“I need to know what that girl knows,” Mick said, avoiding a response. 
“She doesn’t know anything.” At least Kevin hoped that was true. Amy had asked him how Mary died, so she might not have been there when it happened, but would she have known Mary was in danger? In trouble? 
A waitress brought Kevin his ginger ale and a mug of beer for Mick. Mick guzzled his beer, wiped his mouth with his sleeve and thumped the empty mug onto the table.
“What’s going on?” Kevin asked.
Mick met Kevin’s gaze, an expression Kevin knew well from their days growing up, when Mick had run with the wrong crowd. The look asked Kevin to corroborate his lies or at least keep quiet. Not a good sign. Kevin huffed. 
“Listen, I don’t know what happened,” Mick said, “but I heard something, you know? If this girl you met had heard the same story…” He folded his hands on the table and squeezed his eyes closed. “Forget I said anything. There’s nothing we can do about it now. Mary’s gone.”
Kevin’s mother had helped to raise Mick—Mick was as much a brother to him as Liam, as much a brother to Mary. Mick should have been looking out for Mary when Kevin had been out of town, the night Mary died. Kevin spoke quietly, an edge creeping into his voice. “Mary died a year ago, and you’re just now getting around to telling me her death might not have been an accident? I have to hear it from a stranger who may or may not have known Mary at all?” 
“Well, she had to know Mary, didn’t she? To say something like that?” Mick said, his eyes bleary. 
Kevin reached across the table and grabbed a fistful of Mick’s polo shirt. “What happened, Mick?”
Mick raised his hands and backed against the bench. “I don’t know.”
Kevin released his hold on Mick. This wasn’t the way he wanted to break into the city desk, with a story about his own family. Kevin’s throat tightened and his nose tingled. He crossed himself, closed his eyes and took a measured breath. “So this thing you heard,” he said slowly, “does it line up with what Amy told me? Is there a reason Mary would want justice?”
“The police told me she fell,” Mick said, choking on his words. He gulped a sob and didn’t meet Kevin’s gaze. “It didn’t seem right then, and it still doesn’t seem right. I swear, I don’t know any more than that.”
And yet his failure to look at Kevin indicated otherwise.
How was Amy involved? 
Kevin shivered. He’d watched Amy write the epitaph in the restaurant, hand it to someone she didn’t know. Or was that part of the show? 
He drained his ginger ale and rose to his feet. Mick was drunk, and Kevin knew from experience that conversation would be pointless. Mick had lived through those years of drunken hell with Kevin’s father, the same as Kevin had. Hadn’t Mick learned anything? If Mick wanted to ruin his life, the same way Kevin’s father had, he’d have to do it by himself.
“Another round?” the waitress asked, returning to their table.
“Cut him off,” Kevin told her. “Get him a cup of coffee.” He stared at Mick until Mick raised his head. “Call me when you sober up.” 
~ ~ ~
Amy tossed her purse on the island that separated the kitchen from the dining area of her garden apartment. 
“Why I thought Kevin would be any different is beyond me,” she muttered.
She flipped on the kitchen light and checked the clock on the stove. Nine-fifteen. At least she’d gotten dinner. There’d been one date right after she’d graduated college—she couldn’t even remember the guy’s name now—where he’d excused himself to go to the bathroom and never came back, thankfully before they’d ordered. Otherwise she would likely have been left with the check.
“What is so wrong…” she asked the refrigerator, but was halted by her cell phone. Her mother’s ringtone.
“Not even a kiss goodnight?” her mother asked. “For heaven’s sake, he at least kissed your cheek when he picked you up. Do you want to talk about it?”
Amy rolled her eyes. “How do you know he didn’t kiss me goodnight?” 
“Surveillance cameras. You left your car at the monument shop, you know.”
“So you’ve been monitoring them? Spying on me? What if I didn’t pick up my car before morning? Would you sit up all night waiting?”
“We were giving you until ten-thirty,” her dad answered in the background.
“Am I on speaker phone?” Amy asked.
“Yes,” her father replied.
“We wanted to make sure you got home safely,” her mother said.
“Or at least you were safe for the night,” her father added. 
 “I have ice cream, and I made brownies,” her mother said.
Amy dropped onto a stool beside the island countertop. 
“I told you to leave some of those for Amy,” her mother said, apparently scolding Amy’s father.
“You’d better come get one before I finish them all,” her father said.
“Thanks, but I’m going to crawl into bed,” Amy told them. 
The background noise changed, the switch from speaker phone to handset. “What happened?” her mother asked.
“He got a phone call. Something came up.”
Her mother sighed. “Did you at least make it through dinner?”
“Yes.”
“Did he make another date?”
Amy frowned. “No.”
“Maybe next time you’ll get your hair done…”
“My hair shouldn’t make a difference as to whether or not I get a second date.” Or finished the first one. The interview did not count as a date, nor did the chance meeting at the coffee shop, even if she’d tried to rationalize them and push things along. But he had met Amy before their date, knew something about her. In fact, he knew the scariest thing about her. Was that the deal breaker? “There was a woman at the restaurant,” Amy told her mother. “Her father passed recently.”
“And you heard an epitaph.”
Amy nodded, despite knowing her mother couldn’t see her. “Yeah.” But Kevin hadn’t run. In fact, he’d made it sound as if her ability impressed him. The “important” phone call could have been legitimate. 
More likely the call was planned ahead of time, his “out” if things weren’t going well, and he’d taken his out.
“Do you want me to bring a brownie to you?” her mother asked. 
“I just want to crawl into bed, like I said,” Amy said. “Really. I’ll see you at the shop tomorrow.”
“There’s always a chance his call was something important,” her mother said. “And I should let you go in case he calls to apologize for ending the evening so early.”
Except he didn’t have Amy’s phone number. “Right,” she said anyway. “Night, Mom.”
“’Night, honey. I love you.”
Amy tucked her phone in her purse and stared down the refrigerator once more. Wanting Kevin to be different didn’t make it so.
So why was she so disappointed? 

Chapter VIII
Weep not for me who here do lie
Weep for yourselves who are to die
The story ran on Thursday. Kevin parked in front of the monument shop and got out of his car, a copy of the newspaper under his arm. Would Amy go out with him again this weekend?
The note Amy had given to the grieving family at dinner Saturday night was more about compassion than magic. Her quiet grace was one of the things he liked about her, which made Amy well-suited to her profession. She offered kindness and sympathy to people when they needed it most.
Kevin’s scalp tingled. She hadn’t offered him sympathy. Amy had told him Mary wanted justice. Coupled with Mick’s odd reaction, Kevin had reason to doubt Mary’s cause of death. Could Amy tell him anything more?
Inside the monument shop, Claudia Benson sat at the table beside the window reading the morning newspaper over a cup of coffee. She looked up and waved him inside.
“Good morning, Mrs. Benson. I brought a copy of the newspaper since the features don’t always make the online editions, but I see you’ve already got one.” 
She raised one eyebrow. “How very thoughtful of you.” 
Did he detect sarcasm in her voice? “Is Amy around?” He glanced to the door at the back of the showroom.
“Out there.” Claudia nodded toward the cemetery. “What page is the article on?” She sifted through the sections of the paper in front of her. 
“It’s in the Neighbor section. I think she’ll be pleased,” he told her. “I hope you all are.”
“Why don’t you go see if you can find her, then?” 
One of the linemen brothers, the youngest one, practically fell through the back door as if he’d been pushed. “I’ll go with you,” he said, scowling over his shoulder.
“He doesn’t need any help,” Claudia said louder than she needed to. 
Kevin recognized Randy Benson’s voice, calling from the other side of the door. “Brian! I need your help.”
Another of the brothers, the one who’d flirted with Sandra, stepped up.
Claudia met him in the doorway and pushed him back. “She’s fine.”
Kevin had done his share of intimidating his sisters’ boyfriends. He fought the grin, recognizing the protective streak in Amy’s brothers. 
One step outside, he stopped. The hairs on his arms stood up. He cast a glance around the neighborhood. Several cars were parked along the curb, one with its engine running. The sidewalk was empty with the exception of one man walking toward him, the hood of his sweatshirt pulled up, hiding his face.
Kevin crossed the street and walked along the iron fence, through the open cemetery gate. He paused by Mary’s grave and made the sign of the cross, then looked for Amy.
She sat on a marble bench beside the cremation niches, her face in her hands. A breeze played with her hair. Kevin approached slowly. “Amy?” She rose to her feet, eyes wide. 
A red maple leaf floated down and landed on her head. He picked it out of her chestnut hair and then cupped her chin.
She took a step back, glaring at him. 
“Is something wrong?” he asked. 
Her face reflected a host of emotions, from her brow drawn in anger, to her gaze darting around as if she was nervous, to a huff of impatience before she answered. “It’s quiet.” 
“The cemetery? Isn’t it supposed to be?”
Amy took a step toward him and grabbed his wrist. “I can’t hear anyone.”
“I don’t follow.”
She huffed again. “The epitaphs.” 
She didn’t really think she heard the dead, did she? His skin pebbled. Amy’s agitation increased his own sense something was out of place. Kevin eased her to the bench and sat beside her. He took her hands in his and met her unwavering gaze.
“I know, you think I’m a lunatic,” she said with a decidedly defensive tone. “You don’t have to believe me, but something’s wrong.”
“First, I don’t think you’re a lunatic. Second, I wanted to apologize for not calling you after I had to leave our date the other night, but I don’t have your phone number. Third, I’d like to go out again. That is, if you’re interested. Fourth…” he grinned, “can I have your phone number?”
She straightened and pulled away, her eyes wide with surprise.
“I had a nice time. Didn’t you?” he asked.
“Yes, but after I gave that woman her epitaph, I thought…” She closed her mouth and swallowed whatever else she meant to say.
“You offered her comfort. Whether you think you channel the dead or you made it up spur of the moment, she was grateful for your words. That’s a rare gift.” 
She narrowed her eyes. “I think I channel the dead?” Amy shook her head and tried to stand, but Kevin tugged her down beside him. 
“Don’t patronize me,” she said.
“I’m allowed to be skeptical. I’m a reporter. That’s my job.” Even if he was just a feature writer. 
Her eyebrows rose with a challenge. “Ever since I was little, there were always whispers.” She pointed to an obelisk nearby. “Owen Matthews is angry that he hasn’t finished something—I don’t know what.” Her gaze wandered to another stone. “Jedidiah Collins wants to leave behind a sense of civility to the world.” 
Kevin looked down the row of headstones, to the hill where Mary was buried. Did he believe his sister could speak to Amy? “And my sister wants justice.”
Amy’s scowl told him she thought he was making fun of her, but the dead couldn’t really speak to her, could they? This time when she stood, he didn’t try to stop her. Instead, he rose beside her. 
Maybe she was schizophrenic. He’d humor her if it meant finding out what she thought she knew about Mary.
“That day we came out here,” he said. “The day I interviewed you, I saw you touching the headstones as you passed. Is that how they speak to you? How Owen Whoever tells you he left something undone?”
Amy crossed her arms, but she didn’t walk away. “Something’s not right,” she repeated.
He took a deep breath, and despite the dread poking his nerve endings, he pressed on. “You said Mary wanted justice. Did she tell you anything more?”
Amy rolled her eyes before she glared at him. “It doesn’t work like that. The voices, they’re more like echoes. Last thoughts that were never expressed. Comfort for their families.”
“But Mary doesn’t want comfort. Isn’t that what you told me?” He nodded to his sister’s marker. “What happens if you touch her headstone?” 
The rise and fall of Amy’s breasts, showed him an increase in her respiration rate. She was afraid.
Kevin cocked his head and put an arm across Amy’s shoulders, directing her toward Mary’s grave. “If you do hear echoes, as you call them, from the dead, I’d like to know what Mary wants to say.” 
“You’re making fun of me,” Amy said.
He shook his head. “No. I’m trying to understand.” More specifically, he wanted to know if the pretty epitaph writer suffered from a mental defect.
Her expression softened. “She didn’t just fall, did she?”
Kevin swallowed down the uneasy feeling ruffling his nerve endings. “No, she fell, but there’s something missing from the story. Someone holding back information.”
Amy narrowed her gaze as if she could see inside him, as if she assessed his sincerity. Kevin held his arms out, letting her have her fill. She must have decided he wasn’t making fun of her—did people actually make fun of her for her sympathy?—because she turned and extended a shaking hand over the curve of Mary’s stone.
She made contact with the granite and her eyes rolled up momentarily, then focused on him. Amy leaned close and her normally bright amber eyes were tinged with a muddy green. “Run!” she said in a loud whisper.
Amy withdrew her hand and covered her mouth. Her eyes darted around the cemetery as she stepped backward, trembling.
Okay. She’d succeeded in unnerving him. Kevin stood rooted to his spot, his mouth dry while he stared at Amy. A breeze rustled through the trees overhead and for a moment he thought they whispered the same message to run. Kevin turned in a circle to survey their surroundings, and then he saw the man with the hoodie. A coincidence?
Where were those linemen brothers when you needed them?
“Is there another way out of the cemetery?” he asked Amy.
“Why?” 
He struggled to keep calm. Kevin didn’t need to frighten her. He was spooked. That’s all. Who wouldn’t be? Standing in a cemetery with a woman who talked to dead people… 
As unobtrusively as possible, Kevin ducked behind a large tombstone, pulling Amy with him.
“Is he following us?” Amy whispered.
So she’d seen the man, too. 
Kevin was letting his imagination get the best of him, but to be sure, he peeked around the edge of the stone. People came to the cemetery to visit the dearly departed every day. Kevin had no reason to be afraid simply because someone else was there other than him and Amy. 
The man in the hoodie continued along the cemetery road fifty yards away, looking left and right, with one notable difference. His hands were no longer jammed in his pockets. A gun gleamed under a shaft of sunlight.
Kevin rested his head against the stone and closed his eyes. Now he had a reason to be afraid. He lowered his voice. “Why did you tell me to run?”
“I didn’t.”
Goosebumps rose on his arms. Amy was either a clever liar or she was possessed. Either way, the threat was real enough. He closed his eyes once more, the stone cool on the back of his head. He locked eyes with Amy and spoke as quietly as he could. “That guy has a gun. Do you know who he is?”
She shook her head, and Kevin felt a protective tug. 
He had his city desk story now, but he wasn’t willing to die to get it. “We have to get out of here,” he whispered.
Amy took hold of his hand and led him through a row of graves. She turned and put a finger to her lips. Kevin looked over his shoulder, their pursuer no longer in view.
A row of mausoleums were cut into the hillocks and Amy crept around the side of one. With a quick look around, she opened a door made of iron spears and motioned for Kevin to follow her inside. He hesitated, but she tugged him in.
He was living his worst nightmare, surrounded by stone walls and a tiny, barred window. He was inside a crypt. Kevin gulped down the irrational fear. “Aren’t we trespassing? What if we can’t get out?” 
“The lock is broken. I used to hide in here when I was little.” Amy’s hand laced with his. Could she see the claustrophobia hovering in the corners, waiting to suffocate him? He turned to look for monsters—one monster in particular—and Amy cupped his chin, forcing him to look at her.
A gust of wind blew through the barred window, carrying Amy’s scent to him. Coconutty, with a hint of citrus. Amy leaned closer, touched her lips to his. She smiled, and said, “You looked like you felt a little awkward.” 
Kevin cupped the back of her head and deepened the kiss. Her body molded to his and he no longer cared that they hid inside someone’s burial chamber.
He’d been attracted to women before, but he’d never been as tempted to forget the examples of poor judgment he’d witnessed. There were reliable forms of birth control, and he was definitely tempted to try them out with Amy Benson. 
“What are we going to do?” Amy’s voice was little more than a breath against his cheek in the dimly lit mausoleum. 
“Do?” Oh yeah. She’d managed to make him forget about everything else, including why they were hiding in a mausoleum.
Kevin edged beside the window and peered out. The gunman circled in place as he scanned his surroundings, reminding Kevin he and Amy weren’t playing ghost in the graveyard. The gun was replaced by a cell phone. The man beckoned to someone, then tucked the phone into the pocket of his jeans.
Voices carried intermittently on the breeze and a second man came into sight. “Have to… what she knows…” 
Now seemed like a good time to call the police. Kevin reached for his own cell phone. Before he could dial, his breath caught in his throat. He recognized the second man’s faded russet hair. “Mick.”

Chapter IX
In perfect health I met my death
In bloom of youth it took me hence
In peace I lived In peace I died
I prayed for life but God denied
Amy had hidden in Henry Caldwell’s mausoleum more times than she could remember, but she’d never shared it with anyone else. In the close confines, Kevin smelled clean, like soap and laundry detergent, masking the musty smell of stone and earth. 
“Who’s Mick?” she whispered.
“My cousin,” he replied.
The men’s voices on the road grew louder, the gunman’s voice becoming clearer. “This place gives me the creeps. I say we wait in the shop. She has to come back eventually.”
“What if it’s her day off?” a second man asked, Kevin’s cousin, apparently.
“We have to find out what she knows and make sure no one else finds out.” The voice faded, as if he’d turned around, or the wind had carried his words another direction.
Amy straightened, her heart flip-flopping in her chest. “Why is there a man with a gun looking for me?”
Kevin winced and rubbed his forehead. 
“What’s going on?” she asked again.
“I told my family what you said. My cousin was there.” Kevin’s voice strained. “The call I got the other night, when we were out, it was from Mick, asking me what you knew about Mary’s death.”
Amy took a step back. “Then it wasn’t an accident.”
Kevin leveled his gaze on her. “You need to tell me what you know.” 
He grasped Amy by the arms, and she let out a startled gasp. Tears threatened. He didn’t believe in her gift. Why did she imagine Kevin might be different? She tugged free and pressed her lips tightly closed. 
He craned his neck to look out the window. “They’re gone, but you can’t go to the shop until we get this figured out. How can we get out of the cemetery without going through the main gate?”
“I have to get back to work,” she told him.
“You heard them. They’re going there to wait for you. Amy, the guy had a gun. We should go to the police. You can tell them what you know.”
“What? That a dead girl told me she wants justice? You don’t believe me. What makes you think they will?” She set her hands on her hips.
He stared at her a moment. “What else did Mary tell you? What else do you know? Did you know my sister before she died?” Kevin’s eyes grew glassy. 
Amy shook her head, her heart breaking that his grief was still so fresh. “I didn’t know your sister. I went looking for newspaper stories about her death, but I never found anything other than her obituary. I told you before. The dead don’t speak to me, it’s more like their final thoughts linger.”
“For a year?” His voice cracked.
Amy looked in the direction of Owen Matthews’ obelisk. He’d been gone fourteen years. Maybe they were ghosts whispering in her ear. “They don’t answer me when I talk to them,” she said. “Whatever I hear, it has never been a dialog.”
Kevin rubbed his eyes with the heels of his hands, then stared at the phone in his hand. “I’d like to talk to my cousin before we call the police.” He met Amy’s gaze. “Okay?”
She nodded.
“In the meantime, we need to go somewhere you’ll be safe.” Kevin checked the window again. “I don’t see them anymore. Let’s get out of here.”
“I should warn my parents. Do you think those guys would hurt them? What if I send my mom a text?”
Kevin nodded.
She typed the message into her phone, telling her mother to watch out for the man in the hoodie, that he had a gun and she should warn her father and her brothers. Amy paused, then typed a second text, “They’re looking for me, because of one of the epitaphs. I’ll call you in a bit.” 
“Okay?” he asked again.
She nodded. “There’s a footpath. We can get out that way.”
They raced the opposite direction of the two thugs, ducking behind trees and graves, toward an overgrown path at a break in the fence. Amy shielded her face with one arm while she pushed branches away with the other. Stepping stones were nearly hidden under slippery moss leading to the sidewalk on Grant Street.
Clear of the bushes, she turned to Kevin, who brushed leaves from his coat with one hand, his face scrunched into a wince.
“Are you okay?” she asked.
“That depends. Did we walk through poison ivy? Am I covered in spiders?”
Amy fought the urge to tease him. “So I guess that means you were never a Boy Scout. I don’t see anything crawling on you, and your clothes should protect you if there’s any poison ivy.” 
“For the record, I was a Boy Scout.” He glanced from one end of the block to the other. “My car is in front of the monument shop. We’ll have to go on foot.” Kevin peered around a large oak tree. “I don’t see them. You ready?”
“Where are we going?”
“My mother’s.”
Amy hesitated. When Kevin told her he had an Irish Catholic mother who kept him in line, she didn’t picture a mama’s boy attached to apron strings. “Do you live with her?” she asked.
“No, but if what happened to Mary involves family, she needs to know.” 
That made sense. Sort of. He held out his hand and Amy took it, allowing him to lead her along the sidewalk for several blocks. 
They turned on a walk bordered by brightly colored mums to a house with a mansard roof. Kevin opened the front door and stepped inside. “Ma?” he called out.
Amy surveyed the bright room, admiring the tiny flowers on the pastel wallpaper and the chintz curtains hanging at the windows. She touched a delicate lace doily beneath a lamp on a circular mahogany table.
Kevin drew her deeper into the house, into the next room. A dining table occupied half of the large, country kitchen. A group of windows overlooked the lawn that bridged the gap to the neighbor’s house. He invited Amy to sit, then sat beside her. “How did Mary die?” he asked. 
Amy bristled. “I don’t know any more than what I’ve already told you.”
“You shouted ‘run.’”
“When?”
“When you touched Mary’s headstone.”
Had she? Amy had heard the voice in her head, but she didn’t remember saying anything. She crossed her arms and glanced around the kitchen. Words were stenciled on the fascia between the cupboards and the ceiling. Bricks and mortar make a house, but the laughter of children makes a home. 
“Kevin?” A tiny woman with white hair walked in through a breezeway at the rear of the kitchen. “What brings you here this time of day?”
Kevin rose to his feet and hugged the woman. “Have you heard from Mick this morning?” he asked her.
“Not since dinner last Friday.”
“Ma, I don’t think Mary’s death was an accident, and Mick knows something.”
The woman bent around Kevin to peer at Amy. “And who might this be?”
Kevin stepped aside. “Amy Benson, my mother, Eileen McCormick.”
“A pleasure,” Mrs. McCormick said. She extended a hand to Amy. 
“He’s in trouble, Ma.”
Mrs. McCormick’s hand was cold. Her blue eyes crinkled with the hint of a smile. “Those boys, always imagining some shady dealings.” The smile left her face and she turned to Kevin. “Now. Have we not had enough talk of Mary? God rest her.” She crossed herself.
“Her soul isn’t at rest,” Amy said.
Mrs. McCormick shook a finger at Amy. “You’re the one who writes the epitaphs, then? And you’re thinking she won’t rest until she has her say? And what will that cost me?” 
“Ma!” Kevin said.
“I’ll not have it, Kevin. The poor girl is dead, and her, your sister, at that.”
“Did you hear the questions Mick asked?” Kevin’s voice took on a hint of his mother’s accent. “And then himself shows up this morning at the cemetery with another man carrying a gun, looking for Amy.”
Mrs. McCormick’s eyes opened wide. “What did you do?” she asked Amy.
Kevin answered for her. “All she said was that Mary wants justice.”
Mrs. McCormick dropped to the nearby chair. She held up a hand to silence her son and addressed Amy again. “What makes you think Mary wants justice?”
Amy looked from Kevin to his mother and back again. She was used to skepticism, and the antagonism that followed. “I’m afraid you wouldn’t believe me if I told you, ma’am.”
Mrs. McCormick slapped the table. “It was an accident. I’ll not have this, Kevin. I’ll not have someone dredging up the pain for the sake of a few words on her headstone.”
Amy took a deep breath to compose herself. “You didn’t buy her marker from my family. I’m not asking you to change the stone.”
“And what do you know of our Mary?” Mrs. McCormick’s voice caught in her throat. She rose to her full height, barely five feet.
“Obviously more than we do,” Kevin said. “Otherwise Mick wouldn’t be worried about what we might find out. And his friend with the gun wouldn’t be tracking Amy.”
“Gun? And that’s why yer here?” 
“I didn’t know where else to go,” Kevin said. 
Mrs. McCormick shook her head. “Mick’s had enough to go through with losing his father the way he did. And that mother of his—moving clear across the country never to be heard from again. You’re a brother to him, Kevin. How can you believe he’d have anything to do with hurting our Mary?”
“I wouldn’t have believed it if I hadn’t seen him at the cemetery today.”
There it was. Kevin hadn’t believed Amy. She couldn’t help being disappointed. But he hadn’t treated her like Crazy Amy, either. 
Kevin laid a hand on his mother’s shoulder. “Ma. What if Mary’s death wasn’t an accident?” 
Mrs. McCormick clearly didn’t care for Amy, and Amy wasn’t in the mood to let a guy she’d mistakenly thought might like her make her feel like a crazy person. 
Why would anyone want to kill her? “I’m going to check in with my mother,” Amy said. She took her cell phone from her pocket and leaned on the doorframe between the kitchen and the living room, her back to Kevin and his mother. 
She’d have to get home soon. Her phone battery was running low.
“Are you okay? Where are you?” her mother asked in a subdued voice. 
Amy rounded her shoulders. “Is he still there?”
“Yes. Can you tell me why?”
“It has to do with Mary McCormick.”
“Her epitaph,” her mother said.
“Yes.”
“Should I call the police?”
Amy looked over her shoulder. Mrs. McCormick sat at the kitchen table, her head buried in her arms as her back shook with sobs. “And tell them what? That your loony daughter talks to dead people and one of them didn’t die of natural causes? Yeah, they’ll jump at that.”
“I don’t always understand your gift,” her mother said, “but I do believe in it. I’m guessing Kevin’s article has something to do with this.”
“It would seem so.”
“I’ll tell the police about the article,” her mother said. “I’ll tell them someone is following you and I’ll ask if they can look into her death.”
“What about the man with the gun?” Amy asked.
“They stepped outside. One of them drove away, but the other one’s still there. I’ll have your father phone the police from the workshop. Did Kevin find you in the cemetery?”
“I’m with him now.”
“He didn’t threaten you, did he?”
Not unless you counted dragging her to his mother’s. Amy suspected he thought he was protecting her. “No, but he knows one of the men.”
Her mother was silent a moment. “There must be a misunderstanding. If you talk to them, you might be able to clear it up.”
A door opened in the kitchen and a man’s voice boomed out. “Hi, Auntie Ei. Kevin. Didn’t expect to see you here during the day. What’s going on?”
Amy eased into the living room and flattened against the wall, out of sight. She peeked into the kitchen and recognized the second man from the cemetery. “Gotta go, mom,” she whispered. She ended the call and searched the room for somewhere to hide. A narrow arch showed a flight of stairs to the second story.

Chapter X
Remember an honest man is the noblest work of God
Kevin’s mother took a hanky from her sleeve and dabbed at her eyes. “What brings you here this fine morning?” she asked Mick with a forced smile.
“I came to check on you,” Mick said. “You seemed upset about Kevin’s story.”
Kevin’s hands tightened into fists. “And whose fault is that?” he asked. “After all those questions?”
“I came to apologize.” Mick affected an unconvincing frown. “I couldn’t imagine why someone would say such things about Mary and I suppose I let it get the better of me when I probably should have held my tongue.” He turned to Kevin. “Did you take a copy of your article to those monument people?” he asked Kevin.
“As a matter of fact I did,” Kevin replied, studying his cousin.
“And was your epitaph writer pleased?” Mick tugged at his button-down collar.
Kevin didn’t answer right away, watching Mick squirm. “She wasn’t there when I arrived.” He glanced toward the living room, then met Mick’s gaze. 
Mick walked toward the living room. “Anyone else home?” 
Ma clucked her tongue. “And why would they be? Everyone else is off to school. And you boys should be at work. All this fuss. We’ve weathered worse storms. I don’t need the two of you hovering to see that I’m fine.”
Mick met Kevin’s eyes. “So you didn’t see your epitaph writer?”
Kevin raised his eyebrows. “Amy, you mean? Her folks said she was in the cemetery. Big place. Why do you ask?”
Sweat broke out on Mick’s forehead. His Adam’s apple bobbed in his throat. “I have to go,” he said abruptly, and with an absent kiss to Ma’s cheek, Mick ran out of the house.
“It seems I might have been mistaken,” Ma said softly.
Kevin glanced around the living room. If Amy had gone, he’d have heard the door. He took the steps two at a time and found Amy seated on the bed in his old room, touching the football helmet on the night stand. 
While he was growing up, guests of the opposite sex weren’t allowed on the second floor, by dictate of his mother. Especially girls who kissed the way Amy did. Kevin’s groin tightened, in spite of the Catholic guilt, in spite of knowing his mother was downstairs.
“He’s gone?” she asked.
Kevin nodded. 
She lifted the helmet. “Yours?” 
Kevin walked into the room and took the memento from her. “Pa always told me I was built for football.” The words brought a bitter taste to his mouth. He returned the helmet to its resting place.
“Where is your father?”
“He went back to Ireland where drinking yourself senseless isn’t frowned upon quite so much.” The memories reinforced his resolve to leave the bottle of scotch in his kitchen cupboard untouched.
“I’m sorry.”
“I’m not.” Life was easier after Kevin’s father left. No more worrying about getting beaten for the perceived transgression of the day. 
“What position did you play?” she asked, nodding at the helmet.
“Strong safety.”
She smiled. “And now you’re running defense for me.”
Yes, he was. He’d gotten her into this mess. Kevin had a responsibility to see that Amy remained unharmed. “Unfortunately I’m not bullet proof. I’m thinking we should call the police.”
Ma’s voice echoed in the hall outside the door. “And tell them what?”
Kevin wheeled around. “Well, for starters, report a man with a gun prowling the cemetery.”
“Likely he’s not there now,” his mother said.
“The threat remains.”
“And you’ll convince them how?” Ma raised her eyebrows. “Based on this woman believing your sister’s death was no accident? They’ll think you’ve gone soft in the head.”
“How about based on a man walking the cemetery with a gun?” Kevin retorted.
“My mother’s calling the police,” Amy said. 
Ma grabbed Kevin’s arm and stood on tiptoe, her voice low. “Is there any way we can protect Mick from all of this?”
He shrugged. “That depends on how deeply he’s involved.”
“I don’t approve of you lying to him like that, but I believe you did the right thing.” Ma looked to Amy then. “And I apologize to you for being a bit tetchy earlier.”
“I didn’t lie to him,” Kevin said. “I just held back information.”
She shook a finger at him. “And I don’t approve of girls in my boy’s bedroom.” 
With good reason, Kevin thought, based on his response to Amy. “Would you rather she’d joined Mick in the kitchen?”
Ma scowled and turned on her heel with a “humph.” 
Kevin motioned toward the hallway. “We’d better go downstairs. She is still my ma, after all.” 
Amy smiled. 
“I’ll go, too,” Ma called, as they neared the bottom step.
“You’ll go where?” he asked.
“To the police.” She looked at Amy as she and Kevin stepped into the living room. “I’ll tell them I overheard someone speaking when I went to visit the grave. I’ll ask if it’s possible her death wasn’t an accident.” Ma pointed at Amy. “Can you keep her safe?” 
He nodded.
“Safe where?” Amy asked. “Are you saying I can’t go home?” 
Kevin’s heart hitched. “I’m sorry. If I hadn’t told Mick what you said…” 
Ma’s eyes were moist again. “What did Mary tell you, lass?”
Amy took a deep breath. “I don’t actually talk to dead people.”
“Justice,” Kevin answered for her. “She said she got the impression Mary wanted justice.”
“And for that one word there’s someone chasing after you with a gun,” Ma said. “You took a chance coming here, the both of you. You can’t stay here. Kathleen can never keep a secret.”
“And who is Kathleen?” Amy asked.
“My sister,” Kevin replied.
Amy shook her head and started for the door. “I have to go to work.” 
“It isn’t safe,” Kevin repeated.
“He’s right,” Ma said.
“Can you keep her here for half an hour?” Kevin asked his mother.
“I don’t need your protection,” Amy said. “Unless there’s something you aren’t telling me about your family? Is this an Irish mafia thing or something?” She glared at him. “You know what? I am going to the police.”
“We’re no more criminal than you are,” Ma said.
Amy went hands on hip. “Except for Mick, who’s hanging around with a gunman.”
Kevin raised his hands to stop the conversation from going further. “Give me a chance to talk to Mick alone. Find out what’s going on. Then, I promise you, I’ll take you to the police station myself.”
“He was just here,” Amy argued. “Why didn’t you talk to him then?”
Kevin glanced between Amy and his mother. “He isn’t going to say anything in front of my mother. Give me half an hour.”  
~ ~ ~
Half an hour. Amy had already let Kevin drag her to meet his mother, a woman who had shown more disdain than welcome. Because Amy wrote epitaphs? 
No. She wasn’t going to run from a perceived threat. Because the man in the cemetery had a gun didn’t mean he intended to use it on Amy. She didn’t know anything about Mary McCormick or how she died. She wanted to go home, or at least back to the monument shop and her family.
Amy stormed out the front door of Mrs. McCormick’s house with Kevin in her wake.
“Wait,” he called out.
“I’m going back to work,” she told him.
“Amy, stop.”
She did, then wheeled around to face him. “I didn’t do anything wrong. I don’t have anything to be afraid of. If your cousin wants to talk to me, I’ll tell him what I know. Nothing.”
“Then you need to be afraid,” Kevin told her. “Mick is afraid, and he doesn’t frighten easily. For all we know, his friend has a personal vendetta, or a psychological problem. Most people don’t go walking cemeteries brandishing a gun.”
Okay, that worked. A tremor coursed through her like an earthquake. “Your seduction technique needs work,” she said.
Kevin’s eyes widened, and then he laughed so hard tears fell down his cheeks.
How was she supposed to keep a straight face when he was laughing so hard? Amy cracked a smile.
And then Kevin grabbed her by the arm and yanked her into the grass, where they both fell as a car sped past.
“What the hell?” she asked.
Kevin helped Amy to her feet and dragged her into an alley. 
“Kevin…”
He glanced over his shoulder. “You didn’t see that?”
“See what?” She had to run to keep up with him as they raced through someone’s yard to the next block.
“Hey!” she shouted, struggling to catch her breath. “Some people don’t appreciate strangers trespassing through their yards.” Amy batted at the branches of a six-foot arborvitae as he pulled her behind it.
Kevin crouched, yanking her down beside him. He met her gaze and spoke in a hushed voice. “That car jumped the curb. It would have run us both over.”
Amy fell backward, sitting in the dirt behind the tree. 
“Now do you understand why I wanted you to stay at my mother’s?”
“She doesn’t like me.”
“She doesn’t know you.” Kevin gave her a quick smile. “And I think she’s warming to you.” 
Amy’s throat closed and her nose tingled. She was not going to cry! “And if they tried to run me over on the curb in front of your mother’s house, certainly they wouldn’t have hesitated to walk inside if they were after me.” Her voice broke on the last word. 
Kevin pressed a finger to his lips, then pointed at the street, where a green sedan moved at idling speed.
“Is that the car?” Amy whispered.
Kevin nodded.
“So where do we go?”
Kevin took her hand and led her back the way they came, furtively ducking around corners and behind trees.
“You know I’d be nervous about someone hiding in the bushes next to my house,” she said irritably.
“Maybe they’ll call the police and we’ll have an escort.” Kevin surveyed the neighborhood as he pulled her forward.
A block from his mother’s house, they rounded a corner and happened upon a woman raking leaves in her front yard. She wore a housecoat with a kerchief tied into her hair. Amy held back, feeling more like more a criminal than a refugee.
The woman looked up, and Amy sighed with relief.  “Good afternoon, Mrs. Sumner.” She turned to Kevin. “Mrs. Sumner and her husband used to run the flower shop in town until Mr. Sumner died a couple of years ago.”
Kevin extended his hand. “Ma’am.”
Mrs. Sumner wiped her hands on her apron before she shook Kevin’s hand. “Call me Lily. Please.” She tilted her head. A wisp of silver gray hair curled out from its restraints. “Why on earth are the two of you running through the yards?” 
“Someone’s chasing us,” Amy told her. 
Mrs. Sumner leaned forward to check the empty road. “It seems you’ve lost them.” Her bright blue eyes twinkled under a cocked eyebrow. “You aren’t running from the police, are you?”
“A disagreement between my cousin and me,” Kevin said.
“A love triangle?” Mrs. Sumner folded her hands across her heart and sighed.
“Not quite,” Amy said.
“The mafia, maybe?” Mrs. Sumner guessed again, still grinning. “I know. I’m being silly, but I do love a bit of adventure. You should come inside. Hide out for a while. I have this big empty house. Ever since Charlie went…” The smile slipped from her face and her eyes took on a dreamy sort of look.
“Would you mind?” Kevin asked.
Amy shook her head. “We can’t.” 
“We need a plan,” Kevin said quietly.
“You must come inside.” Mrs. Sumner led them toward the screened-in porch in front of the bungalow house. “Who’d think of looking for you here? And I would love the company. Stay and visit for a while. A few hours? A few days?”
Kevin laughed. “Let’s start with a few minutes, until I can figure something out.”
“We don’t want to draw her into this,” Amy argued. “That man had a gun, remember?”
“Always love a little excitement,” Mrs. Sumner said. “The man with the gun, your cousin?”
“No,” Amy answered for Kevin. “And I don’t want to put you in danger.”
Mrs. Sumner waved a hand of dismissal. “I’m an old woman. I’m going to die anyway.”

Chapter XI
Gone but never forgotten
Kevin surveyed their surroundings as Mrs. Sumner led them through the small living room and connected dining room. A door in the section of wall between the two rooms likely led to the attic if her house was like every other bungalow he’d been inside. Perpendicular to the door, an arch opened to the adjacent hallway. He stepped one foot into the hallway and checked the rooms on either end.
Mrs. Sumner slid open a pocket door between the dining room and the kitchen while she waited for Kevin. “I live alone. I’m the only one here.”
And when had he become so paranoid? “Sorry,” he said. “I guess my nerves are on edge.”
“Which is exactly why we shouldn’t be here,” Amy said between clenched teeth.  
“Nonsense,” Mrs. Sumner told her. “The kitchen isn’t big, but I think we’ll all fit around the table if you’d like a cup of tea. Or would you rather sit at the dining table?”
“The kitchen will be fine,” Kevin told her. He stepped into the small room, roughly a third the size of his mother’s country kitchen. The table was pushed again the wall, with chairs at the three open places. The surface was big enough for dinner plates, but no serving dishes. 
“I have Assam tea,” Mrs. Sumner said. “Would that be good?” 
She smiled and Kevin had the unsettling feeling she knew the answer. It wasn’t a common variety. But she couldn’t know that was the kind of tea his mother kept, could she? “That would be great. Thank you.” 
Amy remained standing, her arms crossed as if that was how she held herself together.
“I’m going to see if I can get hold of Mick,” Kevin told her. “The sooner I get answers, the sooner we can resume our normal lives.” He shot a nervous glance at Mrs. Sumner, then lowered his voice. “If there’s something you know about my sister, someone who told you something, now would be a good time to tell me.”
Amy rolled her eyes. “I’ve already told you, I didn’t know Mary.”
“Why do you think she wants justice?” 
“We’ve been over this,” she said impatiently.
Kevin touched her shoulder and Amy shrugged away. He pulled out his cell phone and dialed Mick’s number. 
“What’s going on?” he asked when Mick answered.
“Where are you?” Mick asked.
“No. You don’t get to ask me that. Not when a thug with a gun is following me. What do you know, Mick?”
When Mick didn’t answer right away, Kevin held the phone out to make sure the call was still connected. 
“I can’t tell you,” Mick’s tinny voice finally replied.
“What the hell does that mean?” He held up a hand to Mrs. Sumner and mouthed an apology for the profanity. She nodded once.
“Look, I’m doing what I can to diffuse the situation,” Mick told him. “Things got out of control. Everything’s out of control. Kev…” Mick hesitated a moment, and then his voice became a whisper. “I gotta go.” The line went dead.
Kevin laid his phone on the table and wound his hands in his hair. The phone rang again. The display showed his mother.
“Ma?”
“Kevin, love, the police are here. I told them what I’d heard in the cemetery this morning and they’ve assured me there’s nothing to worry about.”
“The police are there? At the house?” he asked.
“Just so. This nice policeman friend of Mick’s says it’s a story, and he thinks your epitaph writer made it up.”
Policeman friend of Mick’s? Kevin’s heart jumped. “Ma, are you all right?” 
“Sure. A bit worried about the mouse that ran through the kitchen this morning. I’m sure you’ll take care of it if it comes back.”
There had been no mouse. She meant Amy. 
“Ma…”
“I’m fine. I do hate all this nonsense. Leave the dead to rest in peace.” Kevin knew she’d be crossing herself. “I’m sure the police will keep an eye on me should that woman harass us anymore.”
They’d be watching her. Waiting for Kevin to show up. “And is Mick there, too?” Kevin hesitated between fear for his ma and the need to protect Amy. How was Mick involved in all of this?
“Right-o. Mary’s death was an accident,” his mother said more softly. “There’s nothing to be done with it now.”
Kevin rubbed his forehead. “I’ll fix this, Ma.”
“I know you will. Now off with you and call me later.”
She disconnected the call and Kevin slammed an open palm against the table. Amy jumped and he immediately regretted frightening her more than she already appeared to be.
“So?” she asked, her voice shaking.
“My mother called the police. They’re with her now. It seems one of them is a friend of Mick’s.”
Amy’s eyes grew round. “Are we talking dirty cops?”
“Apparently.” Mick was obviously in over his head. Credit him with not giving Kevin away when he’d called. 
Kevin stared at his phone, and then sent a text to Mick that told him he wanted to talk to him. Now.
~ ~ ~
Mrs. Sumner poured tea for them. Amy thanked her, but Kevin stared at his phone. He looked up, mumbled a thank you, and went back to watching the blank screen. Mrs. Sumner had taken them in knowing they were in trouble. She might understand why he wasn’t paying attention, but there was no excuse for bad manners. Amy shook her head.
Mrs. Sumner pulled off her kerchief and smoothed the loose strands of gray hair that escaped the braids wrapped around her head. She untied her apron and straightened the skirt of her house dress. When she lifted her cup, Amy noticed the ashen color of Mrs. Sumner’s skin in contrast to the white porcelain.
Mrs. Sumner was dying.
Amy shivered while a secret understanding passed between them. “Is there anything I can do?” she asked.
Mrs. Sumner reached over and patted her hand, not bothering to ask what she meant. “Death is a part of life. We weren’t meant to live forever.”
“I hope we don’t have to impose on you for long.”
“Not me. I hope you’re here for a few days, at least.” Mrs. Sumner’s eyes crinkled with her smile. “The house gets very quiet. I’m glad for the company.”
Amy lifted the bottom of the tablecloth to examine ivy embroidered on the edge. The linen was soft, and the green leaves faded with time. “Did you do the needlework on this?” 
“Me? No. It was a wedding gift. My sister made that for me. They don’t make things to last the way they used to. That cloth lasted longer than my sister.”
Amy let go of the cloth and picked up her tea. “It’s beautiful.”
“She told me she embroidered the ivy so I would take root. Margaret thought I was too much of a free spirit. They never believed Charlie would stay.” Mrs. Sumner pointed at a tarnished picture frame of her and Mr. Sumner on a shelf over the sink. A smile lifted one corner of her mouth. “Forty-eight wonderful years we were married. People considered me an old maid back then, I was twenty-three when we got married. Nowadays women don’t get married until they’re thirty. Land sakes!” She laughed a dry sort of cackle and waved a hand in the air to dismiss the thought.
Kevin looked up at the odd sound of Mrs. Sumner’s laughter, took a sip of his tea and then focused on his damn phone again.
Amy scowled at him, but he wasn’t paying attention. “Why did your sister think you were a free spirit?” she asked Mrs. Sumner.
Mrs. Sumner held up a finger. “Wait here a minute. I’ll show you.” She walked through the open pocket door, into the living room, where she tugged a drawer on a curved end table and pulled out a photo album. A moment later she laid the album on the kitchen table. Black and white snapshots had turned sepia with age. With a bony finger, Mrs. Sumner pointed to a slightly out-of-focus young woman with long, fuzzy curls.
“The boys didn’t care for me, I was much too outspoken and I wasn’t good with my studies. My parents were sure I would be a burden to them for the rest of their lives.”
Amy turned the photo album toward Kevin. He made half an effort to look at the picture, which increased Amy’s irritation.
“When I was eighteen,” Mrs. Sumner continued, “a carnival came through town. This picture was taken that day. Well, let me tell you, there was a young man with the carnival that made my heart do flip-flops, he was so handsome.” She pointed to another photo of a young man with wavy dark hair. A hint of a smile played on his mischievous face. Something in his expression reminded Amy of Nick Benedetto on the school staircase.
“He’s very handsome,” Amy said.
“You can imagine what my parents thought of me taking up with a carny. And you are probably familiar with the character of those people.” She waved a hand. “I didn’t care. I was young and foolish. You can imagine my dismay when the time came for the carnival to move on. Bart, that was his name, said his goodbyes and I wasn’t any too pleased. In my rage, I went in to see the fortune teller, hoping she might tell me something to indicate he cared more for me than he did, or at least to tell me what was to become of me.” A faraway look clouded her eyes. “She told me about Charlie. Imagine. Two years before I met the man.” 
She leaned forward and took both of Amy’s hands. “And she told me much more. I traveled with the carnival to the next town.” Mrs. Sumner sat back and waved her hands in the air with another chuckle. “Margaret was fit to be tied. She was so angry with me.”
“Why did you go?”
“That fortune teller, Gypsy Bella, she called herself. She gave me a job.”
Amy laughed. “Gypsy Bella?”
“She was Romanian. I didn’t even know where Romania was then. ‘Bella,’ she told me, ‘like Bela Lugosi, but with two L’s.’ She taught me to read fortunes. Gypsy Bella had a crystal ball. All part of the show—mostly assessing the person who walked through the door rather than any real magic. But every now and then she met someone she could really read. Like me.”
“Are you sure she wasn’t pulling your leg?” Amy asked. “Some people want to believe so badly they’re willing to buy anything.”
Mrs. Sumner shot a glance at Kevin, who’d stopped pretending to pay attention, and lowered her voice to a whisper. “She knew things no one else did. The way you and I do.”
Amy smirked. “Now I know you’re just telling me a story. I don’t know anything.”
“You have quite a gift with epitaphs.” Mrs. Sumner closed the photo album gingerly, stroking it in her lap.
“That’s nothing. A sensitivity to someone’s feelings.”
Mrs. Sumner shook her head. “It’s more than that. You know it and I know it. The same way you know my time on this earth is short.”
The breath caught in Amy’s throat. “I’m not a fortune teller.” 
“The dead speak to you.”
Amy glanced at Kevin. Nope, still not paying attention. And then his phone buzzed with the incoming text.
“I gave up fortune telling when I married Charlie,” Mrs. Sumner continued. “Of course, that didn’t stop me from knowing things.” She winked at Amy. “But that’s why Margaret was sure our marriage wouldn’t work. She didn’t know Charlie and me were meant to be together. She thought it was another fling, like with that Bart.” She shook her head. “I think back on those days now and I’m scandalized by my own behavior.” She cackled. “But my lands, I had fun.”
Kevin texted a response.
“Tell me about these people chasing you,” Mrs. Sumner said. “And don’t worry, you’ll be safe here. They don’t know where you are.”
“How can you be sure?”
Mrs. Sumner took a deep breath and closed her eyes. When she opened them again, she smiled. “I don’t feel any danger here. Now. Tell me what started all this.”
“When Kevin interviewed me, I told him something.” 
“Sometimes the spirits refuse to remain silent.” Mrs. Sumner leaned forward as if to encourage her.
Amy shivered again. Mrs. Sumner’s extra sense unnerved her. “I don’t talk to dead people.”
Mrs. Sumner rubbed the back of Amy’s hand. “What was it the spirit wanted you to say?”
Kevin’s phone buzzed with another text. 
Amy huffed, then lowered her voice. “Kevin had a sister who died a short time ago. I get the idea she wants justice.” Amy shook her head. “I don’t know why. I don’t understand it. I asked Kevin what happened to her and he said her death was an accident.” She glanced at Kevin, who gave her a hooded glance before he typed another response. 
Mrs. Sumner straightened in her chair. “I see. And Kevin told someone what you said, and now that someone is worried their secret will be found out. They want to know what you know.”
“Apparently.”
“If someone killed that girl, they probably won’t hesitate to kill you, too.”
Amy’s heartbeat doubled. 
“You should know what you’re dealing with. This spirit, Mary? She wants your help.”
“I don’t talk to the dead,” Amy said. “The epitaphs? They’re echoes. Thoughts that remain behind.”
“We should talk to the spirits,” Mrs. Sumner whispered. “Let Mary have her say.”
“How?”
Mrs. Sumner rubbed her hands together like a child who’d been offered candy. “We’ll have a séance. What fun! I haven’t done one of those since...” She put a hand to her chin and tilted her head. “Lands, it’s been too long to remember. We could ask Charlie. He’s buried near her.”
Amy cringed. “Can you speak to Charlie?” 
“No, of course not,” Mrs. Sumner said. “But I’m sure he’d speak up if the occasion warranted. He was a man of few words, my Charlie, but he wasn’t shy when there was something needed saying.”
Amy glanced at Kevin, who looked back at her. She turned to Mrs. Sumner. “I don’t think it’s a good idea.”
“What isn’t?” Kevin asked.
Oh, now he was paying attention. Amy scowled at him again. 
Mrs. Sumner rose to her feet. “I was suggesting a séance to find out why your sister’s looking for justice.”
Kevin’s expression changed from surprised to guarded in a matter of seconds. “No.”
Mrs. Sumner waved a hand through the air. “What harm could it do?”
“We’re talking about Kevin’s sister,” Amy said. “He doesn’t need to live through the grief all over again.”
With her hands extended toward Kevin, Mrs. Sumner said, “A séance might bring you peace, put an end to your grief.”
Kevin’s phone buzzed one more time. He read the text, then put his phone in his pocket. 
“Will you be all right here for a little while?” he asked Amy.
“What do you mean?”
Kevin looked first at Mrs. Sumner, then at Amy. “I’m going to meet Mick. Whoever’s tracking us won’t think to look for you here.” He looked at Mrs. Sumner again. “Do you mind?” 
Mrs. Sumner touched Kevin’s arm, her eyes round. “Don’t go.”
“What…?”
She shook her head. “Bad. Bad. Not good… Don’t go.”
Gooseflesh rose on Amy’s arms. She didn’t understand Mrs. Sumner’s gift any more than she understood her own, but she trusted it. “I think she’s right. I don’t think you should go.”
“I have to. He’s my family.”









	

Chapter XII
Beneath these stones
Repose the bones of Pirate Jones
This briny well
Contains the shell
The rest’s in Hell
Mick had set up the meet with Kevin, which meant Mick and his cohort knew where Kevin was headed, or at least Mick did. Amy’s mother said one of the men had left the monument shop—Mick, considering he’d shown up at Ma’s. Would the other guy stay behind to keep watch? Or was he the policeman at Ma’s?
Kevin’s car was parked in front of the monument shop. He had to move it or risk having it towed. His laptop was hidden in the trunk. He’d need that in order to work. 
With his hood pulled up, Kevin was probably as unobtrusive as the man with the gun—not very—but he didn’t want to be easily recognized. He purposely added an extra dip to his walk, keeping an eye out for anyone hanging around, any cars that looked suspicious. 
If being a city desk reporter came with this level of paranoia, he might be better off as a feature writer. Front page news might be more exciting, but if the criminals took notice of him, the added worry for his family, and now for Amy, wasn’t something he wanted to live with.
Kevin slid behind the wheel of his car. Still no signs of anyone following him, but he’d be an easy target in his own car.
His car wouldn’t be out of place at his apartment building. Kevin could use public transportation until he found out what Mick knew, until he was safe from thugs carrying guns. 
As he angled into his assigned parking spot, Kevin spotted a man sitting in a sedan near the corner. Was he being paranoid? When the man raised binoculars and aimed them at the front entrance, Kevin decided against going inside.
He opened his trunk only enough to retrieve his laptop and duffle bag, closed it, then stayed as low as he could to maneuver his way through the cars in the lot, trying to stay out of sight. He slipped into an alley and came out next to a bus shelter. The bus was stopped at a red light two blocks down. Even though the train station was walking distance, Kevin decided in favor of the speed and cover the bus provided. He pulled a baseball cap from his duffle, tugged the bill low over his forehead and tried his best to look invisible until the bus arrived.
When the bus stopped at the shelter, Kevin shouldered his bags and climbed in, paid his fare and slouched into a seat.
As the bus neared the train station, Kevin looked over the commuter parking lot. Mick’s red Trans Am should be easy enough to spot. Kevin walked off the bus checking for Mick or other signs of trouble. 
Was Mick waiting for him in the station? Kevin pulled out his phone to text his cousin when he spotted the car, with Mick at the wheel. Kevin tucked his phone into his pocket and stalked toward the vehicle. He dropped his bags and yanked open the driver door before he tugged Mick to his feet.
“What the hell is going on?” Kevin asked.
Mick raised his hands in surrender. “I swear, I didn’t know anything.” He glanced around the parking lot as if he expected trouble.
This wasn’t good.
“Didn’t know anything,” Kevin repeated. “But you know something now, don’t you?”
Mick looked over Kevin’s shoulders and his eyes went as round as saucers. He tugged Kevin toward the street.
Kevin shook free, his temper well past humoring his cousin. “What are you doing?”
“We have to go somewhere else,” Mick said.
“Not until you tell me what’s going on.”
“I didn’t know he was going to follow me.” Mick crouched beside a car, peering through windows in search of whatever threat he’d spotted. 
Kevin instinctively crouched beside him. “Who?”
“I’ll tell you everything I know, as soon as we get out of here.” He rose slightly, surveying the landscape. When he turned to Kevin, Mick stared at Kevin’s shirt, then grabbed Kevin’s arms.
Kevin looked down, trying to figure out what Mick saw. A red dot. Wavering. 
“No!” Mick shouted, and pushed Kevin to the ground. 
A loud crack echoed across the parking lot, followed by a surprised scream from a woman near the train station. Mick fell against the car and landed hard on his butt. He grabbed his side and winced, falling into Kevin. “I think I broke a rib.”
Kevin pushed him off. “Get off me, you ape.” He looked at his wet hands, red with blood. “Mick?”
Tears poured down Mick’s cheeks. “Kevin. I’m so sorry.” He held his own hands in front of his face, hands that were also stained with red. Mick had been hit. As the realization registered on his face, his eyes rolled back and he slid to one side.
Kevin wiped his hands on his shirt, yanked his cell phone from his pocket and tried to steady his fingers enough to hit the emergency call button. Glancing through the rows of cars, he stayed low to keep from being the next victim.
“911, what’s your emergency?” a voice asked from his phone.
“My cousin’s been shot,” Kevin told her. The operator asked him questions, but other than his location and the fact he was afraid to move for fear of being shot himself, he couldn’t concentrate on what she said. 
Sirens grew louder. Kevin rose slowly to peer through car windows, braver now that he knew reinforcements were on the way. A man and a woman stood outside the station, clutched in an embrace. The operator babbled in his ear and Kevin responded with an inattentive grunt. 
The man at the station pointed at Kevin, sent the woman inside and walked toward Kevin. 
“Are you okay? Man, that bullet went right by my ear,” he said.
Another man darted between cars. A man in a hooded sweatshirt.
“Sir, are you there?” the operator asked.
“Yeah,” Kevin answered. She recited some bullshit that was meant to calm him down, but his heart hammered while he watched the man in the sweatshirt creep closer—the man who had been carrying the gun in the cemetery. 
The bystander followed Kevin’s gaze and he started toward the shooter. “Wait.” Kevin reached for him to warn him, and then the gunman flashed a badge. 
“He’s a police officer,” Kevin muttered.
“Sir?” the woman on the phone responded. 
“The man who shot my cousin is a cop,” Kevin said into the phone. He pulled the phone away from his ear and stared at it. They had his cell phone number. 
He disconnected the call. “Hey,” Kevin called to the bystander, who’d moved two rows away. The cop had his hand in the kangaroo pocket of his hoodie, walking straight toward the guy. Kevin straightened. Cruisers pulled into the parking lot. 
“Simon!” the woman in the station shrieked. 
The bystander, Simon, stopped, caught between the shooter and the woman. Police jumped from their cars. One took Simon by the arm.
The shooter couldn’t afford to kill witnesses now.
“Mick,” Kevin whispered. His voice wavered. He knew he wasn’t going to get an answer. He bent down and checked Mick’s carotid artery for a pulse, but there was nothing. Mick was dead. How was he going to tell his Ma? Or his sisters? Or Liam?
“McCormick!” the gunman shouted.
The shooter knew his name. “What did you do?” Kevin whispered to his dead cousin. It would be too easy for the policeman to claim he shot Kevin in pursuit. 
He wasn’t about to be the cop’s next victim. He picked up his bags and slunk away, ducking behind anything large enough to hide him. 
Four blocks from the crime scene, Kevin leaned against a building and stared at his cell phone. 
He hadn’t seen the cop shoot. He could be wrong. 
Could they pull Kevin’s cell phone records and track him that way? 
Kevin powered his phone down. There was nothing to connect him to Mrs. Sumner. He made a serpentine route to her house.
He slipped through the back door. Amy and Mrs. Sumner were seated in the living room. Mrs. Sumner didn’t look up from the needlework in her lap. Amy dropped the magazine she’d been holding and rose to her feet. She covered her mouth with both hands.
“Your cousin, he’s dead?” Mrs. Sumner asked, never looking up from her stitching.
Kevin left his bags beside the door and sank into a kitchen chair. He wove his fingers into his hair, trying to quell the nerves.
Amy touched his shoulder, calling attention to the fact he was shaking. 
“Is he?” she whispered.
He nodded. Amy’s eyes blurred out of focus and the words tumbled out with his tears. “He pushed me out of the way. He didn’t even know he’d been shot. He thought he’d cracked a rib, and then, right before he d-d-died, he realized he was bleeding. It happened that quickly.” 
Amy dropped to her knees. Her arms circled him and he clenched fistfuls of the back of her blouse to squeeze out the anguish.
~ ~ ~
Amy glanced at Mrs. Sumner, who seemed disinterested in what was happening. Kevin’s cousin was dead. Because of Amy’s epitaph for Mary?
Mrs. Sumner met her gaze and shook her head. “No rationalizing a killer’s behavior,” she said. 
Amy shivered, unnerved at Mrs. Sumner’s ability to see into her thoughts. 
“He pushed you out of the way?” Mrs. Sumner went on, talking to Kevin.
Kevin released his hold on Amy, head bowed, and wiped his eyes before he nodded.
“Then it would seem the bullet was meant for you. Your cousin saved your life.”
“Why?” Amy asked, her voice squeaking. 
“Power of the press,” Mrs. Sumner replied.
Amy wrapped her arms around herself to capture the heat that escaped with Kevin. Her blouse was damp, and Amy gasped. Some of the blood had transferred from Kevin’s shirt to hers.
Mrs. Sumner clucked her tongue. “You both need to clean up.” She set her needlework aside and rose from the sofa, shooing them toward the door beside the hallway. “Upstairs.”
“The attic?” Amy asked.
“It was once,” Mrs. Sumner replied. “Charlie remodeled it. Now there are two more bedrooms and a second bathroom. He wanted a big family, you see, but we were never blessed with children.”
“I can wash down here,” Kevin said, huskiness in his voice.
“There’s more room up there,” Mrs. Sumner said. “A shower. There’s only the tub down here. And you,” she said to Amy. “I might have a fresh shirt that would fit you.”
Mrs. Sumner was at least six inches shorter than Amy, narrow through the shoulders where Amy was broad. How could she have anything that would fit?
“My niece left a few things last time she visited,” Mrs. Sumner told her. “She’s about your size.”
The wooden steps creaked beneath their weight as they followed Mrs. Sumner. The air was musty in the dimly lit hallway at the top. Mrs. Sumner opened a door to a spacious bathroom. Sunlight shimmered off large white tile-covered walls. 
“Towels are underneath the sink,” she told Kevin. “Now take off your bloody clothes and I’ll wash them for you.”
He unbuttoned his shirt and shrugged out of it, then yanked his t-shirt over his head to expose a muscled, hairless chest. He held the clothes as far from his body as possible. Amy reached for him—not the clothes, she realized almost too late. 
She swallowed down her response. “I’ll take them.” 
Mrs. Sumner disappeared through another door, further down the hallway. 
Kevin hadn’t moved. He looked at Amy with something more than grief—something hot and inviting. 
Yes, please.
She imagined the feel of his chest beneath her hands, his lips on hers. She turned her head and closed her eyes. The last thing he needed right now was a naïve woman throwing herself at him. Kevin was grieving, and yet they both needed a diversion. Something to think about beside the fact a killer was after them.
“I found a blouse,” Mrs. Sumner said, reappearing in the hallway. “I’m sure Melinda wouldn’t mind, being as how she hasn’t been here in more than a year now.” She hesitated, glancing from Amy to Kevin and back again. 
Amy took a step toward Mrs. Sumner. “Thank you. I’ll try it on.” 
The bedroom was scattered with bolts of fabric. A dress dummy stood in one corner and a sewing machine was set up against the wall. 
“A bit of an obstacle course, I’m afraid,” Mrs. Sumner said. She handed the button-down blouse, white with small pastel flowers, to Amy. “I’ll have to straighten things up one of these days.” 
The click of a lockset told Amy Kevin had closed the bathroom door. A faucet squeaked, followed by rushing water.
Amy set Kevin’s bloodied clothes on the floor and shrugged out of her shirt, adding it to the pile. Mrs. Sumner bent and picked them all up.
“I’ll take them downstairs and get the wash started,” she said. Mrs. Sumner chuckled as she bustled into the hallway, the stairway creaking with her descent.
Leaving Amy alone upstairs with Kevin. She glanced at the open bedroom door. 
Kevin was across the hall, certainly naked by now as water sprayed over his body. Heat coursed through Amy. She wanted to help, to touch his skin, to feel his touch. 
Without considering her actions, Amy crossed the hallway and opened the bathroom door. 
Behind a clear plastic curtain, he stood in the shower, his hands against the wall under the shower head, his head bowed under the stream. As if he’d sensed her approach, he brushed the water from his face and looked at her.
Amy’s mouth watered as she took in the sight of him, blurred slightly by the shower curtain. 
What was she doing?
Heart pounding, she retreated to the bedroom and held the blouse Mrs. Sumner had given her against her chest, her eyes squeezed tight. The blouse smelled faintly of mimosa. Amy raised it to her nose and took a deeper whiff, something to ground her.
The faucet squeaked again. The water stopped. Eyes closed, Amy was afraid to move. She needed a moment to recover her wits.
The bathroom door opened and, with her back to the bedroom door, Amy fumbled with the buttons on the blouse Mrs. Sumner had given her. 
Hands settled on either side of her waist. A warm tongue tasted the skin on her neck. Amy lowered her hands, lost in the sensation. His body nestled to her back and she closed her eyes and sighed. Amy turned into the embrace, hungry for Kevin’s kisses—and whatever came next.
No one was there.

Chapter XIII
After life’s fitful fever
He sleeps well
Amy crept down the staircase wearing Melinda’s blouse. She’d gotten it buttoned, but it gapped across her chest. Kevin sat at the small kitchen table in a long-sleeved henley.
Who had been standing behind her upstairs? She’d never heard Kevin walk down the creaky staircase. 
“I thought it better to soak the shirts rather than start the washer until you’d finished your shower,” Mrs. Sumner told Kevin. “Amy, come join us.” 
Amy pulled the gaps in her shirt together before she walked into the kitchen.
“Melinda’s blouse fits then,” Mrs. Sumner said, appraising her. 
“It’s a little small. And who is Melinda exactly?” Amy asked. 
Mrs. Sumner replied with her cackle of a laugh. “My niece, our Melinda. She lives in Nebraska now, with children of her own. The other children, though, they don’t come to see us—me—much. Charlie’s sister never cared for me. Called me a gypsy.”
“Are you sure no one else is in the house?” Amy asked, sending a glance over her shoulder at the upstairs doorway.
Mrs. Sumner’s eyes twinkled. “Only me now that Charlie’s gone. Why do you ask?”
Whatever she’d experienced must have been imagination. Yes, she was attracted to Kevin, but enough to conjure up the feel of his hands on her skin, his lips on her neck? Amy shivered.
“Will you start the washer, now that Kevin’s out of the shower?” Mrs. Sumner said to Amy. “That way I can fix us something to eat.” She pointed to an alcove off the kitchen that housed the washer and dryer. 
The shirts were in a bucket filled with pink water in the laundry tub. Amy put a hand over the clothes and poured the cold water down the drain. 
I meant no harm.
She shivered while the sensation from the wet clothes absorbed into her body along with the familiar nausea. Mick’s epitaph.
A knock on the front door startled her. Amy ducked behind the wall in the alcove, where Kevin joined her.
“What happened?” he whispered.
An inch away from Kevin, breathing in the scent of soap, she turned her back to him. He set his hands on her hips and leaned into her. A perfect fit, just like upstairs. It had to have been Kevin, but how? Amy closed her eyes.
Mrs. Sumner’s footsteps echoed on the screen porch and the hinges screeched when she opened the door. Another woman’s voice mixed in conversation and Amy heard the familiar cackle of her host. Two sets of footsteps walked into the living room.
“It’s my niece and her fiancé,” Mrs. Sumner said. “Melinda, are you there?”
Amy threw the wet clothes into the washer, grabbed the laundry soap off the shelf and added a small amount, then closed the lid and turned the washer on. 
Mrs. Sumner extended an arm to Amy. “There you are. She’s doing a load of laundry for me.” 
Amy extended a trembling hand to the new guest. “How do you do?”
“Mrs. Brown lives next door,” Mrs. Sumner continued. “She noticed all the activity and was wondering what was going on.” 
Mrs. Brown looked to be about Amy’s mother’s age judging by the faded color of her hair, the sprinkling of gray strands mixing with the brown. Amy extended her hand. “Nice to meet you.”
“We worry about your aunt, living here all alone,” Mrs. Brown said. “So we keep an eye out for her. I came to invite her to dinner. You can all come.”
“We’ve only just arrived.” Amy’s voice was shaky, but she continued the charade. “It’s been so long since I’ve visited my aunt. We’d like to spend some time catching up. I hope you don’t mind.”
Mrs. Sumner winked. “I don’t intend to let them out of my house for a couple of days. They don’t get here near enough.”
Mrs. Brown didn’t seem convinced. “Certainly you don’t want to be cooped up in this old house…”
Amy glanced toward the ceiling, remembering the bolts of fabric and the dummy in the bedroom. “Aunt Lily and I have sewing projects to work on.” 
Mrs. Sumner curled her arm through Amy’s. “Just like the old days.”
“Well, maybe we can get together before you leave,” Mrs. Brown said.
“I’d like that,” Amy said.
“You know, it’s getting late and I don’t smell anything cooking,” Mrs. Brown said. “At least let me bring a casserole over for you. I made one for David but, as you know, I’ll take any excuse for a night out, and if you’re embroiled in your sewing project…”
“That would be lovely!” Mrs. Sumner clapped her hands. “Oh, Helen. You’re so thoughtful.”
“Are you sure, Aunt Lily?” Amy asked. “I’d be happy to whip something up.”
“It’s no trouble,” Mrs. Brown reassured her with the wave of a hand. “I’ll be back in ten minutes.” She let herself out.
Mrs. Sumner sighed. “What a nice thought.” 
“Yes, it was nice of her to offer you her dinner,” Amy said.
“Oh, I was thinking of you, dear. I like the idea of being your Aunt Lily. And how clever of you! I never even told you I taught Melinda to sew. It’s what she does now. She’s a seamstress. Do you sew, Amy?”
“No, I’m afraid I don’t.” 
Mrs. Sumner opened a drawer in one of the end tables and withdrew a deck of cards before they returned to the kitchen.
Kevin’s voice immediately behind her startled Amy. He spoke quietly into her ear. “You had that same look you had at the restaurant. The one you had right before you handed that woman the note. Did you hear an epitaph?”
Amy nodded. “He said, ‘I meant no harm.’” 
“Mick?”
“I assume so.”
Kevin placed a hand on her arm and pulled gently so Amy looked at him. “What else?”
“What do you mean?”
He gave her a sideways grin. “Your face is very expressive.”
She waited a beat, trying to judge if he had been in the bedroom and snuck out before she’d turned around. “Before you came downstairs. Just now. Did you… were you…?” 
He lowered his head. “Are you talking about when you walked into the bathroom?”
A flash of heat coursed through her body. “Sorry about that.”
His gaze went over Amy’s shoulder. “We can talk about that later.”
“So you…?”
“What?” His brow wrinkled, confused. 
“When you got out of the shower. Did you walk into the bedroom?”
“I came downstairs to get a shirt out of my bag.”
Mrs. Sumner fanned the oversized deck across the kitchen table. She pulled several cards out and turned them over. “It’s such fun, having company. I haven’t done this for ages.”
They weren’t normal playing cards. Mrs. Sumner turned over Tarot cards.
“This one right here?” Mrs. Sumner pointed at the last card, “this proves it. It’s the right thing to do.”
“What is?” Kevin asked.
She cocked an eyebrow and handed the card to Amy. “The Lovers.”
The card in question bore the designation along with a picture of a naked couple entwined together. 
Mrs. Sumner placed the back of her hand beside her mouth and whispered to Amy. “It’s in the cards. That means it’s meant to be.”
“Yoo-hoo,” Mrs. Brown called from the living room. “Fresh from the oven. Chicken and rice. I hope you don’t mind. And don’t worry about the dish, Lily. I can pick it up anytime.”
“I still have the last dish you brought over,” Mrs. Sumner said. “And you know I don’t like to send a dish back empty.”
Mrs. Brown waved a hand. “Nonsense. You don’t have to make anything for me.”
“Enjoy your evening out,” Mrs. Sumner said with a wink.
“You know I will.” Mrs. Brown waved over her shoulder and left as quickly as she’d come.
“That should be the end to visitors for this evening,” Mrs. Sumner said. “Are you hungry, Kevin? And I’ve got just the thing—a nice bottle of wine that I save for company.”
“No need to open it on my account,” Kevin said. “I don’t care much for alcohol.”
“I probably shouldn’t either,” Amy said. “It doesn’t take much for me to get light-headed.”
“Just one glass. This is a special occasion. I don’t have dinner guests often.” Mrs. Sumner opened the cabinet beneath the sink and extracted a bottle. “Amy, dear, would you open this for me?” She reached into a drawer and gave Amy a corkscrew. “Kevin, the glasses are in that cupboard by the stove. Would you mind?”
~ ~ ~
Kevin found two wine glasses and set them on the table, keeping an eye on Amy. She wasn’t telling him something. Something she’d found upstairs? Other than him in the shower. And why had she walked in on him? That promised to be an interesting conversation.
And what was with the Tarot cards? Most grandmotherly types didn’t go around encouraging people to be lovers.
“You didn’t get one for yourself?” Mrs. Sumner asked, nodding at the wine glasses while she set the table.
Kevin shook his head. They took their seats, but Kevin wasn’t hungry.
The idea of wiping away the pain with a glass of alcohol—no, a bottle of alcohol—attracted him. He desperately wanted to forget the look in Mick’s eyes. Alcohol had temporarily numbed the shock when Mary died, but the pain never went away. 
No. 
“One little drink” had usually been the start of one too many for his father. Kevin wouldn’t risk putting anyone through the horrors his father had inflicted on his family.
Maybe the alcoholic gene hadn’t passed to Kevin.
Mick hadn’t shied away from alcohol. Kevin should have given Mick a ride home from the bar instead of abandoning him, but Kevin’s temper had taken over. Would Mick have provided more information if Kevin had stayed for a cup of coffee? Sobered Mick up?
Tears welled in Kevin’s eyes again. Two of his family killed, most likely by the same person. 
Mary’s death wasn’t an accident.
And Amy knew. Kevin glanced at her, her cheeks rosy red. 
He pushed the casserole around his plate, fighting back the memory of Mick dying in his arms. 
I meant no harm. 
A fitting epitaph for his cousin. Mick never meant to hurt anyone, and yet trouble had a way of finding him. Famous last words. Last words. And Amy had heard them. He imagined the headline. Epitaph Writer Passes Along Message from the Great Beyond to Catch a Killer.
Right. Because that added credibility to a news story.
“What happened upstairs?” he asked again, jarring Amy and Mrs. Sumner from the conversation he hadn’t been paying attention to.
He recognized the look on Amy’s face. The one he’d seen when she’d come downstairs. Fear? Distrust? 
“I thought someone was in the bedroom with me,” she answered. “I must have imagined it.”
Her eyes burned bright with something else, a heat that went straight to his groin. Kevin looked at the bottle of wine. What harm would there be in one glass?
No.
Amy’s and Mrs. Sumner’s plates were clean, while Kevin hadn’t eaten a bite. How long had he been feeling sorry for himself?
“I think I’ll go turn on the television for a while,” Mrs. Sumner said. “Give you two a chance to talk.”
Amy pushed away from the table. “I should put our clothes in the dryer. The sooner we leave, the better.”
Mrs. Sumner laid a hand on Amy’s arm. “No. You’re fine. Both of you. Stay here tonight, and get a fresh start in the morning. Maybe by then whoever’s looking for you will have given up.”
As if a killer would let them go free. 
While Amy disappeared into the alcove, Kevin opened his computer. Mick’s shooting would be a front page news story, with Kevin in the middle of it, and all he could do was watch from the sidelines. 
“Story to write?” Amy asked, returning to the table.
“Catching up on the news. We need to know how the police are spinning this, since I’m pretty sure it was a cop who shot Mick.” 
Kevin searched for an open Wi-Fi connection. Nothing. He stared down his phone to consider using it as a hot-spot. If he turned off the GPS could the police still track him? 
A new Wi-Fi setting showed on his laptop, unsecured. Kevin connected, then logged into the newspaper. The internal messaging system recognized him while Kevin checked the news desk and found the story. He skimmed down until he found his name.
…The police have issued a Be On The Lookout order for Kevin McCormick, a material witness wanted for questioning in connection with the shooting. 
A message box popped up on his screen from Frank Craig, the city desk reporter. “Where are you?”
Frank was as straight shooting as they came, and yet Kevin wondered if the police were building their case against Kevin. “Depends on who’s asking,” Kevin typed.
“Police want you downtown. Care to give me the exclusive?”
Kevin grimaced, then typed, “The shooter was a cop.”
Frank’s immediate response alarmed Kevin. “I heard a rumor to that effect. You should stay where you are. Do you know the shooter?” 
“No, but he knew me.” Kevin stared at the message box a moment before he asked. “Do you know who he is?”
“There’s speculation. Would you recognize him?”
“Yes.”
Several long seconds passed before Frank’s next message. “I’ll dig up a photo to run with the story tomorrow, something for you to check. Until then, keep your head down.”
A second message box popped up from Kevin’s editor, Tim Wilkes. “You okay?”
“For now.”
“You can trust Frank, but I think you know that. Check in with him when you can. Frank will keep me in the loop. Let me know what we can do to help.”
Kevin typed as quickly as the idea came to him. He might not like being the subject of a hard hitting story, but this might be his chance. His big break. “Publishing my side of the story once I know who I’m dealing with might help.” And get him a real news story.
“As long as it isn’t libelous.”
While Kevin typed his response, the connection dropped. “Crap.”
“What?” Amy asked.
He drew a deep breath. “Looks like we’ll have to stay here tonight after all.” 

Chapter XIV
I Am In My Sleeping
And Don’t Waken Me
Stay?
Amy shot a glance at the dining room, to where the door to the staircase was closed. Was the house haunted? Had she only imagined the feel of Kevin’s lips on her skin? Either way, she was reluctant to spend the night. Something wasn’t right. The Tarot cards, the way Mrs. Sumner seemed to be able to read Amy’s mind, it was enough to give anyone the creeps. 
“You said they’re looking for you,” Amy said to Kevin after he’d relayed the news story. “I can go, right? If I stay with my parents…”
Kevin laced his fingers with hers. “They were looking for you first. Same bad guy.” 
His hand was warm. Amy’s pulse kicked up a notch. This morning Kevin had told her he wanted to ask her out again. A second date. And here they were, in someone else’s house, preparing to stay the night. Nervous laughter bubbled. She must be dreaming. Bad guys chasing her? A reporter pursuing her? 
A reporter whose kiss sent tingles all through her body.
And then she looked at the closed door to the second floor once more. “There’s no chance I’m sleeping in this scary house,” she whispered.
Kevin’s expression heated. He tugged her closer, touched her cheek.
“You’re staying then?” Mrs. Sumner called from the living room.
“And you know she can’t hear what we’re saying,” Amy said, her voice still lowered. “She’s scary, too.”
“So are you,” Kevin said. He leaned in for a kiss. A kiss that took Amy’s breath away. “I have to write my story. Then we can talk about what comes next.”
He eased away and sat behind his computer, clicked a couple of times and started typing.
Amy turned to the sink and washed the dinner dishes. Mrs. Sumner appeared beside her with a drying towel.
“Don’t worry about a thing,” Mrs. Sumner said quietly. “I’m a very sound sleeper.” She took a plate from the drainer and wiped it dry.
Amy nearly dropped the next plate. Kevin was definitely the one she wanted to show her matching undies to, except she didn’t match today. She hadn’t expected to see Kevin today. Or ever again. Amy closed her eyes, picturing him in the shower.
“The one upstairs bedroom is too full of junk,” Mrs. Sumner said while she dried a wine glass. “I suppose we could straighten it up, but the other bedroom should be serviceable. It has twin beds, so you have options.” She raised her eyebrows. 
Amy’s face grew hot. Kevin was tempting, and she so wanted to feel like a normal woman, to be with a man instead of frightening them all away—or having her brothers chase them off.
“I can sleep on the sofa,” Kevin said. He glanced up from his computer. “You can have the bedroom.”
Where ghosts would tease her with invisible touches? “I’m not sleeping up there alone.”
“Then it’s settled,” Mrs. Sumner said. “Share the room. The beds are made. No point in making yourselves uncomfortable.”
In a strange house? With a woman she shared only a passing acquaintance with, a woman who had suggested Amy and Kevin should be lovers? “Nothing’s settled,” Amy said.  
Mrs. Sumner waved a hand in the air. “It’s in the cards, Amy. I only call it like I see it.” She opened a cupboard and stacked the clean plates inside, then hung her towel on the stove handle. “Sleep where you will. I’m only glad to have people in the house again.” She squeezed Amy’s hand before she disappeared down the hallway to her bedroom.
“Twin beds,” Kevin said. “You wouldn’t have to sleep alone, and you can keep your virtue intact.”
Amy closed her eyes, envisioning Kevin under the showerhead once more. She didn’t want to keep her virtue intact, but this didn’t feel like the right time or the right place. And she wasn’t wearing matching underwear. She winced. Did that even matter?
He closed his computer, rose from the table and stood behind Amy. His voice tickled her ear as his hands slid to her hips. Kevin placed a kiss on her neck, the same way he had upstairs, except it hadn’t been him, or so he said.
Would he be gone if she turned around? Amy reached for his hands, and the motion popped two of the buttons of Melinda’s blouse. She checked her bra. It might not be Victoria’s Secret, but it wasn’t worn or tattered. With a deep breath, she faced Kevin. As she expected, his gaze dropped to the view she presented. Amy gathered her courage. “And if I don’t want to keep my virtue intact?” she asked, her heart racing.
He pulled his hands from her hips. Amy took one hand and placed it on her breast. No going back now.
Kevin kissed her, his tongue tangling with hers, stoking the fire inside. “Amy.” His voice was strained.
Amy dropped her gaze to the front of his pants. Judging by the outline she saw, he was as ready as she was. Unsure of what she was supposed to do, she touched him tentatively and he tilted his head, his eyes rolled back. 
Kevin clutched her hand and pulled it away. So he didn’t want her to touch him?
He leaned his forehead to hers, breathing heavily. “I don’t want to hurt you,” he said. “I don’t know what I’m feeling right now, but I’d hate to take advantage of you and discover later I was only reaching out for comfort. I wouldn’t do that to you.”
Comfort. Isn’t that what Amy did for a living? She was in need of comfort, too, something to quiet the fire raging inside her. “I can comfort you,” she said. “If you need someone to hold you while you cry, I can do that. If you need something more…”
“I don’t know what I need.”
Amy tilted her face to his. “I know what I need.”
~ ~ ~
Kevin took Amy’s hand as she led him up the staircase. She shivered as they passed the first bedroom door, then flipped on the light switch in the second bedroom. As Mrs. Sumner had advertised, two twin beds were pushed against opposite walls. 
What had Amy seen in the other bedroom? She’d eyed Kevin like a steak dinner when he’d pulled his bloody shirt off, which had to be the reason he’d imagined standing behind her, kissing her neck, touching her skin, but he hadn’t indulged the fantasy. Instead, he’d gone downstairs for a clean shirt from his duffle. He didn’t want to lead her on.
Or did he? He was standing beside her in a bedroom after she’d implied she wanted to sleep with him.
Since he’d met Amy, he’d been rationalizing away all the reasons he’d chosen to abstain from sex. He thought of Molly Whittaker again, the way she’d sit in class and cry. As a hormonal teenage boy, he would have trusted any form of contraception, until he came face to face with a pregnant peer. When she told him she’d been on the pill and her boyfriend had used a condom, Kevin had made his choice. No accidental pregnancies for him.
And yet he wanted to plunge himself deep inside Amy Benson.
Amy let out a gasp of breath, the same sort of gasp he’d expect when he…
Kevin closed his eyes and turned away. “I’ll take this bed,” he said.
The grunt she made sounded disappointed. Or hurt? They hardly knew each other. Surely she didn’t want him pawing her, taking advantage of the situation. Not to mention he didn’t have any form of contraception at hand. 
She’d given him a free show in the kitchen, but that was due to a borrowed blouse that didn’t fit. 
Wasn’t it? 
Amy clutched the too-small blouse closed. “I’ll turn out the light.”
The darkness heightened his lust. He pictured the way she’d stood in front of him in the kitchen, the blouse gaping, taking his hand to her breast. The taste of her skin…
“Kevin?”
He cleared his throat. “I’m right here.”
And if he didn’t get out of his jeans, he was in danger of cutting off his blood supply. He unzipped and slipped off his pants, then stretched out, an arm across his forehead. 
“Kevin?”
“Still here.” He winced. Temptation had never been so hard to resist. He turned toward her voice. “Why did you walk in on me in the shower?”
“I don’t know.”
He shook his head. Kevin wasn’t going to play games with Amy, of all women. 
“There’s something odd about this house,” she said quietly. “If that was you when you got out of the shower, in the other bedroom, please tell me.”
He exhaled a sigh. “I haven’t been in the other bedroom. What happened?”
“Nothing,” she answered too quickly.
Kevin groaned. Why bring it up if she didn’t want to talk about it? 
She sighed into the darkness. “Someone was standing behind me,” she said.
“How do you know?”
She hesitated. “He kissed my neck,” she finally answered. “Put his hands on my waist.”
“He?”
Her voice was barely a whisper. “The same way you did in the laundry room, when you were hiding from Mrs. Brown, but I must have imagined it.” 
Indulging himself by pressing his hips against her backside and pretending it was to keep them both out of sight, when in reality, he’d needed to feel her curves, her warmth, her pulse. 
“I’m sorry about Mick,” she said. “Is there anything I can do?”
Tears slid across his face, into his ears. Arms circled him, her touch whisper light, comforting. Kevin held her, buried his face in her shoulder and shook with the sobs for his cousin and for his sister.
“Kevin?” her voice came from the other side of the room, not in his ear the way he’d expect. 
Kevin sat up and the shoulder was gone, the arms that had circled him like they’d never been there. He wiped at his face. “Amy, where are you?”
“Right here.”
“Where, exactly?”
The other bed creaked and the sheets swished with her movement. “In the other bed.”
Kevin jumped to his feet and flipped on the light switch. Amy sat up on the other twin bed, divested of the too small blouse. The sheet pooled around her waist.
“What’s wrong?” she asked.
He ground his fists into his eyes against the glare of the light, then looked first at his bed, then at hers. “Did you just give me a hug?”
She wrapped her arms around herself. “You said you’d take that bed,” she said, a hurt look in her eyes. “I figured you were setting boundaries.”
“Did you just give me a hug?” he repeated.
“No.”


Chapter XV
Here lie the remains of 
John Hall, Grocer.
The world is not worth a fig,
I have good raisins for saying so
While Amy watched, Kevin grabbed his jeans from the floor and headed for the door.
“Where are you going?” she asked, looking around the room for shadows.
“I said I’d sleep on the couch, and that suddenly sounds like a really good idea.”
Wasn’t it bad enough he’d turned down free sex? What red-blooded man walked away from free sex? At least that’s what her college roommates had always said. She’d made it pretty clear to Kevin she was interested, but he’d made it equally clear he wasn’t going there. And now he didn’t even want to be in the same room with her. 
Why kiss her if he wasn’t interested in her? Amy glared at him. “Why did you ask me out?”
Kevin stopped in the doorway, head down. 
“I want to know,” she said. I thought you liked me. She refused to say it and show her vulnerability. The only other man she’d come close to considering sex with was Nick Benedetto, and she had teenage hormones to blame for that lapse in judgment.
Kevin glanced around the room anywhere, it seemed, except at her. “I wanted to get to know you better,” he said, his voice thick with emotion.
“Then why are you running from me now?”
His voice grew rough. “I’m not thinking clearly.” He turned to her then, his beautiful green eyes red-rimmed. “In case you haven’t been paying attention, someone killed my cousin today. I’ve just found out my sister’s death wasn’t an accident, and the man most likely responsible for both murders is after us. You and me.” He pointed at himself, then at her, then at himself again to emphasize his point. 
Amy rose from the bed, and crossed the room to hug him. His hands squeezed tight around her as if he thought she might disappear.
Is that what happened? She stepped out of his embrace and stared into his eyes. “Did someone hug you? In the dark?” She shuddered, searching the dark corners once more. 
“I must have imagined it.” Kevin gathered her into his arms. “Amy, I asked you out because I think you are an extraordinary woman. Beautiful.” He held her at arms’ length and smoothed her hair. “I wanted to learn more about you. Spend time with you. Get to know you. I never expected we’d be hiding out from a killer. Spending the night together in…” his eyes scanned the room, “a haunted house?” He swallowed hard and shook his head. “I’m not thinking clearly.”
Amy stepped away. “You’ve already said that.”
“Those cards Mrs. Sumner was playing with.” He shook a finger at Amy. “She’s messing with our minds, Amy.”
“Are you saying you don’t want to be lovers?” she asked, heat rising up her neck.
His eyes shone, but he focused on her face rather than the fact she was dressed only in her bra and panties. She’d certainly noticed his lack of outer clothing. The muscles in his jaw tightened and his Adam’s apple rippled, but he didn’t answer.
“Kevin?”
“There’s something strange going on here.”
She stepped into his personal space. “Answer the question.”
“I don’t do casual sex,” he replied. His eyes dipped momentarily to her bra. “Accidents happen. Lives change. These are extraordinary circumstances. And the best cliché of all, I don’t want you to regret a bad decision in the morning.”
“So you only sleep with women you love?”
The twist of his lips answered the question better than any words. He couldn’t be a virgin. “You haven’t slept with anyone?” she asked.
Again he didn’t answer.
Was he as nervous as she was? “I haven’t either,” she told him. “I mean… you know. I never wanted to.” She took a deep breath and plunged forward. “Until now.”
“Which is why I have to sleep on the couch,” he said.
“Because you don’t want to?”
“Because I do.”
A thrill of adrenalin coursed through her system. He wanted her. 
Kevin took hold of her arms. “Amy, even if we decided to do this, we don’t have any form of contraception.”
Amy rubbed her forehead, caught between his noble intentions and her raging hormones. She had to respect his moral code. One more thing to like about Kevin McCormick, even if his refusal to make love to her made her want to cry.
“Well, I’m not sleeping up here alone,” she told him. “So I guess we’re camping out in the living room together.”
“There’s no sense in both of us being uncomfortable.”
Amy laughed. “A ghost kissed my neck. Another ghost hugged you. Unless you have a better explanation.”
“There’s no such thing as ghosts,” he said. “I blame Mrs. Sumner for turning up our imagination.” 
“Yeah, well I’m not so sure, and I don’t want to find out what the ghost’s next move is.”
He blinked, and she could see his confidence waver. “Tell you what. Let’s push the beds closer together so we can hold hands. That way we can be sure of what’s real and what isn’t, and get some sleep. I have a feeling we’re going to need it.”
~ ~ ~
They left the light on, and flat on his back, Kevin stared at the ceiling. Holding hands proved awkward, but being able to see reassured him he’d know who he was hugging next time, or who might be kissing Amy’s neck.
Kevin didn’t want anyone else kissing Amy’s neck, and he was frustrated that leaving the lights on hadn’t done anything to diminish his desire for her. He’d thought envisioning her in the dark was heady, but seeing her in the bed beside him in her underwear, he wasn’t sure which was worse.
“Are you sleeping?” she whispered.
“No.”
“Do you want to talk?”
Did he? 
“Would it be painful for you to tell me about Mary?” she asked.
Kevin swallowed hard. “Not much to tell.”
“Your family seems close. It must have been hard on you when she died.”
“I was away when it happened.” He should have been there. “Homecoming at U of I. I went with a group of friends. You never think something bad will happen.” After his father left, he figured the danger had passed.
“She would have died, even if you were home,” she said softly.
“Maybe.”
“Your other sister was home, right? And your mom? If they couldn’t stop her, you wouldn’t have been able to, either.”
She was right, but he’d never know for sure. And he’d promised Siobhan he’d take care of them. “Maybe.” And now Mick was dead, too. 
“How did she fall?” Amy asked.
Kevin normally avoided answering any questions about Mary’s death, but the forced intimacy made it easier to talk to Amy. “She was in an abandoned building and fell from a balcony.”
“Sounds like she had a sense of adventure. Kids like to explore,” Amy said.
“She was old enough to know better.” Kevin turned his head to look at Amy. She’d pulled the sheet to her shoulders, but he knew what she was hiding. Laying on her side, she had one hand tucked under her head. She was so pretty, and her voice soothed him. Comforted him. 
“What was she like?” Amy asked.
Kevin smiled. “Always trying to prove herself. She was the youngest, and she refused to be ignored. She was full of fire, fiercely protective and as sweet as they come.” 
Unbidden, he remembered the night his father left. The whoosh of his father’s belt as he tugged it from the loops in his pants and wielded it over his head, weaving his way toward Kevin with blood in his eye. Ye’ll not talk back to me, ye little fecker. I’m the head of this family, and if I think yer sister’s turning into a whore, you’ve no business contradicting me, do ye hear? I’ll be puttin’ an end to this right now.
I’m not a whore, Da. Mary straightened in the corner and called him a drunken fool, which cost her a crashing blow across the face. Fortunately for both of them, Da lost his balance thanks to the amount of drink he’d consumed. 
Kevin had come home from college for the weekend and walked into the middle of one of his father’s delusions. Kevin yanked Da’s belt from his hands. You can’t beat her into submission, any more than the rest of us. Kevin had cracked the belt in the air, threatened his own father, and with good reason. For that, Kevin had received a bloody lip, but the force of the blow to Kevin’s face had felled his staggering father one more time. 
Da fell against a table and cut his own head. In his drunken stupor, he didn’t seem to realize what had happened. You tried to kill me, yer own Da.
Kevin closed his eyes to shut out the memory. As he’d stepped in to protect Mary, Mary had protected him. Thirteen years old and she stood her ground as well as any of the rest of them.
“Fearless,” Kevin whispered. His Da left that night, never to be seen again, leaving his Ma to finish raising the three youngest. Coupled with Siobhan’s directive to look out for his siblings, Kevin took it upon himself to do everything he could to help, and to honor, his mother.
That meant not shaming his mother by making an innocent girl pregnant.
While Kevin stared at Amy, the tightness in his chest coiled tightly. Honoring that resolve had never been so difficult. 
He closed his eyes and rolled his shoulders, letting go of the tension. His torso twitched, on the edge of sleep, and yet he was aware of Amy in the bed next to his. With a greater effort than he’d anticipated, he opened his eyes to see her draw the blankets tighter around her neck, shivering.
“Are you cold?” he asked, his voice rough.
“I can’t stop shaking.”
He lifted his sheet to invite her in. She hesitated, eying him suspiciously. He cocked his head and she threw off her covers and slid in beside him, spooning. Kevin pulled the blanket across her and wrapped her in his arms. She wriggled against him. Torture. He was going to embarrass himself if she kept that up.
“Amy,” he warned.
“Sorry,” she said, although he heard a smile in her voice and a distinct lack of regret. 
Damn. Poor judgment on his part, but her shivering subsided. His hand rested on her shoulder, inches from where he wanted it to rest, but he was close enough to sleep to ignore the urge, while comforted by the feel of her against him. 
“What if the killer finds us?” she asked. “We could die tomorrow.”
“That’s true every day,” he mumbled.
“Kevin?”
He made a questioning sound, the best he could do without opening his eyes again, without rousing himself and rolling her beneath him in the narrow bed.
When she sighed, he hoped it was because she understood he was past the point of carrying on a coherent conversation. “Good night,” she said quietly.
~ ~ ~
Hot breath on the back of her neck woke Amy. A moment of disorientation almost knocked her out of the bed, but a strong hand held her in place—a hand kneading her breast as hips bucked rhythmically against her backside.
Had Kevin changed his mind? The memory of her encounter in the other bedroom prompted Amy to roll over, to look into Kevin’s face. He rolled onto his back, but his hips continued to undulate.
His eyes were closed, his mouth open as his breathing grew more ragged. Was he asleep? He’d said he didn’t want sex, but that didn’t mean she couldn’t touch him, did it? He was most definitely touching her. Fair was fair, after all.
Amy balanced on the edge of the twin bed and placed his hand back on her breast, inside her bra. Reflexively, he massaged while he flicked a thumb over her nipple. 
“Amy,” he whispered.
Oh, she liked his dream. Enough to make it real? 
And then he bent forward, slid her breast from the cup and took it in his mouth, his tongue taking over where his thumb left off. One of his hands trailed down her belly, inside her underpants. She bent one leg, fighting to maintain her balance on the edge of the bed. His fingers dipped inside, then out, then in circles at her core. 
Kevin discovered nerves she didn’t know she had, everyone one of them begging for his touch. Amy was afraid to breathe for fear he’d stop.
“Amy,” he whispered again. “Oh, God, Amy.” He rolled her beneath him, braced over her, his hips still moving, the hardest part of him trapped inside his shorts.
Was he awake? Amy looked into his face. His eyes were closed. Did she dare make his dream reality? 
Yes. She didn’t want to die a virgin, and she’d already decided she wanted to lose herself to Kevin before the trouble had started. She reached for the waistband of his shorts and popped out an impressive erection. He bucked against her, stopped by a thin layer of fabric. Her panties. Amy wriggled out of her panties and as if he had a homing device, the next movement of Kevin’s hips drove him deep inside her. 
Amy gasped, eyes open wide with the speed of his assault, the force of his invasion. He was inside her. Kevin hesitated only a moment with a groan. His hand worked her breast as his hips resumed the attack. Pressure-induced friction built between them and Amy closed her eyes, his groans adding to the thrills coursing through her. He cried out as his hips slowed, each thrust more of a shudder.
Amy’s heart pounded. Kevin rolled to his side, moving her in tandem until he slipped out of her and his breathing returned to normal.
The even cadence of a man sound asleep. 
Nearly falling out of bed, Amy rose to her feet and gazed down at Kevin. That was nice. So why did she feel like she’d missed something? 
A trickle eased down her thigh and panic took over. Yes, she’d had sex ed in school. Yes, she’d seen “those” movies, but until right now, she didn’t really understand the mechanics. 
What was she supposed to do? Would he be angry with her for taking advantage of him if she woke him? Would he even realize what had happened? 
How did someone sleep through something like that?
Amy retrieved her panties from the floor and stepped into them. While she sat on her bed, she adjusted her bra, watching the gentle rise and fall of Kevin’s chest.  
Mrs. Sumner had predicted this. “It’s in the cards. That means it’s meant to be.”
A new fear took over with the seepage in her panties. What if she was pregnant? 
Touch him, a voice in her head urged. Sit on it, take it inside you, and then when he opens his eyes, he’ll remember.
Kevin had clearly said he didn’t want to take advantage of her. He told her he didn’t want to risk an unplanned pregnancy. Noble intentions, even if his body seemed to have other plans. Amy had taken advantage of him. She’d been the one to remove the final barrier. 
Sit on him, the voice urged her again.
No. He’d told her he didn’t want to. If he’d slept through that, she wasn’t going to be the one to tell him what had happened. And if he wasn’t asleep… would he want to do it again?
Had the ghost, or whatever was going on in this strange house, possessed Kevin? Taken control of his body while he slept?
A laugh echoed in the hallway, sending Amy under the covers of her twin bed. 

Chapter XVI
You are old and young, see here I lie
As you are now so once was I
Kevin woke with a start and sat straight up in bed. The table lamp was still on, dimmed by sun shining through the bedroom window. 
His privates were itchy and when he scratched, he was crusty, residue from… a wet dream? He hadn’t had one of those since puberty. And then he checked the other bed. A shock of dark hair was visible from under the covers. Good thing Amy had crawled back into her bed if he was going to revisit his hormonal teen years. He grabbed his jeans and shirt and tiptoed down the hallway to the bathroom.
He had to stay focused. Frank had said a photo of the policeman would be published with the story of Mick’s murder this morning. 
Kevin washed quickly and crept down the stairs as quietly as he could.
Mrs. Sumner was in the kitchen, pulling a pan of muffins, blueberry by the way they smelled, from the oven.
“Kevin. How did you sleep?” she asked.
Aside from the hugging ghost and the wet dream… “Better than I thought I would,” he replied.
“I’m so glad. Is Amy still asleep?”
Kevin looked over his shoulder. “I think so. She was pretty well buried under the covers, so I can’t be sure.” And he’d run before he had to look her in the eye. That dream had been pretty intense, real enough to make him come. 
“Coffee?” Mrs. Sumner held out a cup for him.
“Thank you.” He sat at the small table and opened his laptop. “How long have you lived here?” he asked while it booted up.
“Thirty-seven years.”
“Long time.” He sipped his coffee and logged into his computer. “Amy seems to think your house is haunted.” 
“Depends on your definition of haunted. Ghosts aren’t always malevolent, you know,” she replied.
Kevin glanced at her over the top of his screen. Was she joking? “Considering all we’ve been through, you might not want to frighten her with any more stories.”
“I didn’t tell her any ghost stories,” Mrs. Sumner said. “But you know as well as I do she’s sensitive to that sort of thing.”
Maybe. Her epitaph for Mick was dead-on, but that didn’t prove anything. So what was Kevin’s excuse for imagining a ghostly encounter? He’d sworn someone hugged him, too. Amy’s story must have made him suggestible.
Kevin focused on the computer screen and navigated to the newspaper’s website. Frank’s story, that there had been a shooting at the train station, was on the landing page, along with a picture. The policeman wore his dress blues, but Kevin recognized him as the man in the hoodie, and now he had a name. Detective Jake Baldwin.
A rush of water through the plumbing followed by the creak of footsteps on the staircase told him Amy was awake. Kevin schooled his expression, fighting the remnants of the erotic dream that stuck with him. He switched screens to finish writing his version of Mick’s murder, trying to maintain his newspaperman objectivity—as if he could be objective.
“Good morning,” Mrs. Sumner said, eyes sparkling as she rubbed her hands together. 
Something was definitely off with that woman.
“Good morning,” Amy replied, her voice like a warm caress. She passed through the kitchen in her jeans and bra to the laundry room.
And this was why he’d run from the bedroom. He couldn’t get the feel of her out of his mind, the taste of her kiss, the soft skin. He didn’t trust himself alone with her. 
Kevin read through his copy one more time. Frank could excerpt the article if he wanted and attribute the quotes to Kevin. Assuming any of the story found its way into print, Baldwin would have to be more careful in his pursuit of Kevin and Amy. Kevin snorted a laugh. Careful. Like shooting Mick in the parking lot had been careful.
With a few keystrokes, Kevin copied what he’d written and sent it to Frank Craig. Let him decide what was inflammatory and libelous.
Amy reappeared, pulling her shirt over her head, and stopped beside the table. She looked over Kevin’s left shoulder. “Oh, I’m sorry. I didn’t know…” Her cheeks flushed. 
“Would you like a cup of coffee?” Mrs. Sumner asked her.
“Yes, thanks.” She took the cup Mrs. Sumner handed her and looked over Kevin’s shoulder again. “What about you?” 
Kevin turned. “I have some.”
“I made muffins, too,” Mrs. Sumner continued. She handed Amy a plate, and Amy passed it forward.
“No thanks,” Kevin said.
Amy gave him an impatient frown. “I wasn’t talking to you.”
“Why aren’t you talking to me?”
Amy motioned with her eyes, looking past him. “You don’t have to be rude.”
Mrs. Sumner exchanged glances with Kevin. What was he missing? He pivoted in his chair to look behind him. “What are you talking about?” he asked.
“Who do you see?” Mrs. Sumner asked.
Amy’s eyes widened, and her mouth opened momentarily. She pressed her lips together as the color drained from her face and she sat at the table. “No one,” she whispered.
Had Baldwin tracked them down already? Kevin rose to his feet, checked the room, and then took a step into the dining room. “Did you see someone?” he asked. 
“Must have been my imagination,” she said, not meeting Kevin’s eye.
“The guy who’s after us is a cop,” he told her. “If you think you saw something…”
“No man. No gun,” she said firmly. She lifted her cup of coffee. “Thank you for the muffin, Mrs. Sumner.”
Mrs. Sumner laid a finger to her chin as if contemplating something. She pulled out her chair and turned to Kevin. “Do you have a picture of your sister?” she asked. “Of Mary?”
With his nerves on edge, Kevin returned to his seat, pulling his wallet from his pocket. He retrieved the family picture, the last one where they were all together, from the folds and held it out for Mrs. Sumner.
“Amy, you should see the picture,” Mrs. Sumner said. “Such a lovely family, don’t you think?”
Amy held out a trembling hand, took the picture and stared at it.
“She’s the one on the end,” Kevin told her. 
“Kathleen,” Amy whispered, pointing to one of his other sisters.
“Yes,” he told her. “And my brother, Liam, and my older sister, Siobhan.”
 “Always one oddball in the crowd, isn’t there?” Mrs. Sumner said. “All of you have the red hair except your brother. Have you ever heard tales of the selkies?”
Kevin took the photo and tucked it back into his wallet. “I don’t think we need any more fairy tales.”
“Kevin said you thought the house might be haunted,” Mrs. Sumner said to Amy.
Amy took a deep breath and looked right at Mrs. Sumner. “It is.”
~ ~ ~
Mrs. Sumner cackled. “I suppose you could be right about that.”
Amy swallowed hard. The apparition standing beside Kevin had disappeared, but there was no question it had been Mary. And Mrs. Sumner knew.
“We should think about someplace out of town,” Kevin said. “I have friends in Madison. The farther we can get from this wacko, the better our chances of surviving.”
“What are you suggesting?” Amy said. “We go on the lam? What is this? Some sick television show? How about we tell the police what we know? Get the bad guy off the streets where he can’t hurt anyone else.”
“Cops stick together,” Kevin said. “They’ll close ranks. This morning’s article says he’s looking for me as a person of interest. He wants to pin Mick’s death on me, and if the brotherhood decides to protect him, I’m looking at a murder charge.”
“I’m not.”
Kevin shook his head. “If he sees you on the street, you’re likely his next target.”
“Then you should stay here,” Mrs. Sumner said. “No one will think to look for you. It’s your safest bet.”
Amy shuddered. As much as she liked Mrs. Sumner, she wasn’t keen on ghosts who kissed and hugged—and made love to her—not to mention Kevin’s sister hovering nearby. And the next time Kevin made love to her, she wanted to know he was awake and in full control of his actions, not dreaming or possessed. “There has to be somewhere else,” she said to Kevin.
Kevin’s laptop pinged. He stared at the screen a minute and then started typing.
Mrs. Sumner rose from the table. “I don’t know why you both don’t stay with me. I’d love the company.”
The loneliness in Mrs. Sumner’s voice was palpable. 
“The sooner we can go, the safer it will be for you,” Kevin told her. “Your neighbor already knows there’s someone here with you. All it takes is one person innocently passing along information.” He glanced over his computer. “Based on my 911 call telling them it was a policeman who shot my cousin, they’ve assigned a security detail to watch over my family. The paper wants to run my side of the story tomorrow, but my editor wants me to talk to Frank Craig first.”
“When?” Amy asked.
“Now.”
Her heart tripped. “You’re going out there?”
Kevin reached for her hands. “I’ll be back.”
“Last time you left, you almost died.” He’d comforted her last night, wrapped her in his arms. She wanted to talk about the rest of what happened. Had he really been asleep?
Mrs. Sumner winked at her, too much of a coincidence for Amy to think she didn’t know what Amy was thinking. “People don’t sleep through something like that, do they?” she asked Mrs. Sumner.
“Like what?” Kevin asked.
“They do if their conscience doesn’t agree with their desires.” Mrs. Sumner raised her gaze toward the ceiling. “Or when other forces are at work that want to help things along.”
Amy shrunk back. “That is not funny.”
Kevin watched the exchange, his eyes narrowed. “What am I missing?”
Mrs. Sumner rested a hand on Amy’s shoulder. “It’s what you wanted.”
Tears spilled from Amy’s eyes. She glanced at Kevin, worried she’d taken advantage when he didn’t know what he was doing. Yes, she’d wanted to make love to Kevin—wanted to again. But not if he didn’t. 
Kevin leaned toward her. “What are you two talking about?”
She couldn’t tell him, even as the overflow of their activities last night continued to ooze out of her. 
She had to tell him. What if she was pregnant?
Kevin turned to Mrs. Sumner. “What nonsense are you putting in her head now? Don’t we have enough to worry about?”
Amy rose from her seat. “It isn’t her fault. None of what’s happened.” Her voice caught. She was responsible for last night. Kevin had been asleep. Or possessed.
The laptop dinged again. Kevin glanced between Amy and Mrs. Sumner and returned to his computer. He typed a response, then closed his laptop.
“Wait for me here,” he said to Amy. “I won’t be long.” 
Amy put her hands over her eyes. She wiped her face and stared at him. “I’m going, too.”
“I need to know you’re safe.”
The sentiment was sweet, but it wasn’t working. “I can’t sit here waiting for that guy to kill you, too,” she told him.
Kevin pushed away from the table. She stood in front of him and he wrapped her in a hug. “I’ll be back.” He pointed to a clock on the kitchen wall. “Two hours, tops.” He pulled away and walked out the back door.
“She was here, wasn’t she?” Mrs. Sumner said.
Amy nodded. No need to ask who she meant. “You didn’t see her?”
“No, but I felt the change in the air. She’s trying so hard to communicate. We need to do a séance.”
“No. My grandfather used to say acknowledging what we don’t know is like inviting the devil to the dinner table.” Amy faced Mrs. Sumner. “Kevin doesn’t remember what happened last night, does he?”
Mrs. Sumner closed her eyes and tilted her face to the ceiling. A moment later, she looked at Amy once more. “It was a dream.”
Amy laughed, a hysterical bubble that escaped. “I can guarantee you it was no dream.” Just her luck to have a boyfriend who didn’t remember being intimate with her. “I’m sorry, Mrs. Sumner, but I have to go, too.”
Mrs. Sumner took her hand. “You can’t. Please. The danger is close.” She dropped into the kitchen chair. “Please. I’m not asking you because I’m a lonely old woman. The danger is real.”
Amy nodded. She believed in Mrs. Sumner’s ability to see things. “That may be, but I can’t sit here and wait. I need to see my family, to know they’re okay. If nothing else, I need a change of clothes.”
Mrs. Sumner reached for an old rotary phone hanging on the wall. “Here. You can call them.”
“I have to go. I need to see them.”
Mrs. Sumner nodded. “I’ll drive you, then. Your policeman won’t be looking for a little old lady.” 

Chapter XVII
God bless ye hands that lay’d this stone
And curs’d be that hands that moves her bones
Kevin tugged the baseball cap onto his head, conscious of his red hair, and tucked his hands into the pocket of his jacket. He had time before his meeting with Frank, and the drug store on the corner of State Street and Main was the only place in town other than the mall that had a pay phone. From there, he could safely call home. Head down, he trudged toward the store.
He slowed his steps and considered going back. Something about Mrs. Sumner wasn’t quite right. And then there was Amy. The more time he spent with her, the more time he wanted to spend with her. She was smart, and sexy and so different from any woman he’d known. He couldn’t let anything happen to her. She was in this mess because of him. He was determined to get her out of it.
As soon as he talked to Frank.
Kevin yanked open the door and went straight for the old-fashioned phone booth.
Kathleen answered on the second ring. “Kevin, you’re all right! We’ve been beside ourselves with worry.” Her voice broke. “Mick?”
Kevin swallowed down the lump in his throat. “He pushed me out of the way. I’m the one they wanted.”
Ma took the phone. “Kevin? Are you safe, then?”
“He’s dead.” Tears streamed down Kevin’s cheeks. “Mick.”
“The police told us as much. They’re parked outside keeping watch. Is it wise for you to be calling?”
“I’m at a pay phone.” He looked around the drug store in search of anyone who seemed out of place—aside from himself. “I’m not sure when I can check in.”
“Do you know who’s done this?”
“Yes.”
“Then I don’t need to say anymore. We’re fine here. You take care of yourself.”
“You be careful, too. And Kathleen. And Liam.”
“Of course, love.” 
Kevin leaned on the phone when he hung up. Were the police stationed outside Ma’s house watching for him? Or protecting them from Baldwin? He didn’t dare go back until Jake Baldwin was off the street. 
Today was Friday. He was going to miss the family dinner. He wouldn’t hear Kathleen laugh, or see Liam scowl about his classes, Ma’s patient smile and fading brogue. Those things would still be there when this was over. Mick wouldn’t be.
Kevin hit the phone with his palm, angry at his cousin for bringing this pall over the family. With a deep breath, he checked his watch. He had to get to his meeting with Frank. 
He checked to see if the pharmacist had noticed him. Nope. He was busy counting pills. Kevin’s gaze dropped to the display on the raised wall that shielded the pharmacist. Condoms. KY Jelly. Pregnancy tests. 
The best way to avoid pregnancy was to abstain, but Amy got to him in ways no other woman had. 
The dream had been so real.
People had sex every day. His friends bragged about their conquests, and none of them had fathered any children unintentionally. Was he being overcautious? His desire for Amy was a physical ache. 
Kevin’s Boy Scout training kicked in. He grabbed a box of condoms from the display, kept his head down while he bought them, and tucked them into his pocket. He didn’t have to use them, but it was better to be prepared.
He walked the three blocks to the diner where he had agreed to meet Frank and headed straight for the men’s room. With his hands on the sink, he stared at his reflection in the mirror. “This sucks.” He hated being separated from his family, hated not being able to walk down the street without looking over his shoulder. Hated that he’d put Amy in danger. 
Kevin shifted his attention to the door when Frank stuck his head in. “Mac.” He cocked his head for Kevin to follow.
“We can use the break room,” Frank said when Kevin joined him in the corridor.
“Break room?”
“I worked here back in the day. Still friends with the manager. We can talk more freely in the back, away from prying eyes, so I asked if we could borrow it for a few minutes.” 
Frank knocked on a door labeled “employees only” between the two bathrooms. A man opened a small window to identify who was knocking, and opened the door. 
“Thanks,” Frank said, slapping the guy on the shoulder. He led Kevin through the kitchen area, past an office and stopped at a room halfway down a hallway that ended in a dry storage room.
No bigger than an office at the newspaper, the break room had a microwave, a small refrigerator and a banquet table with chairs. 
“So tell me what happened,” Frank said, taking a seat.
“He killed my sister, too.”
Frank raised his eyebrows. “So you’re saying this guy has it out for the McCormick family? A vendetta? What’d you do?”
Kevin checked the passage on either side of the room, then walked in and sat down. “I was meeting my cousin Mick to find out what happened the night my sister died. What really happened, not the sanitized version. The shot was meant for me, but my cousin pushed me out of the way.”
“Baldwin shot him?” 
Kevin grimaced. “I didn’t see him shoot. There was another guy at the train station, actually two people—a man and a woman—but Baldwin popped up holding a smoking gun.”
“And you’re sure it’s Baldwin?” Frank asked.
“He was wearing jeans and a hoodie, but yeah. Same guy in the photo you ran with the story.”
Frank wiped his face with his hand. “I talked to a guy in Internal Affairs. There are other complaints against Baldwin, but nothing concrete so far. The inspector wants to talk to you. They have your 911 call, and I told them you identified Baldwin from the photo in the paper. Baldwin has been suspended pending the results of the investigation.” 
“Suspended? That means he’s still on the street. How do we put him away?” Kevin asked. 
Frank leaned back. “They need evidence. Or testimony.”
Kevin sighed. “I didn’t see him shoot.”
Frank frowned. “Welp, we could try power of the press. Make Baldwin show his hand. Of course, we’d have to be careful not to say anything that might be considered damaging in the event we were wrong.” He picked at his fingernails. “Your sister, the one who died last year? She’s the reason he went after you and your cousin?”
Kevin nodded.
“Why now? Why wait a year?”
“No one questioned how she died before now.”
Frank nodded. “Interesting. And why is someone questioning it now?”
Kevin wasn’t going to involve Amy any more than he had to. “Someone made a random comment, which apparently spooked him.”
“What was the comment?”
“Someone suggested my sister wanted justice.”
Frank stared at him for several minutes, digesting the information. “The article you wrote, your side of the story, they’re running it through legal to make sure we don’t say the wrong thing. Sounds like front page news. Lots of corruption stories out there, but we don’t see it so much in our little burg. Might even make the AP feed.”
Kevin nodded. 
“In the meantime, are you safe? Until something can be done?”
“Today? Probably. I’ll feel safer once they lock Baldwin up.”
“Until they have evidence, the chief is only willing to suspend him.” Frank rocked his head side to side. “If you put Baldwin on the front page, I can guarantee you he isn’t going to sit quietly by and wait for the axe to fall. My guess is he’ll step up his quest to find you, and when he does, he’ll make a mistake.”
“I’m the bait.”
Frank raised his eyebrows again. “Can you handle it?”
If he wanted to be an investigative reporter, he didn’t have a choice. “Yeah. As long as they don’t decide to arrest me instead of him.”
Frank smiled. “The inspector at IA I talked to told me they’ve been trying to get the goods on Baldwin for a long time. They know who the bad guy is. I’ll set up a meeting for you.”
Kevin nodded again. “I’m not using my cell phone since I don’t know if Baldwin might be tracking me that way. The internet connection where I’m staying doesn’t appear to be reliable, but I’ll try to check for messages as often as I can.”
“Not likely he can track your cell phone, but doesn’t hurt to keep yourself safe. No telling what kind of connections he has.” Frank rose from his chair. “I’ll be in touch.” He shook Kevin’s hand and headed to the dining room. 
Kevin went the other direction, through the dry storage area, and slipped out the back door. A squad car, lights strobing, passed the alley and screeched to a halt in front of the diner.
 

Chapter XVIII
Unfortunate from his cradle to his grave
Kevin crossed the alley behind the diner and opened the rear door to a gift shop that faced the next block. The two people in the store, the proprietor behind the counter and a customer, watched out the front window as a second squad car zoomed past.
“What do you suppose all the commotion is about?” the customer asked.
“Heard something about a fugitive,” the proprietor responded. 
Kevin cleared his throat, while he pretended to admire a display of necklaces. “Fugitive?” he asked, hoping they hadn’t noticed he came in through the rear entrance.
“Yeah, had a cop stop in earlier, a detective, saying they had a tip the reporter who went missing from the shooting yesterday might show up in town today.”
A tip? Frank wouldn’t set him up. That must be why they’d met in the break room. Were the police following Frank?
Kevin fingered the necklaces, shaped into letters, names. Kevin picked one off the display. Amy. Would she like it? Even if she didn’t, buying the necklace gave him an excuse to be in the shop. He carried it to the proprietor. “I think I’d rather miss the excitement. My girlfriend will be mad if I show up for our anniversary dinner without a present.”
“I hear that,” the customer said with a laugh.
The proprietor produced a gift box for the necklace and rang up the sale. Kevin gave him cash and walked out the front door, head down as he walked the opposite direction from the diner. 
“Hey!” someone called after him on the street.
Kevin didn’t acknowledge the shout. Instead, he turned the corner and ducked between buildings until he came out on Grant Street. Last time he’d been on this street was with Amy when they’d been running from the cemetery. If he found the path, he could hide in the mausoleum until the police lost track of him. As much as he’d dreaded being inside the vault, it might be his safest bet until the streets cleared.
A hand landed on his shoulder. “You deaf or something?”
Kevin turned and looked up into the face of Thad Benson. “Sorry, I didn’t realize you were talking to me.”
“Is that why you tried to lose me?” 
Kevin checked the street. No police. He wasn’t sure if Amy’s brother was a better choice. “I wasn’t trying to lose you.” Truth. He was trying to avoid the police.
“Where’s my sister? My mother said she was with you.”
Oh boy. 
Thad stepped into Kevin’s personal space. “Something you want to tell me?”
Kevin scowled. “I’m trying to keep her safe.” Kevin returned Thad’s glare. 
“And how are you keeping my sister safe? If you laid a hand on her…”
“Back off,” Kevin said, leaning toward Thad. “I have sisters of my own. I hope someone would do the same for them in a similar situation.”
“Where is she?” Thad’s hands were closed into fists at his sides. 
“I left her with Mrs. Sumner, and if you care about your sister’s safety, you won’t share that information, especially not with the police.”
“Mrs. Sumner? The lady from the flower shop?” Thad asked, his brow knit in confusion.
“So I understand. She’s a little off center, if you know what I mean, but she seems to care about Amy.”
Thad backed off. “Everyone cares about Amy, which is why you are dead meat if you so much as…”
Kevin held up his hands. “Can we take this somewhere less public? Isn’t there a path to the cemetery around here someplace? I’m trying to expose a killer cop, but I won’t be able to if he finds me first.”
Thad hesitated a moment, then nodded at mossy flagstones a couple of paces ahead and to the right.
Kevin ducked under the branches and came out the other side, inside the cemetery. He brushed at his clothes in case any bugs had dropped onto him and scanned the landscape. The only living person aside from him and Thad was a woman planting a flower in front of a headstone.
Thad grabbed a fistful of Kevin’s sweatshirt. “I expect you to return my sister in the same condition you found her.”
“Hey,” Kevin said shoving Thad’s shoulders. Thad had six inches on him and probably fifty pounds, but Kevin wasn’t the type to back down. “Amy’s a grown woman, perfectly capable of making her own decisions, but as I mentioned earlier, I have sisters, too. I hear what you’re saying, and I promise you I won’t do anything to Amy she isn’t one hundred percent on board with. You hear me?”
Thad released Kevin’s sweatshirt with a thrust. “I hear you, but I’m not sure I trust you.”
“Then trust her.”
Thad’s mouth quivered, his eyes crinkling at the corners. He was trying not to smile. “My mom says Amy likes you.”
“I like her, too, but right now, my first priority is to keep a killer away from her.”
“What can I do?” Thad asked.
“Take care of the rest of your family. Amy’s worried about all of you, more than she’s worried about her own safety.”
“Yeah, that sounds like my sis. You say it’s a cop?”
Kevin nodded.
Thad huffed. He focused over Kevin’s shoulder as if he was tracking someone. Kevin turned to look and saw another of Amy’s brothers, and he was carrying a trash bag. 
Kevin prepared for another confrontation, along with the possibility the two of them still might decide to beat him to a pulp. Because he’d kissed Amy? Kevin closed his eyes, fighting back the vision of the blouse with the popped buttons, the way she’d placed his hands on her breasts, the way he’d taken advantage of the opportunity. Okay, maybe he did deserve to be beaten to a pulp, but later. After Amy was safe.
“Hey,” the other brother said. Brian? He wasn’t the same one who had flirted with Sandra. That was Garth. What do you know? Kevin remembered their names after all.
“What’s in the bag?” Thad asked.
“Clothes.” Brian took in Kevin’s appearance. “Mrs. Sumner said you went out to meet someone. You here to pick Amy up?”
Kevin surveyed the cemetery once more. No new faces, and the woman planting flowers was packing her car as if to leave, but the police might still appear any second and swarm the place. And then Brian’s words hit him. “Pick her up?”
Brian nodded toward a mausoleum, the same one Amy had pulled him into yesterday.
Kevin groaned. “She was supposed to wait for me where she was safe.”
Her brothers trudged across the graves and Thad threw the iron door open.
~ ~ ~
Amy gasped. “Holy hell! You might give a girl a little warning before you scare her half to death.” 
Kevin rushed past her brothers. “What the hell are you doing here? Do you realize that psychopath is out there looking for us?”
To her amazement, Thad and Brian backed off. They exchanged amused glances. They thought this was funny?
“I wanted to see my family, let them know I was all right,” she said through clenched teeth, “but someone was parked on the street with binoculars aimed at the front door.” She snatched at the garbage bag Brian carried and peeked inside. Clothes, as she expected. “Did you pack my cell phone charger?” Amy held out her hand for her keys, and Brian reached into his pocket and handed them over.
“They’re watching the shop?” Kevin asked. 
“Apparently,” she replied.
He took hold of Amy’s shoulders. “My cousin is dead. I do not want the same thing to happen to you.” Kevin’s voice cracked and trailed off as he tightened his jaw.
Amy reached for his arm and he pulled away. “I couldn’t do nothing. And you had a duffle bag with fresh clothes. I only had Melinda’s…” she glanced at her brothers, not brave enough to mention the too-small blouse. What would they do if they knew what happened last night? For that matter, what would Kevin do if she told him? Her heart skipped a beat and her womb lurched. 
He didn’t remember. He’d been asleep. Or possessed. But she hadn’t been.
“The police showed up at the diner where I met Frank,” Kevin told her. “They’re probably not far behind. We need to get to safety.”
Thad nudged Brian and they stepped outside the mausoleum. Thad closed the iron door and turned his back. “Wait until the sun goes down,” he said quietly. “Easier to move under cover of darkness.”
Amy’s jaw dropped. Her brothers were leaving her alone with a man? “Where are you going?” 
Thad glanced at her over his shoulder. “I could beat the hell out of him for you, but it seems like he’s trying to help.”
“What did you do with my brother?” she asked. She turned to Kevin and shoved his shoulder for good measure. If her brothers weren’t going to do it, she would. “I hate this.”
A box dropped out of his coat pocket, and Kevin bent quickly to retrieve it.
Thad turned and grabbed hold of the iron bars of the door. He bowed his head, closed his eyes and drew a deep breath. “Tell me that isn’t what I think it is,” he said to Kevin.
Kevin’s face reddened. 
“What is it?” she asked.
Thad and Kevin locked gazes in a silent standoff.
“What is it?” Amy asked again.
“You like this guy, Ame?” Thad asked.
Where did that question come from, with the world falling apart around her? “What?”
“Answer the question.” Thad’s voice grew rough, threatening.
“Yeah, but this isn’t really the time…”
“You feel safe with him? Yes or no.”
“Yes. Why are you asking me?”
Thad shook a finger at Kevin. “If you hurt her…”
“Not going to happen,” Kevin told him.
Thad shook his head and turned away again. “Just say the word, Ame, and I’ll whisk you off somewhere else. Find you a safe place to hide. You don’t have to stay with him.”
Kevin wouldn’t meet her gaze. 
“He knows how to get us out of this mess,” she told Thad. “I’ll stay with him until everything gets straightened out.”
Thad nodded. “I will not hesitate to pound you into the ground,” he told Kevin quietly, then he shoved Brian to start walking. 
“What just happened?” she asked.
“Please don’t ask me,” Kevin said.
“Oh, no. You can’t expect me to ignore that.” She made a grab for his pocket but Kevin took hold of her hand. The look in his eyes was heated, enough to back her off.
His voice was strained. “Looking into the face of death has an odd way of changing the rules.” 
Hadn’t she thought the same thing last night? “Yes, I know.”
Kevin shot a glance at her retreating brothers’ backs. “Your brother might have to beat me into a pulp. I’m not sure I can trust myself with you.”
Amy wanted to laugh. And she wanted to cry. “You don’t remember anything about last night, do you?”
“I already told you, I don’t want to do anything to hurt you.” His expression changed momentarily, as if he did remember, and then he narrowed his eyes at her. “Or am I misunderstanding?”
“Do you remember holding me? Falling asleep together?”
He nodded slowly.
“Do you remember when I went back to my bed?”
He shook his head.
“And in between?”
“I had a dream. Did I…” he drew a breath and let it out slowly. “I guess this is where I embarrass myself. I hope I didn’t do anything inappropriate. Sometimes guys… it wasn’t intentional… did I get some on you?”
“On me?” Oh. He thought he’d gone off organically, like a prepubescent boy. She closed her eyes and took a step back. “In me,” she said quietly.
His eyes grew wide with a look of panic. “In you?” 
Amy nodded and Kevin wiped his face with his hand. He gazed at the stone wall, his eyes moving as if he watched a scene playing out in front of him, like he was searching for a moment that might prove what she knew to be true had been more than a dream.
“No,” he said. “You said yourself you imagined someone in the other bedroom. That damn house is haunted. I’d remember…” He closed his eyes and drew a sharp intake of air the way he had when he’d entered her last night. 
Amy watched the emotions playing across his face.
“Amy, I’ve never…” He swallowed hard. 
“Neither have I. Until last night.” 
He reached into his pocket, and threw the box against the wall of the crypt. “Damn it all to hell. I should have let your brother pound me into the ground.”
“Would that make you feel better? Because I’d rather believe last night was a good thing, and not something to be punished for.” She picked up the box. Condoms. The shock must have shown on her face.
“No one has ever affected me the way you do. I can’t trust myself, and clearly, with good reason.” He winced, then looked at her with a pained expression. “In you?” he asked again.
She nodded.
“Damn it all to hell,” he said more quietly. “I knew it couldn’t have been a dream, but you were in the other bed when I woke up, and honestly…” he shook his head. “That’s not who I am. And I definitely would have stopped before…”
Amy wrapped her arms around herself. 
Kevin laughed. “And I slept through the whole damn thing.” He took hold of Amy’s shoulders. “That can’t happen again. Not while we’re in this mess. And not in Mrs. Sumner’s house. There’s something really wrong there.”
“Where else can we go?”
Kevin slid down the wall and sat on the stone floor, his hands covering his face.
Amy touched his shoulder and he flinched. So now she was repulsive. Was what Mrs. Sumner told her true? He’d made love to her because Amy wanted it to happen? Kevin had turned her down when he was awake. He’d made his feelings clear, but she’d taken advantage of the situation, and now she had to accept the consequences.
“Mrs. Sumner might be right,” she said, her throat thick with emotion. “I didn’t believe in ghosts either, but after I saw Mary watching over you in her kitchen this morning…”
Kevin’s eyes fixed on her. “You saw Mary?”
Amy nodded. “I don’t know what good it will do, but Mrs. Sumner seemed to think a séance would allow Mary to speak to us. To me. Clearly, she has something to say.”

Chapter XIX
The sweet remembrance of the just
Shall flourish when they sleep in Dust
Nothing made sense. Kevin couldn’t believe he’d missed one of the most important moments of his life. No way he’d slept through having sex. No way. 
Amy had said she thought someone kissed her neck in Mrs. Sumner’s other bedroom. She could have imagined this, too. 
And now she was talking about a séance? 
No. That was one step too far. He didn’t believe in that shit, and he was not about to let Amy and Mrs. Sumner capitalize on his grief and pretend they could communicate with Mary. That was crazy talk.
“No,” he said.
“You have a better idea?” Amy asked.
“Frank Craig is arranging a meeting with Internal Affairs.” 
“Well I, for one, am sick of one-sided messages from the dead. I want to know what Mary has to say, and if Mrs. Sumner thinks she can open a line of communication, I think we should try.”
Kevin took Amy by the shoulders. “Mary is dead.” His throat clogged, and he swallowed down the lump, bringing tears to his eyes. “I don’t know how you came by your information, but I’m done talking about ghosts and haunted houses and séances.”
Amy brushed his hands off and took a step back. “And now I’m Crazy Amy again, except you were there. I wasn’t the one who hugged you in the dark last night.”
“I think I’d remember making love to you.” How could he have missed it? Part of him wanted to take her here, now, to prove it wasn’t an experience he’d forget. He had the damn condoms after all.
Her voice was controlled. “Forget it. You don’t have to play watchdog for me anymore. I’m perfectly capable of taking care of myself.” She cocked a head toward the iron bars of the door. “And I have backup in case I can’t.”
A threat. “Now you’re going to send your brothers after me?”
She shook her head. “No. I’m going to let you walk away. Get your story, and if it makes you feel better, I’ll keep a low profile until you and your police friends catch the bad guy.”
“Get my story?”
“Isn’t that what reporters do?”
“Yeah, but it isn’t my beat.” And he wasn’t sure he wanted it to be. He liked writing feature stories. They were safer.
“Whatever.”
This was why he didn’t do relationships. He sucked at it. But this was one relationship he wanted, even if Amy believed in ghosts, believed she heard the voices of dead people. Everyone had their quirks, and hers seemed harmless, for the most part. Kevin studied her hurt expression, the way she tried to pretend she didn’t care what he thought. 
He cared more than she gave him credit for. Deep down, he knew it had been more than a dream, but Amy wasn’t backing him into a corner and threatening him with impending fatherhood. She was threatening to walk away from him. He couldn’t let that happen. Even though he hardly knew Amy Benson, he was pretty sure she was the woman he wanted to marry. 
The realization sent him back a step. 
He braced himself before he spoke again. “Maybe if you explain to me what happens at a séance.”
She shrugged. “I don’t know. I’ve never been to one.”
“What do you expect to happen?”
She stared at him a long moment and then sighed. “Surely you have some idea.”
“Humor me. I’m a journalist. Spell it out for me.”
Amy crossed her arms. “It would seem to be a ritual where we try to communicate with the other side. With the dead. Mrs. Sumner thinks she’s a medium. The only thing I know about séances is from television or movies I’ve seen, but a medium acts as a conduit. She has a spirit guide who passes messages.” She threw her hands down and huffed. “I don’t know. It sounds ridiculous, but what choice do we have?” She gave him a guarded look. “I don’t know how to communicate with ghosts, but they sure know how to communicate with me.” Tears welled in her eyes. 
Kevin wiped away one tear as it snaked down her cheek. “Who calls you Crazy Amy?”
She shook her head. “Forget it.”
“If it’s one of your brothers, he’s going to be missing teeth next time I see him.”
She managed a smile. “Not my brothers.”
Kevin took hold of her shoulders. “And not me.”
She rolled her eyes. “Right.”
“Hey.” He made sure she met his gaze. “Not me.” They were in this together. 
“Okay,” he said.
“Okay, what?”
“I’ll do the séance, but if we don’t get any information we can use, we forget about Mrs. Sumner and pursue more earthly responses to the threat.”
She put her hands on her hips and narrowed her eyes. “I’m not asking your permission. Whether you go with me or not, I want to know the truth. If Mrs. Sumner can help me find it, I’m willing to give her a chance.” 
Kevin took a deep breath. Whether he believed Amy or not, she believed it. Somehow she knew Mary’s death wasn’t an accident, and after his encounter in the dark last night, he couldn’t completely discount Amy’s ghost theory. “I’m going with you.”
~ ~ ~
Amy sat on the cold stone floor of the mausoleum. 
The rustle of leaves through the trees provided a soundtrack to the otherwise quiet cemetery. The whispers that normally spoke to her were silent, as if the dead were watching and waiting, possessing secret knowledge they didn’t want to impart.
Amy was experiencing the cemetery the way normal people did. Had she lost her gift to hear the voices of the dead? 
She glanced at Kevin. He had to think she was a nutcase, especially after she told him what he’d done last night. In those minutes, she’d felt strong. Powerful. Kevin had wanted her, had lost control over everything but that want, and she’d reveled in it. Reveled in the feel of his body, the strength of his need, but it hadn’t been a conscious act on his part. 
It’s what you wanted, Mrs. Sumner had told her. But not like this. Not without the emotional connection. The intent. Amy remembered her brother’s comment that she’d looked at Kevin like a bar of chocolate. She’d taken her bite, but she hadn’t been allowed to savor it.
Kevin’s eyes darted around the small cell. Like her, he had his arms folded tight, and then she remembered the first time she pulled him into the mausoleum, that same panic in his eyes.
“Are you claustrophobic?” she asked him.
He didn’t answer at first. She wasn’t going to kiss him this time, wasn’t going to impose herself on him, even if it made things less awkward between them or distracted him from his fears.
“When I was little, my dad used to lock me in the closet for punishment, so yeah. Maybe a little.”
“That sucks. At least he didn’t beat you,” she said.
He nodded. “He did. Once we got older.” 
Amy’s anger melted off. She couldn’t imagine her father intentionally hurting her. She’d been spanked, been told to go to her room, but never locked in a closet… or beaten. Kevin had been through enough in the past few days without making him relive childhood horrors, but he seemed to want to tell her.
“He was mean when he was drunk,” Kevin said. “Mostly, he took it out on my ma, until we got older. Then we were all fair game. He’d invent a transgression, then try to beat it out of us.”
Amy crouched beside him and wrapped a hand around his folded arms, but he shook his head. 
“I don’t ever want to be like that,” he said, his voice low.
“You wouldn’t be,” she told him.
He gave her a wary glance. “Amy, I don’t feel like I’m in control of what’s going on, and I don’t know who is. That scares me.”
She nodded. “We’ll get through this.” She rose and looked through the bars. “The sun’s setting. It’s probably safe to leave now.” She glanced at Kevin. “You don’t have to go back with me. To Mrs. Sumner’s.”
“Yes, I do.” 
“You’re just afraid to be alone in a crypt,” she teased.
“Damn straight.” Kevin smiled.

Chapter XX
Who departed this life in a sudden
& Awful manner & we trust enterd
a Better
Kevin followed Amy through the cemetery, toward the overgrown path to Grant Street. When he brushed his clothes off again, she laughed. 
“Didn’t you say you were a Boy Scout?” she asked. “You must have gone camping or on hikes in worse conditions than this.” 
He’d been a scout for less than a year. “I didn’t say I liked it.” 
Amy laughed again, and some of Kevin’s tension slipped away. Hand in hand, they darted past the street lights powering up as the twilight sky grew dark.
The closer they got to Mrs. Sumner’s house, the more he second-guessed their plan. She couldn’t really talk to dead people, could she? “What if Mrs. Sumner isn’t home?” he asked. 
“One problem at a time.” She turned up the walk and let herself into the screened-in porch. As Amy raised a hand to knock, the door opened.
Mrs. Sumner straightened her housecoat. Her hair frizzed around her head, the braids undone. Kevin shuddered. If ever he’d envisioned a witch, she certainly fit the description. 
“I heard you coming,” she said simply.
Amy turned and waved him in. “C’mon.” 
Inside, he paused. A card table with a cloth thrown over it, a candle lit in the center, positioned in the middle of the room. The scent of sandalwood hung heavy in the air. They were expected.
“Everything’s ready,” Mrs. Sumner said in a shaky voice. 
Kevin held up a hand. “Before we do anything, I want to know what to expect.”
Mrs. Sumner cleared her throat. “Normally I would arrange for four people beside myself, but I didn’t know you were coming until a couple of minutes ago. I suppose it’s better if we keep this amongst ourselves. The danger is close.”
Not what he wanted to hear.
“We haven’t brought it to you, have we?” Amy asked. 
Kevin rounded his shoulders against the strangeness of the whole situation. This was a mistake. It had to be, but his mind refused to cooperate. Images of Mick’s surprised eyes while he lay dying clouded his reason. Kevin licked his lips. 
A drink might not be so bad right now.
Mrs. Sumner shook a finger at him and, as if she’d read his thoughts, she said, “Don’t fall into that trap. You’re a smart man. Don’t make the same mistakes your father did.”
His heart hammered. Right back in the Twilight Zone.
“Sit, sit.” Mrs. Sumner swept a hand across the table.
He shook his head. “Wait. What’s going to happen?”
“We sit at the table and hold hands. I will summon my spirit guide and, if all goes well, Mary will speak through me to tell us what we need to know.”
Amy was pale. Kevin’s better judgment argued that this was detrimental to her, feeding her delusions—except he didn’t believe they were delusions. Did that make him crazy, too? “Are you okay?” he asked Amy.
Amy nodded, but there was an odd, vacant look in her eyes.
“Is she here?” Mrs. Sumner asked.
Amy nodded again.
“Is who here?” Kevin asked, glancing around the empty room. 
“Hold hands,” Mrs. Sumner said, ignoring his question. She laid her arms on the table with her palms open.
“Wait.” Kevin marched to the kitchen and retrieved his laptop. If they were going to put on a show, he wanted to record it.
“What are you doing?” Amy asked while he set up his computer on an end table. 
“Webcam,” he said. “If we’re going full-on ghost hunter, my computer might capture an image. At least I can record what’s said.” He took a shaky breath. “If Mary talks to me…”
Amy laid a hand on his arm. “Are you sure you want to do this? You don’t have to.”
He hesitated. Stared at Amy. At her pale face and glittering eyes. At the trembling hand that tried to comfort him. “I believe you,” he whispered. “We’re in this together.” He checked the camera angle on the display and started recording. “Let’s go.”
Kevin and Amy sat on either side of Mrs. Sumner and they all held hands. He glanced around the room, flickering candlelight casting ominous shadows. Mrs. Sumner closed her eyes and took several deep breaths. She hummed an ominous monotone that made Kevin want to laugh, whether from fear or from the theatrics of it, he wasn’t sure. He cast a glance over his shoulder at the blinking red light on his computer.
Mrs. Sumner chanted in a strong voice. “Though your lips are sealed in death, we give you voice tonight. What would you say to us?” 
Amy’s eyes were wide, frightened. Her head nodded in time with each open-mouthed breath she took, like an asthmatic struggling for air. He couldn’t go on with this game. Kevin started to pull his hands away, but both women tightened their grip. Amy’s eyes trained on him.
“No, Kevin.” Amy’s voice was strangled.
Where was the spirit guide Mrs. Sumner had mentioned? If the dead wanted to speak, couldn’t they pop up and have their say rather than go through this bizarre ritual? An electric current buzzed through the air. Like a child, he thought if he closed his eyes… his father would go away. 
Where had that come from?
Amy’s voice was clearer now, except it wasn’t Amy’s. “There are others,” Mary’s voice said.
Kevin squeezed his eyes closed, trying to hold back the tears. 
“Who else?” Mrs. Sumner asked. “Who else is with us tonight?”
“Not here.” It had to be a cruel trick that made Amy sound so much like Mary. Or it was what he wanted to hear. “I wasn’t the only one,” she said.
Kevin opened his eyes to make sure Mary wasn’t sitting across the table from him. Amy stared at him, her wide eyes muddy green, not sparkling amber.
“Are you Mary McCormick?” Mrs. Sumner asked.
“He stole my innocence!” the voice coming from Amy said loudly. “Kevin, he has my Claddagh!”
Kevin was mesmerized by the odd combination of Amy’s staring eyes and the sound of his sister’s angry voice. 
Mrs. Sumner maintained her course. “Are you the woman crying for justice?” 
“Justice,” Mary’s voice shouted, and then lowered to a whisper. “Raped. Robbed. Killed.” Sobs echoed in the room, but they didn’t come from Amy.
“Did Jacob Baldwin murder you?” Mrs. Sumner’s voice remained strong and steady.
Amy’s face hadn’t moved and her skin was as gray as the headstones in the cemetery. “Something’s not right,” Kevin said.
“He has my Claddagh,” Mary’s voice repeated, and then it trailed off. “Souvenirs.”
“Amy?” Kevin’s fingers were numb from the lack of circulation, and Amy’s hand wasn’t any warmer. “Amy, are you all right?”
Mary’s voice came from Amy again. “They don’t want me to speak.”
A chill curled Kevin’s spine. Unnerved, he tried to pull his hand back but Amy’s hand tightened. “Find the Claddagh and you will have the proof.” Amy’s eyes rolled back and her breath came in short raspy bursts. “Kathleen. Knows.”
“Mary,” Kevin sobbed.
“There are others,” Mary’s voice repeated.
“What will be, will be.” A second, androgynous voice came from Mrs. Sumner. 
Then Mick’s voice floated in the air. “I meant no harm.”
Goosebumps prickled Kevin’s arms. He was done. He’d had enough of the parlor games. When this was over he was definitely going to find himself that bottle of scotch.
“What will be, will be,” Mary’s voice repeated. “None will hold you back.”
“I’m sorry,” Kevin said, his voice hoarse.
“Stupid man. I waited for you to go so you couldn’t stop me.”
A tear ran down his cheek. Kevin started to speak but had to gulp down the emotion first. “Where is the Claddagh?”
Amy’s eyes changed, shadows of green sparkling behind the brown irises. “Souvenirs. He took my Claddagh! Wendy’s charm bracelet, Cindy’s angel pendant…”
Amy’s face blurred behind shadows passing in front of her, and Kevin worried the ghosts, if that’s what they were, might try to carry her away. “Where are they? The souvenirs?” he asked.
“No more,” the androgynous voice emanating from Mrs. Sumner shouted.
Whispers traveled through the room, “What will be, will be.”
Amy’s mouth moved, but no sound came out.
The air was still, yet he heard the whirl of a vortex swirling overhead. He pictured great white birds circling the room, but nothing was there. A candle tipped and Kevin reached to right it, breaking the connection.
Amy’s head rolled forward onto her chest and Mrs. Sumner’s eyes closed while she took a deep breath.
It was over. 
The red light on the laptop continued to blink. 
Kevin cradled his head in his hands to compose himself. He went to his computer to turn the webcam off, his hands trembling so much he could hardly control the cursor.
Amy rose to her feet, her eyes darting around the room. She backed up until she was pressed against the wall.
“Amy?” He took a step toward her and she held up her hands to defend herself. 
Kevin wrapped his arms around her. She stiffened against him, then dropped her hands, and tentatively touched his sides, his back, before she nestled her face against his shoulder. Amy’s shivers gradually reduced to occasional shudders.
Kevin held her at arm’s length and smoothed back her hair. “Are you okay?” 
“Was it Mary?” she whispered.
He nodded and pulled her tight again, needing the comfort as much as she seemed to. Could the ghosts carry her off?
Amy’s eyes darted around the room. “Did you get it? The recording?”
“Yes.”
Raped. Robbed. 
Kevin doubled over and dropped to one knee. His stomach roiled. Their precious Mary abused? And what did Kathleen have to do with all of this?
Mrs. Sumner rose and placed an arm across Amy’s shoulders. Was she holding Amy back?
In the corner of his bleary vision, a vapor hovered between him and Amy, a vapor that looked a lot like Mary. 
“You have to talk to Kathleen,” Mrs. Sumner said quietly.
Kevin pushed angrily to his feet. “Who are you? What kind of women would prey on a man’s grief this way?”
“You know the truth,” Mrs. Sumner replied with a calming tone. “She has a fiery spirit that won’t be ignored. I’ve rarely seen such determination to reach across from the other side.”
“Are you calling my sister a demon?”
Mrs. Sumner shook her head and straightened her housecoat once more. “I see a young girl traumatized by the horror she experienced, trying to protect her family.”
~ ~ ~
Voices thundered inside Amy’s head, much louder than they did at the cemetery. Invisible people surrounded her, reaching for her. She’d felt safe in Kevin’s arms, until he’d dropped to the floor.
“What happened?” she asked Mrs. Sumner. 
“Many voices came through,” she whispered.
A chill raced down Amy’s spine and she questioned if she’d made the right decision in going ahead with the séance.
“You said Kathleen would know what happened to Mary. The other person who knew the truth about my sister took a bullet for me. That means Kathleen is in danger, too” Kevin looked up, his pale green eyes filled with unshed tears. 
“They might not know about Kathleen,” Amy said. She gasped at the sudden reappearance of Mary’s apparition. Imagining dead people who shared their last thoughts with you was one thing. Seeing a ghost was something else entirely. She squeezed her eyes closed, willing this new facet to her gift to go away. 
“What’s wrong?” Kevin asked.
Mrs. Sumner laid a hand on Kevin’s shoulder. “Mary’s with you. Am I right, Amy?”
Kevin’s gaze darted around the room. “Amy?” 
“Yes,” Amy said. She reluctantly met the ghost’s otherworldly stare. “She’s standing beside you.”
Mary continued her silent vigil, never looking away from Amy.
“Mary?” Kevin whispered. 
The ghost’s concentration remained fixed on Amy.
“What do you want from me?” Amy asked.
Like someone being transported in an old Star Trek episode, the specter dissipated into a thousand tiny particles and vanished.
“She’s gone,” Mrs. Sumner told Kevin.
Kevin faced Mrs. Sumner, fists clenched at his side. “How do you know? Didn’t you say Amy was the only one who could see her?” 
“And that’s the truth. But I can sense a spirit’s presence. Mary’s is very strong.”
He turned to Amy. “Is she gone?”
Amy nodded. 
Kevin grabbed handfuls of his hair and closed his eyes. “I have to get out of this house.” He stormed out to the back porch and grabbed hold of the railing.
A trail of mist wrapped itself around him. He bowed his head while his shoulders rose and fell with heart wrenching sobs. Was it fog? Or had Mary followed him? 
“She’s trying to comfort him,” Mrs. Sumner whispered.
Amy turned angrily to Mrs. Sumner. “You must be able to see her. How else could you know when she disappeared?”
“You know how you walk into the cemetery and you hear the voices, like thoughts inside your head? That’s how it is with me, except I don’t hear them, I feel them. Like a displacement of the air. A breath on the back of your neck. A vapor that you walk through, but there’s an intelligence about it. It’s like walking in the fog and not being able to see the person beside you while still knowing they’re there.” Mrs. Sumner took Amy’s hand and in that uncanny way she had of knowing Amy’s thoughts, she said, “Mary knows you can hear her. Knows you can see her. I don’t understand the plane that separates the dead from the living, but there do seem boundaries. Otherwise I don’t suppose they’d be truly dead, now would they?”
The words brought another chill to Amy’s spine. “Maybe I don’t hear voices. Maybe it was all my imagination because you know what? They’re not there anymore. Maybe I’m finally normal and now you tell me she needs to be heard?” She shook her arms straight at her sides. “I can’t hear them anymore.”
Mrs. Sumner nodded to the back porch. “Go to him.”
Amy shook her head. “He doesn’t want me.”
Mrs. Sumner’s eyes sparkled. “Oh, but he does. That’s beside the point. He needs you right now.”
Kevin walked back into the kitchen. Freckles stood out against pale cheeks stained with tears. 
“What happened?” Amy asked.
“Well isn’t it obvious?” Mrs. Sumner said. “She’s whispered in his ear.”

Chapter XXI
What did the Little hasty sojourner
find so forbidding & disgustful in
our upper World to occasion its
precipitant exit
Kevin needed help, and fast. Lack of objectivity was not acceptable. He was a reporter, dammit!
Everything he thought he knew, all his beliefs, had been challenged. How long had he been the man of the family, protecting his mother, his sisters? Certainly he had shouldered the responsibility before his da had left. He’d definitely shouldered it after Siobhan left. 
What drove his father to take his first drink? 
Kevin struggled to find enough saliva to swallow.
Mary’s death had been hard to deal with when he’d believed it was an accident. Murdered, she’d said. Robbed. Raped. Kevin shuddered. If it was true, he’d failed in his duty to protect his sister in the worst way. Now she was haunting him, and no wonder.
He had to make it up to her.
Maybe a drink would help.
A sigh floated in the room around them.
Amy grabbed hold of Mrs. Sumner’s hands. “It isn’t right. People do not reach out from the grave.”
Mrs. Sumner patted Amy’s hands. “Sometimes the spirit lingers. You know that.”
“No.” Amy shook her head. 
Mrs. Sumner turned Amy’s face to look at her. “You saw the girl. The Irish are stubborn. She’ll have her say.”
“Kevin.” The house seemed to whisper his name. Mrs. Sumner and Kevin looked at each other, then around the room. 
“The recording,” Amy told him. “She’s pointing to your computer.”
“Who…” Kevin shuddered. He didn’t want to know, but he did want to see what his computer had captured. 
~ ~ ~
Amy looked over Kevin’s shoulder at the séance recording. It didn’t seem real, more like a scary movie he watched over and over, complete with the dark scenes that made it near impossible to see. 
Mrs. Sumner’s shoulders stooped and she hung her head. She didn’t seem interested in the recording. 
“Are you okay?” Amy asked.
Mrs. Sumner mustered a smile and waved a hand in the air. “A bit of tea and I’ll be good as new.”
Kevin hunched over the computer, tapping keys, starting and stopping the video stream. The way he dissected every frame made it impossible to watch. Amy held her head, dizzy from the effort. 
“We could all do with some tea. I’ll heat the water.” Amy walked into the kitchen and lit the burner under the teakettle. 
Mrs. Sumner was dying, and judging by her appearance, Amy worried that the séance made her condition worse. 
“We are all visitors here,” Mrs. Sumner said quietly, taking a seat at the kitchen table. “Eventually, we have to go home.” 
“Aren’t you afraid?” Amy asked.
“Heavens no! I’m anxious to see my Charlie again.”
“What about the spirits who spoke to us tonight? They didn’t seem at peace. Aren’t you afraid you won’t move on?” 
“Some have unfinished business. I don’t have anything to come back for. I’m going to. Toward, if you will.” She leaned forward. “Does that make sense?”
Amy nodded.
The kettle whistled and Amy turned off the heat. She filled the three cups she’d set on the kitchen table and added teabags. 
Mrs. Sumner sighed. “I’m bone weary, child. Tired.” She picked up her cup with long slender fingers and dunked the teabag several times before she laid it on the saucer.
“So many voices,” Amy whispered. She cast a glance overhead in case a remaining cloud floated near the ceiling. Her gaze went to Kevin, in the living room, where he stared at the computer. Mary hovered behind him. “Why can I see Mary but I can’t see the others?”
“I suppose it’s because you’re the one person who can help her. You’ve gotten Kevin to understand her death wasn’t an accident. Until she finds her justice, she will stand guard over her brother and hope you can continue to hear what she needs to say.”
“But why here? Why now?”
“My guess is it’s the two of us together. With our combined energy, her spirit can manifest itself.”
Amy sat beside Mrs. Sumner. “When you were younger, this sort of thing was a trick, wasn’t it? When you were with the carnival?”
“For the most part.”
“And the séance? You didn’t really think it would work, did you?”
Mrs. Sumner stared into her tea, blowing across the top. “I’d hoped it would.” She raised her eyes. “Fortune telling isn’t all tricks. While it’s true with most people you can guess what they want to hear, some people, like you, I can see clear through.”
Amy shivered again. She had no doubt Mrs. Sumner could read her mind. 
“I’ll be honest with you,” Mrs. Sumner said. “I was hoping once we opened the portal between the living and the dead for Mary, Charlie might hold a hand out for me. Your gift is strong, Amy.” A tear slid down the woman’s papery cheek. “After all these years, I was looking for a little reassurance.” She managed a smile. “In the cemetery. Does he speak to you? Charlie?”
Amy put a hand over Mrs. Sumner’s. “No. I often sit on his bench, and all I’ve ever experienced is peace.”
Kevin pressed his hands against the doorframe between the two rooms. The wood creaked beneath the pressure.
“Tea?” Amy pulled the bag from the remaining cup.
He stared at Mrs. Sumner. His Adam’s apple bobbed a couple of times before he spoke. “I can’t come up with a way you could have faked all this. And yet I have a hard time believing.” He looked away and ran a hand through his hair. “Believing I’ve recorded the voices of dead people.”
“I didn’t hear anything when I was watching you play it back,” Amy said.
“There was white noise, like rushing wind, or birds, or angels, or spirits or whatever they are. When I slowed the recording down, the rushing sound was more like voices whispering. Talking over one another,” Kevin told her. “I’m going to need help separating them. I have a college buddy who works at a recording studio. He’ll have more sophisticated equipment.”
Amy placed a hand to her chest to slow her racing heart. “You mean go out there again?” 
He nodded. “I checked my mail while I had my computer on. Frank Craig arranged my meeting with Internal Affairs. I’m going to try to upload what I have to my Cloud storage, but with the spotty internet, I can drop off my flash drive while I’m out to make sure Dexter gets a copy.”
“Didn’t the police show up the last time you met Frank? Do you trust him?”
Kevin nodded again. “If he wanted to turn me in, he could have done that at the diner. He’s been my mentor at the paper. In his email, he said the police threatened him with obstruction of justice and harboring a fugitive. He said he reminded them I wasn’t a fugitive and referred them to the attorney on staff at the newspaper.” 
Amy shook her head. “No. It isn’t safe.”
“Frank says they need me to corroborate the evidence against Baldwin.”
“It’s already after ten. It’s too late to go out tonight,” Mrs. Sumner said. “You’ll have to stay here.”
Amy glanced at the ceiling, and then at Mrs. Sumner. “And the ghosts? Are they responsible for what happened upstairs?”
“No, dear,” Mrs. Sumner answered.
“Who, then?”
“The two of you, of course.”
“No,” Amy said, shaking her head. She glanced at Kevin. “Kevin was downstairs the first time. When you lent me the blouse.”
“In body, but not in spirit.”
Amy shook her head. “No. He is a living breathing man. He cannot be in two places at the same time.”
“He wasn’t there, was he?” Mrs. Sumner asked. She turned her gaze on Kevin. “But you thought about her, didn’t you? The same way Amy thought about comforting you when you went to bed.” She looked at Amy. “But you never left your bed, did you, Amy? Not when the lights were out.”
Embarrassment flushed Amy’s cheeks. “How can you know all that?”
“The bond between the two of you is stronger than you know. I can see it as clearly as Gypsy Bella must have seen the one between me and Charlie.”
Kevin’s face burned red, the muscles in his jaw pulsing. 
Mrs. Sumner laughed. “No one, living or dead, can make you do something you didn’t want to do.” She shot another glance at Kevin to emphasize her point.
Kevin shook his head. “And what is it you think we did? Maybe you drugged us at dinner.”
“Kevin!” Amy scolded. 
Mrs. Sumner gave another cackle that raised gooseflesh on Amy’s arms. “I have nothing to do with what happened between you and Amy. You can fight it if you want, but she is the one who is meant for you.”
“Don’t you think that’s up to us to decide?” Kevin’s voice increased in intensity. “Maybe you’re a hypnotist and this is all an illusion. That might explain how I managed to sleep through what supposedly happened.”
“Oh, it happened.” Amy rose to her feet, hands on her hips.
The silence in the room was deafening. Her throat constricted while she fought back tears.
“It’s this house,” Kevin said, his voice strained. “I can’t stay another night in this house.”
Mrs. Sumner spoke quietly. “That isn’t going to stop your wanting her.” 
“Kevin.” The voice, whispered softly, floated everywhere and nowhere.
In the dimly lit room, a cartoon thought-balloon formed over Kevin’s head like a cloud. Inside the balloon, a ring formed into two hands with a crowned heart between them—a Claddagh.
“I can’t deal with any more of this tonight.” Kevin pushed past the women and out the back door.

Chapter XXII
Reader pass on and ne’er waste your time,
On bad biography and bitter rhyme
For what I am this cumb’rous clay insures,
And what I was, is no affair of yours
Amy pushed away from the table. “Kevin.” 
Mrs. Sumner laid a hand on Amy’s arm. “He’ll be back.”
Amy shook her head. She couldn’t blame Kevin for storming out. She wanted to leave, too, but whether she wanted to believe it or not, Mrs. Sumner had a way of knowing things. “Will he be safe?”
Mrs. Sumner squeezed her hand. “Yes.”
“How can you be sure?”
“Love is eternal, Amy. As much as it frightens him, he can’t deny the way he feels.”
Amy pulled her hand away. Whatever she felt for Kevin—and she still wasn’t sure what it was—there were other things to be dealt with. “Love? This isn’t about him and me. This is about his sister.”
“Mary brought you together, but it’s love that binds your hearts.”
Amy rubbed her chest to ease the ache. Was it love? Men didn’t love her, other than her father and her brothers. She was Crazy Amy. 
Mrs. Sumner chuckled and cupped Amy’s face. “He feels it as strongly as you do. There is no trick in that.”
“Maybe he’s right. Maybe you did hypnotize us. Why can’t I remember what happened during the séance?”
“It’s like going to sleep,” Mrs. Sumner answered. “And while you’re not using your brain, or your voice, the spirits take advantage of the opportunity.”
“But I wasn’t asleep.”
Mrs. Sumner nodded. “No, but you gave them a channel to express themselves. It might be more accurate to say you went into a state of suspended animation. While they’re in control,” she shrugged, “you’re not there. You offered the spirits your body as a vessel.” 
Her body. Bile rose in Amy’s throat. “Is that what happened last night? A spirit wanted to use my body, or Kevin’s body?” 
Mrs. Sumner met her gaze. “It’s what you wanted. And in truth, so did he.”
“I’m starting to think of you in a different light, Mrs. Sumner. And I have to admit I don’t care for it.”
“Pffft.” Mrs. Sumner waved at the air. “You needn’t fuss so. Love is a beautiful thing. Nothing to be ashamed of or regret.” She leaned forward. “You should be prepared for tonight. Kevin will be back. And when he returns, I doubt anything will keep the two of you apart. He won’t be sleeping this time.”
Heat flooded Amy’s cheeks. 
“Child, I know you’re frightened. You have every reason to be. Kevin’s frightened, too, even more so because he hasn’t come across anyone quite like you before. Most people want normal relationships. The thing about you and me, Amy, is that we are extraordinary. As bothersome as that seems when you feel all alone in a world of normal people, you’ll find your gift makes you special. Desired. And Amy, while Kevin may not understand what he feels for you, there isn’t anything he can do to prevent it. Stop thinking of yourself as Crazy Amy, dear.” Mrs. Sumner rose from her chair. “Whether you catch Detective Baldwin or he catches you, you are still entitled to whatever happiness you can find. Now if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to bed.”
~ ~ ~
Kevin ducked into the shadows beside the bungalow and thrust his hands into his pockets. He’d failed to keep Mary safe in the worst possible way. If he bought into this whole séance thing, his sister had not only been murdered, she’d been raped. What would Siobhan have to say about that?
Siobhan. 
He’d missed Friday dinner at Ma’s. He didn’t dare turn on his cell phone to call Siobhan, the first Friday night he’d missed calling her since she’d moved away more than ten years ago. He’d been the only one to reach out to her after she’d left, the only tie she’d kept with the family. How long would she carry a grudge? 
After what Kevin learned tonight, she had every right to ostracize him as well. He’d failed to keep their baby sister safe, and now Mick.
If that wasn’t bad enough, he’d failed to keep Amy safe—from him. He tried to convince himself what happened between them was only a dream, but deep down, he knew the truth. 
Even outside the house, fire raced through Kevin’s blood. Hadn’t he been lusting after Amy since he’d met her? It was a losing battle and he knew it. That’s why he’d bought the condoms when he stopped at the drug store.
In a short period of time, Kevin had grown more comfortable with Amy than anyone he’d ever known. She knew more about him—about his family—than most anyone. She’d seen his bedroom at Ma’s house, something no other girlfriend could claim.
Kevin glanced at the windows over his shoulder where a light went on. Would Amy be waiting for him? 
He squeezed his eyes shut and bent at the waist, fighting the sense of helplessness, the sense he was responsible. Baldwin was on the streets, actively searching them out. If he and Amy found his sister’s Claddagh ring, they could prove Baldwin’s complicity in Mary’s death. The ring was evidence, and Amy was the one with the answers. He needed Amy.
He needed Amy. 
With a growl, he gave up the fight.
He marched through the back door, into the dark house. He locked the door, kicked off his shoes and tiptoed into the empty living room, lit only by the moon coming through the windows. Amy and Mrs. Sumner must have gone to bed. With one sidelong glance down the hallway toward Mrs. Sumner’s closed bedroom door, he started up the staircase to the converted attic.
The stairs creaked beneath his weight in spite of his attempt at stealth mode. What if Amy was asleep? What if she didn’t want him? Kevin paused at the top of the stairs. The inky darkness of the hallway yawned before him like a black hole, but a streak of light shone under the closed bedroom door at the end of the hall.
Hesitantly, he put one foot in front of the other and crept like an intruder. He paused at the door and closed his eyes. Last chance to back down, and yet the coconutty scent of her drew him. She was there.
“Kevin?” She sounded frightened.
“Yes.” One hand on the doorknob, he asked, “Do you want me to go?”
Amy opened the door, backlit by the lamp on the nightstand, wearing only her bra and panties. She reached for his hand and drew him into the room. She leaned up to kiss him and wrapped her arms around him.
He groaned in her mouth, lost to the desire. He checked his pocket to confirm he was prepared tonight. Kevin reached behind Amy’s back and unclasped her bra. She straightened her arms at her sides and it dropped to the floor.
Kevin stepped back to admire her. So beautiful. He cupped her breasts, staring at the gift she offered. Amy’s hands dropped to his waist, unbuckling his belt, tugging on his zipper. 
He didn’t care if the house was responsible for his reaction to Amy. He needed her. And tonight, he was going to have her.
“I need to know you want this as much as I do,” she whispered.
Kevin cocked an eyebrow. She’d divested him of his pants, certainly she could see how much he wanted her, but if what she’d told him was true and he’d slept through the first time, he’d make sure she knew he was actively participating this time. “I want you,” he said. He closed his eyes and shook his head. Smooth. No more words. He cupped the back of her head and kissed her, caressing her breasts.
“We’re going to do this the right way,” he said. Kevin fumbled in his coat pocket for the box of condoms, set them on the nightstand, and then tugged his shirt over his head. He pulled Amy against him once more—she felt so good, so warm, so soft. His erection twitched against her. He ached to be inside her, to explore her body.
He slid a hand inside her panties, cupped her bottom and pressed her hips to his, indulging himself a moment longer. He eased her panties down, then ventured a finger between her legs. She was so wet. While he fumbled to discover the feel of her, she gasped and rocked against his fingers. Her face, flushed with passion, remained focused on his while her breath turned to panting. She closed her eyes and her head rocked back as the panting became moans. Kevin silenced her with a kiss, or was he silencing himself? He seemed to be moaning as well.
Spasms rocked Amy’s body as she took hold of his hand, pressing him against her core and the delicious slickness, and then she giggled. “You didn’t do that last time.”
“I didn’t know what I was doing last time.” No more than he knew what he was doing now, although he was learning fast, based on her response. Kevin reached for the condoms. 
She pulled him onto the narrow bed. “Make love to me, Kevin. Eyes open this time.”
Her hand wrapped around his hardness and his breath caught. Her mouth closed over his, her kiss frantic. “Inside me,” she whispered. “I need you inside me. Now.”
He opened a condom and set it on his tip, then fumbled a moment while he tried to figure out which way to unroll it. 
“Do we need that?” Amy asked impatiently. “Can’t you pull out or something? That works, doesn’t it?”
If only. “Amy, I swore I’d never get a woman pregnant accidentally.”
“And if it’s already too late?” she asked.
Yes, he wanted Amy to be the mother of his children, but not yet. “We’ll cross that bridge when we come to it. Are you worried?”
“About a child?” She smiled. “Yes, it would complicate my life, and no, I wouldn’t invite an unwanted pregnancy, but who could be unhappy about a child? A miracle to nurture and love?”
If Kevin had questioned his feelings for her before, he knew for certain now. “Until we can sort everything out, until we’re safe…”
She nodded.
The condom slid over his length and he positioned himself over her. “Are you sure about this?” he asked.
In response, she grabbed his hips and slid him home. Sensations quivered through his body. 
No way he could have slept through something like this. And yet, as he began moving inside her, he remembered. The feel of her. The smell of her. The way she wrapped around him. Like his dream. Yes, he’d done this before. With Amy. He was home. 
“Open your eyes,” she said breathlessly. “See me.”
He did. And what he saw drove him deeper. She gasped with each stroke, her hands holding tight to his buttocks, pulling him inside while she arched her back once more and cried out with another release. She carried him over the edge, and he winced as his body tightened, exploded. He pressed into her as he groaned, not wanting to stop, every thrust creating spasms of pleasure even as he spent himself.
And then he collapsed on top of her.
Kevin turned to his back, one arm over his forehead. He glanced down at the used condom and his heart sank. This was the reason he’d abstained.
The condom was torn.
He sat up and peeled the condom off. “We can’t catch a break.”
“What do you mean?”
He showed it to her. “It tore.”
Amy laughed. 
“Amy, this is serious. I’m not one of those stupid men who goes around knocking up every girl he sleeps with. This is exactly the reason I don’t have sex.”
“But you had sex with me,” she said.
And damn, if she didn’t look gorgeous, her face flushed, her lips swollen from his kisses. “Yeah. I did.”
“You still feel like a dream.” He caressed her face, leaned over and kissed her.
She traced his length and he rose to the occasion. “Do we have to bother with the condom?”
“Amy, we might get lucky once. Maybe even twice. But we can’t be careless.”
“With everything else that’s happened, I’m going to guess the damn condoms will break every time in this house.”
He kissed her again. “I can’t do that to you.”
“You already have.” She continued to stroke him gently, firing up his engines. “Twice.”
“You’re a bad influence,” he sighed.
“You don’t want to do it again?” she teased.
He rolled his eyes. “Your brothers will pound me into the ground if I send you home pregnant. And I would never forgive myself.”
With a dramatic sigh, she rolled against the wall. “So that’s it? No more?”
Kevin stroked her bare belly, toyed with the curls at the apex of her legs. Cupped her breasts before he leaned over and took each one in his mouth. “I could make love to you all night, and damn the consequences.”
She speared him with a challenge in her eye. “Prove it.”
A ghostly laugh echoed in the hallway outside the bedroom. Kevin glanced at the door, not seeing anything. He closed his eyes, and whatever reservations he had melted away. He tucked Amy beneath him and kissed her hungrily before he drove home once more. Unsheathed.



Chapter XXIII
Death is a debt
by nature due;
I’ve paid my shot,
And so must you
The sun snuck around the edges of the shade in the bedroom window. Amy admired the man lying beside her. His copper hair was dark in the dimly lit room. Brown lashes lay against his cheeks while he slept. 
He had plugged into her, literally, as if they’d fused together at the soul.
Kevin’s eyelids fluttered open and he propped himself up on his elbows, eyes darting around the room. He looked at Amy and for a moment she worried he would say something stupid, like he was sorry. 
With the sunlight came shyness. Her heart beat madly and she wondered how many times in a row people could make love, because she wanted to do it again. 
He seemed to have sorted through whatever startled him to wakefulness and his features softened. “Amy.” The sheet tented over his hips.
“Hi.” 
“Amy,” he repeated, as he traced a finger across her cheek. 
Her heart sank. “Please don’t say you’re sorry. I hate when people say they’re sorry, and I especially don’t want you to be sorry about what happened between us.”
He gathered her into his arms and held her close. “Then I won’t be sorry.”
His body was ready, his desire hard and inviting. Sit on it. Isn’t that what the voices had told her the first night? Amy threw a leg over and straddled him, taking Kevin inside once more.
He closed his eyes while she slid down his length. “Unbelievable.” Kevin sighed and reached for her breasts, lying still while she controlled their movement. 
The tension in her body rose with the pressure of him inside of her, his hands on her breasts, his chest beneath her hands. So different from the first time. He was beautiful in the morning light, his green eyes hooded, his expression one of pure bliss.
A man worth waiting for. 
He sat up, his hands on her bottom, his lips on her neck, on her breasts. So different than their clumsy first night. Each stroke fueled the fire inside her until her world exploded and she collapsed against him. He continued to move inside her, pushing her up, pulling her down, until he groaned with his release.
He fell back, pulling Amy with him. She didn’t move, nestled against his chest, listening to the pounding of his heart. As she started to drift off, Kevin called her back to wakefulness.
“We have to get up.”
“I’m holding you prisoner,” she muttered.
“As much as I’d love to stay here with you forever, we have to find Mary’s Claddagh. It might be the only evidence that will incriminate Baldwin.” Kevin kissed her and slid from beneath her to sit on the edge of the bed.
She drew the sheet to her shoulders and curled into a ball. 
He touched her face and leaned across to kiss her. “You are so beautiful.”
No one had ever said that to her. The words tugged on her heart, but would Kevin want her after they left Mrs. Sumner’s house?  
He massaged her shoulder. “Amy, I want to get to know you better. To date you.” He clenched his jaw and the muscles in his temple pulsed. “I don’t like that Mrs. Sumner facilitated this.” He waved at the bed.
Amy waited for the rest, the words he hadn’t spoken. “And?” 
“There’s something about Mrs. Sumner that isn’t right. Or this house. Or both. This isn’t the way I am. The way I act. I’ve never given in to my impulses. This isn’t me.”
“And you’re sorry?” she asked.
He reached for her face, reading the worry she knew she couldn’t hide. “Only sorry we didn’t do this under more conventional circumstances. You know, a date, dinner, a movie, a kiss goodnight, taking time to get to know each other first.” He kissed her gently and leaned his forehead against hers. “This means something to me, what happened between us. You mean something to me.” He turned away and pulled a hand through his hair. 
The experience was new to Amy, too, right down to the part where she meant something to him. She blew out a breath to steady her nerves. She could do this. She could tell him she was in love with him. 
Kevin stood, the muscles in his buttocks clearly defined. Still semi-hard, he reached for his shorts. She needed to see his face, his eyes, when she told him. Those beautiful eyes. Holding the sheet against her, Amy slipped from the bed.
Kevin pulled on his jeans and grabbed his shirt. “I’ll let you get dressed in private.” He gave her one last kiss and left the room.
Without giving her the chance to get the words out. Or maybe she was afraid to tell him. Only moments earlier she had straddled him, completely exposed. Now she wanted to hide, from Kevin, from her feelings, from Jake Baldwin. 
She gathered her clothes and carried them to the bathroom. After she’d showered and changed, Amy crept down the stairs, more self-conscious than ever.
Mrs. Sumner sat at the kitchen table, the cheerful morning sun casting light on the newspaper in her hands. An unnatural shade of pink in her cheeks contrasted sharply against her pale skin. 
She’s dying.
“You’re not well,” Amy said.
Mrs. Sumner waved a hand at the air. “I’m fine.”
“You look ill.”
“Amy, you knew I was dying when I came into the monument shop the other day.” She set the paper on the table. “There’s no help for it.”
“I should call the doctor. Where’s Kevin?”
The dry cackle of a laugh sounded more like a cough this morning. “There’s nothing they can do, dear. Sit and have a cup of coffee with me.” She nodded toward the basement. “Kevin’s gone downstairs to check on the furnace.”
Reluctantly, Amy drew up a chair. 
“The two of you are positively glowing,” Mrs. Sumner said. She smiled and a dreamy sort of look crossed her face. “Was it wonderful?”
Heat rose in Amy’s face. 
“He has stamina,” Mrs. Sumner continued. “Like my Charlie on our first night. Oh, that was fun!”
Amy shrank in her chair and sipped her coffee.
“Nothing to be embarrassed about, my dear. You and Kevin are meant to be together. I didn’t mean to eavesdrop, but you two were quite loud, you know. Such unbridled passion! I miss that most of all. Mind you, it lessens over time, but oh, that first time!” She shook her head, eyes sparkling.
Amy set an elbow on the table and leaned into her hand, her best attempt to disappear in the small kitchen.
Footsteps heralded Kevin’s return from the basement. He paused on the top step and gave Amy a brief smile. “You’re all set, Mrs. Sumner.”
“Thank you. You’re such a fine man.” She set her cup on the table and grimaced.
Kevin didn’t seem to notice. “Did you see my article?” he asked Amy, pointing at the newspaper with a big grin. “The AP ran it with my byline. I have an Associated Press byline.”
“That’s great,” she said, reaching for Mrs. Sumner. 
“This is a big deal,” he said. “A byline. With the Associated Press.”
Amy mustered a smile. “Congratulations.” Maybe if they were alone, if Mrs. Sumner hadn’t pointed out their lack of discretion, she could overcome her embarrassment enough to wrap her arms around him, but nothing about their situation was normal. 
“Your big break,” Mrs. Sumner added.
Kevin scowled. “I want to check the recording one more time.” He passed into the living room.
“You’re in pain,” Amy said to Mrs. Sumner.
“I’m fine,” Mrs. Sumner said, pushing her away.
She wasn’t fine. “I want to take you to the doctor.”
“You can’t. Detective Baldwin will find you.”
Amy looked at Kevin, desperate for another solution. “What about Mrs. Brown, next door? Does she know where your doctor is? Can she take you?”
Mrs. Sumner took hold of Amy’s hand. “I’m fine, dear. I’ve already told you there isn’t anything to be done.”
Tears threatened. “How can you be sure?”
“You know it same as I do.”
Amy did know. She pursed her lips and looked away.
Mrs. Sumner had definitely taken a turn for the worse, and Amy felt responsible. “Is it the séance? Is that why you’re so ill today?”
“My Charlie, he’s waiting for me. You have other things to worry about. Mary will guide you. Give the girl her peace.”
Mary hovered behind Kevin, but this time she beckoned to Amy. Chills raced down Amy’s spine.
“She won’t harm you,” Mrs. Sumner said, her voice weak. 
Amy rose from the table to stand beside Kevin. He played the recording at a slow speed. While she watched, pictures flashed through Amy’s mind in sympathy with the indiscernible images on the screen. At the slower speed, she heard the voices Kevin attempted to separate.
“Souvenirs.” The word played back with the recording, but it seemed to come from Mary at the same time. Before today, Mary’s ghost had been relatively motionless, like a photograph, always staring at Amy. Today, her mouth moved when the word replayed on the computer.
“Can you hear her?” Amy whispered.
“I don’t know. There are so many voices on top of one another,” Kevin said, concentrating on the screen while he adjusted the sound mixer.
“Can you isolate the voice that said ‘souvenirs’?”
Kevin rewound, played, rewound, played. Amy kept her attention on the transparent young girl. Another distorted word played through the computer and Mary’s mouth moved.
“She’s trying to speak to you,” Amy said.
Kevin turned his head briefly, then did a double take when he realized Amy wasn’t looking at the computer. “She’s here?”
“She’s trying to speak. Can you separate the voices?” Amy asked.
“The software I have isn’t very sophisticated. I can only do so much.” He strained to see what Amy saw.
Mrs. Sumner came into the room, supporting each step with a hand on the furniture. She smiled. “I can hear my Charlie’s voice. He always did have a way of talking over other people’s conversations to make sure he was heard.”
Amy hurried to take her arm. “Let me help you. I can call an ambulance.”
Mrs. Sumner waved the suggestion off. “No point. They’d only put me in the hospital, and I’d rather die at home.”
Kevin pushed away from the computer, his eyes wide. “You’re dying?” He helped her to a chair. “What can we do for you?” 
She patted his hand. “Nothing. It means so much to have you here with me. Finish what you’re doing. It’s what Mary wants.”
He turned to Amy. “Dying?”
She nodded.
“Cancer?” he asked.
“That’s what they tell me,” Mrs. Sumner replied. She nodded to the computer. “Can you make out what she wants to tell you?”
Kevin grimaced. “If what we see on television is true, the crime lab can sift through these voices, but I’m still worried about who’s playing on what side. How do I know they won’t alter the results to protect Baldwin?” He rubbed his forehead. “I’m taking a copy to the recording studio, in case Dexter didn’t get my upload.” He glanced at Amy. “He should have more sophisticated equipment, and no vested interest in what he can separate.” 
“Won’t your friend think you’re a kook if you send him a recording of a séance?” Amy asked. 
“I’ll tell him I recorded a conversation and ask if he can separate the voices. He won’t get the video, just the audio.” He switched screens and typed out an email, cursing quietly when the internet wouldn’t connect. 
“The Claddagh,” Mrs. Sumner said. “Amy, dear, didn’t you say you know where the Claddagh ring is?”
She’d nearly forgotten the image that had appeared over Kevin’s head. “It was in a box. In a bookshelf. In a room. But I don’t know where the room is.”
Kevin stared at her. “You know where the ring is?” 
Amy shrugged. “Not exactly. Even if we found the ring, how could we prove it was Mary’s?” 
“There has to be DNA, doesn’t there?” Mrs. Sumner asked.
“There were other things in the box.” Amy turned her head, a bad taste in her mouth. “The other families can identify the other souvenirs. As a collection, they could provide the evidence we need.”
The color drained from Kevin’s face. “How many others?”
“I saw eight pieces of jewelry.”
He wiped at his eyes and his nose wrinkled with a sniff. “How did my sister die?”
“I don’t know,” Amy whispered. 

Chapter XXIV
I have fought the good fight
I have finished my course
While Amy helped Mrs. Sumner to bed, Kevin backed the files up to his flash drive in case his upload to the cloud didn’t complete. He left his computer open, hoping the internet connection would stabilize long enough to transmit the large audio files. 
I’ll make this right, Kevin silently promised Mary. 
He glanced up when Amy passed through to the kitchen. She stopped at the sink and washed out the tea cups. She looked over her shoulder and gave him a winsome smile. God, he loved that woman. 
If he made it out of this alive, he had one more thing to make right. Amy had a warm heart, a giving personality. The way she fussed over Mrs. Sumner resonated. She’d given a gift to Kevin she could never take back—herself. He’d spend the rest of his life thanking her, if she’d have him.
And then he remembered the gift he’d bought. The necklace paled in comparison to what she’d given him, but it was something. 
Kevin left his computer to rummage through his duffel in the laundry room. When he found his purchase, he held the long box out for her.
“What’s this?” she asked, drying her hands.
“I picked something up for you. Thought you might like it.”
Amy opened the box and stared at her name, looped in gold letters. 
“Can I put it on you?” he asked.
She nodded.
Kevin took the necklace from the box and strung it around her neck. He rested the letters on her throat and fastened the clasp behind her head. 
He turned Amy in his arms. “If anything happens as a result of last night, or before, I want you to know I’ll be there.”
“Kevin…”
He shook his head. “No, let me finish. Mrs. Sumner might be right. I knew from the moment I met you that you were special.”
She scowled. “Special can be an ugly term.”
Kevin put a finger under her chin. “I’ve never known anyone like you.” He pressed a kiss to her lips. “I’m not sure how this happened so fast, but one thing I am sure of. I love you.”
Wonder filled her eyes. “I love you, too,” she whispered.
He held her tight, afraid to let her go. Would things change when the danger passed? He was tempted to take her upstairs, but if he gave in to his passion now, he wouldn’t leave. The longer they remained with Mrs. Sumner, the closer Baldwin got. “I have to go. I have to get to the recording studio. I’m going to take Dexter a copy of what I recorded during the séance in case the upload doesn’t complete. Hopefully, he can unscramble something we can use, and then I’m supposed to meet with Internal Affairs.” 
Amy’s eyes shone with fear, but she didn’t try to stop him. Instead, she nodded. “You’ll be careful?”
Kevin squeezed her hand and stared at her a long moment. How did Frank Craig deal with the danger? Kevin preferred a level playing field, with fists or wearing football pads, to dodging bullets on the street. Edgarville might not have a high crime rate, but the small taste Kevin had gotten was enough to ruin his appetite for Frank’s beat.
He let go of Amy’s hand, returned to his computer and popped the flash drive. “I’ll be back as soon as I can,” he told Amy. With one last kiss, he slipped out the back door.
Kevin shrugged and pulled his collar up. Cutting through back yards like a high school kid, he traveled three blocks before taking to the sidewalk. He reached into his pocket and retrieved his sunglasses. With only the barest of a disguise, he might still stand out. He’d keep to the backstreets, just in case.
The city bus turned the corner when he reached State Street. Kevin ran to the stop to meet it. The bus was fairly empty. So far, so good. He dropped the fare into the box and slouched into a seat by the window. 
A police car went speeding by and with it came a moment of panic. The police couldn’t watch every bus route. If Baldwin had any influence, the security detail assigned to Kevin’s family would report back to him. Kevin didn’t dare stop at Ma’s. Was Baldwin watching Kathleen, too? He couldn’t be everywhere.
Kevin ran a finger around the sides of the flash drive in his pocket. The crime lab would have equipment to separate the voice patterns. Forensics should function independent of the police department, but Kevin wasn’t taking any chances. They’d either dismiss him as a kook when they heard the bizarre voices, or they’d put him in queue with thousands of other investigations. No, the recording studio was his best option to get Baldwin off his back quickly. 
Of course, once Dexter heard the recording, he might think Kevin was a kook, too. Kevin could tell him he’d recorded the voices at a party. Dexter didn’t need to know the voices belonged to dead people.
He had recorded the voices of dead people.
Kevin shuddered and sat upright. He checked his surroundings. “Mary, if you’re there, I’ll find out what happened,” he whispered. “You’ll get your justice.” He wished he could see Mary the way Amy said she could.
Kevin closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Amy was the real thing. She’d written an epitaph for the family at the next table the night they’d gone to dinner. He wasn’t sure how she did it, wasn’t sure he needed to know. Whether Amy heard voices or not, her gift of peace to grieving survivors was real.
Amy was indeed special. He wanted to blame Mrs. Sumner, or that creepy house, for his lack of self-control, but Kevin knew better. He clasped his hands between his knees and hung his head. What if she was pregnant as a result of what they’d done? 
He gave in to a slow smile. They’d have beautiful children together, he and Amy. He imagined a girl with curly red hair. A freckle-faced boy with Amy’s amber eyes. 
The bus jerked to a stop, shaking Kevin from his reverie. He checked the street and rose quickly to exit the bus. Buildings hugged close to one another. A flashing neon guitar hung over a doorway. Head down, Kevin ducked inside.
The door led down a dimly lit flight of steps. At the bottom, a sign with an arrow was mounted to the wall pointing to a door at the end of the hallway. He hoped Dexter had gotten the email and would be there waiting for him.
Kevin tugged on the stenciled glass door. Locked. He shaded his eyes and peered into the dark room beyond. A couple of pizza boxes were stacked on top of a garbage can in the corner and security lights illuminated a hallway beyond the reception area. Kevin knocked on the door, but when no one appeared, he turned to leave.
The street door closing echoed in the hallway, followed by footsteps. 
Dexter sauntered toward him, a diamond sparkling in his ear. He sported spiked hair, striped blond and brunette.
“Yo, Newspaperman,” he said, grabbing Kevin’s hand and thumping him on the back. “What’s going on with you and the police? Tough way to get a byline.” 
“Not the way I expected to break in, either,” Kevin told him. “You got my email?”
“Wouldn’t be here now if I didn’t. I don’t do mornings, but anything for a friend.”
“Listen, I have something that might incriminate the cop who shot Mick but, understandably, I don’t quite trust the crime lab at the moment.” He reached into his pocket and retrieved the flash drive. “I made a backup copy in case the upload didn’t go through. The voices are on top of one another. Can you separate them? I’m pretty sure one of them was talking about where the evidence that would crack this case open is hidden.” 
“Yeah, I did what I could at home, but you’re right. That mess requires something more sophisticated to unscramble. Let’s go have a listen.” He pulled a key out and unlocked the door to the studio.
“One more favor,” Kevin said. “You haven’t seen me. I didn’t give you anything. Right? I’m keeping a low profile until we have what we need to put this guy behind bars.”
“Gotcha, gotcha. No worries. I have a session in a few hours, but I’ll try to work this in. I’m guessing you’re in a hurry, huh?” Dexter lowered his voice. “Did that cop really kill Mick?” 
“Yeah, and now he’s chasing me and a friend of mine.” Kevin followed Dexter through a labyrinth of hallways into a control room. 
“Friend? The paper mentioned an unidentified woman who gave you information. You hiding a girlfriend?”
Kevin grinned. “I’ll give you details later.”
“You better.” Dexter sat at the soundboard and plugged the flash drive in. “Let me back this up first.  I’ll work on it as quickly as I can. Can’t have your big break be your last story.”
“Truer words…” Kevin said. “I’ll check back with you later? Will that work?” 
“Might take longer, but you never know.” 
Kevin glanced around. “Can I use your phone a minute?”
“All yours, bro. In the lobby.”
Kevin clapped Dexter on the back. “I appreciate this.”
“Hey, no problem, as long as your policeman friend doesn’t come shooting up my studio.”
“He doesn’t know about the recording. I think you’re safe.”
Dexter pointed at him. “Holding you to that, man.” 
Kevin wound his way back to the lobby and picked up the phone to call Kathleen. She answered on the second ring.
“Ma’s waiting for the phone call telling her he got to you,” she said.
“She’ll have to wait a while longer. Are you safe?”
Kathleen chuckled. “I’m well looked after. One of the campus policeman is following me around like a puppy. Ma’s got a patrol car parked outside the house, and Liam says the campus police are more visible around him, too.”
Kevin rubbed his forehead. “Kathleen, what do you know about what happened to Mary?”
When she didn’t answer right away, he tried again. “Someone said you knew something.”
Kathleen lowered her voice. “She had a date. Mick introduced them. Some guy named Jake.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“If Mick trusted him, I didn’t see any reason why I shouldn’t.” Kathleen sighed. “It didn’t seem important. They said her death was an accident and there was no reason to say anything. That Jake guy? He asked me out, too. After Mary died. Can you believe him?”
Kevin’s heart shuddered. “But you said no, right?”
She laughed. “What do you think I am? Stupid?”
He lowered his voice to a whisper. “Don’t let him catch you alone.”
“Not likely with Brutus following me everywhere I go.”
“Brutus?” Kevin asked.
“The campus officer. Kev?” She hesitated a moment. “Siobhan called me. She was worried when you didn’t check in. I’m assuming you gave her my phone number?”
“Yeah. And Liam’s. In case she wanted to call.” Kevin sat on the corner of the desk, wondering if Kathleen meant to ream him out for sharing the information. “She still blames Ma, you know. And she feels like she let the rest of us down by leaving, but she says she had to go to save her sanity. She said leaving was the only way she figured to have a normal life. I’m glad she felt comfortable enough to reach out to you.”
“It was an awkward conversation,” Kathleen said, her tone indicating it hadn’t necessarily gone well. “Once I told her why you couldn’t call, she mostly freaked out. I think she might be considering coming home.” 
The door opened and a man in a suit walked in. Kevin slid off the desk. “Look, I gotta go. Tell Ma I love her and watch out for Liam. I’ll be home as soon as I can.” He hung up, uncertain if he should bolt or play it cool.
 “Mr. McCormick,” the man said. “I’m Detective Mayhew. Inspector Grammercy asked me to bring you in.” He pulled out his ID and showed it to Kevin.
“Wait. I’m supposed to meet Inspector Grammercy at the coffee shop.” Kevin backed away. “How did you know I’d be here?”
“I can tell you on the way. Right now, it’s better if we keep moving.”
“Uh-uh,” Kevin said. “Unless you plan to charge me with something, I’m not going anywhere.”
Mayhew huffed and faced Kevin. “I knew you were here because I followed you. Baldwin may be suspended, but he has friends who want to help him and who are feeding him information. He hasn’t figured out exactly where you’ve been hiding, but he’s staking out Monroe Street. It isn’t safe for you to go back to Lily Sumner’s house.”
Kevin grabbed the detective by the front of the shirt. “How do you know about Lily Sumner? Where’s Amy?”


Chapter XXV
Dúirt mé leat go raibh mé breoite.
Translation from Irish: "I told you I was ill." 
Amy paced like a zoo animal. She wanted to be doing something, anything, to get out of this mess. If she hadn’t told Kevin about Mary’s call for justice, none of this would have happened.
Mrs. Sumner moaned in her sleep. She looked uncomfortable wedged into the corner of the couch, but she’d insisted she didn’t want to lie in bed. Had the séance made her illness worse? Maybe she experienced nausea after the séance, the way Amy did when she heard epitaphs.
Kevin had been gone too long. Thoughts of him lying dead on the street sent Amy into a panic. Last time he’d gone out to “do something,” his cousin had died. 
Four hours had passed since Kevin left and tears of frustration pricked Amy’s eyes. She pulled back the curtain and glanced through the window. A car was parked by the curb a few houses down. The man at the wheel looked suspiciously like Detective Baldwin.
Amy let go of the curtain and pressed her back to the wall. If Baldwin was outside, he didn’t have Kevin. Or had he already killed Kevin and she was next?
She’d find out if Kevin had made it to the recording studio, and his friend—what was his name? Dexter—could tell her if Kevin was safe.
“What is it?” Mrs. Sumner said, trying to sit up.
“There’s someone outside. I want to make sure Kevin got to the recording studio. Do you have a phone book?” Amy asked.
“In the kitchen, the drawer closest to the phone.”
Amy rushed into the kitchen, found the phone book and laid it on the kitchen table. She paged through in search of a listing for the recording studio. The only thing she had to go on was Dexter’s name, but was that his first name or the last name?
It must be her lucky day, because there was only one recording studio near Edgarville. She dialed the number and asked for Dexter.
“Is Kevin McCormick there?” she asked when he answered.
“He was. Who’s this?”
“I’m a friend of his. Did you get the audio files?” she asked.
“Yeah, right before the cops took him away. Are you the girlfriend he’s going to tell me about later?” 
Amy smiled. Kevin had told her he loved her, and he’d told his friend about her. “Yeah.” 
“I couldn’t do much at home with the files he uploaded, but now that I’m in the studio, I think I might have found what he was looking for,” Dexter told her.
“The voices? You were able to isolate them?”
“This is weird shit, you know, but yeah, Kevin said he needed to find out where the souvenirs were hidden. That sound right?”
“Yes.” She pressed a fist over her heart. If Mary’s message came through, this could all be over. “Did you find something?” she asked, daring to hope.
“It’s a little vague, but it might make sense to him. What do you want me to do?”
If the police picked Kevin up, did they care about the evidence? Who could she trust?
Kevin trusted the reporter he’d been working with, Frank Craig. Would Frank help? 
“I’m going to call Frank Craig,” she told Dexter. “He’ll know what to do. Okay? Can I call you back?”
“You sure this guy’s got Kevin’s back?”
“Yeah, Kevin trusts him.”
“I’m gonna keep working on this, in case there’s anything more, but I’ll copy what I’ve got onto a disc.”
“Thanks.” Amy hung up the phone and leafed through the phone book one more time for the Banner Journal, the newspaper.
She asked for Frank Craig when the number connected, and they told her he was out on a story. 
Frank had arranged for the meeting with Internal Affairs. Was Frank with Kevin now? “Can you get a message to him? Call his cell phone?” she asked. “It’s urgent, and its regarding the story he’s working on.” 
Amy’s heart skipped a beat with a knock on the door. A man’s silhouette hovered outside the front door. Mrs. Sumner rose from the couch to answer and Amy hissed. “It’s him. Don’t open it.”
“Ma’am?” the woman on the phone asked her.
“Please tell Frank Craig the recording studio has information on Mac’s case. Will you tell him that?”
“I’ll try to reach…” Amy hung up on her when Mrs. Sumner made a grab for the back of the couch and fell to the floor. 
“No,” Amy whispered. She dashed to her side and tried to help her up. “I’m going for help.” A tear slid down her cheek. “Don’t die. Not yet.”
Mrs. Sumner smiled. “What will be, will be,” she said weakly.
The silhouette at the front door was gone, but Amy wasn’t taking any chances. She raced out the back door to find Mrs. Brown and came face to face with Detective Baldwin. She gasped, stepped back and would have sat on the ground if he hadn’t reached out to steady her.
“Can I help you?” he asked.
Amy stared into the eyes of the man who’d carried the gun in the cemetery. Did he know what she looked like? “You startled me. I… I was hoping to find Mrs. Brown. I’m staying with my aunt and she’s taken ill. I need to get her to the doctor, or to the hospital.”
“I can help. I’m a police officer.” 
Amy’s heart raced. “I wouldn’t want to bother you. My aunt needs medical attention and since I’m only visiting, I don’t have a car…”
“What’s your name?”
Amy froze. What was Mrs. Sumner’s niece’s name? She couldn’t think. Her brain had shut off. “I have to get back to my aunt. I’m terribly worried about her.” 
“I’ll come with you.” His eyes lowered to her neck, where she wore the necklace Kevin had given her. Amy covered it with one hand and tucked it inside her shirt.
She fought the urge to run. He’d shoot her before she got five feet and leave her corpse to rot in the basement, along with Mrs. Sumner, who might already be dead. “Can you call an ambulance?” Her voice sounded small and far away.
Mary appeared beside Baldwin, her eyes wide and her mouth open in a scream. Amy shuddered. Goosebumps rose on her skin. She wanted to scream, too. When Baldwin reached for his belt Amy flinched. He retrieved a cell phone and pushed the emergency call button.
“Thank you,” she managed to whisper, and retreated into Mrs. Sumner’s house, closing the door behind her.
Detective Baldwin rapped on the kitchen door. “Ma’am?” 
She backed away from the door. “Is the ambulance on the way?” she called out.
Baldwin opened the door, leveled his gaze on Amy and then glanced at Mrs. Sumner, on the floor. As he passed Amy, she remarked that he was shorter than she’d envisioned, maybe an inch taller than she was. His smooth brown hair was shiny and smelled of Brylcream. 
Amy’s father used Brylcream. 
She wished her father was here, or her brothers. 
Detective Baldwin knelt beside Mrs. Sumner and checked her wrist for a pulse. He turned a pock marked face Amy’s direction. “How long has she been ill?”
Amy’s jaw quivered. “She’s terminal.” Tears poured down her cheeks. “Is she…?”
“She’s not dead.”
“The ambulance?” Amy asked again.
“It’s on its way.” 
Mrs. Sumner’s eyelids fluttered and faded blue eyes focused on Amy. “Charlie’s close,” she whispered.
“Charlie?” Detective Baldwin asked Amy.
“My uncle. He died a few years ago. She says he’s calling her home.”
Baldwin took Amy’s hand. “I’m sorry. This must be very hard for you.”
A shudder of revulsion passed through her. Either Baldwin didn’t recognize her or he was waiting for his opportunity. He wouldn’t do anything while Mrs. Sumner was alive to be a witness, would he?
“I’m Detective Baldwin, by the way. Jake Baldwin. Let me buy you a cup of coffee when we get to the hospital.” He touched the chain around her neck and cold dread coursed through Amy. A flash of his souvenir collection jumped to mind. Would he add the necklace Kevin had given her?

Chapter XXVI
Gone home
Kevin sat in the office at Village Hall, tapping his fingers on the table. Grammercy walked in and resumed his seat.
“I got a phone call from Frank Craig,” he said. “He says he has evidence at Dexter’s Laboratory, the recording studio. Does that mean anything to you?”
Kevin was out of options. Inspector Grammercy wasn’t likely to let him walk out of the police station, and if Dexter had already isolated voices, they might have the evidence they needed to put Baldwin away. 
“Look,” Kevin said. “I met someone who crossed paths with Baldwin. She told me he kills girls and keeps their jewelry as souvenirs. I recorded a conversation, but there were other voices drowning her out, so I took the recording to the studio to isolate the information.”
“Does this girl have a name?”
Kevin rubbed his forehead. Feature writers didn’t have to worry about shielding a source, and if he disclosed his source as his dead sister, he’d lose any credibility he’d established. “I don’t think she’ll talk to you. However, I spoke with my sister, Kathleen, today. She said my sister, Mary, had a date with Jake Baldwin the night she died. Kathleen might be able to supply more information, but I’m banking on the recording. If you’ll take me back there, we can stop Baldwin before he kills someone else.” 
Another knock on the door. Grammercy opened it to a uniformed officer.
“A 911 call came in for an ambulance on Monroe Street.” The officer glanced at Kevin. “And Baldwin’s gone.”
Kevin rose to his feet. “Who was the ambulance for?”
The officer handed a piece of paper to Grammercy. Grammercy nodded. “Was Lily Sumner ill?” he asked Kevin.
“Yes, she has cancer, but Amy wouldn’t call an ambulance. Mrs. Sumner wanted to die at home.”
“Looks like she changed her mind.” Grammercy pulled the door open wider. “Notify hospital security, and make sure the campus officers know about the latest development,” he told the uniform. “They are not to let Kathleen McCormick out of their sight. Not even to go to the bathroom. Understood? Invite her downtown for an interview.”
“Yes, sir.” 
The officer left and Grammercy turned to Kevin. “We don’t know Mrs. Sumner’s condition, but we know Baldwin called for the ambulance, and we know Amy rode to the hospital with her.”
“Then Amy’s safe?”
“For now.” But Grammercy wasn’t making any moves to go. 
“I want to go the hospital,” Kevin said. “I need to know Amy’s okay.”
“There’s still the matter of the evidence you and Frank Craig say you have.” He raised his eyebrows. “You will hand that over to us, won’t you?”
Kevin rose to his feet. “Yes. Can we go know?”
Grammercy stepped to one side and waved Kevin through the door. “Let’s find out what this is about.”
Mayhew met them in the parking lot. He opened the back door of a black sedan and waited for Kevin to get in before he got behind the wheel. Grammercy slid into the passenger seat. 
For ten silent minutes, Kevin sat on the edge of his seat, anxious to get to Amy. “You sure hospital security will keep her safe?” he asked.
“She’s in a public place,” Grammercy replied. “And we know where she is. More eyes looking out for her.” 
The car stopped at the recording studio, but Kevin had to wait for Mayhew to open his door in order to get out. He raced down the stairs from the street to the control room Dexter had taken him to earlier.
“Yo, Newspaperman,” Dexter said, and then narrowed his eyes at Inspector Grammercy. 
Frank rose from a seat in the corner. “Interesting recording, Mac.” He nodded to Inspector Grammercy. “I thought we agreed to meet at the coffee shop.”
Grammercy scowled. “The situation escalated when Baldwin turned up on Monroe Street.”
“Thanks to you,” Frank added. “Your guys need to be more discreet when they’re following someone, especially when the lines are blurred. You can’t know who wants to help Baldwin prove his innocence.”
“What do you have?” Kevin asked Dexter.
“You got yourself some weird places you hang out, man. This has been a wild ride. There’s a whole lotta voices on this thing. I used an infomax approach in a feedforward neural network implemented in the frequency domain using the polynomial filter matrix algebra technique. I got to fast convergence speed by using a time-delayed decorrelation method as a preprocessing step. That worked pretty good for separating, but some of this stuff ran along similar frequencies and was harder to isolate. It’s a good start, but if you want the rest of the voices broken apart, I’ll need another week.”
Kevin shook his head. “Back up. That sounds an awful lot like math. Algorithms?”
“You thought those college years were wasted?” Dexter grinned. “Working the board is kinda geeky, ya know. It isn’t all turning knobs and headphones. Man, where did you record this stuff, anyway? Sounds like a funeral or something.”
“Something like that.” Kevin motioned for him to continue. “Did she say where the souvenirs are?”
Dexter patted a stool beside him. “Cop a squat. Have a listen. Mostly short little sound bites. My personal fave is the guy who’s waiting for his lady friend to come home.” Dexter chuckled. “Says he’s got a hard one waiting for her.” He slid a disk from a sleeve on the side of the board and loaded it. “I pulled out the ones I was able to separate—here they are. In no particular order.” 
Kevin perched on the stool and checked his watch. Did they have time to unscramble all the voices? He needed to get to the hospital, to Amy. 
Dexter pressed the play button. The first voice sent shivers down Kevin’s spine. 
“I meant no harm.” 
A lump lodged in Kevin’s throat. Mick’s voice. Several other voices repeated various forms of “what will be, will be.” Was this what Amy heard when she walked through the cemetery? Dozens of voices expressed their last thoughts.
“This is the one,” Dexter said, leaning closer to the control board. “This guy’s gonna have trouble walking for a few minutes by the sounds of it.”
“Tell Lily I’ve got a hard one for her,” a man’s voice said. 
Tell Lily? Lily Sumner? Heat rose to Kevin’s face. Could a ghost have influenced what happened between him and Amy? 
“Hot, huh?” Dexter said with a salacious grin.
“Lucky Lily,” Kevin muttered. He still hadn’t heard a message from Mary.
“I’ll miss my kids most of all/Don’t let that cheating wife of mine marry that slime/I didn’t have time to finish the deck.” The voices fired off one at a time, nothing that made much sense and nothing that mattered. 
“We’re wasting time,” Grammercy said.
“Somewhere you need to be?” Kevin asked. “Like maybe making sure Amy’s safe?”
Four people walked into the recording studio on the other side of the glass window. Dexter flipped a switch. “Be right with you,” he said into a microphone.
“Can we take what you’ve done with us?” Kevin asked. “I want to get to Amy.” 
As Dexter reached for the controls, Mary’s voice came through the speaker. Kevin grabbed Dexter’s wrist. 
“Souvenirs. In a wooden trinket box. Hidden panel in the bookcase in his house.”
Kevin’s pulse rate jumped and every nerve ending tingled. Her words matched what Amy had told him. He turned to Grammercy. “Can you get a warrant? Search Baldwin’s house?”
Grammercy pulled out his cell phone and made a call.
Dexter ejected the disk and handed it to Kevin.
“Care to bring me up to speed?” Frank asked.
“A witness says Baldwin collects souvenirs—jewelry—from his victims. Any other suspicious deaths that might be related?” Kevin asked.
“There was a girl. I think her name was Cindy Reynolds, she died from a blow to the head and was dragged into an alley in the same neighborhood your sister died,” Frank replied. “The family made a big fuss about a necklace she’d been wearing that went missing. At the time, her death sounded like it could have been an accident with her being in the wrong place, at the wrong time. In that area of town, it wouldn’t be unusual to have someone steal her necklace, but why move the body?”
Cindy. During the séance, there had been a string of names and the souvenirs that went with them. “An angel pendant?” Kevin asked.
Grammercy shot a look at Kevin. “What do you know about the necklace?”
Kevin tapped the disc. “Do you have a victim named Wendy? Lost a charm bracelet?”
“That’s on your recording?” Grammercy asked.
“My guess is they’re in the box along with my sister’s Claddagh ring.”
“How does your witness know all this?” Grammercy asked.
“She was one of his victims.”
Grammercy raised his eyebrows. “He let one get away? I need her name.”
Kevin’s nerves jumped. “I had a hard enough time trying to find out what she had to say. I can guarantee she won’t speak to you.” At least not in the conventional sense.
 “You want me to keep going on the other voices, or is that the only one you needed?” Dexter asked.
Kevin swallowed down the lump in his throat. Had Mary said anything else? “That girl. She might have said more. I don’t know. Keep working on it.” His head felt like it would explode after listening to the dozens of voices shooting out phrases rapid fire the way they had.
“Cool,” Dexter said, cocking his eyebrows at the policemen.
Grammercy tucked his phone in his pocket and took the disc from Kevin. “This is evidence, now. You can tell me whose voice this is later.” He turned to Frank. “I’d better not see any of this in the paper until charges are filed. You understand?”
“Just helping a friend,” Frank replied.  
“She’ll tell that to someone at a funeral but she won’t report it to the cops?” Grammercy asked Kevin.
“Baldwin is a cop,” Kevin reminded him. “She has trust issues.” 
Grammercy turned to walk out. 
“What about Amy?” Kevin asked.
“We’re going to the hospital now. You’ll be safer somewhere else,” Grammercy told him. “We don’t need reporters getting in the way of the investigation.” 
Grammercy’s phone rang. He grunted a few responses before he directed the caller to get a search warrant for Baldwin’s house. “Time is critical,” he said. “Push this hard.”
“Thank you,” Kevin said when Grammercy disconnected the call.
“They may not find anything,” Grammercy replied. “I’m not going to be happy if you’ve sent me on a wild goose chase.”
Frank patted Kevin on the back. “We’re gonna get this guy.” 
“I’m going to the hospital,” Kevin said.
“I’ll take you,” Frank said. “Free country, public place,” he told Grammercy.
Grammercy’s phone rang again and he held up a finger. “So which judge is there?” His smile grew. “Good. If you have any trouble, you know where my file is. That should help move things along. Let me know how it goes.” He disconnected the call and grimaced at Kevin. “Let’s hope your source has something for us to go on.”

Chapter XXVII
For me the world has had its charms
And I’ve embraced them in my arms,
Courted its joy and sought its bliss
Although I knew the end was this
Amy couldn’t stop trembling. Whether it was because she sat in a hospital room staring at a dead woman or because she’d come face to face with a killer, a killer who knew where she was, she wasn’t sure.
Mrs. Sumner lay peacefully on the bed. She had been ready to go. She had no last thoughts to convey. Mrs. Sumner was gone.
Where could Amy go? Back to the cemetery? Baldwin would be watching for her. She couldn’t call the police. Kevin had told her Baldwin might have friends who would help him. 
The police had Kevin. Was he safe?  
A nurse laid a hand on Amy’s shoulder and she jumped. “Would you like me to call someone for you?”
“No,” Amy said quickly. “I mean, I don’t know.” She should notify Mrs. Sumner’s niece, a woman whose name she couldn’t remember, or the state where she lived. “Can I have a few more minutes?” She had to figure something out, a way out of the hospital before Baldwin found her.
The nurse pulled back with a look that made Amy worried she’d be sent to the psychiatric ward. Right now, that was the better of her options. 
“I can have the doctor prescribe…”
“I don’t need medication,” Amy said.
The nurse patted Amy’s shoulder. “I suppose you can stay with her until the orderly comes to take her down… maybe you’d like to go to the cafeteria. Get a cup of coffee. How does that sound?”
Amy nodded, but she continued to shiver. 
“If you need anything, you can press the call button.” The nurse showed Amy the controls that lay on the bed, then gave her one last smile before she left the room. 
Mrs. Sumner was dead. If Amy followed her to the morgue, she’d confirm the nurse’s suspicions that Amy was crazy. She had to go. Somewhere. 
She pulled out her cell phone and sent a text to Kevin on the off chance he had turned his phone on. “Where are you?” When he didn’t respond immediately, Amy opened the door and came face to face with a second nurse. 
“I brought something to calm you,” the nurse said, a strange gleam in her eye. 
She displayed a needle and Amy backed away.
“Since Mrs. Sumner no longer needs pain management, I thought it might help you.”
“I don’t need anything.”
With Amy backed into a corner, the nurse grabbed for Amy’s hand and turned her wrist. “I think you do.” While Amy struggled, the nurse jabbed the crook of Amy’s arm.
Amy jerked away and clutched the painful spot. “I said no.” She blinked as spots swam in her vision. Her eyelids grew heavy and she was light headed. Amy focused on the nurse’s name badge—Sylvia. “I’m going to report you,” she said, her tongue thick.
“You do that.”
The door darkened and a man walked into the room. Detective Baldwin.
“She’s ready for you,” the nurse said. “Shouldn’t give you any trouble.”
Baldwin flipped the necklace on Amy’s neck and her name jumped out of her blouse. He grabbed her by the arm and pulled her toward the stairwell. “So nice to finally meet you, Amy.”
“Let me go,” she said loudly. “Someone help me.”
A candy striper approached. “Is something wrong?”
“Don’t let him take me,” Amy pleaded.
“She’s just lost her aunt,” Baldwin said smoothly. “I’m taking her home. They were very close and she’s having a hard time leaving.”
“No!” Amy opened her eyes wide. “He’s hurting me. Please. Call security.”
“It’s okay. I’m a police officer,” he told the candy striper.
“No!” Amy shouted as he dragged her into the hallway.
“And now,” he said, his voice menacing and low, “because you’ve made such a fuss, we’ll have to take the stairs.”
Amy fought against his grip. “Let me go.” 
“I’m sorry, I can’t do that.” He opened the door to the stairwell and pulled her through.
“I don’t know anything. I swear.”
“That’s not what you told that reporter. What I don’t understand is how you know. Maybe my friend, Mick, wasn’t as discreet as I thought he was. I didn’t think he had a girlfriend to tell.” 
“I didn’t know Mick,” Amy said quietly.
“Pity. I guess you never will, now.” 
“Let me go!” Amy shook free, but without Baldwin’s support, the world spun out of control. She reached for the door but when she tried to turn the knob, her grip wouldn’t tighten. Her knees buckled and Baldwin slid an arm around her. “No,” she whispered as she melted into oblivion.
~ ~ ~
Amy opened her eyes and braced herself, sliding across the back seat of a car as it veered around a corner. She brushed her arms, trying to wake up the nerve endings that felt wrapped in cotton. 
“Well, that didn’t last long,” Baldwin said, dark eyes watching her in the rearview mirror. “But my sister did say she wasn’t able to give you the full dose.”
Tell him. A tiny voice echoed in her head. 
Amy felt sick, the nausea that came with the epitaphs. “Mary?” she mumbled. The apparition appeared beside her on the seat. 
“You were a friend of Mary’s then?” Baldwin asked.
Amy stared at Mary’s ghost. Mary nodded.
Amy took a deep breath to clear the fog in her brain. “She didn’t fall.” 
“Technically, yeah, she did.” The car swerved sharply around another corner and Amy had to grab the seat to keep from sliding against the door.
“You pushed her,” Amy said.
“She threatened to jump.” He shrugged. “I may have helped her.”
“Did you rape her, too?”
Baldwin gave a short laugh. “Rape? She wanted it. I saw it in her eyes. That’s why I told Mick to fix us up. She gave me that look. The one that says I can’t wait to ride you like a stallion.”
Nausea threatened, but not from any psychic flash. “You must have known she was still in high school.”
“Those are the ones who want it the most.” His eyes met Amy’s in the rearview mirror once more. “You’re a little older, but I can see it in you, too. That same innocence, wanting to act all grown up. The heat that comes from not knowing and wanting a real man to show you the way. I see you looking at me. I know you think I’m attractive.”
Amy shook her head. “No.”
“Don’t be afraid. It’s fun. I promise. You’ll be begging for more.”
Her heart pounded. “You think I’m a virgin?”
“I can always tell.” He winked at her in the mirror.
“Then I guess there’s something wrong with your radar.”
Baldwin laughed again. “I’m never wrong. I can spot one a mile away.”
“Not this time.”
“Maybe. But I can see you simmering for me.” He looked ahead and swerved back into his lane.
“So why kill them if they want you so much? Seems like you could enjoy the relationship for a while.” She wanted to keep him talking while she tried to figure a way out of this, tried to fight the cloudy feeling in her head.
“Virgins always cry afterward. Like they’ve given away the keys to the kingdom and now they want them back.”
“I didn’t cry,” she said quietly.
He stared at her again. 
“They threatened to tell, didn’t they?” Amy said.
He squirmed. “They wouldn’t have told.”
“But you had to make sure they wouldn’t. Why would Mary threaten to jump? She wanted to get away from you, didn’t she?”
His lips tightened. “It’s the guilt. Once they’ve given in, they want to pretend like it didn’t happen, and then they want to blame me. Like it was all my fault.” He gripped the steering wheel tighter. “She wanted it. She had that hungry look.”
Amy’s heart beat faster. “So you pushed her.”
Baldwin jerked the wheel to the right, sending Amy across the seat. He screeched into a parking space and looked ahead through the windshield. “She jumped.”
Tell him. Mary’s voice echoed in Amy’s head once more and she doubled over, sure she was going to vomit this time. She saw an image of Baldwin grabbing Mary’s hand, pulling the ring from her finger and releasing her with such a jerk that Mary tumbled over the balcony.
“No. You pushed her,” Amy said, feeling more strength with the conviction. “After you stole her ring.” She reached for the door handle, tried to unlock the door, but it wouldn’t open.
“Child proof locks.” Baldwin leaned over the seat. “Can’t have you running off too soon.”
The onset of panic cleared more of the fog from her brain. “And Mick? He knew she was out with you.”
“Good ol’ Mick. He’s the one who called 911 and told them she’d fallen. He was her cover story. The family would never have forgiven him if they knew he was helping her meet up with a real man.”
“But he didn’t know you were going to rape her.”
Baldwin slapped the steering wheel, startling her. “I told you, I only gave her what she wanted.”
“And the others?” It was a dangerous question, but she was already in over her head.
“What others?” The veins in his temple pulsed.
He’d fingered Amy’s necklace. That was the souvenir he wanted from her. Amy casually pushed the hair off her shoulders, massaged her shoulder, released the clasp on her necklace. The chain slid into her palm and she closed her fist around it. She’d make sure this was one souvenir he wasn’t going to have. 
“Mary told me,” she said.
Baldwin squinted. “How could she tell you? Mary’s dead.”
Amy smiled. Crazy Amy made all the boys uncomfortable. Would Baldwin be any exception? “But she did. You read the article. The dead pass along their final thoughts to me. Mary wants justice.”
He pushed the door open with such force she was sure it would break the hinges, and in an instant, he yanked her out of the car by the arm. “She wants justice, does she? For leading me on? For wanting to fuck a cop? Every woman loves a man in uniform. I waited too long to give Eva what she wanted, but I won’t make that mistake again.” He yanked Amy toward an apartment building that was posted as condemned and marked for demolition, but Amy’s legs wouldn’t cooperate.  
“Let me go!” Amy said, her voice scratchy.
“So you can play hard to get? Don’t worry, I’ll dress up for you, too. I’ll show you my nightstick.” He reached behind his back and had Amy in handcuffs before she knew what he was doing. “Don’t worry, darling. They all love the cuffs. Pity Eva threw me over before I had the chance to use them on her.”
“Who’s Eva?”
He didn’t seem to have heard, his voice more like he was talking to himself. “All the times she flirted with me and I was too stupid to know what she wanted,” he said as he jerked her toward the building. “All the years I waited, thinking I was being the gentleman, and then when I graduated the academy, when I could finally give her what she wanted—a man in uniform—she put me in the friend zone.” 
Amy opened her fist and let her necklace fall to the ground.
He yanked Amy’s arms harder than was necessary, as if he suddenly remembered she was there. “She teased me. Led me on. And then when it came time to put out, she flashes a diamond at me. She’d been screwing everyone else. I was too stupid to know better then, but I know what women want now.” 
Baldwin slid his arms behind her knees and picked her up. 
He kicked open a fire door and shifted Amy’s weight over his shoulder in a fireman’s carry up four flights of stairs. “You’re going to love the view,” he growled. 
He stopped in front of apartment 404 and set her on her feet. “Four-oh-four,” he told her while he pulled the keys from his belt. “Not found, in case you aren’t computer literate. That’s going to be you, Amy Benson. Don’t worry. I’ll fulfill your fantasy first.” 
He pulled her into the apartment by the handcuffs, her feet shuffling across the floor, through a door to the one furnished room. Red silk sheets shimmered on a mattress. Baldwin leered at her and the nausea won—she puked on his shoes. 
“Now that wasn’t cool.” He pushed her onto the bed, undid one of the cuffs and anchored her to an iron chain mounted to a plate on the floor. “You wait here while I get cleaned up and when I come back, I’ll be all dressed up for you. I’ll be back in a minute, baby.”

Chapter XXVIII
Entered the World of Spirits
Kevin ran into the hospital and leaned on the information desk with both hands. “Lily Sumner.” 
The volunteer gave him a room number and he took off for the elevator at a run. Grammercy joined him as the elevator doors opened, with Frank close behind. 
They stepped out of the elevator shoulder to shoulder at the floor the volunteer had sent Kevin to and checked room numbers. Mrs. Sumner’s room was empty.
Kevin stopped at the nurse’s station. “Lily Sumner?” he asked again.
The nurse eyed him warily. She looked from the computer to Kevin’s face and back again. “Are you family?”
Amy had pretended to be Mrs. Sumner’s niece. They’d only give him information if he was a family member. “Her niece. The one who came in with her. I’m her niece’s fiancé.”
“I’m sorry, Mrs. Sumner died shortly after she was admitted.”
Kevin’s heart pinched. As odd as he found Mrs. Sumner, she’d provided them shelter. “And her niece?”
Did the nurse smirk? She schooled her expression quickly. “I assume she went home,” she said as she turned away.
Kevin shook his head. “She wouldn’t leave. Not voluntarily.”
A candy striper stopped beside the desk. “The woman with Mrs. Sumner? She was terribly upset. That policeman offered to take her home.”
“Chloe!” the nurse said, addressing the candy striper. “Don’t you have somewhere else to be?”
“What policeman?” Kevin asked.
“Lots of policeman come in with the ambulances,” the nurse said. “It could have been any of them.”
“He took her down the stairwell,” the candy striper told Kevin.
“Chloe,” the nurse said between clenched teeth.
Grammercy appeared beside Kevin and flashed his badge. “How long ago did you see the policeman helping this woman?”
“He wasn’t helping her, and you know it,” Kevin said.
“We’ll take it from here,” Grammercy told Kevin, shouldering in front of him.
“Couldn’t have been more than ten minutes ago,” the candy striper said.
“I didn’t get your name,” Grammercy said to the nurse.
She pointed to her name badge. “Sylvia.”
“Do you have a last name, Sylvia?”
The nurse pursed her lips. “Baldwin.”
Kevin turned in circles, fighting the panic. “She has the same last name. He took her, and she helped him.”
“We’ll find her,” Grammercy said.
Kevin pointed at the nurse. “She handed Amy over to him.”
Inspector Grammercy pulled Kevin to the waiting area. “You have to let us do our job. We’ll find Amy.”
“They said ten minutes. He only left ten minutes ago.”
“There are officers at his apartment now,” Grammercy told him. “We’ll find him. Your source. Did she mention where Baldwin takes his victims? Did he take your sister somewhere?”
Kevin squeezed his eyes shut. If he told Inspector Grammercy his source was dead, he’d destroy his credibility. Would Baldwin return to the scene of the crime, the place Mary had died? “He took her to the Ryder Building. We have to find him before Amy becomes the next victim.”
Grammercy’s cell phone rang. He met Kevin’s glare while he answered. “He wasn’t there?” His head bobbed slightly. “Send a team to 12th Street, the Ryder Building. We have a potential hostage situation.” 
Kevin pulled out his cell phone and powered it up. Baldwin would be too busy to track him now and Kevin needed to know Baldwin hadn’t gone after Kathleen.
Why hadn’t Kathleen told him what she knew sooner?
A text came through. From Amy. He checked the time. Twenty minutes ago. He replied. “I’m at the hospital. Are you here?”
While he waited, he texted Kathleen. “Where are you?”
Kathleen’s reply came back moments later. “Police Station. I’m safe. You?”
“With police,” he replied. 
Still no response from Amy.
Grammercy tucked his cell phone into his pocket and started for the exit.
“Did they find the box?” Kevin asked. “If they found the evidence, you’d know. Right?”
“Mr. McCormick, you have to let us do our job.”
Kevin grabbed Grammercy’s arm. “Did they find the box?”
“Yes.”
“And my sister’s ring was in it?” His breath caught in his throat.
“It would seem so.” 
Until that moment, the idea that Mary had been murdered had seemed like a drama playing out around him—not quite real. The details of her death hit him like a spear to the gut. 
Mary had been murdered, her body violated and discarded. 
“What about Baldwin?” Kevin asked.
“If Baldwin follows a pattern, we’re hoping we’ll find him at the Ryder Building.” 
Kevin pointed to the nurse, still lurking at the desk. “How could you let him take her? Or are you part of his sick plans? Maybe you like helping him find victims.” 
Grammercy held him back. “We’ll let the detectives deal with her later. Right now we have more pressing issues to consider.”
“Are you going to the Ryder Building?” Frank asked Grammercy.
“Yes.”
“We’re coming with you.” 
Grammercy stared first at Frank, then at Kevin. “This is a police investigation.” He shook a finger. “You can’t interfere.” 
“We’ll stay behind the perimeter,” Frank told him.
Grammercy scowled and headed for the exit with Frank and Kevin following.
Grammercy got into his car and pulled away. Kevin jumped into Frank’s car and leaned forward in the passenger seat. “He’s going to get away.”
“Relax. We know where he’s going,” Frank said.
Kevin closed his eyes, took a deep breath and sat back as Frank veered out of his parking spot. 
“This is going to be one hell of a story when it breaks,” Frank said. He glanced at Kevin. “And you’re right in the middle of it. The piece you wrote was good. AP picked it up. You trying to steal my beat?” He shot a smile at Kevin. “Seriously, I’d bet the AP offers you a stringer job if you want it. They even gave you a byline.”
“That’s because I didn’t name my source. Right now, I don’t care about the story unless it has a happy ending.” Kevin wiped his face with his hands. “Doesn’t it get to you? Digging up stories on bad people?”
“I know you think you’re missing out on the big time, the meaty stories, but most of it is misdemeanors with a few felonies thrown in.” He shot Kevin another glance. “Those other girls who died? Yes, their deaths were suspicious, but they all looked accidental. This is the first legitimate homicide case I’ve seen in years. In case you don’t read my column, I write about city council stuff. Something interesting shows up on the police blotter every now and then and I remind people to lock their doors at night, but being a beat writer in Edgarville isn’t as interesting as you think.” Frank slowed as they neared the abandoned building. 
“They ever offer you a stringer job?” Kevin asked. 
Frank shrugged. “I’m happy where I am. There was a time I wanted to chase all the breaking news, travel to third world countries and report on wars. Then I got married. Had a couple of kids. But you, nothing holding you down. Not that my family holds me back, more like my priorities have changed.” He came to a stop and parked.
Barricades blocked the street with three police cars positioned at the intersections. Three men wearing SWAT flak vests huddled beside one of the cars.
Grammercy stepped out of his car and signaled for Kevin and Frank to remain in their car. He peered upward at the condemned building and approached the SWAT group. He pointed to another car parked on the street, then at Kevin. 
One of the SWAT men approached Frank’s car. Kevin opened his door, but the man motioned for him to stay inside. 
A voice squawked from the radio on the man’s chest. “I’ve got eyes on him. Confirming one hostage. Fourth floor. Looking a little Reno 911, if you get my drift.”
The man stopped and looked toward the roof of the building across the street. Kevin followed his glance and saw a sniper. 
Two uniformed officers crept close to the outside walls and disappeared into the Ryder building. Two more posted themselves on either side of the entrance.
“Stand by,” said a tinny voice on the radio.
“Mr. McCormick?” the man in the flak vest asked.
“Yeah.”
He held out an evidence bag. “Can you identify this?”
Amy’s necklace. Kevin’s heart lurched. “I gave it to her this morning. Where did you find it?” 
“On the sidewalk in front of the building.”
“That means she’s in there.” Kevin made a move to get out of the car, but the SWAT agent pushed him back with a hand to the shoulder.
Grammercy stood behind the SWAT man. “Clever woman. This is one souvenir Baldwin isn’t going to get.” 
“Eagle Eye, report,” the SWAT man said into his radio.
“I have the subject in my sights. He’s pacing the room. I don’t see a weapon. Waiting for your go.”
“Stand by. Report any aggression.”
“10-4.”
The disembodied reports sent a shiver up Kevin’s spine. He made another attempt to get out of the car. He had to get to Amy. Inspector Grammercy pushed him back this time.
“You two need to stay put,” he said. “You’re here as observers. No heroics. No vigilantes. Got it?” 
“But Amy…”
“Target is exiting the room,” the voice that belonged to Eagle Eye reported.
“Alpha 1?” the SWAT man asked.
Another voice reported on the radio. “We’re heading for the entrance. Maddox is shadowing.”
The two policemen flanking the entrance drew their guns, backs against the wall. 
~ ~ ~
Of all the responses Amy might have had to the situation, the urge to laugh wasn’t one she’d expected. The sight of Detective Baldwin in his police uniform—with bike shorts—invoked a barely contained giggle. Maybe she was experiencing a side effect of the drug the nurse had given her.
Baldwin was a killer, and he’d set his sights on her. She’d do well not to provoke him.
He circled her, repeatedly slapping his nightstick against his palm. Amy winced, waiting for one of those slaps to land on the back of her head instead of his hand. 
“There’s something different about you,” he said, his voice laced with irritation. 
Baldwin’s bike shorts didn’t hide much, and he didn’t appear to be aroused. Did he need her to be afraid before he could rape her? “Different than what?” she asked.
“I may have misjudged you,” he said. “Doesn’t matter. I can’t have any loose ends. How about you tell me how you knew Mary McCormick?”
“I didn’t know her.”
Baldwin was behind her in an instant. He grabbed hold of her hair and yanked her head back. “Don’t lie to me,” he roared. He leaned over her and licked the side of her face, then bit her ear hard enough she wondered if he’d drawn blood.
He jerked her head back once more. “Where is it?” 
“Where is what?”
He tore the front of her blouse open. “The necklace you were wearing.”
“It must have fallen off.”
Baldwin drove a fist into her midsection. For a moment, Amy couldn’t breathe. She doubled over and coughed as her eyes welled with tears. Dark spots clouded her vision.
Baldwin trailed his nightstick down her arm and inside her torn blouse, gently, and then brutishly pushed her away. The chain tugged at her wrist.
“You know too much,” he snarled. He raised the nightstick and it came crashing between her shoulder blades, once again knocking the air out of Amy’s lungs.
“Who else knows about Mary?” he asked, his voice deceptively calm.
She struggled to speak, short of breath. “And Cindy and Wendy?” 
A moment of fear crossed his face before the rage returned and he punished her with a right hook to the side of her face. “And how do you know about them?”
Dizzy, Amy tasted blood. “Mary told me. After you killed her.”
Baldwin took a step back. “What do you mean, after I killed her?”
“Sometimes the dead don’t rest in peace,” she told him. She glared at him while she rubbed her throbbing cheek. “She told me you stole her ring. Is that why you’re so angry about my necklace? You wanted another souvenir to remember the kill with?”
“How could you…?” 
And then she smiled. He thought he’d gotten away with murder, that nobody knew his secret. Leave it to a dead girl to expose him.
And then he grabbed her by the hair again. “Yeah, you’re different, all right, but you’re still a bitch. You might not be a virgin, but you’re still a slut, aren’t you? You still want a man in uniform inside you, don’t you?” 
She had to keep her cool. He’d been unsettled when she told him the dead girls spoke to her. Could she hold him off until Kevin found her?
Would Kevin find her?
Amy took a deep breath and drew on Mrs. Sumner’s strong spirit to help her through. She swallowed back the grief for her friend and then played her part. “You know how I know?” she asked. “Because I’m a fortune teller. A witch. You know what happens if you defile a witch?” She eyed his briefs—still nothing poking up inside them. “You’ll shrink and shrivel and never be able to use it again. Those dead girls? They want their revenge.”
“You’re lying,” he said, less sure of himself.
Amy closed her eyes and gave him her last ace. “That box you save the souvenirs in, the one in the bookcase? It’s not hidden anymore. Your secret’s out.” At least she hoped so.
“You’re bluffing.” Baldwin backed up to the balcony, slid the door open and stood to one side. He gave Amy a wary glance before he peered out and uttered an epithet.
Did that mean someone was out there? Hope buoyed her courage. “Now what are you going to do?” she asked.
“You’re just like Eva,” he said in a low voice. “But I learn from my mistakes. I let her get away, but you won’t be so lucky. If I can’t have you, no one can.” He disappeared into the connecting room once more and returned with his gun. 

Chapter XXIX
He was ready to put his hand out in friendship to all
Amy tore her attention from Baldwin to the movement behind him. A man appeared in the doorframe, gun in hand.
“Let her go, Jake,” the man said.
Baldwin wheeled around, hands raised in a defensive posture. “We’re just having fun, here. A little role playing.”
“Then why don’t you unchain her and we’ll see what she has to say.” 
A second man in a SWAT jacket stepped into the room, his gun also aimed at Baldwin as he crossed toward Amy. Baldwin backed away, hands in the air.
“This is all a misunderstanding,” Baldwin said.
“That true, ma’am?” the second man asked.
“He kidnapped me,” she said. “And threatened to kill me. Among other things.”
“Key,” the second man said and held out a hand to Baldwin.
Baldwin shook his head and backed away, toward the open balcony. He leveled his gun on Amy once more. “Not real bullets. It’s all a game. Right Amy?”
A crack split the air and Baldwin’s arm jerked with a spray of blood. His reflexes squeezed off an errant shot before he dropped the gun, reached for the balcony railing and tumbled over.
Apartment 404. They were four stories up. Even if the shot hadn’t killed him, no way he survived a fall that high up. Mary had died from the same fall. Amy turned her head, and winced. 
“Hostage secured,” the SWAT agent said into a walkie talkie at his collar.
The first policeman produced his key ring, unlocked Amy’s handcuffs and helped her to her feet. Her knees buckled with the earthquake that shook her body. 
A female officer wrapped a blanket across her shoulders. “I’m Detective Morgan. We’ve got you. You’re safe now,” she told Amy.
Amy nodded, her teeth clenched to keep from chattering.
Detective Morgan guided her down the staircase, one arm wrapped firmly around both of Amy’s shoulders. Moments later, they emerged from the building, where Amy gulped the fresh air.
Kevin pushed past a barricade of wooden horses and reached for her, tears in his eyes. “Thank God,” he cried. 
Detective Morgan held up a hand to stop him. “We need to preserve any physical evidence she may be carrying. Until we can secure her person, I’m afraid I’m going to have to ask you to step aside. Miss Benson, do you need medical attention?”
“No.” Amy said. “I don’t think so.” She looked at Kevin. “I’m okay.”
“I’m going to ask the paramedics to check you out anyway.” Detective Morgan steered Amy past Kevin, who’d tucked his hands under his armpits. She lowered her voice. “Can you tell me what he did to you?” 
“That nurse drugged me.” Amy straightened her arm to show the detective the bruise on her arm. “At the hospital. I woke up in the car and then he carried me up here.” She rubbed her cheek again. “Aside from beating me up, I don’t think he did any more damage. He never got the chance to rape me.” Amy blew out a steadying breath and managed a smile. “He was angry when I conveniently lost my necklace. Did you guys find it?”
Detective Morgan returned her smile. “Yes, we did. We’re going to take you to the hospital to have you checked out.”
“No,” Amy said. “His sister. She’s the nurse who drugged me.”
The SWAT agent behind them relayed what Amy said and got a “copy that” from his walkie talkie. “Alerting hospital security.” Then a squawk. 
“There. You hear that?” Morgan said. “She’ll be gone before we get there.”
~ ~ ~
Kevin texted Kathleen and Liam, then called his mother. A return text from Kathleen told him she’d finished making her statement and would wait for Kevin with “Brutus” at the police station.
“I’m headed to the police station to get quotes for my article,” Frank said. “I can take you.”
Kevin nodded. He’d failed to protect his baby sister, and now he’d failed to protect Amy. He needed to see Kathleen to make sure he hadn’t failed her, as well.
Inspector Grammercy met them in the lobby and nodded at Frank. “I appreciate your help tying together the clues. You, too,” he added, looking at Kevin. “If your source is willing to talk now that she’s out of danger, we’ll close the file on Jake Baldwin.”
“I think you’ll have to make do with Amy’s statement,” Kevin said. “My other source has gone underground.” His heart grew heavy at the thought of Mary, lying in her grave. At least she had her justice. Maybe she could rest in peace now. “I understand my sister, Kathleen, is here. Can I see her?”
“As soon as they finish taking her statement. You might as well have a seat. It might be a while.” He nodded at the dispatcher and she buzzed him through to the secure part of the station.
“Should make for a great story,” Frank said, slapping Kevin on the back. “This one’s yours. Might as well get the hometown glory before you take off for parts unknown and make your name in the journalism world.”
“I think I’ll stick to being a feature writer.” Kevin smiled. “You get to see the best in people and write about happy things.”
Frank nodded. “I’m going to step outside to call the paper. Phone in the update on our exclusive. Text me when you’re ready to go?”
Kevin shook his hand. “Thanks.” He took a seat on a long wooden bench, bowed his head and clasped his hands between his knees. 
He should have stayed with Amy at Mrs. Sumner’s. Then she wouldn’t have gotten hurt—or worse. What if they hadn’t gotten to her in time? 
Her face. The bruises were still red spots, but the swelling had started. Baldwin’s handiwork, no doubt. What kind of maniac abused a woman like that? Kevin knew the answer. His father had provided a perfect example.  
A hand landed on his shoulder. “It’s that happy I am to see you,” his mother said, her voice choked.
Kevin rose to his feet and hugged her. “I’m so sorry, Ma.”
“Sorry? And for what?”
“I should have been there. When Mary died.” Fresh tears welled in his eyes.
His mother smiled at him and smoothed the hair off his forehead. “You would have trusted Mick, same as me. And why wouldn’t you? You being there wouldn’t have changed what happened. God works in mysterious ways. While I’d wish to have our Mary back with us, I’m sure He had need of her.” She turned to look over her shoulder and Kevin followed her glance.
Siobhan had changed since the last time he’d seen her. Her suede jacket hung open to mid-thigh over her jeans and revealed a plain brown sweater beneath. Her copper hair was shorter than he remembered. It touched her shoulders in waves brushed away from her face, a more sophisticated look than the ponytails she used to wear. Would she blame him? For Mary’s death? And Mick’s? For the danger that encircled his family over the past week?
“I was worried when you didn’t call,” she said quietly.
He nodded, swallowing hard.
Tears streamed down her face and she held out her arms. Kevin stepped into her embrace. All the years growing up, she had been beside him. A short twelve months apart in age, he’d always been closer to her than the rest of his siblings.
“Did you know Siobhan’s a nurse, now?” Ma said, wiping tears from her own face. “Of course you do, considering the two of you have kept in touch all this time. You might have let me know.”
“I wanted to tell you in my own time,” Siobhan said, not taking her eyes from Kevin. “It’s so good to see you. Alive.”
“Likewise,” he said with a chuckle. “Have you made your peace then?” He nodded at Ma.
“We’ve lost enough family,” Siobhan said. “It’s time to appreciate those we have left.”
The security door that separated the policemen from the civilians opened. Kathleen appeared, looking over her shoulder as she flipped her hair. She stopped with a jerk, nearly causing a collision with the man who followed her.
“Ma,” she said. Her cheeks flowered with a blush. She spared another glance at the man behind her before she hugged Ma.
“Saints preserve us,” his mother muttered. “You’re all right, then? And Liam?”
Kathleen met Kevin’s glance. “He’s fine. We’re all fine.” She hugged Siobhan. “It’s good to see you.”
“You should have said something,” Kevin told Kathleen. “About the night Mary died.”
“It was an accident.” Kathleen’s voice carried a defensive tone. “Or at least I thought it was. I mean, I knew about the date. And I knew Mick helped her sneak out.” She looked quickly to her mother. “I’m sorry, Ma. She was afraid you’d say no, so Mick gave her an alibi.”
“And now that you’re a bit older you’ll understand why I would have said no,” Ma replied.
“She wanted a boyfriend. When this guy asked her out she felt pretty and desired and excited that someone would notice her. Mary never considered he might hurt her. He was a policeman, and Mick knew him. How could she know?”
“She was seventeen,” Ma said. “And how old is this friend of Mick’s? He must be at least Kevin’s age. Men of that age shouldn’t be looking at high school girls. Surely you can see that.”
Kathleen’s eyes welled with tears. “I never considered she might be in danger with a policeman. She needed to tell someone, so she told me, and then we all believed her death was an accident.”
Ma put her arms around Kathleen. “You were being a sister to her, I understand.” She held her at arm’s length. “I hope this helps you to use the sense the good Lord has given to you. There are reasons why I’m as hard as I am on all of you. Can you not see that?”
“Would you rather Da was still around to beat us into submission?” Siobhan asked.
Kevin sent Siobhan a silencing glare. Now was not the time for old recriminations. 
Kathleen wiped her nose. She turned to Kevin. “I didn’t know.”
“You said he asked you out, too,” Kevin said.
Kathleen nodded. “I told them everything. About how Mick took her to him. About how Jake came on to me. Mick said Jake had a hard time when his old girlfriend got married. I guess she was the reason Jake went to the police academy. According to Mick, Jake figured he’d win her over since—and this is a quote—women can’t resist a man in uniform, except she’d moved on. Mick said when Jake’s girlfriend dumped him, he sort of snapped.”
Kevin shook his head. “So Mick pimped out his cousins?”
Kathleen cast another glance at the man behind her. He was tall and thin with broad shoulders. Wide receiver build. His dark hair was cut short. Kevin studied the patch that identified him as campus police, the name badge that read Weber. “And who are you?” Kevin asked.
“Brutus,” Kathleen said with a scowl. “You can go now,” she told the officer. “I’ll find another ride back to campus.”
Weber narrowed his eyes. “Russ Weber. Campus police.” He stepped forward to shake Kevin’s hand. “You’re her brother?”
While Kevin shook Weber’s hand, Kathleen raised her eyebrows, sending secret messages to Weber. Weber grinned in response. “Glad I could help to keep your sister safe. I’d be happy to accompany her back to the university, since I’m going there myself anyway.”
Kathleen’s cheeks reddened. “I already told you that wouldn’t be necessary.”
Whatever was going on between them, Kevin decided to bail her out. “I’ll take her back. Thanks for watching over her.”
Weber frowned, nodded and excused himself.
Ma stepped beside Kevin. “And your little mouse? Amy?”
Kevin rubbed his forehead and grimaced. “She’s at the hospital. The cavalry arrived in time, but not before Baldwin roughed her up.” He didn’t want to think about Amy’s lovely face, bruised and battered. “C’mon, Kath. Let’s go.” And then he remembered he didn’t have his car. “Weber!” he called after the campus officer.
Weber stopped in the doorway.
“My mistake. Can you drive her back? I don’t have my car.”
Weber’s eyes went to Kathleen and she blushed again. Something was definitely going on there, but Kevin didn’t want to deal with any more today.
“Any time you’re ready,” Weber said.
Kathleen threw her shoulders back and her chin the air. “I guess I’ll see you Friday night.” She hugged Ma and waved to Siobhan on her way out.
Grammercy walked through the security door along with another officer. “Amy’s a smart girl,” he said to Kevin. “Losing the necklace you gave her probably saved her life.”
“Amy lost her necklace?” Ma asked. 
Kevin tugged at his collar as heat rose to his neck. “On purpose. They recovered it.” 
“And how did that save her life?” Ma asked Grammercy.
“The man who kidnapped her took jewelry from his victims.” Grammercy strode past Kevin. “Mrs. McCormick?”
“I am,” Ma replied.
Grammercy nodded to the officer who stood by. The officer produced a plastic bag, tagged with Mary’s name. 
“Ma’am, do you recognize this ring?” the officer asked.
Ma’s eyes filled with tears. She grabbed onto Kevin for support. “It looks like Mary’s ring.”
“Does it have any identifying marks?” Grammercy asked.
“Can’t you check it for DNA?” Kevin asked.
“Not enough surface to test.”
“It’s engraved,” Kevin said. “Inside the band. It says ‘teaghlach.’”
The officer’s eyes widened. “Excuse me?”
“It’s Irish. Gaelic. For family.” He squeezed his mother’s hand. 
The officer held up the bag and tilted the ring to see inside the band. “T…e….a….g….” he looked up, “is that the word you said?”
Ma choked back a sob. “Aye.”
“And the other souvenirs?” Kevin asked.
Grammercy frowned. “Let us do our job, Mr. McCormick. Why don’t you go home. Relax. I’m sure this past week has been trying for you.”
“We can drop you,” Siobhan said. “I drove Ma over.”
“Yeah,” Kevin said with a sigh. “I need a shower and fresh clothes.”
“And then I expect you’ll be wanting to go the hospital,” Ma suggested. “To see Amy?”
No. He couldn’t face Amy. He’d let her down, in more ways than one, but to his mother he simply said, “Maybe later.” 


Chapter XXX
Transplanted
“And what’s this pill for?” Amy asked as the nurse handed her another paper cup.
“It’s called a morning after pill,” the nurse explained.
Amy pushed the cup away. “I already told you. He didn’t rape me.”
“Then there’s no harm taking the pill.”
“Unless I’m already pregnant.” She eyed the nurse sharply.
“Is there a chance you could be?” the nurse asked.
Amy’s heart stuttered. “I don’t know.”
The nurse scowled and left the ER cubicle. With the pill. And just in time. Amy’s mother rushed into the room.
“Oh, baby. Are you okay?”
Amy nodded.
“Your face. Oh, your beautiful face. And Kevin? Is he okay?”
Again Amy nodded. “I saw him when the police found me, but they wouldn’t let anyone close to me. Is he here? Is he waiting with you?”
Amy’s mother blinked several times, then pursed her lips. “No, honey. Just your dad and your brothers and me.”
On cue, the male contingent of her family walked into her room and surrounded her bed. Garth took her hand. “I have a few choice words for your boyfriend. He promised to take care of you.”
“And he did,” Amy told him. “Our luck ran out. Mrs. Sumner…” her voice caught. Amy closed her eyes to compose herself. “She was very ill, and she took a turn. Kevin took evidence to the police, and while he was gone… that’s when Baldwin found me.” She took a deep breath. “Mrs. Sumner died this morning.” 
She picked up her cell phone for the hundredth time. Kevin’s last text had asked if she was at the hospital, but that was before they’d found her at the Ryder Building. Amy shuddered, trying to block out the horror of the past several hours. Kevin had been there when they brought her out. He knew where she was. So why wasn’t he here? 
The ordeal was over. Was this the end of her relationship with Kevin? Is that why he hadn’t come to the hospital to see her? She couldn’t be surprised if she’d scared another one off. Tears spilled down her cheeks and her mother’s arms wrapped around her. 
Morning after pill. No, if a child had been conceived during her nights with Kevin, she’d treasure it, a reminder she’d survived, and once upon a time, someone had loved her, even if it was only for a couple of days.
~ ~ ~
A knock on his apartment door interrupted Kevin from the article he was writing. He pushed away from his dining room table and opened the door to Siobhan.
“Mind if I come in?” she asked.
Kevin left the door open and walked away.
“Don’t mind if I do,” she said half to herself, stepping inside and closing the door. “Look, I know you’ve been through a rough week, but Ma’s worried about you.”
“Ma’s worried about me?” he asked. Kevin ran a hand through his hair. “And she sent you. The daughter she hasn’t seen for ten years, to check on me? Or are you two already at each other’s throats and she kicked you out of the house?”
Siobhan blinked a couple of times. “Well, maybe, but in the end, we’re all family. Right?”
“We were, until you decided you didn’t want to be anymore.” He huffed. Kevin knew he sounded like a jerk, but things were different. He was different. In all the years Siobhan had been gone, he’d been the only member of the family she had spoken to, and now, standing in front of him, she seemed like a stranger.
“You were the one who told me I should come home. Every week,” she reminded him. “It took losing you—almost losing you—to accomplish that.”
“What about us? The rest of the family? We lost you. And then we lost Mary…” his voice gave out and he dropped into his chair at the table. “And then Mick.”
“I should have come home sooner.”
He glared at her. “Ya think?”
Her eyes sparked and she folded her arms. “Yeah, well, it wasn’t so easy being the prodigal daughter, you know. I took a stand for something I believed in and the ground crumbled beneath my feet. You think I wanted to come home and tell everyone what a failure I was? How I’d gone off to chase my dreams with my happily ever after only to have him dump me? I couldn’t come home until I’d made something of myself.”
“You can always come home.”
Siobhan shook her head. “No. Not after the way I left. Especially not after Da walked out. I said some horrible things to Ma.”
“You were entitled to a life.”
Siobhan pulled out a chair and slouched into it. “So are you. I left you with a big burden.”
Kevin shrugged. “Nothing I wasn’t prepared to take on.”
“But you’re entitled to your own life, too.” She managed a smile. “At the police station you said you bought that girl a necklace. She’s your girlfriend?”
“I suck at relationships.” Kevin cradled his head in his hands. “I’m a little messed up at the moment. I’m not sure how to answer that question.”
“Seems pretty easy. You like her? Have you been dating her?”
But his feelings for Amy weren’t that easy. He thought he knew what he wanted. Thought he knew how he felt, but in retrospect, what happened between them didn’t seem real. Kevin met Siobhan’s gaze. “Do you believe in ghosts?”
Her eyes fixed on his, searching his soul the way she used to when they were kids. “You got anything to drink around here?” she asked.
“Avoiding the question?” he challenged.
“I’ll answer it. But I need something to drink first.”
“Lemonade?”
“Beer?”
Kevin snorted. “Booze? Really?”
Siobhan raised her eyebrows. “One drink doesn’t make you an alcoholic. I’ve seen my share of them in the ER.”
“Scotch,” he told her.
“That’ll work.”
He stared at her a moment longer, then went to the cabinet over the stove and retrieved the bottle along with two shot glasses. He poured them each a splash and then toasted her. “To Da.”
The scotch burned his throat the same way it had the night Mary died. Kevin coughed and sputtered, but Siobhan thumped her glass on the table. 
“I think the question, dear brother, is do you believe in ghosts?” she said. “And, pray tell, how does this relate to your girlfriend?”
He’d hoped for a reasonable answer. Something they could discuss without him telling her what an idiot he felt like. Kevin poured them each a second shot. 
Siobhan lifted her glass. “Slainte,” she said, and clinked her glass against his.
The liquid burned on the way down, but instead of coughing, Kevin cleared his throat this time. “See here’s the thing,” he started. “I didn’t used to believe in ghosts, but then Amy said she heard Mary. And then she saw Mary.” He unplugged his flash drive and waved it in his fist. He fought to find the words to explain about the séance, but he couldn’t. Images of Mrs. Sumner looking witch-like were interspersed with the frightened look in Amy’s eyes. Mary’s eyes.
“No, it’s better if you hear this,” he said. He plugged his flash drive back in and played the voices Dexter had separated.
“But that’s Mick. And Mary,” Siobhan said. “When?”
“The other night.”
To her credit, Siobhan didn’t look shocked or amazed. Instead, she picked up the bottle and poured one more round. “To Mary and Mick,” she said, raising her glass.
Kevin winced as the liquid slid down his throat this time, and then he pushed the glass away. “No more.”
“Your recording would indicate you have proof that ghosts do exist, unless someone spoofed you. I guess I have your answer, now let me give you mine.” Siobhan leaned across the table toward him. “No.” She slapped the table, giggled, and then sat upright again.
“No?”
“I’m a nurse, Kev. I see people die sometimes, and I’ve never once seen the white light or a mysterious orb floating toward the ceiling.”
Through the fuzz that crowded around his brain, Kevin told her how he met Amy, about what she’d said about Mary and how he’d announced Mary’s call for justice at Friday dinner with the family, only to discover Mick—a man as close to him as his own brother—had unleashed a killer. And because the scotch had apparently loosened his tongue, he told her about the ghosts in Mrs. Sumner’s house, how he’d been “absent” during his first sexual encounter, and finally. he told Siobhan about the séance.
“So you didn’t want to do it?” Siobhan asked, her tongue thick. “Have sex? Sounds a little like rape, little brother.”
“Oh, no. I wanted to. Amy’s sweet, and pretty, and smart, and sexy. Did I say smart?” He was having trouble remembering exactly what he’d said. Kevin shook his head. “You should see the way she cares about people. She’s going to be the mother of my children.” Kevin shook his head again. “Wait. That’s not right.”
“Why not?”
He leaned on the table and spoke across the back of his hand. “Her brothers are going to flatten me. I promised to return her exactly how I found her.” He shook a finger at Siobhan. “If someone would have run off with you and had sex with you, without even meaning to, I’d punch their lights out.”
Siobhan held up her hands. “You have no business interfering with my sex life. And neither do Amy’s brothers.”
“She’s so beautiful.”
“Then why didn’t you go to the hospital with her? Why aren’t you with her right now?” 
Once more Kevin shook his head. “It’s my fault the killer got to her.” Tears welled in his eyes and his throat grew thick. “You should have seen her face when they brought her out, all black and blue. I was supposed to protect her. The front line was counting on me.”
“Front line?”
“Her brothers. Big football players if I had to guess. Linemen.”
Siobhan nodded. “I see. But you did protect her, didn’t you? And you’re the one who took the evidence to the police.”
“No. I mean yes, but I suck.” Why couldn’t he think straight? Oh, yeah, the bottle of scotch. He picked it up, carried it to the kitchen and threw it into the sink where the bottle broke into a million shimmering pieces.
“What’d you do that for?” Siobhan asked.
“Who’m I kidding?” Kevin muttered. “I can’t keep her safe. What if I turn into Da when I have kids? What if I start coming home drunk every night and scare the hell out of my own children?”
Siobhan rested a hand on his back. “You broke that bottle.”
“Yeah?”
She smiled at him. “If you were like Da, you would have guzzled the scotch down. No sense wasting good liquor, eh?”
Kevin wrapped his arms around his sister and laid his head on her shoulder. “Ah, Shevy. I missed you. What are we to do? He’s left us a crappy legacy.”
“Which we can overcome.” She stood back and held out her arms. “Look at me. Would you have believed I’d be able to stand on my own two feet? The same girl who left home the day after high school graduation to move to Virginia with her boyfriend’s family? Talk about a mistake, and I’m doing okay.”
He shook a finger at her. “You’re a bad influence. I’m drunk, aren’t I?”
She pinched her thumb and forefinger together. “A little.”
He scoffed. “I don’t even like the taste of it.”
“There you go. One less worry about being an alcoholic. It would be a lot harder if you liked the drink.”
He walked into the living room and lay down on the couch, one foot on the floor to keep the room from spinning and one arm over his forehead. “Shevy, you’re not going away again, are you?”
“I have a life in Virginia,” she said. “A job.”
“But you can be a nurse anywhere.”
“Yeah, but I have a job,” she repeated.
He peeked through one eye. “And you’re always telling me you work 24/7. That you don’t have a life. You have a life here. With your family.”
“Kevin,” she said, a tone of warning in her voice. 
“Siobhan,” he repeated back to her. “C’mon. Teaglach.”
She dropped into the recliner across from him and huffed. “Just so you know, I’m sleeping here tonight. I can’t drive like this.”
“Your fault. You got me drunk.” Kevin giggled. “Oh, wait. I’m already home. I don’t have to drive.”
She yawned. “And tomorrow you’re going to apologize to your girlfriend for not checking on her in the hospital. If she’s going to have your babies, you’d better marry her. Ma would insist on it.”
“Aw, Shev. I ruined her. We did it all wrong. What if she’s already pregnant?”
“Then I’d say you didn’t do it wrong.”
When next he opened his eyes, the sun blinded him. He squinted at the recliner, where Siobhan was curled into a ball, the footrest up but her feet tucked beneath her.
Kevin sat on the edge of the sofa, gripping the cushions beneath his legs and bending over, trying to decide what to do next. He had a mild headache and his eyes burned.
When had Siobhan gotten so smart? But she was wrong about this. He didn’t know how to make a relationship work. He’d let Amy down in the worst way. He should have stayed with her instead of going to the recording studio. He’d uploaded the recording to Dexter, he didn’t have to take him the flash drive. And, as it turned out, his meeting with Internal Affairs had been the reason Baldwin found them in the first place. What if Baldwin had killed her? 
He’d promised to protect Amy, and he’d failed. How was he supposed to face her? For that matter, he’d let his family down. He’d promised Siobhan he’d protect their siblings. Now Mary was dead, and Mick.
“Hey,” Siobhan said mid-yawn. She stretched her arms over her head. “Most I’ve slept in years.”
“You need to move back home,” he said. “I suck at this taking care of everybody thing.”
She rolled her eyes. “Not this again.” She pushed to her feet and went through a series of twists and turns accompanied by popping joints. “Listen. They’re all grown up now. They don’t need anyone to take care of them anymore. Is that what this is about? That promise I made you give me when I left?”
He turned away.
“Kevin, we were kids. Threatened kids. Even Mary stood up to Da in the end. That should have been your sign we were all strong enough to survive. If Ma…”
Kevin shook a finger at her. “Don’t start on Ma. She had the five of us, and Mick, to raise with little help from the man who sired us in addition to fighting her own battles with him.”
“Let me finish?” she asked, raising her eyebrows.
Kevin dropped back to the couch.
“If Ma hadn’t been the woman she is, we might not have survived. We wouldn’t have learned to take care of ourselves and overcome the bad parts. I know I’ve always said she should have kept him away from us, should have left him, but in talking with her yesterday, I realize she bore more than any of us knew, including taking on someone else’s son.” She stopped and pointed a finger. “And there’s a comparison for you to draw on. Mick was never beaten. His Da disappeared and his mother moved away, using the excuse of distance not to visit, not to see him. Abandoned the way he was, no wonder trouble always found him. But even Mick, even though he wasn’t her own blood, Ma kept him as straight as she could.”
“But in the end, it wasn’t enough, was it?” Kevin said bitterly. “Trouble found him.”
“And you’re taking the blame for that, as well?” she asked.
Kevin’s eyes stung and his breath felt trapped. “He died in my arms. I could have done things differently. He tried to tell me before, but I got mad and wouldn’t listen.”
“So who are you? Superman?” she asked.
Kevin laughed. 
His phone buzzed on the dining room table and he crossed the room to pick it up. A text from Amy. Two words. Not pregnant. Kevin laughed again, except the laughter turned into sobs.

Chapter XXXI
I was somebody.
Who, is no business 
of yours
Giving Siobhan a key to Kevin’s apartment had been a mistake. She’d asked for it so she had a place to “get out from under Ma’s feet,” but in the week she’d been home, she spent more time at his apartment than she did at Ma’s.
He set his groceries on the kitchen counter and tossed an orange to her in the recliner and she snagged it out of the air. 
“With all those hours you work, you can’t afford a hotel?” Kevin asked. “How long are you planning to stay? I thought you said you had a life in Virginia.”
“I took a leave of absence to come here. They told me to take all the time I need. Ma and I still have issues to work out.” 
“So do we,” he said, pointing between himself and Siobhan. He took a seat on the couch opposite her and she tossed the orange back at him. “The family’s fine. I don’t want to keep you from your regularly scheduled life.” He tossed the orange back.
“Maybe I need a break from my regularly scheduled life, and you’re not fine, Kevin. What are you going to do about Amy?”
He cringed under his sister’s scrutiny. “I don’t know.”
“So now you’re going to be one of those love ‘em and leave ‘em types? Take advantage of a situation and lose her phone number?” She leaned toward him her eyes flashing. Had someone taken advantage of Siobhan?
“We were pushed together under extraordinary circumstances. Neither of us was thinking clearly.” He held out his cell phone. “And my phone isn’t ringing, either.”
“So you’re going to blame it all on haunted houses and ghosts forcing you to do something you didn’t want to do.”
“I didn’t say that.”
“Spill. What’s going on?”
Kevin rolled his eyes and turned away. The orange hit him in the chest. “We only spent a few days together,” he said as he bent down to pick it up. “How can you base a lifetime commitment on an adrenalin rush?”
“Who says it has to be a lifetime commitment? But you obviously feel something for her. Why else would you be so miserable without her?”
“Maybe because people keep dying left and right. Maybe because beliefs I once held to be true aren’t necessarily true. Maybe because I have a pesky sister invading my space.” He threw the orange back at her with more force than was necessary, but she cradled it as she caught it.
“You don’t want orange juice all over your wall.” She set the fruit on the end table and leaned over her knees. “Have you even talked to her since your ordeal ended? Amy?”
He shook his head.
“You should at least find out how she is. Human empathy, even if you want to forget the fact you fell in love with her. If she were anyone else, you’d call, wouldn’t you?”
Pictures flashed through his head. The last time he’d seen Mary before he left for the weekend. Would she have died if he’d stayed home? Mick, dying in his arms. If he’d stayed at the bar with him, could he have gone to the police sooner? Saved Mick’s life? And what about when he found out Mrs. Sumner was dying? He’d left her alone with Amy, which ultimately led to Baldwin finding Amy. 
Kevin closed his eyes and rested his head against the back of the couch. Amy. He’d failed miserably. How could he expect her to trust him after what happened? And if he did marry her, how could he protect their family? 
“Kevin?” Siobhan touched his shoulder, standing in front of him. “Why are you beating yourself up when you could be living happily ever after?”
He chuckled. “So now we’re living in a Christmas movie?”
“You never answered my question. If she were anyone else…”
“Yes,” he said. “I’d call to check on her.”
“And you’re not calling Amy because…?”
“I don’t know what to say.”
She smiled at him. “Always playing by the rules. Life has to be just so for you, doesn’t it? When things don’t happen the way they’re supposed to, you don’t know how to respond. Off script means chaos.”
“That’s why I played football. It gave me a way to control the chaos.” He smiled. She wasn’t all wrong, but that didn’t make her right, either.
“You can’t control the chaos. I see chaos in the ER every single day. Life doesn’t follow a script.” She settled back into the recliner across from him. “Tell you what. You call Amy. Find out how she’s doing and I’ll go away. I’ll stay at Ma’s or go back to Virginia or find my own place.”
He arched an eyebrow. “Find your own place? You thinking about staying?”
She wagged a finger at him. “No changing the subject. We’ll talk about me after we get you straightened out.”
He laughed. “Yeah, I’m going to hold you to that.” He glanced at the clock. “But not right now. Mrs. Sumner’s memorial service is today and I think I should go. She didn’t have a lot of family, and as odd as she was, she did help me when I was in trouble. Want to go with?”
“No wonder Amy isn’t calling you. Aren’t you the fun date?” Siobhan grinned. “I would, but I have an interview.”
“Job interview? Then you are thinking about staying?”
She wriggled in the chair, screwed her face into a half grimace. “There are days I miss bossing my little brother around. I’m keeping my options open.”
~ ~ ~
Amy waited beside the chapel in the cemetery. Local business owners had come to pay their last respects to Lily Sumner, one of their own. Some stopped to gossip with Amy about the person who’d bought the florist business after she’d sold, but no one seemed to know much about Mrs. Sumner personally.
And then Melinda arrived, draped in an open wool coat that showed a black dress. Even in heels, she was four inches shorter than Amy and as slim as a teenage boy. This was the woman Amy had impersonated? No wonder Melinda’s blouse hadn’t fit her.
“Thank you so much for helping with the arrangements,” Melinda said when Amy introduced herself. 
“She spoke of you fondly.” Amy ushered Melinda into the chapel. 
“I would have done more with her funeral arrangements, but as you can see by the lack of attendance, it wouldn’t have made a difference to the rest of the family,” Melinda said as they took a seat near the front. “My aunt was always kind to me, though. I thought a simple ceremony out here would be best, all things considered. She’d already made her cemetery arrangements, so this seemed the most expedient.”
“I can show you your uncle’s bench, and the plaque your aunt ordered, after the service,” Amy said.
Melinda forced a thin-lipped smile. “You’ve been very helpful. I appreciate it. Did you know my aunt well?”
“Only toward the end. She helped me during a difficult time. She was a special woman.”
“Special,” Melinda repeated. “A little eccentric, you mean?”
Amy chose to ignore the thinly veiled criticism, even if it was true. 
“Can you recommend someone to help me sell the house?” Melinda went on. “Obviously, we have no use for a house here, and to be honest, that’s one of the reasons I haven’t been back.” Melinda leaned over and whispered. “There’s something about her house that almost feels alive. It’s a little spooky.”
Amy nodded. She knew the feeling all too well. “I’m happy to help.”
The minister took his place and the funeral service began. While he spoke, Amy looked around the small room, at the sun streaming through stained glass windows, the maple wood pews, the granite tile on the floor. Mrs. Sumner’s urn was placed on a pedestal front and center—a ceramic urn bearing the relief of an angel and a bronze plaque inscribed with her epitaph. A second plaque had been prepared for Charlie’s bench. 
When someone bent over Amy to offer condolences to Melinda, Amy realized she’d been daydreaming. The service was over. Amy smiled and excused herself, anxious to be outside. 
Wind blew the hem of her dress and Amy wrapped her arms tightly around herself. She crossed the lawn to the cremation niches, where Garth wiped the new plaque on Charlie Sumner’s bench.
“Want to take a look?” he asked.
Amy nodded and stood beside him. Garth put an arm across her shoulders while she read the poem Mrs. Sumner had wanted—the only living epitaph Amy had ever heard. Mrs. Sumner was at peace. Reunited with her husband, the love of her life.
Tears stung her eyes, as much for the loss of a friend as for Mrs. Sumner’s inaccurate prediction that Kevin was the love of Amy’s life. Extraordinary, Mrs. Sumner had said. So why did she still feel like Crazy Amy?
“You okay?” Garth asked.
Amy nodded. “She didn’t have to help us,” she said, and then she smiled at Garth. “She was an extraordinary woman.” 
“So are you, you know.”
She nodded once more. “Yeah. I know, but that isn’t going to keep me warm at night.”
Garth raised his eyebrows. “Something you want to tell me?”
She grinned. “Nope. Not today.”
“Question I’ve been meaning to ask you,” he said. “Did Mary find her justice?”
Amy glanced up the hill, at the oak tree and Mary McCormick’s headstone. “I haven’t been to her grave since I’ve been back to work.”
“Why don’t you go up and pay your respects. I’ll show Mrs. Sumner’s niece the plaque, not that she cares. She seems to be in an awful hurry.”
“Mrs. Sumner was estranged from most of her family. I’m sure Melinda feels uncomfortable having to deal with all the arrangements. No one else even bothered to show up.”
Garth took her by the shoulders and pointed her toward the hill. “If Melinda comes looking for you, I’ll keep her busy for a few minutes. Right now, I think you need to put your ghost to rest.” 
“Funny,” she said over her shoulder. “I’ll be right back.”
Whispers followed her, as soothing as the leaves overhead dancing in the breeze. Amy climbed the hill and stood before Mary’s stone, the definition of silent as the grave. She reached for the stone, but no voice cried out. 
“Rest in peace, Mary McCormick,” Amy said. A small pot of mums sat beside the marker. A gift from one of her siblings? Her mother? 
Kevin?
Amy’s heart stuttered and tears welled in her eyes once more. Kevin had fallen off the face of the earth for all intents and purposes. While his name continued to show up in the Banner Journal articles, he hadn’t reached out to Amy since they’d brought her out of the Ryder Building. Hadn’t responded to her text when she told him she wasn’t pregnant. She’d lost another boyfriend, but what hurt most was that he’d professed to love her. Difficult circumstances, she understood. He wasn’t thinking clearly. She understood that, too. Looking into the face of death has an odd way of changing the rules. He’d had time to come to his senses, and Amy wasn’t part of his future. “What will be, will be,” she said quietly. 
The leaves stirred behind her and Kevin stumbled from behind a tree, as if by thinking about him, she’d conjured him. He glanced over his shoulder, his face a mask of confusion as he straightened his coat. The wind stirred up a column of red maple leaves, creating the illusion of hair, and then a wisp that looked suspiciously like a hand waved, followed by the sound of a young girl giggling.
“Hi,” Kevin said. 
“Hi,” she replied.
He cast a backward glance once more. “I guess I tripped, but I could swear someone pushed me.”
Amy lowered her head and smiled. “Ghosts don’t like it when you hide in the graveyard.”
He raised one eyebrow over those mesmerizing sea green eyes. “Is that what Henry Caldwell tells you when you hide in his mausoleum?”
She’d had the courage to kiss Kevin that day, when they’d hidden from Baldwin inside the crypt. That boldness was gone in the wake of his silence. She didn’t know what to say, how to respond. Crazy Amy had made her reappearance, the woman to be avoided at all costs. 
Kevin took a step closer. “Is she at peace? Mary?”
“Yes.” Amy looked for the cyclone of leaves behind him, but they’d settled to the ground. Mary had said her goodbye, but not before outing her brother, who’d been hiding behind a tree. Another sign Kevin hadn’t wanted to confront Amy. 
“I brought Mary those flowers,” he said pointing to the pot, “on my way to Mrs. Sumner’s funeral.”
“I didn’t see you there,” Amy replied.
“I saw you.”
And he didn’t say hello. Amy closed her eyes and folded her arms.
“I didn’t expect it to hit me so hard,” he went on.
“The funeral?” Amy asked.
He shook his head. “No. Seeing you again.”
Was she that repulsive? Amy drew a shaky breath. “I’m sorry you feel that way.”
“Are you?”
What sort of torture was this? Amy shook her head and turned to walk away.
“Amy,” he called after her.
Her heart was too tender. If he said the words, told her he didn’t want her to her face, she’d break in two.
“Are you okay?” he asked feebly.
No. She was not okay, but how could she tell him that? Would it help to make him feel guilty for not really loving her? No. She wouldn’t feel bad about what happened at Mrs. Sumner’s house. Ghosts or no ghosts, she’d wanted Kevin McCormick, and her wish had been fulfilled. For a few days, she’d felt like every other woman. Loved and desired. If that’s all she got, she’d be thankful for it. 
Amy turned toward him and managed a smile. “The bruises are mostly gone. No ill effects from the drugs.”
“I got your text.”
And there it was. The tie that might have held them together had followed the path of time and tides. Amy hadn’t expected to be pregnant, and the short period of time between when they’d had sex and the onset of her monthly cycle hadn’t given her time to seriously consider the possibility. “I’m sure you’re relieved. Your record is intact, no unplanned pregnancies.”
“Then maybe we should plan one.”
Had she heard him right? She tilted her head. “Excuse me?”
Kevin closed the distance between them. “I failed you, in the worst way. Not only did I lead danger to your door, I took your most precious gift. I’m not sure what kind of father I’ll be, I didn’t have much of an example, and I’m scared to death of bringing children into the world we live in, but seeing you again…” he stopped to take a deep breath. “You take my breath away. Every time I see you. Your courage, your strength, your kindness.”
No. It couldn’t be true. Amy surveyed the cemetery, looking for a ghost playing tricks on them, like Mary, pushing him out of hiding. “And why were you hiding from me?” she asked.
“I’m out of my comfort zone. I like structure and tradition, and our relationship has been anything but structured or traditional. Amy, I’m so sorry…”
She held up a hand. “Do not ever apologize to me.”
“You could have been killed, and it was my fault.”
“And you could have been killed. Should I blame myself for that, too?”
“How could you be to blame?”
“I’m the one who gave you Mary’s epitaph. I’m the one who unleashed the unholy mess.”
“You’re the one who brought her peace.”
Amy smiled. “Together, we brought her peace.” 
“It hurts to see you and not touch you,” he said.
Amy reached for his hand. “Things do seem a bit awkward, but I’m not sure a kiss will fix that this time. I won’t hold you accountable for things that happened under extreme circumstances.”
Kevin rolled his eyes. “Then I must not be expressing myself well. I want to kiss you. I want to make love to you. Amy, I want to marry you and spend the rest of my life with you.”
She dropped his hand, suddenly light headed. 
“I didn’t call you because I was afraid. Afraid you’d hate me for nearly getting you killed. Afraid because I took advantage of you in a vulnerable situation. When I read your text, I didn’t know how to respond. Yes, I was glad you weren’t pregnant, this time, but I want you to have my babies.” He took hold of her arms. “I want you to have my babies. Amy, I love you, as miserable as I am.” 
Could it be true? She laid a hand on his cheek and lost herself in those beautiful eyes. 
“Chocolate,” Garth said behind her.
Amy rolled her eyes and turned to face her brother. “Aren’t you supposed to be showing the plaque to Melinda?”
“Nah, this is more interesting. I figured when I saw him over here you guys could use a push. Beats watching you mope around the monument shop all day. So you going to give him a chance or do you want me to run him off?”
Kevin smirked. “Someone told me you beat up the last guy who kissed Amy.”
Garth eyed him speculatively. “From what I just heard you did a lot more than kiss my sister.” He made a fist with one hand and slammed it into his other hand. “What do you say Ame?”
“You’re asking?” she said. “That’s not the brother I grew up with.”
“That brother has come to accept your judgment. What’ll it be?”
A golf cart carrying her father and Thad veered off the path and headed up the hill. Just what she needed. A bigger audience.
“Everything okay, Amy?” her father asked.
“Fine, Daddy.”
Kevin leaned closer to Amy. “Do you love me?”
“Yeah.” She probably should have played coy instead of giving in to the reflex to respond, but she did love Kevin. Hiding it wouldn’t alter that fact.
He nodded and approached the golf cart. “Mr. Benson, I know this seems sudden, but I know I’ll never find another woman like Amy. I’d like to ask your permission to marry your daughter.”
Amy’s jaw dropped. He was serious!
Her father turned off the ignition and leaned back, gaping at Kevin. “What do you have to say to this?” he asked Amy.
Amy slipped her hand into Kevin’s, smiled and nodded.
Her father cleared his throat, his voice a croak. “I knew I liked this boy.” He swiped at his eyes, got out of the cart and shook Kevin’s hand. “And it is sudden. I’ll offer my consent as long as you give us all a month or so to get used to the idea. Or six months. Or a year…”
Amy laughed. “I’m not going anywhere, Daddy.”
Thad stepped out of the cart and shook Kevin’s hand, probably harder than necessary based on the wince on Kevin’s face.
“And you don’t mind about… well you know, she has that gift…” her father said.
Kevin smiled. “I wouldn’t have her any other way.”

Dear Reader:

Thanks so much for reading this book.  If you enjoyed the story, I hope you will encourage others by “liking” my books on Goodreads.com and everywhere the option is offered, and by posting an honest review to the site where you bought this book and/or at other book blogs/reading sites so you can help other readers decide whether it’s worth their time. Authors like and need to get feedback to make each new book as good as it can be.

—Karla Brandenburg



Please turn this page for an excerpt of 
Epitaph 2: The Twins

Rain hit the windshield, the consistency of corn syrup. Jared Pierce checked the thermometer on his dashboard. Thirty-one degrees. The drops might not look like snow, but he’d bet his last dollar the roads would be freezing soon, if they hadn’t already. He was thirty miles from his destination, and counted himself lucky the weather had held this long. Winter in Illinois.
He’d been on the road more than twelve hours, making only necessary stops along the way from Vacherie, Louisiana to Edgarville to flip his great aunt’s house. 
No one seemed to know what caused the rift between his Grandma Margaret and her sister, Lily, but his mother and his aunt agreed there was something odd about Great Aunt Lily Sumner. Jared had never heard of her until his Aunt Melinda breezed into town and insisted Jared’s mother step up to the plate and deal with the sale of her house. Aunt Melinda transferred executorship to Jared’s mother, who promptly passed the ball to him. “She thinks the house might be haunted,” his mother had told him when he asked why she wanted Jared to go, and not his brother, Troy. 
A car sped by on Jared’s right, and he instinctively tapped the brakes. His car fishtailed, sending his pulse racing. He’d never driven in ice and snow. Jared took his foot off the gas and his car straightened. Good time to decelerate. He hit his signal and eased into the far right lane, tightening his grip on the steering wheel while he checked the road signs for his exit. 
More cars crowded around him, making him less sure of his driving skills in foreign weather. 
“In point five miles, take exit, on right,” the GPS told him.
“Okay,” he replied as if it could hear him, squinting between the wipers and the raindrops for the turnoff.
“In point two miles, take exit, on right,” the GPS told him a minute later.
“Got it,” he said. He activated the signal and took his foot off the gas once more to slow down. “That doesn’t look like the right direction,” he told the GPS. He must be getting punchy if he was talking to an inanimate voice.
“Take exit. On right.”
Who was he to argue? And the GPS was right. It wasn’t the right direction because the exit was a cloverleaf. Jared drifted into the exit lane and steered into the loop. A speed limit sign told him to drop to 30 mph instead of the 40 he was doing, so he tapped the brake and sent the car into a spin. Reflex made him stomp the brake. The brakes pulsed under his foot, but the damage was already done. With his heart in his throat, Jared tried to straighten the car. The back quarter panel hit the guard rail with a jolt and spun the car around. He closed his eyes, knowing he’d lost control. Please don’t die, please don’t die. The front of the car hit something. The airbag deployed and his car rolled down the embankment in the center of the cloverleaf.
When he came to a stop, he was upside down. Jared saw stars and raised one hand to stop a trickle snaking its way across his face. He looked at his hand as if it belonged to someone else. Blood. Not good. Where was his cell phone? He’d left it in the cup holder, but once he’d gone into the spin cycle, no telling where it might have landed. Please, somebody call for help. He looked out the broken passenger side window, past the roof that now reduced his headroom by half. Should he unfasten his seatbelt, or would that make matters worse since he was wrong side up? He tried to turn, to position himself so he could slide through the window on his side, but he couldn’t move.
A fresh wave of panic hit when a second car slid down the embankment toward him. The last thing Jared remembered was the impact of the second car as it hit his passenger side.
~ ~ ~
Siobhan McCormick strolled back to her office from the hospital cafeteria. The food at St. Francis was better than she’d been used to. The launch of Patient Health Monitoring, or PHM, the new post-operative monitoring app, had provided her the perfect job opportunity, as if fate had stepped in to encourage her decision to stay in Edgarville. 
What if the app didn’t catch on the way they expected it to? Not all patients who were offered the app signed up. What if this job, instead of being a step toward the future, failed? Siobhan shrugged. Wouldn’t be the first time she’d made a bad decision, although she liked to think she was done with those. 
“Excuse me.” A nurse stopped Siobhan outside the administrative offices, a nurse she hadn’t met before. She looked young, maybe 19 or 20. Siobhan checked the nurse’s name tag. Ariel, LPN.
“How can I help you?” Siobhan asked.
The nurse stared at Siobhan’s name tag with a familiar look of confusion. 
“It’s pronounced Shi-VAWN,” she said. When she’d first been capped, she’d put “Shevy” on her nametag, her brother Kevin’s nickname for her, but that garnered just as many questions, so she’d reverted to her given name.
The nurse exhaled a relieved sigh. “Thank you. I wasn’t sure how to pronounce it, and they told me to bring these to you. I’m Ariel.” She pointed to her own name tag before she handed Siobhan a stack of charts. “These are the patients who were discharged today who are using the new app.” She cleared her throat. “Do you know if they’ll be training more people to do monitoring? I’d heard it would be a regular program, like visiting nurses.” 
“That’s my understanding, as PHM usage becomes more widespread.” Siobhan took the charts in one hand. “Are you planning to be an RN?” she asked.
“Would I need that to apply for the program?”
“I’m afraid so.” Siobhan held up her free hand and counted off her qualifications with her fingers. “I worked the ER, surgery, recovery, telemetry, critical care.” She ran out of fingers. “In other words, I have a lot of experience in a lot of areas.”
Ariel blushed and lowered her eyes. “It sounds like an interesting job.”
Siobhan smiled at her. “It is fun to be on the cutting edge of technology. With this information, we can spot issues that might result in readmissions before they become problems, but I miss the smile on someone’s face when they’re able to gain a step in their recovery. The terminal patient who wants a hand to hold.”
“The bitter old ladies who call you stupid and useless?” Ariel said with a laugh.  “If you ever need any help.” She shrugged. “I might learn something, huh?”
“I’ll let you know. Thanks for the charts.”
Ariel beamed, a hop in her step. Young. Fresh. Optimistic. Siobhan had no doubt the young nurse felt like she was saving the world, one patient at a time. 
Siobhan set the new charts on her desk and checked on her virtual patients, reviewing incision photos, making sure their word clouds were within appropriate positive/negative parameters, checking for patient-added notes or other triggers that required attention. Most patients didn’t bother sending anything more than the app requested. Answer the questions and be done with it. One patient left daily notes, thinking she had to chart the way doctors did. She detailed her food and water intake every day and the amount of time she spent doing her physical therapy. Siobhan usually sent back a push notification acknowledging “nice job.” 
And then there was this new guy. Just released from rehab. He’d been keeping up with his progress, but Siobhan hadn’t done much with his file while he was in-patient. He’d added words to his “how are you feeling?” cloud like “aggravated by maternal attention” and “planning a jailbreak.” He was good for a laugh, but she pictured a grown man-child who spent his days playing computer games. From the way he used his app, Siobhan judged Jared Pierce to be a grumpy patient. Some people didn’t do well with slowing the pace of their lives while they recovered. While she checked his progress, she found he’d written a note.
“Who the hell cares if I have an erection when I wake up? Isn’t that kind of personal? You going to send a nurse over to jump into bed with me?”
Siobhan laughed out loud and checked his word cloud. He’d highlighted that yes, he indeed had an early morning erection. She sent a push notification through the app. “An erection indicates good circulation and is normal and healthy. If you didn’t have one, that would be an indication of a problem.”
She continued through her charts and checked off three more of her patients when she saw another note appear on Jared Pierce’s app. 
“You mean there’s a real person on the other end of this godforsaken app?” 
She laughed again. Definitely a grumpy patient. Behind the technology, her job was to monitor and report. Despite years of coddling patients face to face, in her present position, Siobhan was instructed to point them to their primary physicians with any questions. Personal involvement with the PHM users would diminish her ability to do the rest of her job, and yet she couldn’t ignore his question.
“I will be monitoring your recovery and coordinating with your primary physician.” As soon as she sent the message, the cell phone dedicated to PHM rang. 
The number was the one associated with Jared Pierce. “And who, exactly, are you?” His voice was deep, with a hint of New Orleans.
Credit him for reading through the app screens and finding the number. “My name is Siobhan. I’ll be checking your progress a couple of times each day,” she told him in her most officious voice.
“So I can call you anytime I start feeling lonesome?” he asked in a voice that practically purred.
“I’m a transition care nurse. If you have any critical health issues, you should call 911,” she told him. “Do you have family helping you during your recovery?”
“Well, now, they’ve just left me on my own for the remainder of my recuperation period. I feel at a disadvantage, Miss Siobhan. You sound like a pretty girl, and you already know more about me than I know about you. That hardly seems fair.”
She’d dealt with flirty patients before, but it concerned her that he had no help for the next couple of weeks. “Are you in contact with your primary physician? Do you need help coordinating home health care?”
“It’s all good. I’m fine by myself. I’ve got a visiting nurse coming tomorrow, and at-home physical therapy, but I am a long way from home and they tell me I can’t travel until I’m healed. Sure would be nice to have a friendly voice say hello every now and then.”
This was new territory for her. Was it unprofessional to call the app patients? Her contact was supposed to be minimal. “But you do have family?”
“Well, sure…”
“Is there anything else I can help you with today?” she asked.
He chuckled softly, a sound that woke up long dormant nerve endings. “I do apologize for my crass note, Miss Siobhan. Knee jerk reaction. Not too many people ask me if I wake up with morning wood, and I guess I responded poorly.”
“It’s a standard question,” she said, growing uncomfortably warm. She was a nurse, used to clinical discussions about bodily functions. So why was she flustered talking to Mr. Pierce? She cleared her throat. “The words in the cloud are typical symptoms that accompany both your condition and your medications and are designed to ferret out any potential issues that might hamper your recovery.”
“Understood. But I do like the sound of your voice, ma’am. I believe it might go a long way toward speeding my recovery.”
Siobhan shook her head. “This is a business phone, Mr. Pierce, and you may not always get an answer.”
“Fair enough. I thank you for your time, ma’am, and I do believe my meds are kicking in so I’ll just say goodbye and close my eyes now. It’s been a pleasure.”
“Have a good day.” Siobhan disconnected the call with a cheek splitting grin. Pain meds did funny things to patients. Jared Pierce would likely wake from his nap and forget all about their phone call, but she wouldn’t. The timber in his voice was well suited to a phone sex operator, although the way he drawled his folksy Southern “ma’ams” was a bit much. Still, it was good of him to apologize for requesting a nurse in his bed.
Which only reminded her how long it had been since “this nurse” had shared a bed with a man. A man with a voice like that could certainly cure whatever ailed her. Siobhan laughed at her wayward thoughts. People rarely aligned with how you pictured them from a phone call. Even if she considered giving in to her wildest fantasies, Jared wasn’t physically able to have sex for at least another month, and more likely longer than that. She’d do well to picture him with greasy hair, warts and a foot shorter than she was. 
And he’d distracted her from the rest of her job. 
The other app patients would have to wait. She had a meeting to get to, charts to validate, and quality control reports to prepare. 
