
Escape
From North Korea, with a little help from some friends. 












B. Matthew Scudieri 


Escape.
From North Korea, with a little help from some friends. 

By B. Matthew Scudieri

© 2020 by Bart Matthew Scudieri and Mattie Love Publishing. All rights reserved.
No part of this book may be reproduced in any written, electronic, recording, or photocopying without written permission of the publisher or author. The exception would be in the case of brief quotations embodied in the critical articles or reviews and pages where permission is specifically granted by the publisher or author.
Although every precaution has been taken to verify the accuracy of the information contained herein, the author and publisher assume no responsibility for any errors or omissions. No liability is assumed for damages that may result from the use of information contained within.





Published by: Mattie Love Publishing.  New Jersey, USA.                                                              
e-mail: mattielovepublishing@yahoo.com      
Visit us on facebook at  www.facebook.com/mattielovepublishing   
                                           
Interior Design by: Matthew Scudieri
Cover Design by: Mathew Scudieri		
Editing by: 					
Library of Congress Control Number:             
ISBN: 9781005344528			
First Edition: © 2020

Proudly Printed in America on American paper with American labor and machinery.  




Chapter I
It was a warm spring morning when Matthew “Mattie” Forde woke up in his room at St. Joseph’s Medical center in Paterson, New Jersey.  The room was a rather depressing place, as hospitals can often be.  Multiple beds and patients, plain white walls, and a few windows with a view of the neighboring building.  There was a lot of noise coming from the hallway; the hospital was busy.  It was a very confusing and busy place.  Mattie felt lonely, despite all the activity, and thought to himself that he would much rather be home with his family.  In fact, he had awakened alone for the first time in twenty years.  Every morning before that, Mattie woken up with his lovely wife Jinny by his side and had quietly gotten up to prepare a cup of tea for her, just the way she liked it.  He was lost with this minor disruption in his life.  It was only one days after the doctors had found a large brain tumor and diagnosed him with brain cancer.  
Head shaved and almost ready for surgery, Mattie was very calm when Jinny and their twin daughters, Nina and Jenny, walked into his room.  Jinny, Nina and Jenny were the center of Mattie’s universe.  Everything Mattie had done over the past twenty years, had been for them.  His life revolved around them, they were all he cared for and all he wanted was the best for his girls.  
With sad faces and tears in their eyes Mattie’s girls knew the chances of him surviving the operation he was about to have, a craniotomy was a longshot.  The surgery would be long, more than six hours and very risky and the recovery, arduous.   They hadn’t expected Mattie’s sudden illness and were unsure how they would survive without him.  Just two days ago, they had been celebrating his fiftieth birthday, a joyous celebration.  Mattie with his girls beside him laughed, danced and told stories about his young girls and how they had turned out to be such respectful and strong young ladies.  He was so proud of his girls and everyone knew it; it was all he had talked about for the past twenty years.  
“Girls,” Mattie said.  “I don’t want you to worry about me, I’ll be fine.  I taught you girls enough, and now it is time to think for yourself.  Remember, there is nothing worse in this world than a coward and please, never give up your dignity.  I love my girls.”  Mattie sat up and gave his girls a kiss on their foreheads.  “I am so proud of you girls,” he added. “You are the best thing that ever happened to me”.  
Mattie’s girls then watched the nurses wheel him down the hallway and into the waiting area for his craniotomy.  The short journey down the hallway seemed as though it was a mile long.  Jinny, a tough lady, stood firm with her twin daughters.   As sad and worried as Jinny was, she doesn’t want she didn’t want her girls to know it.  
“Mom; do you think dad will be ok?” the girls asked their mother
“Of course,” Jinny replied.  Your Dad and I have had a few challenges in our life, but he is a strong man.  He will never leave us”.  
 After sitting down in the waiting room, the twins asked Jinny how she had met Mattie.
With a smile on her face, Jinny told them, “You were alive when I met your father,” replied Jinny, with a smile on her face.  You don’t remember.  You were too young.”  
“What do you mean, Mom?  We were there?” asked Nina and Jenny, with a confused look on their faces.
Jinny then sat back and said, “You are about to hear the story of how I met the greatest man you have ever known.”
“You mean Dad” Nina said.
“Yes,” replied Jinny.  “The greatest man you will ever meet.” 









Chapter II
Mattie Forde was born on October, 7th. 1970 in Haledon, New Jersey, the only child of Matthew Sr. and Jill Forde.  
Mattie was the second-generation of the Forde family born in America.  His grandparents on his father’s side emigrated from Scotland.  Hard working immigrants were in high demand in the early 1900’s, and Mattie’s family had a long history of being hardworking and honest people.  Mattie’s grandfather, Mason Forde, landed in Bayonne, New Jersey in 1915 at the ripe young age of 15.  He made his way to Paterson to meet up with his cousins, who had arrived a few years earlier.  Shortly after arriving in Paterson Mason got a job working in an old textile mill as an apprentice / mechanic.  His hard work was greatly appreciated by the mill’s management, and he accelerated quickly in his career.  
By the time America started sending troops to Europe to fight in WWI, Mason was 17 years old.  He felt that it was his duty to serve in the country he now called home and lied about his age to join the Marines.  After attending boot camp and infantry training in Parris Island, South Carolina, Mason was shipped off to the Western Front to fight alongside the U.S. Army and the French Army.  Before Mason knew it, he was in the middle of the legendary battle of Belleau Woods.  Valiantly fighting in this deadly battle, Mason was seriously wounded and shipped home.  For his valiance during battle, he was awarded the Navy Cross and medically discharged from the Marines.  He returned to Paterson, immediately went back to work and met his future wife, Yevheniia, a Ukrainian immigrant who working as a seamstress in the factory where he worked.  This young immigrant couple enjoyed the roaring twenties and all America had to offer.  They married and started a family and became proud Americans.  
Mattie’s father, Matthew Senior, was born in Paterson, in 1933.  Growing up in the great depression Matthew Senior learned what tough times were.  His father instilled the same work ethics he had into his son.  As soon as he could, Matthew Senior went to work to help his parents put food on the table and pay the rent.  Shortly after graduating from Paterson Central High School in 1949, he followed his father’s footsteps and joined the Marine Corps.  He attended boot camp at Parris Island in South Carolina and advanced infantry training at Camp Lejeune in North Carolina.  Matthew was then sent to Guam where he flourished as a young and hardworking infantryman.  Soon, Matthew’s unit, the 3rd Battalion 5th Marine Regiment, was sent to Korea, and he participated in the amphibious landing in Incheon during the early stages of the Korean War.  
Matthew senior showed great leadership potential and was a fierce worrier during battle.  He was quickly promoted to Corporal and became a squad leader at the young age of 19.  After one year of fighting, he found himself in charge of three marine fire teams consisting of a total of twelve Marines.  During the Battle of Hwacheon he steadfastly and courageously led his Marines into combat and was seriously wounded.  For his valiant leadership under fire Matthew Senior, like his father in WWI, was awarded the Navy Cross.  Due to his wounds, he was medically discharged and sent home.
After arriving home Matthew Senior found a job in a machine shop in Paterson New Jersey.  He was a hard worker and a great apprentice.  After a few years of work and attending the local trade school, he started making enough money to start a family.  One night while bowling with the company bowling team, Jill Mercandino, the daughter of Italian immigrants and a supervisor in the factory where he worked in.  In 1965, the couple married in a small ceremony at the local VFW hall in town.  The venue was simple. The wedding was small and bare by today’s standards, with only close family and a few friends.  The brides dress was made by family members and the wedding cake was also homemade.  This was a time in America when life was simple.  All were happy, especially the couple getting young bride and groom.  It was a joyous event.  They purchased a home in Haledon New Jersey and started their family.  
Haledon, New Jersey is a small blue-collar working class suburb of Paterson.  During the building booms of the 1920’s and 1050’s, many families moved out of Paterson and to suburbs like Haledon.   With its newer single-family stand-alone houses on larger lots, Haledon became a picturesque small-town American suburb.  Almost all of the families in Haledon worked in the trades and took pride in being homeowners.  Known for their work ethics, diversity and family values, Mattie’s parents were proud of their small town.  Living in a 1920s style modest house on Morrissee Avenue. they decided to have a family.  Their only child was Matthew, “Mattie” Ford.
When Mattie was a young man and a student at Manchester Regional High School in Haledon, he was not very interested in academics.  He was an average student who enjoyed industrial arts more than the academic subjects.  This was the 1980’s and most high schools in America had Industrial Arts programs.  These programs were great for the small industrialized communities like Haledon because they created a pathway for middle class factory jobs and, a gateway to the trades.  There was enough training in the Industrial Arts to give students and taste of the trades and to discover what they would like to do after graduating from high school.   The shop classes that Mattie took were wood shop, metal shop, and mechanical drawing.  This gave the students a taste of what it was like to work with wood and metal or make mechanical drawings. Mattie enjoyed these classes.  He liked making things and was most interested in working with metal.  By the end of his senior year he knew he wanted to work with metal as a trade.  These programs didn’t train the students enough to make it a middle class job as soon as they graduated from high school, but it gave the young students a head start.  
Mattie was a good kid and liked by many of his fellow students and teachers.  The one thing that Mattie liked the most about school was wrestling.  Wrestling was a big part of Manchester Regional High School and the community of Haledon was proud of its history and all the great wrestlers who wrestled there.   Many of wrestlers had attended Manchester and continued to universities, then made their way to the Olympic teams.  The halls of the school and the walls of the fieldhouse the wrestlers trained in were lined with photos, trophies, and medals of past champions.  Mattie continued the reputation of the wrestling history in Manchester.  He was a great light-heavyweight wrestler feared by his opponents and respected by his team and his coaches.  
Every day after school, Mattie went to the weight room to train or to fieldhouse to work on his wrestling skills.   The weight room was a small classroom with a bunch of weights and a few machines.  It was simple but just what the athletes needed to build their strength.  The fieldhouse that the wrestlers and their cloches used to train was a small room in the basement of the school.   It was a dark and damp room with a place to hang coats and take showers.  The floor was wide open with mats on the floor.  Cold and damp in the winter, hot and humid in the summer, it toughened the wrestlers up.  There was not much there, but enough to get the job done.  Like many wrestlers from Manchester, Mattie had a passion for wrestling and dreams of wrestling at Ohio State University.  He also wanted to make the U.S. Olympic team, as had many wrestlers from Manchester’s wrestling teams had over the years.  It was a tough act to follow.  
Every match that Mattie competed in was attended by his family and high school sweetheart, Sue Olsen, as well as by many people from the community.  The gymnasium was always packed with very proud locals.  Sue and Mattie’s family were his biggest fans, cheering him on from the start to the finish of every match he competed in.  It was Mattie’s senior year and near the end of the wrestling season when a tragedy would change his dreams forever.  Mattie was wrestling in the last match of the season and undefeated.  Mattie’s opponent that evening was one of the fiercest ones he had ever faced.   Nonetheless, he fought like he had never fought before.  He was well ahead of his opponent halfway through the second round and had plenty of stamina and intestinal fortitude; his tank wasn’t even close to being empty.  The crowd was roaring, and the roof of the gymnasium was about to be blown off.  Sue and Mattie’s family were leading the crowd, as they always did.  Mattie, full of sweat, goosebumps, and adrenaline was preparing to make his legendary finishing move, the high armpit takedown.  As Mattie delved towards his opponent, he suddenly he heard a loud snapping sound.  Mattie collapsed to the mat.  The gymnasium was suddenly as quiet as a mouse; you could hear a pin drop.  The crowd immediately knew that something was wrong.  Sue and Mattie’s family became extremely worried and ran from the bleachers to attend to Mattie as he lay there in excruciating pain.  Everyone in the gymnasium was stunned.  Mattie’s left knee swelled like a balloon.  The pain started to set in, and the look on his face showed it.  Sue and Mattie’s parents made their way to the mat along with the school nurse and local volunteer emergency medical technicians.  Mattie was rushed to the hospital in the back of an ambulance, Sue and his parents following closely behind in their car.  
The sound Mattie had heard on the mat was his anterior cruciate ligament.  It had snapped clear through, like a dry and frozen twig in the middle of the winter.  That was the moment that Mattie knew his dreams were crushed.  After surgery and nearly a half a year of rehabilitation, Mattie was never able continue wrestling.  The wrestling season was over and it was too late in the year to start the wrestling season at Ohio State University.  His dreams of being an Olympic Gold Medalist were over.  
After graduating from Manchester Regional High School in the spring of 1988, Mattie was happy to be free of school and his teachers.  He took a few weeks off, then followed the footsteps of his father and grandfather, joining the Marines and attending boot camp at Parris Island, South Carolina and infantry training in Camp Lejeune in North Carolina.  Mattie eventual went to Camp Johnson in North Carolina and was trained to be a truck driver.   After training, he entered the active reserves.  His unit was Headquarters Company for the 6th Motor Transport Battalion.  At first Mattie liked being there and was proud to be a Marine and proud of his unit.  
While working in the same factory as his father, Mattie had to train one weekend a month with the Marines and attend trade school at night.   It was the 1980s, and there were still many well-paying jobs in the Paterson area.  There were also good apprenticeship programs available, and Mattie would eventual become a machinist.
In December of 1990, Mattie’s unit was deployed to Saudi Arabia to fight in Operation Desert Storm.  He was attached to the second tank battalion as a truck driver.  After the war was over, he was sent back home and discharged from the Marine Corps and went back to work as a machinist.  
In the summer of 1991, Mattie married Sue, who was the daughter of a manufacturing engineer and had been an excellent softball player in high school.   After high school, Sue attended William Paterson College and worked at the local supermarket.  Mattie and Sue were able to buy a home in Haledon, around the corner from the house Mattie has grown up in.  Happily married the couple had dreams of having their own children one day.  But after five of marriage and happy home-ownership things were about to suddenly and radically change this quintessential couple’s life.  

















Chapter III

It was late summer of 1996.  Mattie and Sue were enjoying a romantic celebration of their fifth wedding anniversary at Colucci’s, a legendary cozy Italian restaurant in Haledon.   They were as happy as could be and planning to have children soon.  Very content with their lives.  Little did they know that their lives were about to radically change turning their world upside down.  
Outsourcing and globalization became popular in America, and the life to which many Americans had become accustomed was starting to change.  Before he knew it, the machine shop where Mattie was working shut down.  Nearly all its customers had outsourced their jobs to China, and there was not enough work in the area for the business to operate.  Mattie was in the same shoes as thousands of manufacturing workers in America.  He had become a displace worker at 26 years old.   
Feeling depressed, Mattie immediately started looking for work.  With so many factories in the area closing, the only work available he could find was in construction.  Having spent the past eight years of his life mastering a trade, he was lost as what to do in the immediate future.  As much as Mattie did not want to do that type of work, he had to.  With a wife and a mortgage, Mattie refused to quit.  He bit the bullet and took on any job that would pay him.  He worked in construction and went to school at night as Sue continued to work. Their plans of having children were put on hold until they could get this life-changing situation past them and get back on their feet.  This was a very difficult time in Mattie’s life.  He did a labor-intensive job all day, sometimes ten-hours a day, and attended school at night.  There was little free time between class, work, and studying.  Despite this Mattie’s wife, best friend, and true love, Sue, supported him.  She knew he was strong enough to overcome this trying time.  
Mattie was forced to make a career change and decided that he wanted to become a teacher.  At first he attended Passaic County Community College in Paterson, at night after working all day.  After a few years of working construction jobs and attending a community college, Mattie was able to transfer to William Paterson University in nearby Wayne.  He eventually graduated from William Paterson University with a Bachelor of Arts degree and a teaching certification in history.  After many months of job hunting with no luck, Mattie was confused; he also had tens of thousands of dollars in student loans to repay.  He had been working low-paying construction jobs and going to school for the past four years.  Throughout Mattie’s time in college he kept borrowing money to pay for tuition and books.  He was struggling to get by and now his debt was due.  These times were tough for Mattie and Sue.  They were constantly struggling to pay the bills and falling further and further behind.  Very deep in debt and burnt out, Mattie was unsure and concerned about the future.  He and Sue were approaching a bankruptcy and a foreclosure on their house.  As if this was not enough stress on their lives, things were about to get much worse.
During the holiday season of 1999, Mattie was waiting at home for Sue to return from work when he heard the doorbell ring.  It was the local police, whom he invited in and to sit down at the kitchen table.  Because he had grown up in Haledon and knew most of the police officers in town.  They had concerned looks on their faces and Mattie had sensed that they did not want to be there.  Sitting across from them Mattie, grew concerned, asking himself why they were there and what they wanted.  There was a moment of silence, and Mattie knew they were there to deliver bad news.  They informed him that his wife and high school sweetheart, the only person he truly loved, had been in a very bad car accident.  
Mattie immediately got into his car and rushed to the hospital.  He made his way into the emergency room, where his wife lay motionless on gurney, eyes closed and machines attached to every part of her body.  He looked into her eyes as he held her hand.  Sue couldn’t move or even blink her eyes, but Mattie knew she was aware that her true love was beside her.  Her eyes were open and filled with tears, Mattie knew that she could see him, she knew her man was beside her.    Suddenly alarms sounded and doctors rushed over to attend to her, chaos erupting in the emergency room.  Mattie grew concerned.  Doctors and nurses worked feverously on Sue’s lifeless body as, Mattie watched motionless and in silence.  
The doctors and nurses did everything they could to save Sue’s life.  But medical staff with decades of training and, experience and millions of dollars of equipment, medicine, and technology just weren’t.  The injuries Sue had sustained were just too severe.  Mattie’s wife, high school sweetheart, and best friend was dead right before his eyes.    
Broke, alone, and lonely, Mattie moved into his parents’ house and was forced to go bankrupt.  He lost his house, wife, and future all in the blink of an eye.  Mattie was broke, down and out, out of luck and at the end of a dead-end road.  
Unsure of his future, Mattie decided to look for a teaching job overseas.  Finding a job as an English teacher in Sokcho, South Korea, Mattie started a new chapter in his life.  He enjoyed his time teaching and traveling.  He made a lot of new friends from all over the world and discovered a new career.  He was happy with his decision and starting to save money and pay off some of his student loans.  He caught the travel bug, and every chance he had he would travel to different countries in Asia and many cities in South Korea.  
In late 2000, Mattie’s one-year contract to teach English in South Korea was about to expire.  He had plans to travel more and then go home to visit his family before starting a new job teaching English at the Far Eastern University in Vladivostok, Russia.   
Like many of the chapters in Mattie’s life, his plans were about to change again due to an unforeseen event over which he had no control.  The last few years of his life had been like a rollercoaster.  Highs and lows, starting a trade and then losing his career and having to start over.  Marrying his high school sweetheart and then having to bury her.  Going bankrupt, losing his house, and having to move overseas to get a job that would pay enough for him to get back on his feet.   Mattie was finally getting ahead in life and happy again.  







Chapter IV
It was a cool and dark spring evening in Vladivostok, Russia as Mattie walked home to his apartment.  He had completed his last day of work at the Far Eastern Federal University, where he had been an English teacher working for the Russian government on a one-year work visa.  Vladivostok, Russia is a small city in far eastern Russia located at the Golden Horn Bay and close to the border of China and North Korea.  
Situated on Russia’s coast and approximately 880 miles across the Sea of Japan from Sapporo Japan, Vladivostok is a small fishing community and former naval port that was essential to the Russians during the Sino-Japanese War and the Cold War.  Vladivostok is also the terminus of the Trans-Siberian Railway, a key transportation hub for the Russian Economy.  After the collapse of the Soviet Empire in 1989, the new Russian government opened trade and the City of Vladivostok eventually exploded.  This created a demand for many things, including native English teachers to teach English, the international language, to government officials and business personnel the international language.  Many native English teachers did not want to teach in remote areas in any country, especially Russia.  Nevertheless, Mattie saw this as a great opportunity to travel and experience the “new” Russia, far away from any major city.   Vladivostok became Mattie’s home for a year and he was happy to learn a lot about Russian culture and its people.  
Mattie’s boss, Oksana Jin and his Russian friends and students had just thrown a farewell party for him.  Oksana had created the English program at the University a few years before and it was very popular and successful.  Russian students and business professionals from all over Eastern Russia attended classes there and were taught by Russian English teachers and by 

Mattie.  Mattie enjoyed his time working in Russia and had made many friends.  He found the students to be extremely smart and dedicated to learning as much as they could.  They enjoyed Mattie’s classes and would miss him dearly.  He liked living there, but after a year he wanted to get back home to more familiar territory, visit family and friends and spend more time traveling during the summer break.  He was also excited to have a new job he had lined up at Changwon University in Changwon, South Korea and to meet up with some of the friends he had made while working there whom he had not seen for a while.  
As Mattie was approaching his small Soviet Style apartment not far off campus, he heard an unusual noise coming from a normally quiet alleyway.  Upon investigation, he saw a young lady curled up in a fetal position in the corner, freezing cold.  She was wearing traditional Korean peasant’s Hanbok.  Her clothes were tattered, she was on the verge of hypothermia and her body shook as she tried to stay warm.  Her body was also, soaking-wet from head to toe with small cuts, bumps, and bruises covering her face, head, arms, and legs.  She had mud allover her.  Mattie knew that if she did not get into dry clothing and a warm place soon, she would really get hypothermia and possibly die.  
Mattie tried everything he could to help the woman, speaking English at first and then little Russian he knew.  It was to no avail; Mattie could not communicate with her.  Knowing that she desperately needed help, Mattie grabbed the woman and carried her into his apartment.  He knew she feared what he would do to her, but he did not want her to freeze to death.  After getting her into his apartment, he gave her some dry clothes and a blanket.  He showed her to the tiny bathroom and closed the door.  Not sure what to do because he was unable to communicate with her, he called his friend and boss, Oksana Jin, and left a message on her voicemail.   Mattie patiently waited in his small studio apartment.  On one side of the apartment was a small kitchenette consisting of a two-burner gas cook-top, small one piece stainless steel combination sink and drain board.  On one side of the sink, there was a small front-load washing machine, no dryer and on the other side, a mid-sized refrigerator / freezer.  A small armoire and couch with a coffee table and a full-size mattress made up the rest of the furnishings.  The apartment was simple compared to Western standards, but what Mattie had grown accustomed to.  It was not much more than what he had had in his apartment in Korea previous year.  Nonetheless, he was happy to have what he had and had grown to appreciate a simple lifestyle.    
Oksana was a very smart lady.  Born and raised in Chekhov, Sakhalinskaya Oblast', Russia to Korean-Russian parents, she had been raised bilingual speaking Russian and Korean fluently.  After graduating from the University, she moved to Vladivostok, Russia.  She started teaching at the University shortly after arriving.  She was also fluent in English and taught Russian, English, and Korean as a second language.  
After a few minutes, Oksana returned the phone call from Mattie, surprised to hear from him.  As Mattie explained the situation Oksana thought he was joking.  Once Mattie had convinced her that he was not joking, she thought he was crazy.  She told him he could not just     take a strange lady into his apartment in the middle of the night.  Mattie explained the situation again and told Oksana that he could not communicate with her and that she was Asian.  Oksana asked him to give her the phone.  Mattie handed the woman phone through the bathroom door, and Oksana tried speaking Russian to her.  Oksana finally realized that the lady was from North Korea and spoke with her in Korean for a few minutes.  Then, the woman handed the phone back to Mattie.  
Oksana explained to Mattie that the woman had just escaped from North Korea and needed to return there.  With a surprised look on his face, Mattie was unsure as to what he had gotten himself into.  He also knew that if the authorities found the woman, they would return her to North Korea and ship her to a work camp, where she would eventually starve or be worked to death.  Oksana told Mattie she would be at his apartment in a minute and would help to sort out the situation.  
As Mattie waited for Oksana to show up, the young strange lady in his bathroom took a shower in his tiny wet bathroom.  The bathroom in Mattie’s apartment was typical of bathrooms in Eastern Russia and Asia.  It had a toilet and pedestal sink and, no bathtub, just a drain in the tile floor and a hand held shower device that was attached to the sink faucet.  As you showered, the water would fall onto the tiled bathroom flood and go slowly down the drain.  After showering, you would have to use a squeegee and towel to dry the bathroom floor.  The woman finished hew shower, dried off, and got dressed in some clothes that Mattie gave her.  Mattie threw her dirty, tattered clothes into the washing machine.  She was still frightened and did not know what to do.  Mattie questioned whether he had made the right decision and that Oksana could not get there fast enough.  As soon as Mattie’s doorbell rang, the young woman jumped under Mattie’s bed.  Confused, Mattie answered the door and immediately knew why she was hiding.  It was the police, and they were not happy.  Mattie, knowing a little Russian, was able to understand that the police were looking for a Korean woman who had escaped the North and was hiding in town.  He lied to the police and said he knew nothing.  There was a sigh of relief when the police left, from both Mattie and Oksana, who had just arrived.  
After the police left and Oksana walked into Mattie’s’ apartment she was able to convince the lady to come out of hiding, and they sat down on Mattie’s couch.  Oksana spoke Korean with the lady and translated for Mattie.  With a strange look on their faces, Mattie and 

Oksana could not believe what this young lady, named Jinny Kim, had been able to accomplish.  Moreover, they were shocked to learn what she wanted to do next.    








Chapter V
Jinny Kim was born on May 1, 1980 in a small shanty in the town of Rajin-Sŏnbong, North Korea.  Rajin-Sŏnbong, commonly referred to as Rason, is a small town on that borders China and Russia along the Tumen River to the North and the Sea of Japan to the East.  There is not much in Rajin-Sŏnbong, just a small fishing port, a shipping port and The Friendship Bridge, which crosses the Tumen River into Russia.  There is little traffic over the bridge or in the shipping port because of North Korea’s limited economy.  Only one or two trains a week run over the bridge to and from Russia, and just one or two ships a week come into and depart from the port.  Occasionally, the Korean government adds wooden boards over the rails of the Friendship Bridge to allow a few trucks a week to cross over the river.  Fishing is the big part of the community there, and a small North Korean navy base that patrols the area to keep an eye on the local North Korean fishing boats to prevent anyone from defecting to Russia.  The area to the south and west of Rason is mountainous and quiet, dotted with a few military bases and labor prisons.  Not much happens there, just some military training and patrols to keep North Koreans from escaping into Russia or China.  
Jinny’s parents were also born and raised in this area.  Jinny’s mother was a stay-at-home Mom, and her father was a peasant fisherman.  With little money, Jinny’s childhood was difficult; her family, like all other families in North Korea, was dirt poor.  Most of the fish Jinny’s father caught was taken by the North Korean government.  Many people in their family and community died a young age, mostly from preventable diseases and starvation.  Most homes in this area of North Korea had little to no electricity and no running potable water, or sewage systems.  Everyone was isolated from the outside world.  As terrible as their living conditions were, it was all they knew.  
After finishing primary school in the North Korean public schools, Jinny worked with her father on his fishing boat.  
She eventually met her husband, and shortly after that, the two were married and had twin girls, Nina and Jenny.  Jinny’s husband was a North Korean government official.  Her life became slightly better marrying an official working for the government.  A few months after the twins were born, Jinny’s husband was taken away by the government.  He was accused of stealing rice.  In fact, he had taken a little rice to feed his starving family and was also trying to help his newborn twins, who were sick.  Jinny’s husband was sent to the Hoeryŏng concentration camp, also known as Camp 22, in Hoeryŏng, North Korea for life.  Camp 22 was a penal labor camp known for its brutality.  Surrounded by a high voltage electric fence with razor wire and, the camp was guarded by troops who were loyal to the North Korean government.  The troops were heavily armed with automatic rifles, machine guns, and hand grenades and were assisted by trained guard dogs, so it was nearly imposable to escape.   Thousands of North Koreans were sent there and labeled as political dissidents.  Shortly after arriving at the camo, Jinny’s husband perished from starvation.  
Jinny’s twins, Nina and Jenny, were only a few months old at this time.  Still breastfeeding Jinny could not work, and food was a scarce commodity.  What little they had, Jinny would eat to have enough breast milk to take care of her precious children.  The twins were as cute as a button and very tiny as most children in North Korea are.  With limited food and health care, the people of North Korea are much shorter and thinner than normal.  Children are often born grossly underweight and sick.  The infant mortality rate is bewilderingly high.  Many children die before their first birthday du to preventable disease and starvation.  There is little parents can do with their children with limited healthcare, medicine, and nutritious food.  When Nina and Jenny were only four months old they were sickly and on their deathbed.  Jinny and her parents knew that they were about to take their last breath any day now and there was not much they could do.  
With two children who were ill, Jinny became very desperate.  She did receive help from her parents, but at the time most people in North Korea were very poor and many had starved to death.  After dropping her two sick twins off at her mother’s shanty with some breast milk in a small jar for the twins, Jinny left.  She was on a mission to save her children, who were in desperate need of food and medicine.  She did not want to tell her parents what she was doing for fear that the government would find out.  If the government knew where Jinny was going and what she was doing, there would have been some serious problems.  What would have happened if the government had found out?  No one knows for sure, but Jinny’s children defiantly would have been taken away.  Her parents could have also been punished and sent to The Hoeryŏng Concentration Camp where her husband had died.  Jinny then packed her pockets with a handful of rice and headed off on a mission to save her twins a mission that would radically change their lives forever.   








 Chapter VI
Twenty-year-old Jinny Kim set off to save her children on a cool spring evening.  All she had was a pocketful of rice, a set of old and worn tradition Korean Hanbok and an old map of the area she had borrowed from her father.  Jinny was a mother on a mission to save her children, and there was nothing that was going to get in her way.  Under the cover of darkness, Jinny went on her way north towards the Tumen River near the Friendship Bridge.  Her plan was to cross the river from Rason, North Korea into Khasan, Russia, then get some medicine and food for her children and return.  With a nearly impossible mission in front of her, Jinny knew the dangers.  For years she, her friends, and her family had heard rumors and horrific stories about people trying to escape the North.  Jinny knew that if she got caught in North Korea trying to escape, her children and her mother and father would be sent off to a labor camp, never to be seen again.  She also knew that if she was caught in Russia she would either be sent back to North Korea or would spend the rest of her life in Russia, separated from her children, used in the sex trade business or as an indentured servant.  The punishments, as severe as they would be, did not deter her from setting off on this nearly impossible mission.  She had one thing in mind, her children.  Jinny was willing to do whatever she had to do to save her children.  Again she was a mother on a mission.
Jenny’s first challenge was to avoid the locals.  She was fearful that if anyone found out what she had planned, they would notify the local North Korean officials and she would be caught.  North Koreans feared their government and knew that they would be punished, severely, if they didn’t tell anyone that they knew someone was escaping.  Jinny did not want to put anyone she knew in that situation.  The military guard in the border communities of North Korea were the most loyal hardcore, soldiers in the country.  They had been hand-picked by the generals and had shown tremendous loyalty to the North Korean government.  These soldiers were inscrutable and had no feelings for human life. They had no remorse for what they did to anyone they caught trying to escape.  As the fittest marksmen and experts in hand-to-hand combat, they were given the best equipment North Korea had.  They took their job seriously and also took great pride in catching North Koreans who tried to escape.  They would often abuse the escapees, physically and sexually prior to turning them in.  Once the soldiers made their way to Camp 22 with an escapee, they were rewarded with praise and food.  The government felt that these soldiers were very important to their motives and wanted them to continue doing their job in the most loyal way.  They, and their families, were taken care of and were were given nice houses and plenty of food.  Their families got the best healthcare in North Korea, the same the politicians got.  Their children also had an opportunity to follow in their father’s footsteps.  These soldiers were not willing to take any chance of losing what they had; their lives were much better than those of the people they were preventing from escaping North Korea.  
As Jinny walked north towards the Russian border under the cover of darkness she was hungry and tired.  Nevertheless, she continued.  She moved stealthily around the town, careful to not get caught.  She could not trust anyone, knowing that she would be turned in to the authorities if anyone was aware of what she was about to do.  Jinny continued to head north hoping to cross the Tumen River into Russia under the cover of darkness.  With the darkness of night on her side, she made it through town and into the countryside.  Making her way through cold and wet rice paddies, often crawling on her belly to avoid seen, Jinny started to get very cold.  She was aware of the issues of getting wet in the cold night in Korea.  She knew this was not going to be easy and continued with her mission.  She also knew that if she were seen by anyone, it would be all over.  
Continuing north through and around rice paddies, cabbage farms, and small hamlets that dotted the area, Jinny was aware that she would eventually get to the Tumen River.  Sure enough, after many hours navigating in the dark, she made it.  Once she had reached the river, she knew this nearly impossible mission would only get more difficult.  The river is heavily guarded by North Korean soldiers loyal to the government.  She also knew that these soldiers could not be bribed, even if she had money.  To make the situation worse, it had started to rain.  The temperature had dropped suddenly to near freezing, and Jinny was already wet from head to toe.  Feeling as though hypothermia was about to set in, she thought for a moment that and she could not go on anymore.  Suddenly, though, she reached deep down inside herself and found the will power to continue.  Perhaps it was her desire to keep moving so she would not freeze to death.  Or maybe it was the motherly love for her children.  Either way, Jinny was determined to continue and save her children.
Once Jinny got to the Tumen River she made her way east towards the northern Pacific Ocean.   She was not sure exactly where she was.  But she did know she was west of the Friendship Bridge that crossed over the Tumen River into Khasan, Russia.  If she were to head east, she thought to herself, she would eventually make it to the bridge, an unmistakable landmark.  Slowly moving east Jinny was constantly conscious of the spotlights the North 
Korean soldiers used to spot escapees.  The guards were constantly moving the spotlights around.  It was relentless, and it took Jinny a longtime to move.  She would move as fast as she could while keeping an eye on the lookout towers manned with loyal soldiers, machine guns in hand.   As the spotlights rotated towards her, she would crouch down and hide under the bushes.  It was a trying two-hour walk / crawl to the Friendship Bridge, one that felt as though it was taking an eternity.  Approached the bridge, Jinny could hear the voices of the North Korean soldiers manning the guard post at the foot of the bridge.  She grew concerned as she got closer, as all the brush in the area had been cut short to make it easier for the guards to see anyone who did not belong in the area.  She was amazed at the unexpectedly large number of soldiers in the areas.  She had heard accounts about the border crossings there and now the reality of these accounts was setting in.   She knew that one wrong mistake would end the mission, her life and possibly the lives of her children.  
As Jinny made her way closer to the bridge, she grew more determined first, to save her children, second to not get caught, and finally, to not die of hypothermia.  She was able to hide under trucks that were waiting to cross the bridge as there were many.   The North Korean soldiers were putting boards down on the bridge, which had been constructed as a rail bridge and was being converted to a vehicle bridge.  Jinny was close enough to the guards, yet far enough away to not get caught.  She spent about twenty minutes observing the guards and taking a mental note of their routine.  The guards were patrolling the area relentlessly looking for escapees.  This grew more and more difficult as time went by.  She was wet and cold; her body was naturally shaking to try to keep her from freezing to death.  The temperature of her body was rapidly declining and her extremities growing numb.  This arduous situation only added fuel to the fire.  
Jinny grew more determined as time passed by.  She had observed the guards as they searched the trains, trucks and cars that were waiting to cross over the bridge and into Russia.  For whatever reason, it was a busy night and there were many cars and trucks.  The guards were also bilingual, speaking in Russian and Korean.  As the trucks moved closer to the foot of the bridge, more guards moved in to inspect them thoroughly for contraband and stowaways trying to escape Korea.  Jinny saw this as an opportunity to make a move.  With fewer guards checking cars and trucks in the back of the line she knew her chance of safely getting into the back of a truck was her best option.  Jinny slowly moved south towards the end of the line of trucks and cars.  Under the darkness of the night and crawling on the ground under the trucks, she slowly arrived at the spot near the last of the vehicles.  She had noticed that there was a Russian truck with its driver sleeping in the cab behind the wheel.  Seeing this as her only opportunity to get into the back of a truck and hide, she approached the truck, crawling on the ground and being very careful not to make any noise.  She knew that the slightest noise would alert the guards in the area or awaken the sleeping driver.  Once the area was clear of guards, Jinny made her move.  She stealthily made her way to the back of the vehicle, discovering, right away that it was a large tri-axle dump truck full of raw salt fresh from the local salt mine.  She quickly climbed the ladder on the back of the truck planning to lift the plastic cover and jump into the back before any arrived.  As Jinny started to climb the ladder, she had noticed it would not be as easy as she thought.  The rain and the freezing cold air had turned the wet ladder into ice.  She was able to make it about three-quarters of the way up the ladder before slipping.  Suddenly, like a flash of lightning, she was on the ground, hitting it like a ton of bricks and knocking the wind out of her.  After a brief moment, she gathered herself and tried to get up.  As soon as she got up, she noticed the flashlights of two guards approaching the truck.  She knew she needed to get right back into the back of the truck, or she would be caught by the approaching guards, but she silently started to get up, she realized she wasn’t going to make it.  Thoughts of getting caught and taken to a forced labor camp raced through her head.  Her life and children passed through her mind.  Quickly, Jinny did the only thing she could think of.  She crawled under the truck and climbed onto the top of the axles.  She shimmied over the back axle and onto the middle axle, then froze.  Knowing that her chances of getting caught were great, her heart started racing like a freight train through the night.  She was so nervous that she nearly threw up.  Thoughts of the guards’ routine raced through her head as she waited for them to show.  She knew the guards used mirrors and flashlights to thoroughly check the underside of each truck.   
As the voices of the guards grew louder and the brightness of their flashlights grew brighter, Jinny became more nervous.  Her heart started to jump out of her chest and it was becoming more difficult to not throw up.  Scared and uncertain about the near future, Jinny thought this was the end.  She could see the boots of the soldiers as they approached.  The mirrors were next.  Then the glow of their flashlights.  As soon as the ray of light hit her face she heard a loud voice.  It was another solider yelling for help.  The other solider had seen another Korean trying to escape the North.  The two soldiers inspecting the underside of the truck stopped and ran to catch the other Korean trying to escape.  
Sighing with relief, Jinny felt an eerie since of quietness.  At first she was happy she had not been caught.  Then she had a feeling of sadness that someone else had been caught trying to do what she was doing.  She felt awkward, thinking that if the soldiers hadn’t captured the other person, they would have captured her and her mission would have been over.  
Shortly after the soldiers left, Jinny heard the truck make a loud noise, as if it was releasing air.  Suddenly the truck started to move, and Jinny panicked.  She could not imagine what was going on.  There she was, laying on top of three axles underneath a very large and heavy truck, and now it was starting to move.  Jinny hung on for dear life.  The drive shaft was inches from her face as it started to rotate.  She feared that her clothes would get tangled up in the mass of machinery and pull her under the tires, but she continued to hang on for dear life as the truck moved faster and faster.  The road was bumpy, making it very difficult for Jinny to use her cold numb hands to hang on.  She was about to fall when the truck stopped.  The driver had moved it as the line was shortening and getting closer to the bridge.  Jinny relaxed as best she could and caught her breath.  
Assured that the soldiers had gone away and were distracted by the commotion of a person getting caught, Jinny shimmied her way from under the truck.  Then, she carefully climbed the ladder, making sure she did not make the same mistake twice.  Once onto the top of the truck, she moved the cover aside.  Then she climbed into the back atop the salt, pulled the cover over herself, and burrowed her way into the salt.  
Soon, what had seemed like a good idea at the time turned out to not be, Jinny started to feel very uncomfortable.  She had cut herself a few times on sticker bushes hiding from the soldiers.  Soon the open wounds were full of salt.  The feeling of salt in an open wound was excruciating.  She had salt all over her, in her eyes, ears, nose, and mouth.  She wanted to jump from the truck immediately to relieve the pain, but figured out that the pain was only temporary and began to grin and bear it.  She knew that if she didn’t, she would get caught.  She also knew that if she got caught, the labor camp she would be sent to, would be her permanent home.  Suddenly, the pain didn’t feel that bad and she realized this was more problematic then she had anticipated.
As Jinny waited for the truck to move, she did start to dry and warm up.  Burrowing herself into the salt, as painful as it was, helped warm up her body.  She was still cold but not as cold as she had been when she was hiding under the truck.  Soon she was able to close her eyes and get some sleep.  Then the truck started to move.  Her heart started to race again, and she became more nervous.  As the truck crept closer to the foot of the bridge, Jinny, hoped the guards would not thoroughly inspect the load.  Once the truck stopped moving she could, again, vaguely hear the voices of the guards.  Trying to listen to what they were saying was very difficult, as her ears were full of salt.  Soon one of the guards climbed to the top of the truck.  And quickly lifted the cover.  He shone his flashlight around the back of the truck, then started prodding a long, narrow pipe deep into the payload.  On several occasions, the pipe narrowly missed Jinny.  Jinny kept wishing he would fall, as she had, but after a thorough inspection of the payload, the guard replaced the cover and climbed down.  
Soon, the truck started to move again.  Jinny felt a sigh of relief and started to relax, thinking she would be over the border soon.  As soon as she stared to feel more comfortable, though, the truck stopped.  Jinny was unsure as to what was happening and could not see or hear anything.  She started to hear some voices in an unfamiliar language.  The guards were talking to the truck driver and reviewing his paperwork.  Jinny realized she had crossed the border and she felt more at ease.  The truck started to move again.  This time it was really moving, very fast, over the bridge and down a highway.  Jinny thought she would be okay.  She climbed up from under the salt.  She then pulled the cover aside, and slowly, stood up to see what she could see.  In the dark of the night, Jimmy couldn’t see much, but did realize the scenery was different.  She knew she was in Russia and the pressure of getting caught had lessened.  A smile appeared on her face.  She raised her arms in victory.  Then reality set in, she started to get cold again.   She aware that if she got caught, she would still be in trouble, but not as much as if that had happened in North Korea.  She suddenly got a second wind, and she felt a sense of accomplishment.  But almost immediately, she felt lost.  What to do next was the question running through her head.  The next chapter in Jinny’s mission had just started.  She had no idea what to do, or what was going to happen next.       

Chapter VII
Back in Mattie’s apartment, Jinny Kim, Oksana Jin and Mattie were confused.  They did not know what to think. This was an unusual situation, and all knew that they would be in deep trouble if they were caught.  Both Mattie and Oksana also knew that if Jinny didn’t get help, her sick children would suffer more than they already had and would possibly die.  They knew, too, that what Jinny wanted to do was nearly impossible.  
Oksana started to ask Jinny questions in Korean, translating what the two were saying into English so Mattie would understand what was going on.  Oksana and Mattie were told what Jinny had gone through, what had happened in the days leading up to her ending up in an alleyway freezing cold before Mattie helped her.  They could not believe what they were hearing.  They had both heard stories about North Korea, and now the reality of those stories was setting in.  They had both had a tremendous amount of respect for the chances Jinny had taken.  Also for her toughness; many people had tried to do what she had and died trying.  Mattie knew Jinny was not your average person.  He believed that there was something special about her, and he wanted to help.  When Mattie told Oksana so she was shocked.  Oksana knew that Mattie had to leave Russia soon before his visa expired, and if he was found to have remained in the country with an expired visa, he would be sent to a Russian gulag (labor camp) for about six months.  It would take some time to help Jinny, Oksana and Mattie knew it could take more time than they had.  They knew that if Mattie overstayed his visa, it meant jail time for him.
Mattie sat down on his couch and thought for a moment.  He then told Oksana that he would help Jinny and the he would need some help from Oksana.  

Mattie quickly devised a plan.  Both he and Oksana knew one of their students, Svetlana Pliuta, was a pharmacist.  Mattie asked Oksana to contact the student to see if she could get them the medicine that Jenny’s children needed.  Oksana ran off to gather the medicine and Mattie hastily packed a bag.  Oksana was aware that it would be difficult to get the medicine, but she was determined to help Jinny.  She drove to Svetlana’s apartment and told her what had happened.  Svetlana could not believe the story and thought that Mattie and Oksana were crazy.  She told Oksana that there was no way she would be able to get the medicine from the pharmacy she worked at because its inventory records were very accurate and constantly inspected by the government.  If anything was missing, they would know right away, and Svetlana would be fired and possibly sent to jail.  
Svetlana also knew that the medicine Jinney needed for her babies was available at the local veterinary hospital and that its inventory was not inspected by the authorities.  She called her veterinarian friend Dr. Yuliia Vivdych, to ask for help.  Svetlana and Oksana jumped into Oksana’s car and headed to Dr. Vivdych’s office, where they explained what had happened.  Dr. Vivdych too, thought Oksana and Mattie were crazy for helping and could not believe Jinny’s story.  The veterinarian then reached into her bag and gave the two women some medicine, a few syringes, along with instructions about them the amount of medicine to put into the syringes and how often to give it to the children.   Oksana and Svetlana jumped into the car again and headed back to Mattie’s apartment.  
Mattie had packed his bag in a flash, and he and Jinny waited for Oksana to return.  Jinny was tired, but a shower and some fresh clothes with the excitement of getting help had given her the energy and break she needed.  Mattie and Jinny tried to relax as best they could as they waited for Oksana to get back.
Soon Oksana and Svetlana arrived at Mattie’s apartment with the medicine.  Svetlana explained to Mattie what they had to do with the medicine and wished them luck.  Mattie thought that it would be best to wait until night to cross the border, and he and Jinny tried to rest until it was dark.  Later that day they, along with Svetlana and Oksana were in Oksana’s car on their way to the Russian / North Korean border.  For Mattie, the short ride seemed like an eternity.  But they arrived and were soon off on their mission.  Oksana and Svetlana wished them luck as Mattie and Jinny walked off into the darkness of night.  
Mattie and Jinny had started a nearly impossible mission, with a plan to cross over into an evil and ruthless place.  This, beyond any doubt, would be the biggest test Mattie had ever taken.  Getting into North Korea was of little concern to him, the problem was; how would he get out?









Chapter VIII

It was a cold evening in Khasan, Russia when Jinny and Mattie started walking towards the North Korean border.  With some rest and clean warm clothes, Jinny was ready to tackle another nearly impossible mission.  She was also happy that she had gotten some medicine for her children and that she had the help of Mattie.  Mattie, on the other hand, was a bit skeptical; he was unsure of what he had gotten himself into.  Nevertheless, he continued with a desire to help an incredible lady in desperate need of assistance. Off in the distance was the Friendship Bridge, with a long line of rail cars lined up and ready to cross.  The surrounding land was desolate, a few rice paddies and a quiet shipping port to their east.  The North Korean guards had just finished their inspection and boarded the train to cross into North Korea.  As the train slowly departed, Jinny and Mattie noticed something rather disturbing.  There was a North Korean refugee running behind the train with a rope around his neck.  As the train slowly accelerated, the North Korean refugee started to walk, following the train along the tracks.  Before he knew it he was running as fast as he could to keep up with the accelerating train.  He hung in there as long as he could running faster and faster.  Soon he had all his energy sapped out of him and fell, the train dragging him the rest of the way over the bridge and into the totalitarian country of North Korea.  This was an eye-opener for both Jinny and Mattie.  Looking back north towards Russia they saw Oksana and Svetlana off in the distance driving back home.  Right then and there they understood that their mission was a high-stakes one that would define their ability to overcome difficultly and define them for the rest of their lives.  
As Mattie and Jinny moved closer to the border, they started to devise a plan.  This proved to be very difficult, as Mattie did not speak Korean and Jinny did not speak English.  The two used gestures and Mattie, knowing that Jinny had successfully evaded the guards before, followed her lead.  They moved off the side of the road and used the trees and bushes that lined the road for cover.  The closer they got, the more nervous they became.  Soon they were close enough to clearly see and hear the guards along the border.  Jinny noticed that the security on the Russian side of the border was more lax; then the security on the North Korea side, where it was unheard of for anyone to sneak through.  With a sigh of relief after witnessing the lax security, Jinny felt more comfortable.  She and Mattie crouched down and quietly moved as close as they could to the foot of the Friendship Bride that crossed into Rason, North Korea.  After they got very close, without being noticed, they started to head west.  They wanted to get further away from the bridge where all the guards were.  After traveling about a mile, they stopped and took a break.  Jinny looked over the Tumen River into North Korea.  She realized the after a few days of very cold weather, the river was frozen.  Both Mattie and Jinny crawled onto the ice river to test the thickness of the ice and, feeling that it was thick enough to support them, started to cross.  They crawled across the river on the freezing cold ice, staying on their bellies to keep a low profile.  Dusk was turning into nigh; it was growing darker and quieter and there were no guards in sight.  But after getting halfway across the river and feeling confident that they would make it to the end, Jinny and Mattie saw their plan turn for the worse.  Crawling on the ice had made them very cold and worse, they were moving very slowly.  They felt like standing up and running across the ice, but knew that if they did, it would be easy for the North Korean guards to see and catch.  They also knew if they did not hurry, they would just get colder, making the situation even more direr.  Soon Jinny and Mattie started to hear a creaking sound.  They both felt a sense of eeriness, as the night was dark and quiet.  They were not sure what the sound was and where it was coming from.  The two paused for a moment and looked at each other.  Confused and uncertain about what to do, they started to get more nervous and panic started to set in.  Suddenly, there was another loud cracking sound and a splash as Mattie fell through the ice.  He had disappeared in the blink of an eye right in front of Jinny.  There was no sign of him; he was gone.  Jinny started to panic as she became afraid of falling into the ice as Mattie had.  She did not know what to do.  Should she continue without Mattie and leave him there?   Should she try to help?  She froze as tears came to her eyes.  One moment there was a nice man trying to help her, then he was gone in the blink of an eye.  Jinny felt guilty first that she had dragged Mattie, a stranger, into this messy situation and then  felt even more guilty when she realized that Mattie had the medicine in his bag and was now gone.  The night felt colder and was again eerily quiet.  Jinny started to sob and thought the mission was over. 
Suddenly, out of nowhere she heard a noise.  Mattie came up from under the water.  He was out of breath, wet, and cold.  He frantically emerged, panting and kicking and scratching at the ice to do so.  Every time he tried to pull himself up to get out of the water, he slipped and fell back.  He and Jinny thought it would be impossible to get him out of the water.  Mattie grew colder and more desperate.  So did Jinny as she felt helpless.  Jinny then crawled on the ice closer to Mattie.  She tried to grab Mattie’s hand to help him get out of the water.  This did not work; Jinny was so petite and just slid on the ice toward the hole.  If Mattie did not let go of Jinny’s hand, they would both be in the freezing cold water.  The situation grew grimmer as time went on.  Mattie was getting colder and running out of energy.  Hypothermia was setting in and it became more difficult for Mattie to think or move.  They both thought that it was over for Mattie.  More tears came to Jinny’s eyes, only this time they started to freeze.  She was heartbroken.  Mattie went back under and the sounds grew silent.  
Unexpectedly, once again, Mattie came up out of the water.  This time he had his belt in one hand and his bag in the other.  He threw them both at Jinny.  Jinny hastily looped the belt around one of the straps to Mattie’s bag.  She them moved back and threw the bag and belt at Mattie, hanging on to one end.  This time Mattie had something to grab onto.  Jinny did everything she could to help.  She eventually was able to set the heal of her shoes into the ice.  Slowly Mattie emerged.  He was shaking radically, as his body naturally tried to warm itself.  He was in deep trouble and needed to do something right away before he froze to death.  Both Mattie and Jinny started to crawl as fast as they could to get off the ice.  This time they spread apart to not be so close to each other in an effort distribute their weight and to not fall through the ice again.  They kept moving faster and faster, it was a matter of life or death for Mattie.  Soon they arrived on dry land this time they were on the North Korean side of the river.    
Mattie and Jinny were happy to be off the ice but still in deep trouble.  Mattie was wet and cold and he needed to get dry clothes on as soon as possible.  If not the wet cloths would freeze and make him colder.  As if this was not enough of a problem, the dire situation was about to get worst.  

Chapter IX
Now on the North Korean side of the Tume River and in dire straits Mattie and Jinney knew that their mission was not close to being over.  
As Mattie frantically tried to remove wet clothes off, he and Jinny started to hear the sound of North Korean soldiers and, that sound was getting louder.  Then, they saw the glow of the soldiers’ flashlights, and they knew they were in trouble.  Quickly Jinny grabbed Mattie, and they started to run.  They were able to find some cover behind a rock surrounded by bushes.  They crouched down in the cover and hung onto each other.  They were hoping that the soldiers would not find them, because if they were discovered, they would both be sent to labor camps, never to be seen again.  As the soldiers came closer, they became more nervous.  Mattie was still wet, cold, and shivering uncontrollably.  He found it more and more difficult to stay still; he and Jinny, both thought they would be seen or heard.  The soldiers came closer and closer to them and were soon standing in front of Jinny and Mattie, looking around to see if they could find anyone.  After what seemed like an eternity, they turned and walked away.  With a sigh of relief, Mattie started to take his clothes off.  Soon he was naked, but still very cold.  He then frantically went through his bag.  He had packed some cloths in plastic bags to keep them dry, and he unpacked them and got dressed.  He immediately felt a little better getting the wet clothes off.  Leaving the pile of wet cloths, including his jacket, Mattie and Jinny continued.  Cold and startled from Mattie’s near-death experience and their close call with the border guards, they hoped the worst part of this mission was behind them. Mattie and Jinny started heading south.  Jinny knew that going south would eventually get them closer to her village of Rason and her children.  The night was dark and cold. Overcast skies with no moon or stars made it more difficult for them to see and navigate.  Mattie felt a little better after getting out of his wet clothes, but he had no jacket and was still cold.  He and Jinny started to move as fast as they could to try and stay warm.  They felt a sense of accomplishment getting over the border.  As happy as he felt, though, Mattie was still unsure as to how long and how difficult it would be to get to Jinny’s family.  To make the situation worse, Jinny was not sure where they were.  After about forty-five minutes of roaming through the forest, they finally saw and smelled the glow of a small fire.  In Rason most people heat their houses and water with wood stoves.  Jinny smiled and felt good, she and Mattie saw the city lights.  As Jinny pointed to the lights Mattie began to relax; what he most wanted was to get somewhere warm.  They started to run toward the town and were soon so close that they had to be careful to not get caught.  Mattie, being an American, stood out like a sore thumb.  The last thing Mattie and Jinny wanted would to have Mattie seen by one of the locals.  If he were seen, the locals would instantly know he was a foreigner.  They did not want to draw attention, so Mattie walked behind Jinny and looked down.  They were both happy that it was still dark.  Shortly after arriving in town, Jinny realized that she was not in her hometown.  She grew more nervous and was confused as to where she was and what direction they needed to go to get to her family.  Noticing Jinny’s concerned, nervous behavior, Mattie, too, became more fearful.  Neither he nor Jinny had any idea as to what to do.  As Mattie and Jinny continued to quietly roam around town trying to find out exactly where they were, their uncertainty grew.  The night was still dark and cold, and there were very few people on the street.  As they turned a corner to see what they could see, Jinny became startled.  There was a strange man walking down the street and they bumped into each other.  Mattie was also surprised and looked up right into the man’s eyes.  The man had asked Jinny, in Korean, for a light, she replied back saying didn’t smoke.  The strange man then looked to Mattie and asked for a light.  Mattie did what he could to be inconspicuous.  Jinny told the man that he didn’t smoke.  The man then looked at Mattie again and saw that he wasn’t a foreigner.  Worried that they would cause an incident and alarm more people in the community, Jinny and Mattie started to run.  As they ran, the strange man ran after them repeatedly yelling, “foreigner, foreigner.”  Mattie and Jinny ran as fast as they could.  Finally, they saw a small cargo truck stopped at an intersection.  As they approached they saw that the engine was running and the cab was empty.  Mattie grabbed Jinny and pointed toward the vehicle.  They jumped in, Mattie at the driver’s seat and Jinny by his side.  Mattie started driving as fast as he could to get out of town.  Looking in the mirrors he and Jinny could see old man and the owner of the truck frantically running after them.  Slowly, he grew smaller in the mirror and eventually disappeared.  As they neared the edge of the city Mattie and Jinny looked at each other and smiled.  They were both happy, first to have gotten away after nearly getting caught again and second, because the truck had heat.  They began to feel warm and comfortable for the first time in a long time.  But unsure as to which direction to go, they still had no idea as to what to do next.
Soon they arrived in another town as the sun started to rise.  Once in town Jinny noticed that people were awake and moving around.  Soon they saw a vendor on the side of the street.  They were both hungry and in need of directions.  Jinny pointed and Mattie drove towards the vendor.  There was a little old Koran lady selling Kimchi Kongnamul Guk, a traditional Korean soup made with soybean sprout and kimchi.  Once they stopped Jinny, ordered some soup for herself and Mattie.  She started to talk to the lady in a very friendly manner.  Jinny then asked the lady for directions to Rason.  After Jinny got the directions she pointed in the direction she wanted Mattie to drive.  As soon as Mattie started to drive, the little old lady on the side of the road started to yell and run after the truck.  Jinny had no money and could not pay her for the soup, and the lady was furious.  Mattie took off and started to drive as fast as he could to get out of town.  Soon they were in the countryside and heading to Rason to save Jinny’s children.  
Eventually arrived at the edge of Rason.  Mattie was wondering what to do with the vehicle, but he knew they had to get rid of it.  Jinny kept pointing in the direction she wanted Mattie to drive.  Eventually she smiled and jumped out of the moving truck.  Assuming they had arrived at Jinny’s home, Mattie drove the stolen truck into an alleyway around the corner and parked it there.  
Jinny’s home was a traditional Korean hut made of mud as rice straw.  The walls were a mixture of mud dried in the sun.  The roof was layers of straw that was left over from rice harvest.  There were pieces of glass in openings with small logs holding them in place.  The door was rough sawn wood with a primitive handle.  Inside, the floor was mud and heated with a wood burning stove.  The wood burning stove was used for cooking and heating the house.  Next to the stove was a large bucket holding about fifty gallons of water; to fill the bucket one would have to walk to the creek and shuttle small buckets of water into the house.  This water was used for cooking, drinking and bathing.  The furniture consisted of a few small tables, one for preparing the food and one for eating and studying.  A blanket hanging from the celling separated the main room from the only bedroom, which was small and had three sleeping pads on the ground.  The interior of the house was dimly lit with a few candles.  No electricity in this neighborhood, just some candles and wood to heat and light the house.  Bathrooms? Only outhouses with no running water or heat.  This was all that Jinny knew, Mattie’s apartment was the only other place she had ever stayed in.  Mattie was dumbfounded by the extent of the poverty in the area; he had never seen anything like it.  
When Mattie walked through the front door of Jinny’s home, he noticed that it was silent.  The light was dim, and Jinny was holding her motionless children.  She had tears in her eyes.  Mattie was unsure as to what had happened while Jinny had been gone, but he knew it wasn’t good.  As Mattie approached Jinny, who was still hugging her children, he saw what she was crying about:  Her parents lay motionless on the floor.  There was a small bed where Jinny’s children were laying all wrapped up to keep warm, with what was left of the rice.  When Jinny arrived, her parents’ arms had been around her children to keep them warm, but Jinny had quickly realized.  Jinny’s parents had starved to death, as so many Koreans did during that time.  They ate what little food was available and left a little for the children.  Jinny’s children were so hungry that they did not move, they could not even shed a tear or cry, they were so hungry.  Jinny started to cry.  Both had never seen such a grave situation and weren’t sure if the children were going to survive.  With Jinny’s parents lying dead on the floor and her two children barely alive, Mattie felt sad.  He added some more wood to the wood-burning stove that Jinny’s family had to warm up the house.  He felt as though he had let Jinny down.  He was unsure about what to say or do.  Moreover, he was not sure how he would ever get out of North Korea.  
Chapter X
Quickly, Jinny started to breastfeed her children.  She knew they were malnourished and in need of nutrients.  Mattie immediately went through his pack looking for the medicine that Dr.  Vivdych had given to Jinny and Oksana.  He prepared the syringes and administered the medicine as Jinny fed the children, then added some more wood to the wood-burning stove to make the home warmer.  They were all cold, tired, and hungry.  Mattie knew he needed to make the place warmer and get some food for everyone.  He also knew he had to do something with Jinny’s parents’ bodies.  After Jinny was finished breastfeeding her children, she put them to bed and started rummaging through the home and her parents’ pockets.  She was able to dredge up a few hundred Korean won, about three dollars, and ran to a local street vendor to purchase some more soup.  Mattie ran to the truck he had hidden in the alleyway and got what was left over from the soup he and Jinny had stolen earlier that day.  They warmed up the soup on the wood stove and ate.  Mattie made sure that Jinny ate all she could knowing that she would eventually have to feed her children again.  
After Mattie and Jinny were finished eating, they took a break.  Mattie had originally planned to help Jinny and return to Russia alone, but he realized that if he did so, Jinny and her children would be by themselves.  He was not sure what to do, he knew it would be more difficult to return to Russia alone, and that it would be even more difficult to go back with Jinny and her children in tow.  He also knew that eventually they would have the grim task of doing something with Jinny’s parents’ bodies.  Aware that no matter what his decision, things would be very difficult, one, Mattie tried to rest but could not. He had never been more unsure about his future.  The only thing that Mattie had going for him was that his friend Oksana and Svetlana were not far away on the other side of the North Korean / Russian border.  That there were two people he could trust with his whereabouts and knowledge of what he was doing finally gave Mattie a good idea.  He had packed a cell phone and an extra battery in his bag.  He reached into his bag and turned his phone on.  Being close to the Russian border, he was able to get a connection.  He started to text Oksana and asked her for some advice.  As soon as Oksana knew that Mattie and Jinny were in Jinny’s house, warm and safe, she felt relieved.  Mattie explained the situation to her, telling her about Jinny’s parents’ death and that if he were to leave, and now if he leaves she will be all alone.  He also explained to Oksana that the nearly impossible mission of crossing over the border from North Korea to Russia would be much more difficult with two children.  Oksana asked Mattie to hand the phone to Jinny.  Jinny and Oksana had a conversation in Korean.  After the conversation, Jinny handed the phone to Mattie so he could hear Oksana explain what she had said.  She had told Oksana to tell Mattie that she did not want to stay in Korea with her children alone.  She also did not want to leave her children in Korea.  Jinny desperately wanted to take the children out of North Korea.  After a brief pause and moment of silence, Mattie grew deeply concerned.  He knew that doing what Jinny wanted would be nearly impossible.  On the other hand, he did not want to leave Jinny and her children behind.  Mattie had started to like Jinny.  She had saved his life when he fell through the ice.  He also had so much respect for her courage and love for her children, and had fallen in love with her.   As Mattie told Oksana he was devising a plan to take Jinny and her twins back to Russia and wanted her to meet them at the border, they lost the connection.  After losing the connection, Mattie found it very difficult to tell Jinny he wanted to return to Russia with her and her children.    He tried desperately to contact Oksana again so she could explain to Jinny what he wanted to do, but to no avail.  Finally, he, decided to put more wood on the fire, give the children more medicine, and take a break.  Then curling up in bed with Jinny and the children to stay warm, Mattie started to think.  Would he be able to get everyone safely over the border?  Once over the border, what would they do?  Would he be able to get them to South Korea, or home to America?  If he could accomplish this, how would he be able to support Jinny and her children?  
As difficult as it was to get the medicine from Russia to North Korea, what was to happen next would make their last journey seam very easy.  Mattie then looked into Jinny’s eyes and noticed that there was a combination of looks.  He knew Jinny wanted to get her children out of there.  He also sensed a glow in Jinny’s eyes, a glow of love.  Yes, Mattie and Jinny fell in love. They cuddled in bed with Jinny’s children between them.  They kissed and went to sleep.  They both knew that they need rest to start their next challenge in a few days at nightfall.  











Chapter XI

After a few days of rest, Mattie, Jinny and the twins prepared for their next challenge a nearly impossible task of crossing the North Korean border into Russia and with two infant children to boot.  With the sun setting and the weather getting colder, Mattie and Jinny sprang into action.  They could not communicate, but there was a special connection the two had; they knew exactly what was going to happen next.  It was as if they could read each other’s minds.  
Jinny immediately started to breastfeed the girls.  She knew they needed food, and it would be more difficult to feed them latter when they were on the move.  Mattie prepared the syringes with more medicine, administered it, and filled some more syringes to make it easier to give the babies more medicine while on the run.  As Jinny was preparing the girls for the trip, Mattie ran outside.  Jinny wrapped the twins into some blankets and plastic to keep them warm and dry.  Under the cover of darkness, he checked the gas in the stolen.  He had noticed it had hardly any gas and they were out of food.  Mattie then snuck into another farm house in the area.  
He was able to scrounge up some kimchee and rice for the trip.  He was also able to siphon some gas out of the neighbor’s tractor.  
With some food and gas, Mattie was ready to start the mission.  Jinny was ready when he pulled the truck up to the front of the house.  She jumped in, children in her arms, and they were off.  
Excited and worried about the near future, Mattie and Jinny headed north.  With Jinny directing Mattie where to go, off into the night they went. 
Chapter XII
Jinny used gestures to direct Mattie North towards the Tumen River near the Friendship Bridge into Khasan, Russia.  Mattie, Jinny and the twins were feeling much better after getting some rest and food.  With confidence, they quickly got out of town with the stolen truck and into the countryside.  The roads in this part of North Korea are very primitive, with hardly any pavement, signs, traffic lights, or drainage.  Very rutty roads made the driving slow and uncomfortable, and Mattie had to be very careful to not get caught with a stolen truck.  He knew that the consequences of getting caught were dire, and that if this happened, he would probably die in a North Korean labor camp.  
As Mattie and Jinny got close to the border, they looked for a place to hide the truck.  The area near the border is very isolated, not much as far as farms, or any type of a community.   Most of the activity in these parts is the North Korean Army patrolling for escapees.  After driving for about thirty-five minutes, they found an abandoned building not far from the border.  Mattie hid the truck as Jinny took the opportunity to breastfeed the children.  She knew there might not be an opportunity to feed them for a while.  Once Mattie had hidden the truck, he gave the twins one shot each of the medicine.  It was the last of it and the twins were looking healthier.  This made both Mattie and Jinny very happy.  Despite being happier and healthier, both Mattie and Jinny knew the easy part of the mission was over.  Things were only going to get more difficult as they prepared to cross the border.  
Jinny grabbed one of the twins and took the lead as Mattie followed with the other twin.  This time Jinny did not want to cross into Russia over the bridge.  She knew that she had been lucky the last time she had done so and that this time would be more difficult, because of the children.  She also was a bit skeptical about crossing the frozen Tumen River after what Mattie had gone through on their way to North Korea.  As they continued to walk north under the cover of a dark sky, the air grew colder.  Jinny knew that the temperature over the past few days had been very low and that the ice on the river, had gotten thicker.  As they got closer to the river they started looking for a place to hide.  Finding an outcrop of rocks surrounded by a few trees and bushes on the banks of the river, they decided to take cover.  
Mattie looked around and could see the other side of the river, the Russian side, their destination.  It looked much further away than it actually was, but he felt confident that they could make it.  As Mattie comforted the twins, Jinny climbed one of the trees.  She wanted to get a good look at the guards patrolling the river.  As Jinny climbed the tree, Mattie felt something special inside as he was holding the twins.  He started to feel a connection with them.  So far he had only spent a few nights with Jinny and less time with the twins.  Despite this short time, he had fallen in love with them.  Now they had a mother with a deep love for her children and a man with a deep love for that mother and the children.  Mattie couldn’t remember ever feeling this way about someone.  He was not going to let them down.  Mattie became a man on a mission to save these girls.  
As Jinny climbed farther up the tree, the branches became thinner and weaker.  It was a good thing that Jinny was only about ninety pounds.  She started to become concerned as she went higher.  Not only was she aware that the branches were getting weaker; she also noticed that there was less cover the higher she climbed.  After a few minutes of climbing, Jinny became tired.  She decided to take a rest by sitting on a branch as she straddled the trunk with her legs and arms.  She was determined to get as high as she could to get a view of the border guards and see what their routine was.  Once she had caught her breath and taken a quick break, she started to climb higher.  As Mattie held the twins he watched Jinny climb higher with concern.  He didn’t want her to climb any higher because he did not want her to fall or be seen.  But higher Jinny went, nearly to the top of the tree.  As Jinny started to look around to observe the guards, she heard the sound of a cracking branch.  Jinny grew very concerned, as did Mattie.  They knew she was in trouble and would make enough noise to alert the guards if she was to fall.  Suddenly, the branch Jinny was standing on gave way in one swift movement, and she was fast was hanging on only to a thin branch approximately twenty-five feet off the ground.  Jinny’s cold hands clenched onto that thin branch for dear life.  Jinny was a strong lady, she could hang on, but her hands were frozen and the branch was starting to crack.  All the sudden, the branch broke with the speed of a flashbulb on a camera, Jinny hit the ground.  Mattie knew they were in trouble when he heard the sound of Jinny’s body hitting the frozen, hard ground.  As soon as Jinny hit the ground, he could hear all the air in her lungs leave her body.  Jinny lay on the ground motionless.  Mattie was deeply concerned.  There was enough noise for the guards to hear, and he was holding the twins.  There was no way he would to be able to carry all three of the girls to safety.  He quickly put the twins on the ground to tend to Jinny.  As Mattie approached Jinny’s still body he grew more concerned.  The guards had been alerted to the noise Jinny had made, and the glow of their flashlights was getting closer.  In a panic, Mattie grabbed Jinny and threw her over his shoulder.  He ran south, away from the area they were originally hiding in, to another outcrop of rocks.  He put Jinny’s limp body down and threw some leaves that were on the ground atop her body to conceal it.  Mattie then ran back to the tree where Jinny had fallen to retrieve the twins, but quickly realized it was too late.  The guards were fast approaching with their flashlights, and he understood that there would be no way for him to pick the twins up and move them to where he had hidden Jinny.  Mattie started to panic.  He quickly grabbed the branch that fell from the tree with Jinny, then lay on the ground over the twins and pulled the branch over them.  He was also able to pull some more leaves over them.  As the guards approached their voices grew louder and flashlights brighter.  Mattie thought that they would surely get caught.  One of the guards climbed atop of one of the rocks they were hiding behind.  Mattie could smell the guard and hear him breathe.  The guard shone his flashlight around, looking for the location of the sound they had heard when Jinny fell.  Mattie’s heart started to race like a freight train.  It seemed like an eternity as the guards searched the area.  Mattie was worried, worried that the guards would see or hear him.  He was holding his breath and holding the twins.  He was also concerned that the twins would start crying.  It seemed as though the guards would not go away.  
As Mattie and the twins continued to hide, Jinny was approximately thirty feet away under some branches and leaves.  Mattie started to worry about her.  He was hoping she was okay but did not want her to wake up after being knocked out cold, which would alert the guards.  As soon as Mattie started to worry about Jinny, she woke up.  She started to move frantically, not knowing what had just happened.  This alerted the guards and drew their attention away from Mattie and the twins.  The guards immediately moved towards Jinny.  Mattie thought it was over.  He thought that he hadn’t hidden Jinny well enough and that she would be caught.  If Jinny were caught, what would Mattie do?  He had the twins in a foreign country and had no idea how to take care of them.  Without Jinny, who would feed them?  Who would take care of them?  
As the guards approached Jinny’s hiding spot she realized what was going on.  She lay still on the frozen ground in pain.  She also grew deeply concerned.  Mattie started to think of a plan to get them out of this situation.  He reached around in the dark for a loose rock that was small enough to throw.  After gathering a few rocks, he started to throw them as far towards the river as he could.  The noise of the rocks bouncing off the ice of the frozen river alerted the guards just before they reached Jinny’s location.  Suddenly the guards turned and ran towards the river.  They ran past Mattie and the twins.  They were so occupied with finding the source of the noise that they were distracted from Mattie, Jinny, and the twins.   Once the guards were far enough away from Mattie, he started to crawl, with the twins, towards Jinny.  Slowly and quietly he approached Jinny.  Soon Mattie and the twins reached Jinny.  They were happy as they curled up together under the cover of leaves and branches.  Mattie was together with his girls and despite the situation they were in, he was happy.  	
Mattie, Jinny, and the twins waited quietly in the dark and cold night as the guards continued to search the area.  After about a half-hour, the guards moved on, and Mattie and Jinny decided to move further west away from where they had headed..  This was very difficult for Jinny as she was in tremendous pain after falling from the tree.  Mattie took Jinny’s bag, his bag, and the twins in his arms.  They slowly moved west.  Jinny had severe back and chest pain.  She thought that she had broken some ribs and seriously damaged her back.  It was difficult for her to move and breathe.  But despite the tremendous pain, she continued.  She was, once again, a mother on a mission.  This time she had more luc; she had her twins and Mattie with her.  They started to feel closer and became deeper in love as time passed.  They were not going to let go of each other again.
Once Mattie and Jinny had gotten far enough away from the guards, they again headed north towards the banks of the Tumen River.  The easy part of the mission was over.  Now they prepared for the difficult task of crossing the frozen Tumen River again this time to the freedom and safety of Russia.  
Chapter XIII
After reaching the banks of the Tumen River, Mattie and Jinny took a quick break.  While Jinny breastfed the twins and ate some kimchee and rice, Mattie quickly went to work.  He had some rope in his bag. He quickly tied lengths of rope between Jinny’s and his own, making a chain.  He then got a bunch of sticks and used his pocket knife to whittle a sharp end on each stick.  These, he and Jinny would use to stick into the ice and pull themselves across the frozen river.  Mattie would lead the way across the frozen river with the rope tied around his waist.  Behind him, about ten feet, were the two bags.  Behind the bags were the twins, who were wrapped in plastic and blankets to keep them warm and dry, and behind the twins was, Jinny, with her injured back and ribs.  Mattie knew that it would be very difficult for Jinny to crawl.  But he also knew that he would be able to pull and help her move.  He also knew this would distribute their weight, hopefully keeping them from falling through the ice, and that if anyone fell through the ice, they would be connected, making it easier and faster to get pulled from the cold water.  
Once Jinny understood what the plan was, she, Mattie, and the twins they headed out over the frozen Tumen River.  Slowly moving over the cold ice, they started to get colder.  Their bodies were freezing and started to naturally shake to warm up.  This made it more difficult to move.  They were aware that they needed to move faster, as every minute on the ice would just make them colder.  They were aware that the twins were only getting colder.  They were both concerned that the twins would get so cold they would start to get hypothermia.  They also did not want the twins to make any noise that would alert the border guards on both sides of the river.  
Moving as fast as they could, Mattie and Jinny made it halfway across the river.  They continued to get colder and kept trying to move as quickly as possible.  Soon, the twins became so cold that they started to cry.  Mattie and Jinny both knew that this was not good; the cries were loud enough to alert the guards on both sides as to their presence.  They started to move faster and closer towards the Russian border.  They accepted that eventually, the guards would hear and see them.  Soon they were no longer worried about it; they knew they were caught.  Mattie quickly got up and signaled to Jinny to do the same.  As hard as Jinny tried, she couldn’t get up.  She was too cold and in so much pain from her fall that she could not even crawl anymore.  Mattie the started to run as fast as he could.  This was very difficult, and he kept slipping and falling on the ice.   To make the situation worst, the guards on the North Korean side of the river heard them.  They aimed their lights towards Mattie and Jinny.  
The guards started to cross the frozen river to capture Mattie and Jinny before they got into Russia.  Mattie then quickly crawled to the bags.  He quickly untied the rope that was around his waist.  Then he grabbed what was left of the rope inside the bags and tied it to the end of the rope connecting everyone together.  He crawled on the ice as fast as he could towards the banks of the river on the Russian side.  Once he was on solid ground Mattie pulled the rope.  Slowly the bags, then the twins, then Jinny were on the banks of the Tumen River, this time on the Russian side.  Both Mattie and Jinny untied the rope and grabbed the twins.  They started to run further into Russia.  They were surprised to not see any guards on the Russian side of the boarder.  They were also, once again, lucky.  
A while later, once they felt they were in a safe location, Mattie and Jinny took a break.  They each grabbed one child and did what they could to comfort them and stop them from crying.  Jinny also took this time to once again feed her children.  With a moment to consider what they had accomplished Mattie and Jinny once again looked into each other’s eyes.  They both saw something special and fell deeper in love.  Mattie felt complete with Jinny and the girls.  He knew he had found someone special in Jinny and was happy to have helped her and the girls.  Mattie was a happy but a cold and tired man.
Eventually the twins stopped crying.  Mattie then grabbed the bags and the twins and started to head North with Jinny in tow.  Now that they were in Russia, Mattie was taking the lead.  He wanted to get to his apartment, where it was warm, and they had food. They quickly moved north; they were all cold and wanted to get this over as soon as they could.  Eventually, they came to a highway.  Not sure where they were, Mattie left the twins and Jinny a few feet off the road.  He grabbed his cell phone and walked down the road until he saw a sign and took a picture.  He then ran back into the woods where he had left Jinny and the twins.  He texted the picture to Oksana and asked her if she could find them.  Oksana, surprised to hear from them, texted him back and said that they were about two hours away.  Mattie was surprise that they were so far away.  With all the excitement of running from the guards, they ended up a lot farther west then they had planned.  Out of food and medicine and still very cold, they waited for Oksana to arrive.  Mattie found a few pine trees in the area and pulled as many branches off as he could.  He made a bed of pine branches and put Jinny and the twins on the ground, covering them with more branches to keep them warm.  With Jinny curled up with the twins under the warm pine tree branches, Mattie move closer to the highway to wait for Oksana.  
Mattie wasn’t the least bit concerned about Oksana arriving.  He knew she would do whatever it took to get to them.  However, he was deeply concerned about his girls.  He knew they were cold, hungry and in pain.  He was in love with his girls and he didn’t want them to suffer any more than they already had suffered.  
 Chapter XIV

After waiting for two hours Oksana and Svetlana arrived.  Mattie was very happy.  He ran into the woods to get Jinny and the twins and carried them to the car.  It was a good thing Svetlana was with them, because Jinny was in bad shape and the twins needed more medicine.  Immediately after they got into the car, Oksana sped off back to Mattie’s apartment.  Happy to see his friend Oksana and to be back in Russia, Mattie took a deep breath and relaxed.  They had turned on the heat in the car to warm themselves up and Svetlana attended to the children.  She gave them some more medicine and handed some food to Jinny and Mattie.  Svetlana then attended to Jinny.  She noticed that she was in agony and upon further exanimation noticed that Jinny had some broken ribs and there was something seriously wrong with her back.  Jinny was not concerned with herself; her priorities were her children.  Jinny fed the twins and then relaxed for the two-hour ride to Mattie’s apartment.  Both Mattie and Jinny were finally at ease and proud of their accomplishment.  They had gotten medicine to the children and got back to Russia in just a few days.  They were fed, warm and happy to be with friends.  Yes, they did know that they still had a long way to go to get to America but for now, they were content.  
After a two-hour drive back to Mattie’s apartment, Mattie and Jinny started to settle in and get comfortable.  Jinny took a shower and put her dirty clothes into Mattie’s washing machine.  While Jinny was in the shower, Svetlana took a closer look at the twins and saw that they were in great shape.  Mattie also told Oksana and Svetlana about their journey into and then out of North Korea.  They were both amazed that the two of them had been able to make it and wanted to continue to help.  After a few hours of showering, giving the twins a bath, and relaxing they ordered food.  They knew that the twins were doing well, but they still needed a healthy mother to breastfeed them.  Svetlana had told Mattie and Oksana that Jinny had a few broken ribs and a problem with her back.  Svetlana felt that the twins were fine and just needed some rest. 
Once it was dark, Svetlana, Oksana and Jinny went to Svetlana’s office to get some x-rays.  From the x-rays, Svetlana determined that Jinny had three broken ribs and some serious muscle damage in her back.  She found some medicine to relieve Jinny’s pain and reduce the swelling to make her comfortable.  She also said that Jinny would need to rest for at least a week before moving.  There was still a major problem: Jinny and Mattie were in Russia illegally.  The visa that had allowed Mattie to work in Russia had expired, and if he was found to have remained there, he would be sent to a Russian jail. Jinny and the children also had entered the country illegally, and if they were to get caught, they would be sent to jail, or even worse, sent back to North Korea, never to be seen again.  
Svetlana, Oksana, and Jinny returned to Mattie’s apartment.  Oksana filled in Mattie as to Jinny’s condition and that they needed to stay for at least one more week.  Oksana, Svetlana, and another friend, Yulia, also agreed to help Mattie, Jinny, and the children by buying food, diapers, and more medicine.  Oksana had also agreed to contact one of her former students who was a member of the Russian mafia to help get the documents Mattie, Jinny, and the children needed.  Mattie and Jinny were very grateful for all the help they were getting from their Russian friends.  Moreover, they were happy to be together in a warm and comfortable place with the food and medicine they needed to survive.  After chatting for a while Jinny and the twins went to bed.  Mattie was happy, and his friends knew it.  They noticed that there was something different about him.  They could see that he and Jinny were in love.  Oksana, Svetlana, and Yulia were happy for their friend Mattie and left for the evening with promises to return the next day with some more supplies.  Mattie then relaxed for the first time in quite a few days.  He was happily in love and content with Jinny and her children.  





Chapter XV

Late in the morning, Mattie and Jinny woke up.  They were happy to be together with the twins in a warm and safe place.  Mattie knew that they needed food and rest, or they would never make it to America.  The twins were getting healthier, but Jinny was still too injured to move.  Mattie wanted Jinny and the twins to relax, so he got to work and made his favorite breakfast and tea.  Mattie’s favorite breakfast was what his family called “cowboy eggs” and they loved to serve it with chorizo.  It was a simple, yet delicious breakfast.  To make it, Mattie would first grill the chorizo in a pan and keep the grease there once the chorizo was grilled. Then he would make a hole in a few pieces of bread and toast it in the pan with the grease from the chorizo.  Once one side of the bread was toasted he would flip it over and crack an egg inside the hole he had made in the toast.  Finally, after cooking the egg for a few minutes, Mattie would flip the cowboy egg over again and add some salt, pepper, and a little bit of cheese.  Mattie served Jinny breakfast in bed; she has never seen anything like it.  Back home, all she and her family had had in the morning was some rice and a little bit of kimchee; she did not know what to do or how to eat the food.  Despite speaking hardly any Korean, Mattie showed Jinny how to eat cowboy eggs.  He dipped the piece of bread that had been left-over from making the hole in the toast and dip it into the soft egg.  Then when finished, he would use a fork to eat the rest, including his favorite part, the chorizo.  Jinny was amazed that Mattie could cook and was excited to have a home-cooked breakfast.  Following a few false starts, Jinny was able to comfortably use a fork. It was the first time she had ever seen fork one, and she preferred it over the chopsticks she had grown up with.  As soon as she was finished, Mattie cleaned up and Jinny took a hot shower, another thing she had for the first time.  Growing up, all she had had was a tub that had to be filled with buckets of water at the well or creek and carried into the house.  Hot water was made on the stovetop and poured into the bathtub.  Jinny was starting to enjoy the finer things in life.  
Svetlana, Oksana and Yulia came to see Mattie and Jinny that evening bearing plenty of supplies, including food and diapers.  This was another first for Jinny; she had never used diapers before, Jinny and her family had grown up in a very poor country.  Babies never had diapers, just some sand on the floor until they could use the bathroom.  Because Svetlana, Oksana and Yuliia had no children and Jinny had never seen diapers before, no one was sure about how to put a diaper on a baby or change one for that matter.  Mattie watched quite a show as the four ladies tried to put a diaper on for the first time.  In fact, they all had a great laugh.  Both Mattie and Jinny were very grateful for their support.  Once everything was settled in Mattie’s apartment they started to devise a plan. They knew it was not going to be easy and was also very risky.  They decided that the best option was to get to South Korea where there were great programs for North Korean refugees and they spoke the same language that Jinny knew.  Oksana made a few phone calls to her former student who was in the Russian mafia to see if he could help with documents for Mattie, Jinny and the twins.   
The Mafia was deeply embedded in Russia and has been since the collapse of the Soviet Union.  One of the activities for which it was – and is – known for is counterfeiting money and official documents.  That was just what Mattie and Jinny needed to get out of Russia.  Mattie needs a proper visa extension and for Jinney and the twins passports and visas.
The man Oksana knew was named Vladimir, and he agreed to meet Yuliia and Mattie to see if he could help.  Later that evening Mattie and Yuliia went to meet Vladimir as Svetlana and Oksana stayed with Jinny.  After a few minutes they started to watch TV and play with the twins.  Both Svetlana and Oksana were falling in love with the twins, just as Mattie had a few days before.   
Mattie and Yulia were shocked that Vladimir’s apartment was in a very bad neighborhood.  The apartment was in an old, Soviet-style apartment building.  There was graffiti and gang signs all over the place.  There were thugs, drunks, prostitutes and homeless all over the place.  Mattie and Yulia could hardly move without being approached by a panhandler, prostitute, or drug dealer.  They were concerned with the crime there, and Yuliia didn’t want her car stolen.  She called Vladimir and expressed her concern.  Vladimir came out of the apartment and opened the door to the parking garage.  Mattie and Yulia were surprised to see so many very expensive European sports cars in the garage.  
After Vladimir led Mattie and Yuliia to the elevator, he inserted a key into the control panel and pushed a few buttons.  The elevator then sped up to the top floor and opened.  As soon as the door opened Mattie and Oksana were amazed.  There they were in the middle of a high-crime ghetto on the top floor of an old Soviet-style apartment building in the lap of luxury.  There were gold fixtures and expensive furniture as far as the eye could see.  Many of Vladimir’s colleagues were dressed to the nines.  The men wore very expensive European designer suits; the women, expensive evening gowns, expensive jewelry, and perfectly styled hair and nails.  This place was better than a five-star hotel room.  Shocked, Mattie and Yulia followed Vladimir to his office, and Yulia explained Mattie’s and Jinny’s situation to him in Russian.  Mattie was confused as to what they were talking about, but he knew it was about him.  After a few minus of explanation, Vladimir looked at Mattie with a shocked look on his face and said in English “I can’t believe you were crazy enough to go to North Korea and back.”  “I can’t believe you survived”.  Vladimir had respect for Mattie and in his culture, which meant a lot.  Mattie explained to Vladimir how he and Jinny had accomplished their mission, and Vladimir was impressed.  Mattie also explained that his visa was expired and that Jinny had no documents.  Mattie and Jinny desperately needed the proper paperwork to get out of Russia.  Mattie also had to get to Korea for his new job and wanted to bring Jinny and the twins with him.  He had planned on exiting Russia by taking a ferry from Vladivostok to Wakkanai, Hokkaido, Japan.  He also told Vladimir that all he needed was the proper visa extension to get out of Russia and that his current passport was good.  The problem was that Jinny and the twins did not have passports.  Vladimir told Mattie not to worry, because the Russian mafia had many connections at the port of call in Vladivostok.  He could escort Mattie, Jinny, and the twins through immigration and onto the ferry to Japan.  The problem was that the passports Jinny and the twins needed would take a few days to process.  Because the people at the port of call in Vladivostok were friends of Vladimir he could do Mattie’s passport for free.  But the passports for Jinny and the twins were complicated and were going to be expensive.  Mattie and Vladimir shook hands to seal the deal.  As Mattie and Yuliia were in the elevator and exiting the building, they talked about how easy it would be for Vladimir to get the necessary paperwork and the help Mattie and Jinny leave Russia.  Yuliia was not surprised that Vladimir could get them into or out of Russia; she knew there was a lot of corruption in Russia.  She was a little concerned about the passports, though, and hoped that everything would turn out okay.  Mattie, feeling that this was going to be too easy, grew concerned.
Soon Mattie and Yulia were back at Mattie’s apartment.  Oksana, Svetlana and Yuliia commented on how Mattie looked when he got back to his apartment.  They spoke in Russian about Mattie and how he was in love with Jinny and the twins.  They were happy for him.  After Oksana filled in everyone about the plan to exit Russia and how they were going to get passports, the three ladies left.  Mattie then found a note that Oksana had slipped into his breast pocket.  It was a Korean-to-English translation that said, “I love you”.  It was then that Mattie uttered his first words of Korean to Jinny; “salanghes”.  She smiled and embraced Mattie.  They the cuddled up in bed with the twins for some needed rest.  
After another good night’s rest Mattie, again, made Jinny a healthy breakfast in bed.  He then contacted Whitney Glass, an old friend of his whom he had met while teaching English in Japan a few years before.  He explained his situation to Whitney and asked for help.  He promised that she would be in no trouble because of the documents they would get from Vladimir.  She agreed, promising Mattie that he and his family could stay at her place for a few days and that she would get a Japanese friend of hers to help the with the train and ferry tickets they would need to get to South Korea.  Mattie’s plan was coming together and he was proud of his accomplishments.  All they needed to do now was wait for Vladimir to come through with the passports.










Chapter XVI
After a few days of confinement in Mattie’s apartment, Jinny and Mattie started to get cabin fever.  They were happy to be in a safe place and to be together.  But they did not want to go out because they wanted the twins to rest and they were fearful of getting caught without the proper documents by the Russian police.  In Russia, all people must carry identification and the authorities can stop anyone at any time to ask for their identification.  
Late in the afternoon Oksana and Vladimir showed up at the apartment.  They were in a hurry, and Vladimir explained to Mattie that his connections at the port of call in Vladivostok was going on vacation and that was the last day they could leave; otherwise, they would have to wait another three weeks to get out of Russia.  Vladimir gave Jinny the passports for herself and the twins and helped her and Mattie pack their bags.  Svetlana and Yuliia had given Oksana money for them and asked Oksana to wish them luck.  After hastily packing their bags and preparing the twins, Mattie and Jinny, along with Oksana piled into Vladimir’s car and headed to the train station in Khasan. There, Oksana bid Mattie and Jinny farewell.  She was happy to see them start a new chapter in their life and wished them well.  Mattie, Jinny, and Vladimir then got on the train for a few hours’ trip to Vladivostok.  It was a somber moment that stressed the duality of mankind, they were both, at the same time, happy and sad happy to start their new chapter in life, and sad to say goodbye to a dear friend and great person who had been helpful beyond compare.  With tears in their eyes, Jinny and Mattie waved farewell to an equally tearfull Oksana as the train quickly pulled away.
With the train in full motion, Vladimir told Mattie his plan.  Their discussion was in English, which attracted the attention of the other passengers because foreigners in this area of Russia were few and far between.  They tried to be inconspicuous as possible.  Mattie and Jinny tried to relax with the twins, but their anxiety made that impossible, especially as they were the only foreigners on the packed train.  Meanwhile, Vladimir was cool, calm and collective as he conducted business on his smart phone.  The rocking motion of the older, but comfortable and quiet train put the twins at ease and they rapidly fell asleep amidst the conversations of most of the other passengers, who were happily having conversations (with many reminiscing about the “bad old days” of the Soviet Union) and eating a late afternoon snack.
Following a few hours’ journey, the train pulled into the Vladivostok station and Mattie, Jinny, Vladimir, and the twins got off.  Vladimir had Jinny and Mattie wait outside the train station so he could go find his friend who worked for Russian Immigration.  When Vladimir returned several minutes later, he walked them into a dark room off to the side of the train station.  The train station was an old, Soviet-style building built in the 1950s’, plain and simple, like all other buildings built in those days.  The building was mostly concrete and felt cold and damp.  Passengers moved about as if it were just another day and had no idea what the only two foreigners in the train station had planned.  There was a large and drunk man sitting in the room.  He frightened Mattie and Jinny, but there was something about Vladimir that made them relax.  Vladimir and the drunk man exchanged some words in Russian and Mattie was confused.  Then Vladimir and the man began to argue, making the situation tense.  Mattie asked what the problem was.  The man said that he wanted one hundred American dollars each and sex with Jinny if he were to let them out of the country.  Mattie told Vladimir that they don’t have that much money and that he had never told him it was going to cost that much.  Vladimir knew there was a problem, as his connections in immigration typically charged twenty dollars per person to get individuals through the immigration process without the proper paperwork. The drunk man immigration was concerned that Mattie and Jinney would get caught with the children and his boss would find out that he had let them through.  Mattie, Jinny and Vladimir left with the twins and Vladimir made a few more phone calls.  Fifteen minutes’ later a man whom Vladimir knew arrived.  Vladimir explained the situation to him, pointing out that Mattie and Jinny were good people.  Vladimir had some clout with this man because he knew about his connections; Vladimir convinced him that with his clout, a little help would go a long way.  After a brief farewell to Vladimir, the man Jinny, Mattie, and the twins through the immigration office without a hitch.  Their passports were stamped with the proper visa, and they were on their way.  The man understood their situation and wanted to help them.  He knew about the conditions in North Korea and was glad for Jinny and her children could escape them.
As Jinny and Mattie waited in line to purchase ferry tickets to Hokkaido, Japan, the situation remained tense.  While they had cleared through immigration and had their visa stamps in their passports, they could not forget that there were more border crossings to come.  They had to face the fact that they had help in Vladivostok and gotten lucky, but were now on their own in a strange place.  The port was busy that day; there had been some rough waters, and ferry were delayed.  Like the train station, the ferry terminal was plain and had a damp and cold feeling.  It was very crowded and confusing for Mattie and Jinny.  This was not a popular tourist area, and very few people spoke English.  While they were trying to purchase their tickets, Mattie could not find anyone who spoke English or understood what little Russian he knew.  Then Jinny heard people speaking Korean; they were two Korean businessmen on the way to Japan and then home to South Korea.  She asked them for help and got the ferry tickets they needed.  Looking at Mattie, Jinny had a smile and they both felt like a team working hand-in-hand to accomplish their mission.  Tickets in hand, they moved to the waiting area and had some time to relax while waiting for their ferry.  
Luckily, there were many English, speaking tourists who were also waiting for the ferry, and Mattie struck-up a conversation with a French tourist to kill some time.  He noticed that one of the tourists had a computer with a wireless internet connection.  Mattie asked her if he could use her computer to contact a friend in Japan to let her know he, Jinny and the twins would arrive there.  She happily said “yes” and Mattie used Facebook to message Whitney Green, his friend in Japan who had said she could help them.  He also messaged Oksana to let her know they had made it to the ferry.  Oksana was relieved to hear the news and wished them well.  Mattie’s plan was working nicely, and he and Jinny were happy.  They knew that soon they would be on the ferry and out of Russia but again, there was still a long way to go.
On the ferry, Mattie and Jinny found a wide-open, quiet, comfortable area where passengers could relax and get some sleep.  Most passengers had brought a pillow and small sleeping pad with them to sleep for the eight-hour journey.  Once settled in Mattie, went to the cafeteria on the ferry and got some food for Jinny.  Jinny was also able to feed the twins.  They chilled out and looked like one happy family.  Mattie and Jinny curled up together in a quiet corner with the twins and got some long-awaited rest.  This was difficult with all the tourists on the ferry and the loud music was coming from the nightclub on the boat’s upper deck.  Despite these challenges and being stressed out form the challenging journey, they were able to get some rest.  


Chapter XVII
The overnight trip to Hokkaido seemed like an eternity.  A combination of anxiety about what would happen next and the noise of the crowd made it fraught with tension, they found it nearly impossible.  Early in the morning, the crew made announcements in Russian and Japanese.  Mattie was not sure of what they were saying; he just grabbed the bags and the twins and went with the flow of the crowd.  He and Jinny, with the twins in tow, made their way outside the main cabin area to get some fresh air and to see the sights.  It was a cold and foggy day, but they were happy to get the fresh air.  Like a miracle, as soon as Mattie and Jinny reached the front of the ship, the fog lifted, the sun came out, and they were able to see Japan ahead.  Mattie and Jinny looked at each other and smiled.  They knew they would soon set foot on Japanese soil, one step closer to their new home.  
As the ship approached the docks, its top deck became more crowded.  Most passengers were excited that the trip was almost over.  Mattie and Jinny did what they could to get towards the exit of the ferry.  Once the ship had fully docked, the gates opened and Mattie and Jinny were among the first people off the ship.  They were so happy that they almost danced as they made their way down the gangway and onto the ground.  Finally, they were out of Russia and on Japanese soil.  Soon they made their way to the lines for the immigration office.  The immigration office was very different from what they had experienced in Russia, it was more modern, cleaner, and well organized.  Mattie and Jinny also felt a little more comfortable seeing signs in English and followed them to a waiting area.  They were still a little nervous, but not as nervous as they had been in Russia, even though in Japan, they were on their own and in Russia, they had had the help of Vladimir.   Mattie and Jinny tried to remain as calm as they could, but as they got closer to the immigration officer, it grew more difficult.  Soon the twins started to cry.  This made Jinny and Mattie more nervous; they did everything they could to comfort them.  Everyone in the line was staring at them; they both felt very embarrassed.  Soon an immigration officer approached them and asked them if they could speak English.  Mattie smiled and said “yes.”  The immigration officer then asked if they were traveling together.  They both smiled and again, Mattie said “yes.”  The immigration officer then told Mattie and Jinny to come with her.  Mattie grew nervous and thought that she saw them as suspicious people.  He grew fearful about what could happen next.  As they were walking towards a room next to the immigration officer’s desks, he became more nervous.  He worried that the fake passports that Jinny and the twins had would not be good enough.  He knew that his passport was legitimate, but that if Jinny got caught with a fake one, she and the twins would be held in the immigration jail.  Mattie wanted to tell Jinny that if she were caught with fake passports, to tell the officer that she was a North Korean refugee.  This would give her and the twins’ special privileges.  Mattie’s palms grew clammy as his heart rate increased.  He also started to sweat and was concerned that he looked more conspicuously guilty.  This would also delay their journey to South Korea, but be better than getting caught and being put in jail in Russia.  The fact that Jinny and the twins had fake American passports also worried Mattie.  Jinny could not speak English and he thought that this would cause an alarm as the immigration officers questioned her.  The immigration officer escorted them into the room and had them sit down and wait.  The wait seemed like an eternity and Mattie and Jinny grew more nervous.   Eventually the immigration officer asked them for their passports.  Mattie, who was holding all the passports handed them to her.  She then started to question Mattie.  He answered all her questions as calmly as he could as the twins continued to cry.  Jinny then started to breastfeed the twins.  This distracted the immigration officers, who wanted to get rid of them as soon as she could.  She asked Mattie about Jinny and the twins.  He once again answered the questions calmly and said that they were married and the twins were their children.  When the officer asked why he and Jinny did not have the same last name, Mattie grew so nervous that he almost threw up.  Mattie started to think of an answer as quickly as he could.  He then said that Jinny is Korean and it is Korean tradition for women to keep their maiden name.  The immigration officer then smiled and walked away with the passports.  She scanned them and asked to take everyone’s picture.  She also scanned everyone’s fingerprints, including the twins’.  The officer then gave the passports back to Mattie and told him and Jinny to enjoy their trip.  Relieved, Mattie walked out of the immigration office with Jinny and the twins in tow.  This chapter of their journey was over.  They were happily in Japan waiting for Mattie’s friend Whitney.  
As soon as they exited the immigration office, Mattie and Jinny sat down and Jinny finished feeding the twins.  They were happy to have survived.  They could not believe that they had gotten this far.  Soon the twins were fed and sleeping.  Mattie and Jinny waited for Whitney to arrive and take them back to her apartment.  
Not long afterward, Whitney arrived in a taxi.  As soon as she saw Mattie, she was relieved that he was safe.  They quickly got another taxi to take them back to Whitney’s apartment.  During the two-hour ride, Mattie told Whitney about what he and Jinny had done.  She was amazed and thought they were crazy.  But once she found out about Jinny’s situation, she was happy that she could help.  

At Whitney’s apartment, Mattie and Jinny unpacked their bags and tended to the twins.  The apartment was a typical studio apartment for Japan, small but very well organized and designed to be very efficient as possible, with every square inch of space used.  The kitchen was much smaller than Mattie’s kitchen back in Russia had been, and so was the bathroom.  With the four of them in this apartment there was hardly any room to breathe.  Whitney was happy to see her friend Mattie and they talked about what he planned to do.  Mattie and Jinny were grateful for Whitney’s help and they ordered some food.  After eating they relaxed for the night and fell asleep.
Earlier the next morning Mattie made everyone breakfast and Whitney’s friend Asahi arrived.  Asahi, was amazed by Jinny’s story and also offered to help, running to the train station to purchase tickets for Jinny, Mattie, and the twins to travel on the only train from Hokkaido to Osaka.  Asahi was so impressed with the journey Jinny and Mattie had made that he purchased the tickets for them, choosing a first-class cabin on the Twilight Express for the nearly 12-hour trip.  Later that day, Asahi drove Mattie, Jinny, the twins, and Whitney to the train station.   They were so grateful for the help that Whitney and Asahi had given them.  It was a difficult and sad goodbye, but everyone was grateful that Mattie and Jinny were safely on the train and closer to the end of their journey.  Mattie and Jinny found their cabin and settled in.  They had something to eat and fed the twins, then cuddled up in bed together for the long trip to Osaka.  Mattie and Jinny were so stressed from the challenges of the past few days that they slept nearly the entire trip.  Before they knew it, they were in Osaka.  They were prepared for the next and final leg of their trying journey.  

Chapter XVIII
Mattie and Jinny were happy to get off the train once in Osaka.  It had been a long train ride with the four of them confined to a Japanese sized cabin the entire time.  They were afraid to move around the train with the twins, and they did not want to raise suspicions.  
Mattie knew that their journey was almost over and he knew this last leg would be challenging.  When he and Jinny first arrived in Japan they had help from their friends Whitney and Asahi.  But now, in Osaka, they were alone, in a foreign country with no grasp of the local language they needed to get to the ferry terminal.  Mattie immediately started looking for a tour company after getting out of the train station.  After about an hour of roaming around the area, he was able to locate one.  There were many available seats on the ferry from Osaka to Busan, South Korea; the only problem was the weather.  A typhoon, rare for the season that was approaching the area, and Mattie and Jinny could not get tickets for the ferry until the weather cleared up.  Mattie asked the tour agency if they could help him find a cheap hotel in the area.  Eventually one was found, and Mattie, Jinny and the twins settled in for a long wait for the weather to clear up.  They bathed the twins and put them down for a nap, ordered takeout food from a local restaurant and enjoyed dinner in the hotel room.  Soon Mattie, Jinny and the twins were cuddling up in the bed for a good night sleep.  Mattie thought about what had happened over the past ten days.  He was happy that he had taken the chance to help Jinny and the twins.  He had known the risks when he started, and now he peacefully rested in bed, knowing he had done the right thing.  Early the next morning, the cries of the twins woke Mattie and Jinny.  As Jinny got up and started to feed the twins, Mattie ran back to the tour agency.  He was hoping to get the tickets to Busan so they could finish this journey.  Luckily, the typhoon had passed, slightly missing the area, and the ferries had started to run again.  Mattie purchased the tickets and returned to the hotel with some more takeout food for himself and Jinny.  Once they were finished eating, they packed their bags and headed to the tour agency to board a bus bound for the one-hour trip to the ferry terminal.  
At the ferry terminal, Mattie and Jinny had to make their way through immigration.  Mattie was nervous.  He knew he would be okay because his passport was legitimate, but he was worried about the gorged passports for Jinny and the twins and feared they would get caught.  To his relief, they made it through immigration without a hitch, and waited on line for the next ferry, which ws late but finally set sail.   Mattie and Jinny looked at each other and smiled.  They were on their way to South Korea.  They had come a long way, and they knew it was almost over.  They also acknowledged that they could not have done this without each other.  They were a team, and they were in love.  
The excitement of finishing their journey made it very difficult for Mattie and Jinny to rest on the boat.  They could not wait to be on land again and to set foot on South Korean soil.  Soon the ferry started to slow down and prepare for docking at the Busan ferry terminal.  Mattie and Jinny looked out the front window of the ferry and could see South Korea.  They were so happy to have gotten this far that tears came to their eyes.  Mattie and Jinny knew that once they were in South Korea, Jinny would be able to communicate with people, and that once she told the immigration officers that she was a North Korean refugee, she would be safe.  Thanks to the South Korean government’s special program for North Korean refugees, Jinny and the twins would have a safe place to live and access to medical attention.  Jinny was grateful that the future of her children would be much better than her life had been.  
After disembarking from the ferry and joining the line to make their way through immigration, Mattie and Jinny could finally see that the journey they had embarked on the week before was almost over.  Speaking Korean to the immigration officers, Jinny explained that she had escaped North Korea with her twins and the help of Mattie.  The immigration officers immediately took Jinny and the twins to the side, without Mattie.  Jinny started to pull away from the guards to grab Mattie.  She screamed at the guards’ in Korean.  She did not want to leave Mattie.  She thought that she would never see him again.  Jinny and Mattie had been through a lot over the past week.  She was in love with him and she did not want to be separated.  She kept yelling at the guards and trying to pull away; she stated to cry.  Mattie was also trying to tell the immigration officers what had happened and tried to follow Jinny and the twins.  He, too, did not want to be separated form Jinny and the twins.  Mattie had fallen in love with them and he was afraid that he would never see them again if they were separated.  The guards started to grab Mattie, who tried to pull away.  He screamed, in English, trying to tell the officers what had happened.  Eventually the officers understood the situation and allowed Mattie to follow Jinny and the twins.  Once Mattie and Jinny were together, they grabbed hold of each other, promising to never let go.  Eventually they were in the office describing to a bilingual immigration officer what had happened.  The officers were amazed at what Mattie and Jinny had been able to pull off.  They also thought they were crazy.  Once Mattie and Jinny were finished telling how they had gotten there, the officers filled out some paper-work.  Then Jinny and the twins were free and safe.  Unfortunately, Jinny and the twins had to go to Seoul for some more paperwork, and Mattie also had to start his new job at Changwon University as an English teacher.  There would be a five-hour train ride separating them, but Mattie could see Jinny and the twins on the weekends.
Soon Mattie had to go to Changwon, where he planned on staying with some friends until his job started and he could get his own apartment.  He and Jinny bid farewell.  It was a sad farewell, but they knew they would see each other soon.  
As Mattie and Jinny bid their farewell, there wasn’t a dry eye in the immigration building.  Mattie would miss Jinny and the twins, but he understood and accepted that they had to go for a few weeks to take care of some paperwork and address any health issues with the babies.  
During the drive to Seoul, Jinny could not believe what she saw through the window of the car.  She had been outside Rason before her first trip to Russia and she had never seen.  The cars amazed her; there had only been a few cars and small trucks in the neighborhood she grew up in.  She pinched herself a few time to see if she was dreaming.  Sad to be away from her love, Mattie, but happy to start her new life in a free country with her two girls,  Jinny was speechless during the trip and still could not believe what had transpired over the past ten days.  
Meanwhile, on the bus to Changwon, Mattie, was able to relax now that he, Jinny, and the twins were safely in South Korea.  He was also happy that they had been able to complete a nearly impossible mission.  He missed Jinny and the twins, and he knew that he would see them soon.  He had met Jinny only ten days prior to arriving in South Korea.  He had never thought he would be able to fall in love with anyone else after losing his wife to a tragic accident at a young age, but he was sure that he was in love with Jinny and the twins.  He was separated from them now, but only for a short time.  
After the one-hour bus ride to Changwon, Mattie met up with his friends and found a couch to sleep on for a few days.  He was ready to start his new job and excited, but still missed Jinny and the twins.   As he thought about the journey he and Jinny had just completed, he reminisced about the history classes he had when he was a young student.  He came to the conclusion that he had just fallen in love with someone for the first time since his wife had passed.  He felt that Jinny and the twins were his true loves and was happy that they could spend the rest of their lives together.  
Chapter XIX
After spending a few days with some friends he had made during his first time in Korea a few years’ back, Mattie started to feel at home.  He also missed Jinny and the twins.  He was glad that they were safe and he was ready to start his new job.  He eventually found an apartment and began teaching at Changwon University, but every chance he had, he took the five-hour train ride from Changwon to Seoul to see Jinny and the twins.  During his visits to Seoul, he taught Jinny English and while Mattie was gone, Jinny worked tirelessly to learn the language.  She was in love with Mattie and wanted to clearly communicate with him.  Being a hard worker and determined, Jinny was able to learn English in a short time.  After a few months, she and the twins were ready to move to Changwon and live with Mattie.  
When they arrived in Mattie’s apartment, Jinny was pleasantly surprised.  Mattie had gone shopping.  He had purchased two used cribs for the twins from a young couple living in Changwon.  Once the couple heard Mattie’s story, they refused to take any of his money.  He had also painted the twins room and purchased all the clothes and supplies they needed.  With the help of friends who worked with Mattie and gave him a lot of things he needed, he and Jinny had a lovely apartment in a quiet neighborhood.  Mattie was also a great cook and had stocked the apartment with food for everyone.  Mattie’s friends were thrilled for him and Jinny and wanted to throw them a party. 
Later that night Mattie, Jinny, and the twins went to the International Pub in the center of Changwon.  Mattie was a regular at this pub and his friends wanted to celebrate the journey that he had just finished.   They were also very excited to meet Jinny and the twins.  All of Mattie’s friends were happy to see Mattie with his true love, Jinny and the twins.  It was a joyous celebration.  Jinny was so happy that Mattie had so many nice friends, both foreign and Korean.  Jinny made many new friends and was glad that some of Mattie’s friends also had young children.  Jinny was able to create a network of friends and could not have been happier.  
Soon Jinny and the twins were able to settle into their new home.  Jinny would take the twins to their new friends’ houses, and they would also meet in the park or a café.   The friends that Jinny and Mattie had made were like a second family.  They were both very happy and in love, they wanted to spend the rest of their lives together.  One night Mattie rented a car and took Jinny and the twins to the mountains for a nice quiet weekend.  After a long five-hour drive, and some help from a bi-lingual navigation system, they arrived at a romantic pension in the mountains.  Years ago, when Mattie was in Korea his first time, he had made some friends who lived in the Gangwon-do area.  One of the many friends Mattie had made during his travels was a nice Korean lady named Sun-a Kang.  Sun-a owned a nice place in the mountains of Injea, Gangwon-do, close to the border of North Korea and near the East Sea.  This place was known as Eunbiryung.  Eunbiryung was a combination of a café, bar, restaurant, and guesthouse all rolled up into one.  As soon as Mattie, Jinny, and the twins arrived, they went to the kitchen to see Sun-s.  As soon as Mattie stepped into the kitchen and saw Sun-a they both smiled, ran towards each, other and embraced in a big hug.  They were good old friends and had not seen each other in a long time.  Mattie introduced Jinny and the twins to Sun-a and then moved into their small private room to unpack their bags.  Sun-a invited them to dinner with some of her friends later that night and Mattie and Jinny proudly accepted the invitation.  Jinny was pleased to meet some more of Mattie’s friends.  She noticed that Mattie’s friends were very nice and friendly and soon Mattie’s friends became Jinny’s friends.  She could not have been more content, but as happy as as she was, what was about to happen would make her happier for the rest of her life.  
Chapter XX
Mattie and Jinny, along with the twins, sat down for dinner with Sun-a and her friends.  Sun-a was a hard-working lady who ran a tight ship at Eunbiryung.  She was busy as usual but always made time for friends.  She also had the help of her husband Maddie O’Malley.  Sun-a’s friend and employee Emma Choi and her boyfriend Jerry Hoffman were there to lend a hand.  After having a few drinks Mattie, Jinny, Sun-a, Maddie, Emma, and Jerry sat down to eat a home cooked traditional Korean meal.  Sun-s, who had known Mattie for many years, knew there was something different about him.  She knew that he was happily in love with Jinny and she knew they would make a great couple.  Once they started eating, Emma asked Mattie how he had met Jinny.  With a smile on his face he told his story.  Sun-a, and her friends were amazed at what Mattie and Jinny had been able to accomplish.  After finishing dinner, Maddie and Jerry made a fire outside as Jinny, Emma, and Sun-a cleaned up.  Well into the night they sat by the fire, drinking homemade makkoli and beer.  As laughter filled the air, the three couples continued talking and drinking into the starlit night.  All of them were happy to see old friends and meet new friends.  Eventually Jinny put the twins to bed and everyone cleaned up before turning to bed.  Soon it was just Jinny and Mattie outside by the campfire.  Mattie looked into Jinny’s eyes and said “dangshin uhl saranghabnida”, “I love you” in Korean.  Jinny, with tears in her eyes, said in English, “I love you too”.  Mattie then dropped to his knee and asked Jinny to marry him.   Jinny started to cry and hugged Mattie.  She said “yes”.  Walking to their room to settle down for the night Mattie had noticed Sun-a looking out the kitchen window.  They smiled at each other and Sun-a gave him the thumbs up.  Mattie and Jinny were in love, a love that would last forever.

Early the next morning Mattie was up and had noticed Sun-a’s husband Maddie was working.  Mattie joined him and helped, then they made breakfast for everyone.  As Jinny, Mattie, Emma, Jerry, Sun-a, and Maddie were eating, Sun-a said, “I think Mattie has something to say”.  Mattie and Jinny told their friends that they were going to get married.  All were joyful for them and after hearing their story and spending time with them they knew that Mattie and Jinny were a great couple.  Happy to hear the news Sun-a offered to host the wedding at Eunbiryung and their new friends were excited to help.
After eating breakfast and helping Sun-a cleanup Mattie, Jinny and the twins headed back to Changwon.  Mattie and Jinny were happy and excited about planning their wedding.  The following weekend they would go to the American Embassy in Seoul to take care of the marriage license and paperwork to get Jinny and the twins visas to live in America.  After many hours of research and a difficult time navigating through the bureaucracy, they were officially married.  Jinny and the twins had visas to live in American and could eventually become American citizens.   
Two month latter Mattie and Jinny went back to Eunbiryung where they had a wedding ceremony with all their friends.  This was a combination or an American wedding ceremony and a traditional Korean ceremony.  Both Jinny and Mattie were dressed in traditional Korean Hanbok wedding attire.  The master of ceremonies, Sun-a, was also dressed in traditional Korean clothing.  Sun-a delivered a fabulous ceremony with the help of her husband Maddie and friends Emma and Jerry.  After the ceremony, Sun-a and her friends made an amazing traditional Korean meal that was delicious.  Everyone was very happy for Mattie and Jinny and proud to call them their friends.  It was an amazing weekend in the mountains of Injea, Gangwon-do South Korea.  The celebration lasted into the night, a weekend that all involved would never forget.  Mattie and Jinny were so happy to be together and ready for the rest of their life.  They had Yeong Wonhi Salang, eternal love. 
           			 Chapter XX
After a few days rest at Eunbiryung, Mattie, Jinny, and the twins bid farewell to Sun-a, and Maddie.  They returned home to Changwon and lived there for another year.  Mattie and Jinny were happy living in their home in Changwon, but Mattie was eager to get back home to New Jersey where his friends and family were.  Jinny also wanted to meet Mattie’s family and live in America.  Mattie’s’ contract at the university soon expired and they move to America.  For a few months Mattie and his family lived with his Aunt and Uncle in Haledon, New Jersey.  Mattie eventually found a job working at Manchester Regional High School in Haledon as a social studies teacher.  And soon Jinny made new friends.  They eventually got their own apartment and the twins, now named Nina and Jenny started going to kindergarten.  Mattie and Jinney eventually bought their own home and became part of the community.  
Jinny then got a job working in the kitchen at the local elementary school where the twins were students.  She made new friends and felt proud of her family.  She eventually became an American and was the talk of the town.  Mattie and Jinny were great parents who raised their children to be ladies of high moral standard and to never give up their dignity.  They participated in many activities in town together as a family.  Mattie became the softball coach and Nina and Jenny played and Jinny was the softball mom.   She would bring refreshments to the games and practice.  She also eventually got her driver’s license and would drive the kids to and from practice.  
At the twins got older and into high school, Mattie and Jinny continued to support the softball team the twins played on.  This went on until Nina and Jenny graduated from high school and attended the local university.  Once Nina and Jenny graduated High School the joined the local volunteer fire department that Mattie had been a member for many years.  Jinny went for training to become an emergency medical technical and joined the local first aid squad.  The family were proud Americans and proud members of their community.  They did all they could do to support their local community and became well known as the “role model” family.  
It had only been twenty years since Jinny and Mattie met in a dark alleyway on a cold dark night in Russia.  Jinny could have never imagined her life turning into what it had become.  She was a strong lady who cared for her family.  She, with help from her love Mattie, had risked it all for the twins and never looked back.  They were proud of their children and were still in love after all those years.  They also never forgot the help they had received along the way.  There were so many helpful people that Mattie and Jinny had met through their dangerous journey from North Korea and then to their new home in America, via Russia, Japan and South Korea.  They always kept in touch with their friends and their friends would visit them every chance they could.  They never forgot that they had accomplished a nearly imposable journey with a lot of help from their friends.  




Chapter XXI
Jinny, Nina, and Jenny nervously waited in the waiting room at Saint Joe’s Hospital in Paterson, New Jersey.  It had been a few hours, but seemed like an eternity, since Mattie had been wheeled into the operating room.  The room was very quiet; it smelled of cleaning chemicals.  All they could hear was the monotone intercom system of the hospital.  Jinny had just finished answering the question her two daughters had asked her a few hours ago.  The girls were amazed as to how their mother had escaped from North Korea and how their father had helped.  As soon as Jinny finished the story, Mattie’s doctor walked through the door.  Jinny and the girls braced themselves for what the doctor was about to tell them.  The worst-case scenario was running through their heads.  It appeared that the clock had stopped as the doctor quietly walked across the waiting room and approached them.  They sat down and listened to what the doctor was about to say.  
The doctor explained that the operation had been much more difficult than they had anticipated.  The tumor was much bigger and deeper into Mattie’s brain then they originally thought.  The doctor was honest with Jinny and the twins.  The operation was over and the tumor had been removed, but the chances of survival were a little worse than they initially believed.
Jinny and the twins felt big lumps in their throat as tears came to their eyes.  Their concern for Mattie grew deeper.  They wanted to see him as soon as they could.  The doctor then walked with them to the room that Mattie was in.  He was still sleeping from the operation and still heavily medicated.  Jinny and the twins had approached Mattie in his bed and stared into his eyes.  They were very sad, Mattie looked so peaceful.  His head was bandaged up and his eyes were closed; he did not move.  The room was very quiet; all they could hear was the sounds of various machines that were hooked up to Mattie.  Jinny, Nina, and Jenny were not sure what to do or say, having never been in a situation like this before.  They quietly and patiently waited for Mattie to wake up.  
All of a sudden, the room erupted into sounds of alarms.  The eardrum-piercing alarms, buzzers, and beeping noise sent an eerie feeling through Mattie’s girls’ bodies.  The doors slammed open as doctors and nurses rushed into the room.  There were machines all around Mattie and wires and tubes stuck to him.  Mattie’s heart had stopped beating.  The doctors and nurses feverishly worked on him.  CPR was in progress, and a look of concern appeared on all the nurses and doctors faces.  They started chest compressions and assisted his breathing.  Soon one of the doctor’s grabbed two paddles and screamed “clear,” The doctor used a defibrillator to shock Mattie and get his heart beating.  The room grew silent and the nurses and doctors observed the machines, waiting to see if this had worked.  After a few seconds, nothing.  The head doctor looked into the eyes of Jinny, Nina and Jenny.  He then shocked Mattie again.  Once again, Mattie’s body shook violently, then lay motionless in the bed.  After a second or two, the machines grew silent and a sense of relief filled the room.  The doctor looked at Jinny, Nina, and Jenny and said everything is okay for now.  All the nurses and doctors left the room.  
Jinny and the girls grabbed Mattie’s hand, and soon Mattie started to move his head and make some noise.  He slowly opened his eyes.  The first thing he saw was his girls.  He looked into their eyes and said, “I told you I would be fine.”  “I will never leave my girls.”  “I love you.” 



When I was a young student, I struggled greatly academically.  My teachers and fellow students would make fun of my slowly developing mind.  It was a very difficult twelve years of government schools for me.  I was often told I would never succeed.  This haunted me for many years.   
But on a cold winter’s night in the desert of Saudi Arabia in January of 1991, I decided I wanted to write a book.  The laughs of my fellow marines echoed in my mind when I told them about my plan and long afterward.  I could never find the courage to write the book I had dreamed of. 
One night about twenty-four years after I announced that I wanted to write, at the International Pub in Changwon, South Korea, my friend Hendrik Erasmus told me he had written a few books.  I then told him I always wanted to write a book.  He replied, “Why don’t you?”  I asked him for advice about writing a book.  He paused for a minute, then said, “Write. Instead of playing video games or watching TV, you can just write”.  “And who cares if anyone likes it, as long as you are happy with what you wrote it doesn’t matter”.  
Well, here’s my book.  Thanks Hendrik! 
Matt Scudieri




Escape.
From North Korea, with a little help from some friends. 
By, B. Matthew Scudieri







Escape: From North Korea with a Little Help from Some Friends, is an adventurous, drama / love story.  Another love story about two young people who met in a very unlikely situation.   Notwithstanding the language and cultural barriers, they bonded together.  After a long and dangerous journey, they fell in love and formed a family that lasted a lifetime.  
