

Escape


It's a vacation. What could go wrong?


By P X DUKE


Copyright 2018 P X Duke
All Rights Reserved


ISBN 978-1-928161-39-4


Disclaimer
What follows is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental. Places mentioned by name are entirely fictitious and purely products of the author's imagination, and are not meant to bear resemblance to actual places or locations.

10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2



Escape

Jim Nash takes his crew on a well-deserved vacation and ends up knee-deep in trouble when, trapped in a blizzard, he is forced to delay their trip to a ski lodge in the Colorado mountains. When the Interstate is closed, another couple is waylaid in the small town in what at first glance appears to be a bullet-riddled car. Are they two troubled young people on the wrong side of the law, or only confused wayfarers railroaded into doing someone else's dirty work? Jim, Maddie and faithful dog Friday are drawn deeper into the mystery as a blizzard rages on.

Contents

1  |  2  |  3  |  4  |  5  |  6  |  7  |  8  |  9  |  10

11  |  12  |  13  |  14  |  15  |  16  |  17  |  18  |  19

20  |  21  |  22  |  23  |  24  |  25  |  26  |  27  |  28

29  |  30  |  31  |  32  |  33  |  34  |  35  |  36  |  37

38  |  39  |  40  |  41  |  42  |  43  |  44  |  45  |  46  

47  |  48  |  49  |  50  |  51  |  52  |  53


Epilogue

More

About


Read Order for Jim Nash Adventures
Pirate Cay
Thrill Kill Jill
Greetings from Key West
Lost Paradise
No Angels
Mexico Gamble
No Picnic
Fallen Angels
Vendetta
A Girl’s Best Friend
Dead End
No Harbor
Dog Days
Startup Blues
Last Stop To Nowhere / End of Nowhere
Revenge Is Justice
Escape
Wedding Bell Blues
Breakdown
Little Girl Lost
Forget Me Not
All the Glitter
Mexico Time

SEASONAL
Trick or Treat
Helping Santa

OTHER
The Snap Brim Fedora Caper




ONE


BOOTS MAYBERRY SUSPECTED it was going to be a long night. He turned on the radio and learned just how long. The forecast called for blizzard conditions. Anywhere from ten inches to four feet of snow. In the high mountain passes, that meant four feet, easy. More, even. He knew, because he had lived in the area all his life.
—The coffee's fresh, dad. I just made it.
Boots carefully filled his thermos half-full of his daughter Emma's special blend of steaming-hot coffee. Half-full because he liked to leave room for what he called the special sauce he kept in the truck. He had learned to do it a long time ago. It helped keep him going thought the lengthy days and nights of constant plowing during a blizzard such as the one the weather promised to bring.
Don't forget your sandwiches. I don't know when you'll be back so I made them nice and fresh.
Emma handed over the carefully-wrapped sandwiches she made especially for him. They were his favorite, but she always included extras that would make him shake his head. She liked to make sure he kept awake, any way she could help do it. She wouldn't see her father much while he ran these long shifts forced on him by the weather. She worried about him constantly. She witnessed her dad throw a pack of energy bars into his pack.
—Do you really need those? Too many can cause problems. We've talked about that.
Boots blushed, guilty about being caught out.
—I know, but judging by that last forecast it's going to be a long time before I get a chance to sleep. Did you make the sandwiches I like?
Emma grinned at her dad.
—Just like mom used to make. Like you have to ask.
No way was she going to tell him about the others. Just like her mom had, she'd let him find out for himself. Already she could see him shaking his head and smiling.
—You might find some fresh cookies, too.
It wasn't unknown for a blizzard to take out the power. She'd been baking up a storm on her own just in case
—Now get to work. I'll be here if you need me.
Just like her mom always said. Boots hugged his daughter before heading out the door. The mouthwash and aftershave wafted over both of them. It was an old habit hard to break. He liked to shower before heading out on these blizzard days. There was no telling when he'd get home if he became stranded at one end or the other of his snow-clearing route.
He stepped out into the strong wind driving the snow and ice pellets. The hood on his parka flapped uselessly. Already the snow was piling up. It was over the top of his boots in places, having drifted onto his sheltered property driven by the fierce wind that always accompanied these storms. He struggled to make his way through to the four-by-four parked in the driveway.
It was going to be a long night.
He opened the door on the four-wheel drive half-ton. He had installed chains on all four wheels when he suspected the storm was going to be worse than forecast.
Boots depended on the truck to take him to the powerful snow clearing machine that was his bread and butter. It was an older blower that had been fobbed off, as they always were, when a new piece of equipment ended up assigned to interstate road maintenance.
It was the way things went, but he didn't mind. He liked the comfort and reliability of the older equipment. He was familiar with it. No fancy new GPS or computer controlled power takeoffs or modern hydraulics problems the new equipment experienced. They seemed to always be breaking down. With the older equipment, if it was maintained properly, it was drop the hammer and go.
Boots started the half-ton and allowed it to warm. He got out and began clearing the snowy, frost-covered windshield and side windows. He brushed away the snow covering the headlights and tail lights.
It was that kind of wind accompanied by snow that would clog everything. There'd be no respite for him tonight.
He honked the horn. Emma flashed the porch light in an off-again on-again goodbye. He selected four-wheel drive, put the automatic transmission in low gear, and gently stepped on the gas. Four chain-covered tires spun and gained a measure of traction in the snow and ice-covered driveway.
A hundred feet down the lengthy drive he was completely out of sight. He slowed and stopped in the middle of the roadway. The reduced visibility caused by the monster storm would make it too dangerous to pull over on the side of the main highway.
He'd heard stories of big-rig semis charging in off the interstate to get to a hotel in storms such as this. Sometimes, they rear-ended whatever was in front of them, even if it was a blower equipped with high-visibility flashing lights and strobes.
Boots Mayberry would be damned if that would happen to him. So far his record had been spotless, except for that one incident. It was years ago. He put it out of his mind and opened the thermos. Hot steam greeted him by fogging the windshield. It temporarily obscured his view of the wall of wind-driven snow illuminated by the truck's high-beams.
He reached beneath the seat, feeling for the bottle. It was there somewhere. He came up empty-handed. Cursing, he opened the door. Immediately icy wind inundated the warm cab with cold snow. He cursed again, and climbed out, slipping on the ice-covered step.


Emma worried about her father constantly during the winter months when the snow fell. Winter was the worst for him. It was years ago, but ever since the accident he hadn't been the same. She hadn't been so young that she would ever forget how devastated he became. It took him forever to come around.
Then her mom up and died. That right after the other had driven her dad to the bottle. She alone was left to look after him. By the time she turned a teenager, she was doing the cooking and the cleaning and the laundry. She drove into their small town to do the grocery shopping before she even had a driver's license.
Her father had tried drying out time and again over the intervening years. Then he'd wake up screaming two or three nights in a row and back to drink he would go. It was particularly bad in the winter. That's when the accident had occurred.
It wasn't any fault of her dad's. Multiple inquiries all came up with the same answers. It was a fifty-year snow event. It was coming down too thick. The wind was too strong. The valley was so deep it created a huge funnel for the wind and the snow that obscured and covered everything on the roadway that night.
She turned away from the window and put it out of her mind as best she could by making extra sandwiches from the roast she'd prepared that morning. Sometimes, when it got real bad, her dad did their road early. When he did, she'd run out and take him some extra for the long night coming up.
It wasn't like he was doing something he shouldn't by doing their road. He had to get back and forth to work. He had permission from the state, since in the winter his job was declared essential to keeping the roads open.
Judging by what had come up early in the day, this would be one of those times when he showed up to do the driveway clearing. Already it was piling up. He'd gotten out in his truck just in time.
She took out the extra thermos and set it beside the stove. She went back to the window, now almost frosted over as the wind sucked the heat out of the old stone house. She threw a log on the fireplace. Sparks flew and the orange glow filled the living room. She stretched out on the sofa and relaxed.
From there she'd be able to hear the blower better when her dad powered up their road. She liked to have plenty of notice so she could flash the porch light and bring her father's fresh-made lunch out to him before he turned around for another run down the isolated two-lane highway.




TWO


Miami


I TURNED ON the TV to watch another news alert about a blizzard out west. The storm's approaching fierceness announced by the news reader was lost on me, living as I did in a weather paradise. Sure, it rained. No one was forced to shovel it to get to work. It got cold. Not like snow cold, but cool and frosty enough to damage crops. The roads were always clear. Maybe a temperamental alligator on I75, but that was it.
I counted my blessings and concluded things were going good. I paid for the installation of a new neon shingle signifying that I was the sole entrepreneur in the business. The name on the door glass was done in gold lettering, just like an old-time detective agency. It mirrored the neon hanging in the window.

Jim Nash - Investigator

I was happy with it.
In the interim I'd taken a few cases. Nothing earth shattering. Nothing to test my abilities to the limit. Simple cases. The usual hearts and daggers stuff.
Wives wanting me to chase down evidence against philandering husbands. Husbands wanting to test whether their wives were cheating.
It was beginning to pay off. Word of mouth business began to build. It got to a point where I needed something more than a phone in my pocket and a briefcase in the trunk of my new car.
It was a nice car, too. Not too modern. Old by most standards. A convertible. Not flashy. A light blue on white shade, just enough to mitigate the harsh Florida sun. A genuine leather interior, tucked and rolled.
I used some of my money to bring it up to date just a little. I found a custom car shop that came highly recommended. Call me a philistine if you must, but a modern suspension, disc brakes, and seat belts went a long way towards safety in the event of a car chase. Or a run from the police.
So far, I was good. No car chases to speak of.
I ended up taking the Packard out to the track. The old girl easily sat at 120 all day. When I finished, I popped the hood for a look topside and then went beneath, too, looking for leaks. I bought gas and was good to go. I even forked out cash to the city for a parking spot out front of the office, beneath the window.
The 1956 Packard Caribbean turned out to be good advertising. It got me more than a few customers that ordinarily I wouldn't have encountered. Most were wealthy, middle-aged women. Socialites, you could call them. Looking for information on husbands they suspected of cheating. The first was so grateful for the evidence, she paid double my accounting. I put caution to the winds and took her for a drive as thanks.
I ended up bedding the second, too, but it was a short-lived affair on both our parts once she had the evidence in hand. By the time I was ready to say goodbye, she was too. Strangely, I had to encourage her to pay the bill.
Perhaps I should have expected it. Sleeping with these moneyed Miami women and the multitude of excuses they came up with was something I wasn't prepared for.
Neighborhood bars catered to the locals during the day. In the late afternoons and evenings, the tourists moved in, full speed ahead, thanks to the nearby boutique hotels. Spring break was coming up next. Soon everything would be packed with teenagers with fake IDs and hard bodies. I didn't want anything to do with that.
I liked my long days and short nights. I mostly stayed out of the bars. I didn't miss them. I didn't drink, anyway. Occasionally I'd pop in to one close to the office to collect the local scuttlebutt and rumors. Mostly, I kibitzed with the bartender and vacated my seat when the place got busy and she had to get back to work.
The barmaids liked the locals, especially the ones that didn't drink who came in to shoot the breeze, drink ginger ale, and leave tips. I ended up taking more than one or two home on a semi-regular basis.
For the most part, I stayed friends with the lot of them. I even offered to take a case for gratis if the sob story was memorable. I didn't mind. They were personable and I liked them.
Cheating husbands and boyfriends, as usual. Same old. It never ended. It paid bills when I sent my own out. Except for that one time, no one tried to stiff me.
So like I said, I was getting busy. Too busy for a solo operation. I needed someone to run the office. I'd consider a man if I thought he could do the job.
On the laptop I pulled up an old help wanted poster. For shits and giggles I added a couple of requirements in the small print. I figured it to be more of a joke than anything else. I deleted a couple of others, and printed it out on cardboard stock. I taped it to the outside of the downstairs door and hoped for the best.
Like it had the first time, the sign ended up stolen. I was beyond hoping that a viable applicant had taken it and would show up real soon now. Maybe it was the joke I made of the requirements. Maybe the wind blew it off. Each time, I ended up replacing it.
Still, there were no takers. Hell, I couldn't even talk one of the barkeeps into part-timing for me. They'd all heard about my previous escapade where one of their own, an assistant I'd hired away from a bar, ended up murdered. Thanks, but no thanks, basically.
I couldn't blame them.
After a while, I gave up. The help wanted poster disappeared a final time and I only bothered to replace it when I was reminded, which wasn't often. I continued working out of the trunk of my car when the office wouldn't do. That's the beauty of a modern phone.
No mess. No fuss. No bother. When it rings, answer it. When it buzzes, read the text.
Nothing complicated there. So I dumped the girl-Friday search thing and settled in on looking after my business all by myself.
How hard could it be?
It turned out to be a lot more difficult the busier I got. I managed to work around most of it with careful monitoring of the phone and texts and even some emails when someone discovered me on the web. 
The old Packard didn't have integrated Bluetooth, so I was out that. I rigged something temporary. It worked most of the time to my satisfaction.
Spring break was coming up. While ordinarily I didn't mind, the office was smack dab in the middle of things—bars, mostly—and I knew for certain that leaving the car out would be a mistake.
Fighting. Crying. Puking. Pissing. College and university types and pretenders would be everywhere on the local pub crawls. I wasn't one for spanking anyone, but I knew better than to leave a convertible out in the open—even one that no one had ever seen in this century.
Resigned, I sighed and printed out another help wanted sign. It was the least I could do. I got out a map and considered a road trip for a week. I could afford it.
Whether the business could was another matter.




THREE


MADDIE SPENCE SWORE and pulled the jacket over her head. She'd been camped out in the city for days, switching out her parking spots so she wouldn't get discovered and ticketed. Her problem was the damned dog—not that he was a bad old dog. He needed to be walked. Trouble was, he constantly wanted to tug her in the direction of Jim Nash's old office.
So far, she'd managed to resist.
—Friday. What's that in your mouth? Spit it out. It can't be any good for you. Spit it out.
She reached for the cardboard. The dog wouldn't let go. Instead, he ran down the street, turned around, and waited expectantly, tail at attention and wagging. When his mistress didn't follow, he ran back, still wagging his tail.
—Friday, you are not being a good dog. What's going on?
He bounded off, tail high in the air, with a bit of a swagger as he searched for the familiar door. She followed him when he ran ahead and rounded a corner.
Maddie lost sight of Friday, gave up, and returned to the car. She stretched out in the back seat. Shortly, she pulled a jacket over her eyes and promptly fell asleep.
Friday found what he was searching for. He sat down and waited patiently. His vigilance was rewarded when the familiar man came out the door and recognized him right off. The man reached for the sign, scratched him behind a familiar ear, and pulled the sign out of the dog's mouth.
—Good dog, Friday. Take me to sleeping beauty.
The dog barked and bounded off down the sidewalk. Six blocks later, I was standing beside a familiar yellow car parked on the shady side of the street. The doors were locked and all the windows were rolled up to an inch of the top.
Friday barked. I kicked soundly at a door.
—Bugger off, Friday. It's time for your mistress to have some nappage. Go find one of your own kind to annoy while I rest up.
Maddie recognized a pair of familiar eyes looking at her through the window. A tilted head, questioning. The eyes weren't brown. They weren't even Friday's. Disbelieving, she pulled the jacket over her head. Then she thought better of it. She perked up, sat up, and banged her head on the roof with a solid smack.
—Nash. Where did you come from?
Confused, she rubbed at her hurting head.
—Looks to me like Friday found one of his own kind to annoy. Me.
Her eyes watered and overflowed. It couldn't be because of Jim, could it? She rubbed the bump on her head again. Nope. Not Jim.
—What are you doing here? How did you find me?
—I'm a detective, remember? Where have you been? I need an assistant. You're qualified. Your dog has already filled out the application on your behalf. At least he's the smart one. You get the job. I'll take the chance.
Maddie resisted getting out of the car. She was in a state. Wrinkled clothes. Bedhead. She raised an elbow and checked her pits. She needed a shower.
—Get your ass out of the back of that car and follow me. You can park across the street from my own. You know where I park, right? In front of the office you deserted?
Friday whined and gave up. He shook his head and his entire body followed suit to the very end of his tail.
—Come on, Friday. If you know who butters your dog food, you'll follow me. This slacker of a mistress you have needs time to get her shit together for some reason.
The dog followed Jim down the sidewalk, tail raised and wagging fiercely. Maddie looked after them out the front window. It was a familiar sight, and she couldn't halt the smile that took over her face as dog and man disappeared around a corner.
She splashed water on her face from a bottle. Swiped at her pits. Applied a bit of lip gloss. She wriggled into a skirt. Ran fingers through her hair. Checked her reflection in the mirror and hoped for the best.
She got out of the car and walked around to the trunk. Rummaged for a shirt that wasn't wrinkled. Found one and traded old for new to confused glances from passersby. Slammed the trunk closed.
Finally she was ready to face the day as best she could. She wasn't so certain about facing Nash.




FOUR


BOOTS MAYBERRY'S SEARCH wasn't going well. From behind the wheel he fished beneath the front seats as best he could. Nothing. He opened the door to get a better look. He wasn't prepared for the icy step so early. He slipped and almost fell as he made to grip the arm rest. He released it and slid the rest of the way to the ground. He pulled himself up and trudged through the snow to the other side. He opened the door but the roof light was too dim. He reached beneath the seat, feeling for the bottle.
The half-ton started to inch forward. Panicked, Boots jumped in and slid across the seat. He pressed a hand to the brake and reached to wrestle the gearshift into Park. He squinted at the indicator, unsure if he had it locked. The indicator had been broken for months. He meant to replace it, but the parts still hadn't arrived. One more thing for him to get Emma to check on.
For backup, he stomped on the parking brake and the truck shuddered and then halted. He opened the door, and made to get out. This time, it was the seat belt that held him in. When had he put that on? He unfastened it and slid down into deep snow.
He located what he was looking for in the back seat, wrapped in an old sleeping bag. He climbed into the truck. Wrestled with the backpack until he found the thermos. Opened the half-full container he brought from the house. He emptied the bottles into the huge thermos and capped it.
At first he told himself he'd only take one drink at the end of his driveway. He put the truck in gear and eased his foot down on the accelerator. It took him a few moments in the blowing snow to realize the truck wasn't moving.
He fumbled with the parking brake until it released. The truck began moving. He cranked up the heat against the cold air and then realized his door was still open. He closed it and carried on down the driveway. He hesitated before turning right to make his way through town to the garage where the plow sat.
He made it to the empty parking lot. He left the engine running and turned out the lights while he finished his second drink before starting his shift. He left the truck idling and made his way into the garage, where he climbed up on the huge blower and started the engine.
Boots realized he hadn't opened the garage door. He got out, stumbled on his way to the switch, and punched the button. The huge door groaned in the wind and slid to the side. He rejoined the idling snow blower and the powerful engine roared to life as he exited the garage. Reluctantly, he got out to close the door before climbing back in to the warmth of the cabin.
Boots released the huge curved vee-shaped plow. The blower shuddered as it crashed to the ground with a thump. He engaged the blower, and eased down on the throttle.
He was on his way to his first run.




FIVE


Miami


MADDIE CLIMBED THE familiar staircase two steps at a time on her way to the second-floor landing. At the top, Friday, her black lab, waited patiently. He seemed almost smiling. His tail wagged furiously. She scratched at an ear before halting at the office door.
The gold lettering was different. There was no longer a second name. His partner, Bobbie, must have departed. She'd wait for an update, if it ever came. Jim wasn't so forthcoming as other men in her life.
She pushed open the door and strode into the office. It was all familiar. Same furniture. Andrea's mural on the wall. A round-faced clock ticking away on an added file cabinet. She opened several of the drawers and checked out the files.
—You've been busy. The cabinets are filling up. Whatcha been up to while I was on vacay?
She wanted to keep it light. Maybe he wouldn't really take her back. She'd seen him once, looking out over the ocean. He'd discovered her exercising Friday. Even her dog had noticed. Before she even thought about it, she ignored him, and never returned to that stretch of beach again.
Her loss, she guessed. In any case, it was too late now.
Jim kept his head down. Pretended to be busy writing notes in a file folder. She observed him pretend-finish before he looked up. She went through the motions, as though it was their first time. He saw fit to remind her.
—Your desk is in its usual spot. You'll have to replace Friday's bed and bowl. Kitty money is taped to the underside of the top drawer. Just like always. If you replace what you spend, the envelope will keep being useful.
Maddie turned and walked out of the office. Friday accompanied her. At the door, he turned with a hangdog look and was about to sit down when his mistress called to him. The dog hesitated and gave Jim the look before bounding after his mistress.
She figured Jim would give her an hour, no longer, on the old clock before he got up and locked the office door behind him. He'd head upstairs to the small apartment. He'd kill another hour before going back downstairs.
She waited with her back propped against the office door. Faithful Friday waited with her until Jim appeared.
—I need a shower.
He pointed up the stairs.
—It's all laid out for you. Breakfast is warming in the oven.
He walked past her down the stairs.
—Where are you going?
—I have a case and I'm late. Come with if you want to be on the clock.
The shower could wait. Maddie and the dog tromped down the stairs. He opened the passenger door of the convertible and went around to the other side.
—You putting the top down?
—Is that your way of telling me you smell like someone who's been sleeping in her car?
—A girl's gotta keep living expenses under control. Right, Friday?
The dog wasn't so sure. He refused to woof any form of agreement.
—Well hell, even Friday knows when he's well off. You must have had to drag him away from your car.
—It only took a little convincing.
She reached back to scratch the dog, but he was too far away, laying on the seat behind Jim. He'd already licked at the man's ear in seeming gratitude.
—What're you smiling at, detective?
—You do have a way with words, woman. It would seem Friday does, too, in his own way.


I pulled the car into a parking lot and got out. Dog and woman followed me to a sidewalk café across one opposite.
—We're looking at a man reading a paper and drinking a never-ending coffee refill. His wife thinks he's out screwing around, but he only sits there. Enjoying the ambiance. Flirting with the waitress.
Which was true. The man had gotten his latest refill as the trio picked a patio table across the street.
—Why don't you amble over and take a table of your own? Friday might be a draw, too. Take him with you.
Maddie hesitated. She didn't look her best. She had been sleeping in her car three hours ago. Her blouse was wrinkled. Not so much if she chose to look at it through her reflection in the coffee shop window.
She reached into her pocket for gloss and faced the reflection. She smoothed it over her lips without looking at me. Before getting up, she ran her fingers through her hair. Shook her head rapidly. It fluffed into a semblance of rational being.
—That's it. You almost look like you didn't sleep in your car last night.
She gave me a dirty look before getting up. It changed into a broad smile. She knew I couldn't figure if she meant it for me, or if it was practice for the man across the street.
—I'll be back in a jiff.
She motioned to the dog and held up her hand.
—Friday.
He looked up at her expectantly. His tail halted its wagging.
—Stay.
Maddie swished across the street in her schoolgirl-length tweed skirt complete with pleating. She was perfect for the spur-of-the-moment assignment. If the man passed the test, he'd send the wife a final bill.
She caught me with the phone out, capturing the encounter. She smiled and grinned and talked and chattered. The man nodded. Shook his head. Shook his head again. Finally, he held up his hand, slapped some money on the table, and walked off, annoyed at being disturbed.
She looked across the street and shrugged. In that instant I snapped her picture. She looked pretty good, even if she had spent last night sleeping in a car.
The motorcycle and its rider was only partly in the frame of the photo when the rider took aim with a pistol. Shots rang out. The bike sped off. I dropped the phone in time to see Maddie on the ground across the street. Friday already on his way.
Panicked, I dodged cars and honking horns and people as I followed the dog. He beat me to her. He tensed and crouched, standing guard over Maddie. He only relented when I approached.
—Are you all right?
I held out a hand and helped her up.
—Did you see who he was aiming at?
—If it was my subject, it was a miss. He's already in his car on his way to the office. It's where he always goes after his morning coffee and newspaper routine.
—Who would want to kill him?
—I'm betting on the wife. Come on. Get it in gear. I'll let Boyle know I'm on the clock with this. He needs to know about the man's wife, too. If he spots you in that schoolgirl outfit, I'll never hear the end of it.
—Are you saying you missed me?
—No. Yes. Well. Maybe.
I had to grin.
—I'm saying you look pretty good in that short skirt. You've kept the weight on.
—So now I'm fat?
Her hands went to her hips. A knee angled out. A toe tapped on the sidewalk. So maybe she was faking the indignation. I wasn't about to chance it.
—Oh for crying out loud. I hand you a compliment and you turn it into getting fat.
I made a grab for Maddie's hand and pulled her across the street.
—Come on, Friday. It's a losing battle around here as far as women go, isn't it?
The dog didn't let out a sound. Unlike me, he knew when to keep quiet.




SIX


Miami


BREAKFAST WAS MORE than late and dried up by the time we made it to the apartment. Maddie headed for the shower. Friday stood guard at the door. I don't know if it was on purpose, ordered by Maddie, or if the dog decided on his own to be on the cautious side.
I tried a bit of bacon. That didn't work, either.
—Last call, Friday. You want it or not?
He broke down and deserted his post. He chomped on the bacon and waddled back in a hurry to carry on where he left off with his mistress none the wiser behind the closed door.
—Friday, you're getting a bit broad in the beam, too. You need to get some exercise.
Maddie chose that exact moment to exit the bathroom.
—Who's a bit broad in the beam? Are you still on that fat thing? Give it up. I can be any weight I want to be.
—No, silly. I was just telling Friday—
—How fat I was.
—I was not. I was telling him—
—That I was getting broad in the beam.
—Oh for crying out loud. Give it a rest, woman.
I changed my tack.
—Friday, you're too fat. You need exercise.
The dog ambled over to stand by his mistress.
—That's it, Friday. Good dog. I'll protect you. That man over there is calling us tubby.
Discretion being the better part of valor, I pulled the ringing phone out of my pocket. It was the café victim's wife asking about her husband. Immediately I had more than a strong suspicion she was the one responsible for the motorcycle shooter.
—He's fine. He had his usual coffee at the same sidewalk café, followed by a couple of refills. Then he went off to work.
I left Maddie the decoy out of it and instead pretended I didn't see anything untoward happen. No mention of the attempted shooting, either.
—Nothing else?
—No. Nothing.
—Shit. I paid—
The phone went dead. Maddie looked at me expectantly. I knew right off by her condition she was waiting for more than an explanation.
—It's the wife. I need to go downstairs and sign off on this one. I don't want to be held responsible for the man's death if she ever gets lucky. I have to get in touch with Boyle, too. He needs to know.
—I'll be down after I get dressed.
—Good. At it stands now, you're covered in goosebumps. A couple of them are big and perky, and they don't look fat to me.
—Friday.
The dog looked up at his naked mistress.
—Go with Jim. Bite his ass off at the first opportunity.
—Come on, Friday. Maybe we'll take your mistress out for dinner tonight to celebrate everyone's return. I might even pay.
I put in the call to Detective Boyle and left a message. He'd get back to me, happy to take my latest case off my hands. Once I explained the phone call from the man's wife following the failed assassination attempt, he'd owe me one. In my book, that was a good thing.
Don Boyle had been the one to encourage me to get my detective license. As an ex-cop, it wasn't difficult. He also turned me on to fishing, but lately I hadn't been doing much of that.
While I waited I rearranged some of the office furniture that ended up being displaced when Maddie last took off. I stood back and admired my handiwork, hoping Friday would be happy, too. His mistress had her desk back. He had room for his bed and bowl as well.
While I was at it, I located the old holster I'd loaned Maddie for the legal five-shot she owned. I'd forgotten all about the note when she left it on my desk months ago.

Jim
Thank you for everything. Friday thanks you, too. He wants to do it in person, but I just can't allow him to. It would be too hard on me. Maybe we'll see you again one day.
Maddie

I folded it and placed it with the holster. Maddie chose that instant to walk in.
—Oh. You remembered.
She picked up the familiar holster and tucked it into her bag. She opened the note, glanced at it, and folded it.
—Did you look at it?
I nodded.
—I guess this is the day, then.
—Seems to be. If it is, it's a good day, wouldn't you say?
She kept her eyes on me. I had to ask.
—Is it going to be for longer than a day? If it isn't, you'd better clear out right now.
Maddie called for her dog. Friday appeared and walked over to sit beside me. His tail swabbed the floor like he didn't want to ever get up again. He looked up at me and then at Maddie.
—I guess that's our answer.
I doubled down.
—Well, Friday can't speak, and you don't have a tail to wag—at least, not the way he can. What's it going to be?
Friday woofed and looked at his mistress. She looked back at both of us.
—We want to stay.
—Good. When you and Friday are finished wagging your tails, do you think you could write something up about what happened this morning? Boyle will probably stop by later. He'll want something from us.
Maddie located a legal pad and a pen and went to work. I grabbed Friday's leash and convinced him he needed to walk off breakfast.
Come to think of it, so did I.


Together with Friday we did a circle route to Maddie's car. We intended to turn around and haul our fatigued rear ends back to the office until I spotted a man and a woman giving her car the once-over. I took the opportunity for a well-needed break from our calorie-busting exercise in futility.
In truth, I was the one completely winded. We watched silently as the couple circled the car and pointed to the plate. They bent to shield the glass for a look inside and then walked on, mumbling to one another.
We followed at a distance until they got into a dark blue, four-door beater. It chugged off noisily in a cloud of exhaust. The plate number was obscured. We were too far from the office to get to my car to give chase.
—Well, Friday, it looks like your mistress knows people. Any idea what kind of trouble she brought with her?
He didn't know anything. I could tell, because he didn't answer, so we beat it back to the office for shade and water. By the time we arrived, it was a tossup as to who needed it more.
I left a note for Maddie to move the car as soon as she could because of her stalkers.
A quick look at my calendar told me I needed to get it in gear. I'd already booked a flight to Utah for a skiing vacation during Florida's spring break fiasco. Don't ask me why. I'd mostly never seen snow and perhaps thought it would be a good idea for a change.
I called a garage and booked two spaces for our cars. I was tempted to call a pet hotel. Instead, I dialed the airline, asked a couple of questions, and completed a reservation for Friday.
I knew better than to do that for Maddie without first bringing it up. Instead, I called a florist and asked for flowers to be delivered to the office. When they arrived, I left them on Maddie's desk and waited.
Even Friday didn't seem to know what to do while we killed time. He ignored the flowers, stretched out, and kept on doing what he did best. He snored.
I wanted to be right there with him after our walk, but the doggie bed wasn't near big enough for two.




SEVEN


LIKE HER FATHER before her, Boots' daughter Emma was a local. She was raised and grew up in the small mountain town. Went to the single-room school, where older students helped the younger ones. Later got bussed to a high school, deeper in the mountains in a larger community. She graduated and remained behind, living with her father. Her mother died when she was young.
Unlike the majority of her classmates, she didn't mind the isolation the small town provided. She liked to read. She had plenty of choice with an internet connection and an e-reader, and wasn't disappointed. She worked part-time in the small café in town, putting in hours serving coffee and donuts and sandwiches and holiday-baked dinners to the locals.
The job paid for everything she needed. What it didn't pay for was a life. She hadn't told her father yet, but she had applied to a college in Denver, thanks to her high marks and a scholarship grant because of them. The EMT course started in the spring, which meant she'd be able to return for the winter to look after her father.
Once she graduated, she'd be able to apply for a local EMT job, if any came up in the local volunteer fire department. That's what she hoped for, in any event. She couldn't bring herself to completely break with her dad. It was too ingrained in her over the years to look out for him.
She knew about his drinking in those early years. She'd looked the other way. She couldn't help it. Especially in the winter, when he was most needed to keep the highway open.
When she was younger, he took her with him on his snow clearing machine. She'd sit beside him and look on in wonder as the big machine gulped and spit out the huge loads of snow drifting and building up on the roadway. She was proud of her dad and his abilities to keep the roads open.
When she was older and taller, he showed her how to operate the machine. She took some pride in being able to learn to do it. It didn't happen overnight, but in time she learned to operate the machine and clear the highway almost as good as her dad.
She knew, because he'd often told her so. Her reward was the huge smile on her father's face as her look of incredulity turned into a matching smile.
Of course, it was all on the QT. If anyone in the department found out about it, her dad would get fired.


Boots Mayberry leaned forward, squinting over the brightly-lit dashboard panel into the powerful lights reflecting off the wall of fierce, wind-driven snow. Already he was behind schedule.
The storm was slowly beginning to shape up as one of the worst in over twenty years of operating a blower, if not the worst. He wasn't too concerned. He'd been born in the area, and knew the roads well, learning first on a bicycle and then later as a teenager in his beater of a car.
He unscrewed the cap on the thermos and took another sip of his fortified coffee. He returned to leaning over the dash and soldiered on, oblivious to the dials and gages in front of him as he concentrated on looking out the windshield.
The cabin was almost too hot to be comfortable. He had cranked it up to high to help keep the front windows clear. The wipers beat a reliable pattern on the window. He switched them to high, but they continued to fall behind the buildup of snow on the windshield. It began taking over the side windows, too.
He took comfort in the sound of the powerful, reliable diesel as it groaned on, never once missing a beat. Isolated as he was in the warmth of the cabin, he could only blink his eyes and squint out into the brightly illuminated white fog of snow surrounding him.
The thermos cup was getting in the way of his refreshment. He discarded it and began to drink straight from the container. He moved over slightly and slowed for the small car approaching from the west on the single-lane trail he had cleared earlier. There was no telling how many people were inside, but it warmed him to know that they'd soon be in town on the path he'd just cleared.
Boots approached the intersection with the interstate and halted. The entrance was still open. The upright gate waved and shook in the wind. It wouldn't be long before the Highway Patrol would arrive to close the snow-covered highway to all traffic.
Except for him.
When the road was finally closed, cars wanting to come through would have to cheat the barrier. He'd seen it done. The chain wasn't locked for a reason, but still, it would be dangerous on the ice-covered roadway.
He sipped at the open thermos and swallowed, knowing that his job would be a lot safer and less worrisome with the road closed. He backed up, turned around, and engaged the blades. He squinted out the windshield, shaking his head at the renewed vigor of the wind and the drifting snow.
Boots began a second run to widen the path he had just cleared. The intensity of the storm was increasing. The hurricane-like wind was driving the snow into parts of the highway he had cleared only an hour ago. It was beginning to look like keeping the road open would be a losing battle.




EIGHT


Denver


We boarded the airplane and left warm, sultry south Florida behind. The flight to mile-high Denver was uneventful but for the fact that it arrived late in the day. Friday survived the ride in his cage in the back of the cabin. He was glad to see daylight and his mistress in the baggage area.
The dog left no doubt he was miffed with me. After all, I was the one who'd sentenced him to the back of the bus. I couldn't figure it. With all the attention he received from the flight crew, he ought to have been pleased as punch.
We lined up for a cart and piled our bags on. The wheels complained as we made our way towards the rental office. The agent checked the reservation and handed over the keys.
—I see you're heading up to a lodge. There's a storm moving in that direction. Your stay should be a good one. Lots of skiing on fresh powder. Plenty of hot tub time. I wish I was going.
Outside, Friday treated the bit of fresh fallen snow as a treat. He'd never seen anything like it as he got down on his stomach and rolled around. His head shook. His tail waggled. Curiosity sated, he was ready for the car.
It was no trouble getting from the airport to the interstate. The way to I70 was well-marked. The roadway was wet, but clear of snow. Unfamiliar with driving in near freezing conditions, I kept below the speed limit and left the cruise control in the off position. Cars and heavy trucks all passed us, kicking up a mist of dirty spray that needed wipers and washer fluid to clear.
Exhausted by his ordeal in the back of the cabin, Friday stretched out on the back set and snoozed away the drive. Maddie worried about the lodge and Friday in unfamiliar grounds.
—Are you sure they take dogs? What if he's too big? Did you call ahead to check? There'll be plenty of strangers. What if the other dogs don't like him? What if the people don't?
—Yes, I called. The lodge takes dogs. The person I talked to has a lab just like Friday. Except he's Golden.
That appeared to satisfy her.
-Did I mention the ski lessons? They have snowboard lessons, too. From beginner to experienced.
—How big is the room?
I wanted to say it was a heck of a lot bigger than the car she and Friday had been living in, but I bit my tongue and smiled.
—It's a suite. Big enough for five or six. It has a balcony, which will probably need to be shoveled by the time we get there.
I even bought a suitcase for Friday. While it didn't impress him all that much, it certainly impressed his mistress that I could be so thorough. That was all right with me.
Not that I was trying to score points, but, well, I know how it goes sometimes. I was feeling pretty good about it all. Even the light snow falling into the evening darkness didn't faze me.




NINE


I PULLED INTO a gas'n'go on the city's outskirts and left the car running. I stepped out into a cold wind and light blowing snow. It didn't feel so bad when I closed the door behind it and walked into the welcome warmth of the store. I was on the lookout for road snacks. I loaded up and headed for the register.
The gas bar clerk asked if I had any change.
—Change?
I rummaged through my pockets. Loose change rattled.
—Sure. I have a little. How much do you need?
—No, no, tar change.
I pulled a hand filled with what passed for silver out of my pocket. The clerk looked at me like I was an idiot and shook his head.
—Tar change. Change for your tars.
I wondered why he'd ask for change and then not take any. Then, suddenly, a lightbulb moment.
—Ooh. Chains. You mean tire chains. No. I don't have tire chains.
I looked out at the big flakes of snow that had followed us all the way from the airport. Being from the sunny south, it never occurred to me that it might snow in the mountains, even though I was bound for a ski resort.
—Do you think we'll need them? The rental agency-
—Whare ya frum?
—Miami.
The clerk's eyes appeared as though they were about to roll into the back of his head.
—Figgered as much. There's a storm brewin'. Have a nice trip.
In the short time I spent in the store the snow began coming down a lot heavier. The wind picked up, too, driving even more snow with it. It swirled around the building and the car. The icy wind followed me to the car and grabbed at the door. I had to force it closed.
Sticky, blowing snow covered the front and rear windows and was beginning to accumulate on the sides, too. I got out and brushed off the tail lights and checked the headlights before getting back into the running car.
—The clerk said there's a storm coming.
Maddie checked the map with a nervous shuffle of paper.
—Maybe you should pick up a brush. You know, for the snow.
I fought the wind all the way back to make the purchase. The clerk shook his head one more time and the innocent victim paid and left.
—Did he say anything about closing roads?
—This is an interstate. Do you think they'd close it?
She looked at me like I was nuts. Nothing unusual there, but what the hell was I supposed to know about snow? Most of my life had been spent under blue sky and warm sunshine thousands of miles away.
—It's only another fifty or sixty miles. How bad can it get?
I forged on into the blackness. The headlights were diminished by the thick, blowing wall of snow reflecting off of the tunnel of light. Forward visibility was limited. It was even worse on high beam as the snow returned even more of the bright glare through the window.
I moved the seat up. Leaned over the steering wheel. Switched off cruise control when I felt the tires spin out more than once. Concentrated on driving in the unfamiliar conditions. During a brief break in the wind I started paying attention to the tall, vertical snowbanks on either side of the Interstate's westbound lanes.
—Maddie. Look.
I flipped on the brights, hoping to make the tops of the banks visible. A solid wall of snow was marked only by uneven ridges some kind of snow clearing equipment must have left behind. The towering snowbanks enveloped the highway on both sides. It appeared as though we were in a toy car in the middle of a white blanket.
I cranked up the heat with the perverse idea that it would clear a path for us in the ever-worsening storm. The wind increased. Strong gusts buffeted the car. I slowed, not so confident in my abilities as I had been on leaving the brightly-lit outskirts of Denver's light snowfall behind.
—I think we need to get off the road. Help me find an exit, please.
My lack of winter driving skills became more evident. The terrifying high wall of snow on both sides of the highway didn't help to cement my hope that we'd cross paths with a turnoff. I chanced a quick look at the trip meter. We had another twenty or thirty miles to the lodge.
How much worse could it get? Asked and answered the first time. Except, it got worse. The passenger-side wiper decided to freeze. Snow began to accumulate on Maddie’s side. I thought about pulling over and then thought I better not.
—Your wiper isn’t working very well. Do you think you could clear it? I don’t want to stop in this weather.
She powered down the window and made an attempt at reaching for it. Couldn’t quite. Undid her seatbelt and leaned into the back for the snow brush.
—This should do it.
Maddie gripped the brush and leaned out the open window. She struggled to hang onto the brush. Banged at the moving wiper. Missed and tried again. Agitated by his mistress’s apparent attempt to exit the car, Friday scrambled into the front seat. He barked once and fastened his teeth onto Maddie’s parka. He braced for all he was worth and went to work with all his might trying to pull his mistress back into the car.
—Friday. It’s all right. Maddie is fine.
The dog wasn’t about giving up. He only tried harder. His feet lost their grip on the seat. He doubled down, first releasing his grip and then going for a bigger piece of Maddie’s parka. He wasn’t having much success. Maddie was laughing too hard.
Finally, she gave up trying to clear the windshield and sat back in her seat. Friday relaxed his grip.
—Good boy, Friday. You saved me.
He barked, admonishing her. I’m sure he must have thought she was trying to abandon ship via the window, and he wasn’t having any of it unless he was going with her.
She ruffled his ears and he licked her face. He finally looked at me with a Well, you were useless look, and then looked away. Immediately I felt guilty, even though I had no reason to.
—That dog of yours—
Maddie slapped the dash.
—There. There's one. I can't read it. The sign is covered in snow.
I flicked my eyes from road to sign. It was impossible to read. The green and white sign was covered in snow. I hit the brakes and almost slid past the turnoff. Wheels bumped as the anti-skid took over on the soupy, wet snow-covered road. The car missed the barrier by inches.




TEN


FLASHING BLUE AND red lights were only just visible through the blinding snow. A lone trooper wearing a parka waved us over. We had two just like it in the trunk. They weren't a bright yellow like his. I rolled down the window. The blowing snow finally infiltrated the car.
—This highway is closed. Your only choice is straight ahead. Escape is about five miles down. Take your time and you'll make it all right. The plow just went through.
—Thanks, officer. We'll do that.
He looked us over before going on. Evidently we were rubes, sitting ducks from a foreign land. The store clerk had recognized it, too.
—The road is down to a single lane. There's reflectors on both sides. They're visible for now. Don't speed. The road is icy and slippery. Stick to the middle and you'll be fine. Leave the cruise control off.
I thanked him again and he mentioned he'd be leaving for one last patrol of the interstate.
—Don't even think of trying it until the storm passes.
I nodded in agreement and the trooper waved us past. I clenched the wheel and eased my foot on the gas. If anything, the storm seemed to worsen even in the short time we were stopped. Wind funneled between the high banks, buffeting and shaking the car.
I kept a light touch on the gas pedal. Inside the car, we were safe and warm. If worse came to worse, the winter clothes we had outfitted ourselves with were in the trunk. I wasn't so sure how long the snacks might last with three of us.
—Maddie.
She kept on staring intently out the front window, as though with both of us concentrating everything would be all right.
—If it gets really bad, we have Friday.
Maddie smacked the back of my head. Taking his lead from his mistress, Friday bumped the back of my neck with a cold nose. We laughed only a little. Nervous laughter.
We rounded a corner and the not so bright lights of a small town winked through the wall of blowing snow. Faint lights shrouded in snow began appearing as we passed the occasional driveway on the outskirts. The intensity of the lights grew as the distance closed.
—A town. Can you read the sign? What's it called?
Whatever it was called, it was a welcome respite from what we had just driven through on the interstate. The place wasn't so big that it lit up the sky. Even so, what there was of it was more welcoming than continuing our road trip in the dark. My tight grip on the wheel relaxed only a bit knowing we were finally safe and sound.
—We're going to miss a day at the lodge, Maddie. I hope you aren't too disappointed.
—I'm glad we're off the road. Let's stop at that place up ahead.
A neon sign whipping in the wind advertised a coffee shop. White snow drifted around the white building, giving it an eerie glow in the weak street lighting.
—A hotel wouldn't be a bad idea. I can't see worth a damn any more.
Friday jumped out with us, eager to stretch his legs. The dog ran back and forth and rolled and woofed and rolled again, running and stopping and pushing himself around in the snow. When he had enough he trotted to the car. I opened the door, he shook himself off, and jumped in as fast as he could.
—Even Friday's had enough. I'll get our coats out of the trunk.
We fought to don the parkas in the fierce wind. It died the instant the diner door closed behind us. Someone yelled Door! I reached back and gave it a tug. Warm, humid air and inquisitive looks greeted us. Locals, I presumed, intent on taking a look at the steady stream of storm refugees.
An overtaxed ceiling fan hardly kept the windows clear. Rain-like humidity leaked down the foggy glass. The drops grew in size until they dripped onto the sill into a growing puddle. The welcome smell of hot coffee lingered in the air, almost overpowered by the odor of cooked food wafting from the grill.
A busy, solitary waitress waved an arm that said sit anywhere. After dropping plastic-covered menus on the table, the older woman with a tag that said she was Janine kindly provided a weather briefing. She convinced us of something we already knew. We were smart for getting off the road.
—We stay open 24 hours in storms like this for people such as yourself. You can come back any time.
Janine informed us the small hotel a couple of streets over was filling up fast. She offered to call them and Maddie accepted.
—Be sure to tell them we have a dog.
We were awarded the hotel's last room, in back of the building. Janine was nice enough to hand us a cooked burger patty wrapped in foil.
—I hope he likes it. Come this time tomorrow, burgers will be in short supply if the storm keeps up.
Friday didn't know it, but he'd be in burger heaven when we hit the motel.
—What's the name of this place, Janine?
—Escape.
I looked at Maddie.
—I thought the cop meant escape, as in escape the storm.
—Poetic justice, dear. We're safe now.




ELEVEN


A SECOND SMALL car turned off the interstate and halted at the closed and chained barrier. A man got out and wrestled with the ice-covered hasp. The chain swung free. He pushed the barrier up, waved the car through, and got back in without closing it behind him.
The driver gunned it and wrestled with the steering wheel as the car fishtailed uncontrollably. It bumped a front corner into the snowbank, straightened, and continued towards town. One headlight survived to illuminate the way.
It became obvious to the occupants that neither was familiar with the road or the driving conditions. Constant speeding up on straight stretches followed by sudden braking and skidding in turns caused the car to slip and slide its way towards town. The twisting, icy roadway did the driver no favors. The car skidded and corrected itself and skidded again, no thanks to the careless driver.
Lessons went unlearned. Slowing down apparently wasn't an option. The process repeated itself around every corner until the town's lights appeared. The driver turned to the passenger and lost control of the car again.
—Christ, will you watch the road? I could do better than whatever it is you're doing.
—You're too late. We're here.
The car skidded to a halt in the snowed-in driveway leading to the coffee shop. A hasty foot on the accelerator powered the vehicle over the snow piled up by the plow.
The man and a woman got out. Feet slipped on the icy ground as they made their way to the warmth of the interior. The woman halted, dropped down on her back in the deepening snow, and waved her arms and legs. When she got up, a snow angel appeared.
—Bitch, get your shit together.
She giggled and chased the man into the restaurant, throwing snow and weak punches that did no harm. She reached beneath her jacket, absentmindedly. Couldn't find what she was looking for. Startled, she retraced her steps.
Cursing her stupidity, Fiona kicked and scratched and dug and finally located the pistol. With a wet, freezing hand she tucked it into the waistband of her jeans beneath the thick parka. The freezing steel contacted her bare midriff, forcing a grimace. The look remained all the way to the restaurant.
—Well don't you look so menacing. Who crapped in your breakfast cereal?
—The gun is cold. I lost it in the snow when I was making the angel.
—Well for Christ's sake, Fiona, will you stop screwing around? It's the only one we have. Give it to me.
A couple got up to leave. The duo raced to the table and moved dishes aside to make room for elbows and forearms. Fiona looked around. There were too many people looking at them.
—No. Not here. Order something. I'm hungry.
She got up and made her way to the restroom. She washed her hands. Splashed water on her face. Ran fingers through her hair in a vain attempt to improve her look. With nothing left for her to do, she regarded herself in the mirror. A cold-eyed reflection stared back.
She was a mess. Dark circles surrounded her eyes from sleepless worrying. The deal with the credit union hadn't gone so well. An off-duty cop happened to drive by while they were liberating travel expenses.
Her boyfriend had been shot in a gunfight while exiting the building. She returned fire. She wasn't so certain she'd hit anything, but the gunfire died and they were able to make it to the car unopposed, minus the boyfriend.
Disgusted with herself for leaving him behind, she made her way to the table in time to remind Lucky, her companion, what a loser he was. He hadn't been so lucky, either.
—We could have saved him. You're such a useless chicken-shit. If I ever get out of here—
The waitress appeared and she was forced to halt her fierce whispering.
—You folks want coffee?
—Sure. Thanks.
—The troopers closed the roads. How did you get here?
—We came the other way. I guess he hasn't got that far yet.
The waitress shrugged. She knew the east end of the state highway was always the first closed. The interstate exit was last in case stragglers came along. She wondered if they were lying or didn't know any better.
—You just passing through?
—Who wants to know?
Fiona's hand moved to the pistol beneath her jacket. She fumbled her attempt beneath the thick layers of clothing.
—No big deal. I'm glad you were able to make it off the road and out of the storm. You want something to go with the coffee?
Fiona ordered and then asked about a place to stay. The waitress waved her hand in the general direction of the town.
—There's a hotel over yonder. The couple sitting at that table got the last room.
She nodded her head in their direction. Fiona chose that moment to take out her phone. There was no signal.
—You might as well know. The phone tower is down.
So that's why there were no texts. The agreement was to switch out cars here. The bullet holes in the one they were driving were a dead giveaway. So was the broken side window.
—How about that phone on the wall?
—It's a landline. It'll work.
—You got a phone book?
The waitress brought it over.
—I'll bring your orders when they're ready.
Fiona absentmindedly flipped through the book.
—Where the hell are we anyway?
When no one answered, a man volunteered. He was half of the couple with the last room.
—Best I can do is tell you you're in Escape, Colorado. No idea about the highway number. All the signs are covered in snow.
—Yeah. Escape. Here it is.
She ran her finger over the hotel listing in the thin yellow page section. The wall phone rang and she jumped. The waitress picked it up. She spent a long time listening before answering.
—Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Of course.
Janine looked around the small diner before lowering her voice.
—We have two couples matching that description. Both of them came in recently.
She hesitated.
—Yes. No idea on the cars. I can't see out the window in the storm. The roads are closed.
She hung up, turned, and bumped into Fiona. Janine rushed into the kitchen, unsure how much the woman had overheard. Fiona thought maybe the waitress had been in too much of a hurry to get into the kitchen. She looked after her and then decided it was nothing. She dialed the hotel. It rang and rang before it was finally picked up.
—Hello? Hello?
—I'm looking for a Nash. He most likely checked in yesterday. Or today, maybe.
She listened and hung up. At the table, she stood and looked over the room before sitting down.
—Two rooms are reserved at the hotel under Nash. How the hell are we supposed to know which one it is? Lucky, who the hell is your contact? What did you end up arranging for us?
—Friend of a friend. Last name is Nash. That's all I know. He brought a car up. He'll take care of ours for a fee. What more do you need to know?
Fiona's eyes narrowed as she regarded Lucky across the table. If she didn't need this loser-
She put the thought out of her mind, but not before checking the familiar gun tucked in her belt. The strain was beginning to get to her. With the phones out, she couldn't call any hospitals to check on the condition of her boyfriend. Using the restaurant's landline in the open was out of the question.
—Pay the bill and let's get out of here. The hotel is over a couple of streets.
Fiona shook her head as she realized they'd ended up in the very town were the car switch was to take place. With all the road signs covered in snow, they'd been fortunate.
Maybe Lucky wasn't so unlucky after all.




TWELVE


FIONA MADE A grab for the keys and took the wheel. She tromped on the accelerator. The car skidded out of the parking lot and fishtailed down the street. She turned left and spotted the two-story hotel. It was the tallest building in the town.
They glued their faces to the window, checking it out.
—So what are we go going to do?
—Well, you're going to ask at the front desk for Nash. When they ask you which one, ask for the single one.
—Why do I always have to be the one out in the cold? Can't you go for a change?
—Just do it, dammit.
Fiona fumbled to find a station that was anything but talk radio. Tapped the steering wheel. Adjusted the heat. All she wanted was to change cars and get out of town. She wouldn't be happy until they were back on the road.
Lucky leaned in the broken back door's window.
—There's nobody in the two rooms. They haven't checked in yet. The woman said it was probably because of the storm.
Now what? Do we park and wait? Do we get out of Dodge in a hurry? She wasn't happy with what the storm was doing to the roads. Even if they could get to the interstate, she doubted they could make it back to Denver. She checked the gas gage.
—Shit. Shit. Shit.
Fiona pounded the steering wheel in frustration. She should never have allowed her boyfriend to talk her into believing Lucky would be essential to the robbery. Lucky was a fool. She'd live with it for now, but she would make sure he'd be gone at the first opportunity.




THIRTEEN


I LOOKED OUT the diner's window at the snow-covered parking lot in time to witness a woman throw herself into the snow on her back. Arms and legs flapped and waved and she stood up, looked down at her handiwork, and grinned. Whatever it was made her happy.
The man looking on said something. She rewarded him with a punch in the back. It appeared as though they were about to start an argument. Instead, she punched him again and followed him into the coffee shop.
The door closed and I kept my eyes on her for an instant too long. A hand moved to feel around her waist. A look of panic appeared. She hurried out into the blowing snow, careful to put her back to the window.
She bent over whatever it was she made in the snow. She kicked at it and began fishing for something. She dropped to her knees. Maybe she was looking for a missing phone. She must have found whatever it was because she straightened and walked back to the diner.
The duo rushed to a recently deserted table. Leftover dishes scattered to be replaced with arms and elbows. They kept their parkas on. They appeared anxious, but I figured it was no more than what we had experienced on the icy, wind-swept highway.
The couple kept looking around, as though searching for someone. The woman asked for a phone book. She scoured it, stood up, and went to the wall phone. She dialed a number and waited.
Maddie commented on my curiosity with the couple.
—Well, detective, what have you determined?
The woman hung up and returned to the table. Her hand went beneath her parka and adjusted something. I didn't think it was her waistband. I lowered my voice to a whisper.
—She's packing. That's what she was doing out in the snow. She was looking for her handgun. She must have dropped it when she made whatever it is she's so proud of.
—A snow angel, Jim. She was making a snow angel.
A snow angel. What the hell was a snow angel?
—In any case, remind me to keep a wide berth, would you? We're here in a winter wonderland. Let's enjoy ourselves and sit in front of a warm fireplace and take selfies to show everyone back home how much fun we're having.
I grinned and looked across the table at Maddie.
—Are you having fun yet?
She smiled coyly.
—I will be when I get you out of here and into that motel room.
—I don't think we should be sending anyone selfies of that.
I returned my attention to the couple across the room.
—She just handed off the handgun beneath the table to her boyfriend. The whole room would know it if they were looking.
Maddie didn't look.
—Well, so much for my idea. What's yours?
—Let's pay and get out of here. Snow angel be damned. I don't like the looks of those two.
—Cozy hotel room, here we come, Friday.




FOURTEEN


LUCKY WALKED OUT of the diner with Fiona and immediately began complaining about the cold. His open parka flapped in the wind. Fiona only looked at him and shook her head. How had she been so stupid to get herself tangled up with this loser? Complain was all he had done since the robbery.
—Clean off your side of the windshield, would you? I can't see a damned thing.
Reluctantly, Lucky ran a bare hand over the freezing cold glass, sweeping the snow away. The wipers stopped working. Fiona rolled down her window and stuck her head out to find the way to the hotel.
She gunned the engine to clear the low snowbank and skidded to a stop in front of the motel lobby. She left the engine running and got out. She thought she shouldn't leave the keys in the ignition, but the car was cold and covered in snow. She wanted the heater to take care of it.
The clerk took pity on the frozen-looking young woman the instant she opened the door. The wind whipped and almost dragged it out of her hand. Fiona wrestled it shut and the older woman smiled.
—Thanks for saving my door.
—No prob. We're supposed to be meeting with a man named Nash. Has he checked in yet? It's important that I get to see him. The phones are down and I can't get in touch.
—There's a Nash registered. He's with his wife in a double. Or maybe it's his girlfriend. They're parked out back. The single by that name hasn't checked in yet.
—All right. Thanks.
Fiona pulled the car around to the hotel's back lot. She parked and rolled down her window enough to keep an eye on the entire lot. A single car had a rental sticker partly visible on the snow-covered bumper.
If that dumb bastard brought her a rental—
The couple came out of their room and she forgot about it. A black dog bounded ahead them. They had to be taking it for a walk. Busy with the dog and fighting the wind and snow, the couple didn't appear to notice the idling car.
Fiona recognized them as the couple from the diner. The man had been watching her, pretending not to look when she handled the gun tucked into her belt. He knew. Maybe he was a cop. Or military.
The couple disappeared around the corner of the building. Lucky started all over with non-stop complaining. She regarded him coldly in the dim light of the car's interior
—Lucky, if you don't like it here, go someplace else.
He looked at her incredulously.
—Where am I going to go?
Whiny. He was always whining about something. Damn her boyfriend for getting her hooked up with this one. He was useless. In the firefight outside the credit union he'd been useless. Hadn't fired a single round.
He exited the car and walked behind it, finished what he was doing, and climbed in. The interior light came on, illuminating the dark stain on both pant legs.
—For Christ's sake, Lucky. You can't even take a leak.
—The wind—
—Yeah yeah. The wind.
His dick had to be so short that even she wouldn't be able to find it. She laughed at the image.
—What?
—Nothing. I was thinking about what we need to do.
She had to do something. If their contact wasn't going to make it in this weather, they needed somewhere to stay. So far, it looked like the hotel was the only place. They couldn't hang out at the diner. Lucky was too stupid. He'd probably get them caught.
—Lucky?
He looked across the seat.
—Walk around to the front and ask the clerk if we can borrow the key to our friend's room. Tell her it's too cold to wait out in this blizzard. Tell her we're getting low on gas. Tell her anything.
Lucky opened the car door to get out.
—And don't let her front door blow off in this wind, okay?




FIFTEEN


I PUT THE woman and the handgun out of my mind to concentrate on driving in the slippery snow. I skidded onto the main drag. I turned off in the direction of the two-story hotel, parked, and entered the lobby. I managed to catch the door at the last second.
A lobby filled with antiques dating back to the early twentieth century greeted me. An old cigar store Indian did double duty as a silent sentry. I rang the bell and was glad it was 2018. An elderly woman came out to greet me.
—The waitress at the coffee shop told us about your place. She called to reserve a room. Nash With the dog.
—Oh, yes. Someone else called, too. She asked about a Nash. She wouldn't leave a message. Perhaps she'll call again.
That was strange. No one knew we were here. It had to be a miscommunication. With all the strangers taking refuge from the main roads, it was bound to happen.
I took the key and fought the snow to get to the back and the parking spot in front of the room. Maddie brought the car around. Friday was happy to be let loose. He bounded out and ran and jumped and rolled like he was happy to be here.
Maddie and I were wishing we were someplace else when we saw the room. Were it not for the blizzard—
—We'll make the best of it. I'll get our winter gear out of the trunk and we can take Friday for a walk.
—Good thinking, detective. If we get lost in this maelstrom, he can lead us ashore.
Friday tired of the snow at the same time I finished unloading the trunk. I carried in our parkas and boots. Friday was right behind me. By the time we dressed for the weather, he was up on the bed, looking disgusted.
—I don't think he's too keen for a walk, Jim.
—It'll build his character. He'll be so happy when we get him back to Miami that he'll love you forever.
—He already does that. You're thinking he might love you forever.
—Maybe. But he's going to have to show he cares by coming along on our walk. Where's the leash?
On hearing the word leash, Friday jumped off the bed and retreated as far away from the door as he could get. He plopped down on the floor, closed his eyes, and pretended to sleep in front of the radiator.
—Gosh, I wonder where he learned that? I seem to recall a woman asleep in a car—
Maddie ignored me and called to her dog.
—Come on, Friday. It's time for our walk.
He reluctantly roused himself from his pretend sleep and waddled unenthusiastically to the door. An idling car confronted us as we exited the room. It didn't seem all that unusual with the blizzard raging and the snow swirling around the old hotel. The window went up and the car disappeared around the front of the building.
—It must be people looking for relief from the storm. Come on, Friday, it's time to walk off some muffin top.
It wasn't pleasant. The wind huffed and puffed and picked up snow already fallen to add to the fresh stuff blowing in. Ice pellets blasted our bare faces. I gave Friday free reign and he tugged the leash out as far as he could before rushing back.
Like his human companions, he wasn't accustomed to this weather abuse.
—All right, Friday, we'll go back.
Maddie turned almost as fast as her dog.
—I thought you'd never give up.
—What? Friday? Is that you? You've been holding out on me. You can talk after all.
She dug fingers into my side and I pulled her down into the snow. Friday snuffled snow and his warm breath over our faces and pretended he was enjoying it, too. Undecided, he gave up and sat down in the snow. When he figured out his rear was getting cold, he jumped up and made a fast dash for the room until he caught up to his leash.




SIXTEEN


THE CAR HAD moved to a spot beside ours in front of the adjacent room. I tried to look through the frost-covered windows. It was an impossible task, and I didn't want to disturb the buildup of snow. I handed over the leash to Maddie and walked between the cars. I brushed snow from the license plate. Snow slid off. Holes in the trunk lid appeared above the plate.
Bullet holes. I didn't need to look twice. And a broken rear window on the passenger side. Stolen? What the hell? This couldn't be good. I checked the room window. No curtain parted. Maybe they were asleep in the room next to ours. I closed the door to our room and left the fierce storm. Inside, the wind only whistled around the spaces between the door and the frame.
—Maddie?
She kept on drying Friday with a towel.
—That couple from the diner. The car that was parked when we left with Friday?
The couple in the room next door definitely wasn't asleep. Moans and groans said they were doing anything but sleeping.
—What about it?
—It's parked beside us.
—No big deal. They must have reserved a room the same way we did.
—Yeah, but—
—You're on a winter wonderland holiday. Give up being the detective and enjoy it.
—Ordinarily I would.
Was there any need to tell her? We'd be out of here tomorrow. But would we? Janine in the diner mentioned that the storm was settling in for a good blow. It could be days before anyone got out. If that was the case, so much for the waiting lodge.
They'd be trapped with the people in the room next to them. They'd see them in the lobby. The café. They'd be looking for a car if experience told him anything. Maybe even a hostage if they were desperate.
The State Police would no doubt arrive when the roads were finally open. Maybe even before that by helicopter. How desperate would the couple be if that was the case?
—Bullet holes are plastered all over our neighbor's trunk.
Maddie halted her rubbing and dropped the towel. She seemed to be considering how she might talk me out of having witnessed the holes. Friday scurried off to lay down by the radiator.
—Well—
She drifted into silence before getting up to part the curtain to stare absent-minded into the night's raging blizzard.
—The phone towers are down. We can't call anyone.
She dropped the curtain and picked up the room phone. She shook her head. The phone was dead. She dialed but the switchboard wasn't available.
—You could go to the lobby and ask to use theirs.
With the roads closed, the state police wouldn't be anywhere close to here. The lone officer who greeted us at the barrier would be long gone. I doubted they'd be patrolling the interstate in this weather. With all roads closed, we'd be on our own.
—I'm good. There's no reason to concern ourselves. We haven't had anything to do with the pair outside of seeing them in the diner.
Yet.
Unable to think about anything else, I waited until Maddie went for her shower. I pulled on my boots and parka and made sure to check the locked door before heading for the lobby. I opened the door and kicked my boots free of snow as best I could. The woman from the diner was there. Like she was waiting. Had she seen me checking out the car? The clerk was there, too.
—Here's Mr. Nash now. Mr. Nash, this young woman is looking for a gentleman with the same name. He's supposed to be staying in our hotel. Are you the man she's looking for?
I took a good look at the woman in a black parka and long leather boots. She smiled back with a doubtful look. She was tall, with wild blonde hair cropped short. She had a haggard look about her. Dark circles rimmed her eyes. It was no wonder, considering the bullet holes in the back of their car.
—I couldn't be. I've never seen her before. What's your name?
There was a story here somewhere. Out in the wilds of Colorado in a blizzard with no police, no phones, and no escape. It wasn't for me to be asking the questions.
—Fiona. My name's Fiona. Are you Nash?
—That's my name, all right. Jim Nash. My partner and I are here on a holiday. We were headed to a ski resort when we got caught up in the blizzard and were forced to hole up in town. I think I saw you in the coffee shop earlier.
I smiled, and that seemed to placate her. I wondered if she noticed me looking when she handled the gun. I tried putting the image out of my mind on the walk back to the room as I fought to trudge through the deep snow. The wind wasn't letting up in the slightest.
Okay, so I forgot most of it. I couldn't forget those bullet holes.
Maddie was coming out of the bathroom when I closed the door. I took off my parka and settled on the bed.
—Did you get any answers?
—Her name's Fiona. She's looking for some guy named Nash. That's all she knows about him. The landlines are down, now, too.
—So we're stuck here for the foreseeable future. Did anyone know how long the storm is going to last?
I patted the bed.
—Come here and we'll talk about it.




SEVENTEEN


FIONA TOOK ONE look at Lucky in the shower and knew immediately that her earlier thoughts on the size of his dick were completely off-base. She tore her clothes off, pulled the curtain aside, and pushed him out of the way to make room in the tiny shower. Her error became even more apparent as Lucky rose to the occasion.
By the time the water turned cold they were on their way to bed in a furious scramble of hands and mouths and naked bodies. The headboard took a beating the likes of which it had never seen in recent history. So did Fiona as she began to doubt the abilities of her longtime boyfriend, thanks to Lucky and his well-aimed and oversized appendage.
During a well-deserved break, Fiona scrambled out of bed. She searched for her panties and shirt she had so nimbly discarded on her way to the shower. She pulled them on and climbed on the bed. Breasts bounced and shirt flopped as she began bouncing up and down as though she was on a trampoline.
—What are we going to do? The car guy isn't here. If he was close, he'd be here by now. He wasn't in the restaurant with the others. The guy next door is a Nash, but he's not the one we want.
—How do you know?
Lucky's wide eyes followed Fiona's ass as the shirt rose and fell. She was a little skinnier than he liked them, but that only meant everything stayed in the right place, whether she was standing up or laying down.
—I talked to him in the lobby. They're headed for a ski lodge. They ended up stranded just like we did before the roads closed.
The buttons popped, exposing Fiona's breasts. Lucky's eyes followed them.
—I don't remember seeing them in the café.
He wanted another feast.
—Yeah. They were there. I caught him checking me out.
Lucky made a grab. Fiona's squeal turned to laughter as she tumbled willingly onto the bed. She rolled on her back and yanked her panties off in one practiced motion. She wasn't about saying no now.
For act two, she threw a leg over. When she finished, the bed had shifted almost to the middle of the small room. She lost her head twice for her troubles before collapsing on top of a thoroughly exhausted and sweat-covered Lucky. She wasn't so wide-awake either.
—I apologize for calling your dick tiny. Are we okay now?
She remembered she hadn't actually said it. She'd have to make it up to him later after she allowed him to rest. Lucky's smug self-satisfied look said it before he voiced it.
—Of course we're okay.
He absentmindedly touched a breast before rolling over as if to sleep. The passion she'd put into their fevered lovemaking disgusted her. She'd not once thought of her missing boyfriend. She climbed out of bed and headed for the shower to wash away the sins of her willful escapade.
Fiona pulled on her jeans and tucked in her shirt before climbing back into bed. She tossed and turned. Sleep refused to come. She was stranded. Worse, she willingly cheated on her boyfriend. It had been good, but she was furious with herself for allowing it in the first place.
If she knew anything, when the blizzard cleared cops would be first on the scene, concerned for the wellbeing of the town. They might even come by helicopter. She had to get out, one way or the other.
Where the hell was the car?




EIGHTEEN


I WAITED FOR the lights to go out next door. The reflection on the growing snowbank dimmed and I left Maddie sleeping. I pulled on my clothes and opened the door. Friday didn't bother to look up. He was content to remain inside after his last foray into the snowy cold and his frozen rear.
It seemed like the wind was dying. The snow looked to be coming down a lot lighter. I couldn't be sure, of course. This was the first blizzard I had witnessed in my life. I took comfort in the fact that the car doors weren't frozen when I gently pulled on a handle.
I searched for the trunk latch and popped it. I went through the front and the back seats and came up with nothing. A couple of elastic bands. For the woman's hair, probably. And plenty of snow. They'd broken the window. Most likely to steal the car.
Satisfied, I eased the door closed and went to lift the trunk lid. Snow slipped off, revealing bullet holes. The light came on and treated me to a couple of bags and some empty cash wrappers. They hadn't taken all of it inside. A small amount appeared to be missing.
What for? Takeout? Unlikely. Since the woman was looking for someone, it had to be about a payoff of some sort. Going by the bullet holes, perhaps the car had been used in a robbery. Without a working cell tower, more information was off the table.
The cash wrappers would explain the woman's gun. That had to be the reason for the elastics in the front. Had they been on the road since Denver, as Maddie and I had been? The answer to that was a probable yes.
Okay, so we had a couple of desperadoes looking for a man named Nash. More than likely, he hadn't appeared, thus the woman's query at the front desk. Like everyone else, he too had been delayed by the storm and the road closings. If he would show at all.
I wondered if Maddie would be in danger due to the name mix up. I'd met Fiona in the hotel lobby. She looked disheveled and confused. If she was lucky, her boyfriend would screw some sense into her before she made a serious mistake and came for our car.
I eased the trunk lid down and leaned on it. It snapped shut and I went inside. Beneath the sheets, Maddie shivered and moved to the edge of the bed as I snuggled against her in an attempt to gain respite from the cold air I'd been bathing in.
—Well? What did you discover?




NINETEEN


IT WAS MADDIE'S turn to take Friday for his walk first thing in the snowy morning. She knew, because she'd already looked out the window. Several times. The view didn't improve. She dressed reluctantly, getting up and then sitting down. Pretending to look for articles of clothing discarded and scattered during last night's lovemaking.
—You could just shoo him out the door, you know. Just like us he won't wander too far.
She continued pulling on layers of clothing to protect against the intense cold and wind.
—Easy for you to say. With the way that snow is still coming down, I'd find it by stepping in it.
—Just like real life, isn't it?
—All right, we're going. Aren't we, Friday?
Friday couldn't hold it any longer. Already he was by the door, impatient, begging to go. Outside, Friday tugged at Maddie and the leash for two circuits of the hotel before halting at their room. Maddie's cheeks were a chill pink, thanks to the brisk wind. Snow-covered Friday only looked disgruntled to be outside in weather that definitely wasn't home by any stretch of his memory.
—You're back already? That didn't take long.
I raised the blankets to welcome a disrobing Maddie and moved to make room. Instead of getting Maddie, fresh and cool from her winter excursion, an over-eager Friday's ice-cold nose and snow-covered body jumped in beside me and stretched out in the warm spot I left behind.
—Friday. Bad dog. Shame on you.
 Maddie giggled as I slithered out as fast as I could on the opposite side. Friday definitely wasn't about listening to me. He only looked across at his mistress and wagged his tail as her laughter went on.
—Good boy, Friday. You got that man out of bed, finally.
—So now I'm that man, am I?
I readied myself for the brisk walk to the café by dressing in easy to remove layers. Friday thumped onto the floor by the radiator and refused to even look at his food bowl or his water. He wouldn't look at us, either, probably thinking that if he did we'd take him with us. He seemed resigned to being a weather refugee.
Clogged sidewalks forced us into the middle of the street. We had the the café in sight when the car fishtailed past. I recognized Fiona's partner as he shifted in his seat and stared out a window partially covered in frost. Either he was looking for respite from last night's activities or he was checking out Maddie in her thick parka and loose wind pants.
—He wants you.
She only grinned.
—After last night's workout with that woman, he's in no mood to want anything. Trust me.
—Do you have any evidence to back that up?
—Yeah. You. What we did last night. How soon you forget.
She ran ahead of me to the restaurant. I followed her to the small counter. On the way I passed Fiona and her partner at a table by themselves. The diner was too small for her not to notice. A chair scraped and she approached, smiling. I recognized it as a smile I didn't want anything to do with.
—You can join us if you want. We have room for two more at our table.
Maddie muttered a quiet Oh god under her breath. I ignored her and stood up and she followed me to join the couple. Following introductions, Lucky and Maddie sat quietly. Fiona filled us in on how she'd been unable to find the man she mentioned in the lobby the previous evening.
—He's probably delayed by the storm, Fiona. We all are.
That smile again. I avoided it and instead looked around at the rapidly filling restaurant. Some were straggling in from the motel. Lucky chose that moment to speak.
—You're the one waiting for him.
Fiona gave the man a look that should have sent him straight to hell.
—We were supposed to pick him up and head for Denver. I guess he could be anywhere in this blizzard.
—Everyone says it's a bad one. We made it through the barrier yesterday as the trooper was closing it. If your friend is stranded, I hope he's somewhere warm.
That sealed it. Fiona deflated immediately. Lucky didn't look so hot either. Fiona got up and went to the phone. She picked it up and listened before returning to the table.
—The phone is down. Nothing works in this dump.
Maddie shifted her gaze from the window and the fierce blowing snow to the woman across the table.
—It's not so bad, Fiona. We're safe. We have food and a warm place to stay. We're the fortunate ones. We could be trapped somewhere on the highway with no food or heat and only the back of a car to sleep in.
As though not entirely convinced, Fiona turned her gaze to the window. In the hours since daylight, the storm hadn't let up. If anything, it was worse. Wind-driven snow streaked across the window, obscuring the parking lot and everything beyond. The woman returned her gaze to Maddie.
—I saw you walking your dog this morning. He's beautiful.
—He wasn't so keen on going outside. We're from Miami. None of us are used to snow and cold.
—What's his name?
—Friday. He sat his butt down in the snow yesterday. It took him a couple of seconds to realize how cold he'd gotten all of a sudden.
Fiona laughed.
—I can just see him doing that. It's great. Right, Lucky?
The wind whistled past the door of the warm, cozy restaurant as another couple sought breakfast and refuge from the cold.
—It would be a lot greater if we were back in Denver.
Fiona gave him a hard look.
—We can't go back to Denver.
She realized what she said. A dark look overtook her face.
—The storm. We can't go back because of the storm.
One look at Maddie fidgeting in her chair and I could tell she wanted out of the diner.
—We can't get to our ski lodge, either. Maybe tomorrow. Come on, Jim. Friday needs another walk.
I moved to pick up the tab for the coffee. Fiona reacted instantly to cover my hand with hers.
—I got this one. You can get it next time.
She smiled warmly before releasing my hand.
—I'll see you back at the hotel.
Maddie walked towards the door, mumbling under her breath.
—What was that, sweetheart?
—Oh no she won't. Not if I have anything to do with it.
—So then, it's okay if Lucky checks you out, but—
—You know it, mister. He can look all he wants. If she tries anything with you, I'll scratch her eyes out after I beat her senseless.
Maddie ran ahead, laughing. I caught up and pulled her down into a snow bank.
—You're one tough hombre this morning. Let's get back to the hotel and see how tough you really are.
—Promises. After the way you were snoring last night, I thought it would be me and Fiona for breakfast this morning.
—Given the woman's performance last night, I'm surprised poor Lucky is even alive.




TWENTY


BOOTS BAYBERRY HAD run out of his fortified coffee hours ago. He unscrewed the top on his third or fourth energy drink. He brought it to his lips and emptied the container in one giant gulp.
It had been a long, rough night. He had returned to the depot for fuel, twice. The noise was starting go get to him, even with ear protectors. His entire body was numb from the vibrations of the powerful piece of road-clearing equipment.
He needed a break. If he stopped at home for a coffee refill, Emma would demand he stop for food and a nap. She might even take over if she thought he was too exhausted to continue. He couldn't take that chance.
He halted the huge machine on the street in front of the coffee shop and left it idling. He tipped his empty thermos in case there was a drop left before climbing down the slippery ladder.
His feet skidded on the ice-covered bottom rung and he ended up ass over teakettle in a snowbank on his hands and knees. He struggled to get up. Finally he closed a bare hand on the cold steel of the machine for support. Halfway to the restaurant, he turned back.
He went down on his hands and knees once more, this time on purpose. Bare hands flailed through the cold snow, searching for the thermos that slipped from his grip. Realizing where he was, he stood up and kicked at the snow. His foot connected with the metal container. He bent to pick it up and made his way into the restaurant.
Janine called out, taking pity on a frozen, shaking Boots at the counter. 
—You want something to eat, Boots?
She smiled warmly, immediately recognizing the picture of exhaustion before her. She patted his hand and hesitated before pulling away.
—No. Haf'ta go back. Work. Jus' coffee. No cream.
Janine shook her head as she took the thermos from Boots. She brought it to her nose and inhaled. She made a face and went into the kitchen to rinse it.
—Jus' half. Jus' half.
The waitress knew better than to question Boots. Normally, she'd call Emma, his daughter, when this happened, but the phones were out. The restaurant's landline was down, too, courtesy of the fierce storm.
Fiona watched with amazement before casting a knowing look at Lucky.
—He's drunk.
—How can you tell? Look at what he's driving.
—My old man was a drunk. And what he's driving leaves plenty of room for mistakes when you can power over everything blocking your way.
—Yeah, it's no good to us.
—Don't be so sure. I have an idea.




TWENTY-ONE


EMMA FINISHED ALL the cooking and baking she thought she needed to weather the storm. With time on her hands, she was beginning to worry about her father. Usually, he returned for more coffee and the extra sandwiches she always prepared. With the phones down, there was no way to contact him. Their own road was starting to pile up with snow to a level she'd never experienced.
It was getting to a point where she needed to go out and look for him for her own piece of mind. She packed her father's sandwiches and coffee in her backpack. She prepared for a camping expedition in a snow bank by pulling on thick winter gear starting with wind pants over her insulated thermal bottoms.
The last item she donned was her helmet. Heated gloves followed. She walked out to start the snowmobile. It cranked, but it wouldn't turn over. She checked the tank. She found half of a five gallon can in the garage. It would be more than enough to take her where she needed to be.
She allowed the machine to idle for a few minutes before rocking it from side to side to break it free from the icy, frozen snow. She squeezed the throttle slowly, allowing the belt to warm and the speed to build up. By the end of the long, familiar driveway she was at full throttle.
She knew the road would be blocked off at the interstate ramp. At the driveway's intersection with the highway, she slowed and leaned into the corner to bank the machine into the turn. Once on the straightaway, she squeezed the throttle for full speed ahead.
Emma braked hard to end the ride at the interstate cut-off and the barrier. She completed the trip in record time, but she didn't cross paths with her father in the huge snow blower.
She got off and checked the barrier. Someone had left the chain undone. She fastened it and returned to the machine for the ride to town.
It was obvious this section of the roadway hadn't been cleared recently. Where the snow-covered road was visible, it was polished to ice by the wind-driven snow. Only a narrow trail remained between the towering snowbanks on either side.
Either her father was in town taking a break at the restaurant, or he'd happened on something on the other side of town, causing the delay. She knew that section of the highway to be treacherous, surrounded as it was by high valley walls that were almost vertical. It provided a funnel for the snow to build up and be forced through, driven into the widening valley that surrounded the town.
She charged down the snow-swept road on the snowmobile. She squinted ahead, her vision obscured by the falling snow and the bright headlight reflecting into her eyes from the wall of blurry white. She wished she'd changed out the white light for a yellow. It would have made the going a lot easier.
She relaxed her grip on the throttle on every blind corner. She didn't want to meet the blower coming the other way. Neither she nor her dad would get a lot of time to halt before encountering the metal on metal of the whirling rotors.
That's what happened with her father years ago when he came across a car buried in the snow. It was a family of three. He'd been unable to see the small car in front of him. He powered through the drift. By the time the whirling blades of the blower came to a standstill, it was too late.
The powerful blades had started chopping at the rear of the car and hadn't stopped until they reached the back seat. The bodies were found where they were sleeping, still wrapped in their sleeping bags. Neither the people in the car nor her father had seen any of it coming in the fierce blizzard that this one was beginning to resemble.
Her dad hadn't been the same after that. How could he? He turned to drink to forget. It was on nights like these that she worried the most about him. It was on a night such as this when he'd destroyed the car and the people inside.
Emma braked to a halt in front of the restaurant. The blower wasn't anywhere in sight. She removed her helmet, walked inside, and looked around. Her father wasn't there. Janine spotted her and called out.
—He was in earlier, Emma. I filled a thermos for him and he headed back out right away. I offered, but he wouldn't take time to eat anything.
She always worried about her father during the worst storms, and this was definitely one of the worst. Should she head north on the local highway to search for him, or should she stop worrying and go home to wait?
Janine waved her over and lowered her voice.
—Your dad seemed drunk, Emma. I don't want to cause problems, but he shouldn't be out on the roads like that.
Emma looked doubtful. She knew her father had halted his drinking years ago. It was something they never talked about, but surely she would know if he had taken it up again.
—Did he ask for his usual half-thermos?
—He did.
—Normally he fills the rest with energy drinks. I keep telling him not to, but he won't listen.
—Typical of all the men around here, dearie. Don't worry about it.
Janine lowered her voice to a conspiratorial pitch.
—Maybe he wasn't drinking, but he left the machine running in the middle of the street. He almost tumbled out of it on his way in here. He even dropped his container in the snow and had to go back for it.
Now she was worried. That wasn't like her father. He was meticulous when it came to doing his job. He'd been that way for years.
Emma returned to her snowmobile. She headed for the part of the highway that went north out of town. She checked her gas gage and turned around. She filled up at the local gas station and slipped twenty dollars under the door of the closed and locked business.
Back on the highway, the single lane looked to have been recently cleared. That meant only one thing—her father was in front of her. She squeezed the throttle all the way to the handlebar and guided the machine easily along the snow-covered highway. The buildup of snowbanks on either side of the road helped her rocket through the turns at breakneck speeds.




TWENTY-TWO


BOOTS WAS ALMOST certain he'd spotted a faint glimmer of light somewhere in front of him in the drifting snow. He slowed and disengaged the powerful blades on the noisy snow blower. He backed up, stopped, and left the engine running. He squinted harder, as though that would help him find it again.
He debated whether he should carry on, or get out and take a look. He climbed down, put on his gloves, and walked in front of the idling machine.
Something caught his eye. He ran up to the wall of snow and began frantically digging with his hands. Frustrated at the lack of progress, he went back to the plow. He unlatched the box, reached for the shovel and retreated down the side of the machine.
As he dug, a faint glow in the snowbank became brighter. He dug faster until the shovel scraped on metal. Perspiration ran down his face. He blinked the sweat out of his eyes. His breath came shorter and faster. He needed to take a break, but he couldn't take the time. He couldn't let whoever might be in the car wait even a minute longer.
Boots' grip on the shovel slackened. He struggled to open the car door. It wouldn't budge. It was frozen shut or locked. He banged on the window with the shovel in a fruitless attempt to smash it. Weak and ineffectual blows bounced off the glass.
Shooting pain down his left arm brought him to his knees. There was a pounding in his chest. He released the shovel and doubled over. He tried to stand up. He couldn't do anything but lie on the ground beside the car buried in the snow.
With his right hand he felt for the phone in his pocket. He fumbled to retrieve it and then remembered that the towers had been affected by the storm. There wouldn't be a signal. He gave up and resigned himself to freeze to death in the middle of the worst blizzard he'd ever experienced.
Boots was convinced this one would be his last. He wouldn't make it. He closed his eyes and tried not to think about leaving his Emma all alone.




TWENTY-THREE


MADDIE KNEW JIM was uncomfortable with the bullet-riddled car parked next to theirs behind the motel. She wasn't pleased with the situation, either. The couple in the room next door was bad luck during normal circumstances. It became even worse luck since becoming trapped and isolated in the small town in the middle of a blizzard.
Fiona and Lucky were arguing again. She could hear them through the thin walls like a door wide open. Last night, they argued about the woman's boyfriend back in Denver. Their fighting proved to be a temporary distraction, considering the never-ending sounds that went on for what seemed like most of the night.
More arguing began after Jim went out to walk Friday, although it wasn't anything she could make out. A loud discussion, perhaps. Then a tap on the door and she opened it to Fiona staring back at her through the frost-covered screen door. A huge dark circle surrounded the woman's right eye. A cut on the opposite cheek was bleeding.
She didn't want to do it. She knew better. Then she considered the shape the woman was in and couldn't refuse. She opened the door for the battered woman to enter the room.
—What happened to you?
She knew the answer. It was patently obvious thanks to the paper-thin walls.
—Lucky. He's jealous.
He wasn't so jealous that it kept either of them from their crazed love-making most of the night and again this morning.
—There's not much to be jealous of out here in the wilderness unless he's not partial to snow and cold. What's wrong with him?
Maddie thought of the car with the bullet holes in the trunk. She'd gone out to take a look for herself, and not because she didn't believe Jim. They must have robbed someone. Or some place. Likely a bank. Was that even a thing any more? Someone, more than likely the police, had peppered the fleeing car.
Maddie came to a realization as she listened to Fiona. The longer she and Jim remained, the more those two would go on insinuating themselves into their lives. They had to have something the pair needed. Or wanted. For whatever reason. The hand-patting in the restaurant was evidence of that.
—Like I told you earlier, we were supposed to be meeting up with someone out here. He hasn't showed up. Now we're worried that he isn't going to make it in this blizzard.
Yeah, and you're looking to us to provide you with a way out. She was glad Jim hadn't mentioned they owned a detective agency back in Miami. She was doubly glad when Jim returned from his walk with Friday. The dog sniffed the air through the open door before entering the room and recognizing Fiona. He stood off, waiting for Jim to come in behind him.
Fiona reached to pet Friday. The dog dodged the outstretched hand and moved to stand beside his mistress. Disappointed, she smiled at Jim and squeezed past to return to her room.
—What's with her?
—Did you see her face?
—I noticed. I don't want to get any more involved with those two than we already are.
—I know, Jim. I was thinking of the holes in the trunk of that car the whole time she was here. Even so, I couldn't turn her away looking the way she did. Lucky obviously did a number on her.
—And maybe it was a put-on to gain your trust. You never know with people like that.
He was right, of course. I'd been on my own long enough. Still—
—Let's go to the restaurant. Maybe the phone is working.
The ferocity of the blizzard hadn't lessened. If anything it was even stronger. We tripped and stumbled and struggled through blowing snow and deep snow drifts. We recognized the foggy windows of the diner and readjusted our track to the door. The familiar rattle of the cowbell announced our arrival to those already settled in as sought refuge from the wind and driving snow.
The diner was populated with the regulars seeking respite from the blizzard. We were welcomed as fellow stranded travelers with smiles and nods. We took seats at the counter and everyone carried on with their conversations.
Janine greeted us with a friendly smile before informing us the phone was still out. We settled for ordering breakfast. Listened to the stale rumors circulating around the room. Some were on their third or fourth versions, but they were repeated like gospel. When more refugees came in, the talk of the storm of the century halted and then began all over again as new rumors flew.
—Oh shit. Here they come.
The car slid to a stop in front of the restaurant. Fiona looked even more haggard than she had earlier. Pale and with hair a mess, her parka was wide open and she was shivering. Maddy only needed one look.
—She looks horrible, Jim. And dangerous.
—Could be withdrawal. I'm telling you, Maddie, be careful with that one. And her partner. Boyfriend or no back in Denver, they've bonded. If it's drugs she'll be getting desperate soon. There's no way out of here for any of us until the storm dies and the roads are cleared, drugs or no.



TWENTY-FOUR


AN ANTSY, NERVOUS Fiona dragged Lucky out of the diner back to the room. The man had turned out to be a fantastic lover, rough around the edges, but controllable and eager to be on top of her. She liked that.
She tore at her clothes. Ripped at his. Finished with him and rushed out of bed. Kicked him. She kicked again before he snarled at her to quit.
—Come on, baby. I came up with something just now when you were on top of me.
That she might be thinking of something else during their mindless screwing hadn't occurred to him.
—What? So now it's my fault? If you'd ever learn to give a little—
—Never mind that. I figured something out.
Going by how she behaved when he was on top of her, Lucky figured the only thing she'd come up with was satisfaction after his job well done.
—Do I have to guess?
—Hurry up. Get dressed. We're going for a drive. I'll tell you in the car.
—What about breakfast? You yanked me out of the diner. I'm starving.
—I picked up some chocolate bars. That should hold you until we get back.
Fiona pushed him out the door to the freezing cold car. They made feeble attempts to clear the buildup of snow and ice before giving up. Impatient to be gone, Fiona pulled out of the parking lot. Her head stuck partway out the open window.
She twisted the wheel to avoid the snowmobile screaming past her on the way to town. The car fishtailed into the snowbank. She wrestled with the shift lever, moving it from reverse to drive and back in an attempt to rock the car back and forth to get unstuck.
The effort had little effect until suddenly the car rocked free of its own accord. She floored the pedal and accelerated down the highway, tires spinning, away from the town and the interstate.




TWENTY-FIVE


EMMA CAME UP quickly on the turnaround at the end of her dad's route. It was barely recognizable in the blowing snow. She only saw it because of a break in the wind and the sudden flashing lights. The huge plow was parked and running. A partially snow-covered dark form lay on the ground in front of the plow. She abandoned the snowmobile while it was still advancing. It bumped gently to a stop against the huge machine.
The tall bank of lights on the snow blower illuminated everything around it. It was plain that the body was that of her father. She tore off her helmet and gloves and tossed them aside. She knelt beside him, checking for a pulse.
She raced to the plow and climbed into the cabin to look for the sleeping bag he always carried. She found his gloves and wool hat. She spread the bag open and rolled her father into it after pulling on the gloves and hat. She checked her phone and then replaced it in her pocket.
Emma climbed onto the snowmobile with a vengeance. She glued the throttle to the handlebar and sped down the road towards town. She roared up to the door of the coffee shop, got off, and ran in. The door banged against the wall. The building shook, from the door or yet another gust of wind.
All eyes turned to her.
—I need help. My dad has had a heart attack. He's laying on the ground at the end of the road. I need help and a car to get him here.
Maddie looked at Jim.
—Go.
The cook came out from behind the pass-thru window dragging his parka.
—I was a medic in the military.
Jim followed the girl to the door.
—My car is behind the hotel. Take me there.
Jim jumped onto the back of Emma's snow machine and fought to hold onto her as she scrambled over the snowdrifts to the hotel. It was the fastest Jim had made it since arriving by car.
—Help me clear it.
They rushed to clear the front window. Satisfied, Jim slammed the door, started the car, and made for the café. It was tough going until he made the snow-swept main street blown icy and clear by the fierce wind.
—He's outside on the ground. I wrapped him in a sleeping bag and put on his hat and gloves. Do you think he'll be all right by the time we get there?
Jim didn't know what to say. This was his first foray into freezing cold weather. The cook seemed to be at a loss, too, but he at least offered some hope.
—You did good, Emma. We'll get him back to town.
The cook climbed onto the back of the snow machine with Emma. Both vehicles made their way towards her dad. Jim raced the car as best he could down the icy road. The snowmobile passed him. A car coming the opposite way sped past. It was impossible to see inside the snow-covered windows.
A familiar sight greeted him as soon as he slowed and turned onto the turnabout. The car usually parked beside their rental at the hotel was in front of him. The front end was smashed in. The doors were open. The car was empty.
Boots tried to speak. His words slurred. His pulse was strong. There was no smell of alcohol on his breath. Emma comforted and soothed her father as the two men picked him up.
—Don't worry, dad. We'll get you back to town as fast as we can.
They wrestled him into the back of the car. Boots tried to talk. His words made no sense. Emma stayed with him as Jim began the return trip over the snow and ice covered narrow road.
—Where are we going to put him, Emma? Your place is too far out in the boonies. You're going to need help until the storm eases.
—I don't know. I don't know.
—Take our room at the hotel. Maddie and I can sleep in the lobby.
Jim checked the reflection in the mirror. Emma's look of relief stared back at him.
—You'll need to stay with him, Emma.
He motioned to the cook sitting beside him in the car. Medic or not, he was better than nothing.
—Maddie can cook. So can I. We'll take over the diner until we aren't needed.
—In that case, Emma, I can use the snowmobile to run back and forth around town to collect everything I'll need if Jim will take me back to it.
It would be faster than using a car. All the town's streets were clogged with snow and impassible.




TWENTY-SIX


SO MUCH FOR the ski lodge vaycay. Even so, this made for a better story to tell once he and Maddie could get themselves out of town. There was no way that was happening with the bank robbers in the room next to Emma and her father.
I skidded the car over the drift impeding access to the hotel parking lot and slid to a stop in front of our room. Maddie and Friday were inside. Friday was almost smiling as Maddie ran the brush across his back. His tail wagged when Jim appeared.
—What's happening? Who's that?
—Emma's father runs the snow clearing equipment. He was on the ground in front of the plow when she found him. He's had a heart attack. I volunteered our room for him since this storm isn't going anywhere and they live too far out of town.
—All right. I'll pack up. Where are we going?
—The lobby for now. It's the only place.
Tears of gratitude streamed down Emma's face.
—You could stay at our place. It's out in the country. Once I get my dad comfortable and settled, I'll go back to the blower and work my way out so you can safely make the drive.
Maddie regarded Emma. She'd seen the huge machine in action, and it didn't look to her like the girl was capable.
—You can drive that thing?
She should have known better.
—Oh yeah. My dad showed me how when I was little. He'd let me sit in his lap and he'd teach me about all the controls. It's no big deal.
Emma fussed over her father as Maddie and Jim finished packing. She covered him in the sleeping bag and all the blankets she could find. The cook was satisfied that Boots' condition was stable, as far as he could tell.
—I need a blood pressure cuff. We have to get the snowmobile back.
Jim and Maddie struggled through the snowdrifts, dragging their bags behind them to the lobby.
—I'm going to take Emma back to the snow blower after she gets her father settled in. Have you ever driven a snowmobile?
They'd need it to get around town to collect first aid gear for Emma's father.
—Uhh—
—Well then, dress your warmest and bring your mitts. I wouldn't want you to freeze that little tush off.
Maddie began pulling on her trendy winter gear.
—And here I thought we'd be at a ski lodge by now. I'd be styling out at the bar and flirting with the hottie ski instructors.
—Yeah like I'd leave you alone long enough for that to happen. Are we bringing Friday?
The animal looked up at Jim with a hang-dog look that said he wanted to stay where it was warm and cozy and dry until his mistress opened her mouth.
—I don't see why not. He's in this with the rest of us.
Friday let out a resigned snuffle and sat by the door to wait.
Jim took his time on the slippery road, not wanting to jeopardize the car by running it into the steep, icy banks. At the turnout it was obvious that a car had been shoveled out of the huge snowbank in front of them. It had to be Fiona and Lucky. They'd passed a car, smashed into a snowbank, close to the turnaround.
Emma gave Maddie a crash course on how to operate the snowmobile. She climbed on behind the woman and guided her in a run up the road and back. Satisfied with Maddie's abilities, Emma climbed the ladder into the snow clearing machine and reversed it.
It was their clue to head for town.
Friday sat up in the back seat to keep an eye on his mistress. She struggled with the snowmobile at first, testing her abilities with the throttle. She slowed in the corners. As she became more familiar, she passed the car. Friday jumped into the front too late to see Maddie disappear around a corner.
—Damn that women driver, Friday. You must be used to it by now.
Friday woofed his disapproval and settled back down in the seat to wait to catch up to his mistress. It didn't take long. I rounded a corner and witnessed the machine laying on its side, still running. Maddie was attempting to wrestle it right-side up. Friday jumped out of the open door behind me and nuzzled Maddie's hand. Together we righted the unfamiliar machine after much huffing and puffing.
—What happened?
Maddie grinned like a banshee.
—I took the corner too fast and couldn't bank it properly. Can we get one of these?
—I don't think it would be the same in Miami, but if you want one to sit on and rev up—
—Nah. It would be too noisy in the office.
Maddie pushed me into the snowbank, jumped on the snowmobile, and roared off into the blizzard.
—Friday, you need to talk to that woman. The sooner, the better.
Friday seemed to know she wouldn't listen. He didn't make a sound.
The snowmobile wasn't at the hotel when I arrived. I worried she wasn't back until I spotted her walking around from the back of the building. The cook had taken the machine to retrieve a blood pressure monitor and aspirin.
—How's he doing?
—He's sleeping. I came to check on you. I'm going back to stay with him. He shouldn't be alone. Come on, Friday, we have work to do.
Friday, ever eager to escape the snow and cold, jumped at the chance and followed his mistress into the room.
The huge snow blower piloted by Emma chose that moment to go by on the highway. A cloud of swirling snow enveloped it, swept up by the whirling blades. The air horn sounded as she slowed and waited. I collected our bags from the lobby and followed Emma at a respectable distance to the turnoff. I parked and waited at the intersection until she finished clearing the road to the house.
—I'd have been back sooner but I put the coffee on for you and Maddie. I really appreciate—
I held up my hand.
—It's the least we could do. It's too far from town for your dad to be out here. We can all take turns in the room. Even Friday will get a shot.
—Aww. He's a real cutie. Say now, whose car was that in the ditch?
I wondered if I should take the time to explain, and then went full steam ahead. When I finished, Emma instructed me to follow her back to the house. It was an easy trip with the snow blower's blades disengaged. I only had to look out the windshield and keep the white and blue strobes in sight.
She climbed down and waved me into the house. Inside, she walked to a gun safe and opened the combination lock before regarding me.
—You qualified?
—I'm a retired cop, now a private detective back in Miami.
—In that case, pick as many as you need. The ammo is there, too. I noticed the holes in that trunk. Couldn't miss them, in fact.
—Yeah, those two are in the room next to us. They've been fighting and arguing over her boyfriend back in Denver and screwing their brains out since they checked in.
Emma grinned.
—Well, as long as they stay happy—
—I don't think it's going to last much longer. I think she's an addict.
—In that case, we'd better hope this storm blows over soon.
—Not soon enough, Emma. Thanks for the protection. I'll leave it behind when we go. And remember, those two are dangerous. Keep a wide berth.
—I've got an excuse to make a run through town now. I'll clear a couple of streets so you all can get back and forth from the hotel to the restaurant a lot easier.
I almost forgot about our promise to cook in the snow-bound restaurant.
—That reminds me. I wonder how Maddie is making out on the cooking detail.
Emma called out as she left.
—All hands on deck.




TWENTY-SEVEN


MADDIE DIDN'T MIND her new cook duties. In fact, she kind of enjoyed it. She got to meet everyone stranded by the weather as well as some of the more eccentric local regulars.
Janine kept the coffee pot full and the orders coming. When Maddie got overwhelmed, or didn't know how to cook something, she told the customer they were out. No one complained when she substituted eggs sunny-side.
Janine slipped her the eye once or twice over a couple of her subs, but all in all, it went pretty good until Jim showed up to take over. It was a good thing, too, because this was all new to her. She was exhausted, more from nervousness and wanting to do a good job than fatigue.
—Emma is going to come by and show you where the turnoff is to her house.
One look told him Maddie wasn't going to last much longer. By the time Emma showed up with the heavy equipment, she was dead on her feet.
—Come on, Maddie. I'll take you home in style.
Emma gestured to the huge machine outside. Maddie looked out the window and back at Jim.
—Holy shit. Is she serious?
—Get it together, girl. I'll keep Friday here with me while you two have all the fun in the blizzard. I already told her about Fiona and Lucky. She'll probably offer you up a little something from the gun safe. Don't refuse it until we can get our asses out of here.
I made sure to let Emma know Maddie was qualified, too.
—Right now, I'm too tired to care. I just want to go to bed and sleep it off.
I put my arms around Maddie and hugged her hard.
—You smell like bacon and eggs.
She was on the verge of tears when the entire diner stood up and applauded. Maddie took a bow and left the diner.


Maddie made her way to the huge yellow snow machine without looking back. She climbed up ahead of Emma as she told her where to grip and where to step.
—Take me home, Clementine. I need rest and recuperation. My feet are killing me.
Emma handed over ear protectors and they were off. It was rough and noisy. When Emma engaged the blower to widen the driveway, the blowing snow engulfed the machine, making visibility almost impossible.
Emma halted the machine at the house. She got out and Maddie followed, making sure to copy Emma's movements as she climbed down. It was warm and cozy inside the house. A fire glowed in a wood stove in the kitchen. A propane stove started right up beneath the coffee pot.
—Jim says those two beside you are criminals of some kind. The gun safe is open. He already filled his pockets. He asked me if it was all right if you did the same.
The women studied each other.
—It's all right. He already told me you were qualified. Close it and lock it when you find what you want.




TWENTY-EIGHT


IT WAS BEGINNING to dawn on me that my plan to bring Maddie along on my ski lodge winter wonderland was fast going down the drain. Getting caught in the blizzard pretty much nailed it. Now, with Boots' heart attack preventing anyone from running the plow, who knew how long it would take to put the place behind?
So much for planning. I waved to an exhausted Janine.
—Who's filling in for you?
She only shook her head and returned with the coffee pot.
—Maybe Maddie and I can help out. What do you say? You want a break to go home and get caught up on your sleep?
I thought Janine might fall to her knees and kiss my hand.
—With you two lovebirds in charge I won't have to worry about payday, will I?
—Nah. All tips are yours. I'll even pass on the bad-mouthing I get from my satisfied customers.
I grinned up at her.
—I was afraid of that. In that case, you've got a deal.
Janine flung her apron over the back of a counter stool, checked in with the cook, and double-timed it for the door. She donned her parka on the way out. She stepped into the snow, halted, and seemed to change her mind. She had left so fast she was forced to return for her winter boots.
—I'll see you sometime tomorrow.
I was good with that. It wasn't difficult to convince Maddie. We'd be slow, of course, but speed wouldn't be a necessity. All our customers were trapped. There was nowhere else to go. I let her work the kitchen, knowing she was more than capable of doing the job to replace the cook and former medic who was now taking care of Emma's father, Boots.
Maddie found a clean apron and went to work. I smacked her behind and she waved a spatula at me.
—Kiss the cook or be gone. I'll not be putting up with your sexual harassment on the job.
A loud voice broke through the chatter and boomed.
—You tell 'em, girl.
Maddie grinned and called out.
—Thank you, good sir.
I blushed and complied. I had no other options. I slunk away to the front of the house. I tried hard not to screw up the orders, but details got the better of me. A forgiving crowd waited patiently to see what they would end up with. Where else could they go?
Already Maddie was helming the kitchen. Plates slammed onto the stainless pass-thru. The new cook was in high gear.
—Order up!
It was like that to the very end of the day, I was ready to die. Okay, so maybe I wouldn't die, but my feet were killing me. My back was complaining. My fingers were stiff. I didn't know a soul I could whine to about it.
Maddie refused to listen. She had her own problems as cook and chief bottle-washer. Emma was out keeping the roads open. Friday was ensconced at Emma's, too content to care about anything other than a snooze in front of a warm fire.
The restaurant door flew open and a familiar voice greeted me, one that Maddie wouldn't be happy to hear. Fortunately she was busy in the kitchen making noises I didn't recognize.
—Jim? What the hell? What are you doing?
—I'm filling in for Janine, the waitress. She needed a break. I told her to come back tomorrow.
Fiona stripped off her parka and grabbed an apron.
—I can help out. Lucky can do the dishes. Hey, Lucky.
She called out to her confused partner in crime.
—I just volunteered you for kitchen lackey.
Lucky, the new kitchen lacky, grumbled and donned a dirty apron before rounding the corner to the kitchen's business end. Maddie was going to be a long way from happy when that one put his face past the door. And so she mumbled and cursed and finally accepted that we were in crisis mode until the blizzard ended and we could get ourselves out.
—Fiona is out front. You didn't tell me that part of it.
Now she was just plain annoyed, judging by the look of incredulity on her face. She was wondering what she'd gotten herself into.
—I couldn't very well tell her no, could I? The cook is out indefinitely while he takes care of Emma's father. I couldn't stand around and let Janine collapse. Fiona caught sight of me and volunteered to help out.
I looked around for her, but she was missing. Maddie caught her coming out of the woman's made up like a dance hall floozie.
—For crying out loud. Look at that woman. She actually thinks she has a chance.
Idiot that I am, I couldn't keep my trap shut.
—Well—
Wrong word. Any word would be wrong. Maddie kicked me in the shin before turning to the grill to strip it of food and load plates.
—Order up. Get your ass in gear, mister. We have blizzard refugees to feed, and the cupboard is getting more bare by the hour.
I made an executive decision. I printed a sigh and hung it on the inside of the door. Customers would see it on their way out.

Diner closed 9 p.m. Open 9 a.m.

It was a long haul for the neophyte staff, but closing time did finally roll around. Sore feet. Stiff fingers. Burns. Cuts. Scrapes. Bandages. Backs and tired muscles ached in places we didn't know existed.
An anxious Maddie bent my ear to complain about her black and blue rear from Lucky's groping hands. I wasn't faring any better. Fiona had rubbed herself against me so many times I felt like a post getting scratched by a cat. I was certain that if the day went on any longer, she'd be starting to purr.
Discretion being the better part of valor, especially where Maddie was concerned, I chose not to reciprocate my own complaints about Fiona.
When the door locked, I settled in for a coffee before helping with the dishes. Fiona rubbed my leg with her foot. I shifted uncomfortably on the counter stool and immediately wished for Maddie to hurry up.
—Who's locking up?
Lucky volunteered, and Fiona nodded her agreement. Maddie got busy counting out the day's receipts before slipping them into her purse. She handed over the keys to Fiona. A surprised look on Lucky's face told his story. It was all about the cash in the purse.
Had they really robbed a bank and gotten away with anything at all? Or were they two greedy people who wanted everything they could get their hands on?
—Come on, Maddie. It's time to go.




TWENTY-NINE


WHILE WE WERE occupied and busy in the diner, Emma must have gone home to make up the bed in the spare room. Thick, downy comforters were piled on top of the bed. Towels and housecoats were laid out, too.
—It's like a hotel.
—Yeah, and she doesn't have time for this if she's clearing the roads and checking in on her father. You need to talk to her, Maddie. We're not guests for her to pamper.
—She's young. She'll get over it. And yes, I'll talk to her. I think she's stubborn, though. Maybe she won't listen.
I gave her a tired grin.
—Well then, stubborn knows stubborn, doesn't it?
I did my duty with Friday, taking him out for a quick run up and down the driveway. It didn't take him long now that he had a nice warm fire to sleep beside. He was out and back in a matter of minutes.
—Friday, you're a lazy lump. While you've been lolly-gagging by the fire, we've been busting our rear ends and our feet.
He didn't care. His head went to the floor and he rolled onto his back like a content puppy in a sunbeam.
—So then, sailor, wanna share the shower?
Maddie's clothes slipped to the floor. Mine ended up in a pile. I followed her into the warm water and let it wash away the smell of French fries and grease. In an hour we were buried beneath the covers and fast asleep. Morning came too early.
—We didn't bring enough clothes for this, Jim. We're going to smell like French fries until we get back to Miami.
A voice called out from the kitchen.
—You're my size, Maddie. And Jim looks to be almost the same as dad. You're welcome to go through the closets to find whatever you think is right.
It was Emma, and she was busy in the kitchen.
—What are you doing? When did you come back? What are you doing here? Shouldn't you be with your dad?
—I was until it was time to do the driveway to get you to the diner. You have to be back to work for nine. I made pancakes and bacon. Shut up, sit down, and eat.
Emma's homemade pancakes were the best. Even Maddie had to give it up for them. The Canadian maple syrup killed it.
—So your dad's doing better?
—He's all right. He's taking aspirin and drinking hot fluids. His blood pressure and pulse are good. It was more likely fatigue and that darned energy drink stuff he drinks to keep awake. He keeps his thermos half-filled with it during storms like this.
—Well, he needs to stop it right now before something serious does happen.
—He thinks I don't now. It's exactly what I've been telling him all winter. All right, peeps. Out to the car.
—Wait a sec. Did Fiona and Lucky show up last night at the hotel? They seemed awful disappointed they didn't get to cash out.
—Yeah, about that.
Maddie gave Emma a questioning look.
—I went through your purse for the cash and locked it away in the gun safe. I hope you don't mind.
—That makes me feel better. I don't trust those two any more than I can make a snow angel.
—Hang around here long enough and I'll show you. Let's go. It's time.
Emma fired up the blower and lowered the blade to begin clearing a path to the highway and into town. Maddie rested her head on my shoulder and we held hands all the way.
The mood lasted until we spotted the lineup waiting to get into the diner. Stiff muscles complained.
—Suck it up, buttercup.
—Right backatcha, bay-bee.




THIRTY


EMMA WAS KEEPING the path to the diner clear. How Maddie and I were going to handle Lucky and Fiona wasn't going to be so straightforward.
—Did Emma open the gun safe for you?
—She did. I picked up a nice little 8-shot revolver. It's only a .22, but it should do the job close-in.
—Those two should have had you on that bank job.
—Yeah, well, you're the one stuck with me now. Love it or leave it.
—I'm going for the first, but don't push it.
We sighed with exhaustion and carried on to our new jobs. I wrestled the car over the low snowbank into the diner's lot. Already people were starting to file in. Fiona must have opened early. I spotted the woman decked out in a short skirt an apron barely made legal.
—What the hell?
—Oh she's gunning for you, detective. Strange that you didn't see her coming.
—Two nights ago I heard her do exactly that. Again and again.
—Now I know why you had such a problem lasting.
She opened the door.
—Maddie—
She held the restaurant door against the wind.
—I'm not complaining. I want you to know that I know. Maybe I can borrow a skirt from Emma's closet.
She stuck out her tongue before heading for the kitchen.
—Are you sure you don't want one from Fiona's closet?
Fiona greeted me like something long lost and only recently found.
—Hi Jim. How are you this morning?
Fiona waved and smiled. Maddie didn't get so much as a glance from the woman. She was too busy pretending to ignore her presence until she couldn't any longer.
—Oh hi, Maddie. You're here, too. You didn't have to come in. I can handle it.
Maddie gave me the look and headed straight for the kitchen. Lucky, already busy burning eggs, greeted her like she was his favorite person.
—Hang it up, Lucky. You can't cook worth shit. Move over and I'll start fresh.
I poked my head around the corner to witness the destruction wreaked by Lucky. Maddie scraped the grill of the burned eggs and home fries, greased it, and started from scratch. Fiona sidled up to me in the doorway. A warm breast caressed my upper arm. I noticed right away that she wasn't wearing a bra. I also noticed her breast was very firm.
—Jim? Could you come into the kitchen for a minute? I need something.
Maddie grabbed me with both hands and pulled me into the cooler.
—If I see that woman rubbing her tits all over you again, I'll stab her in the front. After she falls down, I'll stab you in the back. Understood?
—Hey now, I have no control—
—Once I'm finished stabbing you, I'll drag your warm body into the cooler and let it hang until it's cold. I'll throw the cold body out the back door into the snow. No one will find you until spring. How's that for control?
I looked at her, shocked that she would say such a thing.
—Meanwhile, me and my good dog Friday will be sitting pretty in your Miami office, pretending to wonder what happened to you when Boyle comes by to ask how the vacation went.
—How long did it take you to come up with that?
—Between the time I saw her rub you and when I called out to you. I can take more time and come up with something more imaginative if you like.
I held up my hands and chanced a grin.
—No, I'm good, thanks.
I was certain she was overstating it, but I wasn't about to take any chances.
—It's good to know you and Friday will be coming back to Miami with me when we get out of here.
—So far. But don't push it.
—I'll be over here with my back to you doing the dishes. Let me know if I need to sharpen a knife.
Fiona called through the pass-thru.
—Jim, could you come out here? I need you to do something.
She disappeared and I looked at Maddie. Her lips were moving but I couldn't hear a word she was saying.
—What's that, dear?
—Look, I know we need to be careful. I also know you're not interested in the least. We need to figure out what we're going to do with those two.
Lucky's smiling face presented itself.
—Speak of the devil, the same goes for you.
Maddie rolled her eyes and smiled back at him.
—What can I do for you, Lucky?
She looked at me and smiled sweetly. At least she wasn't throwing daggers at poor Lucky. Yet.
Fiona wanted to adopt me. She smiled and purred and flirted and kept throwing her breasts at me like a porn star in a five-minute video. During my break she brought me coffee and so much pie and ice cream I thought I'd explode.
Saying no didn't occur to me. I thought Maddie would be glad I kept the woman out of the kitchen. It was in that instant when I witnessed Fiona lean over the back counter and stretch on tiptoe to reach for a plate.
I coughed and began to choke on the pie.




THIRTY-ONE


I NEVER THOUGHT of Janine as a savior. As my savior, at least. She glanced and looked away and then, unbelieving, her head snapped back for another look. My own glance resulted in a head-spin so fast I thought I might put my neck out.
Janine. When did she get here? She back-slapped me like she wanted to send me into tomorrow. I did some deep breathing while she quick-stepped to the end of the counter in record time.
Fiona settled back onto her heels. She didn't even try to pull down her skirt. Instead she ended up swinging her bare ass in my direction. If Maddie ever found out, the woman would be dead and I'd be on life support for looking.
—Fiona, dear.
The woman turned to face Janine.
—I don't think your services are needed any longer. I'm back. We've limited the diner hours. Things are back on track. You should go home and put some underwear on before you come back.
Fiona looked from Janine to me and back. The disappointment was so real I almost felt sorry for her.
—Yes. I'm sorry. I was only—
—Of course you were, dear. And Jim is grateful, I'm sure.
My lips moved and Janine held up a hand. I shut my mouth so fast my teeth hurt.
—If his girl finds out what you did, she'll stick a dull knife in your back and twist it until it comes out the front.
Fiona looked skeptical. That didn't halt Janine.
—I don't want anything like that to happen in my diner. I'd have to close it and then no one will have anywhere to come and spread gossip. Understood?
Out of the corner of my eye I caught Maddie coming out of the kitchen. She spotted the threesome gathered at the end of the counter.
—Are you guys having a meeting without me? What's going on?
Janine gave me a look that would have froze a lesser man. Strangely, I found a need to lock my jaw and seal my lips.
—I was catching these two up on the condition of Emma's father. He's a lot better. He might be able to move home.
Maddie changed her look from one of concern to that of gratitude at hearing the news.
—Jim, maybe we should prepare to move out of their house, just in case. What to you think?
—I'm with you. I'll go pack us up and take Friday for a walk while I'm there.
I couldn't say no to that. Any excuse to get my ass out of the diner. Fiona, never one to refuse an opportunity, brazenly asked to come along and see Friday. Janine handled that, too.
—You need to go home and get dressed, dear. It's time. Jim, why don't you take Maddie with you? I'm sure she could use the break.
I sighed with relief and silently thanked Janine for being on the lookout. Janine's smile told me I should worry about her sticking the knife into Fiona. I didn't give it another thought when the door to the diner closed behind me.
Fool that I am, I debated whether I should tell Maddie. Not so big a fool as I first thought, I decided against it for my own well-being.




THIRTY-TWO


I DROVE DOWN a recently cleared driveway to Emma's place in the country. A note taped to the door let us know that her father was much better. He was anxious to get home, and she'd be bringing him from the hotel tonight.
—I don't know, Jim. What do you think?
—There's no way Boots can go back to work. He needs his rest until a proper doctor can look at him. Emma will have to be the one to keep the roads cleared.
It was true. Emma was the only one capable.
—Maybe we can take shifts while she's out clearing the roads. I'm sure that would put her mind at ease.
—Sounds good. We'll move back into our room next door to miss congeniality and her partner.
—Yeah. About that—
I almost bit my tongue off, but I'd be damned if I'd say another word. The incident at the diner had burned itself into my memory.
—You were going to say something?
—Oh, I was just thinking out loud. Is the wind dying, or is it my imagination?
—Why don't we ask Emma? That sounds like her coming up the driveway.
The huge snow clearing machine shuddered to a halt in front of the house. She backed up and turned around, readying for the next run.
—We got the note. If it's all right with you we were thinking we'd travel back and forth to look after your father while you're out clearing the roads.
Emma's look of relief was obvious. We were doing the right thing by making the offer.
—That would be great. The phones are still out. I wouldn't worry so much about my dad if you could do that. He's better, but he's not out of the woods. With you here it would be the next best thing to a hospital. There's no way I can get him close to one.
Huge dark circles surrounded Emma's eyes. She wasn't getting proper food or rest. Her meals at the diner were sporadic as she juggled the road clearing with taking time to check on her father.
—We'll do all we can to set your mind at ease. It's our way of thanking you for your hospitality. We're glad we could get away from that pair in the room beside us.
Maddie looked at Jim.
—On one condition.
Emma held up her hands.
—Don't argue with me, Em.
Maddie didn't know it, but Em was what her mother called her.
—You'll be taking time for rest right here. I'll make your lunches. You can take them with you when you're on road duty, which seems to be 24 hours a day. Are you good with that?
Emma knew better than to argue after witnessing the fierce look on Maddie's face.
—No problem. I'll come see my dad and take it from there.
—Don't worry. Either Jim or I will make sure you're back on the road in a timely manner. Right, Jim?
I didn't take time to dispute anything. I only nodded and added Yes, dear. Emma laughed and said something about me being all trained up.
—Before I forget, I plowed a space for that wrecked car of theirs and pushed it off the highway.
—We think it was involved in a bank robbery in Denver.
—Yeah, that's what I thought, too. There's nothing to do about it now. It'll have to wait until the interstate opens.
So we were in agreement about that, too.
—The wind seems to be dying. What do you think, Emma?
—It is. It's either the calm before another storm, or we're done with this one. Another half day and we'll know for sure.
—All right. Do we need to do anything to get your dad's room ready before we move him? 
—I changed the sheets and did laundry. He should be happy with that.
—When did you get time to do that? Emma, I'm telling you, you're going to have to slow down or you'll collapse from exhaustion.
Emma didn't say anything. Perhaps she knew Maddie wouldn't stand for any guff after the earlier outburst.
—Maybe Friday could stay with him, too. Boots might feel better having a friendly dog around that needs scratching from time to time.
Emma appeared to relax.
—Well, he talked about getting a dog last summer. Thank you, Maddie. I appreciate it. It's a load off my mind.




THIRTY-THREE


BOOTS SHIFTED HIS mood into high spirits when he learned he was well enough to go home. We helped him into the back seat. He let it be known he was eager to get back on familiar ground. Friday jumped in beside him and the pair behaved like a couple of long lost friends.
—I don't think Friday has ever been so spoiled with affection thanks to you, Boots. He's going to have to go on a petting and scratching diet.
—Oh come on, he's a good old dog, even if he isn't old. I enjoy the attention too, you know.
Like we hadn't noticed. Boots was happy to be home. He looked around and checked the locked gun safe. We helped him upstairs and gave him his privacy to undress and get into bed. Friday bounded up the stairs and took over the bedside rug as his own. He was only an arm's length stretch for Boots to reach and scratch.
—I'll take Friday for his walk and bring him back. Maddie has questions about the storm.
I returned with the dog to find Maddie's eyes drooping. Boots was reveling in demonstrating his knowledge of the worst storms that swept the valley in the recent past. His short answer was exactly what Emma told us in so many words. It looked good but we'd have to wait and see.
The wind had died considerably but it was still subject to fits of blowing wildly. More important, the snowfall had diminished and halted. Blowing and drifting snow became the problem.
Perhaps it was beginning to look like the cavalry might be on its way sooner rather than later. If the cell towers would only activate it would go a long way to get help.
—Did Janine mention anything about the people breaking into empty homes?
Maddie snapped to attention and opened her eyes. Boot's ears perked up at the mention of the woman's name. Even Friday sat up and gave Boots a look followed by a quiet woof.
—Someone is taking prescription drugs and leaving everything else.
—That makes sense. Fiona and Lucky wouldn't be about collecting televisions and stereos. They don't have anywhere to put them.
Boots interrupted.
—Who's Fiona? And Lucky.
I didn't want to worry the man.
—They're a couple who checked into the room next to ours.
—Oh. Those two. Yeah, I had to listen to their shenanigans for most of last night. It's one of the reasons I'm glad to be home.
—We think they're responsible for the break-ins around town. The woman was behaving suspiciously like someone in withdrawal until that started.
—You're jumping to conclusions, detective.
—Yes, detective. And why would someone be collecting prescription drugs? It's not like Fiona needs cough medicine.
—She needs underwear, but who's looking?
Oh, shit.
—You were, obviously.
Hope, like the wind, flew out the window. Maddie had found out I had witnessed Fiona's indiscretion behind the counter.
—Until Janine saved your bacon. How does mine compare?
—You're actually asking me how your underwear compares to hers? Well—
I hesitated for only a split second, but it was just long enough.
—You know I have a gun now, right? And I wasn't talking about underwear, sailor.
Peels of laughter interrupted our back and forth as Boots held up his hands in surrender.
—All right, you two. I think it's time Friday and I had a little snooze.
—That sounds good to me, Boots. Come here, my little pussycat, and I'll disarm you.
Maddie blushed and swept out of the room.
—We'll be downstairs. Maddie already checked out your fridge. Emma must have prepared for the storm. I don't know what she'll come up with, but she's a pretty good cook.
—I owe you two. I won't forget.
-Oh, and before I forget, Janine has been asking about you. I told her to come over any time she wanted to check in person.
It was Boot's turn to blush.
—Thanks, Jim. I really appreciate it. I never told Emma—
The man needed to know.
—Emma is good with it too. Now get some rest.


Tires crunched on frozen snow as a car pulled into the spot beside us in front of the diner. There was no need to look out the window. Fiona and Lucky's voices were carrying through the diner's frosted window, deep in disagreement. The entire restaurant was about to find out what about as the door slammed shut. Realizing where they were, they quit talking and stamped the snow off their feet before looking around.
—She's checking out the sign, Jim.
The handwritten sign announced the scarcity of food. Everyone was limited to one egg and one slice of toast. It could have been worse until some of the locals started bringing in their surplus food.
Plenty of gossip circulated to make up for the food shortfall. The latest concerned a body. Janine brought our plates and hovered nervously before telling us what she knew.
—Fiona was the one who told me. I didn't believe her at first.
Maddie and I looked at each other. Fiona was ballsy if nothing else.
—Did she say who it was?
—No. She said the body didn't have I.D. Apparently he was shot.
—Where's the body now?
—It's at the highways compound. Emma says whoever found it put it in an unheated shed until the police can get to it.
Janine finished pouring our coffee before leaving to wait on another table.
—Boots found one car. Ignition on. Car running and lights flashing. It has to be the one Fiona and Lucky are waiting for. Except, we can presume the driver is dead.
—Who else could it be, Jim? Emma has seen the body, according to Janine.
—It has to be whoever was driving the car.
—And don't forget those two are in a different car now. When did that happen?
—Exactly. They're the ones dug it out of the snowbank. They need it to replace theirs. The body has to belong to the person bringing them the car.
—We need to warn Emma. She doesn't need to be messing with those two at the compound if they turn up again.
Janine returned, this time hoping for an update on Boots' condition. It was obvious she cared about the man and was concerned for his well-being. I checked my phone to allow Maddie to make the invitation we talked about earlier.
—He's doing good. He's up and talking and walking slowly. It looks to me like he's going to have a full recovery.
Janine looked relieved.
—Thanks, Maddie. Tell him I said hi, okay? I've been thinking about him.
—He knows. He was asking about you, too. I think you should go visit him.
Maddie couldn't make it more obvious. While Janine circulated among the tables, we paid and departed for Emma's to check on her father.
Boots' recovery was going well. Faithful dog Friday was babysitting the man like a pro, snorting back and forth between his mistress and Boots. His tail flailed non-stop before leading Maddie to the door.
Friday was ready for his walk.




THIRTY-FOUR


FRIDAY TOOK TO Emma's dad almost as much as Boots had taken to the dog. It was comical watching Friday plop down at the man's feet, and then sit up and nuzzle him until Boots scratched or rubbed or otherwise paid attention to the dog's antics.
—Your dad is going to want to get a dog, Emma. You'd better be prepared.
—I haven't told him yet, but in the summer I'm off to Denver for EMT training. You might be right about getting him a companion.
—The way Janine has been asking about him, I wouldn't worry about that. You should think about asking your dad if he'd like her to visit.
—Maybe you could do that? I don't want him to think—
—To think what? That you know? He'd probably be glad to know that you don't mind. You don't mind, right?
—Of course not. It would take some of the worrying away.
—Janine gave us the third degree at the diner. It wouldn't surprise me if something is going on with those two.
Satisfied she had that settled, Maddie changed the subject.
—About that body someone has in storage. What do you know about it?
Emma surrounded her coffee cup with both hands.
—Someone told me two people stranded by the blizzard brought it out. I thought it might be you and Jim.
That wasn't something either of us was expecting.
—No, it wasn't us.
I urged her to go on.
—Could it have been Lucky and Fiona?
That had to be where the new car came from that was parked beside ours this morning. Obviously they needed a replacement for the the bullet holes in their shot-up car. They'd use it to get out of town once the roads were clear.
—Those two were supposed to be meeting up with someone. That someone had to have become stranded in the blizzard like the rest of us. Obviously he didn't make the town before the road closed with the snow. You don't suppose it was that car, do you?
—Let's go ask dad. He was the one trying to dig it out.
—One more thing, Emma.
She looked at Maddie.
—It's about Fiona and Lucky. You want to stay far away from them if they show up at the compound. There's no telling what they're capable of.


Maddie was reluctant to involve Boots in the growing problem with Fiona and Lucky. She wanted him to concentrate on resting and getting better before more stress was sent his way.
—What do you think, Emma? Should we talk to your dad?
Emma didn't hesitate.
—I think we all should. We need to find out as much as we can about those two. I think they could be dangerous.
Emma was right about the dangerous. The bullet holes in the car proved that without a doubt. Her father didn't need to know that, though.
—We'll keep the bullet holes in the car out of it, okay?
Emma was quick to agree.




THIRTY-FIVE


MADDIE APPROACHED BOOTS on the sofa in front of the fire. His breathing was even. Sleeping, perhaps. Reluctant to disturb him, she went ahead anyway.
—You're deep in thought. Everything all right?
Boots opened his eyes and looked at Maddie before nodding.
—As well as can be expected. 
She sat down, clearly pleased he was wanting to talk.
—I don't think I had a heart attack. I think it was stress and the darned energy drinks I've been pouring into my coffee.
She remembered Janine telling her that his thermos hadn't smelled of alcohol, but only reeked of energy drink leftovers.
—That's what we all think too, but we don't want you going back to work. Not until you get checked out by a doctor. Friday doesn't want you working either.
She smiled at Boots beside her on the sofa.
—That dog is something else. You and Jim will have to start petting him more after you all leave. I'm spoiling him, and he loves it.
—He's taken to you, too. Speaking of which, I talked to Janine this morning. She's worried. I suggested that she come out to see your progress for herself.
She waited, unsure of how Boots would react.
—I'm glad you did that, Maddie. I've missed seeing her, too. She's welcome any time. I wanted to tell Emma, but she's been busy clearing the roads, and—
So the two of them were a thing. How did they manage it in a small town where everyone knows everybody's business? Boots went on.
—I think everyone knew but Emma.
—Boots, Emma knows too. She just didn't want you to know.
With that out of the way, Maddie went on.
—I need to ask some questions about the car you found.
He nodded.
—Tell me how you found it.
Boots thought for a moment before answering.
—As best I can recall. I thought I saw a blinking light through the blowing snow. I stopped the blower and turned off the headlights to see better before getting out.
He shook his head.
—That's not a thing we're supposed to do with the plow. I was invisible in the snow. But I needed a better look. And it turned out to be a blinking light.
Maddie nodded.
—It was a car, obviously.
He went on.
—Yup. So I walked back and turned the headlights on. I didn't want to endanger anyone if they were on the road. I got the shovel and started digging. The car was running. I freed up a door, but it was locked. Maybe there was someone inside. Maybe not.
He took a breath.
—I tried to look. I wiped at the window. It was fogged on the inside. That's when I started swinging the shovel. I wanted to break a window. That's about when I collapsed, too. I don't know anything after that.
Maddie was convinced Boots hadn't seen anyone in the car. She was back at square one, as in, maybe there was someone in the car, alive. Why else would the flashers be on? Why would the windows be fogged on the inside. If whoever in it was dead, they could have died from carbon monoxide poisoning.
Except for the bullet hole Emma mentioned. She wasn't going to tell Boots anything about that.
—All right. Now it's time for rest. Upstairs, both of you.
Friday woofed his approval and followed Maddie and Boots up the stairs.


Maddie joined Jim in the kitchen. She went for the coffee pot before filling the cups.
—Were you able to learn anything new?
Maddie's look wasn't encouraging.
—Boots doesn't know anything. He collapsed before he could get the car door open. There might have been someone in the back seat, but the windows were fogged on the inside. He couldn't be sure.
—Then we should head over to the highways compound and see what's in that shed. Whoever put the body there might have missed something.
—Emma said it could have been locals concerned about the body thawing out. They probably wouldn't have bothered going through his pockets at this stage.
—Then let's go take a look. We're detectives, aren't we?
—Judging by the way you've been detecting Fiona—
It was a struggle to keep from grinning.
—Now look. I have no control over what she does. Just because—
Maddie held up her hands to make her point.
—Just because she goes commando doesn't mean you have to look.
—That woman caught me completely off guard, and you know it.
—Maybe, but I'm sure enjoying this.
Jim shook his head in disbelief. He finally got it.
—Women.
—You know it, buster. Now let's get going. Don't forget we have to stop at the diner and invite Janine over to see Boots.
—You think he'll be good with that?
—Oh yeah, I have a feeling he'd like something warm and fuzzy besides Friday. Emma's good with it, too. She knows they're a thing.
Janine blushed pink when Maddie dropped it on her, but she could tell the woman was relieved to finally get the invitation. The two women hugged before we headed out the door to leave the welcome warmth of the diner.
—See? Told ya. Up to now she hid it well, though, didn't she?




THIRTY-SIX


EMMA RECOGNIZED THE car slowing to turn into the highways compound ahead of her. She flashed the lights on the giant piece of road-clearing equipment. The small car returned the signal and she followed it into the lot. She made for the gas pumps and shut down.
She climbed down and greeted Jim and Maddie before leading them to the storage shed. Clouds of frosty breath were blown away by the wind as they made their way to the building. Emma opened the door and flipped on the overhead lights.
The body lay stretched out on its back on an empty work bench against a wall. The man was in his twenties. Clean cut. Short hair. No beard. Blood had soaked into the clothing around a hole in his chest. 
Jim worked at the frozen material to get a better look, trying to disturb as little as possible.
—It could be a .38. The lab will be able to tell.
He searched through the pockets. There was nothing. They'd been stripped of wallet and cash. Even loose change was gone.
—Maddie. Look here.
White powder residue was scattered on the bench. Whoever dropped the body had done a couple of lines before leaving the shed. Probably not locals, given the state of the small town in its snow-bound isolation.
—Fiona and Lucky. So it wasn't only a car they were getting.
It wasn't a question.
—She's been remarkably subdued recently. She must have got her fix in. Let's get out of here.
Emma locked the door behind Jim and Maddie.
—Maybe now she'll keep her underwear on.
Startled, Emma turned and regarded Maddie.
—Say what?
Maddie grinned like she'd scored. Jim turned beet-red and threw her into a snowbank. She pulled him down and the pair wrestled harmlessly with too many clothes and too much snow.
—All right, you two. Get a room at least. I'm going back to work. And if you both know what's good for you, you're going to tell me about that underwear remark before I open the roads for you to make good on your escape.
Maddie changed the subject.
—I told Janine your dad was hoping she'd come out to visit. I hope I didn't overstep.
In the compound's dim overhead lights, Emma appeared relieved.
—Of course not. It's about time. She's so worried about him I'm surprised she doesn't run us over to get there. She probably doesn't want to start any small town rumors, I guess.
—It's been my experience that small towns are already spreading rumors, whether those mentioned like it or not. How's this blizzard looking?
A pleased expression passed over Emma's face.
—It's dissipating. We should be good by tomorrow. Maybe the interstate will be open by then, too.
Emma left the duo to climb up on the blower. She started the plow with a roar and headed off. Maddie and Jim drove to the warmth of the diner where breakfast consisted of a single egg and toast.
—Looks like Janine has the day off. I wonder what she's doing with her free time?
Maddie looked at Jim like he was nuts.
—Seriously? She was worried sick about Boots. I told her he wanted to see her, and now you're wondering where she is? You don't know much about women, do you?
Maddie was right about that. Considering how he felt about her, he wanted to be able to show her. His impromptu invitation to the ski lodge was supposed to help him do that. Instead, they had been turned into blizzard refugees.




THIRTY-SEVEN


FIONA HAD A SUSPICION that the storm trapping everyone was beginning to dissipate. While she couldn't know for certain, the wind was down. Visibility looked to be getting better. Most of the snow was about the wind picking up what was already on the ground. Fresh-falling, it definitely wasn't.
Her concern was the roads. When would they open? When would the gate be open to the interstate? When would the giant machines clear the interstate and the back end of the highway they were on? That had to be the priority since the snow had stopped.
—Lucky, we need to get ready. We have to pack.
—Pack what? I have what I'm wearing. It doesn't look to me like you have much to pack either. Considering you stopped wearing underwear when you got a hard-on for your diner darling, I'm thinking you'll be wearing next to nothing by the time we leave this burg.
—In that case, shut up and come to bed. We can't get out of here yet. If you count your cards right, you could end up with me on a full-time basis.
Lucky didn't look all that convinced. And he was right not to be. She'd lose the whining asshole the first chance she got. Maybe she'd send him packing with a swift kick to his ass out the door into a snowdrift. If they ever got out of this dump and back on the road, that is.
Fiona's eyelids closed to slits as she regarded Lucky with a critical eye. He was tall and skinny. A wrinkled shirt didn't help his image. Torn jeans trying to make him look stylish. Not succeeding.
He'd be okay for now. She'd replace him with someone more dependable when she got to civilization. Her actual boyfriend maybe, once he got out of the hospital. Lucky hadn't pulled the trigger during the robbery. It was part of the reason they were in the predicament they found themselves in, stranded in a hick town in the middle of nowhere. In a raging blizzard with no escape.
Lucky's friend, the one that promised a car to replace the one shot up during the robbery, had become stranded in a snowbank. That he'd been partially dug out and eventually recognized by them when their own car got stranded, was a miracle. Too close for comfort, and saddled with Lucky's stupidity, she shot the man. One stupid man was enough. Together, they dumped the body in a shed.
And kept the car.
Fiona had no problem with that. It was the car Lucky had been promised, after all. That the man was icing up like a side of beef in cold storage wasn't her problem. He'd keep. Dead or alive. She had gone through the man's pockets and discovered a little blow, so it wasn't all bad, but that was running low.
She managed to supplant her need for drugs by scoping out a few of the houses in town. She'd done her break-ins in the dark, when no lights meant the inhabitants were most likely out of town, trapped somewhere else by the storm.
She only took the prescription drugs. The fool Lucky wanted to load up with televisions and anything else he could carry. Even when she tirelessly explained that they didn't have room or a place for them, he seemed disappointed.
Stupid SOB that he was, he didn't get it. For sure she'd dump him at the first opportunity. All he was doing was dragging her down. Were it not for him, she'd have made it past the road closures. The bright lights of Vegas would be blinking for her.
Yeah, she'd get rid of him, all right. She reached for the handgun in her pocket as if to reassure herself she had the means to do it. If only her boyfriend hadn't ended up getting shot up during the robbery. They could have dumped Lucky and carried on like he'd never been part of their scheme.
It surprised her how easily she fell into bed with Lucky. He wasn't the least bit attractive to her, yet she let him into her bed. He proved to be a good lover, better than she thought he might be. Her loud cries of passion had to have carried over to the room next door and the hottie carting around the black lab and the woman.
She allowed Lucky to crawl over her. Her fantasy about her neighbor brought her off, loud and hard and noisy. She hoped the man next door could hear her efforts on his behalf. She let Lucky finish and pushed him off with a vengeance.
—We should check the gas in the car. I don't want to get stuck on our way out of here.
Lucky shrugged.
—It'll be fine. We can get it down the road when we get away. What I want to know is where they're keeping the cash from the diner.
Fiona had been thinking about that, too. It had to be a substantial amount of money, given the repeats that were cycling through the place in the last few days.
—Well, it isn't on Maddie's ass, that's for sure. The way you've been grabbing for it should have told you by now. Haven't you noticed? She doesn't want anything to do with the likes of you.
—Yeah, and neither did you until you got naked and fell on your back after you jumped into the shower with me. Give it a rest, queenie. You're not the only game in town any more.
There was no doubt. Lucky had to go. The sooner, the better. How, and how soon became the question.




THIRTY-EIGHT


FIONA'S HARD-ON FOR the diner cash was only barely exceeded by her more recent desire for Lucky. Even as they filled in part-time in the restaurant, they had no idea where it was being secreted away. The till was emptied three or four times a day. What Janine and Maddie did with the cash was the mystery. She never saw them stash it. And it never accumulated overnight.
She knew, because she checked the till when she came in first thing in the morning.
She kept a careful eye on Janine, now that she had returned from her time off. It took more than a few hours, but she finally had it figured. Near closing time, Janine carefully counted out the cash. Once satisfied, she wrapped it in an elastic and stuffed it into her purse beneath the counter.
It had to be where the receipts for the day were kept, too.
Ten minutes before closing time she herded Lucky out of the diner and dumped him at the motel. She remained in the car.
—Aren't you coming in?
—I forgot my purse. I'll be right back.
Fiona left the motel and parked with a clear view of the diner through the huge front window. She was in time to witness Janine lock up. She followed the woman as she turned east on the highway and passed through town towards the interstate.
Fiona wondered what kind of a trailer the woman lived in. She never talked about a husband or a boyfriend. Or anything, for that matter.
Janine turned left onto a side road. Fiona slowed and stopped. Waited for the lights to disappear before following. Turned out her own lights. Towering snowbanks provided just enough room to keep the car on the road in the dark.
She jumped for joy when she realized a full moon was providing the light from a clear night sky. She grinned when she realized the roads would be open by tomorrow. She'd be able to get out of this dump. Encouraged, she slowed the car until the house at the end of the road came into view.
Every light in the place was on. Janine's car was parked. There was another car, too. It looked like Jim's. Then she saw him come out of the house with the dog. Walk time, obviously. She backed all the way down the driveway to the highway and headed to the motel. An impatient Lucky greeted her.
—Where the hell have you been?
Fiona's enthusiasm knew no bounds now that she knew the roads would soon open.
—Did you see the sky? It's clear. The moon is out. We'll be able to get out of here tomorrow.
—About time, bitch. I'm fed up with this dead-end dump. I can't wait to get to Vegas.
Fiona scowled at the man. Their original plan was to head for Vegas to relax and reap the rewards of the bank job. Maybe see some shows. Do a little gambling. Now she wasn't so sure. She missed her boyfriend. She was beginning to feel guilty about sleeping with Lucky. If her boyfriend ever found out—
She shook her head. No way was that going to happen. Fiona reached in her purse for the handgun.
—Lucky. I have something for you.
—I have something for you, too.
He unfastened his belt and pushed his pants down. He struggled to turn, a wide grin plastered across his face. His eyes flicked from Fiona's unwavering hand to the scowl on her face.
—What are you doing?
In that instant Lucky realized he was about to be shot.
—Fiona! No!
Fiona's finger tightened on the trigger and the gun exploded in the small room. He exhaled noisily and collapsed on the floor. Arms and legs flailed. The hole in his chest filled with blood and soaked through his shirt. His heart ceased pumping seconds later.
Fiona's grip relaxed. The gun slipped from her hand and fell silently onto the carpeted floor. As though a switch flipped inside her, she began going through the room, opening drawers, checking the closet. She made sure anything she found ended up loaded into a plastic bag.
The final task awaited.
She struggled to straighten a limp Lucky. He seemed a lot heavier than when he was on top of her in bed. She got his arms and legs organized. Struggled to drag the inert body across the carpeted floor. Eventually managed to get him close to the night table by redoubling her efforts.
It was impossible. Sweating through the effort, she was unable to roll Lucky under the bed. She put her back to the wall and used her legs to force it across the threadbare carpet. She was exhausted by the time she finished. She pulled herself up using the night table for support and looked around, admiring her handiwork.
No one would notice.
She'd read about bodies discovered beneath motel beds only after the smell got so bad no one could ignore it. She hoped that's what would happen with Lucky. She'd be long gone by then. All she had left to do was get her boyfriend out of the hospital back in Denver and they'd be home free.
Shit. Maddie. Was she in the room next door? She had to have heard the gunshot. Shit. No. She remembered their car out in the country. She put on her parka and picked up the gun, placing it in a pocket. She banged hard on the door. Nothing. She twisted the handle.
The room was empty but for their bags. She rummaged through them and came up with nothing interesting. A few business cards. She pocketed one to look at later.
Fiona returned to her room and scanned it for giveaways. She picked up the garbage bag containing the few things belonging to Lucky. Her own grocery bag of luggage ended up in the truck with Lucky's. She opened the door and checked the room one last time. No blood on the carpet. That was good. She'd get away clean.
She was ahead of the game. Lucky was done with. All she needed before leaving town was the diner cash. She'd wait until morning, unless the road ended up getting cleared before then.
Fiona stretched out on the bed and closed her eyes. That Lucky lay dead beneath her didn't bother her in the slightest.




THIRTY-NINE


EMMA TUCKED THE cell phone back in her pocket. The towers were working, and the message on her father's phone was clear. Get the road open to the interstate by meeting up with the plow coming the other way. She finished clearing the north-east end, hit the turnaround, and headed through town to the highways compound.
She completed refueling and opened the huge door on the maintenance building. She backed the machine in and shut down. She took her time checking fluid levels and greasing fittings. She carefully eyeballed everything her meticulous father had taught her on the ancient machine.
With her checks completed, she ate and took a bathroom break. She'd be glad when this storm was history. She was looking forward to a couple of days to herself so she could unwind and take care of her father, even though she knew Jim and Maddie were doing a good job. She was grateful for the meals they duo made for her as well. And they forced her to take breaks, which was why she was taking her break in the compound on the cot in the office.
The day had been a long one. Conditions required her to work all night. She was still worried about her dad. He had some kind of a reaction to those damned energy drinks he mixed with his coffee. Even so, she was grateful it wasn't a heart attack. She was thankful he hadn't returned to the bottle. She thought that initially, especially after what Janine had told her in the diner.
She was grateful for the people she met during the blizzard. Jim and Maddie had been a godsend when her father needed care. Even their dog came through. Her father had finally admitted a thing for Janine, and now she was thankful to have confirmed that he had someone in his life besides her.
Content, she lay on her back in the dark, covered her eyes with a forearm, and managed to convince herself she'd soon be back at work.




FORTY


FIONA PULLED UP to the front of the stone house and parked. Waited for a bit before checking the handgun tucked into the front pocket of her parka. It was cool to her touch, yet immensely satisfying knowing it was there. Knowing she had used it to rid herself of guilt over sleeping with Lucky.
Screw Lucky. It was too late for him. It wasn't too late for her. She opened the car door. The interior light came on and the chime sounded. She pulled the key out of the ignition and pocketed it. Better safe than sorry if she had to leave in a hurry.
She wished she'd thought to turn the car around. She went to replace the key in the ignition, then thought better of it. Someone might hear the car start. She didn't want that. She didn't want the people in the house to know there was someone outside.
The night air was cold and crisp. With every exhale, her warm breath condensed in a cold fog. A cold white moon hovered over the horizon, illuminating cold white snow. She shivered and involuntarily shrugged her shoulders beneath the open parka.
It had to be now or never. Fiona wrestled the gun out of the parka's pocket. It slipped from her hand and landed in the snow. She bent and fumbled to pick it up. Closed her hand on cold steel.
She braced for what was coming. Reviewed the plan on her walk to the door, such as it was. Find out where the cash was stashed. Take a hostage if she had to. It would probably be Janine, since she was the one who ran the diner. She'd know where to find all the cash.
Fiona inhaled long and deep. Exhaled a thick fog of breath. Almost coughed before knocking too softly on the door. The weight of the handgun dragged her arm down to her side. No one would notice it there, concealed as it would be by the thick parka. She knocked on the door with the muzzle.
Maddie opened it. Fiona raised the gun and pointed it at the woman, chest high. She wasn't prepared for this woman to be here, too. But where else would she be? She wasn't in the motel room?
—Back up, bitch.
A dog growled. She forgot about the damned dog. The handgun wavered in Fiona's grip. Her eyes nervously roamed the huge room but couldn't find it. Fiona blinked in the warm air and shook her head. Maddie's lips moved.
—Friday. Stay.
Friday's training took over. He obeyed immediately. Crouched on all fours on full alert. Every muscle tensed. The dog's eyes didn't leave the strange woman standing in the door.
Maddie backed up to the middle of the room to be with the others. She kept her eyes on the handgun and called out to Jim. She knew better than to try anything. No way would she risk her dog by ordering him to attack. He was too far away to chance it, fast as she knew him to be.
—Jim. It's someone for you.
Maddie kept her eyes locked on the woman. She moved to keep Janine and Boots company while Jim made his way to the door.
—Who is it.
He spotted Fiona.
—Thanks. I think. What do you want, Fiona?
He backed to Maddie's side. Maddie held up her hand to Friday. He stayed where he was, out of the woman's line of sight. The woman would have to turn away from the people grouped in the middle of the room to glimpse the dog.
—The money from the diner. Where is it?




FORTY-ONE


I APPROACHED FIONA slowly, wanting to keep between the woman and the others in the room. My eyes never wavered from the pistol until I was close enough to see into Fiona's dilated, bloodshot eyes.
—You've got the cash from the Denver bank job. Isn't that enough?
—How do you know—
She pulled the card out of a pocket. Flicked her eyes to her hand and back up.
—A detective. Very good. Now where's the money?
—It's not here.
—Yes it is. I saw Janine put it in her purse. It has to be here with the rest of it. I followed her from the diner.
Fiona's eyes wandered over the room. Recognized the gun safe. They widened when she realized where the money was going. The handgun dropped to her side. Realizing what she had done she brought it back up in a rush.
—Who's got the combination? Whose house is this? Janine? Open the safe.
She walked up to the woman. Grabbed her arm roughly. Shoved her towards the safe in the corner.
—She doesn't know it. It's my safe.
She pushed Janine out of the way and looked at the man sitting on the sofa.
—Who the hell are you
—You're in my house.
—Well then, open the safe. Now. The roads will be clear soon and I need to get out of here.
Sweat ran down into Fiona's eyes. She shook her head in a vain attempt to clear them. Raised a shaking hand and rubbed at bloodshot eyes. Perspiration drained from her face to soak the front of her blouse. The woman was suffering from withdrawal. All she needed to become a powder keg was a flame to ignite it.
I didn't have options. I had to get her out of the house. But how? Where could she possibly go? She'd still be trapped like the rest of us, except she'd have the diner cash and would be desperate to escape. Just how desperate would the woman be?
Could I be responsible for a woman freezing to death in the cold just outside the door?
—Where are you going to go, Fiona? There's only two ways out. East, and west. The west end of the local highway won't be open for hours. Your only option is the interstate. It'll be crawling with cops patrolling it for stranded cars after the blizzard.
—I'll take my chances. Now open the damned safe.
Fiona shoved her gun into Janine's stomach and then thought better of it. She changed her mind. Her shaking hand moved to aim at Maddie.
—How do you like it, bitch? It's not looking so good now, is it?
Boots stood up to move to the safe.
—I'll open it.
Fiona smacked Boots on the side of the head to hurry him up. Blood streamed down his face. He grabbed the cash bag and walked with it towards the door with Fiona.
—That's far enough. I don't need your help.
She slung the bag over her shoulder, turned, and motioned with the muzzle of the handgun.
—So long, suckers. Thanks for the free room and board.
Fiona backed to the door. Opened it with her free hand. The last thing to disappear through it was the hand holding the gun.
—Friday. Now.
The dog unleashed every muscle he had been holding in check, waiting for just such a command from his mistress. He connected and landed hard on the floor. His mouth slammed shut on the woman's wrist, dragging her gun hand down. The firearm discharged in the small room, surprising Friday. He released Fiona's wrist and the woman landed partway through the door. The dog growled and made to grab her again.
Fiona desperately tried to hang onto the gun. She backed out the door, raised her bleeding hand, and aimed for the dog.
Friday jumped. Landed hard on top of her. She lost her balance. Her head banged hard against the door frame. The handgun went off a second time and she turned to escape, running for the car.
The dog made to go after her.
—Friday. Stay.
He slowed but he didn't stop. Maddie gave the command a second time, louder and more insistent.
—Stay. Come to me.
No way was she going to allow the dog to chase after the woman in the dark. It wasn't his job. Already Jim was halfway to the door.
—Jim. No, dammit. It's not up to you, either. Get your ass back here. Now that we know she's out there, we can keep her from getting in.
—I'm not as well-trained as Friday, but I don't think she'll be coming back soon.
—Well then, that's a plus, isn't it? We'll just make the tail end of our ski lodge vaycay, won't we?
Jim closed and locked the door before turning to Maddie.
—Where did Lucky get to?
Maddie got off an evil eye in Jim's direction before her eyes rolled shut. She collapsed and thumped onto the floor.




FORTY-TWO


JIM RUSHED TO pick Maddie up and carry her to the sofa.
—Shit. Maddie? What the hell?
There was no blood he could see. He ran his fingers though her hair to no avail.
—Janine? Take a look. I can't find anything.
Maddie came to and turned her head to look up at three people hovering over her.
—What did I do now?
—You passed out. What happened?
His fingers came away wet. There it was. Blood. He gathered her hair and pulled it aside.
—Ouch! What are you doing?
—You've been hit. Boots. Do you have any bandages?
It wasn't a deep cut. The bullet had only grazed her. The slight bleeding had stopped, which meant that the wound was superficial. Still, he was concerned. A wound was a wound.
Janine brought a damp cloth and cleaned the cut on Maddie's head. She sat up, confused.
—I've been hit? I didn't feel a thing until I woke up on the couch.
—You're so lucky I could kiss you. In fact, I'm going to do it anyway.
—Aw, shucks. That's my detective. Where's Friday? Is he all right?
—He's fine. He's right beside you. Are you sure you're okay?
Maddie looked at Janine and grinned.
—I guess that means we'll have to stay in the room once we get to the lodge. I wouldn't want to do any more damage.
Janine grinned back.
—She'll be fine, Jim. The sooner you two get out of here—
—You have no idea. Even Friday can't hold that woman back when he's dedicated himself to applying for a job on her behalf. Right, Friday?
The dog's ears perked up at the mention of his name.
—You leave Friday out of it. It's not his fault I was napping in my car. It was a long drive to get to where I needed to be.
—Yeah, and a couple of more blocks and it couldn't have been more obvious, woman. You're way too easy.
Janine held up her hands, smiling.
—All right, you two. Get a room. Again.
Jim's eyes traveled from Janine to Maddie.
—Where have we heard that before?




FORTY-THREE


FIONA RAN DOWN the steps to the car. She fumbled with her good hand getting the door open. The key slipped out of her fingers and fell to the floor. She searched desperately. Found it. Forced it into the ignition with bloody, shaking hand.
She wrestled one-handed with the steering wheel. Jammed the car into gear. Cursed herself out for not turning the car around before entering the house. The car slammed against the frozen snowbank. The lights flicked on and she drove the rest of the way to the main road with tires spinning and engine screaming as the car bounced off the narrow driveway's high banks.
She turned at the end of the road and accelerated on the icy driveway. Laughed at her good fortune. How easy it had been. She was on the home stretch now. Soon to be living it up in sunshine and blue sky. Half a day. Maybe a day, tops. Even California wasn't out of the question.
Fiona glued her eyes to the mirror. Lost control of the car again. No lights reflected back. She halted at the end of the long driveway. Should she go back to town? Make for the interstate? Then she remembered Lucky and swiped at the drug-induced perspiration streaming down her face.
She tromped on the accelerator and skidded from side to side on the empty road. The need for drugs dimmed her reflexes. The headlights illuminated a huge cloud of snow churning in front of her.
What the hell? The snow had stopped. The moon was out. She'd seen it. Her grip tightened and she leaned over the steering wheel, craning her neck to look up. The moon was still there, although it was barely visible through a cloud of some kind. Her headlights shone through whatever was in front of her and then the car began to rock. A deep rumbling sound accompanied the snow cloud.
Snow began tumbling onto the roadway in front of the car. It filled the roadway with more and more as it poured into the ravine created by the many passes of a snow blower. The ravine filled. The car rocked and finally halted, mired in the snow engulfing it.
Fiona turned out the lights and turned off the engine. She took deep breaths to still the shaking and her nerves before settling back to consider what happened. It had to be an avalanche. That she hadn't been tossed and turned and upside down told her she was still upright and on the highway. She'd be found when the plows came through.
Satisfied, she settled in. Gathered her gloves and the snow brush in the front seat.
She cradled her aching arm. That damned dog had given her a good bite. She should have shot it when she had the chance. She should have shot Maddie, too, just for spite. She pressed her jacket pocket for the gun. It was still there.
She laughed. Next time.
Fiona stretched out on the front seat and, lacking water, struggled to swallow the last of her stash of pills.




FORTY-FOUR


EMMA STRUGGLED TO swing her feet onto the floor from the low-slung cot. Remembering where she was, she rubbed her eyes and stretched before reaching for her phone. She jumped up in a panic, realizing she would be late for the meet-up at the junction to the interstate.
She scrambled into boots and parka and rushed to board the blower. Realizing her mistake, she climbed down to open the garage door.
A cold, clear night greeted her. She smiled as she took in the moon well on its way to high over the horizon. It would be good going now that the snow had halted and the wind was down. She could look forward to home and her own bed and a well-deserved eight hours.
She started the blower, exited the garage, and climbed down to close the sliding door. In the crisp night air, her breath formed a fog in front of her. She was grateful for the two hours of sleep she'd managed to steal. And just as well. It would be a while before she slept again. A full tank of gas ensured she'd be good for hours.
She powered out of the compound, set the blower to turning, and lowered the blade. The machine shuddered as it bit into the frozen bank. It was easy going to clear the town's main street on a single pass. The residents knew not to leave their cars on the road during a storm.
She looked towards the diner, willing it to be open for the coffee she so desperately needed. She smiled thinking of Janine and her dad's relationship finally out in the open. It was time he admitted his feelings for the woman. The blizzard and his reaction to the energy drinks made that happen. It was the one good thing about this storm.
She passed the closed diner and reflected on how exhausted she had been to miss the meet-up. With the upcoming main road opening, she'd be forced to do a lot of cleanup before she proceeded to the town's eastern boundary. While it wasn't required, she liked to take the time to clear the driveway snowbanks that built up over multiple passes. She'd raise the blade, back up, and drop it down to slice into the hard-pack. It was a simple matter to throttle forward and carry on.
The cabin heater performed flawlessly now that the wind had diminished. The steady flow of warm air had nothing else to do but keep her warm. The windows stayed clear on their own. She removed her gloves and jacket and went to work on the highway. It was dull, boring work now that the urgency was no longer there.
Emma cleared a couple of miles, reversed into a driveway to change course, and then cleared the opposite side. It wasn't regulation, but it made sure there wouldn't be a lineup behind her on the two lane highway. In the past when she let that happen, people eager to get out would line up behind the blower, making it almost impossible to clear the road on the return run.
She drew up even with the turnoff to her dad's driveway. She debated making a quick run down the long roadway for a quick check on him, and then decided against it. If she knew anything, it was that he was in good hands with Janine and Maddie. She'd have plenty of time once the highway was clear.
She dropped the blade, pushed the snowbank out of the way, and carried on towards the interstate and the barrier.




FORTY-FIVE


THE SCUFFLE WITH Fiona hadn't injured Boots beyond a banged-up head. Perhaps it was his pride more than anything. Getting pistol-whipped in front of Janine wasn't high on his list of things to do, but it was over. The bleeding had stopped and his forehead was taped. Janine was all right, too.
What aggravated him the most was opening the safe, allowing that woman to strip it of the cash. She even took one of his handguns and a pocketful of ammo. When the taillights of the car disappeared from sight, he was inclined to chase after it.
—That's a bad idea, Boots. You don't know what's out there waiting. She might park to wait out anyone following her.
Boots had to admit it was true. Janine didn't think it was a good idea either. He settled down and put the coffee pot on instead. If nothing else, they could stay holed up until the police showed up.
It was Maddie who realized that Boots' daughter, Emma, was still working on clearing the road. She motioned to Jim and waved him into the kitchen.
—I'm going to check in with Emma. She needs to know that Fiona is somewhere out there.
That got Boots started all over again.
—I heard that.
This time, it was Janine who laid down he law.
—She's a grown woman operating a giant snow blower. Let her do the job you trained her to do.




FORTY-SIX


I WITNESSED FRIDAY'S jaws close on Fiona's wrist. She screamed. The handgun fell onto the floor. Her hand disappeared and the door slammed shut.
She had a backup. I was certain. I didn't think for a minute that she didn't. I turned out the lights and checked the window. She was at the car. I waited for the lights to disappear before turning to the people in the room.
I checked Janine's arm. It was starting to bruise, but she was fine. Boots had a good-sized lump on his head. A bit of dried blood ran down the side of his face. He'd be fine, too.
Fiona's violence had been well-placed towards Janine. Boots hadn't waffled. He opened the gun safe in short order to allow Fiona to find the diner cash. We witnessed the evil smile taking over her face when she found it.
Now Fiona was headed for the highway and no doubt on the way to a confrontation with Emma in the snow blower. How Boots' daughter would handle that was a concern. It was Maddie's, too.
—What's Emma's number? We need to let her know Fiona is headed her way.
She punched frantically at the phone's face and listened.
—Dammit. She's not picking up.
A voicemail wouldn't cut it. Fiona's brutality would no doubt be transferred to the girl if the road wasn't open when she made the turnout.
Tension in the house had been set to high by Fiona's arrival. It lessened only a little following her departure. I had to catch up to Fiona to make sure she was incapable of harming anyone else.
—Boots, I need a gun.
—Take what you need from the gun safe.
I loaded up with an automatic. I filled the magazine and stuffed a handful of cartridges in a pocket, just in case. I followed up with parka and gloves and headed for the door.
—Keep trying Emma. Surely she'll pick up eventually.
In the cold it was an effort just to prepare the car. I hurried to clear snow from windows. I scraped at the frost and broke the wipers free. With that done, the inside of the windows continued to frost over thanks to my fog of breath.
I hated to think it, but I was learning I wouldn't be checking out of Miami any time soon. I should have figured that out the instant I saw Friday sitting his backside down in the snow and getting the shock of his life.
The starter growled in the cold. Nothing happened. I tried again. The engine struggled to turn over and finally caught. I fought to get the cold transmission in gear and by the end of the driveway the heater was starting to put out. A dime-sized patch of clear window turned to a dollar bill's worth.
I crouched in the seat and bent over the wheel to squint into the blinding white snowscape illuminated by the car's headlights.




FORTY-SEVEN


EMMA LOOKED AND then looked again, staring into the pile of snow clogging the highway in front of her. It had to be the weight of the snow on the smooth rock face that caused the collapse into the roadway. While she was unprepared for it, it wasn't the first time it happened. She halted the machine and considered her options.
More than likely, she'd meet up with the equipment coming from the opposite direction. That was the plan, at least. She'd overslept though, and was two hours behind. Strange that the other plow hadn't made its way through by now. The delay had to be the fault of the avalanche.
She checked her phone. No signal. The towers were out again. She shrugged, engaged the swirling blades, and slowly released the clutch to move forward. The blades caught. The machine shuddered and began to power through the packed avalanche of snow occupying the highway. The long hours were starting to take their toll as the noise and vibration and the flying snow overwhelmed her senses.
She leaned over the steering wheel in an attempt to see past the furious swirls of snow. The machine bogged down and she reversed and eased up. Went forward and backward again and again. She attacked the compacted snow for well over an hour. It didn't appear as though she was making progress to the turnout and the barrier.
Emma backed off and took a break. She grabbed the flashlight, climbed down, and did a quick inspection of the snow-encrusted machine as best she could. She looked for the telltale signs of hydraulic leaks. She checked for ice buildup that could cause damage when it went through the blower assembly.
So far, so good.
She looked up to admire the full moon beaming down. She recognized it as a sign the worst of the blizzard was over. From here on it would be all cleanup. Her warm breath fogged the cold air and blew away. She wanted a longer break, and had to talk herself into climbing into the artificial climate created by the cabin heater.
Emma checked the gages. Everything was in the green. She engaged the blower and accelerated slowly forward, content that the equipment was performing as it should.
While the blizzard had halted and the wind was down, the avalanche covering the road stretched in front of her. It was perhaps the forth or fifth time she was forced to reverse while attempting to clear the road of the heavy buildup of wet snow. She re-engaged and moved forward at full throttle with roaring engine and whirring blades. Sheets of wet snow shot out the other end to cover the existing snowbanks.


Fiona woke up in the front seat. It took a moment to get her bearings. She was cold. Her body began shivering uncontrollably. Her ears recognized a growling sound. A bear. No. It was winter. No bears. She remembered. Snow collapsing. An avalanche.
She removed her gloves and rubbed the sleep out of her eyes. She couldn't see anything in the dark. She turned on the interior light revealing windows completely frosted over. Her breath was visible in the chill air.
She awoke a second time in the pitch-black interior. She sat up and pulled the hoodie over her head. Turned on the interior light. Swiped a glove-covered hand at the fogged, icy window. The action did nothing to clear it.
More growling. Louder this time. What was it? She tilted her head. As if that would help. Was the snow moving again? The car had to be upright, otherwise she'd be on the roof. It dawned on her and she grinned so hard her cold face hurt.
Road clearing equipment. Headed for the car. Her car. Soon the road would be open. Vegas. Only a heartbeat away now. She continued listening as joy slowly turned to concern.
Would the operator know her car was covered in snow? Buried, even? Hadn't there been an avalanche last night? Of course. The snow had shifted and buried her car. She was invisible.
She turned the key. Nothing but clicking. Panic began to slowly creep into the car. An image came to her of huge blades sucking the car into the guts of the blower. Spitting tin out the other end. Was that even possible? She turned on the lights and began honking the horn.
The growling grew louder. The driver wouldn't know. The car was buried. Images of Vegas flew out the ice-covered window as she pictured the snow machine destroying her dream, inch by inch. Thanks to the damned avalanche.
The growling kept on, louder. The machine was close. The white curtain of snow began to brighten as the machine closed on her car. She could see her hand. The inside of the car became completely illuminated.
In a panic, she reached for the light switch and flashed the lights on and off, on and off.




FORTY-EIGHT


SOMETHING CLUNKED, LOUD. The giant machine rocked and kept going. Emma was familiar with the noise. She had heard the same sound many times. Experienced the shudder before the machine continued on, blades whirling. The powerful engine didn't miss a beat as chunks of ice broke free and went through the blower mechanism.
The machine rocked a second time. Loud screeching went on for longer than Emma wanted. She pulled back the power levers. Raised the plow. Intent on reversing away from the problem before getting out to investigate.
She engaged the transmission, intent on backing away. Nothing happened. Her brow furrowed. This was new.
A screaming, high-pitched metal-on-metal noise pierced the cabin. The huge machine rocked one more time. Halted. But for the idling engine, the sound quieted. Emma flipped levers and switches and shut down the blower. She kept the diesel engine on to power the bank of lights.
She forced the door open past the ice buildup. Feet slipped on the snow and ice-covered ladder. She reached in for her parka and gloves before descending the rest of the way to the ground.
Her phone vibrated. The call had to be from the blower approaching from the opposite direction. She checked, only to see an unknown number. She ignored it and instead concentrated on the carnage illuminated by the powerful headlights.
Emma's face turned white. Shocked by what she saw, she realized what happened. Parts of a small vehicle had been chewed up by the spinning blades. Sections of the trunk and part of the back seat were completely mangled.
Bits of paper circulated, blown away by the wind whipping down into the roadway. A powerful odor of gasoline wafted up from the rear of the crushed automobile.
Her stomach churned. Shaken and unsure of how she should proceed, she took a step back and snapped a picture, as though expecting to make an insurance claim. The phone vibrated in her hand. Still shaking, she answered.
—Emma? Is that you?
She didn't recognize the female voice.
—It's Maddie. I got your number from your dad.
Still in shock, she carried on as though nothing had happened.
—Oh. Hi. Is everything all right? What's up?
—No. Yes. He's fine. Your father is fine. Janine is here with him. It's Jim.
—What about him? Is he all right?
Maddie took a deep breath and began rushing to get the words out as fast as she could.


Fiona descended into full panic mode as the snow blower's powerful droning went on for what seemed like forever. Would the blades chew through the car? She climbed over the sea and clutched at the seat rail. She fought to push the front seat as far back as it would go. She got down on the floor and rolled into a ball.
Tears of frustration streamed down her face as it occurred to her that Vegas was out of the question now. So was Denver and her boyfriend. She sniffed. Gasoline. The smell took over the car's interior. She had to get out. Her whole body shook as she forced herself to sit up in the freezing air. She squinted through the powerful bank of lights illuminating what was left of the car.
A mass of twisted metal remained where the trunk had been. The gasoline smell grew stronger. Terrified and frozen in place, unable to move, she withdrew into panic.
The racket quieted all of a sudden. The lights never dimmed. She remained where she was, afraid to move out of the protective metal cage provided by the car. Her lungs forced out ice-fogged breath.
The gasoline smell intensified. She tugged on the door handle. It wouldn't budge. She climbed up on the seat and rolled onto her back. Kicked the door with both feet.
Arms flailed. Feet kicked and pushed. The door gave way ever so slightly and sprung back. She pushed harder and kicked again. It squeaked and swung wide. Her body shook with the effort. She struggled out of the car on hands and knees.
She stood up and struggled to make her way towards the lights. A shadow on the ground beside the machine moved. Afraid the driver might continue the advance, Fiona slipped a hand into a pocket of her parka.
She winced. It was her bad hand. The one the dog bit. She managed to get the pistol out. Switched hands. Aimed.
The muzzle swung wide and pointed everywhere but at her intended target.




FORTY-NINE


THE BUZZING PHONE took Emma by surprise. The towers had to be up again. It was news of her father's condition, and she was relieved to learn he was fine. She went to climb out of the cabin to escape the whine of the engine that wouldn't be shut down. It quieted on its own and she stayed inside.
—I'm pretty sure I'm at the barrier. It took forever to get to it. There was a small avalanche of snow that clogged the road. I've been clearing it slowly and carefully.
She wasn't sure why she was giving Maddie a progress report.
—Jim is on his way to you. Don't back up and turn around. You might run into him. I'm staying with your dad and Janine.
—I can't turn this thing around. The machine is down for good until a maintenance crew arrives.
Tap tap tap on the window drew Emma's attention away from the phone. A woman she didn't recognize aimed a handgun at her. She hung up without another word.
—Get out, bitch. It's my turn.
Emma sat up in the cramped cabin. She grabbed her parka and gloves and followed the woman down the ladder. The tick ticking of cooling metal was the only sound. The snow machine was out of service for the duration. The machine wouldn't be started again without destroying it.
Emma smelled gasoline and knew what had made the unfamiliar screeching noise. A car buried in the avalanche of snow that swept down the hillside. She had run the blower into its back end. The blower's controls were jammed by the metal. If she started the machine, the blades would engage. There would be no way to shut them down now that metal had been run through the whirling blades. The snow machine was inoperable.
Multiple sparks, even a single spark, would ignite the fumes rising from the damaged car's fuel tank.
—If you start this thing, there's a good chance you'll ignite the gasoline. You'll get trapped inside. You might not be able to get out.
—Yeah, bitch, I'll take my chances.
Fiona looked up. Paper fluttered in the light wind that had come up. It was the cash from the bank robbery stashed in the trunk. Minus what she'd stuffed in an inside pocket.
She was done. It had all been for nothing. There was nothing left. There would be no going back. Even the diner cash was gone. She was broke, with nowhere to go. There would be no escape.
The woman cursed her bad luck and climbed up on the machine. A bewildering array of dials and gages confronted her.
—Show me how to start this thing, bitch, or I'll blow your brains out.
Emma's mouth opened to tell her it was too dangerous. She clamped it shut when she saw the anger in the woman's face. It was now or never. She tried the switch. Nothing.
—Listen to me. You need to start this thing. I need to get to the interstate.
—I can't. A spark will set off the fumes.
—I don't care. Do it.
She waved the handgun at Emma.
—Get this thing moving right now.
Emma didn't move fast enough for Fiona's liking. She fired a round through the roof to make her understand. Shadows created by something coming up from behind forced her to turn in the cramped cabin.
Fiona pushed Emma across the seat and scrambled down the ladder. The damaged hand was still bleeding. She steadied herself and fired twice into the lights.




FIFTY


THE FIRST ROUND went through the windshield. It missed by inches. I ducked, a reflex action. Realized what it was. It had to be a wild shot, the shooter blinded by the car's lights. When the second round thumped into the engine block, I knew for sure I was in trouble.
I turned off the lights and got out of the car. Slipped the action on the familiar .44 I'd removed from Boot's gun safe. Where was Emma? If she was in the line of fire, she could be in killed.
The snow machine started with a roar. Sparks flew. An explosive whoosh sounded. An orange flash of flame lit up the sky. Gasoline. Where had it come from? Fiona. Emma must have run the snow blower into the back of her car. On purpose or by accident, it would have eaten it up until the machine became jammed with metal.
I saw them. Two people in the cabin of the blower illuminated by the flames. Emma and Fiona. Who else would it be?
I ran towards the burning machine and climbed the ladder on the back of the giant snow blower. I swung the butt of the handgun against the window. In the cramped cabin, Emma was busy frustrating Fiona's attempt to turn around.
I yelled over the screaming metal.
—Drop the weapon or I'll shoot you.
The women continued wrestling in the small cabin. Emma had a grip on Fiona's bloodied arm. The hand with the gun was jammed against the dash. Could I chance it? I had my answer when Fiona swung the pistol into Emma's jaw. She collapsed, knocked out cold.
—Fiona! Drop it or I'll shoot you.
In that split second I knew she wouldn't do it. I had to save Emma. I squeezed the trigger. Fiona screamed over the boom of the .44 in the cramped cabin. She released her grip on the gun. It clattered to the floor.
—Shit. That hurts. What did you do that for?
Orange flames licked their way towards the cabin. I shoved Fiona out of the way. She screamed and made to grab for her shoulder. I rattled the gun against what was left of the rear window to clear the glass. 
I yanked an unconscious Emma through the window. Her bulky parka became caught on something.
—Help me with her or I'll shoot you again.
Using her good hand, Fiona pushed at Emma. It was enough to force her through the window. Emma came to and together we ended up on the ground. I climbed to rescue Fiona and discovered her on the floor trying to retrieve her handgun.
—What did I tell you the first time? Drop the gun or I'll kill you.
Fiona stared at me with a hard look. She didn't believe me. Her look softened as she recognized something in my eyes. She slowly released the gun and let it slip from her fingers. It clattered to the floor a second time.
—Smart move. Now get out.
I didn't help her. I didn't even try. She groaned and muttered and screamed and finally ended up feet-first on the ground. Emma pulled back a fist, swung hard with her entire body, and decked the woman with a roundhouse left.
—You can be my backup in a bar fight any time, woman.
She laughed and I laughed and she had to ask.
—Would you have killed her?
I let her question go unanswered.
—Help me get her into the back seat, please. Stay with her. I don't trust the woman a bit, out cold or not.
I slammed the door and started the car.
—Would you do something for me?
—Of course. You just rescued me. What do you want?
—Call Maddie and let her know we're all right and on our way. Your dad and Janine will be worried sick, too.
She grinned from the back seat.
—Do I tell them we're bringing a prisoner for a sleepover?
I grinned right back.
—Well, you should at least make mention of it. It'll give Maddie time to get properly annoyed.
—Yeah. She told me about the underwear deal. You've got major kissing up to do, Mr. Detective.
—Emma, there was no underwear deal. How could there be? There was no underwear.
Conversation halted until I got the car turned around. We were grinning too hard to talk.




FIFTY-ONE


HEADLIGHTS BARELY REFLECTED off the windows and already Maddie and Boots were out the door to rush the car. It wasn't first aid she was looking to do when she popped the door and attended to Fiona. Boots hadn't wasted time telling Maddie where to find the duct tape and rope.
—I called the state police. They'll be here in about an hour. They're waiting for a road to be cleared. There's a blower working on it now.
He addressed his daughter, anxious that she not be caught doing his job.
—Emma, you're going to let me tell them I was driving. And you better fill me in, fast. I don't want them running into anything.
Emma told her tale while Boots helped wrestle an unconscious Fiona secured by Maddie's duct tape efforts out of the back seat and up the steps to the house.
—Your daughter cold-cocked the woman. It made it easy to get her into the back of the car. Good thing it's a rental. That blood will be tough to get out.
Emma cast a nervous look from me to Fiona and I thought she was about to tell the Drop the gun or die part. She bit her lip and shook her head. It would stay our little secret for the time being. I figured she'd be all about telling her dad eventually. By then, Maddie and I would be long gone.
Janine busied herself collecting a basin and proceeded to fill a kettle with water.
—Put her on the floor in the kitchen. There's no sense dirtying up the carpet.
The women cleaned Fiona's wound and taped it as best they could.
—Tape and rope should hold her until the ambulance gets here if she doesn't struggle.
—Don't worry about a struggle. Emma will just cold-cock her again.
She grinned and nodded again. Fiona wouldn't be going anywhere under her own power, secured or not, if Emma had anything to do with it.
Eventually flashing blues made their way behind a snow blower on the approach to the house. While Boots apprised the driver of what happened to his machine, the troopers led an ambulance in the opposite direction containing Fiona.
Lucky's name came up as an afterthought. Not one of us had seen him. A couple of troopers were dispatched to the motel. Before long a radio call came back. It announced the poor man's discovery beneath the bed in their room. After a bit of head-scratching, I had to admit we were lucky to have corralled Fiona with no harm to ourselves.
It was Emma who made the announcement.
—Janine, you'll be staying in the spare bedroom tonight. It's too late to drive you home.
With that out of the way, and exhausted by the events of the past few days, we collapsed in our beds. Come morning, Emma and Maddie chased everyone out first thing and we came out to the kitchen to devour a celebratory breakfast feast steeped in waffles and eggs any style and bacon and ham and cheese and sausages complete with plenty of laughter and much back-slapping.
Not to be left out, Friday traveled from chair to chair with tail wagging to receive ear scratching and petting and patting. His cold nose nuzzled hands and arms and brought forth more laughter. Please with himself, the dog wandered off to take a well-deserved break in front of the warm fire and promptly fell asleep. Not to be outdone, Boots shortly followed, and both were off in dreamland.
We didn't get out of Boots' place until early the next morning. By then Emma had fussed over her dad, cooked us another breakfast, and allowed the tourists to do the dishes. We drank too much coffee and hugged everyone too hard and too many times before we were allowed to hit the road.




FIFTY-TWO


IN DAYLIGHT, THE huge walls of snow on either side of the highway were intimidating, but the road crews had done a good job. Driving was straightforward. I stopped a couple of times at turnouts and we got out and marveled at how we had driven through a blizzard without realizing the magnitude of keeping highways open in this part of the country.
We were exhausted by the time we made our destination. The events of the past days took their toll. The ski lodge manager was very understanding about a couple of Miami refugees stranded by the blizzard. For goodwill he offered us a couple of extra days to make up and we accepted.
We rented equipment and took lessons and by the end of day three I was able to rest my sprained and bandaged ankle on the bar's brass rail. I told war stories about how I crashed into a tree on a tremendous downhill run, and by the fourth day, everyone was rolling their eyes and calling me a whiner. By then they knew I was a rank amateur. I didn't mind. Friday always listened patiently to my stories.
In the lounge, Friday drew the women like flies. All I had to do was sit back and let him do the work. He enjoyed every minute of the ear rubbing and scratching and tail wagging. He ended up posing for selfies with some of them.
On day five Maddie was escorted into the lounge accompanied by a laughing pair of good-looking, bronzed ski instructors. She was unconvincingly trying to tell them it was nothing through painful giggles. They unloaded her in a chair and went off in search of the lodge's medic.
Come evening she waved off my unbelievable war story for the umpteenth time and was telling one of her own to free drinks and cheers and laughter from her male audience. I took it all in from the vantage point of the bar with Friday and a handful of women by his side. It occurred to me that I could help facilitate a singles soirée if I could only encourage Friday to find his mistress.
I leaned over and whispered into his furry ear.
—Friday. Find Maddie. Off you go. Good boy.
I gave him a salutary pat and he looked up at me like he needed to be told before strolling off. A couple of the women followed after him and ended up circulating around Maddie's chair and the loitering men. In ten minutes, couples began drifting off to various parts of the lodge. Maddie and Friday ended up left to themselves.
From my seat at the bar I recognized my opportunity. I paid the barkeep and made for Maddie.
—So then, I see you caught the ski instructor.
She grinned up at me.
—No, silly. I got it running away from him. Let's go to the room and see what we can figure out without killing ourselves.
—Come on, Friday. Enough flirting with the guests and the waitresses for now.
The dog looked disappointed. Come to think of it, so did Maddie as we fumbled and stumbled our way to the suite.




FIFTY-THREE


THE FLIGHT TO MIA was long and exhausting. By the time we scrambled into a cab for the ride home, we were finished. Even Friday needed his bed. We ignored the office and it's phone.
—I never did get to make a snow angel. Maybe next time.
With two good legs, Maddie rushed up the stairs ahead of us.
—I'm never leaving Miami again. If I never see snow, it will be too soon.
Friday seemingly woofed his agreement, probably remembering freezing his bum off in a snowbank.
—Oh come on, you two. Where's your spirit of adventure? You'd think you were a couple of senior citizens.
Friday collapsed on his bed. Maddie needed help getting her blouse past her sore shoulder. I only needed help getting my pants off. Maddie was experienced at that.
It wasn't long before we were snoring right along with Friday. I only woke up once. Something had bubbled to the surface, forcing me to think about our adventure. I nudged Maddie awake.
—What time is it? What's wrong?
—Nothing. I was just thinking.
She reached for the light.
—About?
—A puppy.
—What? A puppy? Friday can't have puppies, silly.
—I know that. Zelda.
She regarded me suspiciously.
—Who's Zelda? And do I want to know?
—I'm going to talk to Emma. I'm going to ask if Boots might like a Black Lab from a certain Zelda that I know.
—Is that the name of a dog or a woman?
I reached over Maddie to turn out the light.
—I'll know more tomorrow.


I struggled out of bed and donned a robe. Thumped my way like a pirate into the kitchen. It was only nine. I loaded up a tray and we feasted in bed like a couple of newlyweds. We'd no sooner finished than Friday waited by the door.
—It looks like your one-and-only needs to take his constitutional. I'd like to volunteer, but—
—I hope he's not in a rush. It's going to take me a while to struggle into something.
—I can help you with that.
—Judging by the look on your face, I'd say it's not help you're going to be offering, sailor.
—Talk is cheap when your dog needs a walk, your lover is incapacitated, and you want to rush out of the bedroom to take him.
Maddie slowly stretched out in the warm bed as best she could and turned towards me with an encouraging smile.
—Well, he's just going to have to wait his turn. Unlike you.
She sighed and motioned to the dog.
—Good dog, Friday. You're just going to have to wait until your master can get his cast on the floor.




Epilogue


IT TOOK A WHILE to get it sorted out. First came the phone call to Lily. I wanted to confirm that good dog Zelda would be having another litter. As luck would have it, she’d be doing just that in the spring.
I explained to Lily’s mom, Erica, what happened during our ski adventure. She listened patiently as I hit the high spots about Emma and Boots and Janine, and how Emma wanted to go to school in Denver.
Next was convincing Lily that one of Zelda’s pups should go to someone she didn’t know. Lily agreed almost immediately. It turned out all but one was spoken for. That one ended up being the runt of the litter.
Boots was tickled pink when he found out there was a pup available. Then he found out it would be a female and his joy knew no bounds. That the pup was the runt of the litter didn’t make a whit of difference. He already had a name picked. Lily named the pup immediately.
Lily would be accompanied by her mother when she brought the pup to Denver. It would be no earlier than eight weeks after she was born.
The eight weeks passed uneventfully. Emma met mother and daughter, and the threesome bonded immediately. In no time, Erica was phoning to ask about the Mayberry family. After some back and forth, Erica was satisfied that Boots and daughter Emma and Janine weren’t a family of serial dog- and people-nappers.
The pair would stay only long enough to make sure Boots and his family were a suitable family for one of Zelda’s pups. Upon spotting the pile of dog books and pamphlets, Lily took on training Boots to her satisfaction with a vengeance.
The exercise took three days. A humbled Boots took his training very seriously when all of them weren’t laughing uncontrollably. At the end of it, a satisfied Lily placed her hands on her hips for emphasis.
—You pass, Boots. Lady is your dog now. Zelda will be happy when I tell her the runt of her litter has a good, caring home.
When Boots and Emma and Janine called, I didn’t need a picture to see their smiling faces. They sent one anyway. Lady was on prominent display in front of everyone. Already I could tell she was a real ham. In the background, Lilly was giving her secret Okay sign, and I knew all was well.
###




More by P X Duke

Twisted Sisters
Detective Jim Nash has a problem. He has a murder victim in an alley and a dead woman in his bed. His own homicide division wants to charge him with murder. To say he's got serious commitment problems would be an understatement. He's on the lookout for twins, but he doesn't want to date them. He wants to know who murdered them. A modern pulp short story.

Dreams Die Fast
Frank is headed home after spending a long winter on the Baja. When his motorcycle breaks down, he's trapped in an old ghost town on the west side of the Salton Sea. A woman takes pity on Frank and invites him over for a home-cooked meal. Before he knows it, Frank is knee-deep in cartel drugs with a woman itching to pull the trigger on the gun she's pointing at his back.

Dreams Die Hard
Frank is back on the road with a reformed junkie on the run from a cartel hit squad riding bitch on the back of his motorcycle. When the duo end up working at a strip club, the seedy edge of the city finally catches up, forcing Frank to dig deep within to triumph over drugs, greed, arson and murder. Some adult content.

Fast Food Slow Waitress
A biker hits all the high spots (or the low spots, depending on your point of view). These short stories find him at a peeler bar off the 15 in Montana; encountering a hitch-hiker off the 10 in New Mexico; being sweet-talked by his landlady; romancing a truck-driving sweetheart in a sleeper at a California truck stop; flirting with a waitress in a restaurant in the high desert. This is an updated and revised version of First Time and other stories previously published.

Dead Reckoning
During a well-deserved R&R on mainland Mexico, Harry picks up something he doesn't own that forces him to flee across the Sea of Cortez to the Baja. While hiding out on an isolated beach, two mysterious gringas show up to complicate Harry's life by attempting to implicate him in their own scheme, resulting in a mad dash up the Baja to escape the consequences of their actions.

Long Way Home
When Harry's ex-wife, Sasha, and their daughter accompany her oil-company boyfriend on a working vacation to Africa, the trio goes missing. They get out a call for help that will lead Harry on an air and ground chase across the Horn of Africa to rescue his family before kidnappers can move them to their den on the Indian Ocean.

Payback
Harry's comfortable family life is turned upside down when he gets a phone call from a former comrade he thought long dead. When the second call comes in an hour later, the caller asks for his help. He knows his life will never be the same until he can learn what happened to the woman who launched a rescue mission to save his life after his plane was destroyed during a firefight on a bush landing strip in East Africa. Third short novel in a series.




About the author


Aviator. Motorcycle rider. Vagabond. Drifter. Trouble-maker. Jack of all trades and master of none. I've been riding and writing about the places I've been and the people I've seen for a few years now. Some of my writing is factual; some of it isn't. I'll leave it up to you to decide for yourself which lies are the truth.

http://pxduke.com

author@pxduke.com

