Everything But The Music
Herbert Howard Jones

Copyright © Herbert Howard Jones 2021
The right of Herbert Howard Jones to be identified as the author of this work has been asserted by him in accordance with sections 77 and 78 of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act, 1988.
This is a work of fiction. Opinions expressed in this book do not necessarily reflect the author’s own views.
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favourite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Distributed by Smashwords.
Cover by Herbert Howard Jones

Contents
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter One
The cute Bedlington terrier, resembling a lamb more than a dog, stretched itself languidly in front of large floor-to-ceiling double glazed window. The radiant heat of the sun was sufficient to send the animal into alternate states of wakefulness and deep sleep. Occasionally, an insect would collide with the window outside, which would get the small dog to its feet. Earlier a wasp had paraglided up the glass, but the dog knew its limits and was content to observe it without further action.
Returning to his comfortable position on the thick pile carpet, the dog was about to doze off again when a noise at the front door got its attention. He had already been fed and littered earlier by Lilly, the Spanish lady who came in to do the cleaning, and so knew it wasn’t her. Excitedly, he bounded towards the hallway to see who it was. When he realised that it was his mistress, he went berserk. But it appeared his mistress was with another person. 
The ‘other person’ was that ‘fellow’ again. The dog had taken exception to the man’s energy which seemed dangerous to him. Also, the man wore a scent which the dog found absolutely repugnant. But that didn’t stop the dog jumping up at his beloved mistress to be given the usual generous strokes, cuddles, kisses and coohs. 
‘Micky, Micky, Micky, come here, sweetie!’ the woman said enthusiastically as she picked the dog up to receive a bunch of wet licks under her chin. ‘Who’s a good boy, who’s a good boy then?’
After a thorough fussing, the dog was put down on the floor again and he trotted alongside her for a short while. Then he returned to his position by the lounge window and slowly dozed off for the twentieth time that day.
‘Shall I get the coffee going, Jeanie?’ said her dark handsome companion.
Jeanie sighed fondly at him. ‘It will only keep me up, Mark, and my stomach is still full of all that wine you plied me with at dinner!’
Mark took her hands. ‘That was only for starters.’
‘I had an idea it was,’ she replied as he moved towards her and gently kissed her lips.
She accepted his kiss without reaction. He looked tenderly into her eyes and was about to move in for a second kiss, when she pulled away. 
‘Now, now darling, don’t be greedy!’ she said.
‘Come on,’ he said. ‘What about a nice glass of that Concha Toro I bought you? It’s still early. I couldn’t face going home right now.’
She gently disentangled herself from his amorous hold. ‘You can always go and sit at a bar if you’re that desperate for company.’
He pulled a hurt face. ‘You’re kidding me, right?’
‘No, seriously, I’ve got to get up really early tomorrow, and I mean really, really, early!’
He grinned. ‘Okay, but it’s not like you need your beauty sleep, you’re beautiful enough.’
‘Flattery will get you nowhere!’ she said. ‘But really,  I’ve got a six-thirty am studio booking tomorrow and I’m normally deeply asleep at that time.’
Mark chuckled. ‘You and your music!’ He stared at her and then did an about-turn on the shiny parquet flooring. He seemed to know when he was beaten.
Jeanie Colbert was no pushover, and once her mind had been made up, there was no changing it. She knew that Mark wanted a more intimate connection with her, but she was undecided about it. As a result, he never often got beyond first base. When he did, she found his lovemaking a little too mechanical. And tonight she was too tired to bother.
In fact, she virtually hustled him out of the apartment, and he found himself standing in the hall before he knew it. He stood glued to the spot for a moment staring at her, and then with a cheerful smile she slowly shut the door on him. ‘Bye!’
He smiled bravely back and then walked off down the hall to the elevator.
Jeanie’s face recomposed itself into a neutral expression as she locked the door from the inside. She went into the lounge reminiscing about her evening with Mark, which had indeed been pleasant. He certainly knew how to make amusing conversation and he was good looking too. Cute, was the word she would use to describe him. He was also quite sophisticated and knew about fine wines and exotic foods and literature and music. He was no dope. But her attraction for him was marred by something which she couldn’t put her finger on. She couldn’t quite fully give herself to him.
But his success as the owner of a chain of jewelry shops proved he had the kind of savvy a woman respected in her man. It was handy that he was wealthy and always paid for everything, and she did feel at ease in his company. But she knew, for him, just being her escort wasn’t enough. He wanted more; he wanted her lock stock and barrel.
However, for all the glamour he offered her, for all the wit and charm and compliments he paid her, her feelings towards him were stubbornly ambivalent. She didn’t feel the slightest stirrings of anything other than just the merest of interest. When she was alone, she didn’t think about him very much at all. He was just like a hanger-on that she had got used to in her life.
And she could only tolerate so much of his company and then she tired of it and she couldn’t put a finger on why. However, that didn’t mean that she didn’t want his company ever. Sometimes she craved company, but not his necessarily. Actually, as she went into the bathroom to wash her hands, she did feel that she needed to talk to someone. Perhaps she had summarily dismissed him too hastily.
She glanced at herself in the bathroom mirror and wasn’t sure that she liked what she saw. But that didn’t matter, because now, alone, she could relax. The luxury of absolute privacy was something she could thoroughly enjoy, compared to her college days when she had to share digs. 
She could just be herself in this apartment which was her own. She didn’t have to wear makeup if she didn’t want to. She didn’t have to hold her stomach in. Perhaps that was why she had tossed Mark out. She just wanted to stop pretending that she was this beautiful woman people said she was, just for a few hours.
She smoothed back her raven black hair and moved closer to the mirror and spotted them straight away – the lines. They were beginning to form around her eyes, which seemed more sunken than usual.
From a distance of say two feet away she looked great and she knew it, like a real foxy diva. But closer up, her face reminded her of a Mellon, skin a bit yellowish, nose too pokey, lips overly pouty, ears like an elephant, chin inclined to be whiskery. Ugh, she thought with genuine disgust.
Although the one feature she didn’t mind in her face were her eyes. They were forest green and they shone when she talked animatedly. She knew this because people had commented about them. 
But her eyebrows needed work as they were so thin that they were practically invisible. Once they had been reinforced with make-up, she felt ready to do battle with the world. She suspected that a lot of other so-called beautiful women had similar issues. But of course she was really being too hard on herself.
Frankly, she would have felt happier living in a less superficial society, where women could go about without wearing make-up. Perhaps, if she lived in a rural third world country, she could really and truly just be herself. It was an amusing thought.
She went into the lounge, furnished with luxurious Italian furniture, and relaxed on the sofa. It was Micky’s cue to come flying over and jump onto her lap. He got comfortable straight away, and she stroked him absently. If he sensed his mistress wasn’t happy, he certainly did his best to show he loved her.
The feeling was mutual, and Jeanie found her mind wandering in several directions at once. She thought about the recent progress she had made in her career in Los Angeles. She had, through hard work become this minor music ‘name’ – a composer of film scores and songs. But she was a realist and knew her limits, and in her mind she was no singer and didn’t want to be. She just loved writing music and songs. However, she doubted that her success would last forever. Perhaps it just a flash in the pan?
The great strides that she had made in music college in San Francisco were mainly due to the encouragement  a certain tutor had given her. Her name was Gale Hughes and she had helped Jeanie discover her talent for musical composition and arranging. Gale was a brilliant pianist herself and astonished Jeanie with her dexterity. She owned the college where Jeanie studied, which was fancifully called ‘The Coleridge Faculty of Music’. Who Mr Coleridge was, Jeanie never found out. 
Eventually, Gale had encouraged Jeanie to go to Los Angeles where there were more educational and work opportunities for budding composers. Jeanie’s guardians reluctantly agreed to let her go. Thanks to Gale’s personal recommendations, Jeanie was accepted into a corporately sponsored educational cooperative with the fee all but waived. It was really just another college but one that was sought out.
Jeanie sadly smiled to herself as she thought about her mother and father who would be so proud of her now. Their unanticipated and early deaths was a tragedy she would never get over. But their premature passing had served to encourage her in her quest for professional recognition. It was the stimulus which had really driven her in her studies and subsequent musical career.
Aunt Lucy Weston, who lived in San Francisco, had kindly and lovingly taken Jeanie in after her parents passed away. It was a big and much needed help. Jeanie stoically lost herself in her studies as she tried to blot out the past and terrible pain of losing her parents. But this agony was always there, even though she lost them when she was barely eleven years old. Sadly, time had not erased it. 
However, Aunt Lucy was a good psychologists and intuitively understood her niece’s needs. Jeanie clearly had a considerable musical talent and needed the right tuition to bring it out. It was through her aunt that she met Gale Hughes in San Francisco, who turned out to be her life changing tutor and inspiration.
And it was through Gale Hughes that she met Rodney Cornwall, a highly successful arranger of film scores. He was so impressed with Jeanie’s talent that he took her partially under his wing. He had written perhaps hundreds of scores for film and television himself and he spotted something in the aspiring Jeanie.
The only reason why they had met at all was because Rodney Cornwall had been working with Gale Hughes on a stage project. Gale had subsequently presented Jeanie as her most talented student and he began to take notice of her.
Rodney or Rod as he was usually known, was a studious-looking but rakishly darkly handsome man with a profound sense of humour which Jeanie enjoyed.  He also had crazy hair. He wasn’t like a tutor at all. More like a brother at first. He seemed particularly impressed with a short piece of music she had written for the piano and kept praising her for it. She called it a minuet and it sounded like someone else’s work. Still he liked it, and even acknowledged that, although it was slightly derivative it showed promise. This was the beginning of a long association with him.
On the sofa, Jeanie gave Micky another fond stroke on his hind leg. The dog responded, greedy for her touches as she recalled Rodney’s enthusiasm for her subsequent piano compositions and songs. He even threatened to use one, and he seemed half serious. It resulted in her working harder at her music, but perhaps that was what he was trying to achieve.
Eventually the formality of the student teacher relationship changed, and they became more familiar with each other. Then, when Jeanie graduated, going to a music college in Los Angeles on Gale’s recommendation, their connection deepened. The college was a private institution financially supported by a big tv company. 
Rod was really pleased about this and said, ‘How lucky! Now, you can come and see me there. I’ve got an apartment just opposite the college!’
It turned out that he was actually an associate professor at the college.
At the time she was barely nineteen and viewed Rodney Cornwall as a part of the music establishment. She would have been happy to sit up all night working on her compositions if he had so requested. All the assignments that she did at that time were the result of the desire to impress him. Also, she noticed that sometimes he did get a quite grumpy if she missed an assignment deadline, and so she would burn the midnight oil to please him.
Without realising it, she was devoting more and more time to her studies to keep him sweet. She began to wonder why he was so focussed on her, as opposed to any another student. Thinking back she recalled that their relationship was almost like one of slave and master! And there was many a night when she was so mentally exhausted that she would even forego supper. 
However, it was that charming grin of his which would more than compensate her for her mental exhaustion.  All he had to say, ‘This is really not bad, Jeanie,’ and all would be well with her world again. 
But it was all too intense. They were almost like an old couple; agreeing, then gently falling out; arguing sometimes and then making up over coffee the next day. It wasn’t normal.
Still she didn’t feel she really knew him or understood his motivations. He remained a mystery man to her. In fact, that might have been the reason why she was so taken with him. It was that element of mystery. And then there was that Texan twang of his, although he denied ever living there, claiming to have come from Arkansas.
But when Jeanie quizzed other students about his background she received mixed replies. One girl said he was Australian and another that he was a New Yorker and had lived in Queens. Jeanie also learned that a number of other students were quite attracted to him, and she had to admit that she was too. Slowly these little seeds of admiration within her grew.
At the time, her attraction for him had only been slight but it had quickly increased. Curiously, he seemed to have been completely oblivious of it. Perhaps it was because of their ten year age difference and that the fact that he appeared to have a girlfriend, although this wasn’t quite clear. In fact women flocked around him like butterflies, and that may have been due to his fame.
But eventually he did become a fixture in her life, and it had transpired so naturally that she almost didn’t realise it was happening. They had become a couple for real, and as painful as it sometimes was, it had stood the test of time. 
Then real life intervened and the relationship changed, and they drifted away from each other romantically but remained tied together professionally. They were still together, but now more as working partners, collaborating on numerous musical projects. She often appeared to supply the inspiration he lacked, but how long could this go on before there was another shift? Life’s tectonic plates moved whether you wanted them to or not.
Jeanie suddenly yawned and then removed the dog from her lap and stood up. She looked at her reflection in the giant windows which overlooked the darkening city of Los Aneles. Somehow the slightly magnified windows always made her look more plump.
She thought of Mark making his way home in his expensive sportscar. If she was so minded, he could have stayed for a while, but the recording session in the morning made it impractical.
*   *   *
Rod Cornwall gave her a curious glance as he stood on the podium in front of the group of session musicians. He was conducting the backing music to their newest collaborative album. Jeanie looked back at him from her position on a stool in the studio’s control room. She noted that he appeared displeased about something.
She clicked on the intercom on the mixing desk. ‘What’s up Rod?’ she queried.
‘The middle eight is in the wrong tempo!’ he replied. ‘Did you check this score?’
‘Of course I did,’ she replied.
‘Well, it’s too damn fast,’ he said. ‘Can we take a break?’
She nodded. There he was taking over again. The album was supposed to be her project and mainly featuring her concepts for it, but that had gone out of the window. After three hours she was feeling quite tired of his constant analyzing. Also, the control room was stuffy as the air conditioning unit didn’t seem to be working properly.
Actually, she really needed a break and perhaps a cigarette. She was going to suggest they go out for some air, but Rod strode over to the grand piano in the studio and began playing. ‘I thought it could be more like this,’ he said demonstrating his take on a passage from her song.
‘Too slow,’ she responded over the intercom. ‘You’re playing it like a ballad!’
He played a few more bars, speeding it up slightly.
She stared at him and couldn’t fault his musical ingenuity, but it sounded like another genre of music altogether. More pop country fusion.
However, at the end of the day, he was the main driving force behind their record label which had three partners, including herself.  Rod had registered the company as Coolabah Records Inc and had put up most of the capital and so his decisions tended to be carried. He had become the mogul and she the mere artistic director and A&R woman, who did most of the running about. Their other partner, Tony Letwell, was in jail and so didn’t, for the moment, have a voice in the running of the company.
As the CEO, Rod oversaw most of the policy and admin decisions, but he couldn’t help interfering in the nuts and bolts of the music making. In fact, he was a prolific songwriter in his own right, but often stealing ideas from her playbook. As a result, he tended to receive more credit from his contemporaries than he deserved which grated on her a little.
Somehow he got away with it, but only because she didn’t complain loudly enough. It didn’t help her cause that he looked like a musical genius, styling his hair Afro fashion, and wearing collarless shirts. And when she did complain, he would smile and say that he was entitled to cherry pick the best ideas and this didn’t matter in the long run. She would also benefit.
There was no answer to this, and no way to respond without seeming churlish and ungrateful. Plus, even though her intense attraction to him had waned, she still succumbed to his charm as dated as it now was. Jeanie couldn’t see herself breaking up with him professionally. He had just too much damned gravitas and influence in the industry. 
She in her turn was too convenient for him. He leaned on her more than he realised. All he had to do was hum a tune and she would write it down with improvements and he would claim it as his own.
Rod remained seated at the piano making notes on the score in pencil. ‘Just bear with me,’ he said as he scratched something.
She stood up in the control room and stretched. Her back was killing her. The producer, Clive Nesbit, sitting next to her, shrugged.
‘Come on down and try it this way,’ Rod commanded.
‘I thought we were going to have a break now,’ she replied. ‘I desperately need a cigarette.’
Rod beckoned her imperiously. ‘Just for a sec. Just sing it from the end of the first chorus.’
‘But I won’t be the one doing the vocal on the final cut, will I?’ she answered. She hated singing in front of all those professional session guys. They had already contracted Jasmine Althea, an up and coming singer for the job, but she wasn’t here at the moment.
Clicking her tongue, Jeanie left the control room and went down into the studio with the other musicians and stood in front of Rod at the piano. He was being quite the impresario today. In fact Clive, the producer, was being very laid back and was hardly saying a word.
She picked up a lyric sheet and Rod counted everyone in. The song began with full backing just after the first verse. Jeanie sung it quite well, although she flubbed a couple of words, but they carried on.
The Rod stopped them suddenly. ‘We need to mic you up,’ he said. ‘Go in the vocal booth, would you! Okay guys, we’ll try it slower please.’
Jeanie blinked tiredly and dutifully went into the soundproof booth in front of the musicians.  On the count of three they all struck up again but from the beginning of the song. It had the feel of a  swing ballad from the nineteen forties which wasn’t how she had originally envisioned it.
Clive the producer was nodding his head up in the control room enthusiastically. As she sung, Jeanie thought the adjustment to the tempo was completely wrong.
To please Rod, the musicians had dragged the tempo down to an intolerably slow level to her ears. Actually, all the zest of the song had been taken out and it sounded like a dirge. But she did her best.
‘I don’t cry like I used to, babe,’ she sung into the Rhodes mic suspended above her head. ‘And I won’t cry over you…’
Clive gave her the thumbs up in the control room, while Rod had his back to her conducting the band. But in the battle of wills in the studio, she was losing. The session guys always agreed with Rod no matter what, but then they were all sackable and not under contract.
To Jeanie it had turned into the never ending song and she couldn’t wait for it to finish. She just kept singing to please Rod. But she needed to go outside the building for five minutes and listen to something else – the muted noise of city traffic, which would be good. The vocal booth smothered her, and she was beginning to feel a bit claustrophobic. 
If only Jasmine had come in today, but that was Rod’s doing. He had sneakily planned this, planned to make serious alterations to Jeanie’s arrangements and so had told the singer to leave it for today.
Jeanie prayed that Rod wouldn’t tamper with the other arrangements on the album. But she had a feeling that he was tempted to do a complete makeover. If he did, she would just have to accept it and then consider what she was doing with a man who liked to trample all over her work. Didn’t he realise she had artistic pride too? 
Perhaps she should stand up for herself more than she did and not bend to his will because it was advantageous for her to do so.  But it was his fame and prestige in musical circles which took away her strength to defend herself. Compared to him she was a relative nobody.
Though there was no denying that he had majorly helped her achieve her potential. Without him she probably wouldn’t even be working in the industry today. Ultimately, it was his sponsorship of her talent which had put her on the map.
Other teachers, other producers, other people she had worked with lacked the knack of being able to bring her talent out. Producer Clive Nesbit never failed to underwhelm her with his cheap and uninspired ideas. Only Gail Hughes at the Coleridge Faculty had succeeded in helping her grow, but that was years ago.
Rod remained the most powerful and dynamic musical influence in her professional life which no one else could touch. He also retained his enthusiasm for music when other executives had long lost theirs.
Finally, they came to the end of the song and everyone tapped their bows and thumped their instruments. Jeanie was relieved it had finally come to an end and stepped out of the booth and took a deep breath of the studio air.
‘Better isn’t it?’ Rod said.
Jeanie nodded but only because the obsequious session guys were nodding and smiling.
‘Well?’ Rod demanded. ‘What do you really think?’
‘Yes, it’s okay I suppose,’ she said hesitantly.
Rod was obviously unhappy with her reply. ‘Okay? Well I think it’s perfect and it suits the mood of the song.’
Jeanie shrugged. ‘I don’t want to argue.’
Rod laughed. ‘You don’t want to argue and yet that’s what you’re doing now.’
‘Rod it’s fine.’
‘We’ll ask Jasmine what she thinks when she comes in,’ Rod said unnecessarily.
Jeanie nodded and smiled disingenuously and began to walk away.
‘Where you going?’ Rod demanded. ‘I was going to say, that maybe a change of pitch would  be the icing on the cake?’
Jeanie stopped walking, turned around and sighed. ‘You’re kidding right.’
Rod shook his head. ‘No. Say, guys could you transpose this up a semi-tone?’
‘No problem,’ said Lamar, the black saxophone player.
‘We’ll do this off the cuff then, one more time,’ Rod said. ‘If you wouldn’t mind going back into the booth?’
Jeanie blinked, unable to believe her ears. Barely being able to contain her annoyance she went back into the booth and slammed the little door. The session men were amused.
Taking it from the top the band plunged in again and Jeanie let her voice rip  not caring what she sounded like. Her role in this project was as composer and arranger not singer, so it didn’t much matter.
The song rumbled on for the customary three minutes, eighteen seconds or so, with Jeanie hating every moment of it. But there was a different reaction from the session guys. They appeared to be loving every note which came out of her mouth. At the end of the song there was stunned silence and then Rod dramatically threw open the little door of the vocal booth and grabbed her. There were tears in his eyes.
The session guys cheered and clapped enthusiastically and even Clive Nesbit in the control room clapped.  Such an actor! Jeanie looked at them as if they were mad!
Rod waved his finger at the producer. ‘I hope to Christ you got that, Clive?’
Clive nodded. ‘Certainly did boss. It’s what you call a great take!’
‘I knew you had it in you, Jeanie!’ Rod said warmly.
Jeanie’s mood instantly changed. ‘Are you kidding me?’ 
Rod’s bottom lip quivered. ‘See, now if you’d had a break this wouldn’t have happened.’
‘Was I really that good?’ she queried.
Rod swore loudly in delightful. ‘You were sensational!’
Jeanie fluttered her eyelids feeling like a little student again.
‘Okay!’ Rod shouted. ‘We’ll take five!’
The session men put down their instruments and smiling filed out into the yard at the back of the studio for a cigarette.
Rod held onto Jeanie’s hand. ‘Come on let’s talk!’
‘Okay, but I feel drained,’ Jeanie said. ‘I need a coffee and a cigarette.’
‘Hang on just one second,’ Rod said selfishly. 
Jeanie out her hands on her hips. ‘Well?’
Rod frowned. ‘Look…’ then he stood up. ‘Okay, let’s go get a coffee first and then we’ll talk.’
They left through the soundproofed studio door and went out into the hall where the coffee machine was. Rod put in some loose change and pressed the buttons for a black coffee which he gave to her, while he had a milky sugary one.
She took her beverage. ‘Thanks. Look, Rod, the slower arrangement sounds okay in the higher key, but I still don’t like it, if I’m honest.’
He sipped his milky concoction. ‘You don’t?’
‘Rod, it’s supposed to be my song, my arrangement, my tempo and my key,’ she said.
He shook his head. ‘Okay forget the tempo, but the key is so you! Your voice obviously sounds best in B Major, and the proof is now on tape!’
Jean gulped down her coffee. ‘It was a fluke. And anyway, Jasmine is the one who’s going to sing it, and she’s under contract so we can’t just take the song away from her at the last minute.’
‘Why can’t we?’ he asked with a mischievous smile. ‘I want you to sing it on the album!’
‘Rod, I’m going for a cigarette,’ she replied. ‘And I’m going to make myself a sandwich in the kitchen. Do you want one?’
‘Oh, okay then,’ he said. ‘I’ll tell the guys to take lunch. It’s practically twelve anyhow.’ He sauntered off leaving Jeanie to go in the opposite direction towards the little studio kitchenette in the basement.
In the kitchen, she checked the bread for freshness and then made two chicken and coleslaw sandwiches which she brought up on one plate. Rod was sitting at the piano playing passages from the next couple of songs that they were going to lay down. Once again both were hers. The method was to record the backings first and then get the singer, in this case Jasmine, to put down the vocals afterwards.
Jeanie placed the plate of sandwiches on the piano next to him. ‘Rod, please no more tampering!’
‘Tampering? Is that what you call it?’ he grinned. ‘Well I think all the songs should be transposed up, the whole bunch of them.’
‘Oh for God’s sake,’ Jeanie said with a frown.
Rod’s stubby milky white hands began to play an ingenious medley of the songs they were due to record. But the tempos had been slowed and keys were higher. She listened biting her  bottom lip. He really was a born musician who couldn’t play a wrong note, even if his interpretations annoyed her.
Jeanie studied his face as he played about dexterously on the keyboard and noted that he seemed lost in a very private place. He was almost being transported by his own improvisations. And then she realised that he tended to favour the pathetique rather than the optimistic. The  sadness which was clearly in his own soul seemed to speak through his playing and he didn’t seem to realise it.
‘Very good,’ she said. ‘But we’re not going to a funeral!’ 
Rod grinned and stooped playing. ‘Some people like going to funerals! But I get your point.’
Jeanie grabbed a sandwich and bit into it hungrily. ‘So, what did you want to discuss?’
He checked his watch. ‘Maybe now is a bad time. I hate rushing things.’
‘I noticed!’ she replied referring to his slower interpretation of her songs. She leaned on the piano wanting to sit down but couldn’t be bothered to grab a chair.
He glanced up at her, his earlier enthusiasm beginning to wane. ‘But seriously, you did good just then. Your singing I mean. I wasn’t expecting that!’
‘Well, I’ll tell you what it was, I was angry!’ she said.
‘I know,’ he said. He turned his powerful eyes full on her and she felt that he was x-raying her brain. ‘And so maybe that isn’t a bad thing. But it was Clive’s idea. He told me to press a few buttons, get you riled up and then see what happens.’
Jeanie frowned. ‘Well that was nice of him.’
‘He isn’t one of the world’s best producers in the world for nothing,’ Rod said.
She looked over towards the control room, but Clive wasn’t there.
Rod studied her without speaking. She felt slightly uncomfortable under his stare. But she knew that was just one of his tactics. It was supposed to break down her defenses.  
Jeanie took another big bite of her sandwich and chewed thoughtfully. ‘Well remind me not to invite Clive to my next recording session!’
Rod laughed and grabbed half of a sandwich on the plate. ‘Clive knows how to read people, especially musicians.’
‘Well I resent it,’ she said.
He shrugged. ‘Maybe you resent me too?’
‘No, don’t be silly,’ she answered quickly smiling at him in a sort of lopsided way. She tended to do this when she wasn’t being totally honest.
He opened his mouth and swallowed his half a sandwich in one greedy gulp. ‘Frankly, I know you do, resent me that is, if only a little bit.’
She shrugged not wanting to hurt his feelings. ‘I admire you, not resent you.’
‘You’re fed up with me,’ he said. ‘I can tell.’ His eyes seemed to change colour, or was it the dimming of the sun coming in through the skylight? It was clear that he didn’t believe her.
She shook her head. ‘Don’t be silly,’ she said.
‘Okay.’ He reached over took her hand and pinched her palm with his thumb. 
She pulled her hand away. ‘What’s that for?’
‘I’m trying to see if you’re really real.’
‘I’m real alright,’ she replied.
He stood up and looked at her as if examining a dressmaker’s dummy. He then bent forward, put his arms around her and kissed her lightly on the cheek. Jeanie noted that there was no one observing them.
‘You see, it matters to me, you being honest with me,’ he said. ‘I need to know what you feel about things.’
Jeanie gently disengaged herself from his embrace and looked him in the eyes. His looked right back at her, right through her, right into her soul, or so it seemed. She walked over to a circular window in the wall which looked out onto the street, although the sounds of the traffic were completely muted. ‘I’m always honest with you,’ she said. ‘Aren’t I complaining now?’
‘I’m talking about how you feel about me after all these years,’ he said. ‘I mean do you enjoy my company? Or am I just a sucker you’ve latched onto because it’s good for your career?’
She frowned. ‘Rod please! That’s a terrible thing to say! That isn’t giving me much credit at all.’
‘I didn’t mean it like that,’ he said. ‘It’s that people have noticed that you’ve changed. Clive says you have. He’s worried about you.’
‘Really?’ she replied. ‘So how have I changed? No, let’s not talk about it.’
He came over to her by the window and looked out. ‘The suns really blazing today.’
‘Can I ask you question?’ she suddenly said. ‘Did you and Gail Hughes ever…’
‘Hmm, interesting question,’ he said. ‘Ever? You mean ever…’
‘Yes.’
‘It would be indiscreet of me to tell you intimate things about your former teacher,’ he said. ‘But I think you’ve asked me this before.’
‘Really? Did I?’ Jeanie said as she noticed that Clive had reappeared in the control room. 
‘Oh, Clive’s back,’ Rod said trying to change the subject. ‘But the answer is yes.’ It seemed like an honest answer. Then he grinned in a sort of self-conscious way.
‘Okay,’ she replied.
‘But she was too prissy for me. She wasn’t a very physical type.’
Clive was sitting in the control room with a newspaper on his lap and appeared not to be listening to their conversation over the intercom. All he had to do was flip a switch and he could hear everything going on in the studio.
Jeanie rubbed her arm. ‘Hmm, yes you’re such a touchy feely person aren’t you, Rod?’
‘Nothing wrong with that,’ he said taking her hand and pinching her palm again.
‘Rod will you stop doing that! Jesus!’
He dropped her hand. ‘Of course we are still in contact, Gail and I, and I give her regular updates about your progress!’
She nodded. ‘I know, she emails me and tells me you do.’
‘What?’ he seemed surprised. ‘I didn’t know you were still in touch with her!’
‘Well it’s not regularly,’ Jeanie answered. ‘Once every six months maybe I drop her an email.’
‘You’re a dark horse,’ he said.
‘I didn’t tell you because there was nothing much to tell,’ Jeanie said.
‘Oh,’ he said. ‘But she thinks, despite your recent album successes, that you might need a new source of inspiration.’
‘Really?’
‘You’re starting to repeat yourself,’ he said. ‘That’s what she’s saying, not me. She also thinks you’re being lazy by getting other artists to sing your songs. You need to start singing them yourself!’
‘Right.’
‘That’s just between you and me,’ he said. ‘Although, I think she has a point.’
Jeannie took a deep breath and walked back to the piano. ‘Well, tell her not to worry. I’ll get there in the end.’
Rod followed her and gave Clive a wave. ‘I’m glad you’re thinking about it. But maybe she’s right. Maybe you do need a new source of inspiration.’
She was conscious of Clive staring at them. She smiled, ‘You mean like finding another Mr Svengali!’
Rod laughed. ‘Well, they’re a dime a dozen, so it shouldn’t be difficult to find another one.’
It was her to turn to sit at the piano. She played a few disharmonious chords. ‘I wouldn’t know where to look.’
‘Well I’m such a rarity,’ he said cockily. ‘I’m a friggin’ genius, aren’t I Clive?’
In the control room, Clive bent forward and pushed down the intercom button. ‘What?’
‘Never mind go back to sleep,’ Rod said.
Clive pointed to his watch. It was time to get going again.
Rod grinned at Jeanie. ‘So how’s your friend Mark?’
‘He’s fine, why?’
‘You don’t speak much about him,’ Rod said. 
‘Because there is no reason to,’ she answered. ‘Rod, I think we should continue this conversation later.’
‘Just answer me this, are you happy with him?’
‘Huh?’ Jeanie sent him a quizzical look. ‘Why are we talking about this, all of a sudden?’
‘Because it might be affecting your work,’ Rod said. 
Jeanie frowned as the session guys began to saunter back into the studio. ‘Rod, no it’s not affecting my work. Besides my relationship with Mark is my affair and has nothing to do with you or this company or my output!’ Her voice carried across the studio and a couple of the guys looked over.
Rod looked over at them. ‘Hey, we’re talking here.’
‘We’ll talk later,’ she responded. ‘But this is one subject which is strictly off limits.’
He raised his hands. ‘Okay, okay, God!’ 
She still hadn’t had her cigarette yet and was determined to have one. ‘I’m going for a cigarette.’
‘Bad timing,’ he said. ‘We’re about to start.’
‘I’ll only be ten minutes,’ she replied walking to the exit door. 
‘If you must, but think about what I’m saying to you,’ he threw at her.
She shook her head. ‘We’re fine, everything is fine. You worry too much.’
‘It’s my job’ Rod said trying to turn it into a joke as he grinned at the session men.
She waggled her finger at him without replying and went through the exit door into the yard. She then realised that she had left her cigarettes in the control room when she normally kept them in a handy pocket.
As luck had it, there was a smoldering stub left by one of the session men in the yard. She picked it up, wiped the filter on her sleeve, took a long drag of the butt and it came back to life. She drew the smoke down into her lungs but found the brand a little too strong for her liking.
Rod had followed her out. ‘Hey,’ he said. ‘You made it look like we just had a lover’s tiff in there!’
‘Sorry, but please, stop analyzing me,’ she said. ‘And stop prying into my private life.’
Rod looked at his watch. ‘Well, I’m sorry but I used to be your private life! And I’m concerned.’
‘About what? Rod, I think you’re overreacting. There’s nothing to be concerned about.’
He suddenly grabbed her arm dislodging the cigarette from her hand and it fell to the ground. Drawing her to him, he pushed his face into hers. ‘Maybe I’m just jealous that you’ve found another guy.’
She stared into his eyes. ‘Rod, you and I had our time, and it was good. But we’re best suited as business partners – leave the romancing to the birds!’ She could feel something going on inside him, perhaps the bubbling up off emotions which he was trying to keep down.
Annoyingly, she too found herself  reacting in a way she didn’t want to. His nearness was having an effect on her. He was also doing that thing again, pushing his fingers into her arms as if he wanted to hurt her. His eyes were focussed on her mouth, suggesting that he wanted to kiss her. Surely all that had died long ago?
However, curiosity kept her rooted to the spot. She was equally curious about her own feelings. Suppose he did kiss her, how would she feel? The moment took on a special vibrancy and she felt her legs weaken slightly.
‘Rod?’
He brought his lips closer to hers as if teasing her. He was studying her as much as she was studying him. Then he laughed, loud and cruelly and gave her a shove. ‘I think it’s time we did some more work,’ he said. ‘I’m not paying the guys in there to sit on their keisters!’
She shook her head, sighed and the moment passed. ‘Good idea.’
‘Let’s go in then.’
‘After you,’ she responded. ‘And let’s start behaving like grown-ups.’
‘I don’t know any other way,’ he replied, tossing his head jokingly like a diva.
‘And please, leave Mark out of this,’ she said.
‘I’m not going to give the guy another thought,’ Rod said opening the exit door.
She followed him into the studio to receive curious looks from the session men. She averted her gaze and went up to the control room.
‘Okay guys,’ Rod said turning to the musicians. ‘We’ll do one more take but without the vocals this time!
Chapter Two
How she hated having a woman’s emotions, and how she hated being teased by Rod. She thought that the feelings she’d previously had for him had long since disappeared. They’d had their fling and Rod had dragged it out, and then he went off with someone else, and someone else after that. Now he was looking at her again with new eyes.
Worse, she was surprised that she might have been game, might have fallen for his old tricks all over again. Back at her apartment, she undressed and quickly got into the shower washing off the smell of the studio, cigarettes, and the city. She wasn’t going to let it bother her. Rod was just a serial womanizer who was trying to come back for seconds.
However, for a moment, the tension did ratchet up a bit there in the studio and she might have let him pull her against him. But she was glad it didn’t happen. She decided to give her hair a quick wash with that new shampoo conditioner she had bought on the way home. It had a tangy lime scent which smelled reviving.
Piping hot water always seemed to have that magical effect on her body and mind. She couldn’t imagine a life without hot water. And the new line of botanicals were amazing. But even they couldn’t erase the thought that Rod may be entertaining designs towards her again. 
What worried her was how weak she had felt when he had grabbed her in the studio yard. If Mark had tried the same thing she would have felt nothing. She could have pulled away without batting an eyelid. Mark perhaps was sneakier, but his impact wasn’t as forceful on her emotions as Rod’s was.
Mark was clearly more sophisticated than Rod, who was cruder and used his fame to bedazzle women. Mark wasn’t famous, although he did have a chain of shops. But he was obliged to use more cunning in his pursuit of women. He invariably chose the well-trodden candle-light and roses route, and always dinner in a restaurant. No cooking at home. It had women coming back for more.
Yes, she thought, she liked the dinners in those expensive out of the way restaurants. Those snug bolt holes that served interesting cuisine. The chefs always seem to have a dish of the day. And an evening with Mark would always leave her with a cosy glow.
However, Mark wouldn’t be too pleased if he knew that his effect on her was relatively minimal. But this wasn’t a bad or unusual thing. Most men tended to have that effect on her anyway. Rod on the other hand proved he was a master in the matters of the heart. He didn’t have to wine or dine her. It seemed that he only had to touch her, and she would melt.
How was that possible when the passion they once had for each other, had burned out?  How can it rekindle itself? It wasn’t normal. Now she kept thinking of him. Thinking of his touch. His warm hands on hers. That evil pinching thing he did with his thumbs. What was that all about? He’d never done that before.
She was annoyed that she had let him see she was still open to his embraces. She should have been firm and repelled him from the off. With this thought in mind she turned off the shower and stepped out onto the little mat and began to vigorously dry herself. Perhaps she could fling the thought of Rod off in the process.
Perhaps it had been brought on by the discovery that she really wasn’t a bad singer after all. She knew she could sing after a fashion but not like Jasmine, their contract singer. Jasmine’s singing talent was consistent, whereas hers was all over the place. But it must have been the frisson of  the moment and the sincere applause from the session men that had made her vulnerable to Rod’s touch. And now Rod was using it.
Jeanie threw down the large pink towel and stood naked in front of the misty mirror. The suspicion that she was really fat was clearly a nonsense. Her build was near perfect. She knew her body well and was always on the lookout for something out of place. She wasn’t too keen on her upper arms which she knew would get bigger. They reminded her of her aunt Lucy Weston’s broad upper arms and so they may have been inherited from her.
Apart from that, her body looked okay, no fatter than it was yesterday. She was glad that she didn’t have a figure like Gail Hughes’, her former tutor. When Jeanie first met her she was really thin and then over the course of a year began to bulge. Then she came quite obese and quickly lost her looks. 
Jeanie felt bad that she hadn’t really kept in touch with her. Gail had done so much for her. An email every five or six months seemed like an ungrateful gesture towards a women who had really inspired her.
Gail had given her so much. She taught Jeanie how to pull compositional ideas out of nowhere. Just playing random chords on a piano and recording them on a tape recorder was one trick. It was amazing what you discovered on playback.
Under Gail’s supervision, Jeanie wrote the first act of a musical complete with the libretto. It was just a college exercise, but it was performed to all the parents, and Aunt Lucy had come along and loved it.
‘You’re a regular Oscar Hammerstein!’ Her aunt had said smothering her in great big hugs with those massive arms of hers. Rodney Cornwall had also given her piece the thumbs up.
‘All you have to do now is finish it,’ he had said with a smile.
That was then and still Rod was having input into her life.
When she and Rod broke up romantically, this input was still there when they formed a company together. Her aunt was worried that pulling away from Rod romantically would be the ruination of her. Especially when he starting going with other women. Her aunt especially didn’t like the idea of Jeanie’s new man Mark, any more than her pet Micky did.
When Jeanie went to see her aunt in San Francisco, it was clear that her aunt was patently worried about her. She had even suggested that perhaps Mark wasn’t right for her, and she had only met him once. But her aunt was self-contradictory. She didn’t really approve of Rod either, but felt she was safer with him.
Jeanie threw on her fluffy dressing gown and wrapped a towel around her head. She would use a dryer later. She stared at her misty reflection in the mirror as she recalled her aunt’s reactions. Her aunt had clearly picked up on something. Something about Mark was wrong in her eyes. Something was missing or lacking. Jeanie was mystified.
Perhaps on one level this was true, Jeanie decided, but there were other compensations. At the moment she life was near perfect. Mark was kind, amusing and he had money and was generous to a fault. In addition, she had a flourishing career and a damned nice apartment and a top notch hybrid car. What more could anyone want?
Her last album, another collaboration with Rod had been adapted for film and had hit number seventeen in the charts. Despite that, sales were good. She and Rod had also begun to license their songs out and other artists were lining up to sing them. Her name was becoming more and more prominent in the industry. So professionally she was doing just great and she had handsome Mark to admire her on the sidelines, even if he didn’t set her heart alight. 
Her life was now in the fast lane, with scarcely a moment to draw breath. Every second counted and was packed with one exciting event after the other. Here a concert, there a presentation; invitations to meet other famous artists; tons of fan mail, offers from prestigious corporates interested in utilising her talents. It was all happening. And then there were those lovely unwinding dinners with Mark afterwards. He was an urbane, calming influence who loved good food and wine and who seemed to enjoy her company. What was there not to be happy about?
However, she did miss her old, old life, back before all the music. She particularly missed her times with her deceased parents, God bless their souls. They had been very well to do. They loved to live the family life to the hilt. When she was a kid, they were always going out and about to restaurants, clubs, visiting places like Yosemite, the Rockies. Visiting virtually every city America, Disneyland. Her life had been packed.
They also went a lot to Europe – London, Paris Berlin, Rome. She had even picked up a bit of Italian. Her father had owned a fish canning plant in Chicago and so had money to burn and he spent it on his family, and they saw the world. As a result she was well travelled and sophisticated in her own right.
The problem with this situation was that as soon as she had made friends in one place, they were off galivanting again. It was hard to form relationships with outsiders when you were constantly on the move. But that was why she began to retreat into herself and take up music. It offered a kind of substitute for companionship outside of the one she had with her parents. It had begun as a casual pastime and then began to take up more and more of her time.
Whenever they visited a foreign country, she would always make a beeline for the historic churches and holy places because invariably they had a piano or an organ. Although, she eventually managed to persuade her father to buy her a proper Rhodes keyboard that professional musicians used. This ended up travelling with her, going wherever she went.
The result of living an itinerant lifestyle with two fundamentally irresponsible but rich parents was that she saw a lot of life. She saw how others lived, rich and poor. She realised that when people said that money wasn’t everything, they were quite mistaken.
When her parents died under tragic circumstances it was the money which acted as the band aid. It might have explained why Aunt Lucy Weston was so keen to take her in. It was financially advantageous to do so. Although from Jeanie’s perspective, her aunt’s motives were whiter than white. But other members of the family were jealous and then when the money mysteriously just all ran out, her aunt become a resented pariah.
Jeanie, at that time didn’t seem to realise that her aunt was not as financially savvy as she made people think she was. A string of failed businesses drained the last of the funds which had been left in trust for Jeanie. As a fund manager, her aunt proved quite naïve, placing her faith in dubious men and doubtful schemes.
In the end, her aunt and Jeanie had to move into smaller accommodation, and eventually gave up the housemaid and then the car. The final straw was when he aunt had to get a job. But fortunately she had a good college degree and wound up as a Personal Assistant which paid moderately well and kept the wolf from the door.
Jeanie began to understand what the causes were behind their fall and resolved to try and get back what they had lost. Music seemed to be a good way of doing this. But it wasn’t an overnight fix, and her aunt was determined to help her niece in that quest. Some instinct told Aunt Lucy that as the child of successful parents, Jeanie too might become a success in her own right. This was how she ended up at the Coleridge Faculty of Music.
Now, here Jeanie was, years down the line trying to move forward, but somehow still being stuck to Rod, who was really a relic of her young past. It didn’t help that he was making eyes at her again. She couldn’t figure out what was motivating him. Where women were concerned he could pick and choose, so why was he focusing on her again. It was a bit of a low blow that he suggested that her relationship with Mark was affecting her work. Was this jealousy talking?
Thinking too much always made Jeanie  hungry and so she went into the kitchen and started to make some soup, throwing a stock cube and a celery stick into a pot. Mark would have approved, she thought. As a foodie he always liked a recipe which had something fresh in it. That’s what she liked about him, his logic about things always made sense.
Rod on the other hand was a man of emotion which sometimes masqueraded as logic. If he didn’t feel something was right he would find excuses to support his point of view. But perhaps that was what everyone did. However, in Rod’s case it made him dangerous, especially if you didn’t know how to please him. Sometimes he wouldn’t even let you be nice to him. He would view attempts to placate him as insulting.
When she was in the thick of their ‘affair’, all those years ago, as she referred to it, it was like being on a roller coaster. It was safer on a big dipper than being around Rod when he had a bee in his bonnet. Neither did it help that he drank, but he had never used violence against her. Only the verbal kind.
Of course as an associate professor at her last college, Rod had many involvements with female students. He was an advocate of the exchange network where he bestowed good grades for favours. For a talented man who was so gifted, this was ignominious of him. She knew this and viewed it as completely unethical, and yet she had still succumbed to his charms. However, looking back, she recalled a number of occasions when she herself had written essays for her college friends, so she wasn’t so morally high and mighty. She was known as a swot and so her peers were always asking her for homework help.
Perhaps in a way she was as bad as Rod. In fact, as she recalled, fellow students would bring her cheap and cheerful takeouts in exchange for homework done, which was like bribery in a way. It made her wonder if she and Rod were birds of a feather. Certainly, he wasn’t easy to dismiss. When Rod dug his  thumbs into her palms it was like he was saying something to her. Perhaps warning her that he was laying down new roots into her mind and soul.
Suddenly a bark from Micky caught her off guard and she realised that someone was knocking on her front door. She turned down the heat under the soup pot, tightened her dressing gown and went to see who it was. She wasn’t unduly concerned as her next door neighbour often gave her a knock.
She checked her electronic door camera and saw that it was Mark with a bunch of flowers. He was such a ‘suck-up’! She sighed and opened the door with a polite smile.
He shoved the flowers into her arms and grabbed her and kissed her on the lips. ‘You cooking something?’ he asked.
She was going to answer when he kissed her again and squeezed her around the waist. She could smell his cologne which was mixed with the odour of vodka. She received his kiss and then reluctantly kissed him back, which she didn’t often do, not in this way at the front door.
Thoughts of Rod had somehow put her in a sensuous mood. When Rod had touched her out in the studio yard it had put her off balance and made her want more. Now that Mark was here, she could act it out.
Mark gave her a funny look. ‘I think I’m winning you around,’ he said in a seductive voice.
‘Don’t make too many assumptions,’ she replied releasing herself from his grip. ‘And don’t tell me you were just passing and happened to buy these on the way.’ She looked at the flowers. ‘They’re lovely by the way.’
He nodded. ‘Thanks. I hope you haven’t eaten?’
She closed the front door. ‘Why?’
‘Because we’ve been invited to a rooftop party,’ he informed her. ‘So put something on quickly!’
She knotted her eyebrows. ‘Rooftop? You know I don’t have a head for heights.’
He smiled and glanced down at Micky who was observing him from the other side of the lounge. ‘Seriously get dressed. It’s couples only,’ he said. ‘Radcliffe Cohn, CEO of Mayers department store has invited me. It might be a chance to get my jewelry onto 5th Avenue!’ 
Jeanie nodded. Radcliffe Cohn’s stores actually stocked Coolabah’s merchandise, CDs and DVDs, via a wholesaler, although she didn’t know the man personally. She had seen the man on tv and was struck by how ordinary he looked for a retail billionaire. Bald, podgy with glasses and with no idea how to really dress. ‘I’ve seen him on Bloomberg, and he sells our stuff.’
‘That’s right! What a coincidence!’ he said.
‘Hmm, but I would have liked some more notice,’ she said.
‘I only found out an hour ago, he replied. ‘But I’m not complaining. He must want me to go for a reason.’
She smiled and walked back towards her kitchen. ‘No, sorry Mark, it’s not really convenient. Couldn’t you get your business partner, Dave, to go with you?’
Mark walked into the kitchen and looked down at the pot of soup on the stove. ‘Hmm, celery,’ he said.
‘Too much rich food is bad for you,’ she replied as she turned the stove off.
He nodded. ‘Just stick to the party minibites,’ he said. ‘Come on, it will be interesting! What’s the problem?’
She shrugged. ‘I’m not in the mood to be conversational with a bunch of strangers.’ She stared at him. She also didn’t like him just turning up like this.
‘This bunch of strangers could end  up making me a lot richer,’ he said. ‘Please, you’ll be doing me a big favour. Dave can’t come because he’s in Washington. Wear something which shows a bit of leg.’
Her face was impassive. ‘My legs aren’t for display, not tonight at any rate.’
‘Okay then, just bling yourself up!’ he said. ‘You can be my jewelry manikin for the evening.’
She looked at him thoughtfully. ‘Maybe that’s all I am to you. A living manikin?’
He laughed. ‘More like a living doll!’
She shook her head. ‘No really, I’m just not in the mood. I’ve had a long day and frankly I’m pooped.’
He frowned. ‘Don’t be so mean.’
‘I’m just tired,’ she said.
He put his hand on her arm. ‘All you have to do is stand there with me and smile every so often. It would look bad if I went on my own.’
‘Don’t you have any other friends who could go with you?’ she said. 
‘Yes, but they’re not as beautiful or almost famous as you.’
‘Almost famous?’ she said. ‘What’s the difference between famous and almost famous then?’
‘You know what I mean,’ he said.
She was beginning to feel pressurised when all she wanted to do was relax. ‘Look, maybe another time. My back is aching so much that all I want to do is veggie out in front of the tv.’
‘Look,’ he said. ‘We’ll just stay a couple of hours and then come back home.’
She shook her head. ‘Honestly, I’m ready to drop right now.’
‘Really?’
‘Honest injun,’ she replied patting him on the arm. ‘My current work schedule is a killer. I’m right in the middle of a new album and there have been some issues.’
He pulled her into a tight embrace. ‘And so that means you have to neglect me?’
Jeanie could feel his irritation despite his calm exterior. ‘No one is neglecting you. We are just talking about tonight and the fact that I’m dog tired.’
‘Well, so am I, if I’m honest,’ he replied. ‘I’m tired of you telling me to go take a hike!’
‘When have I ever used that expression?’ she said.
‘Not in so many words,’ he said. 
She sighed. ‘I’m sorry you feel that way. But this is an important time for me work-wise. I have to preserve what energy I’ve got sometimes.’
He sniggered in a dry sort of way. ‘So that means just brushing me off when it would mean so much to me.’
She took a step back. ‘Mark, we have been to God knows how many restaurants in our time together. When have I ever brushed you off, really?’
‘Jeanie,’ he said grabbing her again. ‘This time I really could use your support. Just a couple of hours of your time could help skyrocket my corporate profile.’
She considered what he was saying and could appreciate his sentiments. In a way he was like Rod insisting on her cooperation, and there she was being stubborn. Or was she just being reasonable? 
‘Mark, another time, really.’
He shook his head. ‘Well, I think you owe me something. And you’ve never really given yourself to me.’
‘Are we talking about sex now?’
He nodded. ‘Yes and that. You know how much I want you.’
‘I think we’re alright in that department,’ she replied. ‘We’re still growing together.’
‘Growing?’ he said. ‘I think we’ve done a lot of growing together. I think you know me, and I believe I know you. We’re there already!’
‘It involves a lot more than that,’ she said.
‘That just sounds like an excuse to me,’ he said, his voice edgy.
Jeanie had to admit, even to herself that in a way she was being mean to him. After all, it was part of what a man wanted from a woman, and she was denying him. ‘No, it’s not an excuse. I’m just a slow starter, always have been.’
Taking her hand he dropped his voice. ‘Slow isn’t the word! But I can’t help having these feelings for you.’
‘Hmm,’ she said.
‘Okay, what about this,’ he said with a smile. ‘We go to the party, stay there an hour and then come back and…’
She held up her hand. ‘I think we’re going around in circles.’
Just as she had said this Micky went flying towards the door barking. There had been another knock. Frowning, Jeanie went to the door and checked the CCTV monitor and was shocked to see Rod standing outside. She paused indecisively and then opened the door while holding the dog back with her other hand.
Rod was all self-conscious grins. ‘Oh, are you just going to bed?’
Jeanie was momentarily lost for words. ‘Rod…’
He touched her arm. ‘Say, is this a bad time?’
‘You should have phoned,’ she replied.
Rod blinked as Micky managed to escape from his mistress and jump up at him. It was clear that the dog loved him.
Mark, who had been standing in the shadows in the hallway came out into the light. Rod stared at him in surprise. ‘Oh,’ he said.
‘You remember Mark?’ Jeanie said. 
‘Yes of course,’ Rod said shortly as he patted Micky on the head. ‘Mark Klassberger, the jewelry man!’
Mark stared down at the floor. ‘That’s me.’
‘Your I.P.O went well,’ Rod said referring to Mark’s recent stock exchange floatation. ‘I’ve been following it.’
 ‘I’m honoured,’ Mark said looking up.
 ‘Maybe I should go,’ Rod said.
‘Let the man in and give him a quick drink,’ Mark said in a friendly voice. ‘Then we can go to the party.’
‘You’d better come in,’ Jeanie said tiredly stepping aside to let Rod go ahead of her into the lounge. She shut the front door firmly behind him.
‘I’ll do the honours if you like,’ Mark said sauntering over to the mini bar in the corner of the lounge. ‘What will it be?’
‘Whatever,’ Rod replied. ‘Vodka.’
‘Same,’ Jeanie said. She was losing control.
Mark expertly prepared the drinks and handed one to Rod who came over to get it. Jeanie followed suit.
‘Sit down, please,’ Jeanie said tiredly, not feeling remotely up to the task of playing host. She was also annoyed that her hair looked a mess, and she didn’t have any makeup on, having just had a shower. She took a seat on the corner of the sofa.
Rod perched himself near her. ‘Hmm,’ he said.
Mark remained standing at the bar as he fumbled for some conversation. ‘So how’s the music business?’
‘Ok,’ Rod said. ‘Although the new streaming platforms aren’t doing us musicians too many favours.’
‘Right,’ Mark said. 
‘And from what I’ve seen of your company, stock wise you’ve become favour of the month,’ Rod said. ‘That’s no small thing!’
Mark laughed. ‘That’s one way of putting it. As long as we move with the times we’ll be okay.’
‘Perhaps in jewelry retail that isn’t too difficult,’ Rod said.
‘Well, innovation in jewelry design is quite easy,’ Mark observed. ‘At the moment chunky is in.’
‘Chunky and expensive I should imagine,’ Rod quipped with a laugh taking a deep swig of his drink. ‘I think as long as women keep wearing jewelry you’ll always have a market for it. It looks so  great on them.’
‘Thank you,’ Jeanie said. She gazed at Rod’s earnest expression. He looked as if butter wouldn’t melt in his mouth, but if anyone knew about women, he did. He was a serial seducer of them. But Jeanie hated to think of her music partner in that way. It filled her with awkward emotions.
Mark was nodding. ‘I think if women weren’t so beautiful I wouldn’t be in the business.’ He winked at Jeanie. ‘I’d be in construction or something competing with the Mafia!’
Rod laughed. ‘Good luck with that one!’
‘Luckily, I don’t have to do that,’ Mark said.
‘Me either!’ Rod said. ‘I prefer designing music jewelry for women’s vocal chords.’
‘Oh very good!’ Jeanie said finding that the vodka was reviving her energy. 
Rod smiled, ‘Thanks.’
‘The man’s a natural wit!’ Mark said amiably.
‘Quite brilliant sometimes,’ Jeanie chipped in.
Rod took a sip of his drink. ‘Really?’
Jeanie nodded. ‘You are one of the wittiest and cleverest men I know, and that includes you Mark.’
‘We’re a regular pair of geniuses,’ Mark replied.
‘And when you come out with a range of jewelry for men, I’ll be first in the queue,’ Rod said, but his tone was slightly off. 
‘We do already!’ Mark said. He gave Jeanie a hard look. 
‘Oh! My bad,’ Rod said quickly.
‘Very bad!’ Jeanie rebuked him with a smile. ‘The range for men has been out since the company started.’ 
‘Hey, don’t be so hard on him,’ Mark said. ‘He’s probably been too busy to notice.’
‘Busy is all he ever is,’ Jeanie said.
Rod pulled a face. ‘Is that a criticism?’
‘Maybe,’ Jeanie said.
Rod shrugged as he finished off his drink. ‘Just because the public are starting to notice her, she thinks she’s now entitled to criticise guys like me, who dragged her up from obscurity! Who gave her, her first chance!’
Jeanie glared at him.
‘I know what you’re saying,’ Mark said. ‘Anyone for a refill?’
Rod got up from the chair and brought his glass over to the mini bar. ‘Same again, boss.’
Mark smiled and refilled Rod’s glass. ‘Don’t let it bother you. Some people just get too big for their boots.’ He gave Jeanie a wink.
Jeanie looked at him not knowing how to take this. ‘Sounds like you’re talking about yourself, Mark!’
‘You think so?’ Mark said moving his head back. ‘Well let me tell you, my boots have always felt very comfortable on my feet, thank you very much!’
Jeanie got up from the sofa. ‘Size eleven aren’t they? Hah, well if you ever get that spot on Fifth Avenue we’ll probably have to get you a bigger pair!’
Mark smiled without comment.
Rod shook his head. ‘She’s always got an answer for everything.’
She stared at him. ‘You’re not the only one with a mind, Rod.’
‘Gee, thanks,’ Rod said giving her a dark look. ‘But Mark, watch out, this one can be sneaky!’
Jeanie was offended by this. ‘Rod, if you can’t say anything nice then don’t…’
‘… say anything at all?’ Rod said finishing her sentence. ‘But it’s true. People don’t know where they stand with you.’
Jeanie sighed heavily. ‘Well, Rod, I’m afraid I’m going to have to ask you to make tracks now, because I’ve got a billionaire’s party to go to.’
‘Oh?’ Rod said.
‘Yup, so I need to get changed now,’ she said walking to the bedroom. ‘See yourself out.’
The eyes of the men followed her as she walked to the bedroom door, opened it and went in. She went over to the built-in wardrobe to quickly pick something suitable to wear. Why she had suddenly changed her mind about the party she couldn’t say. She chose the green two piece suit and pulled some lingerie out of the draw and dumped it on the chair.
Removing her dressing gown, she suddenly turned to see the door opening and quickly covered herself. Rod came in without knocking. He stared at her and closed the door behind him.
‘Rod, what the hell are you doing, I’m changing!’ she said annoyed. ‘Please go out!’
‘Just one second,’ he replied looking at her failed attempt to hide her nakedness behind her gown. He could see her rear reflection in the vanity table mirror.
‘Do you want me to call Mark?’ she threatened.
He shrugged. ‘I’m just here to tell you that I want you at the studio at six am tomorrow for an emergency conference. Maybe going to a late night party tonight isn’t a good idea.’
‘Six? That’s a little early even for you,’ she replied moving sideways to the chair. ‘What’s the emergency?’
‘We’ll discuss it tomorrow.’
‘Is this to do with our new album?’ she asked.
‘That and other issues,’ he said. ‘Even the session guys have been complaining.’
Jeanie was puzzled. ‘Complaining about what?’
Rod sighed. ‘The guys say you never talk to them directly, only ever through me or Clive.’
‘Huh?
He nodded. ‘They say that you treat them like they’re not there. And this effects their playing.’
Jeanie shook her head. ‘Look, I need to put some clothes on!’
‘Jeanie, I admire your talent, but you can’t behave like a diva in the studio,’ he said ignoring her request for him to go.
‘I’ll behave as I want!’ she retorted. ‘If the session men don’t like it they can get the hell out. Session players are two a penny.’
Rod smiled cynically. ‘See this is the attitude they’re picking up on. And some of that vibe ends up on the recordings.’
‘If you say so, Rod,’ she said glaring at him. ‘But I tell you what, you need to go now or I don’t know what…’
‘Oh yeah?’ he said showing annoyance.
‘Rod, I’m going to start laying down some new red lines’ she said. ‘First, you can keep your nose out of my private life. If I want to go to a party, I damn well will! Second, I don’t want you coming to my apartment unannounced…’
‘Oh, is that so?’ he said his eyes burning into hers.
‘Yes, that is so,’ she said standing her ground.
He took a step towards her and then suddenly grabbed her and kissed her deeply on the lips. She was completely surprised by his actions. He seemed determined to resurrect what was long past. For a moment she thought he was going to hit her. He kissed her again deeply and she suddenly felt herself go weak even though Mark was only in the next room. 
There was a sudden electricity between their tongues, a pulse which she couldn’t resist. Their embrace had all the heat of a burning cauldron and she found herself getting drawn more and more into it. It was just like the old says. Her gown fell to the floor and he ran his hands down towards her thighs. She now felt completely powerless in his arms and didn’t care if Mark did walk in.
Rod knew he had her and he pressed himself against her, drinking in her femaleness. She responded in kind, and he was quick to respond to her need for him; her soft white flesh burning under his hands. In fact, his hands seemed charged with the sort of magic he manifested at the piano. They had easily found the music in her nakedness. 
Then,  he quite unexpectantly pushed her away from him and stood staring at her body, running his eyes over her breasts and thighs. She made no attempt to pick up the gown that was still on the floor.
He stared for a long moment, as if trying to memorize every inch of her and then gave her a dark frowning look. But he already knew her body quite well. Maybe he was just checking for any recent changes. ‘This was just a warning,’ he said. The intense spell was abruptly broken. 
‘What?’ she stuttered as he turned and went to the door. She reached down and picked up the dressing gown and put it on.
She could hear the two men talking and even laughing. Were they mocking her? Then there was the sound of footsteps as Rod made his way out of the apartment. Jeanie wondered what they had said to each other.
Chapter Three
Jeanie was late for the conference the next day which was to take place in their studio’s control room. The studio suite was part of an arts complex in Los Angeles which was fully equipped with studio hardware and was therefore expensive to hire. Another day had been booked and so the time had to be used productively.
There was just Rod and Clive, the producer, and the cleaner who quickly disappeared. When Jeanie arrived she was hungover and wished she had never gone to that Billionaire’s shindig on that chilly downtown rooftop. She didn’t even get to meet the billionaire himself. But Mark was grateful that she had gone. 5th Avenue New York was now within his grasp, where the billionaire’s main department store was.  However, if Rod was expecting her to sing, he’d be disappointed. Her voice was now badly croaky from all that smoke she had inhaled at the party the previous night.
Rod held out his hand. ‘I’ve acted badly, sorry. Please sit down.’
She shrugged and sat down without comment.
‘Can I get you a coffee,’ Clive said going to get her one anyway.
Jeanie was bemused. Something was up. Rod just kept smiling at her. But she hated it when people were too nice to her. It was a strain because it meant that she had to be nice in her turn. But she wasn’t in the mood.
Frankly, she’d rather be on a permanent war footing with him. She wasn’t one for the artifices of diplomacy. She preferred to speak her mind. Knowing him for all those years entitled her to do this, even if he used to be her revered tutor.
‘I’ve asked you here this early to consider singing four of the tracks on the album,’ Rod said. ‘I’ve spoken to Jasmine and she’s fine about that as long as her share of the mechanical royalties isn’t reduced. It’s time Jeanie that we thought about your career as a performer.’
Jeanie took the coffee that Clive passed to her but still didn’t speak. To be honest she didn’t entirely trust what Rod was saying. It had all the hallmarks of a sting.
Rod looked at her. ‘So what do you think?’
‘Give me fifteen minutes,’ she replied. ‘Let me just drink this!’ She got up and left the control room and went down into the studio proper and sat at the piano with her coffee. The two men in the control room continued talking as they watched her.
At that moment Lamar, the black saxophone player, came into the studio proper and walked up to the piano. He was holding his saxophone case. ‘Hi, Jeanie, did Rod play it to you yet?’
She looked up and frowned. Lamar was the only session guy she actually liked. He wasn’t a sneak like the others. ‘Played what?’
His eyes widened ‘My song.’
‘Song? No,’ she replied. She studied his handsome eager face. He was in his early thirties with a football player’s physique and a college graduate’s informed manner.  To his credit he had actually gone to music school to learn his instrument and he was an accomplishes pianist. He also had a natural air of musical authority about him.
But not only was he working on her album, he was involved in a couple of other professional projects as well and knew the business inside out. When he spoke she would listen.
Lamar looked up at control room. ‘Morning guys,’ he said.
Clive and Rod waved back at him. He looked at Jeanie. ‘You okay?’
‘Got a headache,’ Jeanie replied. ‘Was partying to way past three. I’ve literally only had an hour’s sleep.’
He pulled a face. ‘I’ve been there. Actually for me it’s a way of life.’
She acknowledge this with a nod. ‘Men can take it.’
‘Maybe, he said. ‘Oh by the way, you did a great job the other day. Man do you have a set of pipes!’
‘Thanks Lamar,’ she said. ‘But I don’t think I can sing today! Obviously, you can’t mix business with pleasure. No more parties for me!’
‘Never say –‘no more’, or ‘never again’,’ he advised. ‘It will make you do it all the more!’
‘You may have a point,’ she replied.
Rod and Clive were looking intently at her from the control room.
‘I guess I better go up,’ Jeanie said.
‘No way,’ Lamar said. ‘You finish your coffee first, don’t let those bullies push you around!’
If Rod or Clive had heard this in the control room, they didn’t react.
It was then that Jasmine, their contracted vocalist came into the control room and sat opposite Rod and started to talk to him.
‘And pay no mind to Jasmine either,’ Lamar said lowering her voice. ‘She’s just a user. I knew her when she was with producer Pete Landice. But I heard that Rod might be doing an album solely with her.’
Jeanie nodded. ‘Really?’ She hadn’t heard this bit of gossip, but perhaps this was an unsubstantiated rumour. Rumours did tend to circulate in the music business. She continued to watch Rod and Jasmine. She saw Clive put her hand on Jasmine’s back as they laughed about something. Rod then bent forward and whispered something in her ear.
‘So you’ve written a song?’ Jeanie said drinking from her coffee cup. She looked up again at the control room window. Jasmine now had a hand on Rod’s arm. Clive was looking on.
‘Yeah, a jazz number and Jasmine wants to sing it,’ Lamar informed her as he leant on the grand piano. ‘And I know you’re not really a vocalist, just a writer on this project, but I said no. I want you to sing it.’
‘Well I’m flattered Lamar, but my singing experience is strictly limited,’ Jeanie said.
Lamar clicked his tongue. ‘Listen I got ears. I liked what I heard the other day. Besides Jasmine’s voice isn’t right for it. You got class Jeanie! Don’t let her get the upper hand here.’
‘Keep your voice down, man,’ Jeanie warned him. ‘They can probably hear you.’
As he said that Jeanie saw Jasmine suddenly sit on Rod’s lap up in the control room and there was much laughter. She quickly got off and Rod gave her a slap on the arm which Jasmine quickly returned in a playful manner.  Jeanie frowned. What the hell was going on?
Lamar was also watching. ‘You can see she’s a Godamm hoe!’
Jeanie eyes flared up at his language. ‘Hey, better not let Rod hear you say that! Besides, maybe a little competition from Jasmine is what I need. I’ve got to admit I surprised myself the other day. You don’t know what you can do until you try.’
‘That’s the spirit,’ Lamar said giving her a sincere encouraging smile. ‘But take it from me – you are worth ten Jasmine’s.’
‘Shh, but thanks, Lamar that means a lot,’ Jeanie replied.
However, Lamar’s words worried her. She had never thought she would have the problem of viewing a contracted singer as competition. As a director of their record label this would normally never be a problem for her. Jasmine was a disposable item in theory even if she was under contract. Of course that depended on how Rod viewed Jasmine, and it seemed he liked her a lot. So there may be some substance to what Lamar had said.
But the fact that Jasmine had been involved in at least three compilation albums already showed she had longevity. Perhaps to survive in the long run Jeanie had better start singing, something she didn’t particularly enjoy doing in public. Although she liked writing songs and then doing a demo of them, performing them in a studio or on the stage was another matter. Jasmine, however, had a load of experience in that area and was a reliable timekeeper and performer. If Rod asked her to come in in the middle of the night she would be there.
But Jeanie and Jasmine’s singing styles were very different. Jasmine’s voice seemed better suited to American country music and even soul, whereas Jeanie’s was best suited to more staid theatrical music. Maybe she did have a jazz voice. The classiness of her voice was due to the element of overcontrol and perhaps this was bad habit.
Jasmine’s style was enviable and could get a crowd worked up. But the time Jeanie performed in public could be counted on one hand and had hardly electrified her audience. Perhaps Jeanie should have gone in for more classical music, like opera. However, the other day she had demonstrated that she could reach notes which she thought were beyond her. She wondered if Jasmine would be able to do the same and was sure she could.
But the last thing she need was for Jasmine to start dominating their future album releases. On the current album Rod was singing three of the songs as he had a good voice, and Jasmine was doing the rest. But it appeared that Rod had struck a new deal with Jasmine. According to Lamar, it seemed that Rod was promising her a whole album. And this was in return for letting Jeanie do a few of the songs on the current one. Perhaps this was really all about Jasmine’s career and not hers.
Looking at Jasmine in the control room she could tell she and Rod were quite strongly bonded. He was just being too touchy feely with her. In fact, at one point he had even patted her on her bottom – it was disgusting. However, Jeanie had never felt any real antagonism from Jasmine. Jasmine seemed to offer her all the proper respect accorded to her position as one of the directors of the record company.
Although thinking back, Jeanie did remember that Jasmine had been a little off with her recently. Perhaps Jasmine was sensing that she now had an advantage.
Rod clicked down the intercom switch. ‘You coming back up and does the mountain have to go to Muhammad?’
Lamar grinned at her as Jeanie got to her feet. ‘I’m coming,’ she said.
‘Good,’ Rod replied over the intercom, giving her an icy look. ‘This is supposed to be a conference.’
Jeanie quickened her pace as she made her way to the control room. Opening the door she went in and Jasmine gave her a cool glance. ‘Hi, Jeanie!’
‘Jasmine, how’s it going?’
‘Yeah, fine thanks,’ Jasmine answered with a flick of her head.
Rod gave Jeanie nasty look. ‘Do you know what? We’d better leave it for today. I think we all know what the situation is.’
‘What are you talking about?’ Jeanie asked. ‘You called me in for a conference, so let’s get on with it.’
Rod rose from his seat. ‘We’ll talk when you’re more in the mood.’
‘I’m in the mood! So what gives?’ Jeanie said.
Rod frowned. ‘What was Lamar saying to you?’
Jeanie blinked. ‘Weren’t you listening over the intercom?’ 
Rod didn’t answer but cast an angry look towards Lamar in the studio who was sitting on the piano stool fiddling with his saxophone. ‘We’ll continue this conversation tomorrow!’
Jeanie shrugged. ‘Jesus! Well suit yourself!’
Jasmine gave her a deadpan look and Rod went over to a big stack of CDs and started to rifle through them.
For a second Jeanie was stunned and embarrassed in front of Jasmine. She felt as if Rod had just thrust a knife into her heart which was a silly way to feel really.
‘Are you still here?’ he said over his shoulder. 
‘The hell with you!’ she threw back at him. ‘You seemed to be forgetting that I’m a director on this label! You don’t talk to me like that in front of our employees!’
Clive laughed. ‘Oh, wow!’
‘What are you laughing at?’ Jeanie said turning on Clive.
‘Nothing Jeanie, sorry.’
‘To hell with you too!’ Jeanie said clenching her fists and marching out of the control room. She went down to the studio and winked at Lamar who looked up from the stool. 
‘Put your demo tape on my desk, if you don’t mind!’ she said.
‘Okay, Jeanie,’ Lamar said his eyes glancing up at the control room. ‘And thanks!’
‘My pleasure,’ Jeanie said as she exited the studio.
*   *   *
Jeanie’s body truly felt as if it had been in a train crash, thanks to that party. Hopefully, it wasn’t a sign that she was burning out, even at her young age. She was tired beyond words. Her Spanish cleaner, Lilly, had fed and littered the dog and Jeanie was debating whether to take the dog out for a walk. However, her legs and head just ached too much.
She was in her dressing gown and didn’t want to do anything strenuous. In bare feet, she padded over to one of the large picture windows in the lounge and gazed out at the city. Apart from the weather, from this height, the only thing that ever changed was when contractors erected another skyscraper.
She then slowly turned and went and lay on her beloved Italian sofa and dozed off. The dog jumped up next to her and got comfortable next to her lap. It was always warm in the lounge because of the way the triple-glazed windows magnified the sun’s rays. They invariably made her feel sleepy.
She must have slept for forty-five minutes and awoke feeling quite angry towards Rod and Jasmine. It appeared that they were now as thick as thieves, as her mother used to say. Jasmine, who had never appeared to be a threat before, had obviously been quietly biding her time. Now suddenly she was Rod’s poster girl of the month. Jeanie sat up and Micky came to life.
‘Who’s a good boy then! Whoos a good booy den!’ Jeanie gushed, picking the dog up and giving him a big cuddle.
Micky licked her face and then rolled on his back on the expensive sofa. Jeanie tickled his belly and the little dog’s face just gazed up at her, his black eyes like grapes oozing love for his mistress.
It bemused Jeanie that Micky was more fond of Rod than Mark. Mark was the kinder one out of the two men. Surely Micky’s instincts should have told him that? If the dog could speak it would probably surprise her, not the actual speaking but the content. 
Rod had the same appeal for women, Jeanie decided. It must have been a pheromone thing. Rod only needed to look at them in that way of his and they would magnetically do his bidding. Jasmine was behaving in the same way. 
Jasmine was clearly a woman of many affairs and yet here she was fixated on an older man. It must simply have been the fact that he was the head of an independent record label and he could help her career. It couldn’t have been a genuine attraction, surely?
But Jeanie knew she was fooling herself with that thought. When Rod had come into her bedroom the other night and kissed her while she was naked, she had felt excited, alive. Despite being an old flame, he was rekindling all those old emotions that she used to feel for him. It had aroused her that his eyes had looked down at her bare breasts and had seemed interested in going further.
When Rod had stormed off that evening, she almost felt disappointed. And going to that Billionaire’s party with Mark had distracted her from any further analysis. But if Rod hadn’t have shown up she wouldn’t have gone. Perhaps she had made a bad choice for that evening? Now she was paying for it in fatigue. Even that little sleep on the sofa didn’t do much to revive her.
Thinking of Rod’s face as he had held her in her bedroom was eye opening. There was unconcealed lust in his stare. If Mark hadn’t been there anything could have happened. She was certain that Rod would have pushed her on the bed.
But seeing Rod at the studio today was like looking at another man. But then she knew he had a Jekyll and Hyde personality and could flip from one to the other. At the moment he clearly had designs on Jasmine. Jeanie now felt that she was the outsider, even though she was Rod’s business partner and was co-financing their musical collaborations. This included, hiring the studio, paying rent on the adjacent offices, eking out for the session musicians, keeping Jasmine on a contractual retainer, covering advertising etc. It was no small thing.
Jeanie recalled Rod’s rudeness to her in front of Jasmine. Jasmine must have loved it. Just who in the hell did Rod think he was? Surely there were employment laws against this sort of thing? She couldn’t make up her mind what category to put his bad behaviour in. Was it sexual harassment? Does the fact that they were once lovers invalidate the charge?
As Jeanie chewed over these abstruse concepts the phone rang. It was a traditional house phone connected to the wall and positioned next to the sofa. Jeanie picked it up. It was her aunt Lucy Weston.
‘Hey, Jeanie! How are you?’ her aunt said. ‘You were supposed to phone me on Tuesday, remember? About the hoedown?’
‘Oh, God sorry auntie.’
‘I mean it’s only once a year,’ her aunt said. ‘And I won’t ask you to sing, I promise.’
Jeanie laughed. ‘No actually if I can come I will!’
‘Oh lovely! So how are things?’
‘Up and down,’ Jeanie replied. ‘You?’
‘Yeah busy, your uncle Ray’s fine, in case you were going to ask!’ her aunt said.
Uncle Ray wasn’t Jeanie’s real uncle, he was her aunt’s boyfriend.
‘Oh, good,’ Jeanie said. ‘Tell him hi.’
‘I will. But I can tell something is up,’ her aunt continued. ‘Trouble at the office?’
Jeanie rubbed her neck which was a little stiff from lying on the sofa. ‘You could say that.’
‘I’m sorry to hear that,’ her aunt said sympathetically.
‘It’s all stupid stuff really,’ Jeanie told her. ‘There are some problems with our new project but it’s no big deal.’ She looked over at Micky who was suddenly standing stock still near the hallway his expression alert. But it was only someone putting leaflets around. One came through her door and floated down to the mat.
‘Did you say problems?’ her aunt said down the phone.
‘Yeah, Rod and I have been at loggerheads again.’
Her aunt sounded thoughtful. ‘Don’t let it worry you. He can’t sack you, can he?’
‘No, but he was damned rude to me and in front of our singer as well,’ she said.
‘No! The sonofa…’
‘That’s what I thought,’ Jeanie said.
‘Look, don’t let it eat you up,’ her aunt advised. ‘He needs you more than you need him.’
‘You think?’
‘I know so!’ her aunt said. ‘But I never did like him anyway. He’s a philanderer. I didn’t say anything when you first got with him because I thought he would be good for your career. But he even went with Gail Hughes, your old music teacher and she had a nervous breakdown over it.’
‘Rod told me that he and she had a fling,’ Jeanie said. ‘And I knew she became a bit unwell and put on a load of weight. But I didn’t realise it was over him.’
‘Yes, it was all over him, the big jerk!’ her aunt said with disgust. 
‘Who told you?’ 
‘Everyone one at her college knew and I got to hear of it,’ her aunt said.
‘Okay,’ Jeanie said. 
‘And then there was that lady police captain,’ her aunt said. ‘But that’s another story.’
‘Oh really? I never heard that one!’
‘But I must say Gail did get over it in the end,’ her aunt said. ‘So, have you spoken to her lately?  Gail I mean.’
‘Well, I drop her an email every so often,’ Jeanie answered. ‘But things aren’t the same as they were.’
‘I know what you’re saying,’ her aunt said. ‘But if you want some advice, think about cutting yourself loose from the guy, in time. I know this is difficult as he’s your business partner.’
Jeanie nodded to herself. She realised that if she never made the attempt to move on, she would probably get stuck in a rut. She could easily end up being dependent on Rod forever. The music flowed through her soul and mind naturally, but it was all the other stuff, the business stuff which was tiresome. And Rod was good at it.
He was also so damned secretive. She never knew what he was really doing in his private life. She knew he liked women and pursued them, but it was all so hush hush. Jeanie sighed and suddenly felt sad and isolated which was ridiculous. She was talking to her aunt, wasn’t she?
 ‘Actually, I have a favour to ask you,’ Jeanie said. ‘I’ll come to the hoedown if you come to the opening show of our up-and-coming short promotion tour. We’re doing a ten city tour on the west coast to promote our new album. So it will be near you. We have this spectacular singer called Jasmine Althea who will be carrying most of the show. But there’s a chance I’ll be doing a couple of numbers, as much as I don’t want to. And Rod will be doing some songs too.’
Her aunt laughed. ‘You’re getting brave in your old age! But yeah. Me and Ray would love to come!’
‘Of course you’ll be getting complementary tickets,’ Jeanie said.
Finally, they ended the call and Jeanie leaned back on the sofa staring down at Micky who was now on the floor licking his back paws. Jeanie smiled to herself. Talking to her aunt always seemed to take her tensions down a notch. Her aunt was the original chicken soup for the soul person.
Of course her aunt’s judgement of people was always spot on. She was right about Rod. Rod wasn’t the ideal kind of man to have in one’s life. He was too selfish. He had clearly really hurt Gail Hughes’s feelings and she was so sensitive. But for some reason she and Rod were still in contact. Maybe Rod had come back for seconds. Perhaps he was one of those men who liked to collect women, not wanting to let them go.
But Rod and Gail seemed to have a lot in common. As far as Jeanie could remember, Gail seemed to think that the sun shone out of his ears. He had been a wunderkind in his youth and knew Gail from her days as a soloist before she went on to establish a college of her own.
When Jeanie thought of Rod, she invariably had an image of Gail pop up in her mind. And then when Rod had turned his attention to her as the most outstanding student in the college, things with Gail seemed to wane. But Rod always played a dangerous game. It was a wonder someone hadn’t bumped him off.
However, history was now repeating itself, only with different women involved. Now it was her versus Jasmine, with Rod favouring Jasmine but still wanting to hold onto Jeanie. And whilst the new album was a joint production, most of the songwriting had been done by Jeanie. So in a way it was really her album, and she needed to remember that fact.
Suddenly Jeannie stretched and decided to drive back to the studio to do a bit of admin work to clear her mind. She was also interested in hearing Lamar’s new jazz song.
*   *   *
When she arrived at the arts center where the studio was, it was nearly a quarter past eight in the evening. Jeanie had practically wasted the whole day at home which was not good. As usual the center was busy and finding a parking place wasn’t easy. She went up to studio by the stairs and felt virtuous about it. 
Arriving on the third floor, she heard muted music and walked to the studio and looked through the thick glass porthole of  the soundproof door. She saw a couple of the session guys rehearsing one of Rod’s new songs. Hiring the studio was slightly cheaper in the evenings and so rehearsals were often done after six pm.
Jeanie hovered outside the door. Although the music was muted, it was a jazzy number which sounded quite good to her ears. But it was clear that Rod was experimenting with the arrangement without bothering to consult her. However, it was his song.
Rod then came into view with his arms around Jasmine. The music stopped as he talked to the musicians. Jeanie pulled back not wanting to be seen. She then saw Rod discretely put his left hand down Jasmine’s jeans and squeeze her buttocks. Jasmine just accepted it and carried on talking to the guys who didn’t appear to notice. Jeanie’s eyes widened. Rod was so crude and blatant.
To her surprise Rod suddenly started singing something, demonstrating to the men what he wanted. Jasmine then joined in, in perfect harmony. God, it was enough to make Jeanie sick. What a little sycophant, she thought.
Then Rod stopped singing and whispered something into Jasmine’s ear. They then started singing again only in a higher key. Rod and his key changes, Jeanie thought. But she knew he believed they kept listeners engaged in a song and often liked to have at least one key change in the middle.
Rod kept looking at Lamar who was dutifully reading the music on a stand. Lamar exchanged glances with him, but they were not friendly. There were three session men altogether, the ones they frequently hired. They were all consummate musicians and possible stars in their own right. Lamar was particularly talented.
Lamar performed the solo in Rod’s song in a fashion reminiscent of one of George Michael’s greatest hits. It demonstrated Lama’s ability to improvise and Rod appeared impressed.
As a songwriter herself, Jeanie was always comparing herself to the master songwriters and realised that many were frankly geniuses. Rod was definitely one, although he did appropriate liberally from her work. He called it sharing ideas. She thought of it as outright intellectual theft. 
After Lamar had played, what was essentially the middle-eight, everyone clapped. Wow, Jeanie thought, he really was good, and realised that the demo he left on her desk probably had a killer song on it.
Rod suddenly turned and spotted Jeanie outside the studio door. He beckoned her in with a smile. His hand was no longer down Jasmine’s jeans. ‘Oh Jeanie, nice of you to drop by. Did you hear that?’
Jeanie nodded. ‘It was really great, it’s a new one isn’t it?’
‘I didn’t write it,’ Rod said with a smile. ‘Lamar wrote it.’
‘Oh really?’ she said surprised. ‘I thought it was one of yours, Rod! Oh, Lamar, I love it!’
Lamar smiled. ‘Thanks Jeanie.’
‘I also came to apologise for this morning,’ Jeanie said to Rod. ‘You were right, I wasn’t in the right mood for a conference.’
‘Hey, don’t worry,’ he said. ‘Everything is settled anyway. I’ll talk you through the details  regarding Jasmine’s revised contract later, but I know you’ll approve.’
‘I hope so,’ she said doubtfully and hoped the new ‘details’ didn’t involve  major compromises.
‘Seriously, it’s just routine contractual stuff,’ he said. ‘I’ve agreed new rates with Jasmine and the boys, and the amendments are being inserted as we speak.’
‘New rates, huh?’ she said.
Rod came closer to her and touched her arm with the hand that had been down Jasmine’s jeans. Jeanie pulled away. ‘Well, I would have liked to have been in on the discussions,’ she said.
He frowned. ‘I invited you to attend, didn’t I?’
‘That’s not the point,’ she replied. 
He threw up his hands. ‘Okay in a nutshell, since you’re insisting on it – our performers have agreed to take two percent less in return for predicted gains on anticipated sales. Plus, a guarantee of more session work later. This album will definitely do well, so nobody will actually lose. It’s to help the company out over the losses we suffered on the last one.’
Jeanie frowned. ‘That’s a bit hard on them.’
‘Listen they’re happy!’ he said. ‘Are you happy guys?’
Everyone except Lamar nodded. 
‘It’s better than just getting a flat rate,’ the drummer said. ‘Some companies never even pay session men their mechanical royalties!’
‘I guess it sounds alright,’ Jeanie said noting that Lamar did not look happy at all.
‘See, I knew you’d be okay with it,’ Rod said.
But Jeanie knew he was oversimplifying it. Also, there was never any guarantee that an album would do well. Rod couldn’t justifiably say that. But Jeanie was certain that there were probably some new clauses inserted into Jasmine’s contract which would benefit her.
Jeanie looked Rod in the eyes and knew straight away that he hadn’t told her everything. Or had deliberately left important stuff out. His irises appeared darker than usual which made her suspicious. 
‘I’ll look at the contracts later,’ she said. ‘When they’re drawn up.’
‘You do that!’ he replied with a grin.
‘I will,’ she said. ‘In fact, I’ll do it right now.’
Rod followed her out of the studio and along the corridor towards their office suite.
She stopped walking and turned to face him. ‘What?’
He came up to her. ‘You haven’t come here to make trouble, have you?’
‘That’s rich coming from you,’ she replied bitingly. ‘After what you did the other night. What was that all about?’
Rod looked at her blankly. ‘Huh?’
‘When you came into my bedroom in front of Mark and…’
‘When I gave you a little kiss?’
‘A little kiss!’ She laughed shortly. ‘You said it was a warning!’
He backed off slightly. ‘Well it was. I just want you to know that I haven’t finished with you yet.’
‘Really?’ she put her hands on her hips.
‘Basically yes, and if you don’t like it, you can lump it!’ he said with a challenging grin.
She shook her head and kept walking towards the office complex.
‘Hey,’ he called. ‘Don’t walk away from me when I’m talking to you!’
She stopped. ‘Rod, you should listen to yourself. What the hell has got into you?’
‘What’s got into you?’ he tossed back sounding like a man who had lost the thread of his own argument.
She turned again. ‘Please, I haven’t come here to argue with you. I don’t even know what we’re arguing about. But know this, I didn’t appreciate what you did the other night. Next time, maybe I won’t let you into my apartment!’
‘Is that a threat?’
She took a step towards him. ‘You warned me so I’m warning you back! I’m not the doe-eyed female I used to be.’
He smiled and checked his watch. ‘Well, you didn’t put up much of a fight! I could have had you there and then!’
‘Don’t kid yourself,’ she said. ‘Try that again and I’ll sue you for sexual harassment!’
‘Oh yeah?’ he laughed.
But she wasn’t serious. There was a part of her that had enjoyed being mauled by this lusty genius. She continued walking. ‘See ya!’
‘This isn’t the end of the conversation,’ he said.
‘I think Jasmine’s waiting for you,’ she flung over her shoulder. She entered the office complex and into their rented suite. The sign on the door simply said, ‘Coolabah Records Inc.’ It was Rod’s idea for a name. Jeanie couldn’t make up her mind about it.
But despite her outward calm, Rod’s erratic behaviour worried her a little. She wondered if he had been drinking or smoking anything. He had never been this feisty before.
She went into her tiny office, and still with her coat on sat down at the desk. She exhaled and took in the relative quiet of her workspace and decided not to be overly concerned. It was good that Jasmine was a distraction for him, it might take some of this new pressure off her. Her role was complicated enough as the company’s music director, in-house songwriter and A&R woman.
After several moments she got to her feet and went to the cabinet where all the contracts were kept. She sought out Jasmine Althea’s contract and saw that new caveats had been inserted by their lawyer. Rod hadn’t even told her about the alterations. 
The contract promised Jasmine two more albums with a greatly increased royalty. There was also a reference to a document labelled, ‘Agreement C – addendum 17a,’ but it wasn’t with Jasmine’s file. It had been put elsewhere. Jeanie then noticed that Rod had signed the bottom of Jasmine’s contract and had put p.p Jean Colbert. He had effectively signed for her as well.
As she thoughtfully put back the file, Rod came into the office. But his tone was more reasonable. ‘I wanted to discuss the changes with you…’
She knitted her brows. ‘I’m supposed to co-sign this contract with you! Suppose I don’t agree with the new caveats? And what’s Agreement – C ?’
He shrugged and sat on the corner of her desk. ‘Just a little arrangement between me and Jasmine.’
‘What is it?’
‘It doesn’t concern you,’ he said.
Jeanie frowned. ‘It’s not going to bankrupt this company is it? I mean as your partner I need to know what it is.’
He sighed and stared out of her office window towards the other offices in the suite. ‘Take it from me it will be good for this company.’
Jeanie sat back in her chair. ‘Look Rod, we can’t have any secrets from each other. I need to know about everything that goes on in our business.’
‘And you do ninety percent,’ he said. ‘See, I can envisage a great future for Jasmine. The sales of this album will go through the roof, I promise. So we need to keep her sweet for future projects. I don’t want to lose her to one of the big four.’
‘I know she got some good press attention with the release of our last album,’ Jeanie said. ‘But as you said yourself, we barely broke even. In fact we suffered a loss. What make you so confident about this album?’
‘Just a gut feeling,’ Rod replied. ‘Jasmine also appears to be more confident as a performer.’ 
‘Yeah, I noticed,’ Jeanie said. ‘So what’s Agreement – C ? Are you going to tell me or what?’
‘Don’t worry about it,’ he said. ‘A sweetener for Jasmine.’
‘You mean more money, which for some reason you don’t want to show up in the accounts?’ Jeanie said guessing.
‘No,’ he said.
‘Where have you put it?’ she said. ‘I demand to see it!’
He didn’t reply. ‘Don’t you trust me?’
‘Trust you?’ She flicked the strand of hair which had fallen across her face. ‘It’s pretty hard to when you’re keeping stuff back from me!’
‘What stuff?’ he said. ‘You’re talking as if I do this on a regular basis.’
‘Well don’t you?’
‘You’re getting paranoid,’ he said.
She looked down at her desk. ‘You’d be paranoid in my shoes. Are you having an affair with her? Jasmine? Do you love her?’
‘Why?’
‘Because of the way you’re bending over backwards to accommodate her,’ she replied pointedly.
‘I’m accommodating her because she could become a valuable asset for our  company,’ he said.
‘And in the meantime you’re jumping her bones!’ Jeanie stated and then wished she hadn’t.
He laughed. ‘Now what makes you think that?’
‘Because you had your hand on her Godamm ass!’ Jeanie replied heatedly. ‘And next time, when you have you hand on her ass, don’t touch me!’
This was too much for Rod who got off the desk laughing. ‘You are a scream, did you know that?
Jeanie rose from her chair. ‘I’m going home.’
‘Come on, don’t you want to hear Lamar’s song properly?’ Rod said.
‘You’re still rehearsing it, aren’t you?’
‘We’re almost done,’ Rod said.
She moved past him, but he shot out a hand and stopped her. ‘Don’t go. I want you to hear it.’
‘Tomorrow,’ she said.
He brought his face closer to hers and dropped his voice. ‘Look, Jeanie, I don’t love her, Jasmine, I don’t love her.’
She shrugged. ‘I don’t care.’ She tried to get past him.
Rod took hold of her. ‘It’s always been you.’
‘Me?’
‘You’re the only one that gets me excited,’ he said. ‘When I’m with her I think of you.’
Jeanie felt a rush of heat in her thighs. ‘Have you been smoking the funny baccy again?’ 
‘I don’t need a roach to know what I like,’ he replied as he gently kneaded her arms.
She took a deep breath and found herself unable to move away from him. She felt confused. Rod was an old flame, but despite herself, she still felt a wanting for him. It was weird. She thought she had gotten over him years ago. ‘I have to go,’ she said.
‘No you don’t,’ he said bringing his hand up to her breast.
She put her hand on his wrist. ‘Rod, please. This isn’t the time or place. What we had is all in the past now. I don’t want us to ruin a good thing.’
‘Turn around,’ he commanded in a soft silky voice.
‘No Rod, please.’
‘Why are you being so dishonest?’ he said. ‘You know you want me. You know it isn’t over between us.’
On one level he was right. She knew that unless she was really strong she would succumb to him again. Her aunt was so perceptive, she needed to break away from him.
He was now looking her in the eyes, his breath falling on her face. He brought his hands down to the side of her thighs and moved against her body. He clearly wanted to kiss her again, but she turned her head away. ‘No Rod.’
‘You will kiss me Godamm it!’ he said gruffly.
‘Rod…’
He grabbed her hair at the back and forced his lips onto hers. He pressed heavily against her, his knees pushing her legs apart. She was trapped against his body, the desk and wall. ‘Rod, please!’
But her words couldn’t stem the tide of his hunger and he began to kiss her face and lips. He held her tightly and mouthed her neck and throat like a man starving for love. Although she resisted, she could feel her own body wanting to respond to him. But she didn’t move, she just allowed his assault to wash over her, like a victim powerless in the hands of a mindless aggressor.
He mumbled and quickly undid the buttons of her top, bending his head to kiss the top of her luscious breasts.  Quivering, she then gave in and grabbed his neck and drew him down to her, only half caring who should enter the office and see them. His hands became more invasive with an agenda of their own, slipping themselves between her legs and squeezing her bottom.
But the location of their heavy petting didn’t really suit her; it wasn’t private enough and she kept checking to see if anyone had come into the offices. He nuzzled his lips into her ear and began to mutter lustful obscenities which he used to use years ago. It was as if he had discovered her anew and wanted to plunder her body. 
His use of crude language aroused her even more and sensual images danced in her brain. But still there was a part of her which resisted. If they had been in her apartment she would have let him take her, let him debase her with his animal appetites. But here, surrounded by functional office furniture, the practical side of her mind was acting as a brake.
Certainly, she wanted him, and she was now half-responding with little kisses and tugs, but she didn’t want to give in completely. He in turn was only too conscious of the way she was blocking her, and it was beginning to aggravate him.
‘Jeanie…’ he said unable to frame what he wanted to say.
Her body was now a palpable erotic zone of mixed emotions, heat and confusion. ‘Rod, someone might come in,’ she managed to say, her mouth dry. She badly need a drink. The heat of their encounter was making her feel overcome.
He suddenly pulled away from her, his face wet with perspiration. ‘I guess this is stupid,’ he said.
‘It is, and we shouldn’t do this,’ she replied doing up her buttons and squeezing out of her trapped corner. She straightened her clothing. ‘Rod, we can’t relive the past.’
‘You say that, but you don’t mean it,’ he said. 
‘What are you talking about?’ she replied angrily. ‘You’re the one who’s been forcing himself onto me!’
‘I’m only responding to you!’ he said.
‘You’re deluded man!’
‘Really?’
‘Yes you are, big time!’
 He shook his head. ‘Well, we don’t need to get distracted, I agree. We need to just focus on the album!’ He pushed back his crazy hair.
‘I couldn’t agree more,’ she replied. ‘But you’ve seeing this all wrong. I’m with Mark now. I don’t want to do this with you. You need to control yourself!’
He shook his head. ‘Yeah? Well, we’ve got six weeks before the tour starts…so if you stop playing games, then everything will be fine!’
‘Playing games?’ She looked at him as if he were mad. The man really couldn’t see the error of his ways. Without doubt he and Jasmine must have been smoking something up in the control room, she was certain of it. 
‘Just don’t lead me on anymore, please,’ he said. ‘And then act as if it’s all my fault.’
Jasmine screwed up her hands into tight fists. ‘Jesus, you need to come down off of whatever it is you’re on! I’m going now!’
He scowled at her. ‘And I want you in early tomorrow.’
‘Okay,’ she said going to the door of her office. ‘And I need you to stop smoking the crazy weed, because it’s making you act like a madman.’  
‘Oh, is that how I’m acting?’ he said turning to her. ‘Well that’s what happens when a woman plays with a man’s head.’
Jeanie made a helpless gesture. ‘How am I playing with your head? You are the one who came in here and practically tried to rape me! I was just standing here reading a file and thinking about business.’
‘And you then started to give me that come on look of yours,’ he said.
‘Come on look?’ she said. ‘What the hell are you talking about?’
‘That come to bed look,’ he said. ‘You know what I mean.’
It was like talking to an inmate at an asylum. ‘Rod, tomorrow when the weed is out of your system, you’ll be apologizing to me yet again,’ she said. ‘Although probably, you won’t even remember what you said.’
‘Okay, well let me apologise now,’ he said sarcastically. ‘I’m sorry I responded to you like a normal man responds to a women when she’s egging him on. I’m sorry I was paying you the complement of showing you how much I’m attracted to you.’
She held up her hand. She just wanted to leave now. ‘Rod, we should just agree to keep our relationship strictly business. And put the idea out of your head that I am somehow leading you on. Or egging you on, because I’m not. Okay? And when you want to come to my apartment, let me know first so that I have the option of telling you whether it’s convenient or not.’
He smiled. ‘I feel sorry for Mark. I bet he doesn’t know what to make of you. Do you play with his head too?’
‘Don’t talk about him,’ she replied annoyed by his unfair implications. ‘And when we’ve got this album out, done and dusted, we’ll rethink our future. Maybe I don’t want to work here anymore.’ As she said these words, they caught in her throat and she wanted to cry. Why did Rod have to complicate things? Was he starting to crack up under the strain of running a company and was beginning to imagine things?’
‘Oh,’ he said. ‘Well if you leave, you’ll be walking away from the future, because the future is here!’
‘No it’s not,’ she said as tears began to form in her eyes. She brushed them away. ‘I’d need to be pretty desperate to want to put up with your continuously crazy crap! You should listen to yourself sometimes. You don’t sound right in the head, Rod. You need therapy.’
He swore at her, using the foulest of bar room language. ‘Go to hell, but you’d better not be late tomorrow!’
Without replying, she stormed out of the office suites passing Jasmine and Lamar who were standing in the corridor talking. They looked up at her as she passed. Was Jasmine getting her clutches into Lamar as well, Jeanie wondered.
Chapter Four
The problem with promoting an album was that it usually cost a lot of money. But it helped to book a couple of smaller venues to see how a live performance panned out with an audience. From this could be decided whether a full scale tour was worth it financially. It could pay off if the public reacted favourably.
Rod really wanted to create as much publicity as he could and so was really going for it with newspaper and tv ads, paid-for radio play, Youtube promotion. Everything he could think of was being thrown into the mix, including a line-up of dancers and a well-known comedian acting as compere. The album had almost become a musical, complete with costumes and set-design. It was going to cost a packet, but expenses could be reigned in if initial ticket sales were poor.
The limited tour was due to take place on the west coast, and so they initially booked two small provincial theaters to gauge initial public reaction.
All during this time, Jeanie had been avoiding Rod like the plague, even refusing to go into the office in the evenings. Rod, in his turn acted as if everything was normal. He was a good actor. Jeanie noticed that he was leaning more and more on Lamar and conferring  more with Jasmine. And so it was different to how things used to be when Rod and herself were virtually in each other’s pockets.
Jeanie felt relieved. It was pressure off her. She could focus on what she was good at and had all but passed the responsibility of the new album to Rod, Jasmine and Lamar. They were all supremely good at what they did. However, Rod was still keen for Jeanie to sing some of her own songs on the album.
Reluctantly Jeanie agreed to start rehearsing some numbers and Lamar was a great help, sometimes organising the session men in place of Rod. Lamar was sort of taking on the role of associate producer in tandem with Clive, who had done very little constructively in Jeanie’s eyes.
What Jeanie realised was that Rod truly ran the show and Clive was his yes-man and the focus was mainly now on Jasmine’s talent. The idea of getting Jeanie to publicly sing some songs was probably to compare her as a performer to Jasmine. If Jeanie folded under pressure, then in the worst case scenario, Rod might start thinking about buying out her shares in the company.
Jasmine was younger more dynamic and seemingly agreeable to everything Rod suggested. She even was starting to show ability as a songwriter and Jeanie could see her working with Lamar on some future projects. Perhaps for Jeanie, the writing was on the wall as far as her usefulness to the company was concerned, but she was still a director. She surmised that possibly Rod was trying to have a last fling with her before he managed to push her out. 
Of course that depended on whether Tony Letwell, their other partner, who was in prison for assault and battery, agreed. If they all ganged up on her she would have to leave. So, in a way it depended on how she performed at the two small venues they had booked. She needed to be the equal of or better than Jasmine.
However, despite Jasmine’s gifts and abilities, Jeanie was without doubt the more beautiful of the two. Jasmine was just all make-up and hustle. But she had a voice. It was powerful and cutting. Jeanie would need to compete with that.
It was hard to tell if Rod wanted her to fail, but Jeanie was certain than in some perverse way he did. Their musical differences were getting wider. As people they were as far apart as they could be on an intellectual level, and it was probably irritating him. But Jeanie didn’t care. She was an independent musician with her own modus operandi and was determined to put in her two cents worth.
*   *   *
As she sat in her own dressing room at the Colville Theater near the Bay Area, their first public test, she could hear the crowd arriving. They were taking their seats in the auditorium and it made her feel more nervous than she had felt for years. 
The band was all set up on stage behind the heavy stage curtains and no doubt Jasmine and Rod were conferring somewhere. Suddenly, the door of the dressing room burst open; it was Clive, her producer.
‘We’ve got a full house!’ he gushed. ‘They’ve been queuing around the block since three. You okay?’
Jeanie nodded as her nerves began to kick in. ‘Yes thanks.’
‘Good luck,’ he said with a smile and disappeared again.
She was wearing her stage costume which was basically just a black tracksuit, black sports hat and shoes. It looked like everyday wear. She was more dressy when she came into work. There was a change of costume for her second number and it was the exact reverse of what she was wearing now. Jeanie knew that Jasmine, on the other hand, would be very over-the-top and flaunty. 
Mark then abruptly opened the dressing room door and came in.
Jeanie was surprised to see him. ‘Oh!’
 ‘Look at you!’ he said. He brought her a card and a big box of chocolates and flowers and dumped them on the dressing table in front of her. ‘Good luck sweetie! See you later! Must go before someone pinches my seat!’ He kissed her on the cheek and then vanished. Jeanie frowned. He could have stayed for a few minutes.
 She stared at herself in the illuminated mirror with its circular bulbs all the way around it. She tried her cap on and angled it on her head jauntily. Even she had to admit she looked cute. She checked the clock on the wall and realised that she would have a little while to wait before doing her two turns. 
But Rod had hinted at an unrehearsed duet that she and Jasmine might do as an encore if the audience really liked the show. Halfway through, Rod was going to do a couple of his own songs and the dancers would be employed throughout. But there was no doubt that Jasmine would be the queen of the production.
There was a knock on the door. ‘Come in!’ she said.
The door swung open. It was her aunt Lucy, her boyfriend Ray and her old teacher Gail Hughes. Jeanie was astonished at the sight of Gail whom she had not seen in the flesh for ages. She was also shocked by how much weight she had put on.
‘Gail!’ Jeanie got to her feet and the two women hugged.
‘You look the business!’ Gail said with a great big grin.
‘Gee thanks,’ Jeanie responded shyly.
Her aunt grabbed Jeanie’s arm and gave her a hug, and Ray pecked her on the cheek.
‘I’m glad it’s not me going out there!’ he said. He was a short, tubby bald man with a nice smile.
Her aunt slapped him on the arm. ‘Don’t say that! You know how Jeanie hates to sing in public!’
‘I don’t mind,’ Jeanie replied. ‘I’ll feel better now that I know you’ve come.’
Ray made a gesture. ‘We would not have missed this for anything. Also, it’s practically on our doorstep.’
Jeanie rubbed his arm. He had been a good step-uncle, assisting her aunt when Jeanie had come to live with them. Her aunt had split from her previous husband just before Jeanie came to stay and Ray filled the vacuum. It turned out he was the ideal guy to help rear a somewhat feisty young introvert like Jeanie who had just lost her parents. She was eleven when they were killed. 
‘Where are you sitting?’ Jeanie asked.
Her aunt smiled awkwardly. ‘Next to your young man near the front stalls!’
She was referring to Mark who was hardly a young man at forty two years old.
Everyone came over to the mirror which was the focal point of the room.
‘So what is this?’ Ray asked. ‘A musical?’
‘No, just an album promotion, except they’re not called albums anymore,’ Jeanie replied. ‘I’m just doing two of my own songs.’
‘Oh great!’ her aunt said, as she stood there looking as if she were going to an opera in her chiffon dress. Gail on the other hand was wearing a huge orange cardigan pulled over a ridiculously short skirt. Hardly theater wear.
‘I played here once,’ Gail suddenly said. ‘When I was a soloist. God it feels like yonks ago. I had to share a dressing room with two other girls.’
Everyone looked at Gail waiting for her to say more but she sauntered over to the wall to look at some photographs. It was then that their compere, minor breakfast tv host Terry Maxwell knocked and entered. ‘Not intruding I hope. We’re starting in twenty minutes. The theater manager apparently wants us all out by nine. You okay, Jeanie?’
‘Fine, yes thanks Terry, thanks for coming onboard.’
‘Anytime,’ he smiled at everyone and then quickly left.
Gail was looking over and smiling. ‘This is a lucky theater. People who start off here go onto to thriving careers. Look at mine!’
Ray nodded. ‘And now you run one of the most prestigious music colleges in the state.’
‘The most prestigious college!’ Gail said with a laugh.
‘I’m sure glad I went there,’ Jeanie said. ‘So tonight I’d better not do anything to embarrass you or the college!’
‘You better not!’ Gail said coming over and hugging Jeanie’s shoulders.
‘You’ll be just fine!’ her aunt said reassuringly. ‘I mean you’re only doing two numbers, what could go wrong?’
Jeanie frowned not wanting to think about it. ‘Well, hopefully I won’t be able to see the audience. Sometimes stage lights are so bright that you can’t see a thing.’
Gail put her hand on Jeanie’s arm. ‘Listen, Rod’s a good stage manager. You can’t fail.’
‘I know,’ Jeanie said with a nod.
‘I see you’ve got dancers as well,’ Gail said. ‘This production must be costing a packet.’
‘We’ll hopefully claw it back over the tour and break even!’ Jeanie said.
‘Where are you touring?’ Ray asked.
‘It’s just a limited promotion on the west coast,’ Jeanie said. ‘We’ll hit New York if it all goes well. But we need to get good reviews and receipts. You know what the guys in New York are like.’
Ray nodded and looked at Gail. ‘They’ve sucked all the fun out of showbiz.’
‘It’s always been like this,’ Gail said. ‘If you don’t draw the crowds and get the positive reviews, you can’t hire the bigger venues. To survive, everything you do virtually has to be a hit with the public. But with this album you can’t go wrong. It’s just a pain that you had to throw the kitchen sink at it to get it off the ground.’
‘Maybe we should have just stuck to Youtube!’ Jeanie said with a laugh.
Gail laughed. ‘Yeah.’
‘So Gail, how are things?’ Jeanie asked taking her hand as she glanced up at the clock for the tenth time.
‘Fine. The college has almost become the victim of its own success,’ Gail said. ‘We are literally being swamped with applications for college places and so we’ve had to increase the fees.’
Jeanie nodded. ‘That can’t be a bad thing. But I meant, how are you in yourself?’
Gail looked at the gathering. ‘Yeah, okay. We’ll talk later.’
‘We really need to hook up more,’ Jeanie said. ‘An email every six months doesn’t quite cut it.’
‘I agree,’ Gail replied. But of course this was mainly Jeanie’s fault and she knew it.
‘She’s got herself a new man in her life!’ Aunt Lucy announced.
‘Oh shush you!’ Gail said pulling a face. But she and Aunt Lucy were now firm friends and often made jokes at each other’s expense.
Jeanie’s eyes lit up. ‘Good for you!’
‘So far so good,’ Gail said crossing her fingers.
‘I feel the same about Mark,’ Jeanie ventured. ‘But he’s such a sweetie.’
‘And he’s rich so you told me in your last email,’ Gail replied. ‘Now that’s one thing my Jason isn’t, is rich. But he’s a hell of a double bass player!’
‘Be grateful for that,’ Ray said. ‘Just as long as he doesn’t blow his own trumpet.’
Everyone laughed, including Jeanie who did so nervously. ‘So how long have you been going out with your new guy then?’
‘Less than a month,’ Gail said her face serious. ‘But I’ve know him for about a year, so you could say we’re like old friends.’
Jeanie nodded as she thought about Rod. ‘I know the feeling.’
Ray’s eyes drifted towards the clock on the wall. ‘I guess we’d better take our seats soon.’
‘I guess so,’ Jeanie said nervously. She studied her aunt’s kindly face and felt grateful that she had turned up. Clearly her aunt really cared about her. But it was a bonus that Gail had also turned up as their relationship had been slowly waning. Jeanie felt that Gail coming would bring her luck.
‘Oh folks,’ Jeanie said. ‘There’s a party afterwards but it won’t be here. Rod’s booked a restaurant for the cast and anyone else who wants to come along.’
‘That sounds like fun,’ Ray said.
‘Yeah, and I want you to get to know Mark better,’ Jeanie said looking into her aunt’s eyes. ‘We’ll all sit together. Rod has invited some friends and family so it will be quite an occasion.’
‘Reward for you day’s labours!’ Ray said.
‘Even if the show goes down like a lead balloon,’ Jeanie said. ‘But Rod’s quite confident we’ll get a good reception. I mean the amount of money we’ve spent on the production…’
She had hardly finished her sentence when there was a knock on the door. It swung open to reveal Rod standing there dressed like a cowboy for his ‘country and western’ numbers. ‘Hi everyone!’ he said cheerfully.
Gail went over to him and gave him hug. ‘Oh, Rod you look great.’
‘Gail, thanks for coming!’ he said returning her hug. ‘It’s great to see you all.’
Jeanie observed this interaction with interest. For a woman whose heart he had broken, Gail seemed more than willing to forgive him.
‘So, I just want to remind everyone that there’s a party afterwards and you’re all welcome,’ Rod said.
‘Yeah, Jeanie told us!’ Ray said.
Aunt Lucy was less than enthusiastic to see Rod, but she smiled anyway. ‘Thanks for the complementary tickets, but we would have come anyway.’
‘That’s okay,’ Rod said. ‘Just help spread the word that there’s a new album out there – if they like that kind of music.’
‘How would you describe it in a word?’ Ray asked.
‘Country, Jazz, Pop fusion with a leaning towards swing,’ Rod answered succinctly. ‘That’s four words for you!’
‘A bit retro then?’ Ray said.
‘The new retro,’ Rod corrected him. ‘It sold quite well the last time and so there’s definitely a market for it.’
‘You need to come by the college sometime,’ Gail said. ‘And demonstrate the difference to my students.’
‘I will, I will!’ Rod replied. ‘But we’ve a great show for you tonight folks and so I’m confident you won’t get bored.’
‘I’m looking forward to it,’ Ray said.
While this banter was going on Jeanie just stared at him. But she was slightly baffled by the way Gail was fawning over him. It was hard for Jeanie to guess what was going through her mind. She supposed that continuous endorsements from Rod helped boost the college intake.
Jeanie also observed their body language. Gail’s hand kept hanging by his leg and she was half turned towards him. He would return her glances and seemed to address all his comments to her. Jeanie was starting to feel annoyed. Rod hadn’t directed a single remark to her or wished her luck. It was as if she wasn’t even in the room.
He also looked especially nice in his light brown leather cowboy outfit which he had hired. His Stetson looked great and his leather belt was wide with a big brass buckle. It was almost as if he was making a statement. When he did finally look in her direction, he grinned and showed especially white teeth which he must have had whitened for the show. ‘You ready to go, Jeanie?’ he enquired.
‘Always,’ Jeanie replied trying to appear confident.
‘I know you’ll be just fine,’ he said in a slightly patronising voice. ‘I also want to let you know that we have a special guest in the audience.’
‘Who’s that?’  Jeanie asked.
‘I was going to keep it a secret so that it didn’t freak you out.’
‘Come one tell us,’ Ray said.
‘Nosmo King, the head of Lumis Syndication Network,’ Rod explained. ‘They’re looking for an act to add to their roster of network artists. I think he might have his eye on us.’
‘That’s great,’ Jeanie said not really sure whether this was a good thing or not. She didn’t even know what he looked like. Sometimes people got dropped when a big company got involved. But Rod hadn’t given too many details.
Rod smiled again and gave Gail another hug. ‘Well, I hope you have a great evening and I’ll see you all afterwards.’ He half bowed and then left the room.
Ray came over to Jeanie and patted her on the arm. ‘We’d better get out of your hair.’
‘Well, I’ve only got one song in the first half of the show and a song and maybe a duet in the second,’ Jeanie said. ‘But this is mainly Jasmine’s show. Although it could be make or break for me.’
‘Don’t talk like that!’ Gail said. ‘That’s defeatism. Just do your best and to hell with everyone else.’
‘That’s what I tell myself anyway,’ Jeanie replied with a grin.
‘And don’t get freaked out by Nosmo King,’ Gail said. ‘I know him well. He’s a pussycat and a generous sponsor. He could help launch your career into the heavens.’
‘Either my career or Jasmine’s!’ Jeanie said.
Aunt Lucy checked her wristwatch. ‘I guess we’d better definitely get going now. Well good luck honey! You’ll be just fine.’ She gave Jeanie a kiss on the cheek. Then everyone left the dressing room.
Jeanie got to her feet and stared at the door. She suddenly felt abandoned and chided herself for feeling so scared. After all, she was only doing a total of fourteen minutes on stage. Not a big deal. She just hoped her voice wouldn’t crack. Certainly, she knew all the words of her songs, but the stage nerves were starting to get to her. It was stupid.
She had never thought of herself as a popstar or even a singer, just a songwriter. Jasmine was the up and coming star. Jasmine was hungry for success and wanted to be uber-famous. Jeanie on the other hand was just happy to be able to pay her mortgage. She certainly didn’t want to be recognised in the street. However, it made her feel worse that Nosmo King was in the audience and he’d probably be in the front row judging them all.
There was another mirror in the dressing room, a long one hanging on the wall. Jeanie went over to it and took a look at herself. The black outfit looked quite cool and almost completely changed her normal appearance. Normally she wore skirts and dresses. But she could have put on something else if she had wanted. There was another outfit hanging on the rail in a garish red – definitely not her colour.
When it was her turn to go on she would receive a five minute call reminder and so there was still some time to wait. She could have used a cigarette but knew it might result in an inconvenient coughing fit onstage.
Just as she was contemplating having a cup of coffee to boost her energy there was a rap on the door which opened. It was Clive again.
‘Jeanie, there’s been a last minute change of schedule,’ he said hurriedly. ‘Could you do your first number straight away to give Jasmine some extra time.’
‘Why, what’s the matter with her?’ Jeanie asked.
‘She slipped down the fire exit stairs and twisted her ankle!’
‘You’re kidding me!’ Jeanie said alarmed. ‘Is she going to be alright?’
‘She’s fine,’ Clive said with a smile. ‘They’re just massaging her ankle now.’
‘Oh God,’ Jeanie said.
‘So basically, we want you on straight away as the opening act!’ Clive said.
‘You mean right now?’
Clive nodded. ‘Yeah, just follow me. You look great by the way. Black is also my favourite colour.’
Jeanie nodded. ‘Thanks.’ 
Nervously, she followed him out of the dressing room down a corridor towards the stage which was flooded with coloured lights against a giant cowboy-themed backcloth. She could see that the fire curtain was still in place. The musicians all set up on the left hand side of the stage ready to open with the first number. She could see Rod and Lamar frenetically discussing something. They looked nervous too. 
Lamar had his saxophone ready to go and was dressed in some kind of a rhinestone outfit. Jeanie didn’t realise how ‘cowboy’ orientated the show was going to be. Certainly, her own songs did have a folksy feel to them.
The sound of the audience talking was much louder now and it was quite frightening. It was as if there was a large monster on the other side of the curtain ready to devour everyone. But it was only a relatively small venue. It was at this point that the fire curtain was slowly lifted to reveal the normal gold coloured stage curtain behind it, still shielding them. Jeanie took her position behind the microphone and glanced over at Rod and Lamar.
Rod came hurrying over to her. ‘Yeah, Jasmine’s in some god awful pain! The doc’s working on her now!’
‘I hope she’ll be alright,’ Jeanie said. The success of their album would depend on it.
‘Yeah, she’ll be alright,’ Rod said. ‘But I was on the phone to her manager and he was talking about suing us, which is crazy! He might be coming down.’
‘Suing us for what? Damages?’
‘There’s a clause in her contract which covers medical expenses,’ Rod said.
‘Oh God.’
‘But Jasmine’s reasonable,’ Rod said. He looked at her. ‘The thing is, you might have to do more than two songs.’
Jeanie gave him a terrified look. ‘What?’
‘I’m sorry to put this on you at the last minute,’ Rod said looking anxious. ‘But you know the songs backwards anyway, even if you haven’t rehearsed them.’
Jeanie stared at him. Now that the chips were down he was turning to her. For the moment Jasmine wasn’t the blue-eyed consummate performer anymore, she was a possible liability. If Jeanie  failed to deliver there could be no show. Jeanie knew then that Rod needed her more than he was admitting, and it gave her a little spurt of satisfaction.
In their earlier ventures, less expensive ways of promotion had been employed but this was their first big gamble designed to generate maximum publicity. If Jasmine pulled out, it could be a disaster. And even if Jasmine had been doing favours for Rod, he would soon find a way of getting rid of her if she failed to deliver. There were ten thousand other talented singers who would jump at the chance to take her place. Rod could pick and choose.
The delay continued as the doctor worked to get Jasmine’s foot functional again. Rod still wanted the show to proceed as planned. It was at this point that their compere went in front of the curtain and started to warm up the crowd. It was officially the beginning of the show and no one could have guessed what was going on backstage.
Jeanie stood awkwardly in front of the microphone not knowing whether Jasmine was going to rescue her at the last minute. But it was possible to hear an argument going on down the other end of the corridor off stage.  Jeanie couldn’t make out what was being said, but it sounded like Rod was berating Jasmine, which was a bit harsh really.
Jeanie swung her head around and saw Lamar appearing very tense as he stood at the front of the  band on the left of the stage. He returned her glance and shrugged. Jeanie tried to smile back but her nerves were getting the better of her. When she looked backstage again, she saw Rod leaning  against the corridor wall talking to Clive. They looked around at her and Clive pointed to his watch.
Jeanie caught Rod’s almost maniacal perplexed expression and tried to read what was going on. Was it possible that Jasmine wasn’t going to make an appearance at all? Rod stared back at Jeanie and she tried to make out what the state of play was. Jeanie was starting to feel quite alone in the middle of the stage and just wished the music would start. 
Fortunately, their compere, Terry Maxwell, was maintaining the banter which seemed to be keeping the audience happy for the moment. But at one point he quickly put his head behind the curtain to see what was going on.
Rod suddenly charged up onto the stage. ‘I can’t believe this is happening. Jasmine’s manager is actually advising her to abandon the show siting health reasons. Terry we can’t hold off longer!’
Terry nodded and went out front again and continued his audience address. Jeanie was beginning to sense a major catastrophe looming.
‘What are we going to do if she quits?’ Jeanie asked Rod, feeling her stomach doing several somersaults.
Rod formed a fist. ‘Do? I’ll kill her! So help me God and I’ll make sure she never gets another gig! But you me and Lamar will have to take over. Lamar said he knows all the words to the songs by heart anyway.’
Jeanie gave Rod a sick smile. ‘That’s good.’
Rod stared at her and clutched her arm. ‘Listen, if the worst happens, I want you to know that despite our differences, I’ll pay you back for this.’
Jeanie nodded and then impulsively grabbed him and kissed him on the cheek. ‘Don’t worry. We’ll get through this.’
Rod looked surprised that she had kissed him. Jeanie herself was bemused at her own actions especially as she as trying to move on with her life. Now Rod was going to think that she was still interested in him.
Rod touched his cheek where she had kissed him and smiled weakly. ‘Don’t worry, I’m not going to take that the wrong way.’
Jeanie took a deep breath and ran her mind over her song. It was strange how the mind could go blank when you least wanted it to. Rod gave Lamar a signal. It looked like Jasmine was going to miss the first number. Rod ran off stage and disappeared.
The compere suddenly said, ‘Now Ladies and Gentlemen please put your hands together for the Rodney Cornwall experience!’
The crowd went crazy and the stage curtains slowly opened.
Lamar gave the band a nod and it burst into a loud intro. The band had been over-amplified to make up for the fact that it only consisted of eight musicians. Jeanie was hoping that the dancers would be joining her for the opening number but there was no sign of them in the wings. 
Closing her eyes, Jeanie plunged into her first song with great gusto. The tension on stage gave her energy and she was amazed at her own vocal power. Maybe she did have it in her to be a performer. She thought she saw her aunt out in the dark auditorium but wasn’t sure. 
Then, out of the corner of her eye Jeanie saw the unbelievable spectacle of Rod and another man actually having a fist fight backstage.  Jeanie then realised that Rod was fighting Jasmine’s manager, Dean who must have come down. Clive and a couple of stagehands were trying to break it up. Jeanie blinked and kept singing. It was starting to turn into a Marx Brothers parody.
After a long three minutes, the band rounded up the song with a spectacular ending, and Jeanie was convinced that she had written a hit. The crowd went berserk, applauding her madly and Jeanie’s face went bright red. She  bowed twice and turned her head to see the semi-clad cowboy girl dancers flood onto the stage as the band immediately went into the next number. Now it was Rod’s turn. He flew out with a huge smile on his face and got behind the grand piano on stage and starting singing.
Jeanie rushed off stage and Clive grabbed her arm in the wings. ‘That was great, really good, Jeanie!’ he said.
‘Thanks! Where’s Jasmine?’ Jeanie demanded.
‘In her dressing room with her Godamm manager, Dean,’ Clive said.
Jeanie rushed into Jasmine’s dressing room and found her crying and in the middle of a full scale argument with Dean. He looked disheveled after his tussle with Rod. The doctor was also there. As soon as Jasmine saw Jeanie she hobbled over and into her arms. ‘I want to go on but he’s telling me not to!’ she sobbed.
Dean Thomas pulled himself up to his full height and he was a big man. ‘I’m just advising her for her own good. Her foot has swollen up like a balloon. You can’t expect her to go on in these circumstances! And I’m going to sue your partner as well for assault and battery. He attacked me the idiot!’
Jeanie looked down at Jasmine’s foot. ‘Oh God, it looks terrible.’
‘They can sit me on a stool or something, I don’t mind!’ Jasmine said.
‘I’ve given her something for the pain,’ the doctor said. ‘But she needs to go to hospital!’
At that moment there was a knock on the door. It was Clive. ‘Jeanie, Rod wants you on stage right now!’
‘Jasmine don’t leave, please!’ Jeanie begged. ‘I’ll be right back.’
Jeanie charged back up on stage as the dancers pushed passed her as they came off. The crowd went wild as soon as Jeanie made her second appearance. 
‘In case you don’t know, this is songwriter Jeanie Colbert,’ Rod said smoothly, at the piano, over the microphone. ‘And we’re going to do a little number together called Whistling in the Wind, which is off our last album!’
The audience applauded enthusiastically, and a stagehand rushed on and gave Jeanie her own microphone. 
‘I’ll sing and you do the whistling!’ Jeanie replied off the top of her head as she took the mic. 
The crowd laughed and Rod launched into a duet. It was unrehearsed as such and Jeanie was amazed at how easy she was finding it all. All her nerves were gone, but there was a tingling feeling in her chest which she hadn’t felt too often.
It was at that moment that she saw two strange-looking figures at the back of the auditorium smiling up at her. It was clear the figures were slowly walking towards her down the central aisle. In fact they looked as if they were floating. 
As Jeanie kept singing to the accompanying music, her mind became oddly detached. She watched, hypnotised as the two figures were slowly getting closer. Then she recognised them and she couldn’t believe her eyes. It was her dead parents. Jeanie was shocked beyond words, but even so kept singing. It was as if her mind had split into two. 
Amazed, Jeanie stared down at her mother and father, and it seemed that everything else was in suspension. They appeared so serene. There was a sort of soft halo around them. They came and stood by the orchestra pit and just smiled up at her. No one else could apparently see them. Jeanie turned her head and realised that she was still performing the song with Rod as if nothing was amiss, but she now appeared to be in two bodies. It was incredible.
‘Jeanie we are always with you,’ her mother said softly. 
‘Mom,dad,’ Jeanie said tears in her eyes.
‘We’re so proud of you,’ her father said. ‘So, so proud…’ and then slowly the figures faded away and Jeanie was instantly back in her body coming to the end of the duet.
The band did a fantastic finale and the audience roared and jumped up in their seats. Jeanie bowed and ran off stage, her mind in a state of confusion. She collapsed against the corridor wall, tears in her eyes. Clive came to her aid. ‘You okay?’
‘Yes.’
‘You looked kind of weird out there for a second,’ Clive said.
‘I couldn’t be better!’ Jeanie exclaimed and ran into Jasmine’s dressing room.
Jasmine’s foot was propped up on a chair and was being massaged by the doctor with some foot balm. ‘You two sounded fantastic!’ Jasmine said.
‘She definitely wants to go on,’ her manager said. ‘But I insist that you’re paying for the doctor.’
‘Yes, yes,’ Jeanie said. ‘Thank you.’
‘Don’t thank me,’ her manager said. ‘But she can’t walk on, you’ll have to carry her.’
At that moment the dancers flooded down the corridor again and back on stage and the band got going again. Lamar could be heard singing. It appeared to be his big unrehearsed moment. 
Rod appeared at the dressing room door. ‘How is she?’
Jasmine’s manager stared at him. ‘She can’t walk.’
‘Is there a wheelchair here?’ Rod asked Clive who was standing next to him.
‘I don’t know,’ Clive replied.
‘If there is, we’ll wheel her on!’ Rod said. ‘It will get the sympathy of the audience!’
Clive nodded and rushed off to find a stagehand.
Rod looked at Jasmine. ‘Would that be okay?’
‘I don’t mind,’ Jasmine replied.
‘Well, I do, it will make my client look decrepit,’ her manager objected.
Jasmine gave him a sharp look. ‘Dean, get out of here. Or I’m going to let you go!’
Her manager was shocked. ‘What? What are you talking about? You don’t let me go, I let you go!’
‘Dean, leave! Please!’
Her manager clenched his fists. ‘Expect a letter from my attorney!’ He shook his head in disgust and stormed out of the room.
‘Good riddance!’ Rod said.
Clive rushed back with a folded wheelchair which happened to be in a first aid cupboard. ‘Try this for size.’
Everyone helped Jasmine get in the chair and they wheeled her up some stairs and onto the stage wings.
‘Send me your bill,’ Jeanie said to the doctor.
‘Don’t worry, I’m glad to have been of assistance,’ the young doctor replied.
‘That’s kind of you,’ Jeanie said. ‘Then come to the party afterwards.’
‘Will do,’ the doctor replied smiling.
When they wheeled Jasmine on stage there were gasps from the audience and the compere had to explain what had happened. The crowd was so touched by the story of Jasmine’s accident that they got to their feet and erupted into applause. The atmosphere in the theater was now electric and the show continued.
‘You were great,’ Rod whispered to Jeanie when they got off.
Jeanie smiled and without hesitation went back on stage and joined in with the rest of the songs. It had turned into a perfect shambles which worked a treat. As far as the audience were concerned nothing had really been amiss apart from Jasmine’s accident.
At the end of the show, the audience showed their almost excessive appreciation and the applause and cheers and cries for more were deafening. Jeanie realised that they really did have a hit on their hands. In the end they had to do two encores which brought the house down. 
When the cast met up at the restaurant for the first night party, the mood was ecstatic. Someone had arranged for Jasmine and Jeanie to get a couple of bouquets of flowers which were left in their dressing rooms. Jeanie later learned that Clive, their producer, had ordered them.
Jeanie had quickly changed for the party and put on a top and jeans, her mind reeling from the tensions and overall weirdness of the evening. Her mind kept going back to her crazy out-of-body experience earlier and she was beginning to wonder if it had happened at all. But at the time it seemed so very real. She concluded that it must have been all in her mind. There was no other explanation.
Mark grabbed her backstage. ‘Darling that was sensational,’ he said kissing her. ‘And I don’t mean that lightly!’
‘Did you really think so,’ she replied as she valued his opinion.
‘I kid you not!’
‘So we’re all going to Rod’s party now, yes?’ she said.
‘Absolutely,’ Mark said giving her a squeeze. ‘Will we have to drive there?’
‘No, it is literally just across the road from the theater, the Folio Brasserie,’ she said. ‘Apparently all the local showbiz people use it.’
He nodded. ‘Great.’
They left the theatre by the exit door and headed for the restaurant. Jeanie looked at him. ‘I had the strangest experience when I was doing that duet with Rod. I actually saw my parents…’
Mark frowned. ‘Oh really? You mean your aunt?’
‘No, my actual parents, they were in the audience and they spoke to me,’ she said.
Mark nodded politely. ‘Hmm, okay…’
‘I know it sounds weird, but it was like a supernatural experience,’ she said trying to find the right words. ‘I kind of floated out of my body and spoke to them.’
Mark nodded. ‘It was probably all the nerves you were suffering from that were affecting your mind.’
‘It had to be,’ Jeanie said not entirely convinced.
Mark looked uncomfortable. ‘So, was that the one and only performance at this theater before you move on.’
‘Rod said the theater manager might allow us to squeeze in another performance next week as he doesn’t have much booked at the moment,’ Jeanie said. ‘But I’m not sure what day.’
Mark nodded and gave her arm a squeeze.
As they approached the Brasserie they spotted some cast members already seated inside including Rod and Lamar. The dancers were all there, as was Gail, Aunt Lucy and Ray. Jeanie noticed that Jasmine was in her wheelchair on the street corner talking to Dean, the manager she had almost fired. He appeared to be quite contrite.
Mark opened the glass doors of the Brasserie and everyone inside looked up and gave her a round of applause. Jeanie grinned. Rod stood up and beckoned them to his part of the long table which had been set up for them. Mark shook Rod’s hand warmly and they all sat down.
‘Where’s Jasmine?’ Rod asked.
‘She’s talking to her manager outside,’ Jeanie said. ‘I think she’s giving him a second chance.’
Rod shrugged. ‘Well, the bad news is Nosmo King couldn’t join us.’
Jeanie shot him a glance. ‘Oh really? Didn’t he like the show?’
Rod sighed. ‘He phoned and just said he had to go to New York but would talk tomorrow. But the fact that he came in person and didn’t just send some flunky is a good sign.’
Jeanie nodded.
‘However, the good news is two reporters from the east coast were at the theater,’ Rod said. ‘But where the hell they are now, I do not know. They didn’t even bother to take our pictures!’
‘And where are your folks, Rod?’ Jeanie asked.
‘Mine?’ Rod said. ‘They couldn’t come.’
Jeanie pulled a face. ‘Oh, shame.’
‘Never mind,’ Rod said glumly. 
‘I’m sorry,’ Jeanie said.
Rod shrugged. ‘But in any case, I think we’d better prepare ourselves for some bad reviews!’
Mark appeared incensed. ‘That can’t be so! The show was electric. Look at how the audience reacted. They went crazy!’
Someone tapped Jeanie on the shoulder. It was her aunt Lucy. ‘Jeanie that was literally the best show I have ever seen, and it wasn’t even a proper musical!’
Jeanie returned her hugs. ‘I’m so glad you were there auntie.’
Ray, standing next to her aunt gave Jeanie a kiss on the cheek. ‘It was great, really great!’
Lamar and Gail Hughes came over and patted Jeanie on the shoulder. 
‘Man you really can sing! I thought it was Celine Dion standing there!’ Lamar said.
‘You’re a credit to my college!’ Gail said giving her a hug.
Jeanie looked up at them and grinned ‘Thanks guys and Lamar, you were really good too!’
Rod suddenly stood up at the table. ‘I want to propose a toast to Jeanie and Jasmine and all the cast and especially the dancers!’
There were cheers around the table and glasses were raised and clinked. Then a set meal and drinks were served.
At that point the restaurant doors were noisily opened by Jasmine trying to negotiate her wheelchair over the threshold. Two of the dancers ran over to assist her.
Rod waved her over and they found her a spot at the table next to Jeanie and Mark. A waiter brought her a plate and Jeanie helped serve her. For the moment, any bad feeling Jeanie might have felt towards Jasmine had abated.
‘I feel so bad about what happened,’ Jasmine said.
Rod gave her a friendly squeeze. ‘Don’t be, it made for a better show!’
‘You think?’ Jasmine said genuinely concerned. ‘But Jeanie, I have to hand it to you, you were terrific. From now on I’m making you my role model!’
Jeanie patted her arm. ‘We’ll look after each other!’
Rod smiled at them. ‘Listen, I don’t care what the reviewers say, I know we’re going to sell some albums. The albums on sale in the theater lobby are all gone. Clive told me there was a scramble when the audience left the building.’
‘Oh great!’ Jeanie said pleased.
‘Where is Clive anyway?’ Jasmine asked.
‘Collecting our share of the box office receipts from the manager,’ Rod said. ‘It will be all cash which will have to be banked. Either that or the manager will give us a cheque. Clive will be along shortly.’
‘How much do you expect to take?’ Mark asked.
‘In excess of thirty thousand,’ Rod said dropping his voice. ‘We’ve already paid for the theater hire.’
‘Oh and before I forget,’ Jeanie said getting to her feet. She tapped a glass with a spoon and stood up. ‘Attention, I want to raise a toast to Rod, Clive and my friend Mark and my aunt Lucy and Ray and Gail and Lamar! What lovely people!’
Glasses were again raised and clinked. There was much laughter and self-applause.
‘That just about covers everything,’ Rod observed with a laugh.
Suddenly a little middle aged man with an old fashioned bowler hat walked into the brasserie with a camera. He approached the table. ‘I’m Deke Evens of the Provincial Globe,’  he said coming up to Rod and Jeanie. ‘I’ll be doing the local review of your show, which I thought was mind blowing and I wanted to take some pictures. The review will be the main entertainment story on page five.’
‘Oh fantastic,’ Rod said. ‘Snap away and then join us for supper!’
The reporter got to work with his flash camera, making an especial fuss of Jeanie and Jasmine. For Jeanie, it was beginning to feel like a real after-the-show dinner party. Everyone ended up with their picture being taken, and it was a good start. Jeanie just hoped there would be some positive coverage of the show by the bigger publications.
Mark seemed to be enjoying himself. One of the dancers recognised him from a tv ad campaign he once did to promote his business. But Jeanie thought she was paying him just a bit too much attention. The dancer retreated when she saw Jeanie’s disapproving look. 
Mark then got up from his chair to speak to Jeanie’s aunt Lucy and Ray down the table. He was clearly trying to get better acquainted.
What they were saying Jeanie couldn’t hear from her position at the end, but they all waved at her. Jeanie waved back thinking they were probably making jokes at her expense.
Mark then sauntered back. ‘What a lovely lady!’ he said. ‘Your aunt.’
‘What did she say?’ Jeanie asked.
‘That this was the best night of her life!’ Mark said. ‘I told her you saw a ghost!’
Jeanie frowned. ‘You didn’t?’
Mark shrugged. ‘We had to talk about something. But she said something strange. She said she wasn’t surprised!’
Everyone was apparently enjoying the huge spread that the record company had paid for. It was basically a mixture of everything on the menu with enough wine and beer to stock a small supermarket. Rod was getting well stuck in, but Jasmine was struggling.
‘I’m going to have to go to hospital,’ she whispered to Jeanie. ‘My foot is throbbing like mad!’
‘Do you need to go right this minute? Jeanie asked concerned.
‘No, it’s alright, Dean my manager will be picking me up in about half an hour and taking me.’
‘I thought you sacked him.’ Jeanie said.
Jasmine just grinned without answering. ‘He was only looking out for my interests. But I feel like such a fool.’
Rod looked at her over his glass of beer. ‘Don’t let it worry you. You came through in the end and that’s what matters.’
‘So you’re not going to let me go then?’ Jasmine said.
‘I couldn’t anyway, you’re under contract,’ Rod said with a laugh. ‘But I wouldn’t be so stupid. A business has to adapt to survive and we adapted, and the public loved it.’
‘Don’t underestimate your talent,’ Jeanie chipped in. ‘Your singing voice is quite unique. It reminds me of Karen Carpenter’s – really beautiful.’
‘Thanks Jeanie,’ Jasmine said. ‘That really means a lot. Maybe we can team up and do our own album!’
Rod gave them a comical look. ‘You just try it!’
Jeanie tweaked his arm. 
‘I’d sponsor it!’ Mark suddenly said. ‘I’d put up the initial capital!’
‘Really?’ Rod said thoughtfully. ‘So you wanna be in the music business?’
Mark shrugged. ‘Who doesn’t!’
‘So is that a serious offer to bankroll our label?’ Rod enquired.
Mark began to look cornered. ‘I could write it off as a tax expense.’
‘If you’re serious we should talk more,’ Rod suggested.
Mark laughed. ‘What I actually meant was starting my own label, but then what do I know.’
‘I wouldn’t recommend it,’ Rod replied. ‘The music business is full of crooks. Large sums of money just disappear.’
Gail Hughes suddenly approached them again. ‘I just wanted to say that tonight was an incredibly enjoyable evening, but I have to go unfortunately.’
‘Oh shame,’ Rod said looking up at her.
‘Yeah, got an early start tomorrow,’ Gail said. ‘Lamar is taking me home.’
Jeanie got up and gave her old teacher a hug. ‘I’ll make an effort to really keep in touch this time.’
‘I hope so, because there’s a lot I want to tell you,’ Gail said.
‘Okay,’ Jeanie replied curiously.
They watched Gail and Lamar leave the restaurant and Jeanie noticed that when they were in the street Lamar slipped his hand around her waist. This had not gone unnoticed by Rod, who had also observed this. His mood abruptly changed, and he became more off hand with Jeanie and Mark.
‘So where’s the next stop on your tour?’ Mark asked conversationally.
‘San Diego,’ Rod said appearing upset. ‘And maybe we’ll drop Lamar, but don’t quote me.’
Jeanie shot him a surprised look. ‘Huh? What? Why is that?’
‘He’s just a bit too cocky for his own good,’ Rod said.
‘But he’s a brilliant performer,’ Jasmine said.
Rod shrugged. ‘I agree but he’ll be after your spot next. And I don’t like his energy, too brash.’
‘Well I disagree,’ Jeanie said. ‘He fits in perfectly and he is so versatile.’
Rod looked into his beer. ‘I’ll think about it. I was going to put him on contract, but I’ve had second thoughts.’
Jeanie licked her lips. ‘I think he was one of the reasons why the show was such a success.’
‘Maybe,’ Rod replied, but it looked as if he had made up his mind. 
Chapter Five
Jeanie had never known Rod to be so excited. He phoned her the next day with the news that mogul Nosmo King loved the show and wanted to sign them up as featured artists on his network.
‘Why did he take so long to let us know?’ Jeanie asked as she sat on her sofa, the phone glued to her ear.
‘Nosmo wanted to read the reviews first,’ Rod explained. ‘He actually phoned me at seven in the morning to tell me. The Rodney Cornwell Experience is definitely a hit, he said.’
‘But how would this work?’ Jeanie enquired. ‘We have a label to run.’
‘All we need do is video a few songs at a private tv studio local to us and send the network the recordings,’ Rod said. ‘They’ll pay us ten grand per presentation which isn’t peanuts.’
Jeanie was thrilled. Micky picked up on her excitement and jumped about.
Just after Rod’s phone call, her phone rang again. It was the New York Gleaner. They apologised for leaving the theater early but had already printed a positive review of the show and wanted to come and do an interview. Jeanie agreed to meet them at a hotel the next day.
Gail Hughes then phoned to tell her that all the  reviews in the Bay Area news sheets were very positive. The show was without a doubt a success. Gail was also full of praise for Lamar. It was then that Jeanie knew for sure that from out of the blue, Gail and Lamar suddenly had a thing going. Jeanie could understand Rod being miffed about this. Gail was his territory as was Jasmine, and Lamar was being overly friendly with the both of them. Lamar probably wouldn’t last the month.
However, aside from that, it did appear to Jeanie that her own career as a singer as well as a songwriter was assured. But the situation only confused her. She was now wearing so many different hats that she wouldn’t know how to describe herself if asked. Also, she was interested to find that Jasmine, for all her swagger, was actually very vulnerable.
This reminded Jeanie of the extra caveat that had been put into Jasmine’s revised contract. The person who would know about it would be their lawyer, Tam Wong. Jeanie made a point of contacting him to find out more. In fact, as she had some time on her hands she phoned him straight away.
 ‘Tam, it’s Jeanie,’ she said phoning him at his office in San Francisco. 
‘Hey Janie, great show!’ he enthused. ‘I saw bits of it on Twitter and Youtube, people were filming and posting it.’
Jeanie blinked ‘Really?’
‘You’re going to clean up!’ the lawyer said.
‘I hope so, just to be able to pay your fees!’
Her lawyer laughed. ‘So what can I do for you, Jeanie?’
‘I’ve mislaid a document,’ Jeanie began slyly. ‘It’s entitled ‘Agreement C – addendum 17a,’ which is part of Jasmine Althea’s revised contract. Do you have a copy and what is it?’
There was a long pause at her lawyers end, and then he said, ‘Ah yes…’
Jeanie frowned. ‘Yes?’
‘It’s been removed for reasons of discretion,’ the lawyer said. ‘How can I describe it? It’s a conjugal agreement. It entitles Rod to personal access to Jasmine Althea on certain days of the week.’
‘What do you mean?’
‘For an extra fifteen grand a year it entitles Rod to have sexual relations with Jasmine on Wednesday and Friday evenings.’
Jeanie could hardly believe what he was saying. ‘What?’
‘That’s the jist of it,’ her lawyer said matter of factly. ‘Anything else I can do for you?’
Jeanie was stunned. ‘But that’s an egregious caveat isn’t it?’
‘Jasmine has signed it, so I guess it isn’t,’ Tam said.
‘Okay, thank you!’ Jeanie said putting down the phone.  She was in shock. She sat staring into space for several long moments. Micky came and sat at her feet and she bent forward and stroked his fluffy head. So Rod was exactly what Jeanie’s aunt thought he was, a manipulative womanising predator. But that was no big surprise.
Jeanie had a suspicion that something odd had been going on, but this really took the biscuit. He had effectively enslaved Jasmine, literally writing an enslavement clause into her contract. And this man was Jeanie’s business partner. Now that she knew, how could she turn a blind eye to it and let sleeping dogs lie? She would have to do something, otherwise she too, as the co-owner of Coolabah Records might be liable if a complaint was ever brought to court. And how too could she ever entertain Rod in her apartment again, or even let him touch her? It would be perverse.
But, as she had told herself countless times, her time with Rod was past. They had had their mad passionate fling when she was in college. But the scales have now finally been removed from her eyes, and despite the feelings she still had for him, it all had to stop.
And when he had grabbed her and tried to make love to her in the office, certainly she found it exciting, but she was now with somebody else. She had Mark and she couldn’t bring herself to betray him. Rod was just a remnant from her past and when she compared him to Mark, he was crude and unsubtle and insensitive and like an uncontrolled beast only interested in self-gratification. In fact, he appeared to have worsened over time.
When they had started up the company their connection was strictly business and love never came into it. They had been a pair of old flames pursuing a common financial goal and they both had separate partners. But this had recently metamorphosed into a claustrophobic no-holds-barred relationship which outsiders might have thought weird. And it was mainly all his doing. He was doing all the pursuing and it couldn’t be allowed to go on.
The easiest way out was to dissolve their business partnership. Even if he objected he couldn’t legally stop it. But it would be a pity now that they had an apparent hit on their hands. Their previous joint projects had resulted in quite good sales, but they didn’t translate into international  results. The hope was that this album would.
Jeanie wasn’t afraid of what dissolving their partnership might mean. Mark had already mooted the idea that he would put up some capital for another music project. Perhaps that was the way to go. Dissolve her involvement with Coolabah and establish another company. But then there would be legal wranglings over Coolabah’s intellectual property rights. It could go on for years.
But Jeanie viewed herself as a strongly independent person who didn’t need a Rod in her life necessarily. It was just the way things had played out. Her Aunt Lucy had encouraged her independence and it was a good character trait to have. If Jeanie were ever stuck on a desert island she would soon learn how to crack open the coconuts and get a bonfire going on the beach.
What  helped was that she now owned her own Los Angeles apartment, lock stock and barrel. Apart from some ground rent which she had to pay monthly, her expenses there were minimal. Also, the block where she lived was quite fashionable and even had its own private grocery store on the ground floor. In fact, she could just order shopping online and it would be brought up from the store. And she also had two parking spaces and had a great relationship with the security men in charge of the building. They watched over her car like hawks. 
As soon as she crossed the threshold of the block she knew she was on safe territory, safe from eviction and safe from crime. There had been no burglaries in that building ever. It gave her a wonderful sense of security.
In fact her relationship with the building manager and his staff felt very familial. They were such lovely, humble, helpful people. She could hug them all. They even sent her cards at Christmas and Easter. Jeanie shook her head. Now where do you get service like that? However, these people were normal and behaved normally and helped bring her down to earth.
The more she thought about it, the more she realised that Rod was by comparison an ass! A prized, stuck up, big headed, flirty, smarmy, pig of man with a charming smile. Take away the smile, she thought, and what were you left with?
But she had matured quickly over the last two years and now almost considered herself his equal as a musician and composer. Also, her voice was much better, with a greater range. His was all gravelly and stuck in the lower octaves. Pretentious idiot, she found herself thinking. Well, she didn’t need him!
And she could forgive herself for a having a crush on him all those years ago, because he had been famous. He appeared on tv and had his own albums out and he was a popular tutor at her college. She perceived him, at the time, as a god figure who could do no wrong in the world of music. But now, he was starting to repeat himself.
Once upon a time she craved him physically and dreamed of erotic scenarios where she found herself being alone with him. And then, have those fantasies come true. But her tastes had changed. She wanted some real intellectual connection with a man, not just sex without warmth. And now it was clear that he was getting desperate. He had even put a malicious clause into one of his employee’s contracts to satisfy his own base needs and it was unforgiveable.
And in a way, Rod was right, Jeanie thought, perhaps she herself had been leading him on subconsciously. But it had been subtle and could simply have been the recalling of old encounters. His use of graphic language during lovemaking had spurred her interest in the past. He would describe what he wanted to do to her, and this had previously made her pliable to him. Now, it just seemed crude and ignorant. The ‘F’ word no longer had the effect on her that it used to. She preferred gentler loving words, kind respectful words that were full of consideration. She no longer wanted to be a piece of meat for Rod’s sexual platter.
But she knew for her part, that emotions were still involved at some level. In a funny, awkward, backward way she still felt a twinge of warmth towards him. And certainly he could still arouse passions in her and then she would regret them. And they were deepening again. And try as she might she couldn’t quite swot them away. They were like a desert fly which kept buzzing around her head.
But one thing was certain, she was no longer afraid of him professionally. If he wanted to stymie her career he couldn’t. If he wanted to stop her ‘ever working again in this town,’ he would have hard job doing so. On that level, his power had faded. People would ignore him, she was certain. His recommendations no longer were the gold stamp they used to be.
The phone rang again. Jeanie just picked it up without thinking. ‘Hello?’
It was the Gleaner phoning to cancel their arrangement to meet her tomorrow saying that they would organise something next week citing schedule clashes. Jeanie frowned and hung up and the phone rang again straight away.
 ‘Is that the lovely and very talented Miss Colbert?’
‘This is Jeanie Colbert, who’s calling?’
‘Nosmo King, Lumis Syndication,’ he said in a strong midwestern accent. ‘I got your number from Rod Cornwall, I hope that’s alright. I’m phoning to say that I love you new album and I love you, but I think you need to drop Jasmine Althea!’
Jeanie blinked. Micky looked up at her.
‘Oh, well, you’ll need to speak to Rodney Cornwall about that, he’s the CEO,’ she stuttered.
‘I though her accident just before the show was very unprofessional,’ he said. ‘I’d like to meet with you and discuss your future with Lumis. If you’re interested in making some real money, then this is where your future lies.’
‘Oh, Mr King…’
‘Call me Ned…’
‘Er…Ned, thank you for your interest,’ she said. ‘But I thought you were considering showcasing the Rodney Cornwell Experience in its entirety?’
He laughed. ‘No disrespect, but the Rodney Cornwell experience sounds as dated as it sounds corny. Rodney, God bless him is all old hat now. You’re the light at the end of the tunnel!’
Jeanie was speechless. ‘I don’t know what to say…’
‘My Syndicate is prepared to take ‘The Experience’ onboard for a limited  season as long as your new album is selling and as long as you’re the prize at the end.’
‘The prize?’
‘I just want to sign you up,’ he said. ‘I’m thinking in terms of a three year contract which should net you close to four million dollars. We’ll have a separate licensing deal for the intellectual property. If all goes well, we’ll sign you up for another year after that.’
‘Well, Mr…Ned, I would really need to discuss this with Rod as he is my business partner.’
‘Of course,’ King said. ‘We’ll all get together and see what we can come up with. I don’t want to break anyone’s heart. I’ll be in touch!’ And he hung up. Jeanie looked at the phone and then at down at Micky who was wagging his tail. It was a good sign. But the man was a bit abrupt.
However, Micky would wag his tail whenever he saw Rod too, so perhaps it was a bad sign. There was something about Rod that the dog clearly liked. There was no doubt that Rod exuded a force, an energy or a bunch of pheromones and they were still keeping Jeanie and Micky hooked.
Mark on the other hand had a more subdued aura and seemed to be a more stable person all round. But it was impossible to say if her attraction to either man was based in true love. Was she ever truly in love with Rod? Or was it the frisson he generated around him which affected her? Good question, but she certainly loved his business acumen and was happy to be guided by him in that area. As for his music, it’s originality was something she was increasingly questioning.
And the issue of her feelings towards Mark still seemed wide open. It was clear that he would be quite happy to tie the knot, but she wasn’t so sure. The truth was, that Rod was the only man she had ever truly got excited about, but that was all in the past now. It had been replaced with a different collection of emotions altogether. The question of love was hard to pin down and qualify but was often used when it didn’t apply.
Some women, she thought, were quite happy to have one affair after the other, or perhaps a whole load of one night stands or short term liaisons. But what category was she in, Jeanie wondered? It seemed to her that of late she was still waiting to commit herself to that one special someone. And if it turned out to be Mark then that wouldn’t be so bad. It certainly could never be Rod again.
The phone rang and even Micky looked over at it. 
‘Hello?’ Jeanie said.
‘Jeanie? It’s Gail. ’
‘Oh Gail, hi, you okay?’
‘Yeah fine, look I want to ask you something, has Nosmo King contacted you yet?’
Jeanie frowned. ‘Well that’s weird because I spoke to him not fifteen minutes ago. Why?’
Gail paused. ‘Do you remember I said that I had some stuff to tell you?’
‘Yeah, and I was kinda wondering what you were talking about.’
‘Naturally,’ Gail replied. ‘Well I’m phoning you to give you a warning and I’m also asking for your discretion.’
‘A warning, that sounds ominous.’
‘It’s not as ominous as it sounds, although on one level it is,’ Gail said enigmatically.
‘Okay, shoot, I’m all ears,’ Jeanie replied feeling a bit nervous.
‘I have known Nosmo for many years and he has been a good friend of my college, so I owe him,’ Gail said. ‘So, I’m trusting that what I tell you will go no further. But that is up to you.’
Jeanie took a deep nervous breath. ‘Okay, so what is it?’
‘He told me something,’ Gail said. ‘He confessed to something which happened years ago. Actually he committed a crime.’
‘A crime?’
‘That’s right, but the man is riddled with guilt over it and he wants to make amends. He wants to make amends to you!’
‘To me?’ Jeanie was surprised and puzzled.
‘See he was barely in his twenties when it happened. But it has haunted him for years. If the police found out it was him, he’d go to prison for a long time. It’s weird that you both ended up in showbiz; it’s just one of those coincidences.’
‘Gail, what are you talking about?’
‘The man owes you,’ Gail said. ‘But if you put the finger on him, it could go badly for him.’
‘Gail, you really need to explain yourself properly.’
‘Jeanie, I think, on second thoughts this is something I need to tell you in person, it’s too important to tell you over the phone,’ Gail said.
‘Fine, when can we meet then?’ Jeanie said frowning. ‘I hope it’s soon because I’m going to be dying of suspense. But it can’t be today, I’m meeting Mark in an hour.’
‘Look, it’s nothing to worry about,’ Gail said. ‘And I think you’re going to be greatly benefited financially from this.’
Jeanie was lost for words. ‘Gail…I…’
‘I’ll phone you later but don’t worry about it,’ Gail said. ‘Love you!’
‘Love you too,’ Jeanie said and put down the phone and looked up at the ceiling.
*   *   *
Felhorne Park on West Randolph street is a large urban park in Los Angeles. It was a short walk from Jeanie’s apartment block and a place where she regularly met up with Mark. He in turn had an office quite close by so it was a handy location for them.
Mark was in the habit of getting his secretary to make up a small lunch hamper with sandwiches and coffee to go. They’d have it on a park bench. Today’s treat included wine, pickles and ‘pomme frittes’. The alternative was to sit in a busy lunchtime restaurant, but they both loved the park and when the weather was nice they’d go there.
Jeanie was tempted to bring Micky, but he was too small and would be too distracted by the ever-moving cavalcade of dogwalkers in the park. Mark was already there sitting on their favourite bench, smoking and reading the Los Angeles Sun-Times.
He smiled up at her and pushed the compact hamper over to her on the bench. ‘You’re late! You know I only get forty-five minutes.’
She sat down on the bench and opened the hamper and peered in. It all looked good and smelled great. ‘But you’re the boss, you can stay out all day if you wanted to.’ 
‘Yeah, but I’ve got to set an example,’ he said. He put out his cigarette. ‘So what’s the lunch lady made for us today?’
‘Salmon by the looks of it,’ Jeanie said unraveling the tissue paper around one of the bundles in the hamper. She looked up at him. ‘Are you okay? You seem grumpy.’
‘Radcliffe Cohn, CEO of Mayers department store got back to me,’ he said. ‘But he’s undecided about featuring my line of jewelry in his stores and has invited me to another party.’
‘So?’
‘So I’m hoping you’ll come to this one as well.’
‘How many parties do you have to go to before they take you on?’ Gail queried. ‘I mean, don’t they have buyers for that?’
‘Their buyer has been in touch and I’ve had two meetings with him already, but they can’t commit,’ Mark said. ‘Mr Cohn himself needs to sanction the deal. But he said although he loves my designs, my jewelry line is out of the price range of his typical customer. To get my stuff in his stores I would have to take a loss or lower the wholesale price!’
‘So the party is designed to sweeten you up?’
‘Who knows how these guys think,’ Mark said. ‘But I really need you there as my manikin again. But the last time I asked, you gave me a big argument.’
‘But I ended up going, didn’t I?’
‘So is that a yes, can you come?’ he asked.
‘What will it achieve?’
‘A lot,’ Mark said. ‘If you come dripping with my latest collection, which you can keep by the way, he might think twice about giving me a fairer shake.’
‘But the last party we went to kept me up all night and I was in no fit state for the next day, and I’m in the middle of a tour now!’
‘This could really boost my company’s profile,’ Mark said. ‘Cohn has a chain of over 235 stores internationally. I don’t really care about Fifth Avenue. I just want a slice of the bigger cake. I would become a theoretical billionaire within twelve months. Our shares would soar!’
‘Good,’ she replied. ‘But I mean, you could hire a couple of models to go with you wearing all your designs!’
‘It would look contrived,’ Mark said. ‘Like I was trying to sell to him. Guys like that don’t like being sold to!’
Jeanie put the sandwiches on the little paper plates his secretary had provided, and they began to eat. Jeanie poured the wine out into paper cups. It was a nice way to have lunch.
‘So, will you come?’ he said staring hard at her.
‘If I came could I leave early?’ she said.
‘You’re kidding me, right?’
Jeanie munched through her delicious sandwich. ‘No, I’m not. When is the damn party then?’
’Friday evening, and I really need you to be there,’ he said. ‘I mean if you refuse, I don’t know what…’
‘Is that a threat, Mark?’
He smiled wryly. ‘I’m far too polite a man. I’m just saying that if you don’t come, it’s going to make me wonder about the nature of our relationship.’
She shook her head. ‘Friday is just bad timing,’ she said. ‘We have two shows to do on that day at the same venue, a matinee and a late performance. It would kill me to go to a party as well!’
Mark nodded. He clearly wasn’t enjoying his sandwich. ‘Okay, I’ll take Lorna then.’
Jeanie look up at his face. ‘That’s your statuesque friend, isn’t it?’
He nodded. ‘She’ll look good in my stuff.’
‘Okay,’ Jeanie said not wanting to argue. She knew that Lorna was one of the women on the periphery of Mark’s life, but there was no romantic connection between them as far as she knew.
‘I don’t know what your problem is,’ he said staring at the big oak tree opposite them. ‘Don’t you care about my interests?’
‘Of course I do,’ she replied.
‘Really? Well it seems to me that I’m supportive of you, but you don’t reciprocate. All you seem to care about is your music career. Everything else and everyone else can go to hell!’
‘That’s no fair,’ she said heatedly. ‘I could say the same about you.’
‘Sure I’m a career person, but I make allowances for you,’ he replied. ‘I’ve deviated from my schedule many a time for you.’
‘Well bully for you,’ she said staring up at the sky. ‘You can do that because you’re the boss. But in my case, although I’m one of the bosses, I have to do a lot of hands-on stuff. And it’s creative work which needs hours of concentration and rehearsal.  It mentally wears me out. It’s a strain.’
‘Then maybe you need to lighten your load,’ he said. ‘Coming with me to a party would be a good antidote. Okay, we’ll leave early if you really need to.’
She shook her head. ‘You say that, but we’d probably end up staying till three or four in the morning.’
He moved towards her and gripped her arm. ‘You see, that’s what I mean! You’ll say anything to get out of being with me. I’m amazed that you’ve even agreed to meet me here!’
‘What are you talking about?’ she threw at him. ‘We meet here at least once a week.’
‘Yeah for fifteen minutes and then you have to rush!’ he said.
She stood up. ‘You just don’t get it do you? My life isn’t really my own.’
‘Where you going?’
‘I have things to do, Mark,’ she replied. ‘I’ll speak to you later.’
Mark threw his half eaten sandwich at the pigeon which was cautiously stalking him by the bench.
Jeanie looked at it and then marched off. She felt like exploding or something but kept her head up and her eyes forward. She was upset that he didn’t appreciate what she did do for him. There was a lot, but she didn’t feel like itemising it in her head at the moment. 
But he was right on one point, she did need an antidote of some sort. Some musicians and performers turned to drugs to cope with the strain. In her case she relied just a little too much on alcohol. That and a relaxing bath and then the sofa. Going to a noisy party full of strangers was not really her idea of chilling out.
However, how long could she keep this up? How many albums could she tolerate doing before she cracked up. No wonder performers like Sinatra kept retiring. People burn out in this industry and like airplanes needed a lot of down time. But she wasn’t getting any at the moment. Not much anyway.
Instead of going to the studio for a rehearsal, she went back to her apartment and phoned Rod explaining that she wasn’t feeling well. However, she assured him that she’d be at the Pinkus Theater on Friday for the matinee performance of the show without fail. Rod sounded annoyed and said that he didn’t need another diva and hung up. Of course he was making an indirect reference to Jasmine. But she was hardly a diva.
Micky had been overjoyed to see her home so early. Then when the cleaner arrived, she too was surprised to see her. Suddenly Jeanie just erupted into tears.
The cleaner rushed over to her. ‘Miss Jeanie, oh dear, are you alright? Please sit down, I make you something nice, you hungry?’
‘I’ve just eaten thank you, Lilly,’ Jeanie said wiping her eyes. ‘I’m just a bit overworked at the moment. And the men in my life don’t understand.’
Lilly nodded. ‘Tell me about it! Can I get you a coffee?’
‘That would be nice,’ Jeanie replied. ‘I’ve just been drinking wine, but it’s made he feel worse.’
Lilly went into the open plan kitchen and got the percolator fired up. She quickly made Jeanie a mug of the beverage and brought it in. ‘Maybe you should relax more, Miss Jeanie?’
‘You got that right,’ Jeanie said sitting on her beloved sofa.
‘Sometimes it’s good to get advice,’ Lilly said putting on her apron.
‘Advice?’
‘You know from a psíquico,’ Lilly said. ‘A psychic. I use them all the time and often they are so right. They told me I will marry soon and won’t have to work so hard.’
Jeanie frowned. ‘Oh, are you leaving me?’
Lilly shook her head. ‘I will never leave you, Miss Jeanie. You are too nice.’
‘Bless you,’ Jeanie said. ‘So are they really good? I mean have they really helped you?’
‘There is one called Diego who is very good,’ Lilly said. ‘Everyone in our community goes to him. He sees everything. They say he has the eye of God.’
‘How much does he charge?’
‘He just takes a donation,’ Lilly said. ‘He gave my brother some lottery numbers and he won five thousand dollars.’
‘Impressive. Does he do phone readings?’
‘Yes, but it is better if you see him in person,’ Lilly told her. ‘He can come to your apartment if you wish.’
‘If it can be arranged, that would be good,’ Jeanie said. ‘Would you come too? It would make me feel safer.’
‘No problem.’
‘Okay, arrange it, for me if you don’t mind,’ Jeanie said. ‘An evening appointment would be perfect.’
‘I bring him tonight if you wish?’
‘Tonight? Okay, yes that would be really good, if you don’t mind,’ Jeanie said. ‘I’ll make it worth your while.’
‘Don’t worry,’ Lilly said with compassion in her eyes. ‘I am unhappy that you are unhappy, and I only want to help you.’
‘Thank you, Lilly,’ Jeanie raised an eyebrow. ‘This guy is okay isn’t he? I mean he wouldn’t do anything?’
Lilly laughed. ‘He is an old man with a walking stick, and he wouldn’t hurt a fly!’
*   *   *
Jeanie had no idea when Lilly would return with Diego and was beginning to wish she hadn’t arranged it. But she had rested and had managed to put Mark’s bitter words out of her mind. Then at about seven o’clock there was a tap on the door. Although Lilly had the keys to get in, it would have been disrespectful to simply barge in with a stranger when Jeanie was at home.
Jeanie opened the door to let Lilly in.
‘Miss Jeanie this is Mr Diego Magello,’ Lilly said introducing them. Micky jumped up at the man wagging his tail madly.
A small grey haired man with a grizzly beard and a stick smiled at her and extended his hand. Jeanie shook it and then realised with surprise that the man was blind. ‘Mr Magello, thank you for coming, please come in.’
‘Miss Jeanie, you do me honour,’ the psychic said in a broad Spanish accent smiling.
‘You do me honour,’ Jeanie replied leading the man through to the lounge.
Lilly helped get the man seated. ‘I will be in the kitchen if you need me,’ she said.
Diego had been seated on the sofa with Jeanie opposite him on an easy chair. ‘So Mr Magello, thank you for coming.’
‘I am pleased to be here,’ the psychic said. ‘The Lord leads, and I follow.’
Jeanie nodded. ‘That’s reassuring.’
The psychic laughed. ‘Indeed it is. Now I have two people here, with us now.’
‘Two people?’
‘Do not be upset when I say this, Miss Jeanie, but they are your mother and father.’
Jeanie gulped. ‘Oh.’
The psychic continued. ‘They are saying that forgiveness is a noble act, and you must learn to forgive. They say there is someone you must forgive.’
‘You must mean my boyfriend Mark,’ she said. ‘He was a bit mean to me today.’
‘No, it is deeper than that,’ the psychic said. ‘I am talking about a terrible thing that happened when you were young, when sadly both your parents were swept away.’
Jeanie was rooted to her chair. This was something she had never discussed with Lilly.
‘They tell me that you were all involved in a terrible accident,’ the psychic said. ‘Oh, my heart, oh my heart wants to break. It was terrible…’
Jeanie stared at him speechlessly. ‘Yes…’
‘I see a car collision,’ the psychic said. ‘Two cars in a collision and your parents were swept away, but you survived. You were rescued by the other driver, a man. But he was to blame.’
Jeanie’s hands were gripping the arms of her chair, her breaths becoming shorter.
Lilly came back into the room concerned by Diego’s words. ‘Miss Jeanie?’
Jeanie held up her hand. ‘I need to hear this!’
The psychic wiped his own eyes on the back of his hand. ‘I feel the pain very strongly, forgive me.’ Then to Jeanie astonishment the old man began to cry openly. It was a shocking sound to hear as if he were channeling her pent-up pain of all those years. Micky reacted by cowering away.
‘Mr Magello are you alright?’ Jeanie said forcing back her own tears.
‘Sometimes I get too close to my client’s misfortunes,’ he said wiping his eyes. ‘Pardon me please. But your parents are with me now. They said they came to see you recently and they are so proud of you. But you need to be strong and you need to forgive the man who caused you such grief. In his heart he wants to apologise to you. He wants to throw himself at your mercy. I don’t know if you will meet him. I don’t think you will, but there is some confusion over this.’
‘Do you have a name?’ Jeanie said regaining control of herself.
‘It isn’t clear,’ the psychic said. 
‘And you’re saying that he caused the accident?’
The old man nodded. ‘He was driving the other car that hit the car you were in. He had been drinking because he was depressed; his mind wasn’t in the right place. You were very young at the time. He took you to the hospital and left you there. Thanks to him you are okay, but also thanks to him, you are without a mother and father.’
‘I see,’ Jeanie said. 
‘You probably will not meet this man, spirit are telling me,’ the psychic said.
‘I won’t?’
‘No, but I’m getting confused messages on that point,’ Diego said with a frown.
‘Aren’t my parents angry with him?’ Jeanie asked. ‘If I knew his name I could report him to the police?’
The psychic was thoughtful. ‘That is up to you and yes they were angry. But on the other side things are looked at differently. Holding on to grievances takes the soul backwards.’
Jeanie stared at him waiting for some more revelations, but Diego was silent.
Then he said, ‘But your prospects for the future could go in either direction. Up or down, and I’m talking about your career. You father says beware of treachery…’
‘Treachery?’ Jeanie repeated. This was some reading.
At these words Lilly came out of the kitchen again her face concerned. ‘Diego, don’t scare her please!’
‘It’s alright Lilly, I want to hear what Diego has to say.’
The psychic’s face was tense with concentration. ‘I am being told that there may be future plans to hurt your company. Does that make any sense to you?’
Jeanie took a deep breath. ‘Really? Can you give me more information?’
The psychic looked at her with his sightless eyes. ‘There is a new person under a contract I think with your company, and they want her to be the one.’
‘They want her to be the one?’ Jeanie repeated without comprehension. ‘The one for what purpose?’
‘I’m seeing a CD cover and her face on it, a young woman with a good voice,’ the psychic said. ‘An executive at your company wants her to be the new face of your project. Does that make any sense?’
Jeanie nodded. ‘Yes.’
‘This executive has no heart,’ the psychic said. ‘He is engaged in business behind your back. You will be the loser possibly. I see drugs. Connection with drugs. He tried to make you look like a fool, but you proved you have great talent.’
‘I think I understand,’ Jeanie said with a heavy sigh.
‘Diego, I think you are making Miss Jeanie upset,’  Lilly said again.
‘I’m sorry if this news is not good,’ Diego said sighing and rising to his feet and gripping his stick.
‘I’m glad you told me,’ Jeanie replied also standing up. ‘Now I can plan what to do.’
The old man nodded. ‘I will not charge you for this as the news is so bad.’
‘You must take something I insist,’ Jeanie said supporting the psychic’s arm. ‘Please.’
‘His usual fee is fifteen dollars,’ Lilly said.
Jeanie went and got her purse and pressed thirty dollars into the old man’s hand. Although he was blind he recognised the amount straight away. ‘Miss Jeanie, you are most kind. I will pray for a happy outcome to your situation. I will pray to my namesake, St Diego also called Didacus of Alcalá. Bless you.’
‘Thank you, Diego,’ Jeanie said. ‘Perhaps we can meet again.’
Lilly led him out. When she came back she was full of recriminations. ‘I am sorry Miss Jeanie for such a bad reading. Usually he gives good news.’
‘No, that’s fine,’ Jeanie said. ‘It was a good reading. Forewarned is forearmed so they say!’ 
Chapter Six
Jeanie was not surprised by what the psychic had said and knew the man was being sincere. It appeared that she had reached a moment of truth, a crossroads in her life and she had some choices to make. 
Jeanie recalled Rod talking about ‘the majors’, the big music labels, and implying that they were showing interest in their little company. But he didn’t say any more. It could well be that he was doing a deal with one of them behind her back. Perhaps Coolabah Records had come to the end of the road and was about to be absorbed into one of the bigger music corporates. 
Rod might be on the brink of selling his holding in the company.  It was also likely that Tony Letwell, their other partner in jail, would follow his lead. This would effectively leave Jeanie in the lurch. She would then only have a third of the stock and would be in the minority.
Jasmine could then become the preeminent talent, the star, the new face on their album and future albums. Jeanie could be dropped, although she would be due for a substantial payout, but the big corporates were hard bargainers. There would also be all that haggling over intellectual property rights. It would be a headache.
And then there was Nosmo King, apparently galloping to the rescue. Jeanie was trying to fit all the pieces of the puzzle together. However, it did look that she was going to be cast adrift, even if she wouldn’t lose out financially. But that wasn’t the point. She cared about Coolabah Records and was proud of it. It was her and Rod’s baby, as off-putting as that sounded.
Rod was one of these characters who was hard to read. She knew he could be duplicitous in the extreme. The word ‘cruel’ crept into her mind. Yes, in his own way he was a bit cruel, selfish and inconsiderate. Whenever he played nice it was usually just an act.
But she was now convinced that soon he would make his move. He was moving towards  cutting her out of his personal and business life, which wouldn’t be a bad thing, Jeanie thought. She should still continue to get royalties for the songs she had written, although a big company could make a claim on their authorship.
The problem with that, was that she might have to employ expensive lawyers to continue receiving her entitlements. And in her experience lawyers were almost invariably pricey. They billed by the hour even if it just involved filing away a document, and usually greatly inflated the cost of simple admin. A phone call lasting two minutes would be billed at twenty to fifty dollars. An email from a partner could be upward of two hundred dollars. They really needed to be regulated, but with so many lawyers in government, they were a powerful lobby. 
And probably Rod knew that he would be handing her a nasty crock of legal troubles and expenses. It was as if he was trying to ger even with her, but over what? Did he resent the fact that her songwriting was better than his? Was he tired of her challenging him creatively? Did he resent the fact that she said that she might leave the company? Although, she hadn’t really meant it.
Or did he have long term plans for Jasmine and didn’t want Jeanie poking her nose into them? Jasmine was young, impressionable, sexy. Jeanie, by comparison, although more beautiful, was ‘old meat’ at twenty-six, by comparison. Men liked taught skin around the eyes, perfectly trim waists and thighs, shapely tight buttocks. It was sickening. They never stopped seeing women as objects. She knew that Rod was an ‘ass man’ and was now looking at Jasmine as Jeanie’s replacement.
It didn’t help either that Mark was apparently beginning to get disenchanted with her. Perhaps she should have consented to go to that party with him. There was still time to change her mind. However, she couldn’t let these issues plague her, not with the show coming up on Friday. She needed to be in top form to do her bit of performing. But she wasn’t clear whether Jasmine would be okay by then. Even if she wasn’t, she could still go on in a wheelchair. Perhaps they could make that a permanent part of the show, Jeanie mused half seriously with a smile.
*   *   *
Neither Rod, Mark nor Nosmo bothered contacting her in the intermediate days. Perhaps they simply didn’t want to chase her up. But now, here she was backstage, about to go on at the Pinkus Theater to do the matinee. She could hear the people coming into the auditorium. Despite the early hour, the performance was sold out mainly to mothers and their kids. This was surprising because the music was somewhat old hat, but the country edge to it must have appealed.
Even when she had arrived at the theater, Rod kept his distance. He also seemed to be avoiding Lamar who was looking crestfallen. The only person who seemed to be bright eyed and bushy tailed was Jasmine who was back on her feet.
Lamar approached Jeanie as soon as she entered the dressing room. ‘Hey Jeanie, what’s going on?’ he queried. ‘I feel like I’ve done something wrong.’
‘You haven’t done anything wrong,’ Jeanie told him. ‘But a word of advice. Don’t mess with Rod’s women!’
‘Huh!’ Lamar said surprised.
‘Gail Hughes and Rod used to have a thing going on, but he’s still got his clutches into her, so don’t go there.’
‘Jeanie, it was her chasing me!’ Lamar said his eyes wide. ‘You wouldn’t believe what she was doing under the table at our first night party!’
‘I don’t want to know,’ she replied. ‘Rod saw you with your arm around her.’
‘Jesus,’ Lamar said. ‘So that’s me out on my ear then?’
‘Not if I’ve got anything to do with it,’ Jeanie said. ‘You’re one of the best things to happen to our little company.’
‘Thanks Jeanie,’ Lamar said. ‘I’ll even get down on my knees and beg Rod not to let me go if I have to.’
There was a sudden bang on the dressing room door which swung open, it was Rod. ‘Ah, so that’s where you’ve been hiding!’
Jeanie stared at him. ‘Rod!’
‘So you’re feeling better now I take it?’ he said staring at her slightly open cleavage. ‘I like what you’re wearing, you should wear that today onstage.’
‘You’re kidding me,’ she replied.
‘No, it looks good, but do whatever,’ Rod said eyeing Lamar.
‘You okay boss,’ Lamar said nervously.
‘Why shouldn’t I be?’ Rod said.
‘No reason.’
Rod nodded and then walked around the small dressing room. ‘Jasmine’s back to normal so, Jeanie, you only need to do two songs, maybe only one.’
‘Two is fine,’ Jeanie said.
Rod nodded. ‘Maybe Lamar doesn’t have to sing today.’
‘Why not Rod?’ Lamar said his eyes haunted.
‘It’s sometimes good to change around a format,’ Rod said. ‘Jasmine said she would do all the numbers. But that would be greedy.’
‘I like singing,’ Lamar said.
‘And he does a damned good job of it,’ Jeanie chipped in.
‘Yes, he’s a talented guy,’ Rod said. ‘But he doesn’t look like a cowboy, more like a saxophone player, which is what he is.’
‘Are you okay, Rod?’ Jeanie asked.
‘Yeah, I’m okay, why?’
Both Jeanie and Lamar exchanged quizzical glances.
Rod laid a hand on Jeanie’s arm. ‘So I’m thinking that today, as it’s only a matinee we could do an experiment. Let Jasmine carry the whole show and see how she does.’
‘What?’ Jeanie said. ‘No, that’s a bad idea.’
‘Why? It could be her punishment for letting us down on the first night,’ Rod said oddly, or was he joking.
‘But you said she was great,’ Jeanie said.
‘Did I?’ Rod said frowning at her.
‘Rod, are you trying to tell me  and Lamar something?’ Jeanie asked. ‘Because if you are, I don’t appreciate your sneakiness.’
Rod shook his head. ‘Okay, okay, I’m sorry! Look, I’m just stressed. We’ll do what we originally rehearsed.  Jeanie you do you’re two songs and a duet with me. Lamar do your number as you did the last time. Jasmine will do all her songs. But Lamar you and I need to have a talk later.’
Lamar nodded. ‘Okay Rod, thanks.’
Rod gave him a funny look. ‘We’ve got about ten minutes before show time.’
Jeanie frowned at Lamar who pulled a face.
*   *   *
For some reason Jasmine behaved as if she was on top of the world. When the curtain opened, Lamar and the band on stage broke into a cacophonous intro, and standing behind her mic, Jasmine burst into song.  Her vocal range was impressive. She had the audience on its feet in no time. To Jeanie it looked as if the show might turn into ‘a cult of Jasmine.’ 
But it was impossible to dislike the girl as she was so pleasant. Not at all bitchy or back biting. This was in contrast to what Lamar had said about Jasmine, calling her a ‘user’ and a ‘hoe’. Perhaps Jasmine had rejected any advances he might have previously made, and he was annoyed. 
However, Jeanie couldn’t help admiring her talent even though she was her main competitor.  In fact, Jasmine in her turn seemed to look up to Jeanie, and they were starting to form a bond. It made Jeanie think of those blood and guts Hollywood movies where the two gladiator opponents had become friends. They would even have been honoured to be struck down by the other man.
When it was time for Jeanie to do her first of the two songs, she gave it her all and saw Jasmine applauding her from the wings. When Jeanie came off Jasmine hugged her. ‘You were wonderful and what a great song! Was that one of Rod’s?’
‘No one of mine actually,’ Jeanie said.
‘Oh God, could you write me one?’ Jasmine asked.
‘We could write it together,’ Jeanie replied.
Rod glowered at the two women as he stood by the curtain. He came over and said. ‘You weren’t bad, but it sounded a little raspy.’
‘Raspy?’ Jeanie queried.
Rod shrugged. ‘That’s how I heard it.’
Once again the dancers flooded onto the stage like a runaway express train and either you got out of their way or got trampled on. They were starting to form a little Lamar appreciation society. This was another reason why Rod was ticked off with him, Jeanie thought. But apart from his talent, Lamar was so damned good looking, and was bound excite jealousy in other men. He was all muscle and beautifully chiseled jawbone, with dynamic friendly eyes and brilliantly white teeth.
Lamar starting singing and the dancers did their thing around him. Jeanie could see Rod sending him dagger-like hateful looks. Then Rod disappeared and a minute later Lamar’s mic suddenly went dead, and he was without sound. There was an immediate puzzled reaction from the audience.
Lamar desperately tapped his mic and made signs to the technicians in the booth at the back of the theater. The audience groaned. It took the technicians about thirty seconds to get the mic working again but it had ruined Lamar’s song. Jeanie frowned. She knew that Rod had deliberately tried to scupper Lamar’s number by pulling out a cable somewhere. Lamar stoically finished his number and picked up his saxophone ready for Jasmine’s next song.
The dancers ran off and Jasmine ran on. It was like Grand Union Station.
Jeanie went up to Rod backstage, her hackles rising. ‘What the hell happened there?’
Rod shrugged. ‘How should I know. The idiot must have switched his mic off.’
‘The mics don’t have switches,’ she said. ‘Rod please don’t do this!’
He shot her an evil look. ‘Do what? What is your problem lady?’ He stormed away.
The rest of the show went as planned with Jeanie enjoying her second number, and even Lamar looked happier. Jeanie did her duet with Rod towards the end and he acted as sweetly as a proverbial nut. But then it was another triumph. The applause made the rafters vibrate and one of the smaller stage lights fell onstage with a crash.
The theater may have been inconspicuous in the great scheme of things, but positive word would travel. Somehow people got to know if a show was worth seeing or not, and it was called word of mouth. In some respects it was a magical social phenomena.
It would pave the way for the rest of their short tour. But of course there was still an evening performance to do, but so far pre-booked box office receipts were more than healthy. Clive informed everyone that all the theaters on their tour were now either completely booked up or sold out.
‘Is this a hit or is this a hit?’ Clive said.
But Rod didn’t look as ecstatic as he should have been. ‘Jeanie can we have a word?’ he said.
Jeanie frowned. ‘Okay, in my dressing room.’
Rod followed her to the dressing room and then shut the door and slid the little latch. Now no one could come in. ‘Take a seat!’ he said folding his arms.
Jeanie humbly did as she requested and stared at him curiously. There was obviously something wrong, but surely not with the show, apart from the glitch with Lamar’s microphone. But she was sure Rod himself had caused it. 
Rod pulled out what looked like a homemade marijuana cigarette, a roach, and lit it up. He puffed away for a moment as he studied her. ‘Want a drag?’ The room was filling with its distinctive herby smell.
She shook her head. ‘No thanks.’
‘Hmm,’ he said still staring at her.
Jeanie frowned. It was beginning to feel like Chinese torture. ‘Well?’
He suddenly smiled. ‘A little dickie bird tells me you’ve been snooping around, namely into Jasmine’s contract! Tam told me.’
‘I’m your partner I need to know what’s going on in our company!’ Jeanie said.
‘Did you say our company?’ Rod said. ‘Because sometimes it feels like I’m the only one doing any work around here!’
Jeanie frowned. ‘Excuse me? Are you for real! I work my ass off for this company and you know I do. Smoking that shit is addling your mind, man!’
‘Language!’ Rod chided her with a smile. ‘But Jeanie as you know, contracts are my department. We agreed that at the beginning.’
‘That’s unrealistic,’ she responded. ‘I also have a stake in what monies are being spent, although I’m glad you’re cutting Jasmine a good deal. I just don’t like the addendum! I think it’s disgusting. You’re treating her like a prostitute!’
Rod laughed. ‘Well, Jasmine seems perfectly fine with it. But when Tam told me you were asking questions, I realised that I should try to do good by the girl.’
‘What do you mean?’
‘We got married last night!’
Jeanie looked amazed. ‘You married her?’
Rod’s laughed. ‘I’m just kidding! God you’re so gullible.’
‘I don’t think that’s funny.’
‘You don’t find anything funny,’ Rod said. ‘In fact, it’s your lack of a sense of humour that I hate so much. Why can’t you lighten up?’
‘Is that all you want to talk to me about?’ she said with a sigh.
‘No,’ he said moving to the other side of the room. ‘I don’t like it when you take sides against me. What do you talk to Lamar about?’
‘The music, look Rod, I don’t know what’s got into you lately, but it’s starting to creep me out!’ She got up from her chair and opened a window. ‘Do you have to smoke that stuff around me, it stinks?’
‘You should try it, it expands the mind,’ he replied.
She smiled to herself. ‘Yeah, sure.’
‘And you say I creep you out,’ he said. ‘Do you know what creeps me out?’
‘Surprise me.’
‘Your hanger on!’
‘Jeanie frowned. ‘Who?’
‘Mark what’s-his-face,’ Rod said pulling a face. ‘I guess it’s a silly question to ask, but is he bedding you?’
‘Rod, that is none of your business!’
He took another deep drag on the roach and coughed. ‘I think he resents me. He hates the fact that you and I are business partners! And so now he wants to get in on the act and be in the business himself!’
‘He was just being conversational,’ she replied. ‘He’s got his hands full with his own business.’
‘I think he was serious,’ Rod said. He lowered his voice. ‘So tell me. Who’s better in the feathers? Me or him?’
Jeanie looked at her wristwatch. ‘If that’s all you want to talk about, I’d like to go now please.’
‘Just a minute,’ he said. ‘I’m interested. Are you going to marry this guy?’
Jeanie sighed again. ‘Actually, you’ll be pleased to know that we had an argument. Kind of an argument. He thinks that because I’m tied up all the time that I don’t spend enough time with him. I think he thinks I neglect him.’
He nodded. ‘I see. Well that proves it.’
‘Proves what?’
‘Proves that he doesn’t understand people like us,’ Rod said his tone subtly changing. ‘We’re musicians and it comes from a deep place. It consumes us. And what does he do? Sit on his ass all day sketching designs for bracelets!’
‘He does well at it,’ she said. ‘He’s about to become a billionaire, maybe.’
‘Hmm, well, well!’ Rod said as he stared at the little glowing light at the end of his roach.
‘Is that all?’
‘Just let me say this,’ Rod said waving a finger. ‘I don’t think it’s going to last. He’s trying to de-motivate you. He hates the fact that you’re doing the thing you love and that you’re with me.’
‘That may be true,’ she said. ‘So perhaps I should try harder to make it work with him.’
‘So how much do you love him then?’ Rod asked his eyes penetrating hers.
‘Is this twenty questions?’ she said walking to the door. 
Rod moved quickly and blocked her. ‘Just one second…’
‘What?’
‘I’m just trying to give you some advice here,’ he said. ‘Drop him. He’s no good for you!’
‘You don’t know that.’
‘I can see it,’ he said. ‘Since he’s been on the scene, you’ve been distant, like you can’t concentrate on what we’re trying to do. He’s upsetting your balance.’
Jeanie blinked and stared at the floor. ‘Well, let’s just see what happens. In any case, I don’t want to discuss my private life with you. It’s up to me to figure it all out.’
‘But it helps to get another perspective on it,’ he said.
She suddenly smiled. ‘I know you. You just want me to be your convenient lay! Admit it!!’
His eyes shot to hers. ‘It’s not that, no. You misunderstand me.’
‘If it is, then it’s not going to work,’ she said harshly. ‘I don’t want to be anyone’s convenient anything.’
‘I’m not asking you to be,’ he said. ‘I just don’t want you to let the guy take you over or make you over. You’re fine as you are. I mean, don’t let him put you off your goal in life.’
She shook head. ‘Rod, I’m tired. But I’m in control of the situation, okay?’
He nodded. ‘If you say so.’
‘I’m a big girl now, not the naïve student I was when you first met me,’ she said. ‘So thanks for your good advice. But let me tell you what’s really worrying me…’
‘Go for it,’ he stared at her.
‘Are you doing deals with major record companies behind my back?’
Rod looked shocked. ‘What gave you that idea?’
She shrugged. ‘Well are you?’
He evaded her eyes and stubbed the roach out in an ashtray on the vanity table. ‘I told you they were showing interest in us but it hasn’t gone beyond that.’
‘No?’
‘Not, but they think we’re progressives,’ he said.
‘Like whom?’
‘It doesn’t matter,’ he said giving her a funny look. 
‘Rod, I’m your partner in this enterprise and you can’t go sneaking around behind my back like this.’
‘Who’s sneaking around?’ he said. ‘I get to talk to a lot of people in the course of a day.’
She frowned. ‘Has Nosmo King spoken to you recently?’
‘No, why?’
‘Because he phoned me and said that he thought the Rodney Cornwall Experience was out of date!’
‘What?’ This time Rod really did look shocked. ‘You’re joking?’
‘No, and he said he just wants to sign me up, but he doesn’t want to break any hearts.’
Rod clenched his fist. ‘The sonofa…’
‘Can I go now?’
He nodded silently. ‘Go.’ He sighed heavily. ‘But don’t be late for tonight!’
*   *   *
Luckily, the theater was only a half-hour’s drive from her apartment block which was why she was able to quickly go back home. But in future, at other venues, she would have to wait around all day to do the two shows, matinee and evening.
As she was driving back, her phone went. It was Rod. ‘Jeanie? Look, I thought I’d phone you and tell you that actually I wasn’t joking,’ he said.
‘Joking? About what?’ she asked conscious that she was breaking the highway code by talking on her phone while driving.
‘You’ll read about it in the papers tomorrow,’ he said. ‘But I don’t want you to get upset.’
‘What are you talking about?’
‘You’ll soon find out, but it was Jasmine’s idea.’
‘Rod, please put me out of my misery and tell me what the hell you’re referring to?’
There was a long pause at Rod’s end, then he said. ‘It was even her idea to sign a pre-nup!’
‘A pre-nuptial agreement?’ Jeanie repeated, almost skidding off the road. She pulled the car over as soon as she could. ‘So you did marry Jasmine then?’
‘Yeah, in a Los Vegas chapel last night, but it doesn’t mean anything,’ he said in a quiet voice. ‘See, you don’t know the half of it.’
‘Maybe you could tell me,’ Jeanie said now convinced that Rod had completely lost his marbles.
Rod paused then in a deflated voice said, ‘I don’t want to tell you really. It’s a long story, but see I’m badly in debt. I’ve been in debt to the IRS for almost as long as I can remember. And I’ve been paying them off by doing a little hustle on the side.’
‘Hustle?’
‘Drug shipments from Mexico, but only to pay my taxes,’ he said. ‘But then the Ranada boys got involved, and now I’m in debt to them as well. They’re threatening to kill me if I don’t pay up.’
‘What? Who the hell are the Ranada boys?’ she queried, her mind going in several directions at once. 
‘You don’t want to know.’
‘What’s this got to do with Jasmine?’ she asked.
‘Nothing, except that we thought if we got married it would get us a little bit more publicity for the show,’ he said. ‘Because I really need the money.’
‘You married her for the publicity?’ Jeanie couldn’t believe her ears.
‘As I say it was her idea,’ he explained. ‘She thought we could both benefit, and I really need this show to take off, not just locally but nationally. Then after six months we’d get divorced and I’d pay her a few thousand for her time and trouble. But it will be splashed all over the papers.’
‘A publicity stunt?’ Jeanie said.
‘It could help us get bookings out east,’ he said.
‘Jesus, Rod, you must be desperate! I find this hard to believe.’
‘It is,’ he said. ‘And I was going to ask you if you could ask Mark to help out.’
‘Ask him to help you pay your tax bill?’ she said. ‘After what you said about him?’
‘I’d give him part of my share in the business as collateral,’ Rod said.
‘God, Rod I dunno,’ she said thoughtfully. ‘How much do you need?’
‘I owe nearly a million,’ he said.
‘A million?’
‘How much can Mark lend me?’ Rod said. ‘I mean, didn’t he say he was interested in getting into the business? This could be his way in.’
‘Rod, I can’t promise anything,’ Jeanie said. ‘I’d have to speak to him.’
‘I’d appreciate it,’ Rod said. ‘Otherwise you’ll be reading about me being found dead in some dumpster.’
‘I can’t believe this is happening,’ she said.
‘Believe me it is,’ he said. ‘And there might be other favours I need to ask.’
‘Like what?’
‘Like could I lay low at your apartment for a while?’
‘What?’ Jeanie said in an exasperated voice. ‘Can’t you go and rent an apartment somewhere?’
He was quiet for a few seconds. ‘I guess so.’
‘Rod, it’s not that I’m not sympathetic,’ she said. ‘But these guys you’re talking about might start targeting me!’
Rod sighed. ‘I wouldn’t put it passed them. Frankly, I think the only way out for me is to leave the country.’
‘And go where?’
‘Europe, Australia, China?’ he said. ‘I could still be a partner; with the internet there’s no distance anymore.’
‘Rod, this has all been a shock,’ Jeanie said. ‘Look, I’m on the side of the road at the moment. Let me get home and I’ll phone Mark and see what he has to say.’
‘Would you?’ he said.
‘Yes, but there’s a condition,’ she suddenly said. ‘I need to know what you’ve been doing behind my back. What major labels you’ve been talking to. You need to bring me up to speed if you want me to help you.’
Rod sighed again. 
‘Well?’ she demanded.
‘We’ll talk later,’ he said. ‘See you at tonight’s performance.’
*   *   *
Rod’s predicament was surprising and shocking considering that as a businessman he was usually so very much in control. But Jeanie realised that it had all been just a sham. Rod had probably been trying to live the Rockstar lifestyle and had now come unstuck. Jeanie knew that musicians and drugs went together like ham and mustard. But to get in this deep was reprehensible. Even though she never smoked anything other than standard cigarettes, she had become a drinker herself and did rely somewhat on prescription medication. 
However, her sympathy for Rod wasn’t great. In fact, she was quite angry with him for bringing his troubles to her door. They could threaten to wreck everything. When she arrived at her parking space outside her apartment block she was absolutely fuming. ‘Stupid bastard!’ she said aloud in the car.
It was then that she noticed a beautiful metallic blue Boxster sportscar parked near the entrance of her apartment block. In the car, a middle-aged man with a gold chain around his neck gave her a long hard stare and then drove off with a screech. Jeanie parked up in her reserved space wonderingly. The man looked familiar and well-to-do and she was sure she had seen him somewhere before. Perhaps on the tv. 
Then as she got out of her car, a moment of dread suddenly grabbed her. Could it have been one of Rod’s gangster friends? If so, why had they come here? Surely they knew that Rod had his own place?
Chapter Seven
The main reason she had come back to her apartment was to have a short nap to revive her and get ready for tonight’s performance. But she only had three songs to do including the duet with Rod. Jasmine on the other hand would practically be carrying the rest of the show. But while Jeanie did genuinely like the young girl, Lamar’s reservations about her gave her pause for thought. If Rod really had married her then it suggested that Jasmine had a calculating streak.
Before Jeanie went for her nap, she phoned Mark as promised to talk to him about Rod’s predicament. However, she didn’t want to say too much. Micky sat on her lap the whole time. Mark seemed pleased to hear from her.
‘You phoning me?’ he said in a comical voice. ‘I can’t believe you’re actually phoning me. I usually have to chase you!’
‘Mark you know that’s not true,’ she said as she sat on the sofa eating from a bunch of black juicy grapes that Lilly had put out in a bowl next to the phone. That woman was so thoughtful.
‘So what do I owe this rare pleasure?’ Mark said.
‘Oh stop it! Look, when you said you’d like to start your own record label were you serious?’ she asked.
‘Did I say that?’ Mark replied sounding blank. ‘Oh yeah. Yeah!’
‘Okay, so would you be interested in buying Rod Cornwall’s share of Coolabah Records Inc?’
‘Huh?’ Mark said. ‘Are you serious? For how much?’
‘Well, Rod needs a million dollars, thereabouts!’ she said baldly.
Mark’s gasp was audible. ‘How much is the company worth?’
‘To be honest I’m not sure,’ Jeanie replied wishing she had anticipated this question.
‘Hmm,’ Mark said thoughtfully. ‘Tell you what, let me do a little research and I’ll get back to you on that.’
‘Okay thanks,’ Jeanie answered.
‘And you do know that today is Friday,’ Mark said. ‘And I’m going to party tonight and I want you to come. Have you forgotten?’
‘No, I haven’t forgotten but I’ve got a performance to do tonight,’ Jeanie countered. ‘I told you.’
‘Tell you what,’ Mark said in his best negotiator’s voice. ‘You come to the party tonight and I’ll give you a quick answer to your question about Coolabah. Sound fair?’
Jeanie frowned. She had walked into a trap. She sighed. ‘Jesus, what time?’
‘Not too late.’
‘Mark, I’ll be tired and bad company but if you absolutely insist…!’
‘Good girl, I’ll pick you up at your place at twelve,’ he said.
‘Twelve!’
‘And I’ll bring you home by two thirty the latest, and it will be Saturday tomorrow so you can sleep over,’ he sounded perky.
Reluctantly she agreed.
They hung up and Jeanie checked her watch. At least she could get a two hour nap in. She went into the bedroom and set the alarm clock for six pm. It would give her enough time to get ready and go back to the theater for the last performance. Then she grabbed Micky and they both made themselves comfortable on the bed. She turned her phone off and sank into her ultra-soft duvet. Micky looked more than contented curled up as he was, and Jeanie drifted off to sleep.
*   *   *
The two hours sped by and when the alarm went off, Jeanie sat up with a painful throbbing in her head. She rubbed her temple, staggered to the bathroom, opened the cabinet and reached for the bottle of paracetamol. Taking two tablets, she washed them down with half a glass of tap water. They tasted disgusting. Micky was standing at the door watching her. He wagged his tail when she looked at him. That dog was so receptive.
Slowly and painfully she got ready and Micky appeared to know what that meant because he looked sad. It meant his mistress would be leaving again. Jeanie checked her phone for messages and saw there was one from Mark. ‘I’ll be with you at eleven thirty!’ it read.
Jeanie quickly put on the plain costume she was going to wear on stage that night. Then she patted the dog on the head, jumped into her car and headed for the theater. It was precisely twenty- eight minutes away if she drove like a demon.
At the theater Rod came up to her. ‘Did you manage to speak to Mark?’ 
‘Yes, and he said he wants to find out what Coolabah Records is actually worth first,’ she replied as she looked for her dressing room down the backstage corridor.
‘What did you tell him?’
‘I said I didn’t know,’ Jeanie replied.
Rod frowned. ‘What do you mean, you don’t know?  Coolabah is easily worth ten million.’
Jeanie was surprised. ‘As much as that?’
‘Remember, I’m taking into account future earnings from our song catalogue,’ he said.
Jeanie nodded. ‘Mark’s going to do a bit of research then he’ll let me know.’
Rod nodded. ‘Okay.’
‘Oh, and have you heard back from Nosmo King?’ she asked.
Rod shook his head. ‘Nope.’
‘Do you know if he runs a blue Boxster?’
Rod gave her a funny look. ‘How the hell should I know? Look, curtain goes up in fifteen minutes, be ready!’ And he walked off.
*   *   *
This time everything went as smoothly as silk. It was another success, but they did the show in record time. It was as if everyone just wanted to go home. Lamar was great, Jasmine was ever the professional and Jeanie hit the spot with her two songs and duet with Rod. But it was as if everyone was preoccupied and were exhausted from the earlier matinee.
Before she left to go home, Jeanie saw Rod standing with his arms around Lamar in his dressing room. Jeanie frowned. What was that all about, she wondered? Had they made up? Rod kicked the door shut. 
Jeanie shook her head and then raced for her car. She would have an hour and a half before Mark came and picked her up from her apartment. Rush, rush, rush, she said to herself.
Micky was all over her when she arrived, but Mark came early. ‘I thought we could get there earlier and see the big man before the rest of the mob descends on him,’ he said. He had brought some jewelry from his collection. ‘You can keep these!’ he said presenting five little grey boxes which he laid out on the coffee table in the lounge.
Jeanie opened them up. There were bracelets, necklaces, earrings, rings, ankle bracelets, all chunky and fourteen carat gold. 
‘These are lovely,’ she said admiringly.
‘Put them all on and wear something that shows show some leg and cleavage!’ Mark commanded.
Jeanie shook her head. ‘God, Mark!’
‘Listen, this could be make or break for me,’ he said. ‘I want you to give the old man a hard on!’
Jeanie stared at him in disgust. ‘Jesus, what the hell do you think I am?’
‘Please just do me this one favour and I’ll buy your record company,’ he said.
‘Mark, I’m not the one who wants to sell it!’ she said.
‘Oh come on, please!’ he said with pleading eyes.
With a sigh she went into the bedroom and put on her slinkiest dress and just hoped she wasn’t going to freeze to death in it.
*   *   *
Before she drove to Billionaire Radcliffe Cohn’s party with Mark, she took eight caffeine tablets to give her some energy. Then they took the elevator downstairs, smiled at the man on reception and climbed into Mark’s silver Jaguar. It was one of five cars he owned.
Mark put his foot down and drove just past the rich suburb of Tanderbrook, formerly known as Fullersburg, nineteen miles west of downtown Los Angeles. They arrived at an incredibly opulent white marble mansion in its own grounds where a noisy party was going on. The carpark alone, stuffed with expensive cars was enough to lift Jeanie’s eyebrows. 
They were greeted at the gate by two security men who recognised Mark from the previous roof top party and waved them through. But as soon as they entered the mansion, Cohn, a small tubby bald man, came over from a gaggle of businessmen by a decorative fountain in the vestibule.  He shook Mark’s hand warmly while keeping his eyes on Jeanie. 
‘Mr Cohn this is Jeanie!’
‘Jeanie wonderful to meet you!’ Cohn said raising his voice above the loud music. ‘Good news, Mark. Although my head buyer thinks your stuff is shit, my wife adores it and she’s a very good judge!’
Mark was obviously taken aback by the brutality of his words but he smiled. ‘Oh, that’s wonderful, Mr Cohn.’
‘Call me Cliff,’ the billionaire said. ‘And Jeanie, we didn’t get to talk much the last time. I’d like you see my collection of signed vinyls going back to 1928.’
‘Signed vinyls?’ Jeanie repeated.
‘78s and 45s, the whole collection must be worth half a million,’ Cohn said.
‘That would be lovely,’ Jeanie said with genuine interest.
‘Good, and Mark, my wife wants to work with you on a unique collection of jewelry just for Mayer’s department stores and we’ll roll it out nationwide!’
‘That sounds marvelous,’ Mark said with an even wider smile. ‘I’m very grateful for this opportunity Mr Cohn.’
Radcliffe Cohn laughed and slapped Mark on the arm. ‘You’d better be! But show it to my wife! She’s wants to talk to you. She’s in the library I think – thataway!’ He pointed to a pair of double doors in the other room. 
Mark gave Jeanie a brief smile. ‘See you shortly,’ he said.
‘Jeanie can stay with me,’ the billionaire said.
Everywhere was packed with people and Jeanie watched Mark as he slowly weaved his way through them to the library. Cohn had his hand firmly on her arm.
The billionaire smiled at her. ‘Let me get you a drink.’
‘Thanks, Mr Cohn,’ Jeanie said as he pulled her towards a table where wine glasses were being topped up by a small army of flunkies.
‘Call me Cliff, I told you!’ he said.
‘Cliff, this is some party!’ Jeanie said.
Cohn gave her a glass of champagne from the table. ‘And you are some beautiful lady if I may so say.’
‘Thank you,’ she replied.
‘I see you’re wearing pieces from Mark’s collection,’ Cohn said. ‘Very nice. Aren’t they a bit on the heavy side?’
‘A little, but you don’t really notice it.’
‘Hmm, well my collection of black vinyl is upstairs,’ Cohn said taking her by the hand and leading her up the impressive vestibule stairs which curved towards the first landing.
They entered a huge, magnificent bedroom and Jeanie immediately saw the display of old black vinyl records on the walls. Cohn closed the door behind them and turned the key. ‘We don’t want people bursting in.’
Jeanie wandered over to the rows of vinyls on the walls sipping her champagne. The drink immediately seemed to go to her head. ‘I see they’re all sighed by the artists.’
‘Great aren’t they?’ he said as came up behind her and put his hand on her hip. ‘I do love music. We retail more music CDs than China and Korea combined. I always use them as a benchmark! I gather we also retail your little label’s merchandise, so my managers tell me.’
Jeanie nodded. ‘That’s right. But I suppose you have so many lines it’s hard to remember them all.’
‘True,’ Cohn said. ‘Maybe I’ll see what I can do for you promotions wise!’
‘That would be kind, Mr Cohn.’
‘Call me Cliff, I told you!’
‘Wow,’ Jeanie said as she was beginning to feel a bit giddy. ‘God this is strong stuff.’
‘You mean the champers?’ Cohn said looking at her. ‘We only drink the best in this house.’
‘Goodness, I think I need to sit down,’ Jeanie said.
‘Sure, come over here,’ he said leading her to the huge double bed. ‘Are you alright?’
Jeanie sat down on the bed and looked at him, his voice sounded strangely muted and far away. ‘I dunno…’
‘You probably need something to eat to offset the drink,’ he said staring down at her. ‘Lie back a minute and take some deep breaths.’ He took her glass and put it on the bedside table.
Jeanie didn’t really want to lie back on the bed in front of a man she barely knew, but she did anyway. Her limbs were beginning to feel strangely heavy. She tried to sit up again but it was a struggle. She felt drugged.
‘Jeanie?’ Cohn said sitting on the bed next to her. ‘Would you like me to go get Mark?’
‘Yes, I think so,’ Jeanie said as she tried to focus her eyes.
‘Take some deep breaths,’ Cohn said watching her. Then he slowly brought his hand down to her thigh. He stared at her and then after several seconds he gently pulled up her short dress to expose her underwear. 
‘Mr Cohn?’ Jeanie said in alarm but felt as if she had lost all her strength in her arms and legs and couldn’t resist what he was doing. 
Cohn then began to quickly undress her. She tried to struggle but her body wasn’t obeying her commands. He smiled and  removed her green slinky dress, turned her over on the bed and took off her bra and pulled down her panties which he threw down on the floor. Then he quickly removed his trousers and underwear and knelt on the bed. He pulled her back by the hips so that her buttocks were facing him and brutally entered her from behind.
‘No, no, stop!’ she managed to say, but her voice was weak, her tongue feeling as if it had swollen up. ‘Stop!’
She felt the older man pounding her as if she were a piece of meat, groaning in intense pleasure as he did so, but she was powerless to stop him. ‘Mr Cohn, please!’
‘Shh!’ he said panting. He ignored her protests and continued regardless, becoming more and more frenzied. Then after less than a minute he climaxed violently with an almost agonized moan and fell forward on top of her. He lay like that for about half a minute trying to catch his breath.
Jeanie felt crushed beneath the man’s weight and struggled to free herself, but it was as if all strength had been drained from her body. However, her brain wasn’t functioning as it should, and although she fought to stay awake, she slowly drifted off into unconsciousness. The last thing she could remember was the strong smell of Radcliffe Cohn’s  aftershave which reminded her of candy floss.
*   *   *
 When she came to, she was back in her own apartment in her bedroom fully dressed lying on top of the duvet. She was aching all over. Mark was sitting next to her.
‘Jesus you gave me a fright back there!’ he said.
Jeanie sat up her head pounding. ‘Mark? I’ve been raped!’
Mark frowned. ‘What? What are you talking about?’
She tried to get off the bed, and Mark had to steady her. 
‘What time is it?’ she asked.
‘Nearly four am,’ he told her. ‘What do you mean, you’ve been raped?’
‘That bastard, Cohn, he raped me! Jesus my head!’ she fell back on the bed again. ‘He put something in my drink.’
‘No way! Do you want me to call a doctor?’ Mark offered.
‘Maybe…’
Mark frowned. ‘Raped? God this is…awkward.’
Her head spun round. ‘Awkward? What do you mean awkward?’
Mark got to his feet and went to the window and looked down. ‘Are you absolutely sure that is what happened? I mean Cohn said you just passed out, and I said it could have been because you had all those caffeine tablets and then champagne without having anything to eat.’
Jeanie  made another attempt to get off the bed. This time she succeeded and staggered towards the bathroom. Mark held out his hands to help her.
‘I can do it, I can do it,’ she said pushing Mark away. ‘Awkward? I can’t believe you said that!’
He followed her into the bathroom. ‘You know what I mean. Cohn has just made all my dreams come true. His wife is crazy about my designs and now this… revelation!’
‘Well, what the hell are you going to do about it ?’ Jeanie demanded reaching for the bathroom cabinet and taking out the trusted bottle of paracetamol. She took three tablets and gulped them down with some water from the faucet. 
‘Do about it?’ he repeated.
‘Yes! I want to file a complaint against the bastard!’ She looked at him in the mirror. ‘And I need you to back me up!’
Mark’s face looked sick. ‘You mean go to the police? Are you sure you want to do that?’
‘Why the hell not?’ she said turning to face him.
Mark suddenly looked down at her neck. ‘Where’s the necklace?’
Jeanie checked. ‘It must be at Cohn’s house. So he robbed me as well!’
‘Don’t be silly, of course he didn’t!’ He followed her back to the bedroom. ‘Look, reporting something like this to the police won’t be pleasant. They ask you these intimate questions, they have you examined, and you end up feeling like the guilty one. It’s all designed to put you off.’
‘Don’t be stupid!’ she snapped. ‘Things are different now.’
‘Radcliffe Cohn is a very powerful man,’ Mark said. ‘You’d be up against him and his organisation and his fancy priced lawyers. Plus, he’d find a reason to cancel my deal.’
‘Your deal?’ she repeated. ‘So because of that you want me to keep my mouth shut!  Because he’d drop you like a bag of garbage. You’re making this about you when it’s about me!’
‘Well Jesus Jeanie, you’ve got to take that into consideration,’ he said. ‘Damn I should never have taken you last night!’
Her eyes became enraged. ‘Are you blaming me? Because that’s what it sounds like?’
‘No, no, look, what do you remember exactly?’ he asked. 
‘Every Goddamn thing!’ she replied. ‘The man’s an animal and he needs to be caged!  He must have put something in my drink to knock me out! But I can see how it all works. He knows you’ll be putting pressure on me not to speak out because of what you have to lose. So he’s probably done this loads of times.’
Mark sighed and looked at his watch. ‘If that’s the case, so far no one has said anything.’
‘Well someone should say something!’ she said. She laid back against the pillow. She felt too achy and tired for words. ‘Well Mark, I have to tell you, you’ve really let me down tonight!’
‘Just one minute,’ he said. ‘If you want to report this, then I’m with you one hundred percent. But maybe there’s another way.’
She blinked as she stared at him. ‘What other way?’
‘I’ll put ten thousand into your bank account for your trouble and humiliation,’ he suggested.
‘And then what? I keep my mouth shut?’
He shrugged. ‘If you pressed charges, the process could take years because the court system is all backed up into the last century, practically! It would take over your life. This way you can put it all behind you.’
She frowned. ‘That sounds convenient for you.’
‘Ten grand isn’t just a pat on the head,’ he said.
‘No, but it sure sounds like a kick up the behind!’ she countered with a bitter laugh. ‘Let me think about it.’
He nodded. ‘That really is the best thing to do. Think about it and then whatever your decision is we’ll follow it.’
‘Do you mean that?’ she asked looking into his eyes.
‘Listen, I’m a millionaire anyway,’ he said with a low sigh. ‘And you can’t take it with you. But it’s just all about the achievement. That’s why Elon Musk does what he does. It’s not about the money. I guess I’m still trying to prove myself to my pop.’
‘I understand,’ she said closing her eyes. ‘I badly need a shower.’
‘You sure you don’t need a doctor?’ he asked.
She shook her head.
He walked to the door. ‘Okay, I’ll phone you, and don’t worry. One way or the other you’ll get some sort of justice I promise!’ 
Chapter Eight
Thank God it was Saturday, Jeanie thought when she awoke. But the memory of Radcliffe Cohn’s assault immediately jumped into her consciousness. She relived it for a moment and then Micky climbed up onto the bed. Jeanie was amazed to see that it was just passed eleven. 
Clearly she had slept really deeply but her head still hurt, and her stomach felt empty as if she hadn’t eaten for days. She also badly needed another shower but knew that no amount of showering would wash away what the billionaire had done to her. The worst part was when he had fallen over her, crushing her against the bed, preventing her from breathing properly. It was like being trapped under a disgusting beached sealion.
She staggered into the bathroom still feeling slightly giddy, expecting to see a mess in the mirror. Instead she was surprised to see that she looked great. For some reason the trauma, the late night and the drug Cohn had given her, and not having eaten, had made the skin around her eyes look taught. It was the bags which aged a face, and now today she didn’t have any. Also, she was feeling slightly dehydrated so that also had to be a factor. 
She was immediately cheered up by this. But she was still not in a forgiving mood, certainly not towards Radcliffe Cohn. Mark’s offer of ten grand was tempting if he really meant it.
The phone in the lounge rang and she quickly went in to answer it expecting it to be Mark. Instead it was Cohn. ‘Hi, Jeanie, I just phoned to see how you are, it’s Cliff, Radcliffe Cohn!’
Jeanie literally gasped. ‘Mr Cohn!’
‘You passed out last night and we were all deeply concerned,’ he said. ‘If there’s anything I can do. How are you today?’
Jeanie ran her tongue over her bottom lip. Was the man actually phoning to check whether she remembered anything? She was tempted to tear him off a strip but kept her cool. ‘Well, actually I feel as if I‘ve just had a double dose of sleeping tablets!’
‘Really?’ he said sounding guilty. ‘Nothing serious then?’
She was dying to say, ‘Yes your dirty sick bastard, I’m going to nail your sorry ass to the most wanted list! Instead she said, ‘No, nothing serious. I blame the caffeine tablets myself.’
‘That’s exactly what Mark said,’ Cohn replied sounding more upbeat. ‘Look, we’re having a garden party next Sunday. We’d love to see you and Mark if you’re free!’
‘Really? Thanks that would be great,’ she replied politely and thought, ‘then you can give me back the necklace you stole, you freak!’
‘Okay then, take it easy,’ Cohn said. ‘And congratulations to Mark for securing a product placement with our company!’
They said their goodbyes and Jeanie slammed down the phone. Was the man serious? And how did he get her number? She chided herself for being too polite to him. She sat back on the sofa and Micky jumped up on her lap. Stoking his head, she decided to take him for a walk in the park. It would be good for him and might help her make a few decisions.
*   *   *
The walk to Grant park would have been too much for Micky, as small as he was, and so Jeanie took him around her apartment block. The dog enjoyed it immensely. Being locked up in the apartment all day was not good for the dog’s mental health.
There was a little bit of woodland a hundred meters down the road which wasn’t too far, and Micky was sure to love it. Increasing her pace, Jeanie took him off the estate and down the road and was amused at Micky’s reactions to some puddles he encountered. It had been raining overnight and so perhaps the woodland would have been too muddy.
As mistress and dog made their way along the road, the sound of a car slowing down  just behind them got Jeanie’s attention. She turned her head and was surprised to see the metallic blue Boxster that she’d seen the other day.
The sportscar pulled up beside her and the electric window came down. ‘Jeanie?’ the suntanned middle aged man behind the wheel said.
Warily Jeanie bent down at the window, ‘Sorry, who are you?’
‘I’m Ned, Nosmo King, we spoke the other day.’
‘Oh, yes, okay,’ Jeanie gave the man her fullest attention. She stared at him without any emotion.
‘I was going to give you this,’ Ned said picking up a big blue envelope on the seat next to him, ‘But I thought it would be a bit cowardly.’
‘Is this about appearing on your network?’ Jeanie asked.
Ned looked uncomfortable. ‘Well, I also want to talk about that, yes. And I’m sorry if I appear to be staking you. But I just wanted to pass this letter to you.’
‘What’s in it?’
Ned was thoughtful. ‘Listen, to be honest, I would very much like to talk to you in private.’
‘Okay,’ Jeanie said. ‘Could you show me some ID proving who you are?’
The man smiled. ‘Sure.’ He reached into his jacket. ‘Here’s my driving license.’ He passed it to Jeanie.
She took it and saw that it clearly verified who he was. ‘Thanks.’ She passed it back.
Ned put his license back in his pocket. ‘Look, I have a condo not far from here. Would you like to come back for a talk?’
‘What are we going to talk about?’ she asked.
‘It’s a very delicate matter,’ he said. ‘Can I ask you a question?’
‘Sure.’
‘Do I look in any way familiar to you?’
Jeanie shook her head. ‘Not really.’
Ned nodded. ‘My wife is at the condo, and she’ll make us some lunch if you like. I really need to speak with you about the proposed contract with our network among other things!’
Jeanie thought for a moment. She didn’t feel any imminent danger and Micky seemed calm. ‘What about my dog?’
‘Sure bring him along, no problem,’ Ned said opening the passenger door.
Jeanie was too curious to refuse and so she went around to the side of the car and climbed in and put the dog on her lap. Ned extended his hand and Jeanie shook it. 
‘I’m delighted to meet you at last,’ Ned said and then mysteriously added, ‘This meeting might be very advantageous for you!’
*   *   *
Jeanie had always thought her apartment was luxurious, but Nosmo King’s took the biscuit. Just like her block, there was a security desk and a very obsequious man on duty. They went up to Ned’s apartment which comprised the whole floor.
The door was open and a very friendly attractive lady in her fifties greeted her and made a fuss of Micky. The dog was having a great time.
‘This is my wife Corrine, and this is Jeanie!’ Ned said.
Corrine gave Jeanie a warm hug and held onto her. Then to Jeanie’s surprise the woman began to cry.
‘Mrs King, are you alright?’ Jeanie asked perplexed.
Ned put his arms around his wife. ‘Come and sit down dear.’ Ned shut the door and they all went into the spacious ultra-luxurious lounge.
Looking around, Jeanie was reminded of a rococo palace with all its marble columns, ornate framed mirrors and gold furnishings. It was more like a showhouse for the very rich, than a cosy lived-in family condo.
‘I’m so sorry,’ Mrs King said wiping her eyes and smiling. ‘Will you stay to lunch?’
‘That would be very kind of you, Mrs King.’
‘Call me Corrine please. Make yourself comfortable.’
Ned smiled at her. ‘Please take a seat, Jeanie.’
‘You have a lovely home, Ned.’
‘Thank you and the views are great,’ he said sitting down opposite her. ‘You can see everything from here.’
Jeanie put Micky on her lap and the dog sat there staring at Ned. ‘Lovely.’
Ned nodded but looked troubled. ‘I don’t know where to start. But I’d like to say that we’ve never had any children. But apart from that, Corrine and I have had a happy marriage.’
‘Oh?’ Jeanie said. She lowered her voice. ‘And is your wife Okay? I mean, did I upset her in some way?’
‘No, no, no.’ Ned’s expression was strained. ‘She’s fine.’
Jeanie nodded and looked at him waiting for him to get to the point. ‘Good.’
Ned licked his lips. ‘See…this is difficult.’
‘Okay.’
‘Look, I want to talk about a certain car accident which happened many years ago,’ Ned said. 
Jeanie frowned. ‘Accident?’
‘An accident in which your parents died,’ he explained. 
Jeanie was stunned by his words. She immediately tried to recall what Diego the psychic had said on the subject, but it was confused. She couldn’t remember whether he said she either would or wouldn’t be meeting the person responsible. Then Gail had phoned her and seemed to be suggesting the same thing. From what Gail had said it seemed that Nosmo King was somehow connected with their deaths and wanted to apologise to her. But hadn’t said anymore.
‘I’m confused,’ she said. ‘I’m sorry if I’m misunderstanding this, but are you going to tell me that you were responsible for the death of my parents all those years ago?’
Ned gulped and then reached for a handkerchief in his pocket and dabbed his eyes. ‘Yes.’ He began to cry. ‘Oh, God, I am so sorry, I am so sorry! I robbed you! I murdered your parents!’
Corrine came running into the room and threw her arms around her husband. She was crying too. 
Jeanie stood up not knowing what to do next. She should have been angry, but she felt no emotions at all. She knelt next to Ned at his feet and then instinctively took his hand. Tears suddenly welled up in her eyes and streamed down her face. ‘Don’t cry, Ned! I forgive you!’ she gushed. ‘I forgive you!’
He looked down at her with sad eyes and squeezed her hand. ‘Could you? Could you? I should go to jail for what I did!’
‘No,’ Jeanie said. ‘You had the grace and guts to contact me. Others wouldn’t have. I just need to know what happened that’s all.’ 
‘I ran away from the scene of the crime,’ Ned said wiping his eyes.
‘But you took me to the hospital first, I understand?’ Jeanie said. ‘I was ten, eleven at the time, but I don’t remember everything. It’s just like a vague dream.’
Ned frowned. ‘So you just remember bits?’
‘Yes, plus a psychic gave me some details.’
‘Let me make some coffee,’ Corrine said going back into the kitchen.
Ned looked fazed. ‘A psychic?’
‘Yes, he said you’re really sorry for what you’ve done, but you were badly depressed at the time.’
Ned nodded. ‘But that’s no excuse. I had been drinking. I was driving really badly and then I skidded and hit your car on a blind bend. If I had been sober, your parents would still be alive. But I never forgot you and followed your life and career ever since.’
‘But why contact me now after all these years?’ Jeanie asked sitting next to him. Micky climbed onto Ned’s lap and he gently stroked the dog’s head.
‘I couldn’t deal with my guilt anymore,’ Ned said. ‘I even thought about killing myself and I’m not saying that to make you feel sorry for me.’
Jeanie was still holding is hand. ‘We’ve all suffered over this. But perhaps it was God’s will?’
Ned shrugged. ‘I don’t know. But then, see, I had this idea. My business had taken off and I realised that perhaps I could try and make it up to you. You were in the same business as me and I thought I could help your career and offer you a deal with my syndicate. And then I had an even better idea.’
Jeanie nodded listening. ‘Oh yes.’
Corrine came back into the room with their coffees. ‘Let me say it, Ned,’ she said. She handed them their drinks.
Jeanie took her coffee and looked at Corrine curiously. ‘Thank you.’
Corrine stood in front of them, clasped her hands together and cleared her throat. ‘Jeanie, it would be our very great honour to legally adopt you as our daughter. As Ned said, we don’t have any children and we’re getting on. So we want you to take our name, and when we pass on you would inherit everything we own. You would be our sole heir!’
Jeanie sat motionlessly. This was the last thing she expected. ‘Oh, goodness!’
Ned squeezed her hand. ‘Don’t answer now. But I’ve already spoken to a lawyer and we’ve already changed our will and made you our beneficiary. However, I felt that as I had robbed you of a family, the least I could do is give you one back, as strange as that may sound.’
Jeanie stared at him. ‘I don’t know what to say. But I have an aunt.’
‘We want to adopt her too,’ Ned said with a smile.
Jeanie laughed and dabbed at her eyes. ‘Oh, Ned.’
‘I offered you a multi-million dollar contract, remember,’ he said. ‘But if you accept, I’ll quadruple it and you’ll never have to worry about money ever again. And when we do shuffle off this mortal coil and go to the great recording studio in the sky, you’ll inherit close to five hundred million dollars. That and all my business and property holdings!’
‘Ned, this is all too much.’
He shook his head. ‘No it isn’t, nothing could ever replace your parents.’
‘And we want to buy your aunt a new house as well!’ Corrine said with a smile. 
At this Jeanie laughed and spilled her coffee. Micky jumped down and started to lick the carpet.
Corrine ran into the kitchen. ‘I’ve got it!’ She came back with some kitchen roll and dabbed the carpet.
‘I’m so sorry Corrine, let me do it,’ Jeanie said.
‘No, you’re the guest,’ Corrine said finishing the job.
Jeanie frowned. It had been a crazy twenty-four hours. First the rape, from which she knew few women would recover and now the offer of the world on a plate.
*  *  *
Jeanie didn’t know whether her life was over or just beginning. But she was a hardy spirit and her active love life with Rod over past years had resulted in her viewing sex as less than sacred. In fact, if she was honest, what Radcliffe had done to her was a reminder of what the average man was like in the bedroom. Boring, if she was honest. 
Rod had been experimental to the point of absurdity, although it had been fun. And it was because of Rod that she knew her assault wasn’t going to bug her too much. All she really wanted now was to get even with that ‘bastard billionaire’, as she was to nickname him. However, where that plan was concerned, Mark had thrown a spanner in the works.
But how any woman could ever fall for a man like Radcliffe Cohn was beyond her. The only explanation was money. Men with money could buy anything, even her silence, at least that was the theory. But this time the guy had come unstuck. She couldn’t be bought.
Yes, she would take Mark’s offer of ten grand, yes she would pretend that the rape didn’t happen up to a point, while all along she would be planning her revenge. Nothing less than castration would suffice for that two bit using piece of shit like Radcliffe Cohn, she thought angrily. Jeanie started to fume inwardly.
Nosmo looked at her oddly. ‘Are you okay Jeanie, I know this has been a bit of a shock.’
Jeanie shook her head and came back to the present. She took his hand. ‘I have never been so happy…dad!’
Ned laughed.
Corrine sat next to her on the couch and gave her a big hug. ‘If saying dad now is too soon, you can call us uncle and aunty.’
Jeanie shook her head. ‘No mom and dad is fine. I have been wanting to say those words again for years and years!’
*   *   *
After having a lovely vegan lunch, Ned dropped Jeanie and Micky home, gave her a fatherly kiss on the cheek and said he would keep in touch. Jeanie felt as if she had become a new person with a new identity. She went up to her apartment in a positive mood, wanting to share this new development with her aunt Lucy. 
But she knew Lucy of old, and the woman had a streak of jealousy and suspicion in her, and Jeanie didn’t want her to burst her new bubble. Obviously, her aunt Lucy would be told, but not today. Jeanie just needed time to absorb everything that had happened and to decide on the best way to proceed going forward.
For one, she didn’t want to keep thinking of Cohn lying on top of her, crushing her. She also wanted to get the memory of his aftershave out of her mind. What she really wanted was some mild medication, both for her head which still kept throbbing, and to help her turn her mind to other things. As it happened she had some valerian root capsules in the kitchen cupboard which were said to promote calmness of mind. She had ordered them from Amazon ages ago but still hadn’t tried them yet.
Micky followed her into the kitchen and Jeanie opened a tin of dog food for him and put it down in his bowl. After the day’s adventures he devoured it with great appetite and then went into his basket and licked his paws.
Jeanie opened the package from Amazon and decided to have two valerian capsules instead of the recommended one. Then she made herself some herb tea and went and sat in the lounge. It was nice to have the day to herself, but she knew that life was going to get frenetic again towards the middle of the next week.
She relaxed her head back on the sofa and thought about Ned and Corrine. Such nice people. She tried to remember Ned at the site of the car crash all those years ago. All she recalled was a man getting her out of the back of the car where she had been sleeping and taking her somewhere. She hadn’t even really felt the impact of the crash because she had been asleep. So there was no trauma from that, only from the realisation that both her parents had been killed. 
She remember reacting from sheer disbelief. But as bereft as she had felt at the time, her aunt had managed to fill the vacuum with her own brand of old fashioned parenting.
However, Jeanie’s recent experience of seeing her parents again at the concert had helped her enormously. She was now positive that she would see them again, if not in the flesh on earth then in some other place. For some reason, this was turning into a year of destiny for her where things and understandings were coming together.
The bowl of grapes was still on the table, if starting to look a bit wilted from the warm apartment. But she had a handful anyway. However, her head was still headachy from the drug Cohn had put in her drink all those hours ago. So she got up and grabbed some paracetamol from the bathroom. Then she went back to the sofa, took the tablets with her tea and fell asleep. The effects of the valerian and tea and paracetamol, a not recommended combination, soon sent her deep and dreamless.
*   *   *
She awoke to the sound of knocks on her front door and she quickly ran to open it. It was one of the apartment block’s staffers with the papers for her. She had requested them the other day and had forgotten about it. She wanted to see if Rod really had married Jasmine, or whether it was just a jolly jape of his.
She gratefully took the papers and went back to the lounge to read them. However, if there was a story it wasn’t splashed over the front pages. She was also feeling a bit over-relaxed from the valerian and had to focus her eyes. Going through the main paper slowly, she came across the article on page six in the entertainment section.
MUSIC IMPRESARIO RODNEY CORNWALL WEDS SHOW STAR JASMINE
Jeanie’s eyes lit up as she quickly read the short article. But what upset her the most was that there was practically no mention of her. There was just a cursory one line describing her as assistant musical director, and a whole paragraph given over to Lamar, calling him the ‘next big thing in waiting’.
Jeanie checked the other papers and found similar articles. One kindly described her as, ‘talented singer songwriter Jeanie Colbert’. But apart from that, mentions of the show were positive.
Jeanie threw the papers down next to her and rested her head again. So Rod had actually gone ahead and done it, all in the loving spirit of trying to pay off his debts. She was tempted to phone him to congratulate him on his gambit but knew he would contact her in due course. With these thoughts in mind she got up from the sofa and went into the bedroom where Micky followed her and lay on the bed.
In fact almost just as soon as she relaxed the old fashioned phone in the lounge rang, but she ignored it. Then it stopped and her cell phone started to buzz. Just as anticipated it was Rod.
‘Hi, it’s me, did you get the Herald?’ he asked in a breezy voice. 
‘Hi Rod, yes I’ve been through all the papers,’ she replied. ‘Where are you honeymooning, considering that we have a show to do in the next few days?’
Rod laughed. ‘My honey and I are mooning in Miami for two days and will be back in time for the next gig in Santa Clara.’
‘Okay. So what’s the venue in Santa Clara like?’ Jeanie asked as she rubbed her head. The pain was finally starting to subside.
‘It’s the Regis Theater. An old place that’s been refurbished,’ he said. ‘And it’s up for sale. I was thinking that we could put in an offer so that we could have our own little theater. It would be a great asset to own.’
Jeanie sat up. ‘Is that wise at the moment?’
‘Well, I was thinking that Mark could put up the cash, as a loan,’ he said unashamedly. ‘Any news on that front? Is he interested in buying my share in Coolabah?’
‘Mark’s still thinking about it, but there’s been an incident,’ she said vaguely, referring to Cohn’s assault.
‘What kind of incident?’ he asked sounding worried.
‘I’ll tell you when I see you,’ she said. ‘But I’ll be able to lend you at least ten thousand,’ she said thinking of Mark’s offer to her which she would pass onto Rod.
‘Ten thousand?’ Rod exclaimed ungratefully. ‘Is that all?’
‘That would be from me,’ she said. ‘But don’t worry I’m sure Mark is going to help.’
‘Oh, okay.’
‘But if you don’t want the ten thousand…’
‘No, I accept, thanks,’ he said quickly. ‘I could give that to the Ranada boys, not that it in any way touches what I owe them.’
‘What do you owe them, exactly?’ she asked.
‘Don’t ask.’
‘Whose paying for you to go to Miami?’
‘My mother,’ he said.
‘Jesus, Rod your finances must be in a really bad way.’
‘Tell me about it,’ he said. ‘Okay, well I’ll see you for a quick rehearsal on Tuesday when I come back, but we’ll do that at our studios…’
‘Fine and congratulations.’
Rod sniffed. ‘Thanks.’ He hung up.
Jeanie put the phone down. She hesitated and wondered whether she should give Mark a quick call especially as it was Saturday. He shouldn’t be working. She patted Micky on the head and then decided she would. It turned out that he had gone to his office.
‘Jeanie, you okay?’ he said sounding pleased to hear from her. ‘I feel terrible about what happened, and my reaction was way out of line. I think you’re right, we should definitely do something  about Cohn.’
Jeanie listened carefully to his words, but they seemed to be spoken for effect. ‘Do you mean that?’
‘Of course I mean it, but Cohn is tricky customer,’ Mark said. ‘I’d be scared of retaliation, not just for me but for you. Look, do you want to come out for dinner tonight?’
Jeanie stroked Micky on the back. ‘Actually, I would,’ she said. She wanted to discuss Rod’s situation. ‘I need to do something to take my mind off what happened.’
‘I understand,’ he replied. ‘Okay, I’ll pick you up in a couple of hours!’
*   *   *
Mark took her to a swish basement club that had a sophisticated jazz band, about a mile or two from her apartment block. She noted that it was full of money-men who were easy to spot because of their formal attire. However, money-men really liked to hit the bottle and were known to spend hundreds on an evening’s entertainment. Mark had never taken her there before and she wondered if he was a regular.
‘I love the vibe here,’ he said. 
‘I take it that you’ve been here before?’ she asked as they were seated at a little table some distance from the band.
‘Just with some business pals,’ he replied. His face seemed troubled.
The waiter brought them the drinks’ menu and they ordered a bottle of wine.
She smiled. ‘Cohn phoned me!’
Mark blinked. ‘He didn’t?’
‘Yep, and I think he was checking to see if I remembered anything,’ she said.
‘What did he say?’
‘We’re invited to a lunch, but I didn’t commit. He was acting like nothing had happened!’
‘What did you say?’ he asked.
‘I was just polite,’ she answered. ‘But no way am I going back there! Did you give him my phone number?’
‘No of course not,’ Mark said. ‘But the guy can get anything he wants.’
‘Even my silence?’ she said staring at him.
‘I’m not saying that,’ Mark replied. ‘But he could put on the pressure if you went to the police. He could get really nasty.’
She nodded. ‘Are you trying to change my mind?’
Before he could answer the waiter came over and gave them their main menus. Mark buried his face in his. ‘They specialise in Iranian cooking here.’
She nodded and glanced at her menu. ‘Really?’
‘Yeah, the owner is Iranian.’
‘Interesting combination, jazz music and Iranian food,’ she observed.
‘Nowadays you’ve got to be different,’ Mark said raising his eyebrows.
Jeanie nodded, studied her menu and liked the sound of the baked lamb with sabzi polo, whatever that was! She checked the description and it said something about herbed rice. Mark chose a Persian dish. Their wine was brought over, and the waiter poured it out into two spotless glasses.
When the waiter went Mark looked at her. ‘I was talking to my attorney about the situation, and he recommended caution, especially with a guy like Cohn.’
‘Caution as in, don’t do anything about it?’ she said.
Mark sighed and looked up at the decorative lights in the rotunda ceiling. ‘He said that Cohn would draw everything out. He would throw a battery of lawyers at you. He would pay people to give false testimony. Lie and say that you came onto him!’
Jeanie laughed. ‘Yeah? Well I wouldn’t come onto him if he were the last guy walking.’
Mark shrugged. ‘Hmm. So, I thought maybe twenty grand would be a more realistic figure.’
‘As my payoff?’ she said, taking a long sip of her Chateau Laroque Margeux.
Mark shook his head. ‘Of course not.’
They sat in silence for a moment and Jeanie could see Mark was conflicted. ‘Mark’ she said. ‘Would you stay with me tonight?’
Mark seemed shocked by her words. ‘What?’
‘Not to…do anything,’ she said with an awkward smile. ‘Just to keep me company?’
He nodded. ‘Sure.’
The waiter brought over their meals. It came with salad and barbari, flat Iranian bread.
‘Bon appetite,’ Mark said.
‘You too.’
‘Oh, and about Coolabah,’ Mark said. ‘I was surprised to learn that it has quite a high valuation but that’s mainly because of Jasmine Althea being on the team. So if Rod still wants to sell his full share I’ll offer him a million and a half for it.’
Jeanie pulled a face. ‘I don’t think he’d accept it. He’s expecting a lot more than that. Besides as Rod’s partner I have to say that offer does seem a bit on the low side!’
‘It’s a buyer’s market at the moment,’ Mark said coldly. ‘No disrespect.’
Jeanie nodded and thought for a moment as she tucked into her aromatic dish. ‘Could you lend him some money on top of your offer, see he’s in trouble with some… gangsters.’
Mark put down his fork. ‘What?’
‘Ever heard of the Ranada brothers?’ she asked.
Mark nodded his head. ‘Yes I have! Don’t tell me they’re after him?’
‘Apparently.’
‘God, Jesus, well in that case I might withdraw my offer.’
Jeanie knitted her brow. ‘Why?’
‘Because if word got out, it could badly affect the valuation of Coolabah,’ Mark said. ‘And I’d effectively be stiffed for the money.’
‘Suppose I acted as Rod’s guarantor?’ she said throwing caution to the wind. ‘I own a third of everything and two thirds of the song catalogue has been written by me. I reckon my share of Coolabah is worth three million.’
Mark looked at her speculatively. ‘You’d do that for Rod?’
‘I’ve been associated with him for years and I’d trust him to pay back any loan you granted.’
Mark rubbed his forehead. ‘Let me think about it. But I’m asking myself, do I really want to own a share in a record company?’
Jeanie broke a piece of lamb with her fork. ‘Well that’s up to you. I think maybe I should get Rod to talk to you in person instead of me being the middleman.’
‘Yes, you’re right,’ Mark said. ‘Give me his number and I’ll give him a call.’
*   *   *
The next few days were unusually quiet for Jeanie. Rod was on his honeymoon and Mark seemed to be avoiding her.  He had stayed with her on the Saturday night but slept on the sofa. His behaviour was slightly stand-offish and he had left in a sullen mood. Obviously, the situation with Cohn had unnerved him. Jeanie felt a bit abandoned. Even her aunt hadn’t phoned in a while.
Now that she was the supposed to-be adopted daughter of Nosmo and Corrine King, how was she expected to behave, she wondered? She couldn’t exactly just turn up at ‘mom and dad’s condo whenever she wanted to like a real daughter. She would just need to get to know them first.
Thinking back, the last two weeks had been the freakiest she had ever experienced. It all seemed like a bit of a dream. Had she really seen the ghosts of her parents? Could it be, because Rod had been smoking roaches around her that the smell of the drug had induced an hallucination? Lamar also seemed to reek of some exotic aroma or other, not unpleasant but it smelled suspicious.
And as for Ned and Corrine, it was hard to imagine that they were really serious about their  proposal. If Jeanie had been in Ned’s shoes she would have left well alone. So he was either a man of exceptional moral character or there was some other motive. Jeanie blinked and stared down at Mickey to keep herself grounded. Micky immediately reacted to her glance and made eye contact with her. If the dog could talk, Jeanie was sure he’d have something wise to say.
By Monday Jeanie was certain that the Cohn situation had scared Mark off. It had been too much for him to handle, Jeanie thought. Here he was about to make untold money and she goes and does a silly thing like getting raped. He must now be thinking of her as a liability.
For some reason Micky started to bark and he ran to the street door.  Jeanie followed in her robe and slippers and put the door on a chain and looked out. There were three suspicious looking men in the hallway. At least that is what they looked like at first glance. Then Jeanie realised that they were all booted and suited and carrying briefcases.
‘Miss Jeanie Colbert?’ the older one of the trio said.
‘Yes?’
‘Pardon us for calling out of the blue, but we are attorneys for Mr Mark Klassberger and we have been phoning but there’s been no answer.’
‘Oh, really?’ Jeanie said wonderingly. ‘Ah, yes I turned the phone off. Sorry. What’s this about?’
‘Could we possibly come in and discuss it with you,’ the older man said. ‘I’m Dave Davis and these are my colleagues Bernie and Imran.’ He showed her some ID.
Jeanie looked at it – they were lawyers. She then checked with Micky to see how he was reacting, but he was wagging his tail. However, she had an ominous feeling.
‘Okay, please come through,’ Jeanie said letting them in and guiding them to the lounge.
‘Would you like some coffee, gentlemen?’
‘Thank you no,’ Davis said. ‘I don’t want to take up your time unnecessarily.’ 
‘Please sit,’ Jeanie said waving at her sofa.
The lawyers sat down in unison.
‘You have a lovely place if I may so,’ Davis said.
‘Thank you.’ Jeanie sat opposite them and smiled.
‘Basically,’ Davis said opening his briefcase , which was on his lap with a click. ‘Basically, we are here as Mr Klassberger representatives to offer you a settlement. This will be in the sum of thirty thousand dollars, five thousand more than you were promised, in the matter of Mr Radcliffe Cohn.  To receive these monies you will be required to sign a nondisclosure agreement whereby you promise to hold off any legal action until you have taken proper counsel.’
‘What?’ Jeanie was shocked. ‘So before I get the cash I will have to promise to keep my mouth shut about what happened?’
Davis glanced at his colleagues. ‘Not exactly. You are being asked to take proper counsel first before going to law.’
Jeanie frowned. ‘Counsel from who or whom?’
‘We are quite happy to act as advisors in this difficult matter,’ Davis said. ‘We have been apprised of the circumstances.’
‘Okay, so suppose I sign, take the money and don’t seek your advice?’ she said folding her arms.
‘Then you would be violating the agreement and Mr Klassberger could sue.’
‘Sue?’ Jeanie clenched her fists and stood up. ‘Okay, now I want you to leave! And tell your client that he can go to hell!’
‘Miss Colbert…’
‘Listen to me, I don’t need Mr Klassberger’s money,’ she said fiercely. ‘I’m independently wealthy. I’m a company director unless you didn’t know. So please go, I’m sorry you wasted your time.’
‘But Miss Colbert…’
‘Mr Davis, I have things to do and I want you to leave now!’
Micky was wagging his tail.
Reluctantly the lawyers stood up and followed Jeanie to the street door. In the hallway the senior lawyer turned and presented her with a card. ‘If you change your mind you are most welcome to give me a call.’
‘I doubt that I will,’ she replied taking the card and then shutting the door. Then she immediately broke down in tears. So this was the treachery the psychic Diego was talking about. These business people were all bastards, she told herself and Mark was the biggest bastard of them all! She went into the bedroom and threw herself on the bed. Micky joined her, sensing her distress.
The phones started ringing. Mark had obviously been informed of her refusal and was now anxious to talk to her. Well, he really could go to hell. She’ll handle the Cohn matter herself. But she was curious to know what Rod would think of the situation as he had quite a good sixth sense. 
However, it would now mean she wouldn’t have the extra cash to give Rod the ten thousand she had promised. Still, she had money in the bank, but Mark’s little booster would have helped.
She sat up thinking that this really signaled the end of her relationship with Mark. Unless of course the lawyers had misrepresented him, which she had an idea he was going to say. She would like to know how he was going to wangle himself out of this one. But as punishment she decided to keep the phones off and not to talk to Mark for a few days to let him stew in his own juices.
Chapter Nine
In the end, Jeanie had to turn her phones back on and discovered that several people, apart from Mark were anxious to talk to her including Ned, her aunt Lucy and Rod. But it was now Tuesday and she was due to attend a rehearsal at their studio to prepare for the gig at the Regis Theater in Santa Clara.
When she arrived at the studio, Clive the producer grabbed her arm. ‘Hey Jeanie, how are you?’
‘Fine where’s Rod?’ she asked.
‘He’s in conference with Lamar, best not to disturb them,’ Clive said.
‘Where?’
‘In the stockroom,’ Clive said giving her a strange look. ‘Best not go in there.’
‘The stockroom?’ Jeanie said puzzled. But she ignored Clive’s advice and went down the corridor to an oversized cupboard and burst in. She was shocked to see Rod on his knees on the floor in front of Lamar who had his trousers open. Both men looked up at her with wide guilty eyes. Jeanie took in the lurid scene and quickly shut the door.
She literally could not believe it. Rod was definitely cracking up. The drugs had driven him mad. She floated back to her office in a kind of trance.
Clive followed her in grinning. ‘So how was your weekend?’
She couldn’t answer for several seconds as she tried to compute what she had seen.
‘Been busy?’ Clive asked.
‘Weird,’ she finally replied taking her coat off. ‘Is Jasmine here?’
‘Not yet,’ Clive said talking the seat in front of her desk. ‘Look, I wanted to talk to you.’
Jeanie sat back in her chair. ‘Shoot!’
‘I’ve been hearing rumours about the company changing hands,’ Clive said. ‘Is this true?’
Jeanie shook her head. ‘Do you know what, I’m not a hundred percent sure. Rod was thinking about selling his share in the company, but I don’t know how we would cope without him.’
Clive looked concerned and then nodded. ‘So if he did, what would happen to me?’
‘You’d still be safe.’ she said. ‘Say, Clive could you recommend a good lawyer to me?’
‘What about Tam?’
‘No, I want someone who’s really good,’ Jeanie said.
Clive laughed. ‘There’s my sister’s husband’s niece, Nora. She’s been practicing law for over fifteen years. She’s really good and does a lot of private work and she doesn’t overcharge.’
‘In what area of law?’
‘Mainly in domestic abuse cases,’ Clive said.
Jeanie’s eyes lit up. ‘Do you have her number.’
‘I’ll give it to you later,’ Clive replied looking at her curiously. ‘Have a problem?’
‘It’s a long story but I’m not happy about something,’ she said. She went over to the electric coffee pot brewing on a small corner table. ‘Want a coffee?’
Clive shook his head. ‘I’ve had one thanks.’ He got to his feet. ‘Okay, I’ll catch you later.’
Jeanie poured herself a hot drink and went back to her desk as Clive left the room. She had to remind herself what Clive was working on at the moment. Then she remembered that he was helping Toby, their sound engineer remove some glitches which had  appeared on one of the tracks of their latest release. 
They were only minor and looked like electrical interference on the playback timeline and were barely audible. If it had been worse they would have had to recall some of the CDs which had already been sent to their distributors.
Jeanie was actually a little bit annoyed with Toby for not spotting them before, as they were very visible in the sound engineer’s Cubase track view. He was getting sloppy. 
Jeanie’s secretary brought in some mail and put it on the corner of the desk. Some of it looked suspiciously like bill invoices.  Jeanie thanked her and then said, ‘Oh, Rachel if Mr Mark Klassberger phones, tell him I’m in conference.’
Her secretary smiled and Jeanie continued to drink her coffee as she switched off her cell phone as well.
Finally, Rod came in smoking an ordinary cigarette and helped himself to some coffee. ‘Morning!’
‘Morning,’ Jeanie replied giving him a funny look. ‘I see you’ve made it up with Lamar then.’
‘Each to his own, eh!’ Rod said winking at her and taking a seat in front of Jeanie’s desk. ‘You should try it sometime!’
Jeanie couldn’t help but smile. ‘Rod, I thought you were letting Lamar go.’
‘I did just now!’ he said with a loud laugh.
‘Rod, for heaven’s sake you’re now a married man!’
‘Yeah, I know, where is she anyway?’ Rod said glancing over his shoulder.
‘Jasmine? Give the girl a break, you’ve only just tied the knot,’ Jeanie replied. ‘So how was Miami?’
Rod nodded. ‘Great!’ He then became serious. ‘So any updates on Mark? Is he going to buy me out or what?’
‘He said he’ll offer you a million and a half for your share,’ Jeanie said. ‘He is also supposed to be calling you.’
Rod frowned and shook his head. ‘Is he joking? A million and a half for what I’ve built up over the years?’
Jeanie tapped her fingers on her desk. ‘Hmm. Anyway, Rod suppose you do sell, then we’ll be seriously short of experienced executive manpower…’
‘No you won’t,’ he said. ‘See, although I will be selling my share, I’m not planning to leave the company. Didn’t you realise that? I’m hoping you’ll then offer me a job as salaried employee.’
Jeanie nodded slowly. ‘I suppose that would work.’
‘It will be a condition,’ he said. ‘Look, give me Mark’s number if you wouldn’t mind and I’ll phone him.’
‘We’re not speaking at the moment,’ she said.
‘Huh?’
‘I was raped over the weekend!’ she said suddenly. ‘By Mark’s future business partner.’
Rod was visibly shocked. ‘Say what?’
Jeanie briefly explained what happened without mentioning Cohn’s name or going into the gory details. Rod’s reaction showed that he was genuinely concerned. ‘God, Jeanie I am so sorry.’
She shrugged. ‘Thank you, and now Mark’s trying to stop me making an official complaint. I want to go to the cops, but Mark reckons it would sour his relationship with his new business friend.’
Rod shook his head. ‘Jesus, if the guy had any moxie he’d take you to the precinct himself. I mean, Christ, what’s he thinking of? Who’s the guy who did this to you?’
Jeanie looked out of the window at the sunny day. ‘You heard of Radcliffe Cohn, he owns a load of department stores? Well he’s offering to showcase Mark’s latest line of jewelry which will mean a huge return if the units do well.’
Rod nodded. ‘Radcliffe Cohn. Yeah, I heard of him. He owns Mayers, one of the retailers who stock our CDs and stuff.’
‘Well it was him,’ Jeanie said. ‘See I went with Mark to a party at Cohn’s house wearing Mark’s latest creations. Cohn took me upstairs to show me his collection of old vinyl and then slipped something into my drink! When I felt woozy and had to sit down he pounced.’
Rod dropped his head down to his chest his brow furrowed. ‘Look, call me suspicious minded and I am, but it sounds to me like it was a set up.’
‘What do you mean?’
Rod held up his hands. ‘I may be completely wrong, but it seems to me as if you were part of Mark’s deal. You were offered as a sweetener.’
‘God, is that what you really think?’
‘I do, to be honest,’ Rod said. ‘I mean you just now said you went to the party wearing Mark’s creations. Did Mark ask you to wear them to make an impression on Cohn? And did he ask you to wear something sexy as well?’
Jeanie angled her head. ‘Yes, on both fronts.’
Rod held out his hands. ‘Then I rest my case. The deal was, I’ll stock your shit if you let me screw your girlfriend!’
Jeanie squirmed at his use of language, but it sounded  as if it could be plausible. Jeanie shook her head. ‘I can’t believe Mark would do that to me.’ 
Rod looked at her. ‘Is there a lot of money involved?’
Jeanie nodded. ‘You do the math.’
‘Then sure I think he might be tempted,’ Rod said. ‘Which raises the question, do I want to sell my share of this company to that sonofabitch?’
‘If you do, I will have to be his business partner,’ she said. ‘To be fair, Mark did offer me thirty grand for my inconvenience, but I refused.’ 
‘The fact that he offered you money is proof  that he was involved in some way,’ Rod said. ‘In fact, I would say he was one hundred percent involved. Why did you refuse the money?’
‘Because it was conditional on me not going to the police to report the incident,’ she said. ‘But I want to report it.’
‘You do?’ Rod said. ‘Hmm.’
‘What?’
Rod stared at her. ‘I think  Mayers might drop us if you went to the cops?’
Jeanie sat back and stared at Rod.
Rod leaned forward. ‘Sorry to bring this up, but about that ten grand you promised…’
‘Don’t worry, I’ll do a cash transfer today from my personal account.’
‘Thanks Jeanie, sorry,’ Rod said his face pained. ‘See the Ranada boys are starting to get a bit anxious. I need more money really, but ten grand would show them that I mean to keep my word.’
Jeanie frowned. ‘Keep your word about what?’
‘About paying them off in installments,’ Rod explained. ‘We lost three hundred kilos of contraband and other stuff when a boat I hired through a third party was pulled over by the coastguard. Now I’ve got to pay for the loss. Luckily, my name didn’t come up during the police investigation!’
‘God!’ Jeanie said with concern. ‘You need to be careful and stick to your day job, man!’ 
‘I agree, but the Ranadas would still take the ten grand as a first payment, even though it’s peanuts,’ he said. ‘A hundred grand would be better.’
Jeanie took a deep breath. ‘Okay, okay, I’ll lend you fifty grand then!’
‘You would?’ Rod said sounding delighted. ‘Jeanie you have just saved my life!’
Jeanie smiled and then instantly regretted being so generous. But she knew that Rod would pay it back eventually. The company’s cashflow was quite healthy, although it was easy to get confused between what was real spendable personal income and money that was owed out. Their finances were so complex that even their accountant and book keeper sometimes got confused.
Today was supposed to be rehearsal day, but everyone seemed to know what they were going to do at the gig in Santa Clara the next day anyway. The only person who actually did any rehearsals was Jasmine who came in late and planned to stay till the evening. And Jeanie only had two songs to do plus a duet with Rod and didn’t feel she needed to do much in way of practice. As for Lamar, he could be heard playing his saxophone out in the communal corridor. It must have annoyed the people who also shared the same building.
Rod went down to the studio where Jasmine was and they could be seen exchanges kisses as newlyweds do. When they started singing they sounded great. The gig at the  Regis the very next day, gave Jeanie a twinge of anxiety, although she was confident she wouldn’t fluff her lines. 
Eventually, she decided to go home after doing a little bit of admin which involved checking the mail and writing out some cheques. The rent on their suite of offices including the use of the studio and was a major expense. But Jeanie resolved to find somewhere cheaper. They didn’t have to have a downtown location necessarily, although it was good for Coolabah’s image.
As she was heading for the door, her secretary Rachel caught her. ‘Mr Klassberger is on the phone. He’s already rung three times.’
Jeanie sighed with annoyance. ‘Okay, I’ll take it in Clive’s office on line two.’ She knew Clive was with Toby in the studio control room.
‘Jeanie, what’s going on?’ Mark asked sounding quite angry when she took his call.
‘You’ve made me very upset,’ Jeanie replied. ‘I can’t believe that you got a couple of deuce bag lawyers to come to my apartment and actually threaten me!’
‘Jeanie, what are you talking about? Threaten?’
‘They said you’d sue me if I didn’t sign the nondisclosure agreement…’
‘Jesus, Jeanie you know what lawyers are like,’ Mark said. ‘As if I’d actually sue you! God no, I was just looking out for you! I just thought it would be wise for you to take some legal advice before you go complaining about Cohn to the police.’
‘What advice do I need?’ Jeanie replied leaning against the desk. ‘Cohn raped me, and I want to complain about it. It’s what victims are encouraged to do!’
‘Yeah, Jeanie I understand that, but Cohn isn’t just an ordinary citizen. He’s got connections in high places. He could do you and your company a lot of damage.’
‘You’re just fear mongering because you want your Goddamn deal with Cohn to go through without a hitch!’ She accused. ‘And another thing, did you tell Cohn that I was available to him?’
Mark paused, but he paused for too long before answering. This immediately told Jeanie that Rod was right. It had been a set up. ‘Jeanie of course not!’ Mark finally managed to say.
Jeanie felt sickened as a wave of disgust flowed through her. He had betrayed her and all in the name of business. She was just a name and a commodity to him to be exploited.  ‘I have to go,’ she suddenly said and abruptly put the office phone down.
As she left the office she turned on her cell phone and saw that Mark had left a couple of messages. Clearly he was desperate.
*   *   *
The Regis Theater in Santa Clara had been built in the nineteenth century and was called a proscenium theater because of its arches. Jeanie could see why Rod was interested in buying it. It was quaint and a famous venue in its own right. However, she didn’t want to know what the asking price was as she as sure they couldn’t afford it. But the manager said that it had been on the market for some time and the original asking price had dropped significantly. 
It was then that Jeanie had the idea that the venue could also serve as Coolabah’s offices and studios. The top part of the building had an apartment of it’s own and several large rooms below on the mezzanine level where the bar was.
Given the rental Jeanie and Rod were paying the landlords for their current suite of offices and studio, the theater would undoubtedly pay for itself over time.
Suddenly Jeanie felt excited. To be the owners of their very own theater which could also be earning money for them, appealed to her business instincts. They could even book acts and run the venue as a normal theater while still acting as a record company. 
She was sure she could get a mortgage. However, certainly the idea of having Mark onboard was now out of the question. Mark hadn’t bothered to phone Rod anyway and was clearly not interested in getting into the music business. Getting into the proverbial business bed with Radcliffe Cohn had now obsessed his mind instead.
Feeling reinvigorated, Jeanie had the manager of the Regis show her where the dressing rooms were. But she deliberately didn’t ask what the theater was on offer for. She didn’t want to act in haste and regret it later. 
They had a seven o’clock performance to do and already people were assembling around the building which was on a plaza. All the work they had done to generate publicity had paid off as Clive their producer kept reminding her. They were all booked up for their tour, and now Clive was hunting the east coast for some more likely venues.
Rod called a little meeting just before the performance and Jeanie could see that Lamar and Rod had sort of made up with each other. Jasmine was also all smiles, if a little baggy eyed.
‘Okay,’ Rod said. ‘We’ll stick to what we did the last time, although if Jeanie wants to do one of Jasmine’s numbers I’m sure Jasmine wouldn’t mind.’
‘Not at all,’ Jasmine said giving Jeanie a hug.
‘Maybe we could do a duet?’ Jeanie suggested.
‘Good idea!’ Rod said. ‘Perhaps on the first number.’
Jeanie smiled but was beginning to feel nervous. ‘Sounds good.’
‘We should definitely start with a duet,’ Jasmine said. ‘It will break in my throat and I won’t have to sing so loudly at first.’
‘Okay!’ Rod said. ‘I’d better go change, we’ve got twenty minutes.’
‘Oh Rod, I just wanted to say that I love this place,’ Jeanie said suddenly. ‘I think you’re right, we should buy it!’
‘You mean that?’
‘Yes,’ she replied. ‘What do they want for it?’
‘Eight hundred and fifty thousand,’ Rod said. ‘If it sounds cheap it’s because it has a few problems. The basements are damp and sometimes get flooded.’
Jeanie frowned. ‘Oh.’
Rod pulled a face. ‘But the manager said this is not a problem as they have a pump permanently installed which pumps out the excess water.’
‘Okay,’ Jeanie said thoughtfully. ‘Let’s think about it. Maybe that technically makes the theater unfit to be a public venue. We need to find out.’
‘My old man’s a plumber,’ Lamar said. ‘Let him have a look at it.’
‘That would be great,’ Rod said putting his arm on Lamar’s shoulder.
Lamar gave him a strange look and nodded. When Rod left the dressing room Jeanie beckoned Lamar over. ‘So what’s going on with you two?’
Lamar looked uncomfortably over at Jasmine who got the message and left the room with a smile. Lamar licked his lips. ‘It’s all because I got a good personal review in the papers. Now Rod’s my best friend, although I’ve had to do him a few favours as well.’
Jeanie nodded. ‘I noticed.’
‘Listen, I’m not that way inclined at all,’ Lamar said defensively. ‘I like women plain and simple.’
‘I understand, and it’s none of my business,’ Jeanie said. ‘I’m just a bit shocked that Rod is into that kind of thing and I’ve known him for years!’
Lamar pulled a comical face. ‘I think he’s into every kind of thing!’
‘So what are you going to do?’ Jeanie asked him with concern. ‘It amounts to harassment, doesn’t it? Do you think you might leave the company?’ 
‘Leave?’ Lamar said thoughtfully. ‘Nah, I love you guys. We’re a great team and I love the music. If I hated the music then I think I might.’
Jeanie smiled and spontaneously gave him a hug. ‘Thank you Lamar!’
Lamar looked at her and his voice broke. ‘I mean it Jeanie. You guys are my world!’ He appeared to wipe a barely discernable tear from his eye. But Jeanie thought he was just acting for effect.
But Jeanie sympathetically patted the handsome black man on his muscular arm anyway. His male beauty was indisputable, and it was no wonder Rod was all over him, Jeanie thought.
*   *   *
Before she knew it, the show got off to a bang and Jeanie almost forgot she was doing a duet with Jasmine. Jasmine was already on stage in her cute cowboy hat and Jeanie ran on to join her behind the single mic. 
She looked over at Lamar and the band and they all smiled back as they struck up. Jeanie gave them the thumbs up and started to sing with Jasmine. The audience went wild and began clapping and singing along with the performers. It certainly seemed that this crowd was determined to enjoy itself.
Jeanie put her arm around Jasmine’s shoulder and Jasmine responded with a smile. It looked like it was going to be a great night. After the first song, which received a thunderous applause, Rod broke from the rehearsed format and came up to the girl’s mic. He smiled cheekily and then started to tell a few jokes. The crowd reacted as if it was all part of the show.
‘You may have heard a rumour that Jasmine and I have just got married,’ he said.
To this the crowd whistled and cheered.
‘And I have to tell you that it’s true!’ he said.
There was laughter and clapping.
‘And being here proves we love you,’ he said with a wide grin. ‘Because we should still be on our honeymoon!’
The crowd’s reaction to this  was deafening and with that Jasmine launched into the next number and the dancers flooded onto the stage.
For some reason, the atmosphere in the theater was truly electric and Jeanie just knew this particular show would get especially good reviews. At the end, the crowd wouldn’t let the cast go and they had to do three encores.  
As exciting as it was, Jeanie found herself feeling quite burned out by the end of the evening. However, she did find time to ask the house manager if they could send in Lamar’s father to have a look at the damp in the basement. The manager agreed and said if it would help get the theater sold, he would be happy.
Rod caught up with Jeanie as she was leaving the theatre. ‘I’ve passed the money you lent me to the Ranada boys, and they were impressed that it came from you. Apparently, Michael Ranada is a big fan, so that helped to lower the temperature a bit.’
Jeanie nodded. ‘Oh good. So how much do you owe now in total?’
‘We’re still trying to work it out, but it’s a big number and I’m thinking of just going into hiding!’
Jeanie was alarmed. ‘You’re joking I hope?’
‘Listen, it’s pretty clear to me that the public just loves you, Jasmine and Lamar. I’m just a bit of a has-been.’
‘Are you serious?’
 Rod nodded his head. ‘I could still be a power behind the scenes.’
‘But where would you go?’ Jeanie asked hoping he wouldn’t suggest her apartment.
‘I’m thinking of just renting a place in the next city to the one I live in and take Jasmine with me,’ Rod said. ‘She can still come and do the rest of the tour, and Lamar can do my duets. His voice is just brilliant.’
Jeanie was pensive. Rod had certainly changed  his mind about Lamar. ‘It seems a bit extreme,’ she said.
Rod nodded. ‘Yeah, but if I don’t come up with at least another fifty grand by the end of next week, then there are going to be a serious issue.’
‘Are you saying that they would actually do something to you?’ Jeanie said in shock.
Rod shrugged. ‘Either that or they’ll take all the box office receipts for the rest of the tour.’
‘How?’
‘Easy, they’ll just turn up at the theaters and take the money collected on the day of the performance.’
‘You mean they’ll just barge in and steal the money?’ Jeanie said.
Rod nodded. ‘Exactly. As you know, it’s usually kept in a safe in the theaters’ main office.’
‘Jesus, Rod what are we going to do? We could complain to the police, no?’
Rod was thoughtful. ‘Waste of time. If I could raise another fifty grand then they might agree to another method of repayment. I mean, I could remortgage my house and give them the proceeds. Then, after I’ve paid the debt, I could recoup it with another deal. I’m already in discussions with the Captain of a French trawler which will do some runs for me in the Mediterranean.’ 
Jeanie shook her head. ‘God, you’re only getting yourself deeper and deeper into trouble. And if you do go into hiding then you will definitely get yourself killed.’ 
‘I’m just scared, Jeanie,’ he said. ‘They’re crazy people.’
‘Look, I’ll see if I can lend you another twenty-thousand,’ Jeanie said with a sigh.
‘Would you?’ Rod said his eyes looking at her pitifully. ‘And I’ll swear, every penny will be paid back, I promise!’
‘I know it will,’ Jeanie said. ‘I see what I can do. See you tomorrow then.’
He nodded. ‘The performance tomorrow is scheduled for a slightly earlier time of six pm. And thanks again!’
‘No problem, see you then,’ she said and left the theater by the exit door. She drove as fast as she dared back to her apartment and to her annoyance saw Mark’s car parked outside her block, but he wasn’t in it.
*   *   *
Jeanie pulled her car into her parking space and turned the engine off. She sat for a few minutes wondering how to handle Mark, who was obviously either waiting in the lobby or camped outside her apartment door. She was peeved that security had let him into the building, but it wasn’t their fault. The staff at the building knew that she and Mark were a steady couple.
Taking a deep breath, she locked up her car and went into the block where she was greeted by the man on the reception desk. ‘Mr Klassberger is waiting to speak to you urgently. We let him go upstairs if that’s okay?’
Jeanie nodded and took the elevator to her floor. When she got out she was surprised to see the hallway empty. It seemed that Mark had apparently left. Relieved, she entered her apartment and was amazed to hear the sound of the tv on in the lounge. Micky came flying out to greet her. Jeanie touched his head and then went cautiously into the lounge. 
Mark was sitting on the couch with his jacket off and a drink in his hand. ‘How was the show?’ he asked with a smile.
‘Mark how the hell did you get in here?’
‘Security let me in,’ he replied.
Jeanie was outraged. She walked over and turned the tv off. ‘Security? Well you can get the hell out!’
‘Jeanie…’
‘Mark, I said get out! You don’t do that. You don’t just walk into someone’s  apartments without their permission.’
‘Jeanie please be reasonable,’ he said putting down his drink. ‘You hung up on me when I called earlier, and you’ve been ignoring my calls ever since.’
‘Why do you think?’ she snapped. ‘Because you betrayed me Mark! You and Cohn  set the whole thing up! You turned me into a prostitute just to get your damned bling into Cohn’s stores.’
Mark got to his feet. ‘No you’re wrong, that’s not how it was.’
‘Then how was it, Mark?’ Jeanie demanded. ‘How was it that you conveniently went off somewhere during the party and left me with that fat pig?’
‘It just happened,’ he said. ‘Look, I’ve brought your cheque.’ He pulled a piece of paper out of his jacket pocket and waved it at her.
‘I don’t want your money Mark, I’m not for sale.’ 
‘Jeanie please, I’m sorry, I know I’m here without your permission,’ he said. ‘But I’m just desperate. I don’t want to lose you!’
Jeanie sighed deeply and folded her arms. Mark slowly approached her and put her arm around her, but she pulled away. ‘Mark don’t!’
‘Jeanie you’re the only person I care about,’ he said staring into her eyes. ‘My life is empty without you. When I leave you I feel a wrench.  The only time I actually feel happy is when I’m with you, or when I speak to you on the phone. So I would never dream of hurting you in any way!’
She returned his intense stare. ‘Then why did you do it?’
Mark turned and walked over to the painting over the mantlepiece. and stared at it ‘But I didn’t. You’re accusing me of something I am completely innocent of. Believe me, I regret ever taking you to that damned party. I feel terrible about it.’
‘But you kept pressurising me, even though you could have taken someone else,’ she said. ‘What’s so special about me that I had to go?’
Mark smiled. ‘Jeanie, you are quite a well-known singer after all, and Radcliffe just wanted to meet you…’
‘Radcliffe now, is it?’
‘Jeanie, look, he suggested that you could be part of our tv ad campaign for the jewelry,’ Mark said. ‘That’s why I wanted you to come.’
Jeanie’s temper had subsided slightly. ‘Okay, if your intentions towards me were nothing but honourable, then why present me with a non-disclosure agreement? Why are you trying to stop me making a complaint?’
‘I’m not,’ he said waving the cheque again. ‘Look, here’s your cheque with no strings attached.’
Jeanie laughed dryly. ‘And now you’re trying to manipulate me. Because if I took that cheque you know I would start having second thoughts about going to the police.’
‘Jesus, I can’t win,’ he said putting the cheque on the little table next to the sofa. ‘Well, here it is. If you don’t want it, tear it up.’
Jeanie stared down at it. ‘It’s not that easy Mark. I don’t feel you’re being honest with me.’
Mark shrugged. ‘Okay, if that’s what you think, I’ll go.’
She watched him put on his jacket and slowly walk across the room. 
‘Just bear in mind,’ he said. ‘Cohn can get nasty. I’m only trying to protect you.’
Jeanie shook her head. ‘I’m not scared of him. He’s done his worst.’
Mark smiled grimly. ‘You aint seen nothing yet. Not only could he destroy you, he could destroy your company.’
‘Goodnight, Mark.’
‘I’ll call you,’ he said and left the apartment.
When he had gone Jeanie went over and picked up the cheque. She was surprised to see that the amount was even more than she had been offered the last time – forty thousand dollars. In view of the loans she had made out to Rod, taking the money was sorely tempting. She decided to sleep on it. From experience she knew that she could be impulsive and then regret it afterwards.
She put the cheque in a kitchen drawer where she kept her purse and car keys and then decided to go to bed. First she checked the dog’s water bowl and then opened another tin of dog food, but Micky only sniffed at it. He appeared to be tired too. 
Then Jeanie got undressed and went to bed. The last thought in her mind was that she wasn’t going to let Cohn get the better of her. And as for Mark, the jury was still out on him!
*   *   *
Being in showbiz wasn’t all fun and games, as Jeanie knew too well. It consumed an awful lot of energy and time although the rewards could be spectacular.  Showbiz had bought her the apartment, her deluxe car, membership to clubs and exclusive gyms and she could always get a table at a good restaurant. 
Fortunately, she had never been stalked or threatened, but then she didn’t walk the streets at night. Also, she wasn’t so famous that people would instantly recognise her, which made her less vulnerable. But this was all about to change.
It was during her ‘healthy’ breakfast of scrambled eggs and coffee, that the old fashioned phone in the lounge rang and as usual Micky ran over to it. He knew that when that ‘strange thing’ made a noise, his mistress would talk to it. Sure enough, Jeanie put down her fork and rushed into the lounge. Micky once again proved he was a genius.
‘Hello?’ Jeanie said.
There was a long pause and a voice said, ‘Is that Miss Colbert?’
‘Yes, who’s speaking?’
‘You ever been to Australia?’
‘Sorry?’
‘In Australia they have some interesting vegetation, like the Coolabah tree,’ the voice said.
‘Rod, is that you?’
‘And the tree grows to a  height of twenty meters and then it gets chopped down,’ the voice said.
‘What are you talking about? Who is this?’ Jeanie said realising that this was no friendly call.
‘I’m just saying that if you’re not careful you could be knocked off your pedestal and easily get cut down to size!’ Then there was then a click and the caller hung up.
Jeanie stared at the phone. She knew of a call tracing app where you put in a short code and the offending number was then passed to law enforcement. But Jeanie couldn’t remember the details. Although she didn’t feel scared, she put down the phone feeling that her privacy had been seriously invaded.
However,  Jeanie knew who was behind the call – Radcliffe Cohn. It had to be. Mark must have told him of her intention to go to the police, and so he was now warning her and seemingly threatening her company too. The bastard!
She went back into the kitchen to finish her breakfast and Micky followed her. She gave the dog some of her egg which he devoured with particular enjoyment. Then Jeanie stood up, stretched, put her plate in the dishwasher, got a tablet and turned it on. A bit of a waste of hot water really as there was only another plate and cup in there.
Checking the kitchen clock she saw that she had several hours before their second  performance at the Regis, but she didn’t want to waste any time. So she decided to get some phone calls out of the way. She really needed to phone her aunt Lucy. She wanted to tell her about Nosmo King’s offer of adoption which seemed to her to be increasingly unlikely even silly as the days went on.
Anticipating a longish call, Jeanie topped up her coffee cup and came into the lounge and sat next to the old fashioned phone. Micky followed and jumped on the sofa next to her and began to lick the residue of scrambled egg which was still on his paws.
Jeanie phoned her aunt’s number which was answered after a long delay. ‘Aunt Lucy?’
‘Jeanie! You caught me, I’ve only just got up!’ her aunt said guiltily.
‘Well it is still early,’ Jeanie said. ‘How are things? How’s Ray?’
‘Same as always,’ her aunt said. ‘We’ll be doing a bit of supermarket shopping later today. We’re low on everything.’
‘Get it delivered,’ Jeanie said.
‘You can’t get the slots!’ her aunt said. ‘So how are you then? How’s the tour?’
‘Good, very good,’ Jeanie replied. ‘But something weird has happened.’
‘Oh tell me!’ her aunt said with genuine curiosity.
‘Well a couple of weird things have happened actually,’ Jeanie said. ‘You ever heard of Nosmo King?’
Her aunt thought for a moment. ‘Is he that funny talk show host on NBC?’
‘Not even close,’ Jeanie said with a laugh. ‘No, he runs this great big tv syndicate and he’s interested in featuring me and Rod in a series of specials, well he said he was.’
‘Great!’
‘But that’s not what I wanted to tell you,’ Jeanie said picking her words carefully. ‘Do you remember much about the accident?’
‘Accident?’
‘When mom and dad died.’
There was a pause. ‘Why?’
‘Well, they never found the other driver, did they?’
Her aunt Lucy sighed heavily. ‘No, he drove off and then someone took you to hospital.’
‘Well, I’ve found out that it was the other driver that caused the accident and who took me to hospital.’
‘How do you know?’
‘Because he told me,’ Jeanie said.
‘Huh? I don’t get what you mean,’ her aunt said sounding puzzled.
‘Please don’t say a word to anyone, but it was Nosmo King,’ Jeanie said. ‘He was the other driver. He’s had a guilty conscious about it for years and now he wants to compensate me for my loss.’
‘What?’
‘He’s really rich and he wants to adopt me, and I said I’ll think about it,’ Jeanie said.
Her aunt was very quiet. ‘I see.’
‘Well what do you think?’
‘But you’ve already got a family, me and Ray,’ her aunt replied sounding funny.
‘Yes,’ Jeanie said anticipating that she would have said that. ‘And I wouldn’t trade you for the world. Although, he does want to buy you a house!’
‘Oh?’ her aunt said, her tone changing. ‘What for?’
Jeanie had to think. ‘Because he’s so sorry about what happened.’
‘Hmm, really,’ her aunt replied suspiciously. ‘Well if you ask me he’s just trying to keep out of jail. He could still be prosecuted you know. It’s manslaughter and he could go to prison for years.’
‘But why did he come forward then?’ Jeanie asked. ‘I mean, he had gotten away with it, hadn’t he?’
‘But you don’t know that for sure,’ her aunt reasoned. ‘Maybe somebody found out and now he’s trying to sweeten you up in case a complaint is made.’
Jeanie was stumped. Her aunt certainly had a point. But it didn’t seem likely in view of all the time that had elapsed. ‘Do you think?’
‘I do think and I wouldn’t trust it,’ her aunt said.
‘Well, it all feels kind of weird to me anyway,’ Jeanie said. ‘I’ll probably just say thanks but no thanks…’
‘Probably?’
‘Well definitely then,’ Jeanie replied sensing that her aunt was more than uncomfortable with the idea of Jeanie being adopted.  ‘I’ll say I have a family already.’
‘Jeanie you don’t even owe the guy an explanation,’ her aunt said. ‘Plus, he could be lying. Maybe he read about your accident in the papers and is trying to con you.’
‘But he’s a famous businessman!’ Jeanie said.
‘Yeah? Well in that case he might have another motive!’
‘Like what?’ Jeanie asked. It was typical of her aunt to throw cold water on an idea.
‘Use your imagination,’ her aunt replied with a laugh. ‘You’re an attractive woman…’
‘Oh aunt Lucy, he isn’t like that!’
‘You don’t know!’
And so went the conversation and when Jeanie hung up she was sorry she had made the call. But her own feelings about Nosmo King were confused. Also, she couldn’t quite remember what Diego the psychic had told her about him. Or perhaps Diego had been talking about someone else. She would have to ask Lilly. It was easy to get completely confused and paranoid when you were in the music business.
Chapter Ten
The next few days whizzed by with another successful show under her belt. Jeanie’s attraction to the Regis Theater deepened and, as promised, Lamar got his father to look at the damp problem. Logan, his dad, went in at the weekend and his diagnosis was simple. All the vents in the basements were clogged up with years of soil subsidence. The solution was to clear them out and he said he would do it for a very modest payment. He also offered to be the caretaker if they ever actually purchased the theater. 
However, he cautioned them not to tell the manager or the owner of the property because they were likely to increase the asking price. ‘Just tell them you’re going to have to live with it!’ Logan advised with a wink. ‘Then as soon you get you hands on the place, I’ll go in and get the job done in four days.’
It sound like a good plan, but could Coolabah Records afford the asking price , Jeanie pondered? A property like a theater needed such a lot of maintenance. Keeping the place clean was only small part of it. To be viable they would have to keep it occupied, book loads of acts and put on shows themselves. Maybe this was an organisational job for Clive. Apart from being a producer, he did a lot of Coolabah’s admin and Jeanie felt bad that she had formed such a negative opinion of him. But this was mainly because he had a tendency to suck up to Rod, while being slightly disrespectful to her.
She was also critical of his actual music production skills. He had a tendency to over-produce. He needed to pair it all back a bit and she decided to talk to him about it.
She was sitting in the dressing room after their Regis show having a drop of wine from a bottle  she had snuck in. Rod caught up with her but was slightly subdued. However, he gave her a big hug.
‘You were brilliant tonight!’ he said.
‘Have some wine,’ she offered.
He went and filled up a paper cup with the liquid and drunk it all in one swig. ‘Boy I needed that.’
‘So where’s the next stop? Burbank?’
‘Yup, the Connover Civic Suite,’ Rod said. ‘It’s tiny so we’re not going to get much in way of receipts, but they were keen to book us, so Clive tells me.’
‘So what do you think about this place?’ Jeanie said. ‘Shall we put in an offer?’
‘I would like to, but someone will have to run it,’ Rod said.
‘Clive can run it,’ Jeanie said. ‘He loves doing that sort of thing. He can be the theater manager and booking agent while we work on our albums and manage Jasmine’s career.’
Rod gave her a strange look. ‘Hmm.’
‘What?’
‘Another problem I haven’t told you about.’
‘What?’
‘Jasmine’s manager Dean Thomas apparently took an overdose when he found out that Jasmine had married me. I gather she didn’t even tell him until after the event! ’
‘You’re kidding me?’ Jeanie replied.
‘It seems that they’ve been together for years but never got hitched,’ Rod said. ‘As far as I knew, Dean was just her manager. I never knew they were a couple.’
‘So what are you going to do?’
‘What can I do?’ Rod said with a shrug. ‘We’re married now.’
‘But it was only a publicity stunt wasn’t it?’ Jeanie said widening her eyes.
‘Look, what Dean does is not my affair.’ he said coldly. 
Jeanie was thoughtful. ‘But according to Lamar she had another manager that she dropped before Thomas, so maybe she’s in the habit of dropping people when it suits her.’
‘But you can’t just drop someone who is under contract like a manager,’ Rod said. ‘Jasmine is a bit of a dark horse I have come to realise. Plus, as a person I think she’s a bit boring.’
‘What do you mean?’
‘She spends all day in the mirror or on her phone and has no conversation,’ he said. ‘All she is interested in is the money. And since Dean took his overdose she’s been refusing to… you know what.’
Jeanie took another swig of her wine. ‘Oh? You mean she won’t… sleep with you?’
Rod nodded as his eyes flared up. ‘She says she feels bad for Dean!’
‘Give her time,’ Jeanie suggested.
Rod stared at her. ‘To be honest, the only woman I have ever truly loved is you. I don’t even know where Jasmine is coming from sometimes. She’s too young for me.’
‘Maybe you should give Gail another whirl,’ Jeanie said.
Rod laughed. ‘Even she’s been giving me the cold shoulder lately.’
Jeanie studied him. ‘If you weren’t a married man I’d invite you home for supper.’
‘You would?’ he said brightening up. ‘That would be nice. Jasmine can’t even cook.’
‘Buy her a cookbook,’ Jeanie said.
‘It’s not funny,’ Rod said. ‘Oh, and I have a message from the Ranada boys for you.’
‘For me?’ Jeanie replied looking alarmed.
‘They said they love the new album and the only reason I’m not dead is because of you. They’re big fans apparently.’
Jeanie nodded uncertainly. ‘Really. So how’s that situation going?’
Rod shook his head. ‘Not good. All my income is fast being paid out. If the deal with the French trawlerman doesn’t work out then I’m really snookered.’
‘I can’t keep lending you money, Rod.’
He held up his hand. ‘I know I know. And I appreciate what you’ve done for me.’ He checked his wristwatch. ‘Well I guess I better get going. Oh, and the next gig is scheduled for Thursday at the Connover at five pm.’
‘See you then,’ she said.
Rod came over and gave her a tight hug. ‘I think you’re wonderful!’
Jeanie smiled and watched him leave, her heart going out to him.
*   *   *
Driving back home Jeanie got a phone call from Mark who sounded upset. ‘I see you haven’t cashed my cheque yet!’ he said in a funny tone of voice.
Jeanie slowed down. ‘To be honest, Mark, I think I’m going to tear it up.’
‘Oh, please don’t do that!’ he said. ‘What are you trying to do to me?’
‘To you?’ she repeated. ‘What are you trying to do to me?’
‘Jeanie, okay, don’t cash the cheque then. But just please think before you act.’
‘Mark, I haven’t even gone anywhere near the cops,’ she said increasing the car’s speed. ‘I’ve been too busy.’
‘So what are you going to do then?’ He appeared to be pleading with her.
‘Obviously, you don’t want me to make a complaint about Cohn,’ she said.
‘To be honest no!’ he said. ‘Maybe forty thousand isn’t enough. Name your price.’
‘To keep my mouth shut?’
‘I wouldn’t put it like that,’ he said.
‘Okay, a million dollars!’ she replied, but she wasn’t being serious. She just wanted to see his reaction.
But his reply was immediate. ‘A hundred grand and that’s my final offer!’
‘Mark, I was kidding.’
‘If that is what it takes for you to help me secure this deal with Cohn then that’s fine. I’d make that back in the first week of trading anyway.’
Jeanie didn’t know what to say. ‘Mark…’
‘What?’
‘I’ll phone you tomorrow,’
‘Promise you’ll think about it,’ he said.
‘I will,’ she replied and hung up. A hundred thousand, she thought. It would solve so many problems. Help get Rod off the hook and be a down payment on the theater. She’d have to give the matter some more thought. 
When she arrived at her apartment she remembered that she had forgotten to leave Lilly’s money for the week. But it was too late to phone her and so Jeanie made a point to speak to her first thing. As she stood in the kitchen, she noticed that Micky looked a bit disturbed and it wasn’t obvious why.
She checked the apartment just in case it had been broken into and found that everything was still secure. But breaking into these apartments would be difficult and could only be done through the front door. However, there was no sign of any tampering.
Even though it was late, she phoned down to reception to ask whether anyone had come up to her floor recently looking for her. But the security man said there was no record of it. She had meant to raise a complaint with the manager over the fact that they had let Mark into her apartment the other evening. She would do that another time.
Instead, she went back into the kitchen and took some bills out of her purse and put them in a small brown envelope for Lilly. She placed it next to the electric kettle. Then she quickly made herself some muesli and poured some unsweetened soya milk over it from the freezer. She found that soya milk tasted just as good as regular milk and was sure that she felt better now that she had mostly given it up.
She took the bowl of cereal into the bedroom, quickly got undressed, climbed into bed and put the bowl on her lap. Usually she would check her phone messages and quickly take a look online. But recently her internet usage had fallen due to her work load. 
However, she was still in the habit of looking at her social media accounts at lunchtime. Everyone in the office did it, and as one of the bosses she didn’t mind. Just as long as people didn’t do it when they were supposed to be working.
She put her phone down when the dog jumped on the bed wanting some muesli. Jeanie put a spoonful onto the carpet and the dog jumped down and lapped it up. Jeanie then finished her cereal, which she was hunched over, and then laid the empty bowl aside. She could feel the brown sugar going to work and energizing her but not too much.
It was then that Micky’s head shot up and he scampered off down the hallway. This was a clear sign that someone was at her door. Jeanie frowned. Considering the time, reception should have done their job and prevented them coming up. It was nearly twelve am.
With a sigh Jeanie got out of bed just wearing her very short nightie and went out into the hall. She switched on the light and saw that someone was looking at her through the letter box.
‘Psst Jeanie! It’s me Rod.’
Jeanie quickly went and opened the front door. Rod stumbled in. ‘Hope you didn’t mind.’
‘Rod, what the hell are doing here at this time? If you wanted to speak to me you could have phoned.’
Rod was looking down at her legs. His breath smelled of booze. ‘I was missing you and I couldn’t face seeing that bitch!’ 
‘Rod, I was just about to go to bed!’
He put his arms around her into a kind of bear hug. ‘I’m missing you.’
Jeanie disentangled herself. ‘Please, you need to go home.’
Rod grabbed her again and put his hand on her bottom. ‘Don’t send me away.’ He hugged her again and grabbed both her buttocks.
Despite the fact that Jeanie felt tired, his nearness stirred her. ‘You’re a married man now! You shouldn’t be doing this with me.’
‘Who gives a shit,’ he said huskily kissing the top of her chest. ‘I’ve been married to her less than two weeks and I hate her already. The only good thing about Jasmine is that she can sing. Dean can have her back anytime!’
Jeanie try to push Rod off her, but he was clinging to her like a limpet. ‘Come on baby,’ he whispered into her ear. ‘Let’s make like we’ve only just met.’
Jeanie was without doubt up for it. The truth was thoughts of Rod were never far from her mind. His physical presence and her own near nakedness aroused her. Without much opposition she allowed Rod to take her back into the bedroom, where she fell backwards on the bed. 
He stood looking down at her and then he pulled off her nightdress and grabbed her pink panties and yanked them down. He stared down at her thighs and then quickly removed his jeans and underwear.
Jeanie looked up at him unabashedly. He was as big as a house, his desire for her blatant. She pulled herself up onto the bed and across it. Then he fell on top of her and began mouthing her breasts and quickly entered her. She gasped as he took her without mercy. They groped and clawed and pulled at each other for five long minutes.
When they kissed mouth to mouth, their passions and needs were as strong as each other. She dug her nails into his back, and he groaned, and then unable to help himself he climaxed with a shuddering moan and rolled off her. He lay next to her on the bed panting.
She was covered with perspiration, but she felt good and all the tension that had build up over the last week had drained away. It was then that she decided that she’d take Mark’s hundred grand after all and to hell with Cohn. Women got raped all the time and rarely did they have a hundred grand to show for it. But she decided that she wouldn’t tell Rod until the money was in the bag.
She went into the shower to wash off their love making. It felt good to be with someone she really liked and desired. Perhaps she and Rod were really meant to be together after all. Mark didn’t even come into the frame. Rod joined her in the shower and they washed each other down, laughing as they did so. It was crazy and bad of them, but it was a well-earned release.
They went back into the bedroom with towels wrapped around them. They sat on the bed and then Rod said. ‘Actually, this isn’t the real reason why I’m here.’
She looked up at him, her partially damp hair sticking to her forehead. ‘Why then?’
‘Just after the show when I was going home, Clive phoned me,’ he said. ‘Apparently, Mayers department stores are now refusing to stock anymore of our CDs. We’ve been blacklisted!’
Jeanie’s eyes widened. ‘What?’
‘It seems like your Mr Cohn is upset about something!’ Rod said. ‘Do you want to tell me what’s going on?’
Jeanie placed her head in her hands. ‘I can’t believe this. What reason did they give?’
‘According to Clive the local store manager said the CDs don’t meet basic product standards and are defective. So they’re being returned to our warehouse.’
‘Jesus!’ Jeanie exclaimed. 
 Rod rubbed his forehead. ‘That’s obviously just an excuse. After all a CD is just a CD.’
Jeanie thought for a moment. ‘Cohn is obviously determined to put on the pressure.’
‘Okay,’ Rod said. ‘But it’s affecting our whole inventory. None of Cohn’s two hundred or so stores will stock them anymore, according to Clive.’
‘Well, so what?’ Jeanie said. ‘Our other retail outlets are still good, aren’t they?’
Rod looked at her worriedly. ‘If word gets out that Mayers is refusing to stock our stuff then we might be banned by all of them. Jeanie, you need to sort this out!’
Jeanie sighed and leaned back against the headboard. ‘This is just all about the fact that Cohn thinks I’m going to police to make a complaint about him.’
‘Well, are you?’
‘I was thinking about it, and Mark was trying to persuade me not to,’ she answered. ‘He was offering me bribes but I couldn’t make up my mind.’
Rod leaned forward. ‘Listen, a word of advice, take the goddamn bribes. To bring a rape complaint against a man like Cohn is dangerous. He’s a major employer and a big player in the retail game with much influence.  He could completely destroy us unless you make the peace.’
Jeanie clasped her hands together and sighed heavily. ‘Okay, I’ll talk to Mark and get him to call off the dogs. He even wants me to sign something. So I’ll sign it. It’s just not worth all this hassle.’
Rod nodded. ‘Honestly, this is one battle you can’t win without harming yourself and our company.’
‘I think you maybe you’re right,’ she said.
‘We did discuss this before,’ Rod said. ‘And I think I suggested this outcome as a possibility. We don’t need an enemy like Cohn. Not if we want to sell CDs.’
‘Fine, okay,’ he said.
Rod got up from the bed and quickly got dressed. ‘I better get going. I’m sure the wife will be waiting up for me!’
*   *   *
Jeanie had the next day off, and then there would be a show to do at the Connover Suite in Burbank. It was the sort of place where small scale pantomimes took place and tiny orchestral ensembles did their thing. But Jeanie’s show was completely sold out and that wasn’t to be sneezed at.
Jeanie had been under the impression that they were due to do another show at the Regis, but it was easy to get dates and venues mixed up. That was why someone like Clive was a useful guy to have around, as he was the man keeping track of all these things. She phoned him and he informed her that another gig at the Regis was definitely on the table in the future, but it wasn’t yet booked. 
However, he informed her, some other entrepreneur was also showing interest in acquiring the Regis theater. But he had made a desultory offer which was rejected by the present owners. The fact that there was damp in the basement was handy from Coolabah’s point of view.
Believing she had an extra hundred thousand to play with, Jeanie told Clive to quickly put in an offer five percent less than the asking price and see what the owners said. Then she phoned Mark’s cellphone. A young women’s voice answered his phone.
‘Hello?’
‘Oh, have I got the right number?’ Jeanie asked frowning and wondering who this was. ‘Is Mark Klassberger there?’
Mark took the call, he sounded like a man with a hangover. ‘Jeanie? You okay?’
‘Mark, what have you said to Cohn? Did you tell him I was going to press charges?’
There was a long pause and then Mark said, ‘I told him you were upset.’
‘Anything else?’
‘No why?’
‘Because he’s blacklisting our CDs,’ Jeanie said. ‘One of his store managers said that our CDs were substandard and are returning them. So what is that all about?’
Mark sighed. ‘Look, Cohn knows that you remembered what happened. I think he was thinking that the stuff he gave you would make you confused and not remember.’
‘So are you saying that he actually admitted to you that he raped me?’ Jeanie said.
‘Not in so many words,’ Mark replied. ‘I’m just reading between the lines. But the point is, he has also withdrawn his offer to me subject to a re-evaluation.’
‘Huh?’
‘There will be a bit of a delay before my jewelry line is rolled out in his stores,’ Mark told her. ‘So I’m afraid I will also have to withdraw my offer to you, sorry. I don’t think Cohn trusts me anymore and he is obviously terrified of you!’
‘Terrified of me?’
‘Yes,’ he said. ‘So I think the way to resolve this is for you to go and see Cohn personally and tell him that there’s been a misunderstanding.’ 
‘A misunderstanding? Can’t you just tell him that you’ve spoken to me and that I don’t fully remember what happened. That I just get little bits of memory and that I’m not going to the police. Maybe that will calm him down.’
‘I could try,’ Mark said sounding a bit more upbeat. ‘So are you saying that you definitely aren’t going to do anything about it? That you’ll drop the matter?’
Jeanie sighed. ‘I don’t want to drop it, but I can’t afford to have him interfering with our sales. We need our CDs in the stores, it’s vital.’
‘Of course you do,’ Mark said. ‘Listen, couldn’t you just go one step further and sign something as well, please? Or write a statement saying that you and Cohn are good friends and that you are grateful that he is stocking your albums, and any rumours about a personal problem are incorrect?’
‘Alright,’ Jeanie replied.
‘Great,’ Mark replied. ‘I’ll try and contact him today and I’ll let you know what he says.’
‘Good,’ she replied. ‘And who are you with by the way?’
‘Oh, just a friend.’
Jeanie didn’t bother to ask who and hung up hoping that this would solve the problem. She could in theory go into the studio today and do a rehearsal but there was no need. She decided just to enjoy her rest and spend some quality time with Micky. The gig at the Connover sounded like a school concert and she didn’t feel intimidated by it at all.
She took the dog out for a walk around her apartment block and Micky had already committed the area to memory from his first walk. He began pulling on his lead and so she gave in to his demands.
After the walk, she made some lunch when the old fashioned phone in the lounge started ringing.  She rushed in to answer it.
‘Jeanie Colbert? It’s me Radcliffe!’  
‘Mr Cohn?’
‘I’m just phoning to inform you that I’m currently in consultation with my lawyers who will shortly be  presenting you with a gagging order. I’m also considering suing you for defamation of character!’
‘What? Mr Cohn, have you spoken to Mark?’
‘Yes, I’ve spoken to Mark and I gather you told him that I raped you!’
Jeanie didn’t know how to respond. ‘Mr Cohn…’
‘Who the hell do you think you are that you can go around spreading libelous lies about me like that? Do you think that because you’re in show business that this gives you carte blanche to trash people’s reputations? It’s all the rage now thanks to social media, isn’t it? But don’t kid yourself! To me you’re nothing! You’re just a dumb, naive upstart and your singing isn’t that great. I’ve heard better believe me! So I will thank you not to use my stores as the outlet for your musical garbage, because that is what it is! My lawyers will be contacting you shortly!’ He hung up. 
Jeanie stood perfectly still staring at the phone shocked. She slowly put it back on its cradle and sat down sat on the sofa. She felt as if a door to a bright future had just been closed. It seemed that Mark had messed up. 
She was tempted to call him, but she needed to think. She was determined not to let Cohn get the better of her or her company. He was in the wrong and now he was going all out to tie her up in legal knots to prevent the truth from getting out. For a split second she actually contemplated getting a gun and shooting the man! He was obviously a completely and utterly ruthless bastard!
She sat on the sofa biting her nails as she thought through a couple of scenarios. It really did seem as if Cohn was holding all the cards. She needed to speak to Rod and also to call Clive before he put in an offer for the Regis. The dream of expanding her empire with a theater could now be just a pipedream. 
*   *   *
Cohn’s call had quite a bad effect on her. But he wasn’t the only powerful man in the world. Jeanie had Nosmo King on her side. In fact of the two of them, Nosmo probably had more influence over the media than Cohn did, although he was a powerful retailer. However, she didn’t want to scare Nosmo off with her problems. 
But there was a chance of course that he might use his influence to get Cohn to see sense. If Nosmo and Corrine were serious about wanting to adopt her then they would surely be sympathetic to her situation, otherwise it was just a big sham.
Without doubt, in this case, she was the victim and Cohn was the aggressor and he was behaving like all cornered rats did, going for the jugular. But perhaps the situation was too messy for Nosmo King to get involved with.
Unable to think of anything better to do she decided to phone Nosmo just tell him what had happened and to see what he could suggest.
When Jeanie rang, Corrine picked up the phone and cheerfully said, ‘Oh, Jeanie, I was just going to phone you! How did your show go? It certainly got great reviews locally.’
‘Yeah, it was fine thanks, how’s Nosmo, I mean Ned?’
‘He’s had to fly to Washington and wont be back until tomorrow evening.’
‘Oh, okay, well the reason I rang was to get some advice,’ Jeanie said. ‘I have a bit of a problem, and I wasn’t sure if I should burden you with it.’
‘Listen,’ Corrine said firmly. ‘If you’ve got a problem we’re the very people you should talk to. Just get it off your chest, dear!’
Jeanie took a deep breath and then plunged in telling Corrine all about the party at Cohn’s mansion and the rape. She also mentioned Cohn’s legal threats and the way he had backlisted their company. Corrine listened with deep attention, and then she said, ‘I’m sorry to hear this. It seems like you’ve become another victim!’
‘Sorry?’
‘I’ve heard similar stories before about Radcliffe Cohn,’ Corrine said. ‘Listen, it sounds as if you’ve had a terrible experience and my heart really goes out to you, dear. Look, would you like to come over for supper later and we can talk more?’
Jeanie was tempted but declined as she wanted to relax as much as possible before the next gig came up. She knew from experience that she needed to grab as much down time as she could when it was available. ‘Thank you ever so much Corrine. But could I take a rain check on that as I’ve got to prepare for our next gig in Burbank which is coming up soon?’
‘Not a problem dear,’ Corrine said with understanding. ‘But I don’t want you to worry about Cohn. His time will come believe me. You can only get away with that sort of nonsense for so long. But I can tell you straight away that Ned will talk to his legal team to see if they can do anything to help you. Cohn has no right to stop you talking to others about your terrible  experience with him. He’s just trying to intimidate you.’
‘You’re right. Thanks,’ Jeanie said. ‘Talking to you has been a weight off my mind.’
‘That’s not a problem,’ Corrine answered. ‘I’ll speak to you soon. I’ll get Ned to phone you.’
‘That would be good. Thanks again and bye, Corrine!’ Jeanie said putting down the phone. 
She was glad she made the call. Now she didn’t feel so helpless. She sat back on the sofa and looked over at Micky who was half-dozing by the large picture window. Her spirits were now almost completely restored. 
The only thing that really bugged her wasn’t the rape so much as the fact that Coolabah’s CDs were being blacklisted. But Mayers only stocked a fraction of their total global CD and album distribution. She just didn’t want other retailers getting in on the act as well. However, if Cohn had a bit of a bad reputation, then they surely wouldn’t want to be tarnished with it too, she thought?
*   *   *
There was so much stuff going on in Jeanie’s head that she wished she had another secretary to sort it all out. Arriving for the gig at the ultra-modern Connover Centre in Burbank, she decided to see if Jasmine was okay. The fact that Jasmine’s ex-manager Dean Thomas had taken an overdose might affect her performance. 
Jeanie also felt guilty that she had taken Rod to her bed the night before last, which was a terrible thing to do in retrospect. She couldn’t believe she allowed herself to be used like that, although it took two to tango. She considered coming clean and telling Jasmine what had happened but then changed her mind.  
Jeanie found her in her dressing room talking to Lamar.
‘Hi, Jeanie,’ Lamar said his face serious. He turned to Jasmine. ‘Speak you later,’ and left the room.
Jasmine understandably didn’t look in the best of moods. ‘Hi, Jeanie.’
‘How is he? Dean I mean?’ Jeanie asked going and sitting with the girl.
Jasmine sighed. ‘I don’t know if you know, but he wasn’t just my ex-manager, he was my ex- boyfriend. I really don’t need this right now!’
Jeanie nodded. ‘Of course you don’t. So I presume he’s okay, then?’
‘I don’t think he was seriously trying to kill himself,’ Jasmine said staring at her own face in the mirror. ‘But what’s worrying me is that he’s now discharged himself and he’s not at his apartment.’
‘Discharged himself from hospital?’
‘Yeah,’ Jasmine said with a nod. She clasped her hands. ‘The doctor told me he needed some counselling or even psychiatric help. I’m just worried he’ll try to do it again and this time succeed!’
‘That’s a possibility I suppose,’ Jeanie said realising that Jasmine still had strong emotional ties to her ex-manager. ‘Listen, if you like, you won’t have to do the show tonight. Me, Rod and Lamar can do your numbers.’
Jeanie looked at her. ‘Really?’
‘You can take the evening off on compassionate grounds,’ Jeanie told her.
Jasmine grabbed her and hugged her tightly. ‘Jeanie you are so good to me. But no, I’d much rather go on tonight. It will help keep my mind off Dean.’
‘If you’re sure,’ Jeanie said taking Jasmine’s hand. She decided that telling Jasmine that Rod had come over to her apartment would be exceedingly counterproductive.
Talking of the devil, Rod put his head around the door. ‘Fifteen minutes,’ he said.
‘I’d best get ready,’ Jeanie said going to leave.
*   *   *
As usual Lamar started off the show with a quick saxophone intro and the curtain went up to loud applause. A smiling Jasmine in a cowboy hat ran onto the stage and got behind the mic followed Jeanie. They blasted into the first number to ecstatic clapping and whistling. 
Jeanie couldn’t figure out why there was such enthusiasm from the crowd considering the music was very middle of the road country. But she spotted a number of grandmothers in the audience and realised that the show was something for all the family. However, Jeanie had never thought of her music as country music, but Rod had somewhere created that feel in the musical arrangements. The addition of steel guitar more than anything contributed to that.
Rod had also asked the dancers to vary their routine a bit and they came up with a mixture of classic and modern dance which was much appreciated. It seemed they could do no wrong. Just to be different Rod stopped one of the songs in the middle, made a joke, did a handstand on the piano stool and then threw his hat into the audience. There was much laughter at this, and it was thrown back on stage. Lamar ran over and grabbed it and put it on top of the hat he was already wearing, to huge laughter and cheers.
They cracked on with the show with an up-tempo piece and the fervor of the crowd was clearly growing with people getting up and dancing in the aisles. It was the best audience reaction Jeanie had ever seen and grew tearful during one of the sadder ballads which she elected to sing. At the end, she received a showstopping thunderous applause which rocked the modern chandeliers in the ceiling.
There were shouts of ‘we love you Jeanie, we love you Jasmine!’ Audiences could be so kind. A woman then ran on stage and grabbed Lamar who struggled with her for a second. Some theater attendants from stage left came to his rescue, but the woman managed to rip some buttons from his shirt which Jasmine found funny.
‘Damn!’ Lamar could be heard saying. ‘I paid forty dollars for this shirt!’
And just when things couldn’t get any more exciting, there was a flash of light, and the loud blast of a gun ringing out. It echoed all over the auditorium and Rod, who was at the piano suddenly clutched his shoulder, his face in shock. For a split second the crowd froze and then began screaming and running in all directions. 
All eyes fell on the lone figure of a man who was slowly walking up the central aisle with a smoking weapon in his hand pointed at the stage. The theatre lights were behind him, shrouding his face in darkness and so it was difficult to discern who he was at first. Then Jasmine herself screamed. It was Dean Thomas, her ex-manager. 
Lamar threw down his saxophone, jumped off the stage and tackled Dean in the aisle  before he could fire anymore shots. The two men fought over the gun which went off again without hurting anyone. Two young men in the crowd dived in to assist Lamar and managed to subdued the assailant. Fortunately, the gun spun away under the seats.
Trembling and in shock, Jeanie ran over to Rod who was lying on the stage next to the piano  being assisted by members of the band. His shoulder had been hit and his white tunic was drenched in blood which poured from his wound.
‘Hey, no big deal,’ he said as he gazed into Jeanie’s eyes. ‘But I’ll have a hell of a laundry bill!’ and then he fell unconscious.
Clive quickly phoned for an ambulance on his mobile and they took Rod backstage to remove his bloodied clothes. Meanwhile a member of the theater staff climbed back on stage and got behind the mic to address the audience which was quickly exiting the auditorium. He said that the situation had been contained and not to panic, but by then the place was virtually empty. 
Dean kept struggling on the floor and so Lamar socked the man in the teeth and knocked him out, hurting his knuckles. Jasmine stopped Lamar hitting him again as she knelt next to Dean, her arms around his neck. Literally seconds later the police arrived and cuffed Dean who was now limp. Lamar gave a statement as an ambulance crew eventually arrived for Rod and went into the theater with a stretcher via the rear stage door.
 Rod was taken to the Encino-Tarzana Regional Medical Center and was rushed into the operating theater immediately. Jeanie thought there was an irony in this. From one theater into another, she thought to herself. She had followed the ambulance in her car but found it strange that Jasmine chose to stay with Dean rather than Rod whom she had just married.
It became quite clear to Jeanie that Jasmine was just using Rod and that she really loved Dean. But clearly there had been a communication breakdown between the two of them. Didn’t Dean realise that the marriage was just a publicity stunt?
Several of the cast turned up at the hospital, which brilliantly and quickly extracted the bullet from Rod’s shoulder. Within two hours of his arrival he was sedated and in a private room and fully conscious. The whole of his left top shoulder was bandaged, and he was sitting up in bed cracking jokes with the staff.
Jeanie felt enormously relieved that he had pulled through.
‘One more centimeter to the right and I’d be dog meat!’ Rod cracked.
Jeanie was given a chair and she sat holding his hand. ‘You’re in high spirits considering you had a close encounter!’ she said to him.
‘Why do think?’ he said with a smile. ‘We’ll be all over the national news!  Broadway agents are gonna come running!’
‘Is that all you care about?’ she chided. ‘I mean you could have been killed!’
‘Even better!’ he said with a grin. ‘Where’s Jasmine?’
‘I’m not sure,’ Jeanie replied not wanting to tell him that she was with Dean.
Rod sat back on his pillow. ‘But guys listen. The show must still go on! We’ll continue with the tour even if I have to borrow Jasmine’s old wheelchair!’
It was then that Lamar arrived with Jasmine and they stood next to the bed making a fuss of Rod who didn’t look too happy that they had come together.
Jeanie frowned. She was beginning to feel quite fatigued. She stayed with Rod until the hospital staff suggested they came back the next day. Jeanie then gave him hug and hit the road. 
When she arrived at her apartment, she picked up Micky and gave him a big hug. The dog licked her back, glad to see her home again. Then she went into the bedroom and immediately got ready for bed.
 Fortunately, the next two days would be free before their next show, although this one would be geographically further away. She couldn’t remember the name of the theater or where it was located. But it should be a regular sized one and wouldn’t be a cramped as the Connover.
Chapter Eleven
 She awoke to the buzzing of her cellphone.  It was still only early in the morning. Micky, who had been lying on the bottom of her bed, lifted his head curiously as she answered it.
‘Am I speaking to Miss Jeanie Colbert?’ a Spanish accented male voice said.
Jeanie frowned. It seemed that everyone in the world had her phone number. She needed to change it. ‘Who’s speaking please? Is that you Diego?’
‘No, my name is Michael Ranada,’ the man said. ‘I’m Mr Rodney Cornwall’s business associate and I’m a big fan of yours!’
Jeanie’s mind went blank, and then she recalled that the Ranada boys were the gangsters who had been giving Rod problems. ‘How did you get my number?’ Jeanie asked feeling a twinge of dread.
‘It’s in the phone directory.’
‘Is that right?’
‘Yeah, anyway, I think Rodney told you about us?’ the caller said.
‘He may have mentioned your name,’ Jeanie replied.
‘Well, I am sorry to bother you at this difficult time,’ Michael Ranada said. ‘But is it possible to meet with you to have a little chat?’ 
‘Oh,’ Jeanie replied unsure how to talk to gangsters. ‘We can talk now can’t we?’
‘We could but I hate talking on the phone,’ he said. ‘There could be eavesdroppers.’
‘Right,’ Jeanie said.
‘Listen, let me just say that I was very unhappy to hear what happened to Rodney last night,’ Michael Ranada said. ‘It is all over the news. It seemed that your theater didn’t have very good security. I admire Rodney very much and consider him to be a friend. I was shocked to hear that he had been gunned down and I hope and pray that he will be alright. I have tried phoning him, but he doesn’t seem to have his phone with him.’
‘I can tell him you phoned me if you like,’ Jeanie said with a heavy sigh.
‘That would be good,’ Michael Ranada said. ‘But if you and I could meet that would be better.’
‘Is it absolutely essential that we meet?’ Jeanie asked trying to put the man off.
Michael Ranada laughed. ‘You have no reason to be afraid of me, Miss Colbert. But, see, I was hoping to meet you to thank you personally for your help, and to discuss a way that I can help you too.’
‘Thank me for what help?’ Jeanie asked.
‘Listen, Miss Colbert do you know Kohl’s department store in Bucktown?’ Ranada asked without answering her question. ‘Well, there’s a family restaurant nearby called Largans Chop House. We could meet there if you like. It will be a safe public place for you, and I can tell you what’s on my mind.’
Jeanie took a deep breath. ‘Can you give me a clue?’
Ranada laughed. ‘Okay, you have a very bad business problem that I can help you with,’ he said. ‘I can get Radcliffe Cohn off your back.’
Jeanie was surprised at his words. ‘Who told you about Cohn?’
‘Rod said he was being a pain,’ Ranada said. ‘We know all about Cohn. He used to be a customer of a good friend of mine.’
‘A customer for what?’
‘He likes to have parties and our friends used to supply him with stuff,’ Ranada told her. 
‘Stuff?’ she asked.
‘Never mind,’ Ranada said. ‘But he’s a bad dude and he’s got it coming.’
‘So what are you suggesting?’ Jeanie asked.
‘I’d rather not say anymore on the phone.’
‘Okay, would you like to meet today?’ Jeanie said now completely intrigued.
‘That would be good.’
‘What about this afternoon, say three pm?’ she suggested.
‘Perfect,’ Ranada said. ‘If you’re worried, bring a friend, although what I have to say to you is very personal. You can park in Kohl’s huge carparking area.’
‘Alright, I’ll see you then,’ Jeanie said.
They hung up and Jeanie immediately wondered if Mark would agree to come with her.  Things had definitely soured between them, but she felt he owed her a favour. What Michael Ranada was going to propose was unclear, but she felt that it might be useful.
When she phoned Mark he sounded standoffish as if he didn’t want to talk to her. ‘You okay?’ he said with a plain lack of interest.
‘I’m fine at the moment,’ she said. ‘So what’s the matter with you?’
‘Don’t ask.’
‘How’s it going with Cohn?’ she said. ‘When’s he going to stock your line of goodies?’
Mark snorted. ‘He keeps putting me off and it’s all because of you to be quite frank!’
‘Because of me!’
‘Jesus, Jeanie you should have signed the non-disclosure agreement when I presented it to you. Now Cohn is completely paranoid.’
‘Well, he actually  phone  and threatened me,’ Jeanie told him. ‘He said I was spreading libel and he was now talking to his lawyers.’
Mark paused. ‘Great. That’s all we need.’
‘Look, Mark, I phoned to ask you a favour. A man called Michael Ranada called me and wants to meet me to help me with the Cohn situation. I told you about the Ranada boys before.’
‘Michael Ranada?’
‘Yeah.’
‘Jesus!’ Mark said raising his voice. ‘He’s strictly bad news. And you’d be mad to go within a mile of the guy!’
‘So is that a no?’
‘Damn right that’s a no!’ Mark all but shouted down the phone. ‘So how’s he going to help you deal with Cohn then?’
‘I don’t know, but I’d like to find out.’
Mark sighed. ‘Christ Jeanie, just try and do the sensible thing. My advice regarding Cohn is to be nice. If he gets his lawyers on to you then cooperate. If you go along with him he’ll cool down and then things will get back to normal.’
‘And you’ll be in the money?’
‘I don’t know,’ Mark said sounding unsure.
‘Okay, never mind, I’ll go and see Ranada by myself!’
‘Jeanie! No, I forbid you!’
Jeanie couldn’t believe her ears. ‘You forbid me?’
‘I didn’t mean it like that…’
‘Speak to you later,’ she said hanging up. She looked down at Micky who was in the middle of the carpet having a scratch. It was now very obvious to her that Mark was only out for himself. The fact that she had been raped was just an inconvenience to him as it was spoiling his relationship with Cohn. It was how victims got treated all the time. Their pain and suffering meant nothing when there were gains to be made or when high flying reputations were at stake. Perhaps victims needed a Michael Ranada in their lives to really help them out.
She then made a mental note to phone Rod in hospital later to see how he was doing.
*   *   *
Driving to Bucktown, Jeanie got a call on her cellphone from Nosmo King who strongly expressed his sympathy over the Cohn matter. ‘I am so sorry!’ he said. ‘When Corrine told me what had happened to you I was shocked.’
‘It’s just one of those things,’ she answered as she put her foot to the floor.
‘But don’t worry,’ he said. ‘I’ve got this great team of lawyers and I’ll have word with them when I get back from Washington.’
‘Do you think they can help?’
‘Well, lawyers like to speak to other lawyers,’ King said. ‘If this Radcliffe Cohn wants to go all legal on you, we can go all legal back. For one thing, if he has committed a crime, he can’t hide behind the law. It seems to me that that is what he is trying to do.’
‘You’re right!’ Jeanie replied.
‘These guys know more tricks than a monkey,’ King said. ‘As for the blacklist, once we start doing our tv specials featuring you and Rod, Cohn will be forced to come back to the table. Besides his retail outlets probably don’t account for more than five to ten percent of your total merchandise distribution. So don’t worry.’ 
‘When will the specials be scheduled for?’ Jeanie asked as she was looking forward to doing them.
‘I was thinking in the new year,’ King said. 
‘Oh,’ Jeanie said disappointed. That was months away and in the meantime Cohn could still do her company a lot of damage. 
‘The syndicate has quite a lot on its plate at the moment,’ he explained. ‘And that’s the earliest time we can go into production. I have this great lady producer called Anne Sautine, and she’s real keen to get cracking. I’ll get her to call you.’ 
‘Okay, Ned, I’m just so very grateful,’ Jeanie replied trying to hide her disappointment. 
‘No problem,’ he replied. ‘We’ll all have dinner when I get back.’
‘Look forward to it,’ Jeanie replied hanging up.
*  *  *
Jeanie had to use her satnav to find Largans Chop House which appeared to be a popular family restaurant. She parked up in Kohl’s huge parking area and strolled over to the restaurant wondering if she had made a serious mistake. But there was something about Michael Ranada’s voice which she quite liked. He didn’t sound like a blood-thirsty gangster at all. 
The restaurant was a very up-to-date diner and it was packed with customers sitting in their cubicles getting stuck into delicious-looking meals and snacks.  The atmosphere was filled with the tantalizing aroma of sizzling meats. Jeanie ordered a coffee and realised that she had arrived fifteen minutes early. She wondered if this Michael Ranada was punctual  person and found out that he was.
He arrived carrying a shopping bag with two other men and seemed to recognise her straight away. He approached her table and held out his hand. ‘Miss Jeanie Colbert?’ he said politely.
Jeanie took his hand, and they shook. It was just a handshake, but it felt so intimate. She was also impressed by the man’s brown-eyed, tanned, dark handsome looks and generally well-groomed appearance. He was in his early forties, wore a light grey suit and a polo neck with a big gold chain around his neck. In addition, he sported a silver wristwatch which reminded her of one of Mark’s creations. 
‘May I sit down?’ he asked, his voice mellow and accented.
‘Please do,’ she replied intrigued.
Michael Ranada turned to his two associates. ‘Wait in the car.’
As they walked off Ranada sat down, smiled and said, ‘It is a great honour to meet you Miss Colbert.’
Jeanie smiled not knowing how to reply to this. ‘Thank you.’
The waitress came over and he ordered a glass of milk which Jeanie thought funny.
When she left, Ranada said. ‘I hope Rod has not given you the wrong impression of me. I admit he and I did have a brief falling out, but what has just happened to him is unforgiveable. I mean, him being hurt like this. I did pop in to see him last night but I couldn’t stay long. How is he now?’
‘The last I heard he was fine, but I haven’t spoken to him today.’
‘It’s very bad,’ Michael said his eyes darkening. ‘I gather the police had arrested the assailant and he is in custody?’
Jeanie nodded. ‘Yes.’
Michael nodded. ‘Well, I think Rod might need a bit of extra protection, and so I will be arranging for one of my men to be on hand at your future concerts.’
‘No need to do that, thanks all the same,’ Jeanie said.
‘I appreciate what you’re saying, Miss Colbert, but I would feel better knowing that my business associate was safe.’
Jeanie frowned. ‘What kind of business are you and Rod in?’ But she already knew the answer to that.
‘A difficult one,’ he replied. ‘We have an import export company, and we import certain specialised goods from Afghanistan and places like that!’
Jeanie nodded and understood that he meant drugs, but then she was just checking.
When the waitress brought over Ranada’s milk he said, ‘So let’s get down to business. First I want to thank you for lending Rod that fifty thousand which he promptly gave us. We in turn had to pass it on to some other people.’
‘That’s okay, Mr Ranada.’
‘Call me Mike,’ he said with a smile. ‘Also, I have a favour to ask and then I have a proposition.’ He lifted up the carrier bag and took out a CD and put it on the table.
Jeanie looked down and saw that it was her very latest CD. ‘One of mine!’ she said with a smile.
Michael took a felt-tipped pen out of his pocket and placed it next to the CD. ‘This is my niece Maria’s CD, who is a massive fan. She asked me to ask you for an autograph, if possible.’
Jeanie picked up the pen. ‘Do you want me to sign the box?’
‘If you wouldn’t mind, to Maria from Jeanie Colbert, if that’s okay?’
Jeanie smiled and obliged with a flourish.
Michael picked up the CD and looked at it. ‘She’s gonna be thrilled!’
‘My pleasure,’ Jeanie said.
Michael then produced a cassette tape from his pocket. ‘I don’t want to take liberties, but she’s written some songs which she would love you to hear. But hey, if they’re no good not a problem, just be straight with her.’
Jeanie sighed inwardly. The last thing she wanted to do was get involved with a gangster’s family. ‘Okay,’ she said with a forced smile. ‘I’d be glad to listen to them.’
‘It would mean a lot to her,’ he said. ‘She’s a Goth but she works in a hairdressers. She wants to start her own band.’
Jeanie nodded. ‘Oh, okay.’
Michael took a sip of his milk and bent his head forward. ‘Thanks again. This means a lot. Now the other thing, about Cohn. Rod told me his stores were blacklisting your CDs, sending them back to you. Rod also told me what he did to you, and we are not happy about that either.’
‘I’m glad someone isn’t,’ Jeanie said wryly.
Michael studied her. ‘You mean you’re not getting much sympathy?’
‘Not from my official boyfriend,’ she replied and then regretted saying that.
Michael nodded. ‘I understand. But regarding Cohn, if you wish, I will have a little chat with him and point out the error his ways. I’m sure he will see sense.’
Jeanie was doubtful. ‘He seems pretty determined to cause trouble.’
Michael Ranada smiled confidently. ‘Hmm, but basically we will scare the living hell out him and he will definitely back down.’
‘You wouldn’t hurt him would you?’
Michael laughed. ‘No, we wouldn’t hurt him, but he will be left with no doubt that if he messed with you again he would have to deal with me.’
‘But he could go to the police, couldn’t he?’
‘Sure, but then he knows that they wouldn’t offer him much in way of protection,’ Michael said. ‘And we know that he has bodyguards, but they are too soft. Basically, we would pick him up any time we wanted, have a quick word and that would be that.’
Jeanie knitted her brows. ‘Could I think about it?’
‘Sure, no problem, I will give you my card,’ he said producing a small neat business card which had the words Elgardo Exports on it with Michael’s name and contact number.
Jeanie studied it. ‘I’m going to try the legal way first. A friend is going to speak to a lawyer for me to try and solve the situation. See, Cohn is threatening me with legal action for speaking out’.
Michael nodded. ‘Is he now? Well if that fails then give me a call. I don’t like the fact that Cohn is interrupting your income stream. If affects you, it affects Rod and frankly it indirectly affects me.’
‘It’s nice of you to have taken an interest in my problems, Michael,’ she said. ‘And if I can help your niece achieve her dream, I will. Even if she needs a little bit more practice,’
Surprisingly, tears came to the gangster’s eyes which he quickly wiped away. ‘Forgive me, but my niece Maria recently lost her mother, and this would mean so very, very much.’
Impulsively Jeanie took his hand and squeezed it. ‘It will be a pleasure and an honour.’
He stared into her eyes. ‘Thank you, I am forever in your debt!’
She smiled. It was weird, but she found herself feeling an instant attraction for him. He had a fearsome reputation but perhaps he needed a good woman to help him find himself, she thought. Jeanie blinked, shocked at her own thoughts. But surely he already had a wife or girlfriend?
*   *   *

Jeanie just couldn’t remember where the next gig was being held and had to phone Clive who reminded her that it would be in Pasadena. The Lakeside Theater happened to be a huge venue and seats for the show had been sold out. However, since Rod’s shooting had made several of the local news channels, Clive said he was being besieged by emails and requests from as far afield as Alaska.
But he sounded disappointed. ‘Trouble is I haven’t had a single reply to any of my enquiries regarding getting a booking on Broadway. It seems the booking agents over there can’t be bothered to answer.’
Jeanie who was  planning to go and see Rod in hospital sighed. ‘To be honest Clive, the Rodney Cornwall Experience isn’t exactly a proper show, is it? It’s not like the King and I or Annie. There’s no dialogue, just a few jokes from Rod, music and a bit of dancing.’
‘I know,’ Clive said. ‘But surely we could get a booking off Broadway somewhere? There’s Broadway, where all the big theaters are and then the side streets. A bit exposure on the New York side streets would be good!’
‘Keep trying,’ Jeanie said.
‘I will. Oh, and another thing,’ Clive said. ‘Tom Haggerty at the warehouse called me this morning and said they’ve had to take back twelve pallets of CDs from Mayers, and they had to be stored outside. He’s trying to shift things around to make some extra room for them.’
‘Really?’ Jeanie said. ‘What did you tell him?’
‘Well, I said as long as they’re under a covering of some sort and in a secure area they should be fine. But he’s wondering what the hell is going on.’
‘When were those sent out to the stores originally?’
‘Ten days ago approximately,’ Clive said. ‘It seems every single Mayers outlet has sent us a bunch of returns. Rod has explained the situation to me.’
Jeanie frowned. ‘So did Rod tell you what Cohn did?’
‘Yes,’ Clive said after a pause. ‘So I now understand why you might need a lawyer. As I said, my niece Nora might be able to assist you.’
‘She’s the abuse cases lawyer, yeah, I remember. Okay we’ll keep that in mind. Look, I’m going to the hospital to see Rod now. Just keep me updated.’
‘I will,’ Clive said. ‘Also, in case you didn’t know, the cops are booking Dean Thomas with attempted murder. It’s all over the news.’
‘Okay, thanks,’ Jeanie said and hung up. The fact was that she simply hadn’t had time to watch any tv but made a point to try and follow the story as it was developing. She then went through her ‘see you later’ routine with Micky who knew the signs well. His mistress was leaving again, and he would just have to wait for her return. But the dog wouldn’t be completely on its own as Lilly would be coming in soon to do the hoovering and cleaning.
Jeanie then left the apartment and made a dash for the hospital hoping to avoid the rush hour traffic coming back.
*   *   *
When she arrived at the hospital she was informed that Rod had been transferred to intensive care due to a blocked artery. Alarmed at this new development, Jeanie found Rod on the top floor of the hospital sitting up and joking with the nurses. He was surrounded by bouquets of flowers and cards. In fact, he was looking even brighter and perkier than before despite the catheter and lines which were coming out of him.
‘Hey Jeanie, I’m over here under this bunch of roses!’ he called jovially when Jeanie burst into the room. 
‘My you’re the popular one!’ She said bending down at the bedside and giving him a kiss on  the cheek. She then realised that she hadn’t brought him anything.
‘Amazing what a little bit of publicity will do,’ he said.
Jeanie grabbed a hospital chair and sat down next to him. ‘How you feeling? What’s all this I hear about a blocked artery?’
‘They’re just trying to bump up the doctor’s bill!’ he said taking her hand. ‘God, it’s so damned noisy in this place. You’re supposed to be able to rest but you can’t because people are looking in on you all the time!’
‘You can’t complain really,’ she said.
‘Can’t I?’ he replied. ‘Look, I just want to go home, but the doctor says I won’t be able to for a while! According to him a blocked artery can cause a heart attack! Apparently, it’s my carotid artery that’s the problem.’
‘Best to stay where you are then,’ Jeanie replied with a frown.
He nodded glumly. ‘I’ve been writing a song, he said.
‘That’s good, what’s it called?’
‘Jasmine is a bitch!’ He then laughed loudly at his own joke. ‘I haven’t seen her since the day before yesterday. Frankly, I can’t wait to divorce her and cancel her contract. We’ll just have to find an excuse.’
Jeanie stared at him and then brought him up to date with all the news. He told her that she’d had a meeting with Michael Ranada which he found amazing.
‘Jesus, that was brave of you!’ Rod exclaimed. ‘Although, no need to worry, he seems to respect women.’
Jeanie smiled. ‘He thanked me for the fifty grand and is offering to help us with the Cohn situation.’ She then told him about all the returns from Mayers.
Rod’s face was serious. ‘That Cohn really is a sonofabitch, isn’t he?’
‘It’s going to seriously hurt our bottom line if it carries on like this,’ she said. ‘What I dread is if other retailers follow suit. But why should they?’
‘They might because they’re all pals with Cohn. He leads and they usually follow!’
Jeanie shook her head and sat back in her chair. ‘That’s just too much power in the hands of one man.’
‘I agree,’ Rod replied thoughtfully. He then leaned forward, grabbed Jeanie’s arm and whispered something into her ear. 
Jeanie pulled her head back and laughed. ‘Are you joking? We can’t do that here, someone might walk in!’
‘I thought you’d say that!’ he replied with a smirk.
‘Anyway,’ Jeanie said. ‘Nosmo King told me he’s going to speak to his lawyers about Cohn.’
Rod’s eyes widened. ‘So King got back to you, that’s great!’
‘Yeah, only he won’t be launching the tv specials until early next year,’ she said.
Rod’s face fell again. ‘Well at least he contacted you.’
‘He did,’ she said. ‘But you wouldn’t believe why he did.’
Rod looked up. ‘Why?’
But Jeanie wasn’t in the mood to go into it all. ‘I’ll tell you another time, although it’s freaky. The point is we now have a friend for life. With King’s syndicate behind us we can’t go wrong.’
Rod nodded clearly intrigued by what she had said but not looking fully convinced. ‘The problem with a delay like that is that is can often result in a complete cancellation.’
‘True, but I don’t think in the case,’ Jeanie replied patting him on the hand.
Rod scratched his chin. ‘If you say so.’
‘One thing I do know,’ she said. ‘I can’t see you doing the next gig in Pasadena.’
‘No,’ he replied. ‘It’s been on my mind. But surely you can get by without me.’
‘Only just.’
‘Oh, and did you hear about Jabby Hepps,’ Rod said suddenly.
‘Jabby Hepps?’ Jeanie queried.
‘He had a hit with Romcom Honey.’
‘Oh yeah, that’s that transgender guy with the great voice,’ Jeanie said remembering the singer from a few years back.
‘Well, Lamar knows him and apparently he’s all over the news at the moment,’ Rod said. ‘He was defrauded out of two million dollars by those two con artists, Lynne and Fred Edwards who are on the run.’
Jeanie pulled a face. ‘Never heard of them. I don’t watch the news.’
‘Well I do,’ Rod said pointing at the tv perched on a stand high in the corner of the room. ‘It’s the only thing to do around here.’
‘I still haven’t even seen anything about Dean Thomas,’ she said.
‘Oh, that’s all old news now!’ Rod said with a laugh.
Jeanie grinned and then told him about the returns at the warehouse.
‘Clive told me all about them,’ Rod replied.
‘What shall we do?’
Rod’s face was grim. ‘I think you’d better go down there and speak to Haggerty in person to keep him sweet. I mean, they’re only a fulfillment company and they don’t need this hassle.’
‘I agree,’ Jeanie said. ‘I was thinking if we got hold of the Regis Theater we could do our own fulfillments from there.’
‘We’d need to hire some extra hands if we did that,’ Rod said.
Jeanie drummed her fingers on the bed. ‘Who said the music business was a walk in the park?’
‘Well, I didn’t.’
They continued chatting in this vein for a while and Jeanie felt that she was falling back in love with him again. Rod was at his sweetest when he was vulnerable. But as soon as he was well, he would no doubt return to his old tyrannical ways. What she was sure of in her mind was that any prospect of a future with Mark was a non-starter. He was a man who stood revealed. Basically he was a jerk.
*   *   *
Jeanie decided to take Rod’s advice and go and pop into the warehouse to speak to the manager and owner, Tom Haggerty. Haggerty was an electrical engineer who had started his own fulfillment company several years ago. He shipped merchandise for the hundred and one little record companies who used his services. The record companies would produce their music and the fulfillment house would burn the masters onto CD and copy promotional videos onto DVD. These would then be sent out to fulfill any orders. But it all came at a price.
For everything to work nicely there had to be orders or advanced orders to fulfill in the first place. Revenue for everyone in the chain came from the backend of the process, the sales in the store. But if the stores weren’t going to accept the merchandise or return it, then it would create chaos at the fulfillment end.
When Jeanie arrived in her capacity as a label boss, Haggerty was in his office. ‘Jeanie! Hi! Come in have some coffee.’ He was  large bluff man with a typical electrical engineers’ temperament of being a stickler for detail.
He put down the phone. ‘God, what are these people like? I was just on the phone to Redeels, the supermarket chain and they’ve informed me there’ll be some more returns to add to the others we’ve received today. Everything was fine before. But it’s not only Mayers now its Redeels too.’
Jeanie frowned. ‘Returns of our stuff?’
‘Everything I’m afraid,’ he said with a sigh. ‘It seems that Mayers has been spreading rumours about the quality of your stuff. So it doesn’t just affect you, it’s affecting my reputation as well. I just hope other retail outlets don’t follow suit.’
‘What’s supposed to be wrong with the quality?’
‘They’re claiming that there are codec issues,’ Haggerty said. ‘They say the CDs can’t be read.’
‘That’s pure rubbish isn’t it?’
‘Damn right it is,’ Haggerty replied as he got up and made Jeanie some coffee.
Jeanie accepted the hot cup and took a sip. ‘How do we get around a thing like this?’
‘Maybe we can get some additional certification,’ Haggerty replied. ‘I’ve never had this problem before.’
‘Look, My Haggerty I’ve got a team of lawyers working on this don’t worry,’ Jeanie said exaggerating slightly.
‘I hope this can be resolved soon,’ Haggerty said going to the window. ‘I’ve had to put all your returns under a tarpaulin. There are several pallets out there.’
‘Okay,’ Jeanie said staring down at her drink. ‘We’ll make this an absolute priority.’
‘Thank you,’ Haggerty replied. ‘I mean you’ve been a good customer and so I’d hate to lose you!’
*   *   *
Leaving the warehouse, Jeanie drove around in circles suddenly feeling the pressure which had only been somewhat abstract before. The sight of that pile of cellophaned CDs in Haggerty’s yard marked for return sent the blood coursing through her head. It seemed as if they hadn’t even been looked at. If Cohn was standing in front of her now she would sock him right in the jaw.
She had a good mind to drive up to his mansion and have it out with him. If these tactics were supposed to discourage her from going to the police they were having the opposite effect. The pig!
She tried ringing Mark, but he wouldn’t pick up. This told her that he was just a self-serving coward. She left him a voicemail where she ranted on for about five minutes. She made it clear that he and she were through. Then she remembered that she still had his cheque for forty-thousand in her kitchen draw and wondered if it was still cashable.
For want of something better to do she decided to go up to Nosmo and Corrine’s condo to see whether they’d spoken to their lawyers yet. The situation was getting serious. If the stores were returning their CDs and DVDs then they’d be no sales and no revenue to pay the bills and the staff.
Deep in thought, Jeanie just narrowly missed hitting a speeding truck which was trying to overtake her car. It angrily sounded it’s horn, and so she pulled over to the side of the road, turned off the engine and took some deep breaths. She was going to get herself killed if she didn’t calm down. After a few minutes she went back onto the road again and drove as fast as she dared to Nosmo’s condo.
*   *   *
When she arrived at Nosmo King’s impressive condominium there wasn’t anywhere to park and so she parked on a grassy verge and hoped she wouldn’t get a ticket. She walked over to the heavy glass entrance doors, pushed them open and went into the vestibule to the security desk.
The smiling faced uniformed black man on the desk hadn’t been there the last time she had visited with Nosmo. ‘May I help, Miss?’
Jeanie smiled sweetly. ‘Would you mind giving Mr Nosmo King or Corrine King a buzz to tell him that Jeannie Colbert is here to see him. He’s in apartment 146.’
The security man smiled back. ‘Okay.’ Then he frowned as he consulted his computer screen. ‘Did you say apartment 146?’
‘Yes that’s right, Nosmo and Corrine King.’
The man did a thorough check of his database of tenants. ‘Could you give me those names again?’
‘Nosmo and Corrine King,’ Jeanie said slowly. ‘I was here last week.’
The security man checked one more time. ‘Those names are not listed in our building, sorry.’
Jeanie pulled a face. ‘Who is listed at that apartment?’
‘I’m not allowed to tell you I’m afraid,’ the man said.
‘Oh,’ Jeanie was puzzled. 
‘But as it’s now an empty apartment anyway, I suppose there won’t be any harm in telling you,’ the man said kindly. ‘Frederick and Lynette Edwards.’
Jeanie looked at him shocked. ‘Are you sure?’
‘Yeah, for some reason they only let the apartment for three months,’ the man said with a shrug.
Jeanie stared down at her shoes. She had heard the names Fred and Lynne recently. Then it came to her. It was today, when Rod was talking about those two con artists who had defrauded the singer Jabby Hepps out of all that money. ‘Is it possible for me to see the apartment, because I find this incredible,’ she said.
The security man pursed his lips. ‘It’s empty.’
‘But I was here not so long ago and the tenants there were my friends,’ Jeanie said. ‘I need to see it with my own eyes.’
After a second’s thought, the security man reached behind him and took some keys off a hook. ‘I guess you look trustworthy. You can go up and look if you want, but I’ll need you to be back down here in twenty minutes. And don’t touch anything if you don’t mind!’
Jeanie took the keys. ‘Thank you so much. I just need to see this for myself.’
Chapter Twelve
When she went up to apartment 146 and opened the door, she found a pile of mail on the floor. Picking up one piece she saw that it was addressed to Corrine King. She also noted mail with other names on them. She threw them down and wandered around.
It did appear as if the occupants had left in a hurry. There was rubbish strewn around and papers and documents everywhere. On the kitchen worktop there were some real estate brochures and opened letters from various banks. From what she could see, Nosmo and Corrine, or rather Fred and Lynne had been trying to get loans out in different names.
She then noticed a black folder sticking out of the kitchen bin. She reached down, fished it out and opened it up on the worktop. To her amazement there was a notebook with a long list of names inside that someone had compiled in long hand of people in the music profession. There were names she recognised. There was also an assessment of each person’s value to the right of the name. She was shocked to see Rodney Cornwall’s name in the middle of the list with an estimated worth of six million dollars.
Jeanie frowned. This had to be wrong unless they were talking about his house. Then trembling a little she searched the list and on the next page found her own name. Her value was given as just under a two million and there was additional personal information, her age, address, place of work etc. To see her particulars displayed like this was a shock. It made her feel like a lamb waiting to be slaughtered
They also had her personal bank account number with one wrong digit, and it had been crossed out in biro. A three had accidently been turned into an eight. She stared at this for several seconds unable to take it in. Then in a panic she quickly took out her phone and accessed her online bank account to see if anything had been taken. Luckily, nothing sizeable had been withdrawn from the account apart from the money she had lent to Rod. She would have to get onto the bank manager straight away.
Continuing her search in the folder, she came across a little brown envelope with newspaper cuttings in it from decades ago about her and the crash that had killed her parents. She was stunned and wanted to throw up. She stared at the black and white photo of her parent’s car which looked horribly mangled and tears came to her eyes. How could people be so cruel, she wondered? 
She wiped her eyes and wondered why Diego, the psychic, hadn’t warned her properly. He had been half right but had mislead her regarding Nosmo. Or had she just misunderstood? She really had to have a word with Lilly.
She put the newspaper cuttings in her handbag and continued to wander around the condo. The bedroom was the messiest and looking through the bedside drawers she found a bible and a postcard sticking out. It was from a lady friend in Florida. There was even a Tampa phone number. Jeanie instinctively took it and put it in her handbag.
She turned to leave and went into the empty lounge and stood for a moment in the middle of the floor looking out at the magnificent view of  LA. She sighed deeply. So the whole thing had been a set-up for a cynical confidence trick. How could she have been so gullible? They had done their research, impersonated Nosmo and Corrine King and had then tracked her down.
Luckily, no money had been taken from her account. But how they had almost obtained her bank details was beyond her. Clearly it wasn’t from an online transaction. She could only think that they were preparing her for a really big sting. It would probably be along the lines of wanting to deposit some money with her and then emptying her account. 
With her mind going every which way, she left the apartment and returned the keys to the reception desk. ‘Thank you.’
‘Okay then?’ the man asked.
‘I think so!’ she replied and left the building in a daze.
*   *   *
She was tempted to go back to the hospital to tell Rod, instead she phoned him from the car. ‘Rod? Guess what? Lynne and Fred Edwards were pretending to be Nosmo King and his wife.’
‘What?’ Rod answered sounding groggy. ‘What are you talking about?’
‘They were trying to con me!’ she said. ‘I was their target! I don’t think the real Nosmo King even knows we exist.’ She then told Rod about her little adventure up at the con artist’s condo.
Rod was silent and then he said. ‘Jesus.’
She explained how Fred Edwards had pretend to be the man who had crashed into her parent’s car all those years ago.
‘The sonofagun even cried and boy did I fall for it,’ she said. ‘I guess I was desperate to believe. They said they wanted to be my replacement parents.’
‘God,’ Rod said. ‘It’s like you can’t trust anybody nowadays.’
‘Luckily, they haven’t taken anything from my account,’ she said. ‘They didn’t have the correct account number apparently. Thank God!’
‘Thank heavens,’ Rod said. ‘See, the way these people think is that they say to themselves that the bank will reimburse the victims. It helps salve what little conscience they have. But guess what, the bank only does that in a third of cases. But it’s the banks’ fault for leaving their customers wide open to this kind of fraud.’
‘Yeah, so I’d better phone my bank manager, pronto,’ she said with a sigh.
‘Okay,’ Rod said. ‘I’ll ask Clive to try and contact the real Nosmo King to let him know what happened.’
‘Right,’ Jeanie said. ‘But what I don’t understand is that Gail said she knew Nosmo well, and that he had told her he was the man who crashed into my parent’s car! Also, he came to the first show of our tour, didn’t he?’
‘Yeah, but he didn’t come to our party afterwards though, did he?’ Rod said. ‘We never got to meet him personally, or even see him. I thought that was strange.’
Jeanie was thoughtful. ‘Maybe Fred Edwards, impersonating Nosmo King, had phoned Gail and had then told her all that baloney about my parent’s car crash. Maybe they didn’t actually meet face to face on that occasion. He must be a good mimic!’
‘Which was how she was taken in?’ Rod suggested.
‘Sounds like it. Oh, and before I forget, when I was in their condo I saw you’re name on a list. Apparently you’re worth six million dollars!’
Rod sounded stunned and then he laughed. ‘It would be great if that were true. These guys really need to do their due diligence if they’re going to try and con me!’
*   *   *
When Jeanie got back to her apartment she phoned her bank manager straight away and they set up a temporary account for her. Her original account was closed immediately. But it meant that all bank orders had to be transferred to the new account which would take 48 hours. However, she didn’t care. At least her money was safe again. 
Sitting on the sofa with the dog on her lap, Jeanie let out a long, long sigh. She knew that she would have to inform the police that she had gone up to Fred and Lynne’s condo. If she didn’t they might assume she was in league with them. She also needed to contact Gail and her aunt Lucy to update them on what had happened.  Rod said either he or Clive would get onto the real Nosmo King to inform him that he was being impersonated, so she would leave that to them.
However, coming down back to earth, her mind again returned to Cohn. She needed to come up with some answers fast. Rod had seemingly left her to deal with the situation which was a bit weak of him. Then again he was a distracted man.
But it was vital to protect her label’s reputation from the damage Cohn was intent on inflicting. The idea that their merchandise was somehow inferior could ‘go viral’ and other retail outlets were likely to react adversely. What they didn’t need was anything mentioned in the press, but that would surely be counterproductive for Cohn too. 
Annoyingly, Jeanie had pinned her hopes on Nosmo King coming up with some advice from his legal team. Now she was back to square one although Clive did say his niece was a lawyer. Nora was her name, as Jeanie managed to recall. 
She decided, before making any other phone calls that she would call Clive and get Nora’s contact number. Of course lawyers were a dime a dozen, but they had a reputation of being overpriced and ineffective in a lot of cases. However, Clive had actually recommended his niece and so she might be quite good. 
When she got hold of Clive, who was in a diner, he said, ‘We’ve more bad news I’m afraid. John Gogh, assistant manager at Hatchfords said he heard a rumour from another retailer that our new batches of stock are problematical.’
‘You’re kidding me!’ Jeanie replied in dismay.
‘No, and when I asked him where he heard the rumour from, he said someone at Sugardune Records told him we had codec issues.’
‘Codec issues? They haven’t sent us any returns have they?’
‘Not yet,’ Clive said with a heavy sigh. ‘Neither have Hatchfords. So we need to catch this in the bud.’
Jeanie thanked him and got hold of his niece Nora’s number and phoned it straight away. Nora herself answered. ‘Dillman Caine Attorneys at Law,’ she said brightly.
‘Is this Nora Dillman?’ Jeanie asked.
‘Yes it is,’ Nora replied. ‘Who’s calling?’
Jeanie then told her briefly what her problem was not leaving anything to the imagination. She described the rape and then the subsequent fallout and how it was affecting her business. She also told her about the Nosmo King con. The attorney listened with fascination. 
‘Is it possible for you to come into my office?’ the attorney said after a long pause.
‘Anytime that suits you?’ Jeanie replied.
‘This afternoon?’
‘Fine,’ and Jeanie rushed into the bedroom to put on some fresh clothing.
*   *   *
The attorney had a tiny office above a coffee shop in town and she ordered some up for Jeanie. Jeanie was immediately doubtful that the lawyer could help her, but she was there now.
They spoke for about fifteen minutes and then the attorney said, ‘So in a nutshell, this bigshot Radcliffe Cohn who owns the Mayers shopping empire raped you at a party at his house. Then he tries to silence you with threats and by interfering with your company inventory, putting the word around that your product lines are no good?’
‘Basically yes,’ Jeanie said.
‘And then you almost get conned by Fred and Lynne Edwards the con artists who are currently on the run?’ the lawyer said. ‘Do you think there is any connection between the two parties?’
Jeanie was stumped. ‘Do you know, I’m prepared to believe that anything is possible.’
The lawyer nodded. ‘It just seems like a bit of a synchronicity, both events occurring at roughly the same time.’
‘What do you think we can do?’
‘Well, I suggest you inform the police straight away about the attempted confidence trick by the Edwards,’ the lawyer said. ‘But regarding the Cohn matter, it’s a case of your word against his. However, we could launch a so-called Class Action against him if you can get some more witnesses.’
‘More witnesses?’ Jeanie repeated thoughtfully.
‘Other woman who he raped or came close to raping,’ the lawyer said. ‘Then the police and the courts and the juries will have to take your allegations seriously.’
‘Where would I find them?’ Jeanie said wondering out loud.
‘You could dig around the internet to see if there are any press mentions going back a few years,’ the lawyer said. ‘Events happen, get reported, end up on the internet, stop trending and then get buried. But they’re still there to be dug up.’
‘Okay, suppose I find some other witnesses, what then?’
The attorney sat back in her chair. ‘Then if you’re prepared to wait two to five years even longer then maybe you’ll see justice.’
‘Why does it take so long?’
‘Because of the backlog of cases in the courts,’ the lawyer said. ‘And the fact that Cohn’s lawyers will do everything they can to delay the matter and will go all out to discredit witnesses. And all during that time there will be a horrendous legal bill slowly building up, which is why a Class Action is the way to go. See the costs are divided between all the parties involved. So if you can find six witnesses prepared to testify then it will be cheaper all around.’
‘And in the meantime Cohn will be able to totally destroy my company’s credibility!’
‘There is that,’ the lawyer said. ‘However, we do offer a no win no fee deal, whereby we’ll take forty percent of any compensation you get. If you lose we all lose but you won’t have a legal bill to pay at the end.’
‘Right,’ Jeanie replied. ‘But personally, I’m not after any compensation. I just want the guy to back off.’
 ‘I understand,’ the lawyer said. ‘We could adopt a different tactic, forget the rape and just go after him for defaming the reputation of your company. But then we would have to prove it. We would have to get hold of documents or memos or texts or emails or videos or audio files proving that he’s behind it.’
Jeanie suddenly laughed. ‘Sounds like an uphill climb.’
‘It is,’ the lawyer said. ‘And very often the cases don’t make it to the courts.’
Jeanie checked her watch. ‘Okay Nora, well thanks for the advice,’ she said. ‘You can bill me at Coolabah Records Inc.’
The lawyer smiled. ‘No worries, this is a free consultation. About the only thing there is free in this crazy world!’
When Jeanie left the attorney’s office, she knew what she would have to do. She would have to take matters into her own hands, forget the leaden footed processes of the law and go under the radar.  She decided she would make contact with Michael Ranada and take him up on his offer of help regarding Radcliffe Cohn. It was either that or watch her corporate baby go up in smoke. It had taken her and Rod years to get Coolabah to where it was now. She wasn’t about to let some slimy-assed pig like Cohn take it down, she thought.
As the Pasadena gig was coming up, she decided to pay Rod a visit in hospital the next morning to discuss the overall situation with him. But getting Michael Ranada involved with their problems could have unforeseen consequences as well she knew.
*   *   *
Awakening from a restless sleep, she found two text messages from Mark asking if she was alright and to please contact him. Her view of Mark had cooled significantly, and she didn’t consider him really worth knowing anymore. He had shown his hand and he had been found wanting. She could only think that Cohn was still pulling the strings and Mark was obediently going along with him.
Jeanie didn’t reply to the texts straight away: she got washed, dressed, and had breakfast before ringing him. ‘Mark?’
‘Ah, Jeanie how are you, it’s been a few days…’
‘I did try ringing you the other day,’ she said as she sat down on the sofa, put the tv on and flicked through the channels. She was hoping to catch something about Dean Thomas.
‘Sorry about that, I was in a meeting,’ he replied telling an obvious untruth.
‘Okay so, how’s your friend Mr Cohn?’ she asked.
‘Him!’ Mark replied disdainfully. ‘The guys toxic. He’s turned on me and is spreading the word that my bling line is shit!’
‘Oh really?’ Jeanie said a little delighted to hear it. ‘So he’s starting to pick on you now is he? So what about all that talk about getting your stuff on Fifth Avenue?’
‘It’s not going to happen,’ he said. ‘I’ve messed up.’
‘You sure as hell did!’ she said sourly.
‘Jeanie, look, I’m really so sorry,’ he said. ‘I had no idea what sort of a character he was.’
‘Well, we live in learn,’ she answered. ‘I just want to know one hundred percent for sure whether you were in on it from the beginning? I want the truth.’
‘In on what?’ he queried. ‘You mean what he did to you?’
‘Yeah, did you or did you not lead Cohn to believe that I was available to him? Tell me honestly.’
‘Look, I already told you, no!’ Mark replied. ‘No!’
‘Do you swear to that? On your mother’s life?’
‘Come on Jeanie, no one swears on their mother’s life!’
Just as he said that, Jeanie caught an image on the tv of two people resembling confidence tricksters Fred and Lynne Edwards walking through an airport terminal. She quickly turned the volume up. ‘I’ll phone you back,’ she said and hung up.
It was a news channel, and the newscaster was saying, ‘In a further development in the Jabby Hepps fraud case, conman Frederick Edwards and his associate Lynette Edwards, who are currently on the run, were spotted boarding a plane at Los Angeles International Airport late last night. According to airport officials they were bound for Cape Town, South Africa and arrived before the call for their arrest could be made. To the best of our knowledge they were not apprehended by South African Authorities and are currently at large in Cape Town…’
There was then a replay of airport CCTV footage which clearly showed the couple pushing a large quantity of luggage on a trolley into the baggage area. Jeanie stared at the tv for several more seconds and then switched it off. She then remembered that she had a postcard she had found at the condo and thought she’s give it to the police if they interviewed her.
Looking at the time line, it appeared that when the Edward’s were trying to con her they were already technically on the run. So perhaps they thought they’d go out with a big sting to set them up somewhere while the police looked for them. She shook her head. It was all too much.
She decided not to bother phoning Mark back. Her mind was now completely made up where he was concerned. She was sure that he had been lying to her all along. Of course Mark had been in on the Cohn rape from the beginning. He had gambled with her honour and badly failed her in the most cynical of deceptions. In her eyes Mark was almost as criminal as Radcliffe Cohn. But just as she had these thoughts she was reminded of the cheque Mark had given her for forty-thousand. She wondered whether it was still cashable.
She went to the kitchen drawer and took it out thoughtfully. Then quickly texted him. ‘Mark, I’ll call you later, but I’ve just found the cheque you gave me, what shall I do with it?’
She had to wait for a full ten minutes before he texted her back. ‘You can tear it up, I cancelled it last week!’
Jeanie took a deep breath. Okay, she thought, then I’m going to cancel you Mark once and for all.
*   *   *
Sitting in his hospital bed, Rod looked down at the bunch of grapes, spring water and bulky ham sandwich that Jeanie had brought up for him. ‘I can’t eat those, they don’t mix with the medications!’ he said referring to the grapes.
Jeanie, in a chair next to his bed looked into his eyes. He was clearly pilled up on intravenous painkillers. He didn’t look well at all.
‘If you can’t eat the grapes I’ll take them home with me,’ she said.
He nodded and sat back on his pillow. ‘Fine, so how are things going? What’s happening down at the warehouse?’
‘It’s not good, we need to do something quickly,’ she replied. She then told him about her little trip to see the lawyer and explained that to go to law would result in endless delays and no certain outcome. It seemed that the only way to deal with Cohn was underhandedly.
‘Michael Ranada was certain he could get Cohn to fall into line,’ she said.
Rod rubbed his chin doubtfully. ‘I have no doubt that he could, but at what cost to us? Did he bring up money?’
‘He didn’t ask for any money but in fact thanked me for supplying that fifty grand, as I told you.’
‘Hmm, even so, it’s like we’re between a rock and hard place!’ Rod said.
‘Oh, I hate that expression,’ she replied plucking a grape and putting it into her mouth.
‘So what did Ranada have in mind?’ Rod asked staring at her.
Jeanie shrugged. ‘He said he would pick Cohn up and have a little chat with him. Ranada also wants to supply us with some temporary security. Didn’t I mention it?’
‘Security?’
‘To protect you, but you won’t be with us in Pasadena, will you?’ Jeanie said.
‘No, but I was talking to Clive and he said he’s going to set up a Zoom link from my bed to the theater,’ Rod told her with a smile. ‘Obviously, I won’t be singing, or maybe, I don’t know.’
‘Might work,’ Jeanie replied. ‘So shall I contact Michael Ranada and ask him to help us with the Cohn thing? Or maybe you should, as you’re his friend.’
‘Friend isn’t exactly the word I would use,’ Rod replied. ‘But he seems to like you. No you do it.’
Jeanie nodded uncertainly. ‘Then I’d better listen to his niece’s demo tape that he gave me. She’s another singer-songwriter wannabe. He wants me to take his niece, Maria, under my wing.’
Rod looked aghast. ‘You’re kidding me?’
‘No, I thought I told you.’
Rod shook his head. ‘No! Actually on second thoughts, if you do him this favour it could save our bacon. But I don’t want us to sign her up to our label, no matter how good she is.’
Jeanie looked up as a nurse came into the room. ‘Maybe we’ll have to as the price we gotta to pay for Ranada’s help.’
*   *   *
The Lakeside Theater in Pasadena had been built in the late nineteen seventies and still looked new. As nice as it was, it made Jeanie reconsider whether she really wanted to take on the Regis Theater in Burbank. She and Rod hadn’t discussed it for a while, but under the present circumstances it did seem like a bit of a commitment.
Their evening show was scheduled for eight o’clock and Jeanie arrived well before time. She was anxious to catch up with Jasmine and Lamar whom she hadn’t spoken to for a while. As it happened Jeanie and Jasmine had to share a dressing room with the dancers which wasn’t ideal. Jeanie took Jasmine out into the corridor which led backstage and they lit up some cigarettes.
‘So how’s married life?’ Jeanie ventured to ask.
‘Wonderful, great,’ Jasmine said glumly.
‘Been to see Rod at the hospital?’
‘Of course.’
‘How’s your manager, Dean?’
Jasmine clasped her hands together and sighed. ‘Not good. He’s been charged with attempted murder but he’s going to plead diminished responsibility.’
‘You got a good lawyer?’
‘Dean has, yes,’ Jasmine replied. ‘And he was on anti-depressants when he… you know, shot Rod. The cops took a blood test, so it’s all there in black and white.’
Jeanie patted Jasmine’s arm. ‘I guess when you married Rod it was a shock for him, for Dean I mean.’
‘It shouldn’t have been,’ Jasmine replied looking into Jeanie’s eyes. ‘I mean, Dean knew it was going to happen and that it was just a publicity stunt and that there would be a little bit of money in it.’
Jeanie dragged on her cigarette. ‘The antidepressants must have confused him.’
Jasmine looked up at her. ‘Yeah, because when I saw him after the incident down at the precinct he was so sorry. He couldn’t stop apologising.’
‘If he shows that remorse in court, it will help with his plea,’ Jeanie said.
Jasmine drew on her cigarette. ‘Hmm, but he’s still looking at five to ten years in custody. I wished I never agreed to the stupid marriage. I don’t know what I was thinking.’
‘It’s just Rod, he comes up with these crazy ideas.’
‘Well, I spoke to Dean’s lawyer and he thinks I can sue Rod for false representation.’
‘What? False representation?’ Jeanie was shocked. It was one bad thing after the other.
‘Yeah, Rod was literally promising me the moon,’ Jasmine said. ‘He seemed so desperate to promote this album, by any means, according to my lawyer.’
Jeanie checked here wristwatch. ‘Okay, well I hope this doesn’t mean we’re all going to fall out.’
‘That’s another thing,’ Jasmine  said. ‘I feel that this has ruined everything. So I’ve decided that I  would like to be let out of my contract if possible. No disrespect.’
Jeanie nodded. She had a sense that this was coming. ‘That’s something you need to discuss with Rod, that’s he’s department, but I have no objection.  Although it would be a shame. We’re quite a good team aren’t we?’
‘We are, aren’t we,’ Jasmine said her eyes misting over. She began to cry. 
Jeanie hugged her. ‘We can still be friends.’
Jasmine wiped her eyes. ‘I don’t think that will be possible because I intend to sue Rod for every penny I can get!’
Jeanie pulled a dubious face. ‘Right.’
‘I guess I better get ready,’ Jasmine said. ‘If those damned dancers will just let me have a mirror!’
Jeanie nodded. ‘I’m just going to check on Lamar.’ She watched Jasmine go back into the dressing room. God, she really was a little money grabber, Jeanie thought.
Jeanie frowned to herself as she walked down the narrow corridor to the men’s dressing room. As she approached it there was the sound of raucous laughter coming out. She paused and changed her mind. Lamar and the band sounded fine. She would speak to Lamar later.
*   *   *
Sure enough Clive had managed to set up a zoom link to the hospital, and Rod’s image from his bedside was projected onto a large screen at the back of the stage. Only his top half was visible, and he had an acoustic guitar on his lap. He was also wearing his stage getup and hat. It actually looked like quite an interesting special effect.
The show got off to a good start with Rod making a brief speech and apologising for being absent and then launching into the first song. There was warm applause, and then Lamar and the band followed his lead. Jeanie didn’t know he was going to do this, but it wasn’t a problem. She and Jasmine, who were now out on stage, simply joined in. The format was loose enough to allow for  this kind of improvisation. 
Jeanie was aware that when Jasmine was performing she had a completely different persona to the one she had in normal life. But then most performers effected a change when the spotlights were on them.  Jasmine was clearly meant for this kind of life whereas Jeanie always experienced a slight hesitancy and was never fully confident about her voice. 
However, now Jeanie had another worry. If Jasmine was planning to sue Rod and leave the label, would that have an impact on future sales of their current and future projects? This might be a good time to start promoting Lamar more.
At the moment he was just stuck as the front man for the band, but he could easily be an attraction in his own right. Women clearly liked him, and he was always having dalliances with the dancers. This could translate into parallel products for the label targeting female fans.
Coolabah Records really need to start building its roster of acts, especially if they were going to purchase a theater. For too long they had depended on Rod’s pull as an artist. And taking Jasmine on board was an experiment which seemed to have failed. But this was mainly due to Rod playing around.
Jeanie decided that if they were going to sign any more female acts, then Rod needed to keep his hands to himself. This was cardinal otherwise it could easily result in unwanted lawsuits and chaos. Everyone needed to be more businesslike.
The show played out as expected and once again the reaction of the crowd proved they had a hit on their hands. As usual there were some encores, and everyone notched up another success to the label. The Zoom link was sheer genius and only proved that they could cope with any eventuality. It also showed that Rod didn’t want to be left out of the action and wasn’t planning to retire anytime soon. Jeanie could easily visualise him becoming one of those old troupers who kept going regardless.
However, after the show there was a strange atmosphere backstage, which Jeanie could feel quite keenly. There was a sense of something unravelling as if the show’s success was emblematic of a new but quite different phase in the life of the label. But perhaps this was just her own projection, she surmised. She also noted that she hadn’t spotted any of Michael Ranada’s men anywhere, despite his promise to provide some extra security. 
Before she left to take the long drive back to her apartment, she caught up with Lamar who had also wanted to speak to her. They were standing outside the theater’s exit door. 
‘Jeanie, you were great tonight and even Rod sounded good from his hospital bed!’
‘And you were ever the professional,’ Jeanie replied patting him on the arm.
‘Thanks, I try.’
‘Listen, you’re a pretty good singer yourself and we haven’t given you much of a chance to show off your talents,’ she said. ‘So how do you feel about making an album of original songs? I was impressed with that demo you gave me.’
‘But I’m mainly a jazz fiend,’ he replied. ‘I don’t mind this country fusion stuff we’re doing but my heart belongs to Fats Domino and guys like that! But I’m talking about bringing that stuff into the twenty-fust century.’
Jeanie nodded. ‘Not a problem. How many songs have you got?’
‘About half an album’s worth,’ Lamar said giving one of the dancers a wink as she passed them at the door.
‘Can you knock out an album?’ Jeanie asked. ‘I know it’s short notice.’
‘Sure,’ Lamar said. ‘But the thing is I’m not sure if there’s a market for it.’
‘Let’s hear your stuff first and then we’ll decide.’
Lamar nodded. ‘Okay, Jeanie.’
‘Oh, and I gather you know Jabby Hepps, the singer who got conned by those scammers,’ she said. ‘It’s in the news…’
‘Yeah, I know,’ Lamar said his face dropping. ‘We were at music college together, although not in the same classes. He’s in a bad way at the moment, they stole everything.’
‘You mean Fred and Lynette Edwards?’
Lamar looked at her. ‘Yeah, you been following the story?’
‘I have,’ she replied. ‘They nearly conned me!’
Lamar looked shocked. ‘No way!’
‘Fraid so!’ she said. ‘Who is Jabby Hepps signed with?’
‘He was with Zubba, but he was dropped last year.’
‘Oh, really? Maybe we’ll sign him.’
Lamar nodded. ‘I think he could use all the help he can get right now.’
‘Get him to ring me,’ Jeanie said. 
‘Will do.’
‘Okay, I’ll see you at the next show then, wherever that is!’
Lamar smiled and walked off towards the dancer who was waiting for him by his car.
Jeanie checked her watch and was shocked at how the last hour had flown. She walked quickly to her car in the theater carpark and caught sight of a man standing next to another vehicle with its door open. It was Michael Ranada.
She was quite surprised and walked over to him. ‘Michael!’
He smiled and removed his cool shades. ‘I told you I would provide extra security, so I came in person. You were really great out there tonight!’
‘Thank you, it’s always good to hear some positive feedback.’
‘I was going to offer you a ride, but I see you have transport.’
‘That’s very thoughtful of you,’ she said.
‘Did you listen to my niece’s tape yet?’
‘I was going to do it tomorrow as I’ve been quite busy,’ she replied feeling guilty that she had left it until now.
‘She’s on tender hooks wondering what you think about it,’ he said. ‘But no pressure.’
‘I promise I’ll let you know tomorrow if I think she’s got a future. I’ve got your card.’
‘I’d appreciate it,’ he said with almost a shy smile. ‘Listen, had any more thoughts about my offer regarding your Mr Cohn? I was talking to Rod and he thinks we should kill the guy!’
Jeanie found his words disturbing. ‘Oh no I wouldn’t want you to do that.’
Michael laughed. ‘No, I wouldn’t do that really, but it’s obvious from what Rod said that he’s causing you a lot of trouble.’
Jeanie nodded. ‘I’m still trying to figure out what to do.’
Michael nodded and got into his car. ‘You only have to say the word and your problem will be solved.’
 She nodded doubtfully. ‘Alright Michael, thanks again and thanks for bothering to come to the show.’
‘I enjoyed every second of it,’ Michael said. ‘And the black guy on the sax is fantastic!’
‘I’ll tell him,’ Jeanie said. ‘That’s Lamar!’
Michael nodded and then drove off with a wave. As Jeanie watched him go, she felt a funny sensation in the pit of her stomach. She had a feeling she would definitely be seeing him again, and not just because of his niece’s tape.
*   *   *
Of all her priorities on her to-do list, Radcliffe Cohn was the biggest one. It appeared that he was doing a very good job at trashing Coolabah’s reputation and it was getting out of hand. Unless the rot was stopped right now, they were going to have serious cashflow problems. All her legal options seemed very unappealing to her. She didn’t want to waste any unnecessary time pursuing something which could so easily get nowhere fast.  
In her mind there were only two practical options left, to either go and see Cohn personally and talk it over with him or requisition Michael Ranada’s assistance. As it happened the route back her apartment was within five miles of Cohn’s residence where she had attended that fateful party. Knowing that Cohn was a night owl, and it wasn’t yet midnight, she decided that she had nothing to lose to confront him in person. 
She’d drive to the mansion and have it out with the man there and then. Of  course there was every chance that she wouldn’t be allowed in or even get to see him. But she needed to try before going to plan B or was it plan F, she wondered?
She drove off the main highway and by satnav found some backroads which, after thirty minutes led her right to Cohn’s glittering mansion. She was interested to see that there was no security, and the main gates were open. Anyone could just walk up the drive, which is what she did. She parked her car outside the grounds of the estate and matched up to the grand pillared front door. Taking two deep breaths she rang the bell.
A serving man came to answer and looked at her in a puzzled way. ‘May I help you?’
‘I’m here to see Mr Radcliff Cohn?’ she said boldly looking passed his shoulder.
‘Do you have an appointment?’ the man said. 
‘No I don’t, but he knows me, I attended a party here, I’m Jeanie Colbert.’
The serving man appeared uncertain. ‘In view of the hour may I suggest you make an appointment through the proper channels. If you like I will inform him you were here, and he will get back to you.’
‘John who’s that?’ a woman’s voice sounded from behind him. A well-dressed middle aged woman came to the door and stared at Jeanie. ‘Oh, it’s you!’ she said recognising her straight away. ‘It’s alright John I’ll deal with this.’
The serving man went away. ‘Yes madam.’
‘Mrs Cohn?’ Jeanie said.
The woman scowled at her. ‘You’ve got some nerve coming to our door at this hour!’
‘Mrs Cohn, could I possibly have word with your husband?’
‘No you can’t! You’ve made him very unwell! Now you need to get the hell off of our property before I call the police department!’
‘Mrs Cohn, there’s been a misunderstanding and I’ve come here to iron it out.’
‘At this time of night?’ The woman scowled. ‘You need to be taught some respect! You need to learn that you can’t just go around making false accusations! My husband is a very upstanding and respectable businessman and your attempt to paint him as some sort of lowdown… criminal is disgusting! You’re going to pay for this, do you hear me!’
Jeanie just stared at the woman realising that nothing she could say would convince her of the truth of the situation. Perhaps Mrs Cohn had been here before and knew what to say to get rid of complainants. 
What was funny was that Jeanie hadn’t even made an official complaint to the police yet. So Cohn must have warned his wife that one was in the pipeline. But he was wrong. For now Cohn’s reputation would be safe because Jeanie knew what she had to do. She was going to turn to Michael Ranada for help and it wouldn’t involve the proper channels. It seemed like the only thing left to do.
Chapter Thirteen
Jeanie hadn’t a clue where their next show was going to be held but knew that Clive would inform her in due course. The venues were getting further and further away, although there were a couple due to play really near where she lived. For the moment she knew she had at least a week before the next gig. 
Work at the office might have been piling up if it wasn’t for Clive and her secretary sifting through it. Clive tended to come in early and leave late. That was because he was a divorcee and had nothing else to do with his time apart from work, drink and play the ponies. 
But it was remiss of Jeanie not to go into the office at least every other day. She knew there were some bill invoices sitting on her desk which were due to be paid. She liked to pay them manually rather than setting up a standing order, as it enabled her to keep track of where the money was going. The monthly rent was also due this week and that would be a hefty amount. This was one argument for ditching their current studio suite and buying the Regis Theater outright. It would be better than paying out rent which was effectively money lost. She really needed to get her act together and make some quick sensible decisions.
However for the moment, she was finding their little theater tour quite tiring, mentally and physically. It was mainly the driving to and from the venues which wearied her, but she didn’t feel like staying at any of the local hotels. The answer of course was to cadge a lift or hire a special driver, but to her this felt like a waste of company money. And it wasn’t as if this was a proper fifty city tour, the shows were sporadic. If they had to do a nationwide tour she would have to get used to living out of a suitcase and bring Micky with her.
Of course, above all, the main thorn in her side was Cohn. He was like some small but evil crustacean eating into her brain and making her feel quite ill and unsettled. In fact, she was starting to feel as if she was going slightly mad with the worry of it. She could understand how some people were driven to kill! She resolved to take some action on this matter straight away. But before she could phone Michael Ranada to ask for his assistance, she needed to keep her promise and first listen to his niece’s demo tape.
The last time she saw it, it was sitting on the kitchen worktop where she had put it, but it had since been moved. Jeanie knew she hadn’t moved it and quickly checked the kitchen drawer, but it wasn’t there. She then realised that her cleaner Lilly must have put it somewhere. Jeanie quickly phoned her and Lilly told her she had definitely put it in the kitchen drawer.
Jeanie thanked her and realised that it was probably buried under some flyers and mail that she had thrown into the drawer to be looked at later. Sure enough she found the tape hidden under a pile of paper and quickly popped it into her old cassette radio in the kitchen. 
The cassette machine may have been outdated technology but it was useful for listening to demo tapes which were sometimes sent into Coolabah’s offices. She would take them home and then listen to them while having her breakfast. Most were poorly produced and she suspected Ranada’s niece’s would be similar.
But she was relieved and pleasantly surprised to hear three well-produced songs where Maria was singing and apparently accompanying herself on a keyboard. The instrument had its own percussion accompaniment and the songs almost sounded as if they had been produced in a studio. The first song was really quite good and all three were indeed in the Goth tradition. On the basis of this first listen, Jeanie felt that she was prepared to give the girl a helping hand. The girl’s voice was in tune, clear, if a little masculine and the lyrics of the songs were thought-provoking.
Jeanie went to get her handbag and fished out Michael Ranada’s business card. Without hesitation she phoned him and went and sat in the lounge with Mickey.
‘Jeanie, how are you?’ Michael asked brightly. ‘Thank you for ringing.’
‘Not bad, Michael,’ she replied. ‘I just wanted to say that I was impressed by your niece’s demo tape and I’d be most happy for her to some into our studio to see what we can do.’
‘Oh really?’ Michael replied sounding delighted with the news. ‘You really mean that?’
‘I do,’ Jeanie said. ‘We get demo tapes sent into us all the time and most are terrible. Your niece’s was a cut above.’
‘Well, I paid for her to go into a studio, didn’t I!’ Michael replied.
‘No wonder!’ Jeanie laughed. ‘I liked the first song, bridge to my heart.’
‘Yeah, that is a good one isn’t it!’ he said enthusiastically. ‘Oh, God, she is going to be so pleased! See, ever since her mother passed I’ve sort of taken her under my wing. Unfortunately, her dad’s in jail.’
‘Oh.’
‘But thank you so, so much!’ Michael said. ‘I knew she had it in her.’
‘She just might indeed,’ Jeanie said. ‘But we’ll take it one step at a time, even if she has to go back to college.’
‘Okay,’ Michael replied. ‘Right, so have you had any more thoughts about your Mr Cohn.’
‘You know Michael, actually I have,’ Jeanie said phrasing her words carefully. ‘Do you think you could have a word with him after all?’
‘I’d be glad to,’ Michael said. ‘Actually, I was going to anyway. Rod’s all in favour of it.’
‘I don’t want the man to be hurt,’ she cautioned.
‘No, we won’t hurt him,’ Michael said. ‘But we would make it clear that to mess with you is to mess with me, and he knows my reputation. As I say a friend of mine used to do business with him.’
‘Will you phone him?’
‘Most unwise to,’ Michael said. 
‘Could I come?’ she asked.
‘Could you come?’ Michael repeated bemused. ‘Why?’
‘I’d like to ask him a question in person.’
Michael thought for a moment. ‘Well, I could ask it for you.’
‘I’d like to see him.’ she said. ‘I actually went to his house last night to speak to him but his wife told me to get the hell away.’
‘You did?’ Michael sounded impressed. ‘Good on you girl!’
‘If I came, I’d only stay for a moment.’
Michael was thoughtful. ‘Okay, tell you what, I’ll have one of my people slip a note under your door telling you when and where it will be.’
‘I’d appreciate that, Michael.’
‘Jeanie, it will be my pleasure.’
They hung up and Jeanie found that her mood had lifted. Michael Ranada may have been a gangster, but he had a nice way about him. She felt drawn to him even more. 
*   *   *
Rather than go into the office, Jeanie decided to take another day off and just relax in her apartment and think things over. She also felt guilty about neglecting Micky, and he was making much of her continued presence. Above all she felt she had done the right thing by involving Michael Ranada in the Radcliffe Cohn situation, as risky as it might seem. 
She knew from a few bullying experiences that she’d had at college years ago that bullies needed to be stood up to. There was a girl at her music college who kept putting her down and in the end Jeanie had stood on her foot and pulled her hair. It seemed to work. The girl ran off crying and Jeanie was suspended for a week, but it was worth it. Likewise, men such as Cohn needed to be faced up to. Fire had to be fought by fire, she thought, or doused with water!
As Jeanie sat with the dog on her lap in the lounge, she decided to give her local police precinct a call. She knew she was obliged to tell them about her encounter with Fred and Lynne Edwards, even though she just wanted to forget about it. She got the police’s number from directory enquiries and spoke to a very helpful lady officer who took down the details. The officer assured Jeanie that she would be contacted by one of her colleagues as soon as possible.
Jeanie hung up feeling slightly relieved. It had been on her mind, and she had been concerned that the police might have thought she had been a part of the scam in some way. She then made call to Rod’s mobile and he answered immediately.
‘I hope it’s alright with you, but I gave Michael Ranada the go-ahead regarding Cohn,’ Jeanie said.
There was a pause at Rod’s end and then he said, ‘We shouldn’t be talking about this on the phone,’ he said. ‘But let’s hope it doesn’t backfire.’
‘What’s the worst that could happen?’ Jeanie asked.
‘Maybe Cohn doesn’t scare easily,’ Rod said. ‘Although believe me, Michael Ranada can be one scary guy. And I have to say that since you’ve been talking to him he’s been going easier on me.’
‘Oh, I’m so glad,’ Jeanie said.
‘In fact, he even apologised and said that it was only because he was under pressure.’
‘Oh good,’ Jeanie said. ‘So how are you?’
‘I’ve got to admit I’m getting better!’ Rod replied paraphrasing the Beatles with a laugh.
‘I guess you haven’t had time to get onto Nosmo King?’
‘No, sorry,  I just keep forgetting to do it,’ Rod said. ‘But I’ll get Clive to do it, definitely.’
‘Okay and remind me where we’re playing next?’ she said.
Rod had to think. ‘Downey,’ he finally said. ‘Clive told me that it’s only a small venue with a seating capacity of five hundred, but it all helps to spread the love. It’s called the…Luthor Playhouse I believe.’
‘Lovely,’ Jeanie said committing it memory. ‘Okay, well I’ll speak to you tomorrow.’
‘Fine,’ Rod replied. ‘Ciao!’
Jeanie put the phone down and decided to make herself a coffee and sandwich. There were still two obligatory phone calls to make, one to her aunt and one to Gail about the Nosmo King fiasco, as she had now dubbed it. But she just wasn’t in the mood to go through all that stuff again. She’d call them tomorrow.
Going into the kitchen she made herself a super-quick ham and mustard sandwich and put some cold chicken down for the dog. But for some reason he didn’t seem hungry. She picked the dog up and touched his nose. It was still cold and moist and so the dog was okay, but he probably needed a walk to stimulate his appetite.
After her snack, Jeanie put on some tracksuit bottoms and a warm top, found the dog’s lead and they trouped out. In fact as soon as the dog saw his lead, he began to get excited.
Jeanie took him around the apartment building and onto the bit of common behind it. Micky really was in his element in the great outdoors. But it was when they were coming back that she saw a car she recognised sitting at the entry point of her apartment blocks’ driveway. It belonged to Mark. He was just sitting in the car smoking with the window down, staring at her. He didn’t even wave.
In fact, thinking about it, he might have been there for a while, but she hadn’t noticed when she had exited the building. She walked over to his car and he wound his window further down. Micky jumped up pleased to see him.
‘What are you doing here?’ she asked keeping her tone even.
He drew on his cigarette and stared at her balefully. ‘Jeanie, I understand you just turned up at Radcliffe’s house last night.’
‘Yeah, so? I wanted to talk to him about all this shit!’
‘If you want to talk to him it would be best if you contacted his representatives first.’
Jeanie shook her head. ‘So what are you, his messenger boy?’
Mark drew on his cigarette. ‘Jeanie I see myself as a mediator in all this. Radcliffe is upset as I know you are. But you need to show him a bit more respect.’
‘What?’ Jeanie exclaimed angrily. ‘Show him a bit more respect! Mark you really take the biscuit, do you know that?’ She turned and walked away pulling Micky behind her.
‘Aren’t you going to invite me in?’ Mark called, but she ignored him.  As she went into the vestibule of the building she heard Mark starting up his car and roaring off. Good riddance, she thought.
When she got back to her apartment she found that Mickey’s appetite had returned.  He ran up to his bowl of water and then began to devour his tasty pieces of chicken on the plate next to it. Jeanie looked down with satisfaction.  Having a pet was so good for her. Micky kept her grounded.
*   *   *
The next morning, Lilly was due to come in to do a bit of cleaning and so Jeanie decided to go into the office for half a day. She would just work until three and then return home before the traffic worsened. As usual Clive was at his desk and was glad to see her. 
‘Don’t forget, we’re playing in Downey on Tuesday week,’ he said.
‘I know,’ Jeanie replied as she took off her coat. ‘Where’s Jasmine, is she in?’
‘She phoned in yesterday,’ Clive said. ‘But I don’t think she and Rod are a couple anymore.’
Jeanie nodded. ‘It simply wasn’t meant to be. Did Rod ask you to give Nosmo King a call?’
‘He did but I haven’t gotten around to it yet,’ Clive said. ‘Also, just to let you know, we’ve had some more returns.’
Jeanie held up her hand. ‘Don’t tell me!’
Clive shook his head. ‘My niece Nora said you went to see her, was her advice useful?’ 
‘Sorry, I forgot to tell you,’ Jeanie replied. ‘Yes, thanks, but it appears most legal processes take forever and a day. But what’s new!’
Clive nodded. ‘Have you spoken to Tam about this?’
‘I haven’t got much faith in him to be honest,’ Jeanie replied. ‘And he’ll only wack a big extra chunk on his normal bill!’
Clive smiled. ‘That’s what they do!’
Jeanie drifted back to her office, but her mood was slightly more positive than it had been lately. The only reason she could find for this was Michael Ranada. She prayed he could help her, but had a really good feeling about him. She had liked the way he had looked into her eyes as if trying to read her soul.
*   *   *
When she arrived home later that afternoon, she found an envelope stuffed under her front door without a stamp on it. Someone had obviously posted it by hand. She pushed Micky back into the apartment as he was jumping all over her and ripped open the note. Written in a scrawly longhand it said:
 
‘Hi J, 
We’ll be at the P.T.K warehouse, 6189B, the Mile Long Pier, Port Los Angeles at about ten pm Monday evening. 
 M.’

Jeanie had to think who ‘M’ was for a moment and just stared at the note and then went to her laptop in the bedroom and Googled the address. It was some distance away. It was a location straight out of a classical gangster movie where the bad guys summarily murdered each other in damp and dark warehouses. Only, Michael had assured her that no murder or harm would be taking place. She was tempted to phone Michael to clarify the address but thought better of it.
She then spent the next day worrying about what she had done. Perhaps she should phone Michael and call it off. If Cohn was harmed in anyway, Jeanie would be complicit in the act. But she held her nerve, didn’t go into work, and then as Monday evening approached, she steeled herself and left early to arrive at the rendezvous.
The warehouse was actually near a noisy funfair attraction on a pier but was itself in a generally deserted area. The building looked like an aircraft hanger and would be an ominous location to be taken to in the dead of night. It was then that she noticed what she thought was Michael Ranada’s car parked in the shadow of the warehouse with two other vehicles.
She parked a little way down the road and then taking a deep breath she got out and walked quickly towards the warehouse. She noted some security cameras looking directly at her high up on the chain link fence. She put the scarf she was wearing over her head and kept it down. Then, when she tried to open the gate onto the premises, she found that it had been unlocked.
Keeping her head down she walked smartly over to the warehouse and then paused unsure where to go next. Suddenly there was a movement in the shadows and Michael Ranada stepped out. He had a cigarette in his hand and was wearing a black leather jacket and was smiling at her. She went over to him and suddenly all her anxiety dropped away. 
‘Are you alright?’ he asked throwing the cigarette on the ground.
They were now standing in the moonlight.
On impulse she took his arm. ‘Boy am I glad to see you,’ she said.
His expression changed and then he suddenly bent forward and gently kissed her on the lips. She looked into his eyes as if startled and then grabbed him and kissed him back, only with more passion. They kissed again, Jeanie’s heart hammering in her chest. 
It was then that she knew with absolute certainty that she had found the man she had been searching for all her life. Here he was in the flesh under the light of the moon which seemed to be casting a blessing on their union.
At that moment Rod’s hold over her melted away, besides he was married now, unstable as it was. Mark, as far as she was concerned had just been a brief episode in her life and was now an irrelevance. But still she had questions about him which hopefully would be answered tonight by Cohn.
Michael studied her face carefully. ‘Are you sure you want to witness this?’ he asked.
Jeanie looked towards the warehouse. ‘So is Cohn in there now?’
Michael nodded. ‘We picked him two hours ago. He’s scared to death which is what we want him to be. He’s already been promising the world. But we need to make sure he gets the message one hundred percent. My men have slapped him around a little.’
‘Oh,’ Jeanie said holding Michael tightly on the arm.
‘Actually, I don’t think you should be here,’ he told her. 
‘What about the security cameras?’ she said.
‘Don’t worry about those, they’ve been disabled,’ he said.
‘Well, I still want to talk to Cohn about what he did otherwise I won’t feel satisfied,’ she said.
‘It’s your decision,’ he replied. He moved towards a door at the side of the warehouse and opened it and let Jeanie go in before him. It was very cold inside the building. There were several men standing about in the gloom. One man was menacingly holding a long metal chain.
She immediately caught sight of a pudgy man tied to a chair, half naked, in his shorts and gagged with sweat on his forehead.  He looked up at her, his frightened eyes showing he recognised her.
Michael lead her deeper into the warehouse. Taking a deep breath she went and stood in front of Radcliffe Cohn who looked pitiful and vulnerable.
‘Hello, Radcliffe,’ she said with just a hint of the dramatic in her voice.
Cohn tried to speak and so someone removed the gag in his mouth. ‘Jeanie, what’s going on? Do you know these people?’ His voice sounded raw.
‘Yeah, I know these people, they’re good friends of mine,’ she answered.
Cohn was evidently very distressed. ‘Then you need to tell them that there’s been a mistake. They need to let me go!’
‘They’ll let you go, but first you have to admit to what you did in front of these witnesses,’ she stated. ‘And apologise for it. And I’ll record it all on my phone. And you need to stop harassing my business and to put the record straight regarding our merchandise. And you need to stop bad mouthing my company and to contact all the retailers you’ve spoken to and tell them that everything is now fine.’
‘I don’t know what you mean,’ Cohn said.
Jeanie looked at Michael.
Michael came over to him. ‘I thought we had this conversation. I thought you agreed you were going to be nice?’
‘But I am nice,’ Cohn said defiantly. ‘You can’t believe what she says. Her boyfriend is a drug addict! And she probably is for all we know!’
Michael blinked. ‘Jeanie I don’t think he’s got the message yet. You need to turn away for a moment. Paulie take Jeanie into the office and pour her a drink will you?’
Cohn started to object but he was gagged again.
A younger man in a dark grey homburg and vest came over to Jeanie and smiled. ‘Come and have a drink.’
Jeanie paused and then went with Michaels’ man into a side office where she was invited to take a chair. The young man shut the door just as Jeanie could hear the sound of Radcliffe Cohn groaning loudly in pain as he was being struck with a thwack by something. She turned and was shocked to see a thin cane swinging in the air through the office window.
‘Oh my God,’ she said.
Michael’s man laughed. ‘Don’t worry. he’s only getting six of the best across the shins. Now, if we were using a baseball bat, then there would be cause to worry.’
She nodded weakly.
‘What would you like to drink?’ the man said. ‘We’ve got everything.’
‘Something strong,’ she replied as she was beginning to feel her nerves faltering slightly.
The man quickly made her a martini and passed it to her. ‘You’re that singer aren’t you?’ he said conversationally.
Jeanie tried to stay calm. She took a gulp of her drink. ‘I am.’
The man smiled. ‘Michael is a big fan.’
Jeanie nodded. ‘Thanks.’
There was more groaning from Cohn who was muffled by the gag in his mouth. The thwack of the cane was very audible. Jeanie was now worried they would go too far.
Her host could see she was uncomfortable. ‘Listen, it sounds worse than it is. There’s a way of doing it that hurts but doesn’t break any bones. Tomorrow, he’ll just have a few bruises but he won’t forget them.’
Jeanie nodded. She wasn’t enjoying this at all. As she sat there with her drink, Michael suddenly  appeared at the door of the office and smiled. ‘Mr Cohn requests an audience with you, Jeanie.’
She stood up nervously, put her drink down on the desk and followed him out. Cohn, still tied to the chair, with his hair all over the place and clearly very distressed looked at her with terrified eyes. One of the men whipped off his gag.
‘I’m sorry, I’m sorry,’ Cohn begged. ‘God, this hurts so much! I was wrong to have done what I did to you. I promise I will make it up to you.’ He was practically crying. ‘Don’t let them hurt me anymore!’
Jeanie looked down at the man’s legs which looked red and raw. ‘You admit that you… ‘
‘Yes, yes, I shouldn’t have done it, I’m sorry please, just  give me a chance to make it up to you.’
Jeanie nodded. ‘I just want to know something. Was Mark behind it?’ she asked. ‘Did he lead you to believe that I was available to you?’
Without hesitation, Cohn nodded. ‘Yes, right from the off. He said he was so grateful to me for the opportunity that I could screw you anytime I wanted, pardon my language, but that’s what he said.’
Jeanie was shocked. ‘He actually used those words?’
‘Yes, the whole thing was his idea,’ Cohn said.
‘How do I know you’re not lying?’ Jeanie asked. 
Cohn’s face was pained. ‘Because I have respect for Michael here. If I knew you were a friend of his I would never have done anything, please believe me. It was a bad mistake and if you give me a chance I’m going to devote myself to promoting your business in my stores. I have over two hundred of them as you know and I’m going to arrange special promotions for your company in all of them. I will make your album and future albums best sellers, I guarantee it.’
‘And you’ll make it right with our other retailers?’ she said.
 ‘On my mother’s grave, I promise,’ he begged. ‘ Give me this chance and you won’t regret it.’
‘Okay,’ Jeanie said. ‘I believe you.’
Michael came up to Cohn and bent down to him. ‘You better keep your promise you sonofabitch or there won’t be a next time!’
Cohn nodded. ‘Michael on my word of honour, I will make it right.’
Michael stood up and gave Jeanie a wink. ‘So what do you think? Do you believe him?’
‘I’m prepared to give him a chance,’ Jeanie said.
‘Thank you Jeanie, thank you and I apologise again,’ Cohn said clearly relieved.
‘Okay, get the man a nice cold beer from the fridge,’ Michael said. ‘Maybe put some cream on the grazes on his leg.’
Jeanie took a breath. At least they hadn’t killed him. But it was without doubt one of the most hair raising things she had ever experienced.
‘Can I take you home?’ Michael offered.
‘No, I’m fine thanks,’ Jeanie replied. ‘I’ll phone you tomorrow if that’s okay.’
‘Anytime,’ Michael replied walking her out to her car on the street.
When they were alone again, Jeanie hugged him and they kissed again only with even more passion.
‘Would you come out to dinner with me?’ Michael said. ‘I know this great clam house and club rolled into one in town.’
‘I’d love too,’ she said giving him another hug. 
‘I’ll phone you,’ he said with a smile.
She smiled back and then climbed into her car and with a wave drove off. When she looked down at her hands on the steering wheel they were shaking.
*   *   *
The next morning Jeanie awoke with her mind very much focussed on Michael Ranada. She was also terrified of what the consequences of Cohn’s abduction and torture would be. She was sure that the police or FBI would come knocking at her door at any time. Instead she got a phone call from a surprise caller.
‘This is Mrs Cohn, I owe you an apology,’ she said sounding strained. ‘Radcliffe told me there had been a misunderstanding and that he had got hold of the wrong end of the stick. He asked me to phone you to apologise and to see if you were alright.’
‘Yes I’m fine thank you,’ Jeanie replied surprised at this dramatic turnaround. 
There was a knock at the front door.
‘There’s someone at my door,’ she said. ‘Can I phone you back?’
‘Might be the flowers,’ Mrs Cohn said mysteriously and hung up.
Jeanie went to the front door and found a man standing there with a huge bouquet of roses and lilies. ‘From Mr Cohn to Miss Jeanie Colbert,’ he said.
Jeanie accepted them with a signature but wasn’t keen to have them on display as they were from Cohn, so she dumped them in her trash. If Cohn thought it would be this easy to soften her up he was mistaken. She then noticed there was a small note attached to them, so she fished it out and read it.
‘With deepest apologies and I hope we can be friends again, regards, Radcliffe.’
Friends again, Jeanie thought, we were never friends in the first place.
Checking her phone she found two messages from Mark requesting that they met up. Jeanie just deleted them. She then went and had a shower and as the piping hot water spilled over her she had a feeling that everything was going to be alright. The bad stuff had run its course.
Even though Radcliffe Cohn was her enemy, he would obviously be forced to play ball from now on. With his change of heart and help, Coolabah Records could really take off. At the end of the day, success depended on who promoted you.
Feeling more and more optimistic as the day wore on, she took Mickey for a walk as she started to get mentally prepared for their next gig. It would be in a week’s time. But she knew the songs backwards and felt on top of it all.
She gave Rod a call in the hospital and he seemed to be doing fine. When she told him about Cohn being taken to the warehouse he thought she was kidding, but then realised she was in earnest.
‘Man that’s incredible!’ he said. ‘Let’s hope it does the trick!’
When she asked him about Jasmine he shrugged. ‘I’m too old for her, and anyway it was supposed to be a publicity stunt, remember?’  he said.
 But Jeanie was determined not to be Rod’s go-to girlfriend if it all continued to go pear shaped for him. She didn’t want that kind of relationship with him anymore. He had taken her for granted for too long. She would also have to make that clear to Mark as well. Without doubt she and Mark were finito!
*   *   *
How long it would last with Michael Ranada was anyone’s guess. Obviously, Jeanie didn’t know him well enough to make that kind of assessment. But he seemed exciting and a bit of a sweetheart despite having a fearsome reputation. When it came to women, children and animals he was as soft as an Italian Torte, so Rod had told her.
Michael Ranada arranged to pick her up from her apartment the next day to take her to dinner. The fuss he made over Mickey really made the dog’s day.
‘Next time I’ll bring you a great rubber bone, how’d you like that, huh!’ he said to the dog as he cradled it like a baby.
They went downstairs and got into his new red Saleen S7 Twin Turbo sportscar. Apparently he had several cars in a garage somewhere. Jeanie had chosen her clothes carefully, wearing a purple scoop neck knee-length chiffon cocktail dress with lace sequins. He was dressed like a stockbroker in his cool grey expensive suit with matching wrist bracelet, watch and diamond ring.
He smiled at her and then slowly drove out of the block’s communal drive and hit the road. They drove for a hundred meters or so with Michael looking into his rear mirror and frowning.
‘What’s the matter?’ she asked.
‘I think we might be being tailed,’ he said.
Jeanie looked into the rearview mirror. ‘Oh, my God that’s Mark my ex, who set me up with Cohn!’
Michael’s face clouded over and he pulled the car to the side of the road. Mark also pulled up behind him. 
Michael got out of the sportscar and went over to Mark’s car and tapped on the window. Mark wound his window down and stared at him coolly.
‘You need to get out of here!’ Michael said threateningly. 
Mark sniffed at him. ‘What, do you own the friggin’ sidewalk?’
Without another word Michael reached into the car through the open door window, grabbed Mark’s lapels, hauled him out and punched him in the mouth. It was a feat of considerable strength. 
Mark tried to defend himself but Michael easily got the upper hand and dragged him on the ground, giving him three more well-aimed punches in the gut. 
Jeanie froze as she witnessed this in the mirror and did in fact feel for Mark who lay on the ground groaning. But it served him right. He had sold her out.
‘Okay, okay!’ Mark gasped as he lay on the floor holding his stomach, his bottom lip bleeding. 
Mark stood up and straightened his jacket. ‘I swear to God if you come within one mile of Jeanie’s apartment block, I’ll come looking for you and break every bone in your Godamn body, you understand me?’
Mark nodded. Jeanie averted her eyes.
Michael got back into the car next to Jeanie. ‘I’m sorry about that. I just felt he needed to be straightened out. Did I do bad?’
Jeanie tapped him on the knee. ‘No, he had it coming.’
Michael started up the car again and they drove off.
They drove for a couple of miles in thoughtful silence and then Jeanie’s phone went. It was Clive. ‘You okay?’ he asked sounding chirpy.
‘Yeah, not bad, you?’ she replied.
‘Fine. Guess what, you’re not going to believe it, but one of Mayer’s trucks pulled up at the warehouse late this afternoon. They loaded up the palettes that they dumped last week and re-delivered them to Mayers. It looks like we’re back in business. What did you say to them?’
‘I just used my feminine wiles,’ Jeanie answered pleased.
‘Well, thank Christ for that,’ Clive said. ‘You coming in tomorrow?’
‘Maybe,’ Jeanie replied. ‘But do me a favour will you?’
‘Sure,’ Clive replied his voice crackling over the phone. 
‘Put in an offer for the Regis Theater, will you?’
‘Really?’ Clive replied sounding bemused. 
‘Yep,’ Jeanie said confidently. ‘Check with Rod first but tell him I have a feeling we’re going to have a good year!’
There was a pause and then Clive said, ‘You know what Jeanie, so do I, so do I!’
They hung up and Michael looked at her. ‘So you buying a theater now?’
‘Yep,’ Jeanie said with a smile. ‘And the first act we’re going to book is going to be your niece!’
‘You’re kidding me!’ Michael replied delighted.
‘Nope, can she handle an audience?’ she asked.
‘Can she handle an audience?’ he repeated with a twinkle in his eye. ‘You’re looking at him!’
Jeanie just had to laugh.

The End
ABOUT THE AUTHOR

British Herbert Howard Jones was born in the fifties and was formerly a porter at the BBC before he began training as a legal executive and then became a civil servant. He dabbles in writing and the arts in general and is very keen on music. He is particularly fond of domestic animals, metaphysics and is fascinated by the future of technology.  His profile page can be found via this link:
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/HHjones

