Excuse Me, First Love
College Daze: Book One
Danielle Burton

COPYRIGHT
Excuse Me, First Love
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2015 Kirby Danielle Burt
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used, reproduced, or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written consent of the author, except brief quotes used in reviews.
Cover Design: Danielle Burton

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.
 

DEDICATION
To my beautiful mother. Though you never got to see me accomplish this dream I know you’d be proud. Gone but not forgotten. I love you always.

To my amazing husband, for being amazing and my gorgeous daughter. May this encourage you to fulfill your dreams and never give up as far out of reach as they may seem.

To my incredible Wattpad readers and fans. Without you none of this would be possible. Your continued support means the world to me. Thank you for giving me the courage to continue this journey when I have felt like giving up so many times.

To my fifteen-year-old self. Thank you for choosing life;

Chapter One

Gabi

Don’t do it Gabi. A throat punch is not the proper way to start off your freshman year of college. I stared after the idiot who’d just darted past, knocking me flat on my butt. Luckily, I’d landed on a soft bed of grass instead of the pavement. Mr. Rudeness hadn’t even so much as glanced over his shoulder. Clearly chivalry was dead and he was missing a vital organ known as the brain. 
“What are you doing down there?”
I squinted up at my dad while rising to my feet. “Just resting a bit.” No need to send him chasing after anyone either. “Are we almost done?”
“Just a few more boxes.”
Hooking my thumbs through the belt loops of my shorts, I fell in step beside him as we walked back to the moving truck.
He leaned against it and studied me for a few seconds before he spoke in a somber tone. “I still don’t understand why you had to come down so early. You could’ve at least given your old man another week with his baby girl before running off to college. If I didn’t know any better, I’d think you were trying to get away from me.”
“Not you…or Kas.”
His chest inflated with a heavy sigh. “I wish you and your mom would get along.”
“Maybe if she’d stop trying to dictate my life.”
“Your mother means well, sweetheart.”
“Oh, I know. She just loves me to pieces, that’s why she’s not here.”
His shoulders drooped and he reached over and brushed one of my wild, reddish curls away from my face. “Your mom wanted to be here, she just –”
“Had to work? What’s new?”
His eyes remained on me a moment longer, but he didn’t press the issue. I suppose because he knew, just like all the other times, that it was a pointless argument. We’d gone ‘round and ‘round about my ‘relationship’ with my mother most of my life. It always ended in a stalemate. 
With another heavy sigh, he pushed away from the truck then grabbed another tote from the ground. “Let’s finish up.”


Once everything was inside of my dorm, my dad stood with his hands shoved in the pockets of his jeans. “Sure you don’t need any help unpacking, or you know, wanna hang with your old man for a while?”
“I’m fine, Dad, and you need your rest before you get back on the road.” I closed the space between us and squeezed his waist as tight as my arms would allow. “Love you. Call me when you get home so I know you made it safe.”
“Love you too, baby girl. And I sure will.” He brushed one of my frizzy curls behind my ear and pressed a kiss to my forehead. “Be good.”
“When am I ever not good?”
He narrowed an eye at me and lifted a brow, his ‘who you think you foolin’ look.
I giggled, shaking my head at his expression. “Point taken. But don’t worry, I’ll be on my bestest behavior. Cross my heart.”
He hugged me one last time before heading out, leaving me to relish in the feeling of being on my own for the first time in my life. A grin crept over my face and I pumped my fist, before hopping up on to the bed and commencing to shake my groove thang.
Several minutes later I was still at it, swiveling my hips and singing the chorus to ‘Break Free’ by Ariana Grande.
A throat cleared behind me sending my heart into a frenzy. I turned and found my dad standing in the doorway smirking.
“When you’re done celebrating, here,” he held out my laptop bag. “You left this in the truck.”
I climbed down and shuffled to the door, my cheeks burning the entire way. “Thanks, Daddy.”
Once he was gone, for good, I locked up my dorm and headed down to the one place I’d been dying to go since being accepted at River Crest University.

~ * ~

I slipped off my sandals and dug my toes into the sand, enjoying the breeze coming off the lake as joggers passed by giving friendly waves. That was one of the things I missed most about River Crest, the sense of community.
It wasn’t exactly a small town but it was far from the big city of Chicago where I’d spent the last three years. Even though I’d only lived in River Crest for a short while before moving, I’d fallen in love with everything about it. Devastation didn’t begin to describe my feelings when I found out my dad’s job was relocating us.
It was one of those places people only dreamed of moving to. Big houses with white picket fences and spacious yards, beautiful parks, and the most gorgeous winters. But the thing I loved most about this town was where I stood right now, Juniper Lake.
I’d spent every day here the summer before my parents had dragged me kicking and screaming to the Windy City. On the last night of that particular summer, I’d sat in this exact spot with the best friend a girl could ever hope for, Jayson Adams. My Jayson.
A lot of promises were made that night, none of which were kept. I toyed with the dolphin charm hanging from the thin chain around my neck. A parting gift from him, or rather my half of a matching set. The other hung above his heart the last time I’d seen it.
There had been so much I’d wanted to say to him that night, but my fear had gotten the best of me. I’d been a fourteen-year-old girl in love with her best friend. A friend she would never see again. I’d resigned myself to the fact that revealing how I felt was a moot point. We were kids, I was moving a thousand miles away, and there was nothing I could do about it.
The next morning he’d kissed my cheek, told me he’d never forget me, and promised to call me every day. And he had...at first. After a few weeks, the calls had tapered off until one day they’d stopped completely.
I’d hated my parents for months for tearing me away from him. I hated him for breaking his promise. And I hated the world for being so unfair.
Every day I told myself it was just a childhood crush and the feelings would eventually go away. I’m still waiting.


When I made it back to my dorm it was overflowing with boxes, none of which were mine. My mother had packed all my things in bright colored totes and fancy garment bags. Everything was so well organized, unpacking would be a breeze.
I navigated through the maze until I reached my side of the room. A large silver makeup case sat on my bed. The professional kind you’d usually see at a photo shoot. One side was open revealing an array of eye shadow in every color of the rainbow – and then some.
A hand shot out, snapping the lid shut and scaring the crap out of me in the process.
“Sorry about that. I was looking for something and didn’t have any room.” A petite girl with flawless sepia skin moved the makeup case to the floor. “You must be Gabrielle.” She beamed at me, showing off perfect white teeth, and stuck out her hand.
“Gabi,” I corrected, and shook her hand.
“I’m Camryn,” she said, brushing her long, straight brown hair over her shoulder. “But friends call me Cam. People who want to die call me Cammie. Please don’t call me Cammie.”
I offered a small smile, unsure if it was a joke or a threat, and sat on the edge of my bed, looking around the room. A mountain of boxes, some with clothes spilling out, hid the door. “You sure have a lot of things.”
“I know.” She gave an exaggerated eye roll and shook her head. “As soon as my mom found out I’d be living on campus she converted my room into her ‘yoga space.’” I had to bring most of my stuff with me.” She busied herself pushing boxes over to her side of the room. “Plus, I bought a whole new wardrobe during the summer. High School is over now. I have to look the part if I’m going to land me one of these sexy college guys.”
Classes hadn’t even started yet and she was on the prowl for men? I could already tell we didn’t have a thing in common.
A knock on the door interrupted my assessment and I rose to answer it. Camryn followed close behind. Clearly personal space was of little importance to her.
When I opened the door, there was a man leaning against the frame picking at his cuticles. He was a few shades lighter than Camryn, and had a baseball cap turned backward on his head.
“Can we help you?” I asked him.
His hazel eyes caught mine and he smiled. For a long moment he didn’t speak, just stared. It wasn’t until I cleared my throat that he pushed away from the frame and found his words. “Thank God. The girls in the last dorm were trolls.” 
He handed us each a bright orange sheet of paper. “My name is Haikeem. I’m part of the unofficial welcoming committee. That there,” he said, pointing to the flyers in our hands. “is a list of all things important here at RCU. Hotspots, bangin’ parties, and even a few romantic spots for the couples. It’s updated monthly, and we encourage all the sexy ladies to attend our parties.” His gaze lingered on me as he ran his tongue over his plump lips.
“I bet you do,” I mumbled. That troll remark had rubbed me the wrong way. Any chance he might’ve had went out the window with that one statement.
He took a step back and smiled at us again. “Well, I’ll be seeing you ladies around. Especially you, Red.” He winked at me before turning and heading down the hall
In your dreams.
I skimmed over the flyer while walking back to my bed, not even giving the parties a second glance. My eyes stopped near a section at the bottom of the page. Live Music & Poetry: Every Saturday night at Angelo’s. Poetry was my weakness. Though I couldn’t write it worth a damn, listening to poets pour their emotions out in melodic rhythms moved my spirit in a way I couldn’t quite put into words.
Camryn’s voice pierced my reverence and I looked up to find her butt planted on my nightstand. “I’ll definitely be at all these parties, especially if Mr. Sexy from the welcoming committee is there.”
After a relaxing breath to stave off an eye roll, I tossed the flyer on my pillow and went over to the tote labeled ‘shoes.’ Leave it to my perfectionist mother to have every pair scrubbed clean and separated into dividers. I grabbed my favorite pair of sneakers, and then sat on my wooden chest to change into them. “Between studying and track meets I won’t have time for any.”
“You run track?” If the shock in her voice wasn’t enough evidence, her gaping mouth gave away her surprise.
“Yeah.” River Crest was famous for track. There were teams at the Elementary, Middle, and High Schools. I guess you could say it was kind of our thing.
“I always wanted to join the track team, but my mom wouldn’t let me.”
“Why not?” I stood after I had laced and tied my shoes.
Camryn went back to pushing boxes around. “Sports are for manly girls.”
“Excuse me?” My gaze narrowed on the back of her head. I don’t know who Miss Priss thought she was, but if –
She faced me and her eyes went as wide as saucers. “Those are my mom’s words, not mine. She said I couldn’t go out for sports because boys don’t like girls that act like boys. Gymnastics was also out of the question. Boys don’t like girls with more muscles than them. Again, my mom’s words. I ended up cheer-leading, which I hated.”
I took a deep breath, my gaze softening and anger dissipating. I needed to stop with these knee jerk reactions, the only thing my mother and I agreed on. “Wow, your mom sounds like a pill.”
Camryn threw her head back and groaned. “She’s the worst. I was so glad when I graduated, I don’t ever want to go back there.”
She turned back to a box that was almost as tall as her and began pushing it. Or at least that was her attempt, but the thing wasn’t budging.
With a little shrug, I went over to help. If we were going to be roommates, I suppose I could at least try to get along with her, even if we were polar opposites. “My mom didn’t want me to run either. My dad had to talk her into it, and she only agreed if I worked for her. She’s a caterer. She wants me to go into business with her, but it’s not my thing. I just want to win a few more medals and get my degree in Astrophysics.”
She stopped pushing the box, and I slipped, almost hitting my face on it.
“You’re majoring in Astrophysics?”
I nodded and gestured for her to keep pushing.
“Wow, you’re like every little girl’s role model. I could never do something so ambitious.”
It was clear the box was staying put, so I turned and leaned against it. “What’s your major?”
“Yours is so awesome I’m embarrassed to say.”
“Come on, it can’t be that bad.”
She pursed her lips, staring down at the box. “Accounting.”
“Accounting isn’t bad. It pays well.”
“Yeah, but it’s boring and safe. Plus, I’m too damn cute to be sitting behind a desk.”
I couldn’t help but to crack up at the seriousness in her expression. I shook my head and glanced down at my watch. “Are you going on the campus tour?”
“Yeah, you?”
I nodded, lifting my wrist for emphasis. “It’s in less than thirty minutes so we should get going.”
“Fine with me,” she said, a grin spreading across her face. “Anything to get out of working.”

~ * ~

During the tour, I’d taken a few notes and tried to memorize where everything was. Camryn had spent most of her time making eyes at the tour guide. I couldn’t blame her. He looked like a younger version of Brian White. 
It was close to lunch when the tour ended, so we decided to head to Angelo’s. According to the guide, not only did they have live music and poetry, but the best pizza for a hundred miles in any direction. Living in Chicago had spoiled me, so I had my doubts anything could compare.
Camryn walked next to me, scrolling through her phone.
I looked over at her and shook my head. “I can’t believe you asked for his number.”
She grinned from ear to ear. “Girl, he was damn fine. Check out his Instagram pics.” She handed me the phone which had a shirtless image of Omar, the guide, displayed on the screen.
I almost drooled at his well-defined, toffee colored body. “Good lord.”
“I know, right?” She took the phone back and dropped it into her purse. “I am so jealous of your hair. Is that your real color?” She lifted one of my reddish curls from my head and examined it.
“Yes, and you shouldn’t be. It takes a lot to tame this lion’s mane. Half the time I look like I stuck a fork in an electrical socket. Don’t even get me started on what weather does to it. Let’s just say, me and fog don’t get along.”
“Well you have me now,” she said, draping her arm over my shoulder. Which was a bit awkward considering she couldn’t have been more than 5’5” even in heels, and I was 5’ 10” without them. “I can fulfill all your hair and makeup needs.”
We walked the rest of the way in silence with Camryn once again scrolling through Instagram. If it hadn’t been for me guiding her, I’m pretty sure she would have walked into something.
When I pulled open the door to Angelo’s, a blast of cool air gushed out mixed with the aroma of fresh marinara sauce and garlic. As if on cue, my stomach rumbled, telling me to hurry up and feed it.
We grabbed the last table available and waited for the busy wait staff to notice us.
Melodies of conversations mixed together, giving the restaurant a sort of low buzz. The atmosphere was comfortable and inviting, a lot different than the places I’d frequented during my high school years in the big city.
There were no families or older patrons. In fact, everyone in the place looked like they attended the university. The thought made me smile. I couldn’t believe I was a college student now. Well, not for another two weeks when classes started, but still.
I released a contented sigh and took in the sights. Booths lined one wall, upholstered with bright red leather. Rectangular lanterns of the same shade hung from above. The other side held a long bar, various bottles of alcohol stood on the shelves behind it.
Toward the back, three carpeted steps led to a separate part of the restaurant. Unlike the area we sat in, that side had a fancier quality. There were a couple dozen tables, all empty at the moment, covered with a white table cloth and set for two. Further back, and up even more steps, was a large stage. That must have been where they had the music and poetry.
A wide, wooden column in the center of the room caught my eye. Engravings covered the mahogany wood, but it was hard to tell what they were of from this distance. I’d have to check it out later.
After fifteen minutes of me studying the interior and Cam scrolling Instagram, a waiter finally came over. He gave us a big smile before taking his note pad from his apron pocket and retrieving the pencil from behind his ear.
He had a Channing Tatum look to him. Scruffy, dirty blonde hair, a light tan, and twinkling green eyes that roamed over the length of me. What was it with these college guys? I’d barely gotten a second glance in high school. According to Sasha, one of my team mates on the track team, I wasn’t approachable. Supposedly guys were intimidated by me. For what reason, I hadn’t a clue. Though it was possible it had something to do with me punching Samuel Lewis in the nose our sophomore year. I’m sure he never grabbed another butt after that.
The one boyfriend I did have lasted less than a month. He was nice enough, but there was only one thing on his mind, and I was not giving that up to a guy I’d known for three weeks.
Mr. Tatum tapped his pencil against his pad and stared at me with his brow raised.
Camryn nudged my foot under the table and gestured to the menu that had somehow materialized in front of me. “Your drink, Gabi?”
“Oh, sorry.” Heat crept over my cheeks and I just knew they’d turned a deep shade of red. I flipped to the drink section and placed an order for an iced tea while avoiding eye contact with the server.
Camryn and I both ordered a personal pizza, mine meat lover’s, and hers, sausage and mushroom. I almost gagged at the thought of that slimy fungus sliding down my throat.
After Marc, not Channing, left our table, Camryn laughed and wiggled her brows at me. “I would’ve never guessed you liked white boys.”
“What makes you think I like him?” Marc was pretty good looking, but far from being my type. I could appreciate a handsome white guy, but preferred deep, dark, skin that was kissed by the gods themselves.
“Well you were staring at him for a long time.”
“I was not. Was I?”
She nodded.
I buried my face in my hands. How embarrassing. “I didn’t mean to. My mind sort of drifted.”
“Well, he wouldn’t be a bad way to kick off the semester.”
I shook my head at my boy crazy roommate. “I’m not looking to date right away. I have a lot on my plate as it is. I don’t need any distractions.”
Marc came back to the table with our drinks, taking his time and watching me from the corner of his eye.
“No matter how cute they are,” I finished after he left, then took a sip of my tea and almost spit it back out. “Eww, I forgot to tell him to add lemon. I’ll be right back.” I stood, drink in hand, and headed over to the bar.
A group of guys blocked my path, holding what seemed to be an animated conversation. One of them was facing away from me and laughing. He backed up, paying no attention to his surroundings.
I tried to dodge him but wasn’t quick enough. He slammed into me, sending freezing tea down the front of my brand new halter top. The glass slipped from my hand and shattered against the hardwood. Thank goodness I’d changed out of my sandals. “Dammit! Watch where you’re –”
“Gabi?”
My heart leapt into my throat when I looked up at the jerk who’d crashed into me and came face to face with Jayson Adams. My Jayson.

Chapter Two

Jay

I drank in the face that I never thought I’d lay eyes on again. It’d been so long since I’d spoken her name it sounded foreign on my lips. It was hard to believe so much time had passed since I’d erased it from my vocabulary. Since I’d tried to convince myself that she never existed. I won’t lie and say I hadn’t thought about her. Hell, for the first year after she left, hardly a moment passed when Gabi wasn’t on my mind.
I’d spent months begging the universe to bring her back to me. As messed up as it sounds, I even prayed for her dad to lose his job in Chicago so that maybe they’d move back home. Whatever it took to have her in my life again. Three hundred sixty-five days of wishing for her, and now she stood in front of me and all I could do was stare.
My blank look must have made it seem as though I was unhappy to see her because a second later she brushed past me and made a beeline for the restroom. A few seconds after, a small blur rushed by, headed in the same direction.
Turning, I stared after Gabi, a familiar feeling fluttering in my gut. She was back.
Benji elbowed me, drawing my attention. “Wasn’t that –”
I took off in the direction she’d gone, not wanting to risk her thinking I was anything less than excited she was here. As I stood in the hall waiting for her to exit, it hit me. She hadn’t run because she was upset, the tea had soaked her top.
I’d never been so ecstatic for having worn two shirts in the blistering heat. I pulled off my checkered button up then knocked on the restroom door.
The same girl who’d rushed by me earlier stuck her head out. “Yes?”
“Do you know Gabi?”
She nodded.
“Could you give this to her?”
She accepted the shirt with a smile and closed the door.
A few excruciating minutes passed before anyone emerged. Gabi didn’t make it a foot out of the restroom before I pulled her into a bear hug.
She squealed in my ear as I spun her around.
“Gabrielle Tanner. Damn, it’s good to see you, girl.”
I sat her down and reluctantly freed her from my embrace so I could get a look at her. My shirt never looked that good on me. She’d tied it in the front revealing her toned honey brown stomach – and belly ring?
So much had changed, yet…not. Her reddish brown hair still hung past her shoulders, but instead of its natural frizzy state, it framed her face in loose curls. She’d always been tall for her age, which had once made her thin frame appear lanky. Now…boy oh boy. While still on the slender side, areas where bones once jutted awkwardly had been replaced with soft curves.
When my gaze finally made it to her face, her brows were furrowed and her mouth twisted into a small frown. Likely due to me staring at her like an idiot. But damn, could you blame me? It’s not every day you get to see that awkward friend flourish into…that.
Leaning back against the wall, I took a moment to swallow down the saliva that’d collected in my mouth before I drooled on myself. “What are you doing here?”
Her lips curved upward into a smile I never could forget. “Well I was trying to get some food until some goofball knocked tea all over me.”
I chuckled. “Funny. I mean in River Crest.”
“I’m attending the university.”
“Word?” I almost jumped up and clicked my heels together. Her being on campus meant I’d likely see her every day. I hoped. “Freshman.”
She rolled her eyes and nudged my shoulder. “Hush.”
Before she’d left I’d always teased her that I was a grade ahead. She’d been excited that the following school year I wouldn’t be able to call her a freshman anymore. That was until…
A throat cleared beside us and we both turned to Gabi’s friend.  “Well, let me just get out of the way of your little love connection, since I seem to be invisible.”
Gabi’s cheeks flushed, a bit of red tinging them as her wide eyes flickered to me. “Um…Jayson, this is my roommate, Cam. Cam, this is my Jay – uh, Jayson. This is Jayson.”
Cam lifted a brow at Gabi then shook my hand. “Nice to meet you, Jayson. Gabi, I’m going to head back to the table and wait for our food.” With that she turned and left us standing there.
“Why don’t you sit with us?” I offered. “It’s just me and Benji.”
She nodded, flashing me that beautiful smile. “Sure.”
Benji stood when he saw us, grinning from ear to ear. “What’s good, Gabriel? You done got grown on me?” he asked, wrapping his arms around her.
A strange pang clenched in my chest and I found myself frowning.
She giggled and smacked the back of his head before pushing him away. “I see you still live to annoy me.”
“You know it.”
I chuckled, recalling these two constantly going at it back in the day. Benji, my cousin who might as well have been my brother, and I grew up together, at least our adolescent years. He’d lived with us so he always ended up hanging out with me and Gabi, making fun of her affinity for sports. Hence calling her Gabriel instead of Gabrielle.
Gabi left for a moment to ask her friend to come over. When they joined us, Benji and Cam sat on one side while Gabi and I shared the other.
No sooner than Cam was beside him, Benji was putting the moves on her. And being his usual self, did so without an ounce of charm or stealth. “Damn, you’re small as hell, girl.” His gaze roamed over her body as he licked his lips. “The positions I could put you in.”
I thought for sure she’d go off on him, instead she smirked and gave him a sideways glance. “Boy, please. You couldn’t handle this if I gave you the handbook.”
“Baby, I wrote that book.”
Cam had no idea what she’d just gotten herself into. If there was one thing Benji loved, it was a challenge.
I shook my head at them and turned my attention to Gabi. “So, how’ve you been, Little Red?”
She giggled at her childhood nickname, then turned in the booth to face me, pulling her leg up as she did so that her knee rested on my thigh.
“I’ve been okay. What about you, track star? You asked what I’m doing here, what about you? I thought colleges would be fighting over you.”
“They were, and it was tough choosing from so many, but I’ve run for River Crest my whole life. It only seemed right to finish here, you know?”
She nodded and stirred her fresh tea with her straw.
A silence fell over us and I wasn’t sure what to make of it. Our conversations had once flowed so effortless. Now it was almost like we had no clue how to be around one another. I didn’t like it in the slightest. “You know I missed you, right?”
When she looked up at me the smile had vanished from her eyes, replaced with something I’d only seen from her on rare occasions; tears. “Did you? Because you stopped calling, and whenever I phoned you were never available to talk. You forgot about me, Jay.”
Her words hung in the air. That coupled with those big brown. tear-filled eyes ripped my soul in half. I could kick myself for causing her to believe I’d forgotten her. As if such a thing were even possible. Not only was she my best friend and so completely different than any girl I’d ever come across, but it wasn’t like you could ever forget your first –
Benji’s rambunctious laughter sliced through my thoughts. “Trust me, Gabe, he missed you. Cried like a baby for the longest. It got so bad I hated to spend the night in his room. Kept getting woken in the middle of the night by this guy sobbing your name into his pillow.”
Shaking my head at my supposed ‘friend’, I plucked a sausage from my pizza and tossed it at him. “Not cool, man.” After giving him a threatening glare, I turned my attention back to Gabi.
She rested her elbow on the table with her head on her fist and gazed at me with those pretty browns. “If you missed me so much, why’d you disappear?”
With a heavy breath, and heart, I met her gaze. “Gabi, I’m so sorry I –”
“What the hell, Jayson?”
I winced at the squeaky voice behind me, knowing it could only belong to one person. Shit. I turned and found Brooke killing Gabi with her eyes.
I rocketed from my seat and led her away before all hell broke loose. “Babe, what are you doing here? I thought you were sick.”
She cocked her head to the side and placed her hand on her hips. Aw, hell. ”That’s all you have to say to me after I find you cuddled up in a booth, entertaining some bitch?”
My eye twitched at her reference to Gabi, but I let it slide, for now, seeing how things may have looked from her perspective. “No one’s cuddling. Gabi’s just a friend.”
“Yeah, I bet. Just what kind of friend is she?”
“It’s not like that. We grew up together, that’s all.”
Her eyes narrowed to slits while she crossed her arms under her breasts. “That’s funny, I don’t recall you ever mentioning her.”
“We lost touch for a long time. I thought I’d never see her again.”
She continued her visual assault, probably having killed me in her mind several times by now.
I could see that this situation, as well as many others involving me and a female that wasn’t her, would not end well. Unless I calmed her down in the next few seconds, Angelo was gonna have my ass for causing yet another scene in his establishment.
“Babe, relax.” I rested my hands on her shoulders, and then moved them up and down her arms. “There’s nothing going on, okay?”
She started to relax into my touch until her gaze shifted over to Gabi. The smile forming on her face twisted into a scowl and she pushed my hands away. “Why the hell is she wearing your shirt?”
Shit. I’d forgotten about that. “There was an accident. Tea spilled on her top. It was my fault so I loaned her mine.”
She stared at me for a long time, no doubt deciding if she was buying my story. Over the past few weeks her distrust in me had increased. I couldn’t even look at a girl without her accusing me of something.
Her eyes cut over to Gabi again, a grin creeping over her face. She cupped the back of my neck and pulled me into a kiss, shoving her tongue into my mouth.
The only reason I didn’t push her away was to save her from embarrassment. Brooke knew how I felt about public displays of affection. A hug or peck on the cheek was fine, anything more belonged behind closed doors.
Once she released me, she sauntered past the booth, smirking at Gabi the entire way.
My fist clenched, desperate for a wall to punch for not realizing what she’d been up to sooner. The kiss, in full view of the table, had been her marking her territory, daring Gabi to touch what was hers.
She and I were going to have a long talk later. I was beyond fed up with this little act of hers.
When I made it back to my seat, Gabi stood wringing her hands. I couldn’t quite read the expression on her face, but it was far from the smile she’d worn less than fifteen minutes ago.
“Cam and I have to go.”
I looked to Benji for an explanation. His only response was a shrug.
Cam stood and eased out of the booth. “Right, we have a lot of unpacking to do.” She linked her arm through Gabi’s and they hurried toward the exit. Just as they reached the door, Gabi looked back at me. Our eyes locked and she held my gaze for a second before lowering her eyes and continuing forward.
All I could do was collapse into my seat and close my eyes. I leaned my head back, mulling over the last three minutes of my life. I couldn’t comprehend why I was more upset over Gabi leaving the restaurant than the possibility of Brooke leaving me.
Benji snickered and I opened my eyes, awaiting his smart ass comment.
“Well, that was interesting. Better than a soap opera.”
“Shut up.”
He continued to laugh at my expense before stopping to frown at the table. “Hold up, did they just leave us with their bill?”

~ * ~

I sat on the edge of my bed, holding my aching skull, emotionally drained from the reappearance of Gabi and the drama with Brooke. Luckily Brooke had gone back to her dorm. I wasn’t in the mood to argue. Not when all I could think about was the frizzy red head and her sad smile.
A thought came to me and I went over to my dresser and cleared out the bottom drawer. I threw everything into an unorganized pile, then yanked the drawer from its place and set it to the side.
It was still there, where I’d hidden it away months ago when my mom had sent it. I hadn’t wanted to see it or accidentally stumble across it so I’d left it at home, which she knew.
I held the scrapbook on my lap and ran my hand over the embroidered names on the front, tracing the curve of the G with my fingertips. For the first time the old album brought with it a smile instead of pain. Flipping through the pages brought back a rush of memories. Ones I’d never quite succeeded at burying.
I paused at a photo of me and Gabi play wrestling in my bedroom. My mom had always been snapping pictures back then, saying our kids would want to see what we were like. She’d always had this idea that Gabi and I would end up together. I’m sure it had something to do with the fact that she and my dad had gone from friends to lovers, a story she loved to tell to anyone who’d listen. She’d been almost as upset as I was when Gabi left...almost.
Benji came in and made his way over to my desk, glancing at the dresser as he passed. “Do I even want to know?”
“I was looking for something.”
He plopped down in the desk chair and started a slow spin, eyeballing me with each pass.
“What, Benj?”
“Why’s there have to be a what? Can’t I just enjoy the company of my friend?”
“I know you, that’s why. Go ahead with whatever remark you think is so clever.”
He stopped spinning and faced me. “First of all, I am clever. And I was just going to say...it was cool seeing Gabi again.”
I sat waiting for his punchline.
Instead he picked up a magazine and flipped through it.
“Yeah it was. Wish I’d gotten to chill with her longer though.” And explain myself. I couldn’t blame her if she hated my guts after I’d all but abandoned her. Scratch that, that’s exactly what I’d done. I’d never considered what my separation would do to her. I’d let my pain make me selfish.
“If only the ol’ ball and chain hadn’t shown up.”
“Benj...” I hated when he insinuated that I was somehow whipped by Brooke, which was far from being the case. I just got tired of her drama and liked to avoid it when necessary.
He flashed that stupid goofy grin of his. “Just sayin.’”
I gave him a hard stare to let him know it was time to drop the subject, which he of course pretended not to notice.
“I know you like to ignore this little fact because she’s your girlfriend, but…Brooke is a bitch. Hopefully one day, sooner rather than later, you’ll realize that and drop her ass.”
Pushing out a heavy sigh, I stood and leaned against the dresser. “I know she’s not the easiest person, but she’s not all bad.”
He scoffed and shook his head. “Right.”
It was no secret that Benji didn’t care for Brooke, but that dislike had morphed into hatred a few months ago. Now they couldn’t even be in a room together for five minutes without getting into an argument. The shit was stressful to say the least.
“When you were alone with Gabi and Cam, did they mention what dorm they were in?”
He stared at me for a second, thankfully going along with my subject change, then smiled. “Well at least you got some type of sense.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
Chuckling, he shook his head. “Nothing. And nah, the subject didn’t come up. But maybe you should go back to Angelo’s and look around. Perhaps she left a glass slipper.”
I pushed away from the dresser and headed to the door. “Something’s wrong with you.” I left him chuckling to himself in the room and went to search for Gabi. I needed to make things right.

Chapter Three

Gabi

“It isn’t fair.” I lay back on my bed staring up at the ceiling, a deep ache penetrating my soul.
Cam flopped down next to me and mimicked my position. “What isn’t?”
“He has a girlfriend.”
“And it’s not fair because?”
“Because it isn’t me.”
She turned on her side and lifted a sculpted brow at me. “Didn’t you just say this morning that you weren’t interested in having a boyfriend?”
I stood and sulked over to the window. Somehow the breathtaking view of Juniper Lake further dampened my mood. “He’s not just a boy…he’s Jayson.”
When I’d gotten accepted at RCU, I was excited to come back to River Crest. Even more so at the slim possibility that Jay would be here. Now I’d give anything to be back in Chicago away from the heartache.
“Is he your ex or something?”
“No, we were just...really good friends.” Best friends.
“But you’re in love with him.”
I faced her, leaning against the windowsill. “I don’t know. It’s been three years. He could be a different person now.” Who was I kidding? When our eyes met, I was that helplessly in love fourteen-year-old girl all over again. Only this time I realized it would never be mutual. When he’d kissed her... I tugged at my necklace, grasping it in my fist like part of me wanted to rip it away and fling it into an ocean. “I hoped I’d have a chance to figure it out, but now...”
“But now what?”
“He has a girlfriend.”
“And?” She pulled her feet up and sat with her legs crossed. “A girlfriend isn’t a wife. Besides, did you see the same girl I did? She seems bitchy, and that voice.” She pretended to shiver and I couldn’t help but laugh.
“So, because she’s annoying, I should try to steal her boyfriend?”
“Of course not. Just wait a little while, those types of relationships crash and burn.”
I took a seat on the trunk at the foot of my bed, still twisting at the chain around my neck. “So, I sit patiently and bide my time until he gets tired of her?”
“No, you sit patiently until he figures out whom he really wants.”
“And what makes you think that’s me?”
A smile crept across her face. “I just have a feeling.” She hopped up, then dragged me to my feet. She was strong for such a tiny little thing. “Come on.”
“Where are we going?”
“Nowhere.” She skipped over to the stereo we’d set up, and a few seconds later ’Piano’ by Ariana Grande played through the speakers. “We’re dancing.”
I stood with my arms folded while she wiggled her hips to the music. “I’m not in the mood to dance.”
“Come on,” she said pulling me to the middle of the floor then dancing around me. “It’ll make you feel better.”
I doubted that was possible, but her smile was infectious, and soon I was laughing and moving along to the beat.
We danced around the room and got busy unpacking. I finished long before her, so using some of my mom’s super organization skills, I helped Cam find room for most of her things.
When night fell, Cam got glammed up and left to hunt for a party. I stayed behind and curled up in bed with some Thai food and my favorite movie, Love & Basketball.
I used to think me and Jay would be like Quincy and Monica, minus the long break up. So much for that.
After watching the movie twice, I slipped back into Jay’s shirt and lay in bed forcing the tears not to fall. When had I become such a crybaby? I lifted the shirt collar and inhaled the scent of his cologne, trying to put a positive spin on the situation. Sure, the boy…man I was hopelessly, completely, irrevocably, in love with was unavailable, but hey, at least I had my best friend back. Because that’s exactly the role I wanted Jayson to play, not. 
As the first tear broke free, I found myself wishing death on whoever the liar was who’d said ’time heals all.’

~ * ~

Forty-eight hours had passed since my life got flipped turned upside down and I’d yet to catch even another glimpse of Jay. If not for the shirt currently enveloping me I’d swear I dreamt the whole thing. Over the past couple of sleepless nights, I’d spent a lot of time contemplating if that would be so bad. At least then there’d be no ache in my chest from yet another shattered heart. 
The rest of my time had been focused on wishing I hadn’t come back here. I could’ve been in California right now instead of one of the coldest states in the Midwest on a maybe. Even if Jay was single, it still wasn’t a guarantee that he’d be with me. I must have been delusional to think so.
In the contemplative silence of my dorm, and now the bench in the courtyard, I’d finally come to terms with the truth behind my single status all throughout high school. A truth I’d denied to myself time and time again. That someway, somehow, Jay and I would be in each other’s lives again. That our friendship would blossom into something else. That he’d pick up that damn phone and call me. Message me. Tweet me. Something!
And yeah, I could’ve took the initiative, looked him up. A few times I actually had, the looking anyway. But when it came time for the messaging, I’d always chickened out. Afraid of what he’d say, or worse, that he wouldn’t respond at all. How pathetic was I, wrapped up in a childhood crush who probably hadn’t thought about me once? He’d stopped calling, so our friendship couldn’t have been all that important to him.
In the weeks before accepting my admittance at RCU, I’d gone back and forth so many times. In the end, I’d justified it as needing closure. Besides, what were the chances he’d still be here anyway? Turns out, very likely.
Blowing out a hard breath, I tried to focus on the book I was reading, or at least attempting to. The glare from the sun wasn’t making it easy.
“I’ve been looking for you everywhere. “
My heart constricted at the deep voice coated in silk, only to be followed up by a series of palpitations. I raked my gaze upward until it landed on a dark brown face framed with a neatly trimmed goatee. The sun caught his pecan colored eyes, causing a sparkle that would’ve made Edward Cullen jealous. “H-hi. Guess you found me.”
My eyes stayed glued to Jay as he sunk down beside me on the bench and smiled, flaunting a set of dimples so deep I could swim in them.
His gaze shifted from me to the book that sat in my lap. He pushed the cover up and examined it. “All That and a Bag of Chips. Interesting title. Any good?”
I nodded, keeping my eyes anywhere but on his, and closed the book. “So…you were looking for me?”
“Yeah. I wanted to apologize for what happened at Angelo’s the other day. I don’t know if you heard – ”
“Her call me a bitch?” I finally looked up at him and found his jaw a bit slack.
He closed his eyes and pushed out a sigh before continuing. “Yeah. I’m sorry about that. Brooke can be a little…territorial.”
“It’s okay. You don’t have to explain.”
His eyes searched over mine and then he gave a single nod. A weird silence loomed over us. One that told of many things left unsaid.
Jay cleared his throat while strumming his fingers on his thigh. “So, uh, three years, huh? Sure doesn’t feel like it. Seems like just yesterday you were trying to kill Benji for throwing your bra up a tree.”
My stomach knotted from laughing so hard at Benji’s past antics. “Ooohh, that boy used to get on my nerves. I don’t know why you always brought him with you when you came over. Like you weren’t aggravating enough on your own.”
His smile dropped, bringing his laughter to an abrupt halt. “Me? Aggravating?”
“Yeah you.”
He reared his head back with both brows lifted. “Says the girl who spent a week tackling me at random or was constantly jumping on my back and biting my ears. You were abusive,” he finished with a chuckle
Giggling, I shifted on the bench so I faced him. “I remember no such thing.”
He looked me up and down then smirked. “Sure you don’t, Mike Tyson.”
I made a face and stuck out my tongue. “Anyway.”
“Yeah anyway, abuser. How’s life been? Still that tough girl I remember?”
I took my time mulling over his questions. How’s life been? Besides lonely? Well, after I left and you abandoned me, I never made another friend like you. Associates, maybe. People to hang out with, sure. But not once have I been able to replace the friendship we once shared.
“It’s been pretty good, I guess. I’ve mellowed that’s for sure. Trying to be more ‘zen’ now. What about you?”
He shrugged. “Nothing too exciting. High school was fun. Graduated Valedictorian.”
I nodded, pulling a strand of hair between my lips. I was more than a little curious about his relationship, which he failed to mention in the rehashing of our lives apart, but asking would be prying into his business.
Before I could speak again, his phone rang.
I sat, gnawing on my hair while he answered.
“Hey, Pops. What’s up? No, I didn’t forget. Yeah. Alright, I’m leaving now.” He hung up then gave me an apologetic look. “I gotta get going. My dad needs me to do something for him.”
“Okay. Guess I’ll see you later then.”
Our eyes met for a moment, his unreadable. His lips twitched like he was about to say something, instead he smiled and took my hand in his and gave it a gentle squeeze. “See you later.”
Sweet electricity danced through my fingers and up my arm. “Later.” Wait didn’t I already say that?
He stood and just like that he was gone.

~ * ~

Apparently ‘later’ meant never because even more days had passed and no more Jay. Maybe it was better this way. Out of sight out of mind, right? I laughed at that notion while stepping into my dorm room.
I paused at the door, shaking my head at my roommate. I’d been for a run, came back to shower, attended a campus safety seminar and she was still knocked out cold. She’d been out every night for almost a week, partying until the wee hours. Each morning when I woke at five for my run, she’d be just getting in.
It was now past ten, and she lay on top of her covers, still in her clothes from the night before. She was going to have a hard time with class if this continued.
I went over to the bed and shook her. If we were going to be friends, I had to at least try to get her on the right track. When she didn’t stir, I shook a bit harder and called her name.
Her lids lifted just a bit before she squeezed them shut and groaned. “What?”
“Wake up.”
“Why?” She turned her back to me and covered her head with a pillow.
“Because classes start in a week and you need to learn to get up earlier.”
She mumbled something beneath the pillow that I couldn’t make out. Cursing me to hell, I figured.
I snatched the pillow away, getting a glare for my effort. “Get up.”
“Gabi!” she whined then poked out her lip.
“Cammie.” I left her and went over to the window and opened the blinds. “Up.”
“I hate you so much right now.” She swung her feet over the side of the bed and folded her arms like a child.
“Yeah, yeah. You’ll thank me later.” I headed into the bathroom, my hair was long overdue for a wash and deep condition.
No sooner than I closed the door, it opened again. Cam came in, forced me out, and closed the door in my face.
“Hey! Rude!” I stood fuming on the other side.
A minute later she came back out, brushing past me with a smirk on her face. “What? I had to pee.” She stuck her tongue out at me then fell back into bed.
She was so lucky I liked her. I grabbed my hair washing clothes and went back in, locking the door this time. After collecting my supplies, I jumped in the shower ready to wrangle my stubborn locks.
An hour later, I stared in the mirror cursing my genes. I didn’t understand it. My mother’s hair was always smooth and flawless, never a strand out of place. I’m sure flat ironing had something to do with it, but even that didn’t work on my tangled mess for more than a day. Neither did a blow dryer. It wasn’t like the commercials where women blow dried their hair, turning it silky smooth and sleek. No, blow dryers hated me. I looked like Cousin It had discovered electricity.
Maybe Cam could do something with it. Her go-to style was a sew-in, which I wasn’t a huge fan of, but I’d take that over Ms. Frizzle.
I stepped out of the bathroom, stopping with my hand still on the knob. Balloons hovered in several places, and a cake with yellow frosting sat on my dresser.
Cam sat on the edge of her bed with a goofy grin on her face.
“Cam…what did you do?” I tried to smile at her, appreciating the gesture, but I wasn’t too keen on surprises, especially ones that involved my birthday.
She threw her hands up in mock surrender. “Don’t look at me. I didn’t even know it was your birthday.”
“Then who –”
She nodded toward the window, still grinning.
I looked over my shoulder and my heart dang near sprang from my chest. Jay leaned against the wall near the window with his hands shoved in his pockets. He looked all kinds of yummy in a crisp white t-shirt and matching shorts, a gorgeous contrast to his deep chocolate skin. When we were younger I’d thought he was cute, adorable even. This man before me was not cute, and there was nothing adorable about him. He dripped sex appeal, and I wanted to catch each drop on the tip of my tongue.
He smiled at me, revealing those caverns he called dimples.
Had I not been holding on to the door I would have swooned. I tore my eyes away from him and found a spot on the floor to keep myself from staring, or drooling rather. “Hi, Jayson.”
“Hey, Little Red.” His voice moved closer, and before I could prepare myself, his arms wrapped around me.
There was that electricity again, coursing through my body without relent. This hug was different from the one at Angelo’s. Longer, tighter, I clung to him. Then he let go, leaving me empty and cold.
When his gaze drifted to my hair I wished I could disappear. I’d forgotten how much of a mess I looked. Not only my hair, but also my attire. A pair of worn cotton shorts and a tank top, with no bra. Kill me now.
He dug his fingers into my hair and massaged my scalp with a big smile on his face. “Frizzy.”
One action, one word, seemed to squash every insecurity I had about my hair. I bit my tongue to stifle a moan as his warm fingertips moved against my scalp. Don’t stop doing that. Don’t ever stop.
He stopped. 
“I feel like an idiot. We’ve talked twice and both times I forgot to get your number. I had a hell of a time finding you. You’d think a tall, redheaded black girl would be easy to spot. I’m sure I asked about a hundred people about you before I finally ran into Cam yesterday.”
I glanced over my shoulder, giving her the evil eye. “She didn’t tell me she saw you.”
“I asked her not to say anything. I wanted to surprise you.” He took my hand, giving it a gentle squeeze, and making the million butterflies in my stomach take flight.
“You did. Thank you.” I bit my lip and fixed my stare on his chest. Only Jay had the ability to make me love something I hated. Growing up, birthdays had been depressing. My dad tried his best, throwing me a party every year, but nothing could fill the void left by my mother always being too busy to attend.
“No problem at all, Little Red. So, how does it feel to finally be eighteen?”
I shrugged. “Okay, I guess. I don’t feel any different.” I looked around the room again and smiled at all the decorations. “I can’t believe you did all this for me.”
“Why not? You’re still my best friend.”
Yay me.
He draped his arm over my shoulder and led me over to the cake. My name was scrawled across the top in orange frosting, my favorite color.
“It’s lemon,” he said, smiling down at me.
I wasn’t big on baked goods, but I had a weakness for double lemon cake. It was amazing how he remembered all the little things. He really hadn’t changed. “Thank you.”
“No problem.” He bent his head and planted a kiss on my cheek, setting my skin ablaze.
I almost smiled until I remembered those lips I craved belonged to another. Dammit, it wasn’t fair.
“You okay?” His brows knitted together as he looked me over.
I forced a smile and nodded.
A throat cleared in the background. I’d forgotten Cam was even in the room. “I’m going to jump in the shower then I’ll be out of your hair.” She grabbed a change of clothes then disappeared into the bathroom.
Jay sat on the edge of my bed and patted the spot next to him.
I sat down, but left a good two feet between us even though all I wanted was to have his arms around me again.
He lifted an orange gift bag from the floor and handed it to me. “Happy birthday.”
I peeked in the bag, and couldn’t have contained my smile if I wanted to. I dug inside, and pulled out an assortment of DVDs. A few of them were my favorite movies, most of which I already owned, but I kept that to myself. On the bottom of the stack was a game. I glanced up at him then back to the case. He remembered.
“I wasn’t sure what to get you so I shopped for the old Gabi. Do you like it?”
I tackled him with a hug, squeezing his neck. “I love it.”
After letting him go, I held the Donkey Kong Country game to my chest. I was obsessed with the original until my younger brother had broken my SNES. The version Jay had gotten me was for Wii, but I’m sure it would be just as fun. “Thanks, Jay. I don’t have a Wii though, so we won’t be able to play it.”
“I have mine in my dorm. You can come over anytime and play it there.” His eyes met mine with the twinkle of a smile.
I dropped my gaze, smiling at the thought of hanging out with him more. Even though I couldn’t be with him, I still cherished our friendship, and I’d missed it. I’d take Cam’s advice and wait it out. Maybe one day...
In my day dreaming stupor, I almost missed him handing me something else. “You got me an iPod too?”
He chuckled. “No, goofy. I made a playlist for you. Do you have a dock?”
I nodded and pointed across the room. “What songs are on it?”
“You’ll see.” He went over to the stereo and placed his iPod into the docking station. “I remember you used to like music from the late 80’s and early 90’s so...” He pressed play and the beat to ‘Poison’ by Bell Biv Devoe blasted from the speakers.
I squealed and hopped up on the bed. “I love this song.”
Jay kicked off his sneakers and climbed up next to me. We jumped on the bed, dancing and singing the lyrics just like when we were kids. And just like that our bond restored itself.
Whenever we’d done this at my house, my mom would yell that we were too old to jump on the bed. I could sort of understand her point, especially after the time the bedframe broke and I almost busted my head open.
Cam emerged from the bathroom looking flawless as usual. She wore a pale yellow sundress that showed an abundance of cleavage, so much in fact, that if she bent over everything just might come spilling out.
I gave a discreet glance at Jay and was happy to see that his eyes were on me and not Cam’s chest.
She looked up at us and shook her head. “Well kids, I’m off. Have fun, Gabi.” She gave me a sly wink before heading out the door.
Jay took my hand and twirled me around. “So what do you wanna do first? We can watch some movies, keep dancing, order some food, or stuff our faces with cake.”
I giggled while jumping and spinning at the same time. “Cake!”
“Cake it is.” He hopped down and went to grab it. After cutting us both huge pieces, he handed me mine and wandered back over to sit at the desk with his. “You’re going to keep jumping while you eat?”
“Yup.” I stuffed a forkful in my mouth and moaned. So good.
“Well, when you throw up make sure you aim that way.” He pointed behind me then turned to his cake.
Half way through the playlist, and a second piece of cake, I lay back on the bed rubbing my stomach and groaning.
Jay plopped down next to me and I thought for sure the cake would come spewing back out. “I tried to warn you.”
“Shut up, Meany.” I stuck my tongue out and turned away from him.
He leaned over me, his face hovering over mine. “I can go get you some Pepto-Bismol if you want.” He rested his chino my shoulder and rubbed my stomach for me. To him the act was innocent, at least I’m pretty sure it was. My thoughts however, were not so pure. My shirt grazed my hardened nipples and heat rushed between my legs.
Wiggling away from him, I sat up and pulled my knees to my chin. “I’m okay. Let’s watch a movie now.” Hopefully it would distract me from all the unintentional things he was doing to make me want him even more.
“Love & Basketball?”
“Actually, I was thinking something with action.” A romantic movie probably wasn’t a good idea right now.
“I, Robot?”
I grinned. “That would be perfect.”
After putting the movie in, he came back and sat on the bed with his back against the headboard.
I stayed put.
“Best friend,” he sang. “Come sit with me.”
I scooted back until I was at his side, every part of us from our legs to our shoulders touched.
He laid his arm over my shoulder again and pressed play. This was going to be a long movie. Everything he was doing were the same moves a guy would use when trying to get into a girl’s pants. Somehow, I knew that wasn’t the case with Jay, which only made my feelings for him strengthen. “Hey, remember our late night movie sessions in high school?”
You mean the ones where you’d do the same thing you’re doing now and I’d spend the whole movie wishing you’d kiss me, but you never did? Yup, clear as day. ”Yeah, I remember.”
He laughed while skipping through the previews. “You never paid attention. I used to have to rewind the movie like twenty times because you missed something.”
I closed my eyes for a minute, trying not to focus on his warm hand resting on my arm. The muscles in my back ached from sitting so stiff and his chest looked so comfy. It wouldn’t be the first time we’d cuddled that way while watching a movie. Albeit he was much skinnier back then. I stared at his pecs with as much discretion as possible, wondering how firm they were.
My rigid spine screamed at me, and I finally gave in and laid my head on his chest. Firm, with just enough cushion. I draped one arm over his stomach and snuggled close.
He scooched down to accommodate me and tucked a pillow behind his back. “I forgot to ask, what’s your major?”
I smiled listening to his heart beat. “Astrophysics.”
“Nice.” He gave me a quick squeeze and chuckled. “My little astrophysicist.”
“What’s yours?”
“You already know.”
Jay had known he wanted to be a doctor since he was thirteen when we had a job fair at school. He had such a big heart, I knew he’d be great at it. “Have you decided on a specialty yet?”
“No, but I’m sure it’ll come to me soon. Hopefully before it’s time for my internship.”
The room fell silent as we got lost in Will Smith kicking robot butt on the TV screen.
A vibration startled me awake. Lifting my head, I searched the room with sleepy eyes. I didn’t remember falling asleep but I’d somehow ended up with my head on Jay’s lap.
He chuckled and reached into his pocket, retrieving his phone.
“Not funny.”
I sat up while he checked his messages. It must not have been good news because the smile fell from his face, taking those dimples with it.
He ran his hand over his tapered hair and sighed. “I have to go.”
“Is it your girlfriend?” I clamped my mouth shut a second too late. I couldn’t believe I’d just asked him that.
He nodded, slipping the phone back into his pocket. “I’m sorry.”
I stared down at my comforter, picking at a loose thread. “It’s okay.”
His arms surrounded me, bringing me closer to him. “We can finish watching the movie tomorrow, no interruptions, I promise.”
I nodded against his chest, my mood dampening as I recalled the last promise he’d made. “Okay.”
“You’re still the most fun person in the world to hang out with.” He nuzzled my hair and kissed my cheek before whispering in my ear, “I’m glad you’re back.”
It all felt so familiar, and I couldn’t help but wonder if the outcome would be the same.
Once he released me from his hold, he scribbled his number on a sheet of paper from the notebook on my nightstand and gave it to me.
I snuggled back into bed, clutching it to my chest while I watched him exit. My heart seized as the door clicked shut behind him.

Chapter Four

Jay

There was an extra pep in my step as I walked back to my dorm whistling ’Candy Rain’ by Soul For Real. I could understand why Gabi preferred old school hip-hop and R&B to the new stuff. Something about the beats and melodies got into your soul and you couldn’t help but sing along.
Hanging with her had been just like old times, when we’d chill out at my house being silly. Spending time at her place had been a rarity, fun seemed to annoy her mother. Then there was the arguing. I was never there when it happened, but whenever her parents fought, no matter what time of day or night, Gabi would sneak out and down the street to my house. From the day we’d meet she’d been tough as nails, but when she’d knock on my window with tears glistening in those big brown eyes, I knew better. I was the only person she allowed to get a glimpse of how fragile she really was.
Countless times she’d curled up in my bed with her face hidden beneath a pillow to muffle her sobs, as if crying was something to be ashamed of.
Each time I’d hold her close, assuring her that none of it was her fault. Gabi had it in her head that she was somehow the root of her parents’ problem. She’d heard her name in an argument once, and since then there was no convincing her otherwise.
I wondered how she’d coped in my absence. Had she found another best friend to replace me with? The thought of someone else holding her close and wiping her tears away made my chest burn. I was supposed to be there for her, but I’d let her down. While at her dorm I hadn’t had the courage to confess my selfish reasons for stopping our communication. In a way I was glad she didn’t bring it up.
I’d wanted to stay with her longer, but of course Brooke had to bring the drama. Between her text threatening me and Benji calling to tell me to come and handle my psycho girlfriend, I didn’t have a choice.
When I reached my door, Brooke was already leaning against it, shooting daggers at me.
She folded her arms and looked me up and down, her mouth in a hard line. “Where have you been all dressed up like that?”
“Just hanging out with some friends.”
She looked like she wanted to challenge me, but thankfully let it go.
I hated lying, but I had a feeling if she knew the friend I was referring to was Gabi, she’d go from model to she-devil in no time flat. Especially if she knew the details of said ‘hanging.’ Being with Gabi had felt so comfortable, just like old times. It wasn’t until Brooke’s text that the guilt settled in. 
Cuddling with Gabi that way, kissing her cheek, had come so naturally. I hadn’t even thought twice about it. I guess the memories had caused me to fall back into old habits. But still that didn’t justify my actions nor settle the churning in my stomach.
I pulled Brooke into a hug and pecked her lips. “How was your day?”
She kissed her teeth. “Fine until I got here. Your cousin is a jackass.”
I almost laughed imagining what Benji had done to piss her off. Shaking my head, I unlocked the door and ushered her in. My hope was for a peaceful evening, but knowing these two…
Benji lounged on his bed, enthralled in Grand Theft Auto, only acknowledging us with a few choice expletives when we passed in front of the TV.
I kicked off my shoes and sat on my bed with my back against the headboard. “What’d you do to Brooke?”
Keeping his attention on the screen, he smirked. “She’s just mad ‘cause I wouldn’t let her ass in.”
“Why not?”
“You were out so I didn’t see any point in her being in here.”
Brooke jutted out her hip and crossed her arms. Attitude should have been her middle name. “And why couldn’t I just come in and wait until he got here?”
“Easy, I don’t like you.” He didn’t even glance away from the TV, as if she were that insignificant in his eyes.
She took a step toward him, but I grabbed her arm and pulled her down on the bed. “Calm down, he’s just joking. Right, Benji?”
Another smirk was his answer.
If looks could kill, Benji’s head would’ve rolled across the floor. Brooke looked away from him and faced me, her eyes wet with tears “Why do you let him treat me this way?”
Here we go. Brooke turned on the water works so often I could collect them all and start a water park. Needless to say, they no longer fazed me. “I don’t let him do anything. I can’t control his actions. That being said, Benj…”
“What?”
“You know what. Could you not?”
He shot me a quick glance while grabbing his drink from beside his bed. “Not what? Tell the truth? Why do I have to like her? She ain’t my girlfriend.”
I sighed, rubbing at the growing tension above my right eye brow. “You don’t have to like her, but you do have to respect her.”
A smug look crossed Brooke’s face and she folded her arms. ”FYI, I don’t like you either.”
Benji chuckled. “Say that again, next time I might actually care.”
“Whatever.” She took off her shoes and pulled her feet up on the bed. “So, where were you today?”
“Just hanging out.”
“With?” She scooted toward me and straddled my lap. Her tighter than spandex skirt rode up her toffee colored thighs as she did. If I angled my head just right, I could probably see her panties.  
I shook my head at her. “You see my cousin sitting in the room, right?
She glanced at him and rolled her eyes. “Ask him to leave.”
Benji scoffed. “I ain’t going nowhere, I’m busy.”
Brooke had this way of looking at people she hated, like she was plotting scenarios of how to kill them in her mind. That was the exact look she gave Benji. “With a video game?”
“Yup.”
She looked to me for help, I just shrugged. “It’s his room too, I can’t force him to leave.” I lifted her from my lap and moved her to the spot beside me.
There I was lying again. I could most definitely get rid of Benji if I wanted to, but I wasn’t in the mood for what Brooke was offering up. Sure, I liked sex. Loved it. And while sex with Brooke was always fulfilling, it seemed to be her favorite pastime as of late. Besides picking fights that is.
Those two things were about all our relationship amounted to these days. Sex. Argue. Argue. Make up sex.  
“What are we supposed to do then?”
“Everything isn’t sex. We can do other things.”
“But we’re so good at it.” She pouted and ran her hand up and down my thigh. When she got no response, she huffed and crossed her arms. “Fine. What can we do then?”
“When Benji’s done, I can teach you to play Call of Duty.”
She gave me a long eye roll. “I don’t play games.”
Her statement elicited a chuckle from Benji. “Could’ve fooled me.”
“You know what? I don’t have to take this.” She climbed from the bed, snatched up her shoes, and marched toward the door. “Call me when your girlfriend is elsewhere.” She stormed out slamming the door behind her.
I shook my head, both at her dramatics and my cousin. “I don’t know rather to hit you or thank you.”
“That’s just sad.”
“What is?”
“You, thanking me for chasing your girlfriend away.”
Standing, I pulled off my shirt and grabbed my poetry book from my desk. “I just didn’t feel like dealing with her drama tonight.”
“That’s even worse. Why are you with someone you can’t even stand being around?”
“Relationships aren’t easy, man. But you wouldn’t know that seeing that you haven’t been in one since you were what? Fifteen?”
“And that’s exactly why. I’m not trying to be in a situation where I grow to hate the person I’m with.”
I tossed the notebook on the bed and lay down on my back. “I don’t hate Brooke.”
“Do you love her?”
I turned my gaze to the window, mulling over his question. Did I? I know I had once. We’d been together so long it was unclear whether I stayed due to my feelings or familiarity. During our split, I’d tried to move on, but couldn’t seem to manage it. I’d spent the months hating her and missing her at the same time. Brooke was my first and only girlfriend. I didn’t know how to be with anyone else, but I knew I didn’t like how being alone felt.
Benji tossed a crumpled chip bag at me, drawing my attention. “If you gotta think that hard about it, there’s your answer. Just drop her evil ass.”
“It’s not that easy.”
“Why the hell not? Call her up and tell her she’s dismissed.”
He just didn’t get it. The way Benji went through women, there was no doubt he left a string of broken hearts behind. That wasn’t me. Although Brooke hadn’t cared about my heart when she’d done what she did, I wasn’t like her. It wasn’t that easy for me. Brooke loved me in her own way. I’d figured that out when she’d begged for my forgiveness. “I promised her I’d try to work things out. It’s only been a few weeks. Things will get better.”
“You honestly believe that? She hasn’t changed, Jay.” He paused the game and turned to face me. “I love you like a brother, hell you basically are. But sometimes I want to smack you upside the head. You don’t owe that girl a damn thing after what she put you through. And she’s lucky I don’t hit women or I’d have punched her ass in the throat.”
I sighed and turned to the ceiling with my eyes closed. “Can we just drop it?”
“Yeah, when you drop her.” He was silent for a while and I hoped he’d yielded to my request. “Speaking of promises. Why keep one to that female dog and not your best friend?”
I opened my eyes and glared at him. That was just low. “Yeah, throw that up in my face. Some brother you are.” I faced the ceiling again, my thoughts drifting to Gabi. “That’s a decision I’ll regret for the rest of my life.”
“As you should. Gabi’s a nice girl. The type you should be with.”
“We’re just friends.”
“Even better. The best marriages start off as friendships.”
Those words seemed awfully familiar. I looked at him from the corner of my eye. “Did my mom tell you to say that?”
“No, I just happen to agree with her. Gabi’s the one for you. Marry her.”
“Just friends, Benj.”
“Whatever you say.”
“Those are big words coming from someone who doesn’t even believe in marriage.”
“Who says I don’t believe in marriage?”
“Your dick for starters, and its need to screw anything moving.” My phone buzzed but I ignored it. Probably just Brooke still pissed about Benji.
“First of all, I make very careful selections. Not every woman is deserving of Benjamin Creed. Second, I have nothing against marriage or relationships for that matter. I just know it won’t ever happen for me. People like me don’t get happy endings, I’m too screwed up. You on the other hand, are the type of guy to be in a relationship for two years with someone who doesn’t deserve you. And I’m hoping the type to dump her and marry your best friend.”
I chose to ignore his third attempt to pitch the idea of Gabi to me. Wasn’t happening.
He grabbed his phone from the foot of his bed and started scrolling through it. “I’m ordering wings. Want some?”
“You know I do.”
“Well, too bad. You didn’t bring me any cake, so you ain’t getting no wings.”
“Whatever. Get barbecue.”
“Nope.”
I listened while he placed the order for two batches, one chipotle and one barbecue.
Gabi’s face floated into my mind again. My mom and Benji needed to stop trying to play matchmaker. Life wasn’t a movie where best friends turned lovers and lived happily ever after. I wasn’t about to jeopardize the greatest friendship on a maybe. Besides the fact that Gabi and I didn’t see each other that way, I wasn’t going to risk losing her again.
My phone buzzed for the second time and I turned it over and saw that I had two text messages from an unknown number. The first was a simple ‘Hey’ and the second a picture of Gabi making a funny face. I laughed at the image of her with her tongue sticking out and her eyes going two different directions. I never understood how she did that. I returned her message with a photo of my own and waited for her reply.
We played who could send the silliest face for a while until she finally relented, giving me victory.
Gabi: Goofball
Me: You started it.
Gabi: Are you busy?
Me: Nah. Chillin’, ‘bout to eat.
Gabi: Please don’t mention food. I’m still full from cake. How are you even hungry?
Me: Big appetite. Plus I didn’t eat as much as you, greedy.
Gabi: :P
Me: Did you enjoy your b-day?
Gabi: Yes! Best ever. Thank you.
We continued to text while I waited for the wings to arrive. I found out she still ran track, but had given up long distance for hurdles.
Twenty minutes later, wings in hand, I called her and put the phone on speaker to avoid getting it sticky. She and Benji were now arguing over which sport was better, track or basketball. He’d said track wasn’t a real sport, and now Gabi was cursing him every way but south.
“Do you know how much leg strength is required for hurdles? How do you train, shoot a few balls in a net?”
Benji hunched over in silent laughter at how riled up Gabi was. We both knew he was just bullshitting to get on her nerves. He’d switched to track junior year of high school and actually ran the same event as her.
“You mean those little ostrich legs of yours?”
“Don’t make me come over there and show you how strong they are by kicking your butt.”
“I’m sure there are plenty of other ways you can show me how strong they are.”
“Eww, Benji.”
I tossed a chicken bone at him. “Too far.”
“What?”
I cleaned my hands and took my phone off speaker. “Sorry about that.”
“He’s nasty.”
“I know. He thinks he can get away with it ‘cause he’s pretty. One of these days someone’s gonna see past those blue eyes and kick his ass.”
“I hope I’m there to watch.”
I laughed at their antics. They’d been getting on each other’s nerves for as long as we’d been friends, but if it came down to it we all knew they’d have each other’s backs. “So, what are you up to this weekend?”
“Prepping for school and some light training.”
“You?”
“Same. But Sunday’s I have breakfast with my parents. Wanna come?”
“If this cake’s digested by then, sure.”
We spent the rest of the day reminiscing and catching up on our lives apart. I woke somewhere around ten with the phone still pressed to my ear and Gabi’s soft breaths on the other side. Not wanting to hang up on her, I put the phone on speaker and laid it on the pillow next to me so I could hear her if she woke up.
I drifted back to sleep with a smile on my face, thinking of how lucky I was to have her in my life again.

~ * ~

Friday afternoon I settled onto the bench press at Carter’s Gym and scanned the area for one of the trainers. From what I could see, they were all busy with other members.
“Need a spot?”
I turned to my left and found Gabi grinning down at me. My gaze slid over the gray beater and basketball shorts she wore before meeting her eyes. “Hey, what are you doing here?”
“Same thing everyone does at the gym, Silly, working out. Just finished some dumbbell lunges. So…any who. You didn’t answer my question. Do you want me to spot you?”
“Uh…” I glanced around the gym again then returned my attention to her. “Actually, I was waiting on one of the trainers.”
“Well, they’re busy. So, I’ll do it.” She popped the top on her water bottle and took a healthy swig.
“Appreciate the offer, but I’m lifting two fifty.”
Her brow lifted at the same time as she lowered her bottle. “Are you trying to call me weak, Mr. Adams?”
“No, Ms. Tanner. I’m saying the spotter has to be able to lift the weight off me if need be. Can you lift two fifty? If so I’d be hella impressed.”
“Well...no, but…” She tugged at the thin silver chain around her neck then stuck her tongue out at me.
I chuckled and grabbed up my own water bottle then stood. “I’ll just work on my abdominals until someone’s free.” I moved over to that area with Gabi close behind. Luckily my favorite machine was available.
She took the one across from me and adjusted the weights before sitting down. A small smirk formed on her face, giving way to a big smile. “Why is that we keep having these random run ins?”
I slid back into position and began my first set. “There’s nothing random about it, Little Red. You’re a stalker.”
Her mouth flopped open and she stopped exercising. “Am not. Besides, the time in the court yard it was you who showed up. Not to mention tracking me down at my dorm. Pretty sure that makes you the stalker in this situation.”
“Yeah, because you being in River Crest is by complete coincidence.”
To that she dropped her gaze and pulled her lower lip between her teeth. “I just really missed it here.”
I watched her for a moment, curious about her change in demeanor. Once upon a time I could read her like a book. That I now couldn’t was troubling. It further solidified an idea I’d been trying to bury for days. Our bond was fractured. I had to find a way to repair it, and fast, because I’d never needed a friend…never needed her as much as I did right now. “I feel you on that. I could travel this whole globe, but I’d always come back here. River Crest is home.”
Her eyes lifted to mine again and she graced me with a smile.
The rest of our workout was filled with jokes and laughter which made it almost impossible to keep count of my reps or exercise at all. When we finished, we both showered at the gym and changed before heading back to the dorms.
About half way there, Gabi fell behind me. Before I could turn to see why, she was on my back with my ear clamped between her teeth.
“Ouch!”
She cackled like a hyena then slid to the ground. “I almost forgot how fun that was.”
I narrowed my eyes at her, fighting a smile while I rubbed my ear. “Yeah, abuse is always fun. I think I’m bleeding.”
Smacking her lips, she reached up and examined my ear. “You are not. What you are though…is still a big baby.” She stuck her tongue out then bolted away from me.
“Oh, now you’re just asking for it.” I dropped both of our gym bags I’d been carrying and took off after her. My laughter came with ease for the first time in weeks, months even.
Our game of chase went on for a few minutes, with me catching up to her a few times only for her to pivot out of my grasp and take off again.
When we finally made it to my dorm Gabi collapsed onto my bed still giggling. Her chest rose and fell with heavy breaths and a bit of sweat glistened on her forehead. “Guess I’m the fastest now.”
“You wish. I could’ve caught you if I really wanted to.”
“Yeah, yeah. Keep telling yourself that.” A few minutes later she slid to the floor and crawled over to the DVD collection stacked beside the dresser. “Wanna watch something?”
“Sure. Your pick.” I settled onto the floor with my back against the bed while she chose a flick then put it in before coming to sit beside me.
As the movie got underway, Gabi rubbed at her calf, a grimace etched on her face.
“You okay?”
“Yeah. Think I pushed myself too hard. Kinda sore.”
“Lemme see.” I draped her leg over mine and massaged the back of her calf just below the bend of her knee. “Right here?”
She nodded, her frown deepening as I pressed my fingers into the stiff muscle. After a few moments, her eyes drifted closed, a tiny moan escaping her lips.
I was pondering over her delicate features when the door swung open and Benji stepped in.
He paused at the door, his brow lifted and a smirk crept over his face. “What ya’ll in here doing?”
“Nothing.” I returned Gabi’s leg to its original position then tucked my hands at my sides.
“Uh huh. Sup, Gabe.”
She rolled her eyes at him then turned her attention to the TV. ”Hey, Benita.”
He smacked his lips as he flopped down on his bed. “Ha ha.”
Gabi frowned at the TV while digging into her gym bag. “I don’t think I could ever do that.”
I glanced at the screen then at her. “Do what?”
“Marry a man who already has kids.” She tore open a bag of freeze dried peaches and popped one in her mouth. “Call me selfish, but I want my husband to be the father of my kids and my kids only. I don’t like sharing.”
“Tell me something I don’t know,” I said reaching for her snack.

~ * ~

Damn the sun. How was a guy supposed to enjoy his Saturday when he got heat stroke the minute he stepped outside? I hated summer, being hot made me irritable, which was why I decided to go for a swim in the lake to cool down.
I stopped walking to pull my shirt over my head then used it to wipe the sweat from my face. When I opened my eyes again, I smiled. I could’ve spotted that hair from a mile away, cascading over her shoulders in all its frizzy glory.
Gabi walked down the beach dressed in a light purple bikini top and a pair of white cotton shorts. She hadn’t noticed me yet, so I waited for her to pass then followed. Now was the perfect opportunity to get her back for that little surprise attack the day before.
I crept behind her, hoping she didn’t spot me before I could strike. When I was close enough, I grabbed her waist and growled in her ear.
She screamed and leapt away from me. I couldn’t help but laugh at her angry face when she turned around. Intimidating…not. When she noticed it was me, her gaze softened, but she smacked my chest, hard. “That is not funny!” She tried to hide her amusement, but a smile peeked through. “Jerk.”
“Love you, too.”
She made a face at me in response, and stuck out her tongue.
“Calling me names and making faces? I think someone needs a whooping.” I dropped my shirt to the sand and took a step toward her.
She took one back. “Don’t you dare.”
I moved closer still and bent down to grab her legs. She screamed and giggled as I threw her over my shoulder and took off toward the water. “No, Jay! I don’t want lake water in my hair!”
I ignored her cries and kept running. When I was knee deep in the lake, I dropped her in with a big splash.
She kicked around screaming and laughing. “I’m gonna kill you. Right after I make you shampoo my hair.”
That didn’t sound like a bad idea. I’d always loved her hair, so running my fingers through it sounded quite appealing. A huge splash hit my face, and once my vision cleared, I spotted Gabi swimming further out. She was begging for it.
I chased her, ducked beneath the surface, grabbed hold of her calf, and pulled her under. Rays of sun penetrated the water, lighting up her hair. My Little Mermaid smiling at me and crossing her eyes made my day.
I forgot all about the scorching heat as we laughed and played in Juniper Lake. Our spot. I couldn’t believe how alive I felt, it was almost like we were kids again. The sun was beginning to sink toward the horizon before we finally got out of the water and fell onto the sand. 
We sat there together talking, stopping only long enough to marvel at the dazzling sunset as the fragments of our friendship slowly fell back into place. After the final rays of light disappeared, we headed back to the campus, reminiscing on days’ past. I had only one thought as we parted ways and I headed to my dorm. Best day ever.

Chapter Five

Gabi

Early Sunday morning I slid into Jay’s truck with what seemed to be my permanent traveling companions, the couple thousand butterflies in my stomach. You’d think after two days of hanging out they would’ve calmed down by now. But no, just the thought of him sent the winged creatures into a tizzy.
Jay shut the door behind me and went around to his side. I took the opportunity to admire the interior of his ride. One of those little tree air fresheners hung from the rearview mirror filling the car with the scent of pine. Everything was immaculate, not even a particle of dust on the dash board.
Something shifted behind me, and I almost leapt back out until I realized it was only Benji. He lay across the back seat with a ball cap over his face.
When Jay climbed in and smiled at me, revealing those sinfully sexy dimples, the thoughts in my head came spilling from my mouth before I could stop them. “I like your smile.”
It widened, sinking his dimples further than I thought possible. For a brief second I wondered how far I could stick the tip of my tongue inside. I whipped my head toward the front window and captured a strand of my hair between my teeth. What in the world was wrong with me? Down girl. He’s spoken for.
“I like yours, too.” He flipped on the AC then pulled out of his spot and toward the exit of the parking lot. “You look nice today.”
I glanced down at my pale purple, spaghetti strap top and jean shorts and smiled. I rarely did ‘girly’, but I’d chosen my ensemble hoping it would catch Jay’s eye. Just because I was trying to be patient and wait for him to see me as someone other than his best friend, didn’t mean I couldn’t do everything in my power to make sure that happened. “Thank you.”
“I see you straightened your hair.”
“Yeah.” I ran my fingers through my bone straight tresses, which had taken over two hours to accomplish, and smiled when they didn’t snag any tangles. “I needed a break from all the frizz.”
He glanced at me from the corner of his eye, and then returned his attention to the street. “I don’t know, I kind of like frizzy Gabi.”
“Don’t worry, she’ll be back tomorrow.”
“I think you look nice either way.”
“Do ya’ll mind flirting later?” Benji called from the back seat. “I’m trying to sleep.”
Jay stopped hard at the intersection.
Benji’s arms were folded so he didn’t have time to catch himself before he rolled onto the floor between the front and back seats. “Man, fuck you, Jay.”
Close to an hour later, we pulled up to Jay’s parents’ house. Benji hopped out before the car was in park and jogged up to the door.
Jay chuckled at his crazy cousin before turning to me. “My mom’s excited to see you. I think she missed you more than I did. When you left, she said she felt like she’d lost a daughter.”
“Aww, I always loved your mom. I used to wish she was mine.”
“I know you and your mom aren’t the closest, but you should try to get along with her more.”
“Trust me, I’ve tried.  Because I’m not feminine enough and prefer science over cooking, nothing I do is good enough for her. Sometimes I feel like we’re from two different planets.”
“I know. But just try okay? For me.” He grasped my hand and gave it a gentle squeeze.
When I looked up at him he was staring out the front window. The sparkle that usually danced in his eyes was absent. “What’s wrong?”
“I need to tell you something before we go in.”
“What is it?”
His eyes stayed fixed on the window, and he squeezed my hand once more. He opened his mouth, and then closed it again, his Adam’s apple bobbing as he took several swallows. “When you see my mom, don’t be alarmed if she looks different. She’s been sick lately.”
“Sick? Sick how?” His somber tone thickened the air around us. What could it be that had him the on verge of tears?
He turned to face me but didn’t meet my gaze. “She has ovarian cancer.”
I sat there for a moment with my fingers pressed against my lips. Mrs. Adams was the sweetest woman in the world. She’d been the one to help me through my first period when my own mother had been too busy to notice. She’d encouraged me to go out for track when I was nervous I wouldn’t make the team. When I’d sneak into Jay’s room to escape my hell at home, she’d always turned a blind eye, and on a few occasions even brought us breakfast the next morning. Why did life always screw over the good people?
My heart constricted at the thought of a world without her. It wasn’t fair. I could only imagine what Jay was feeling. I lifted the center console and moved closer to wrap him in my arms. “I’m so sorry.”
He hugged me back in silence, laying his cheek atop my head while mine pressed against his chest. His soft sniffles broke my heart and I squeezed him tighter, repaying him for all the times he’d done so for me.
I moved back just enough to wipe his tears away with my thumbs. This was the first time I’d seen him as anything besides my rock. I guess boys really did cry too.
He pulled away and scrubbed the remaining tears with the back of his hand. “I’m okay.”
He wasn’t, but I nodded anyway and took his hand. “Can we go see her now?”
“Yeah, but try not to get too emotional if you can. I don’t want to put any stress on her.”
We got out of the car and made our way up the walk hand in hand. The scent of spiced sausage hit us when we were half way there, causing my mouth to water. My mom would faint if she found out I preferred Mrs. Adam’s cooking over hers. It was more down home, while my mother’s belonged in the category of fine dining. It wasn’t bad, I just preferred my food...simple.
Jay led me through the house and to the kitchen where Benji was already seated at the table with his plate piled high. When Mrs. Adams turned from the stove to greet us, my heart sank. A silk scarf covered her head, the long braids she’d once worn, gone. Dark circles rimmed her hazel eyes and her high cheekbones were more prominent than they used to be.
She beamed when she saw me, her smile revealing where Jay had inherited his dimples. “Gabi! My goodness I thought my son had brought home a model for a minute. You’re gorgeous, baby.”
My face heated up a few degrees. I hated compliments, I couldn’t help but blush at them. “Thank you, Mrs. Adams.” She came closer, looking me over. I was doing good keeping my word with Jay until her frail arms wrapped around me. A lump formed in my throat, I tried to swallow it down, but a sob escaped instead.
She rubbed big circles on my back and rocked me back and forth. “It’s okay, my sweet girl.”
“I’m sorry.” I held her as tight as I could without fear of breaking her.
“Don’t be. It’s okay to be sad.”
I sniffled a few more times before releasing her. There was a light in her eyes that couldn’t be denied. She was resilient. She’d beat this. She had to.
Jay hugged me sideways and placed a kiss on my temple.
His mom raised a brow and he dropped his arm, putting a foot of space between us. What was that about?
Mrs. Adams went over to Jay and they shared a hug. “How’s my handsome son?”
“I’m good Ma, same as last week. How are you feeling?” He leaned back and examined her from head to toe.
She waved him away and headed back to the stove. “I’m fine. Now sit, eat. I didn’t spend the morning over a hot stove for all this food to go to waste.”
He sat across from Benji, but his eyes stayed on her. “You shouldn’t be at a hot stove, Ma. Why don’t you sit down and relax?”
“I said I’m fine, Jayson. Besides, I like cooking for my boys.” She ruffled Benji’s hair as she passed him.
“Come on, Auntie.” He ran his fingers through the tight ringlets on his head, trying to get them back in place.
The front door closed, and a few seconds later Mr. Adams entered the kitchen carrying a jug of milk. His face lit up when he saw me standing next to Jay. I was halfway in my seat when he sat the milk down and pulled me into a hug, lifting me from my feet. What was it with Adams’ men and picking people up?
“Little Gabrielle.” He sat me down and turned to Jay. “Boy, when you gonna marry this girl so I can have me a beautiful daughter-in-law?”
My eyes darted from Jay to his father, then mother. Both were looking at him expectantly, but he kept his gaze glued to his empty plate. I knew his parents liked me, but they’d shipped us? Judging by his actions, Jay was against the idea. He didn’t even glance at me or make a peep.
I swallowed down the lump forming in my throat and smiled up at Mr. Adams. “Jay and I are just friends.”
He twisted his mouth to the side, looking down at Jay again. “That’s the same thing Nicolette said. Look at us now, twenty-two years strong.” Rounding the table, he went to his wife and wrapped his arms around her from behind.
She leaned into him and stared into his loving eyes. After two decades, they were still madly in love. It was the way they looked at each other, like they were the only two who existed in space and time.
I couldn’t help wondering if Jay would ever look at me that way. I glanced over at him as I took my seat. He was busy piling food onto his plate. I pushed my thoughts of him, of us, away as best I could, and focused on the lovely breakfast Mrs. Adams prepared.
The conversation was lighthearted and easy as always. From the moment I came into their lives the Adam’s had been like a second family to me. We discussed the coming semester and Jay’s aspirations to make it to the Olympics one day. Benji was quiet most of the time, and vanished at some point, leaving just me, Jay, and his parents.
Mr. Adams poured himself some orange juice then turned his attention to me. “How are you enjoying being back in River Crest? As good as you remember?”
“Better. I missed it here. Things moved too fast in Chicago.”
He nodded in agreement. “Did you have a lot of friends there? Or a boyfriend perhaps?”
I shrugged. “I hung out with a few people but I wouldn’t call them friends.”
“So, no boyfriend?”
Wow, he was really pressing this boyfriend issue. “I dated a bit but nothing too serious. I’m not seeing anyone now either,” I said before he asked.
“Oh?” He sat forward and rested his hands on the table. “That’s interesting, because Jay’s not dating anyone either.”
I frowned and looked over at Jay. “What about –” Jay grabbed my hand under the table and shook his head.
“What about who?” His father asked.
Jay kept his head bowed and said nothing.
“Jayson.” Mr. Adams voice was stern as was his gaze that bored into Jay.
Jay spoke without meeting his father’s eyes. “Brooke and I are back together.”
A loud cough caused everyone to turn their attention to Mrs. Adams. She leaned over in her chair, hacking and holding her chest.
Jay rushed over to her and kneeled on the floor in front of her chair.
Mr. Adams helped her to stand and glared at his son. “Now look, you’ve gone and upset your mother.” He rubbed small circles on her back and led her towards the stairs. “Why don’t you lie down for a while, sweetheart?”
Jay ran his hands over the top of his head as he watched them retreat.
I leaned against the fridge, giving him some space, while I pondered over why he wouldn’t want his parents to know about his relationship. I hadn’t let the fact slip by that he’d said they were back together, which meant they’d spent some time apart. Whether recently or not, they’d broken up and I was eager to know why.
Just like the doting son and sweetheart he was, Jay stayed and cleaned the entire kitchen, with my help of course, before we went up to relax in his room. It was almost identical to the last time I’d been inside. Well, except for the brown skinned, bikini clad models replacing a few posters of his favorite track stars. Okay, then.
Jay sat down at his desk and I took a seat on the bed, far far away. “So, what was all that about? Your parents don’t like your girlfriend?”
He sighed, pivoting back and forth in the chair. “It’s a long, complicated story.”
“Well, I don’t have any other plans today. You?”
He looked at me with a lopsided frown. “I don’t wanna tell you.”
Talk about a knife to the heart. We’d never kept secrets before I left. The ache in my chest was a painful reminder that as much as I wanted them to be, things just weren’t the same anymore. The Langoliers had eaten away our yesterdays and there was no getting them back. “Why not?”
He stared at the carpet instead of me, tightening the vice grip on my heart. “You’ll think I’m an idiot like everyone else.”
“Why would I think that?”
He met my gaze for a moment before dropping it back to the floor. “Because I pretty much am.”
I wanted to go to him, lift his head and make him look at me, see me. Instead I stayed put. “I won’t think any less of you.”
Leaning his forearms on his knees, he looked up at me, biting down on the side of his bottom lip. “A few months ago…Brooke cheated on me with some meat-head on the football team.” His nostrils flared as he relived his heartache.
I could stomp a hole in her for the pain she’d caused him. Why was he still with her? She didn’t deserve him.
He leaned back in his chair again and crossed his arms over his chest. “We went our separate ways for a while, and then we ran into each other a few weeks ago. She showed me a whole new side of her. Said she’d done a lot of soul searching during our break and asked me if we could try again.”
“So, you forgave her?”
He nodded.
“But why? After what she did to you?”
“I loved her.”
My heart sank to the pit of my stomach, shattered into a million pieces. I stared down at my high tops. I couldn’t let him see my face because if he did, he’d see the tears that were threatening. And if he saw them, he’d ask me what was wrong, and I couldn’t answer that question. The room was silent for a long time, until it dawned on me... “You used past tense.”
His gaze lifted from his lap, a frown furrowing his brow. “What?”
“You said you loved her. Do you still?”
He pressed his lips together and leaned his chin on his fist. “I’m still trying to figure that out.”
I felt just a teensy bit guilty for how happy that made me. But if he wasn’t even sure of his feelings for her, perhaps there was still a chance. My heart slowly rebuilt itself, but there was still one more thing I needed an answer to before I dared to hope. “Can I ask you something?”
“Anything.”
“Why’d you stop calling?”
He stared at me for a long while, and for a moment I thought he wasn’t going to answer, then he smiled. Just a small one, no teeth, and unfortunately no dimples. “Come here.”
I rose from the bed and went to stand in front of him.
Taking my hand, he pulled me down onto his lap.
I couldn’t help the gasp that escaped me. My heart thundered in my chest at our closeness. His lips were mere inches from me, I could almost taste them.
His strong arms wrapped around my waist, holding me close. “Remember when you first left?”
I nodded, afraid of what my lips would do if I moved them.
“How did you feel?”
I looked into his eyes, unsure of where he was going with this. “Sad.”
“What about when I called, how did you feel when you heard my voice?”
“I was always happy when you called, why?”
“And at the end of the conversation, when we’d hang up knowing we wouldn’t be seeing each other the next day, or ever again?”
My throat tightened at the old memories he’d dredged up, ones that had never ceased to hurt. Ones of me wanting so much to hate him for abandoning me, but loving him too damn much to accomplish it. I didn’t realize I was crying until the pad of his thumb caressed my cheek, brushing away a hot tear.
“That’s the one.” He held my gaze and wiped away more of the tears that continued to fall. “I’m not ashamed to admit I cried. My heart ached every time we spoke. It killed me only being able to talk to you and not have you around me, to chill, or be together. I didn’t want to feel that pain anymore. I wanted all of you, not just a piece. I thought severing ties would make it go away but it only got worse. Every day a little more of me died. By the time I made up my mind to accept you any way I could have you, it was too late, your number had changed. I did an incredibly selfish thing, and I wouldn’t blame you if you hated me.”
“I could never hate you, JJ.”
He smiled and pulled me against his chest, nuzzling my hair. “And that’s what I love about you.”
I snuggled closer, enjoying being in his arms, even if it meant more to me than him.
Jay spun the chair and the sun glinted on something around his neck.
I lifted my head and pulled the silver chain from beneath his t-shirt. Hanging from the chain was a tiny silver dolphin, identical to mine. “You still have this?”
“Of course.” He lifted the charm on my necklace, his fingers brushing my skin, and trapping the air in my lungs. “It’s what bonds us, remember? We can’t ever take it off.”
“But…I didn’t notice it at the lake yesterday.”
“Didn’t want to risk losing it.”
I let the necklace fall against his chest, and for the first time decided to do something bold. I held his face and pressed a gentle kiss to his dimple.
“What was that for?”
“For being the best friend ever.” I laid my head in the crook of his neck, feeling confident that our bond was unbreakable, and one day our relationship would shift into something much more.

Chapter Six

Jay

Brooke rolled her eyes at Benji as she passed him on the way out of the room. He slammed the door behind her and shook his head. “Entertaining the devil again, I see.”
I sighed and closed my eyes for a second. “Chill, Benj. It’s too early for all that.”
Benji snorted his disapproval. “I wish you’d chill with screwing Satan.”
Grabbing my boxers from the floor, I slipped them on beneath the covers and sat up. “Ready to run?”
“Don’t change the subject.” He sat down on his bed and pulled a few crumpled bills from his pocket.
I could take a wild guess where he’d been all night. He had a lot of nerve getting on my case when he was screwing dirty strippers. “Maybe I wouldn’t have to if you could let a day pass without discussing my relationship.”
“Maybe there’d be no discussion if there was no ‘relationship.’
He pulled off his shirt and went over to his dresser. “Didn’t you tell me not even a week ago that all ya’ll do is have sex anyway? That ain’t a relationship, it’s a fuck buddy. And it doesn’t strike you as odd that she’s distracting your big head by riding your little one?”
“It’s not like that. It’s just –”
“Just what? If you think things will get better with time you’re fooling yourself.”
I sat forward and rested my head in my hands. Maybe he was right. Maybe it was a lost cause, but how could I just walk away after all the time and energy I’d invested. It wasn’t like things were always this way. We’d been happy before. Was is so bad to try to get that back?
I stood and grabbed my running clothes. “I’m done talking about it. I’m going to take a shower.”

~ * ~

I sat in the sand with the sun beating down on me and laced up my running shoes. It was too damn early to be so hot. I looked forward to the coming winter. Only two more weeks left of September then it would start to cool down, I hoped. Unlike most people who enjoyed walking around half dressed, I preferred snow. I didn’t understand the big complaint over cold weather. At least you could add layers, as opposed to summer, where there was only so much you could take off before someone called the cops. Not to mention, the winter season was a lot more festive.
Looking out at the lake, couples taking early morning rides in paddle boats and kids splashing around, I couldn’t wait for it to freeze over. The thought of hot chocolate and ice skating with Gabi brought a smile to my face. I bet she still sucked. I never understood how a girl as sporty as she was could be terrible at something as simple as skating.
A small cloud of sand flew up near my feet, sending some of it raining down on my shoes. 
Benji stood over me with his arms folded. “Are you gonna sit there day-dreaming or are we running?”
“How about the third option of me kicking your ass?”
“I’d like to see you try.”
“Don’t tempt me.” I dusted off my sneakers, strapped my iPod to my bicep, then stood.
We started our first lap, Benji falling in step beside me. Half way through the run, he yanked the cord of my earphones, pulling the bud from my ear. He must have wanted his ass kicked. He knew better than to interrupt my flow.
“What?”
“What’s the word on Jaybrielle?”
I kept my stride, giving him a quick glance. “Who?”
He chuckled, then repeated the name slower.
It took a lot of self-control not to give him a black eye. “Lay off with that, man. You know we’re just friends.”
“Ah, so friends massaging friend’s legs must be some new thing.”
“Like I told you the other day, her leg was sore from a workout. It was a completely innocent sports related massage. Nothing more. There is no ‘Jaybrielle’, nor will there ever be.”
“Soooo, we’re just gonna pretend you’ve never been in love with her?”
I could’ve kicked myself for sharing that information with him. Shortly before Gabi’s departure I’d confided in him about my feelings for her. We were just kids, but I knew I wanted to be her first, her last, her forever. She was my everything and I’d had every intention of telling her that. She’d beaten me to the punch when she’d come to me crying yet again. Two weeks later she was gone.
But now she was back, and being in her presence caused those old feelings to surge forth. Try as I might, I hadn’t been able to shake off the moment with her in my bedroom all week. Having her in my arms, so close, the sweet scent of her perfume and her soft lips on my cheek–memories came floating back. Ones I thought were dead and buried. Along with them came the reminder of the feeling of her being gone. A pain so excruciating I wanted to rip out my own heart. A pain I knew she shared.
Sure, I’d thought about the prospect of us being…us, but the same fears that kept me from acting back then weighed down on me. She was my friend. My best friend. Taking it there could ruin things quick, fast, and in a hurry. So even if I wanted to...No.
For all I knew, her leaving right before I confessed my feelings could’ve been a sign. Our friendship was meant to be only that, a friendship.
“Your silence speaks volumes.”
I glanced at Benji and shook my head. “That was a long time ago. Things change.”
“You know, I might believe that, if you weren’t always staring at her.”
“What? I don’t stare at Gabi.”
“Right.”
“Whatever, just run.” I put my earbud back in, and two seconds later he snatched it out again.
“How can you not know you’re in love with someone?”
I wondered if I tripped him if he’d fall and bite off his tongue. Maybe then he’d stop asking me dumb questions. “Simple, because I’m not.” I faced forward and tried to ignore his stupid grin.
“Yeah, keep lying to yourself...JJ.”
That was it. He never saw it coming.

~ * ~

Benji wrung out his shirt as we walked back to the dorms. “That was a punk ass move shoving me in the lake. You’re lucky yo’ ass ain’t limping right now.”
I walked ahead of him, scrolling through my phone. Gabi had messaged me about wanting to play her new game. “You’re always running your mouth, Benj. I don’t see you doing shit.”
Pressure on the back of my knee caused me to lose balance. Before I could correct myself, Benji’s thick arm wrapped around my neck and forced me into a headlock. My phone slipped from my grasp and clattered to the sidewalk.
“You were saying?”
I struggled to free myself from his hold. Considering how scrawny he’d used to be, I’d seriously underestimated his strength. The girlish giggles coming from my left only added insult to injury, but of course it couldn’t end there. A pair of smooth sun kissed legs appeared in front of me, leading down to a pair of high tops. Gabi.
She picked up my phone, still laughing at my expense. “What are you two doing?”
Benji proceeded to embarrass me by giving me a noogie, while I plotted ways to kill him in his sleep. “I’m just teaching your future baby daddy a lesson in manners.”
I drove my elbow into his abdomen, hitting nothing but a solid mass of bricks. He didn’t budge. Dammit. How the hell was he holding me? He wasn’t even that big.
Finally, he released me, giving me a shove.
I stumbled, catching myself on a nearby garbage can, then turned, ready to exact my revenge. Luck was on his side as campus security happened to be passing by. He was safe for now, but I was definitely laying him out later, and he wasn’t catching me off guard the next time.
Gabi tapped my arm, holding out my cell. “Your phone is ringing.”
I sent the call to voicemail, not bothering to check the screen, and stuffed the phone in my pocket. “Where’re ya’ll headed?”
“A late breakfast at Angelo’s.”
Benji’s eyes lit up at the mention of food. “Cool. Mind of we join?”
Cam turned up her nose at us. “How about no? You two smell.”
Gabi tried to hide a giggle behind her hand. “Where are you guys coming from?”
“Morning run at the lake,” I answered.
“I didn’t know you ran at the lake. I do, too.”
“Really? I’ve never seen you.”
“I’m out before the sun comes up. It’s the only way to get in my run before class starts and still have time to shower.”
Folding my arms, I gave her a firm look. “You shouldn’t be out by yourself that early.”
“I’m a big girl, I can take care of myself.”
I shook my head. “It’s still not safe, anything could happen.” She was crazy if she thought I was about to let her run on that trail in the dark by herself where some perv could snatch her. “From now on, call me when you get up and I’ll come run with you.”
She smirked and gave me a little salute. “Yes sir.”
Cam linked her arm through Gabi’s and smiled. “How about you two go wash off your funk, and then you can join us.”
“I’m with it. You, Benj?”
He was too busy eyeing Cam like a man in the desert who had just stumbled across an ice cream cone. “How you doin’, Cam?”
She looked him up and down with her mouth curled into a frown. “Why are you wet?”
“Went for a swim. I would ask you the same thing, but you haven’t had the pleasure, and if you had, we’d all know why.” He licked his bottom lip before pulling it into his mouth and winking at her.
Gabi’s eyes bulged and her cheeks reddened.
Cam didn’t seem at all fazed by his vulgar statement. “Let me save you some time, Benji. You will never have me.”
His brow lifted. “Is that a challenge?”
“No, it’s a fact.” She stepped around us, dragging Gabi with her. “Later, boys.”
Benji watched them leave, his eyes glued to Cam’s ass. “Damn. Baby girl is stacked to be so damn small. I’m gonna enjoy the hell out of that.”
I shook my head at him. “Don’t do it, Benj.”
“Why?”
“She’s Gabi’s friend for one, and I’m cool with her, too. All you’re gonna do is make the situation uncomfortable for everybody.”
“Sorry man,” he said, slapping my back. “But I never back down from a challenge.”

I lay on my bed texting Brooke while I waited for Benj to finish showering so we could meet up with the girls. Turns out the call I’d ignored was hers, which had pissed her off. Even more so now because she wanted to come over but I was busy.
Someone knocked on the door, and I hopped up, grateful for the distraction.
When I opened it, Gabi and Cam stood on the other side holding two large bags from Angelo’s. Gabi smiled and held one out to me. “We come bearing food.”
“And that, best friend, is why I love you. Come in. Benji’s still in the shower.”
As if on cue, he exited the bathroom wearing only a towel that was slung way too low.
The girls stood near the door, their eyes following him across the room.
Noticing the female presence, he faced them with a smile, and licked his lips. “Ladies.”
If he ‘accidentally’ dropped his towel he was a dead man.
After forcing my knuckle-headed cousin to show some respect to our company, we all sat down to enjoy our breakfast.
Benji was at his desk, me on my bed, and the girls sat cross legged on the floor, playing some silly game.
“Vin Diesel or The Rock?” Cam asked Gabi.
Gabi tapped her finger against her chin, pondering the question. “Vin Diesel. Dwayne is fine but he’s way too big.”
“Giirrrl, that’s what makes him better. I need a man that can throw me over his shoulder, or hold me up against a wall.”
Benji slurped his orange juice and smirked. “So, that’s what you like? Good to know.”
Cam didn’t even acknowledge him, continuing her conversation with Gabi. “Your turn.”
“Um, Tyrese or Chris Brown.”
“Chris.”
Gabi’s mouth fell open, as if shocked at the audacity of her friend to say such a thing. “No way. Tyrese, for sure.” She leaned back, resting her weight on her arms. “I love me some chocolate.”
Benji snickered. “I bet you do.” He leaned back in his seat, sending a sly wink my way. “I have one.”
Cam waved him off. “No boys allowed.”
He ignored her and glanced at me. “My question is for Gabi.”
I sat up straight, knowing what was about to come out of his mouth.
“Me or Jay?”
The room grew silent, everyone’s attention turned to Gabi.
She sat there wide eyed, tugging at a strand of her hair. Her face reddened as her gaze shifted between him and me.
The air froze in my lungs when her gaze connected with mine.
“No offense, Benji, but I have to go with Jay.”
My heart somersaulted into my throat at her confession.
Benji smirked. “Any particular reason?”
“Yup, you’re a dirty dirty whore.”
His sat there slack jawed as the room erupted in a chorus of laughter. “That’s cold, Gabe. I thought we were cool.”
“We are, but I cherish my lady parts, I don’t want them falling off. I’d have less of a chance catching something if I worked a street corner.”
Benji’s eye twitched, his gaze dropping to the floor. I didn’t want to put him on the spot with the girls present, so I watched helpless as he disappeared into the bathroom.
Cam and Gabi went back to talking, and I laid back with the remote, browsing for a good movie. I glanced over at Gabi and found her observing me. No sooner than our eyes met, hers darted away. I studied her for a moment, curious if she’d look my way again.
A minute later she did, and caught me staring. Redness again tinged her tanned skin as she captured one of her spiral curls between her lips while nodding along to what Cam was saying.
I studied her profile, tracing the curve of her nose down past the pout of her lips. Her hot pink top stopped just above her navel, which was again adorned with a small gemstone. I paused at her toned thighs, a familiar sensation stirring below my belt.
What the hell was I doing? I squeezed my eyes shut, forcing away my carnal thoughts. I cannot look at Gabi that way. Damn Benji.
My gut churned as I grabbed my phone to continue the abandoned conversation with Brooke, my girlfriend, the only girl I should be looking at that way.
Me: What r u doin ltr?
Brooke: Oh now u wanna talk?
Me: Cut it out. Come over 2nite?
Brooke: What r we doing?
Me:  Just chillin.
Benji exited the bathroom and grabbed his keys. “I’m out.”
The girls stayed over a while longer, gabbing on about whatever it was they found interesting. I tuned them out after a while and watched Bad Boys. Cam called me rude for ignoring my company, and then they left.
Once they did, I texted Brooke and told her to come through. She was barely in the door before she had me pressed against it, kneeling in front of me.
I gripped her under the arms and tried to pull her back up. “Dammit, Brooke. Can you at least greet me first? Maybe have a conversation?”
She removed herself from my hold and sank to the floor again, working at my belt. “Later.”
Once my manhood was free from my boxers, she used her hand to bring it to attention. I turned my gaze to the ceiling, forcing the air from my lungs. “Come on, Brooke. I’m trying here, but you are making it so damn hard.”
She chuckled before flicking her tongue over the tip of my erection. “I can see that.”
Later that night I stared at her sleeping form in my bed while I sat at my desk trying to figure out what the churning feeling was in my gut.
As much as I tried not to, I found myself once again thinking of Gabi. Wondering where we’d be if those three years had never interrupted us. Possibilities of what we could’ve been…could be. No matter how many ways I spun it, my imagination always brought me back to the same place, without Gabi. It was too risky. The hell I went through with Brooke on a daily basis reminded me how bad things could get. Gabi was too important to me to ever go through some relationship BS that could remove her from my life forever...again.
No. Gabrielle Naomi Tanner was off limits.

Chapter Seven

Gabi

I lay in bed thirty minutes before my alarm was set to go off, staring into the inky blackness. I wasn’t sure how long I’d been trying to get back to sleep. Between the beats of my heart skipping and my stomach flip flopping, it was proving impossible to do. It was hard to contain my smile when I thought about how Jay had stared at me. Like he was finally seeing Gabi the woman, and not just his best friend.
Tossing my blanket away, I climbed out of the bed eager to get my day started. Since it was clear I wasn’t going back to sleep, I might as well.
After showering, I brushed my hair up into a ponytail and began scrounging through my dresser. Deciding on an outfit to exercise in had never been an issue before now. I usually just threw on some sweats and a t-shirt and called it a day. But this was no ordinary run. I wanted to look at least half way decent before I became a sweaty mess.
I pulled out my royal blue yoga pants and matching sports bra and laid them out on my bed. I wonder how much he’ll stare at me while I’m wearing this. As an afterthought, I grabbed my black velour jacket. I wasn’t that bold, Plus, mornings near the lake were chilly even in the middle of summer.
Once I finished dressing, I sat on the edge of my bed and with trembling fingers, dialed Jay’s number.
“Hello?”
The phone almost slipped from my hand in response to the groggy but undeniable female voice. “H-hi, I was um, looking for Jayson.”
“Who is this?” The voice was now alert, and more than a little hostile.
“Jay’s friend, Gabi.”
“And why the hell are you calling my man’s phone at four in the morning?”
Heat ignited in my chest. I was a hair away from going off on her, but I bit my tongue for Jay’s sake, knowing if we were in person she’d be nursing a swollen lip right now. “We’re supposed to be meeting up to run.”
“Well he’s busy fucking me, try again later, bitch.”
The line went dead, and I sat there trying to decide if I was crazy or if this girl had really just hung up in my face.
The phone rang and I snatched it away from my ear. Jay’s name flashed across the screen, and I could only stare at it. If I answered now she was going to need a dictionary for all the expletives that would come spilling from my mouth. The ringing stopped, and a second later a text came through.
Jay: Pick up Little Red.
I smiled at Jay’s nick-name for me as his ring tone played again. “Yes.”
“Hey, sorry about that.”
I released a small sigh at the sound of his voice. “It’s okay. We can reschedule if you’re busy.”
“Nah, I’m not. I was in the bathroom when you called. I caught the tail end, and I am so sorry. I’ll talk to her about speaking to you that way.”
“You don’t have to do that. She has the right to be angry about a girl calling her boyfriend at this hour.”
“Nobody has the right to call you out of your name. I don’t give a damn who they are.”
My heart thumped a little faster at his words. “Um, I’m all set to go whenever you are.”
“Alright. Let me get dressed and I’ll see you there.”

~ * ~

The moonlight glinted off the lake making it shimmer. I reveled in its beauty as I zipped up my jacket and shivered. It seemed that summer was finally ending, making way for some freezing September mornings. I glanced at the glowing screen of my watch and noted it was a few minutes past five. I was just starting to wonder if Brooke had talked Jay back into bed when a hand grasped my shoulder.
Grabbing the person’s wrist with one hand, I drove my elbow back and connected with something hard. There was a grunt followed by the thud of someone falling to the ground. I spun, pepper spray in hand.
The figure on the ground held up their hands in front of their face. “It’s me, Gabi. It’s Jay!”
I gasped and dropped to my knees next to him in the sand. “Oh my gosh. Are you okay?”
“Just a cracked rib.” He rubbed his side and smiled up at me.
I raised my fist, not caring how cute his dimples were, and punched his shoulder. “Why would you do that?” I punched him again, this time in the stomach, which was delightfully rigid. “You don’t sneak up on people in the dark.”
He tried to block my hits while I continued my assault. He deserved it for – He caught my fists and flipped me onto my back, pinning my hands above my head. “Calm yourself, little one.”
My breaths came in ragged bursts as I became painfully aware that he was straddling me. I pressed my legs together in an attempt to put out the fire his closeness ignited. “I’m calm.” No, no I was not. He’d used this move on me countless times during our wrestling sessions when we were younger. I don’t recall it being quite so...sexual.
He released my hands, but didn’t make any move to get up off of me. “Good, feisty pants.”
“You scared me.” My voice was barely above a whisper. I wondered if he could hear the hint of desire it held.
“Sorry.” He licked his lips, an innocent act, yet oh so sexy. “It’s good to see you can take care of yourself though.”
“At the, um, campus safety…thingy, they showed us some self-defense moves.”
He chuckled, the vibration of his body caused an involuntary shiver. “Is that what that was? I was wondering when you’d earned your black belt.”
We shared a laugh before easing into an uncomfortable silence. This was too much. The heat, the friction, and the ever growing dampness in my panties. I couldn’t take it. Reaching up, I shoved him to the side and into the sand, then sat up and pulled my knees to my chest.
Jay followed suit, and nudged me with his shoulder. “Now you’re just being a bully.”
I stuck my tongue out at him, then rested my chin on my knees. We should’ve been running, but instead sat staring out at the lake. A setting that was all too familiar.
Music cut into the silence, coming from Jay’s pocket, but he paid it no mind.
“Are you going to answer your phone?”
The music continued to play as he reached in his pocket and silenced the ringer. “It’d be rude of me to take a call while we’re hanging out.”
“What if it’s Brooke?” I didn’t have to guess, it was the same ringtone as when she’d called before.
A frown claimed his face and he shook his head. “Trust me, she’ll call back.”
This now made it twice that he’d ignored her calls in my presence. Sickness churned in my stomach. Here I was lusting after a man who wasn’t mine, and plotting ways to make it so. Exactly what I swore I wouldn’t do. That put me barely a step above his adulterous girlfriend. I was awful. 
I glanced at Jay from the corner of my eye, knowing I needed to try to reign in my desire and quit flirting with him. If he ended things with Brooke I’d be more than happy, but I couldn’t continue to try to manipulate the situation. I wanted him to be with me in his own time, not from me flaunting my body in his face. Lust was not love.
I stood and stretched, reminding myself that good things came to those who waited. Jay was definitely worth a little extra patience. “Ready to run?”
He climbed to his feet and looked down at me with a smirk. “How about we make it interesting?”
“How so?”
“First one to complete their laps wins.”
“And the winner gets?”
Taking a step away from me, he winked. “Loser buys breakfast.” With that he took off down the beach.
I ran after him, giggling. “Get back here, cheater.”

~ * ~

Leaning back in the booth across from Jay, I relished the feeling of the cool AC on my damp skin. In hindsight, we probably should have gone back to the dorms to shower before going to eat, but we were both starving. I was thankful that he hadn’t chosen the seat next to me. After a long run, I was never exactly daisy fresh.
Jay laid his menu down and took a sip of his water. “What are you getting into later...loser?”
I stuck my tongue out at him then shrugged, running the tip of my finger along the condensation on my glass. “Probably just hanging with Cam. That is unless she finds a party to go to.”
“You should come over. We can finally break the seal on that Donkey Kong game.”
That made me smile. I’d wanted to try it out for weeks, but there were always things to do. “Can’t wait.”
When the waiter came to place our orders, I found myself staring. Not out of attraction, but there was something familiar about him. It wasn’t until he greeted me that I remembered.
“Hey there, Red.”
Haikeem.
I also recalled his rude ‘troll’ comment the first time we’d met. Smiling politely, I waited for him to take our orders.
He glanced at Jay, then turned his attention to me. “What can I get you?” He poised his pencil over his note pad, and stared down at me. Well, it was more like his eyes devoured me, making me all too aware of how exposed I was.
Jay clanked his glass down on the table, glaring at our server. “Hey buddy, those are not her eyes.”
Haikeem eyed Jay for a moment, sizing him up. They were about the same build, but Jay had a few inches on him.
Jay didn’t back down, he leaned against his seat with his arms folded, flexing his bulging biceps.
Hubba hubba.
Haikeem was the first to break their staring contest when he glanced over at me, then back to Jay. “My bad, I didn’t mean to ogle your girl. Can’t say I’m not envious though, she’s beautiful.”
Jay arched a brow, his eyes darting over to me for a split second. “If you don’t mind, we’d like to place our orders now.”
We told Haikeem what we wanted, and he went on his merry way.
I faced Jay with an arched brow and a smirk. “Well aren’t we chivalrous?”
As deep as his dimples sank, were it not for his chocolate complexion, I’m sure he’d have turned a deep shade of red. “Thank my parents for raising a gentleman.”
“I’ll be sure to do that.” I’d just opened my mouth to ask about his mom when someone slid into the booth next to him. I’d only seen her once the day I’d run into Jay, but the memory was vivid. She was a dash lighter than Benji’s caramel color with silky black hair hanging well past her shoulders.
She leaned over and planted a kiss right on Jay’s dimple while watching me from the corner of her eye. “Hey, sexy.”
The smile fell from Jay’s face as he turned toward his girlfriend. “Brooke, what are you doing here?”
Her mouth twisted into a crooked smile as she eyed me. “I saw you sitting here and decided to join.” She faced him, flipping her hair over her shoulder as she did. “You don’t mind, right? Seeing that the two of you are just...friends.” Her eyes connected with mine on the last word of her sentence, making sure I knew that Jay would never belong to me.
Jay gave me an apologetic look, but I shifted my gaze away from him. My heart wrenched, the connective tissues ripping away inch by excruciating inch. I wanted to leave, to run back to my dorm and sit beneath my shower so no one could see the tears that flowed from a love I would never have. But I couldn’t let Brooke have the satisfaction of seeing me crumble.
She waved Haikeem back to our table to take her order.
His brows knitted together as he eyed the three of us. When his gaze landed on Jay, whose eyes were downcast, he shook his head.
Brooke talked Jay’s ear off while we waited for our food to arrive. I drowned her out while sorting through a list of excuses I could make for leaving.
Haikeem brought our food over, still giving Jay the stink eye. I had to admit, it was sort of nice to have someone on my side in the matter.
My French toast was flavorless, but I swallowed it down anyway. It almost came back up as I listened to Brooke’s baby voice while she tried to force feed Jay a bite of her banana caramel pancakes. I kind of wished they’d both choke on them.
I don’t even know why I was mad at Jay. It wasn’t like he’d done anything wrong by having a girlfriend. They were together before I got here and I was a fool for reading more into Jay’s playfulness at the lake, or his looking at me the day before. I’d created this entire secret flirtation in my mind without Jay giving me the slightest inkling of interest. Yes, I was a fool, and my own worst nightmare...the girl pining after a guy who would never feel the same.
I let my fork drop to the plate, and pulled out my wallet. Screw an excuse. I stood and tossed a couple bills on the table, which were more than enough.
Jay looked up at me with a frown. “Where are you going?”
“Home.”
“We still on for DK later?”
I glanced over at Brooke, who sat there with a smirk on her face, and shrugged. “Maybe, I’ll call you.”
I turned and headed for the door, my chest inflating for having the courage to walk away from a painful situation. When I reached for the knob, a hand shot out and opened the door for me. I looked up and was met with Haikeem’s smiling face. “Thanks.”
“No problem, Red.”
I went to leave but he grabbed my hand, pulling me back. “Hey, that guy’s an idiot. A blind man could see you’re way better than her. She looks like a chipmunk with a bad weave.”
I nearly doubled over in laughter at how I’d been thinking the same thing.
Haikeem’s smile grew wider, flashing a set of pearly whites. There were no dimples to go with it, but a gorgeous smile no less. “That’s what I like to see. Don’t ever let anyone steal your joy, especially someone who doesn’t deserve you.”
I reached for a strand of my hair before remembering I had it tied back.
Haikeem leaned against the doorframe, watching me. “I wanted to apologize for earlier. I wasn’t trying to come off pervy staring at you that way, I just find you extremely beautiful.”
I felt the heat rising in my cheeks at his compliment and tried to fight the smile that was forming. “Thank you.”
“You don’t even know it, do you?”
My gaze lifted, searching his hazel eyes. “Know what?”
“That you’re easily the most gorgeous woman on campus.”
I dropped my gaze to his name tag, his stare was way too intense. He needed to stop with the compliments before someone called an ambulance thinking I was having an allergic reaction.
His thumb caressed my fingers, reminding me that he was still holding onto my hand. “I know you’ll probably shoot me down, but I have to ask. Can I call you?”
I held his gaze for a moment, biting the corner of my bottom lip, and forcing myself not to glance back at Jay and Brooke. The last thing I wanted to see was her tongue shoved down his throat again.
Snagging Haikeem’s notepad and pen from his apron pocket, I scribbled down my number then handed it back. It was about time I moved on. Five years was long enough.

Chapter Eight

Jay

Why was she talking to him?
Mr. Staring Problem stood at the door grinning at Gabi. He had better not be hitting on her or I was going to hit him. I’d knock those eyes he couldn’t seem to keep to himself to the back of his skull.
Was she – she was laughing? I had to refrain myself from rocketing from my seat when she took his note pad and wrote something on it. It’d better say ‘go to hell.’ She couldn’t be – she gave him the paper back, along with a shy smile, before turning to leave.
Sir Stares-a-lot locked eyes with me and smirked. My fist clenched, itching to knock that smug look off of his face. Gabi didn’t need to be anywhere around him. I could smell a douche from a mile away, and he stunk of it. Gabi was too good for a guy like him. Hell, Gabi was too good for anybody. Gabi was– I had to stop thinking about Gabi. She’d been running through my mind since our meet up at the lake.
When I’d pinned her the sexual tension had been palpable. I’d actually been thankful when she’d pushed me off, because in a few seconds my arousal would’ve been evident. What the hell was going on with me? Being that way with my best friend should’ve felt wrong. Well, in a way it did, but only because I felt I was betraying Brooke somehow. It wasn’t my intention to do so, but whenever I was around Gabi it was like the rational part of my brain shut down. I kept finding myself wanting to hold her close before realizing friends didn’t do that. She was my friend. Just my friend. Only my friend. My gorgeous, kind-hearted, silly, and incredibly sexy friend.
Dammit. Everything was so muddled, I felt like banging my head against a brick wall. My own thoughts drove me mad. Why couldn’t your brain ever do what you told it to? Like stop thinking about Gabi. Stop it. Now…ughhh
I leaned back against the booth and closed my eyes.
“Jay. Are you listening to me?”
I rolled my head to the left and looked at Brooke. “What?”
“I said, let’s do something today.”
“Uh.” Her mouth had moved but I hadn’t a clue to her words. I loosened the grip on my fork, a deep indentation marked my hand from holding it so tight.
“Jay!”
“Yeah?”
“Let’s go on a date.”
“A date?” What was she even talking about? We hadn’t been out on an actual date since our senior year in high school. We hung out sure, watched movies at the dorm, or hit up Angelo’s every once in a while, but I wouldn’t really call any of that a date.
“Yes, a date, silly.” She tapped the tip of my nose and smiled.
This was weird.
I studied her for a moment. The smile seemed genuine, no fangs, but I knew better. She had to be up to something. “Okay, I’ll bite. Where to?” I suppose it wouldn’t hurt to hang out with her for the day, she was my girlfriend after all, and I had promised to try.
She smiled again, lacing her fingers through mine. “Oh, I have something in mind.”
Sir Stares-a-lot brought over our bill, eyeing me as he did. The look he gave me turned my blood to lava. This guy didn’t know how close he was to losing a tooth, or three. I kept my cool and counted out exact change to cover the remainder of the bill. No tip.
After we got ready for our ‘date’, Brooke tried to talk me into letting her drive. My answer was a resounding no. I was the only person who’d ever driven my car, and I planned to keep it that way. Not to mention Brooke’s well known issues with traffic laws.
She pouted in the passenger seat while giving me directions to wherever she had in mind.
I had to admit, I was kind of excited when we reached our destination. “The State Fair?”
Her smile was a mile wide as she wiggled in her seat. “It’s the last day before they close for the season. I thought it’d be fun.”


Brooke bounced as we walked hand in hand, deciding what to do first. The lines were extra-long, seeing that after today the fair was packing up until the next year.
My body stiffened as Brooke leaned against me swaying to the music while we waited in line. I tried to enjoy the moment and trust that she was being sincere, but I knew her too well.
After a few rides I slowly set my mind at ease. Being with her wasn’t that bad after all. We tried to make it on all the rides but the wait was just ridiculous, so we ended up playing a few games, and then grabbed some food.
Close to the end of the night she dragged me onto the carousel and climbed up on the horse. I stood next to her holding onto the pole with the stuffed bear I’d won her tucked beneath my arm.
“Do you remember this ride?” She leaned forward, resting her cheek against my hand as the carousel started up.
I did. It was our earliest and happiest moment. The state fair had been our unofficial first date. We’d known each other from around school, but had never spoken. Opening night of the fair we’d both been here with friends. She’d wanted to go on a ride that her friends didn’t, so she’d grabbed the nearest person, me, and dragged me on with her. We spent the rest of the night hanging out, and right before closing, Brooke, bold as usual, had kissed me.
“I remember you.” Running the pad of my thumb over her cheek, I tried to recall where it had all gone wrong. Brooke hadn’t always been so bitchy and spiteful, had she? Was I blinded by love or had she really changed from the girl I’d met my senior year of high school? Curious, I leaned down and pressed a kiss to her lips. No sparks flew, but it was somewhat nice feeling that closeness with her again. I wanted to make things work with her, but fear kept me at arm’s length. She’d torn my heart to shreds the first time. I still wasn’t sure if I should trust her again, but was trying so bad? I reminded myself of the promise I’d made to her to do that, and the one I’d made to myself to not break another promise, to anyone.
We ended up at her dorm instead of mine. She hadn’t wanted to risk Benji being there. Wild sex was a great ending to our date. Since our first time, Brooke had been aggressive in bed, she loved taking control. Who was I to complain?
She lay draped over my chest fast asleep while I stared up at the dark ceiling. It was strange, things almost felt normal, but I couldn’t help wondering how long it would last.

~ * ~

Shit. I stared down at my phone the next morning. Two missed calls from Gabi. Caught up in my date, playing DK with her had completely slipped my mind. It was a little past eight, which meant she’d be in class now, and I had one right after. I wouldn’t be able to call her until well into the afternoon. I sent her a quick, apologetic text, hoping she didn’t hate me for standing her up.
When noon rolled around, I finally caught up with Gabi in the cafeteria. She, Cam, and Benji were all sitting together. Cam was rolling her eyes at Benji, probably another of his inappropriate comments.
I strolled over and took a seat next to Benji. “Did I miss the lunch memo?”
Gabi barely glanced up at me from her phone. “Hey.”
Hey? That’s all I got? “Did you get my text?” I had no doubt she did as deep as her nose was in her phone.
“Yes.”
“And?”
She finally gave me her full attention. “And what?”
“You’re not mad that I missed our gaming session?”
Her brows knitted together, her lips curling into a frown. “Why would I be? It’s just a game.”
I held her gaze for a moment. She’d been going on about that game for weeks. No way was she fine with me flaking on her. “Okay...what’s going on with you?”
Cam giggled, gnawing on a french-fry. “She’s got a new boo.”
Gabi nudged her shoulder. “Hush, I do not.” Her cheeks lit up, and she tucked a piece of hair between her lips. Liar.
I placed my forearms on the table and leaned closer to her. “What’s his name?”
“Nunya.”
“Who?”
“As in Nunya beeswax.”
Cam leaned her head back, cracking up, and Benji snickered beside me. I didn’t find the matter at all humorous. “Seriously, who is he?”
She rolled her eyes at me. “Nosy.”
“I thought we didn’t keep secrets.”
Her eyes narrowed to slits. “I’m telling you because I want to, not because you guilted me into it.”
“Okay.”
“Haikeem.” She said the name like I should’ve known who it was.
A quick search of my memory bank came up dry. “Who’s Haikeem?”
“From yesterday. Our waiter.”
My fists clenched involuntarily. “You mean Sir Douche Bag?”
She lowered her brows, frowning at me. “Stop it.”
“Stop what? Telling it like it is?”
“Keem is nice.”
“Oh, he has a nickname now? Was he nice yesterday when he was staring at you like he wanted to rip your clothes off and do you on the table?”
She rocketed from her seat and glared down at me, her neck and chest growing red and splotchy. Her fair complexion and sensitive skin made it hard to hide her emotions. This wouldn’t be the first time she’d broken out in a rash from her anger at me. “No. He was nice when your girlfriend showed up and you pretended I didn’t exist.” She snatched up her bag and made a beeline for the door.
I was out of my seat chasing after her a second later. “Gabi, wait.” I stepped in front of her, cutting off her path. “I’m sorry.”
“You’re an ass.”
“I know.”
“Well stop it. I don’t care for Brooke, but you don’t see me bad mouthing her in front of you.”
My gaze dropped to the linoleum. She had me there. She’d been nothing but cordial when Brooke had interrupted our breakfast. And that was after Brooke had called her a name. “I’m sorry.”
She rolled her eyes and looked away from me. “Whatever.”
“For real. I’m sorry. For this and for standing you up.” I poked the tiny dent in her chin, knowing she hated it. “Forgive me?”
She slapped my hand away, and folded her arms with a thoughtful look on her face. After what seemed like an eternity, she finally spoke. “I guess…but you better not do either again, especially the second one.”
Smiling, I pulled her into a tight hug. “I won’t. I promise. Still love me?”
She groaned into my shoulder and I just knew she was rolling her eyes. “Yes, you big stupid-head.”
“Good, now come back to lunch.”
“Can’t.” She pulled away and lifted her wrist to indicate the time on her watch. “I have a class.”
“Okay. DK later?”
She shook her head. “I have plans.”
I crossed my arms, fighting a frown. “You’re going out with him?”
“Jay.” There was an edge to her voice and her eyes began to narrow.
I raised my hands in surrender. “Just a question.”
“Mmhmm.” She looked at me sideways as she turned to leave. “Yes. I have to go now. I’ll call you after.”
When I made it back to the table, Cam and Benji were in the middle of their usual banter. Benji trying to talk her out of her clothes and her assuring him she’d die before she ever let him touch her.
“Why not?” Benji was asking.
“Self-respect for one. Second, standards. Even if I were a prostitute, you couldn’t pay me to let you stick your filthy dick in me.”
Benji’s smile fell away, his eyes darkened and his fist clenched on the table.
I could see him spiraling a mile away. This wouldn’t end well. “Cam, lay off him.”
“Excuse me, he’s the one always –”
Benji stood and walked away without another word.
Cam rolled her eyes. “He is such a child. Dishes it out but runs when the heat is on him.”
“Benji’s not a bad guy. Sure, he’s got issues, but deep down –”
“He’s whorish and nasty, not to mention he has absolutely no respect for women.”
“You don’t know him.” Gabi’s friend or not, Benji was family. I wasn’t going to sit here and let her insult him when she didn’t know a thing about him.
“Whatever you say.” She collected her things and left.
I sat there in solitude, my thoughts flickering to Benji. He’d probably skip the rest of his classes and head straight to the bar. Why’d she have to say that word?

~ * ~

I caught Benji as he was leaving the dorm. I was going to be late for class but it was worth it. “Where are you going?”
“To mind my business. How ‘bout you do the same?” He brushed past me and kept walking.
“Does it even help?”
He stopped and looked over his shoulder. “What?”
I risked moving closer, knowing he could bolt at any second. “Once you’re sober, your world goes back to normal, right? So, what’s the point?”
“Why does anybody get drunk, Jay? To forget.”
“Well, forgetting doesn’t seem to be helping much. I think you should talk to someone. A therapist maybe.”
He scoffed, shaking his head. “That shit is for white people.”
“You’re half white.”
A deep scowl claimed his face. “Fuck you, Jay.”
I just shook my head at him. “That right there is the problem with the black community. We like to brush off things like mental illness like they don’t affect us. Just think how much better we’d be as a whole if we accepted our problems and actually did something to fix them.”
“Man, whatever.” With that he turned and walked away, what he always seemed to do when things got tough.
Maybe I was wrong to throw his ethnicity in his face, but he couldn’t keep pretending that part of him didn’t exist. Anybody who really knew Benji, which was a total of one, me, had witnessed first-hand his hatred of his mixed heritage. But I was starting to believe it wasn’t so much of what his father was, than whom.
The rest of my day crawled by, thoughts of Benji gnawed at me. He was on a destructive path, digging himself into a hole so deep that pretty soon I wouldn’t be able to reach him. I wished I could find a way to get through to him. His future was bright if he’d just get his act together. His promiscuous ways didn’t bother me as much as the drinking. When he got this way, my heart would seize every time my phone rang, thinking I was finally getting the call that he’d wrapped his car around a tree. I wanted to believe he wouldn’t do anything as idiotic as driving drunk, but it was hard to judge his actions when he was in such a state.
Once I was back in my dorm, I called the one person I hoped could talk some sense into him. “Hey, Pops. I need your help...it’s Benji.”
An hour later my dad sat beside me in my car while I drove to Benji’s favorite place. He’d talked me into going once, but it wasn’t my scene. We pulled up to Knocker’s and headed inside.
Knocker’s was a topless bar with a strict hands-off rule. But of course Benji didn’t abide by rules and was in the corner with one of the waitresses in his lap. She was a chocolate sister with micro-braids flowing down her back. Her breasts weren’t bad, but way too much for my taste, not to mention fake. I’d never been a fan of silicone, didn’t look very squeezable.
My dad kept his gaze on the floor as we made our way over to Benji. “Your mother would kill me if she knew I was in here.”
When Benji spotted us, he frowned then went back to what he was doing. Which was making a motion like he was about to grab the waitress’s breast, and she’d slap his hand away and giggle.
I stood over the two with my arms folded. “Excuse me, but could I borrow him?”
She let her eyes roam down the length of me before standing to leave, her breasts brushing my arm as she passed.
“Get up,” I told Benji.
He sipped his beer, which was his seventh judging by the empty bottles on the table, and pretended not to hear me.
“Benj.”
My father stepped past me and leaned down next to Benji’s ear. Whatever he said didn’t seem to faze Benji, as he still didn’t budge.
My dad scowled, then gripped the back of Benji’s neck and lifted him from his seat. Benji attempted to break away but Pops’ grip only tightened.
Benji had no choice but to move when Pops shoved him forward.
Together we went over to the bouncer standing near the door. My pops walked right up to him, still holding onto Benji. “Memorize this face,” he said to the man. “He’s underage, and if I catch him in here again I will shut this place down.”
The bouncer nodded in affirmation. I didn’t blame him. He wasn’t a small guy, but my father’s voice and tall stature demanded respect.
Once outside, my dad released Benji, who headed straight for his car.
Pops was on him before I could blink, pushing him against the brick wall of the establishment. My dad was a former MMA fighter. He’d never use his moves on Benj, but he didn’t play around either. He held onto Benji while I dug into his pocket, relieving him of his keys.
Benji fought against his hold while trying to push me away at the same time. “Get off me. You’re not my father.”
A spark of pain flashed in my father’s eyes. He’d raised Benji for half his life. Pop’s released him, and he shoved past us, heading down the street.
I went to follow, but Pops pulled me back. “Let him go.”
“But –”
“You can’t help him right now. People like him, addicts, you can’t force them to stop. They have to decide on their own. Pushing is only going to make the situation worse.”
“So, what am I supposed to do? Let him drink himself to death?” I shook my head, trying to ignore the sting of the tears in my eyes. “He’s my brother.”
“And he’s my son, but he doesn’t know that. He feels like he’s alone. It kills me seeing him this way, but trust me, I have experience in the matter. If you keep pushing him you’re only going to drive him to pull further away. He has to want to get help.”
My back hit the wall, and I slid to the ground, a tear for my brother finally escaping. “So, what do I do?”
“Be there for him. He’s going to need you to catch him when he falls.”

Chapter Nine

Gabi

Every item of clothing I owned was thrown across my bed and I still couldn’t find anything to wear. I flopped on top of them face first and groaned. Being a girl sucked. Trying to find the right outfit to send the right signal was hell.
Cam giggled from her own bed, instead of being a good friend and helping. “You must really like this guy, I don’t think I’ve ever seen you this frustrated when getting dressed to see Jay.”
I lifted my head and scrunched up my face at her. “Jay and I have also never been on a date.” Pushing off the bed, I stood and started sorting through the pile again. “And I don’t want to talk about him right now.”
She sat down the jar of peanuts she’d been noshing on, and came to stand on the other side of my bed. “You honestly expect me to believe you’re over him just like that?”
“I never said I was over him. I just need to do something to get my mind off him.”
“So, you’re using Haikeem?”
“What? No.” Sinking onto the bed, I released a heavy sigh. “I don’t know. I’m just tired of being sad and sick of wishing and hoping on a broken star. Besides, Haikeem is nice, and he sees me.” My cheeks ached from the wide grin on my face. “We stayed on the phone for hours last night.”
She came around and sat next to me. “Talking about what?”
“Nothing, everything. He makes me laugh, Cam. I deserve that.”
“You do,” she said patting my hand. “I think this is a good thing. It’s better than you moping around like a sad Sally. If Haikeem makes my best friend happy, that’s fine with me.”
Her words gave me pause and sent fuzziness wrapped in warmth washing over me. I’d never shared a close relationship with someone of my own gender. For some reason, I’d never gotten along with other girls. “Awww, I’m your best friend?”
“Duh.” She squinted her eyes and stuck out her tongue, causing a shared giggle fit. Once the laughter died down she leaned over and hugged me. “Seriously though, you are. My first and only. I hung around some girls in high school, mostly the cheer squad. They were all either fake, self-centered, or bitches.”
“Well, I can kind of be that last one sometimes.”
She waved me away rolling her eyes. “Please, you’re as sweet as pie.”
I almost laughed. I’m sure a lot of students from my high school would beg to differ. I didn’t blatantly attack people, but I was quick to put someone in their place. And according to my mother, I had a smart mouth. “What makes you say that?”
“Because,” she stood and picked up my teal V-neck top. “I would’ve drop-kicked Brooke by now.”
Yep, definitely best friend material. “Trust me, I wanted to, I only refrained myself out of respect for Jay. But she has one more time to call me a bitch before she’s limping away with a bald patch.”
“So long as I can watch. Anyway girlie, where is Mr. Keem taking you?”
“I don’t know. He hasn’t told me yet.”
“Oooh, a surprise date. So romantic.”


After finally deciding on an outfit, I showered and Cam fixed my hair. She was incredible at hair and make-up, but swore she didn’t want to be a cosmetologist. She continued to major in accounting even though she despised it, saying it would make for a stable career once she graduated. That was until she found herself a successful man. I wondered if those were her mom’s words or hers. It seemed we were in the same boat when it came to overbearing and controlling mothers.
Spinning slowly, I admired my reflection. Cam had done an amazing job. Not that I was ugly before, but my hair style and shimmery eye shadow made me look modelesque.
The knock on the door made my stomach flop just a little. It wasn’t that I was nervous around Hakieem, but it’d been over a year since I’d been on a date. And even then, it’d only been once. At times I felt pathetic for my lack of experience with men. Perhaps that’s why Jay preferred Brooke. 
I shook that nonsense away, no thoughts of him tonight. For the next few hours he didn’t exist. I was determined to have fun with Haikeem, and depressing thoughts wouldn’t spoil it.
I glanced down at myself once more before opening the door. I’d opted for a maroon colored top with a slight scoop neck and a pair of dark wash jeans. Though my phone call with him had proven Haikeem could hold a stimulating conversation, I still preferred not to be ogled. After making sure my outfit wasn’t too revealing I took a deep breath and twisted the knob.
Keem leaned against the door frame looking as dapper as ever. Black covered him from head to toe. Nice fitting jeans, a crew neck tee that hugged his well-developed muscles, and a jean jacket slung over his arm. “Hey, Red.”
“Hey,” I said tucking one of my spiral curls behind my ear. Cam had styled the front half of my hair in flat twists and curled the back.
“Beautiful as usual.”
“Thank you.” I crossed my arms over my stomach then dropped them again, unable to remain still.
He smiled down at me and held out his hand. “Shall we?”
I offered a gracious smile and placed my hand in his. Warm.
“Where are we going?” I asked as we walked hand in hand to his car.
“It’s a surprise.”
“What makes you think I like surprises?”
His smile was dazzling as he opened my door for me. “Just a hunch.”
Ten minutes into our drive Haikeem turned down the radio and glanced at me. “I’ve been curious about something.”
“Yeah?”
“The red hair.”
Here we go. No matter where I went it was a given that someone would question my hair color. “What about it?”
“I can tell it’s natural, but where’d you get it?”
“My father’s a Leprechaun.”
His laugh made me smile, it was nice. “Beautiful and funny. I like it.”
Great. Here comes the blushing. Heat crawled over my face and down to my neck. I started to ask him to stop with the compliments, but I enjoyed the giddiness it gave me.
He glanced at me again. “So, do I get to know the real story?”
“My dad is Irish and black, though somehow the red hair skipped over him and I got it instead.”
“Cool.” He nodded while glancing at me again. “It’s fitting.”


After another thirty minutes of driving and small talk, Haikeem turned into a parking lot and I still had no clue where we were. Well, that wasn’t exactly true. We were at a park from the looks of it, but I’m sure it hadn’t been here three years ago. When I looked over at him he was climbing out of the car so I followed suit.
I closed my door then turned to find him frowning. “What?”
“I was supposed to do that.”
“A gentleman, are you?”
His mouth curled into a lopsided smile, the left side a tad bit higher. Something about it turned my insides into a puddle. “I try.” He took my hand and led me to the back of the car while popping the trunk.
“Just letting you know, I have pepper spray and a mean right hook,” I joked.
He chuckled and produced a large white picnic basket and a blanket before closing the trunk again. “You’re much too beautiful for me to toss in a trunk. I’d just chain you to my bed.”
I stopped walking and arched a brow at him. Maybe I’d need that pepper spray after all.
Closing his eyes, he pinched the bridge of his nose and sighed. “That was creepy wasn’t it?”
“Very.”
He peeked one eye open at me. “Can we please forget I said that?” His caramel skin started to take on a reddish tint. It was nice seeing that I wasn’t the only one that happened to.
I decided that he hadn’t meant to be a creep, but wanted to tease him a bit more. His blush was pretty cute. “That depends.”
“On what?” He opened both eyes and looked down at me.
“What would you use to tie me up?” As soon as the words left my mouth I wanted to stuff them back in. Benji must’ve been rubbing off on me. Now Keem probably thought I was a freak, or worse, easy. Inside he was probably pumping his fists at the possibility of getting me back to my dorm and naked.
His mouth fell open at my question. “I-I-uh–”
“It was a joke.” It was now my turn to hide my face in shame. Way to make it awkward, Gabi. “Please ignore me.”
He moved my hands away, that crooked smile stretched across his face. “How about we just rewind the last five minutes and hit the big red delete button?”
I nodded, thankful he didn’t make a big deal with the issue.
Instead he threaded his fingers through mine and lifted it so that he could drape his arm over my shoulder.
“So, a picnic?” I asked when we were moving again.
“Not just a picnic.” He didn’t elaborate as he led me through the park to a wide open area. There were about a dozen other people scattered about the grass on blankets. A large screen was set up, and there was a booth to the side of it with the word ‘Tickets’ on the front.
“An outdoor theater?” I’d only heard them mentioned in movies or TV shows. It wasn’t that I didn’t know they existed, but I’d never had the pleasure of visiting one.
“Judging by your smile, I’d say I picked a good first date?”
“Perfect.”
He paid for our tickets and then we went to find a good spot. We’d arrived early so there were still plenty left. After we took our seats, he pulled several plastic containers from the basket.
“Did you make all this?”
He took out two wine flutes and handed me one. “I thought about lying and telling you I did, but as much as you’re at Angelo’s, I knew I couldn’t get away with it.” His smile was wide the entire time he spoke. I was starting to like his silly side.
My eyes almost popped from their sockets when he pulled out a wine bottle. I moved my glass away when he reached for it. “Um, no thanks.”
“Don’t worry, it’s not alcohol.” He turned the bottle, showing me the label for sparkling cider. “I wouldn’t try to get you drunk on our first date.” He finished with a wink before cracking the seal on the bottle. His gaze was down cast, and both lips tucked into his mouth as he twisted the cap off and poured my drink.
I giggled, realizing he’d goofed and said the wrong thing again. “Are we forgetting that one too?”
“Please?” He passed me my glass back then filled his own. “There’s this thing I do when I’m in the presence of a girl I like. It involves saying the first thing that pops into my head then looking like an idiot or a creep.”
“It’s okay.” I placed my hand on top of his. “We all have our quirks.”
“Yeah? What’s yours?”
“Besides being perfect?”
He smiled but didn’t laugh at my joke. “You are.”
I sipped the bubbly beverage, hoping it would keep my blush at bay.
Once the sky darkened enough, we settled into a comfortable silence as the movie started. I tried to focus on Eddie Murphy talking to animals, but I could feel Haikeem’s eyes on me. “You’re supposed to be watching the movie, not me,” I whispered so not to interrupt the other movie goers.
“Can’t help it. You’re way more interesting.”
I glanced at him then turned back to the movie. “Well stop it, you’re making me nervous.”
“Good.”
I turned to meet his gaze, wondering if he’d blundered again.
His expression caused a prickling sensation on my arms as the hairs stood. “That means you like me too.”
I forced my attention away and back to the screen, tucking a strand of hair between my teeth. I jumped when I felt his hands touch my shoulders.
He draped his jacket over me, smiling. “You have goosebumps.”
We finished the rest of the movie with his arm behind my back and me eventually leaning on his shoulder.
After packing up the picnic, we took a stroll around the park, conversing under the stars. Being with Haikeem had turned out to be more fun than I’d thought. Not that I’d thought it be…un-fun, but as nice as Keem was there was still one important quality he was missing. I shook that thought off with the quickness, instead focusing on the soft caress of Keem’s thumb on the back of my hand as he walked me to my door.
As we neared my room, Keem glanced over at me, a smile spreading over his handsome face. “So, I guess this is the part where I ask if you had a good time.”
We stopped and I leaned against my door. “I did.” I gazed into his pretty hazel eyes, and couldn’t help thinking I’d judged him all wrong. “There is one thing that’s been bothering me.”
His smile faltered just a bit. “Yeah?”
“The day we met, there was something you said...”
He closed his eyes and dropped his head. “The troll comment.”
“The troll comment.”
His gaze met mine again, a smile tugging at his lips. “Well, I think we’ve established that I have a terrible habit of speaking without thinking first. I apologize if I offended you, it wasn’t my intention.”
“It’s okay.” I reached up and placed a hand on his chest. “No harm done.”
“Now that we have that sorted...there’s something that’s been bothering me too.” A sexy smirk replaced his smile, and his eyes darkened just a shade. “Well...not so much a bother than me fighting the urge all night.” He licked his lips and stared down at mine.
“Oh?”
His warm lips crashed into mine and his hands found my waist. His skilled, cinnamon sweet tongue was enough to give a girl heart palpitations, yet mine stayed still.
I wrapped my arms around his neck, and kissed him deeper, trying to feel something besides just lips on mine.
A thump in the hall forced our lips apart. When I looked to my left, it was then my heart decided to tap dance.
Jay stood a short distance away, his gaze roaming between me and Haikeem. He bent down and picked up the cord and adapter he’d dropped, his eyes never leaving us.
Haikeem mean mugged him, and then turned his attention back to me. “I guess I’ll see you later then, Red. Good night.” He bent his head and kissed me once more before taking a step back. “Don’t forget what I said. You deserve to smile.” With that he turned to leave.
Both men locked eyes as they brushed past one another, a silent message passing between them.
Jay came to stand in front of me, and my brain started working again. “What are you doing here? I said I’d call you.”
He smiled but it didn’t quite reach his eyes. “Nice to see you too, best friend.”
God, I hated those stupid, annoying...adorable puppy dog eyes. “Stop it, you know what I mean.”
“I just figured you’d be home by now and thought we could play your game.” He nodded to the Wii tucked beneath his arm.
I unlocked my door and he followed me in. Cam was gone as usual. Her partying didn’t seem to be slowing down anytime soon.
Jay placed the game system on my dresser then sat at the desk. “Kissing on the first date? You think that’s a good idea?”
I kicked off my shoes and went to find something to change into. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Kissing leads to other things. Things that involve him getting you out of your clothes.”
Taking a seat on my bed, I narrowed my eyes at him. “What exactly are you insinuating, Jayson?”
“I just don’t think you should be getting intimate with this guy. I don’t trust him.”
“Intimate?” I marched over to where he was and stood over him with my arms folded. “First of all, don’t sit there making assumptions about someone you haven’t even held a conversation with. And if all you’re going to do is accuse me of being a whore, then you can leave.”
His mouth flopped open and his eyes grew a size larger. “A whore! Gabi that is not what I meant.”
“Isn’t it? You all but said it.” My temperature rose and I could feel the rash blooming beneath my skin. “You know what. Just leave.” I turned away from him, heading for the bathroom. Tears were pooling and I didn’t want him to see.
He grabbed my hand as I reached the entrance, and turned me around. “I could never think that about you.” He tried to make me look at him but I fought and turned my head. “I just– I care about you, Gabi. I don’t want guys taking advantage of you.”
I shook my head still refusing to meet his gaze. “I appreciate the concern, but I can take care of myself.” I cursed the tear that escaped and brushed it away. “It hurts that you think so little of me, like I’d sleep with a guy I’ve only known for two days.”
“I don’t think that way of you.” He grabbed both sides of my face and forced my head in his direction.
I kept my gaze down, he wasn’t getting off that easy.
“Look at me.”
“No.”
“Look at me, Gabi.”
The strength in his voice drew my attention upward.
“You’re the most important person in the world to me. I’ve never had a negative thought about you. It’s him I don’t trust.”
I started to defend Haikeem again but it would only cause more arguing. “I hate fighting with you, Jay.”
He pulled me close and kissed the top of my head. “Me too. So let’s not anymore, okay?”
I nodded against his chest, the scent of him tantalizing my senses.
“Ready for DK?”
I pulled away, wiping at my remaining tears. “Let me get changed, then sure.”


I tossed the controller in frustration. “This is impossible.”
“No, it isn’t,” Jay said from his spot on my bed. “You’re just not used to the Wii controller.” He stood from the bed and stretched his lean yet muscular frame. His t-shirt lifted a bit revealing a tiny peek of smooth ebony abs.
Averting my gaze, I turned my attention back to the screen. “Why’d they make it so you can’t use the classic controller in the first place?”
“A challenge I guess.” He picked up the controller on the way over, and then sat behind me. He scooted up until I was positioned between his thighs, and handed me the remote.
My body stiffened when his chest hit my back. “W-what are you doing?”
Controlling my breathing wasn’t an easy feat with him so close. My heart did back flips that increased in succession when his arms encircled me.
“Helping.” He held the remote out to me again. “Here.”
Forcing my hand not to tremble, I took it. “Okay, what now?”
“The Wii remote allows for a lot of features the classic doesn’t have. It takes a lot of getting used to, and the stages are more challenging, but you’ll get it.”
He held my hands while I held the controller, guiding me through the level and laughing every time I got killed. Little did he know, his soft breaths near my ear were part of the cause.
After playing for an hour and not getting any better, I sat the controller on the floor. “It’s getting late. I have early classes.”
“Okay. Are we running in the morning?”
“Yes, I’ll be there.” I kept my talking to a minimum, forming words was hard when I could barely breathe.
“Good.” He wrapped his arms around me and hugged me from behind, his head resting on my shoulder. “You know I love you, right?”
Words that should’ve filled me with joy only brought tears. I wanted to believe his words meant more, to pretend for a moment that I was more to him than his friend. Instead I swallowed the boulder in my throat and blinked to clear my vision. “I love you too.”

Chapter Ten

Jay

One week.
That’s how long it took for Brooke’s phony persona to wear off. A week of hanging out, conversations at a reasonable decibel, and behaving like a real couple before Medusa reared her ugly head.
I sat at the desk in her dorm while she stood rolling her neck with her hand on her hip, using enough profanity to make a pirate blush. For the life of me I could not remember what sparked the argument that had been going strong for an hour now. I’d stopped responding twenty minutes ago, but that didn’t seem to faze her one bit. I cast a longing glance at my now cold chicken burrito and sighed.
Her hand came down beside me and smacked against the desk. “Stop ignoring me.”
I let out a hard sigh and leaned back in my chair. “I’m not ignoring you. I’m just sick of arguing. So, until you speak to me like I’m a grown man instead of a child, silence is what you’ll get in return.”
Her eyes narrowed to slits, and her nostrils flared. She was giving me ‘the look’ but I didn’t care. I wasn’t backing down.
She went over to the bed and sat down on the edge of it with her arms folded.
I risked heating up my burrito, praying like hell I could enjoy it in peace.
No sooner than I took a bite, she spoke, to my surprise, using her inside voice. “Ever since she got here you’ve been different. You don’t even spend time with me anymore.”
This girl was delusional. Not because she thought we didn’t spend time together. We didn’t.  But because we both knew Gabi had nothing to do with it. The amount of time we hung out hadn’t changed. But she was right about me being different. Gabi brought out a side of me I thought I’d lost. The playfulness of our relationship always brought a smile to my face.
I swallowed my food and took a drink of my watered down soda before replying. “Brooke, I give you what I can. Between classes and training I don’t even time for myself. The season starts up in a few months, you know that.”
“That’s a lie.”
Her voice rose a few octaves and I lifted my brow.
“You say you have no free time, yet every time I look up you’re with her.” She spat the word out like she’d tasted something foul.
“She runs track too, we train together.”
“Well don’t.”
“Don’t what?” I knew what she meant, I just wanted to hear her say it.
“I want you to stop hanging out with her.”
“No.”
Her expression changed so fast that if I hadn’t been looking at her I’d have sworn she’d been slapped. “Excuse me?”
“You heard me. No. Gabi’s my best friend. She was here before you and she’ll be here after.”
Her eyes went wide. “A-after? What exactly are you saying?”
“I’m saying...I don’t know how much longer I can do this with you.” My phone buzzed and I read the text from Benji while standing from my chair. “I gotta go.”

~ * ~

“You have no idea what you just saved me from,” I said as I slid into the booth across from Benji.
He took a slice of pizza from the platter in the middle of the table. “If I had to guess, I’d say it involved Brooke.”
I shook my head before grabbing my own slice. “That girl is gonna be the death of me.”
“Doubt it.”
“Why is that?” I looked around for my drink that I’d told him to order me, he didn’t.
“Because, she’s not worth dying for, like...”
“Like who?”
He looked past me toward the bar.
I glanced over my shoulder to see Gabi all cuddled up in a booth with Sir Stares-a-lot. I stood and went to Benji’s side of our booth. “Switch seats with me.”
He looked up at me and smirked. “Why?”
“Just move, damn.”
I wasn’t ashamed to be watching them. Something about that guy rubbed me the wrong way. Gabi was too trusting, and I was only looking out for her.
He draped his arm over her shoulder, his hand way too close to her breast for my comfort, then tilted her chin up and kissed her lips.
Heat rose beneath the surface of my skin and my fist tightened in my lap. Wiping my hands, I stood and made my way over to them. I leaned over the back of the booth, and tousled her hair. “Hey, Miss Frizz.”
She jumped and faced me with wide eyes, squirming under his arm like she’d been caught in the wrong. “Hey, I didn’t know you were here.”
“Just got here, Benj wanted to chill.”
Her gaze surveyed the room until it landed on him then narrowed.
“I’m not interrupting anything am I?”
Staring Problem damn near snarled at me. “Actually, you are.”
I looked to Gabi.
She stared down at her plate of pasta. “We’re on a date, Jay.”
Now that I looked again, she was dressed pretty nice. She wore a fuzzy brown sweater that dipped low in the front and a pair of silver hoop earrings adorned her dainty ears.
I smiled at my necklace hanging above her cleavage. “That’s right, you two are dating.” I reached between them and held my hand out to her ‘date.’ “Henry, right?”
He didn’t even glance at my hand, just continued to sneer at me.
I stood up straight and shoved my hands in my pockets. “Well, I’ll let ya’ll get back to it. See you later, Little Red?”
She looked up and gave me a small smile. “Yeah, sure.”
On the way back to my table, I stopped by the bar and ordered a Ginger-Ale.
Benji shook his head at me as I sat down.
“What?”
“You are one selfish bastard.”
After I finished choking on my drink, I sat it on the table and crossed my arms. “I beg your pardon?”
“If you’re gonna be jealous, at least claim her first.”
“I don’t–”
“Have feelings for her? You can tell that bullshit to my imaginary friend.”
Catching movement in my peripheral, I looked over to see them collecting their things to leave. “Why’d you even tell me to come knowing she was here with him?”
He wiped his mouth and sat back against his seat, smirking. “To prove a point. Which I just did.”
I leaned back and watched Gabi leave with him, his hand on the small of her back.
She looked over her shoulder at me and our eyes met for a fraction of a second before he led her away.
Benji was wrong. I had no reason to be jealous. I was simply doing my job as best friend. Haikeem was not to be trusted. I’d gone to school with guys like him. The one everyone thinks is so nice until he flips. It was obvious dude had an anger problem with the evil look he was always giving me. The guy was a creep, plain and simple. Until Gabi figured that out it was my duty to protect her.
As the pair passed by our window, headed to his car Benji let out a long whistle. “Damn.”
I tore my gaze away from them to acknowledge him. “What?”
“I’m surprised I didn’t notice before now, but Gabi got a little ass on her, huh?”
“Excuse me?”
“Just sayin’, she got a nice lil cushion back there.”
The hairs bristled on the back of my neck and my fist clinched. “Benj…”
“What?” He chuckled, his eyes twinkling in amusement. “Do you have a problem with me looking at her ass? I mean, she’s just your friend, right? You ain’t got no feelings for her…right?”
I narrowed my eyes at him, running my tongue along my inner jaw. “You know you have to sleep tonight…right? Don’t wake up with a black eye.”
He leaned back in his seat, laughing. “Whatever, Jay. You so damn transparent it ain’t even funny.” He paused, tapping his index finger against his chin. “Actually, you know what? It is.”
I shook my head while rising to my feet as his laughter continued. “Later, Benji.” 
 


When I made it back to my dorm my phone was over flowing with missed calls, voicemails, and text messages. All from Brooke. She went on and on about how sorry she was about the argument, and not to give up on ‘us’ yet. I ignored them all and lay back in my bed to call my parents.
My dad picked up on the third ring. Even through the phone his authoritative tone was not to be trifled with.
“Hey, Pops, what’s up?”
“Nothing too much, just preparing dinner for your mother and I.”
Imagining my dad in front of a stove was pretty hilarious. The one time he’d cooked for us when I was a kid he’d almost burned down the house.
The line was silent when my laughter tapered off.
“Is there something you find humorous, boy?”
Apparently, he did not. “N-no, sir.” Clearing my throat, I decided it was time for a subject change. “How’s mom?” She must not have been feeling well if she’d let my dad cook.
“She’s fine. In fact, why don’t you talk to her while I finish up?” There was a lot of shuffling, and then my mom’s voice came on the line.
“Hey, my sweet boy.”
My heart seized at the frailness of her voice. “Hey, Mommy. How you feeling?”
“Like a million bucks.” Her laugh was a bit raspy. “I looked for you last Sunday, made your favorite.”
I could almost taste the cheese grits and salmon croquettes. “I’m sorry. Things got a little crazy here, but I’ll definitely be there tomorrow.” I wasn’t about to upset her again by telling her Brooke was the reason for my absence.
“Why don’t you come by tonight? Your father is making a beef roast with veggies.” She laughed a bit more, the sound breaking my heart. “Don’t worry, he’s gotten a lot better. I’ve been teaching him.”
I was still full from the half a pizza I’d scarfed down, but if my mom wanted me there I wouldn’t deny her. “Yeah, I’ll come by.”


An hour later I made my way into my parents’ kitchen. The food actually smelled pretty damn good, and the stove was still standing when I greeted my dad.
He shook my hand and pulled me into a hug. When I tried to move away he gripped me tighter and spoke near my ear. “You know your mom looks forward to seeing you on Sundays. Stop upsetting your mother.”
“Yes sir.” When he let me go my lungs burned as they re-inflated.
“Why didn’t Benjamin come?”
“Couldn’t find him.” I sat down at the table and plucked a grape from the centerpiece.
“How’s he been?”
“Same. I haven’t pushed him, but he’s missing more classes.”
Pops nodded but didn’t say anything as he fixed me a plate.
“Where’s mom?”
“Upstairs lying down. Why don’t you go say hello?”


Seeing my mother’s small frame in her bed caused my chest to tighten. She’d lost even more weight in the two weeks since I’d visited.
“Hey, Ma.”
She paused her TV show and turned to face me with a big smile. “There’s my baby.” She opened her arms for a hug, her eyes shining bright.
Embracing her tore at my resolve. I’d done well not to cry in front of her thus far, but she was so tiny I feared I’d crush her. I composed myself as best I could before revealing my face then kneeled down beside her and took her hand in mine. “Pops is a liar. He said you were fine.”
“Watch your mouth, boy.”
My dad’s baritone voice behind me made my heart jump. The look on his face was stern but I didn’t care. He’d lied and said she was fine when it was clear she wasn’t. “Why’d you–”
“I don’t like to give bad news over the phone.” He came over to the bed and handed my mom a small cup of water and two pills.
“Bad news?” I looked between the two. It was my mom giving a stern look this time, directed at my father.
She patted the spot next to her on the bed. “Have a seat, sweetheart.”
I eased down beside her and my father pulled up a chair next to me.
“We wanted to have both of you boys here,” my father started. “But Benji will take it better coming from you anyway. You two always were close.”
My mouth went dry, and heat burrowed into my chest. “Take what?”
Mom patted my knee, a sheen of tears in her eyes. “At my last doctor’s appointment, she and I spoke at length. The cancer’s been spreading for a while now. A couple months ago it reached my brain.”
“A couple months ago?” Bile crawled up my throat. She couldn’t be saying what I thought she was. One look at my father confirmed it. A trail of tears streaked his dark face. This was only the second time I’d seen him cry, the first being when she’d been diagnosed.
My mom’s voice drew my attention back to her. “She gave me an estimate of six months, a year if I’m lucky.”
A tear splashed on my arm, followed by another, and then several more as I shook my head slowly. “There has to be something they can do.”
“They’ve gone through every scenario, baby. There’s nothing left to do.”
I leapt from the bed and ran for the bathroom. I made it as far as the sink before my stomach emptied itself. Hot tears clouded my vision as I turned on the faucet to rinse my sick down the drain.
My dad’s large hand grasped my shoulder. Turning me around, he pulled me against his barrel chest.
I pushed away, not wanting to be consoled, needing to hit something. Anything to soothe the pain in my soul.
He only hugged me tighter, squeezing me until there was no fight left.
I gripped the back of his shirt in my fists, tears soaking the front. It wasn’t fair.


Later on, I sat next to my mom in bed with my head on her shoulder. She was watching a movie with her favorite actor who she swore up and down looked just like Pops. I didn’t see it.
I took her hand and laced my fingers through hers. I’d never been a mama’s boy, but my parents and I were close. They’d always made sure I could come to them about anything, and supported any decision I made, within reason.
My mom, she was my rock. Hell, she was everybody’s rock. I’d never met a woman to compare to her strength, or the class in which she carried herself. And as sweet as she was, somehow, she still demanded respect. People say that men marry women like their mothers, for me that’d be a blessing.
I gave her hand a soft squeeze to get her attention. “I’m gonna talk to the dean, see if I can get some time off.”
“No, you’re not.”
I sat up straight to look at her face. “But”
“You’re going to focus on your studies so that you can graduate. Either that or make me the proud mother of an Olympic medalist, whichever you decide.”
“But you need me here, Ma.”
“I have your father here to look after me. You just don’t miss anymore Sundays.”
There was no use arguing. When she said something, we did it, my father included.
A few moments later she spoke again. “How’s that daughter of mine?”
I smiled at the thought of Gabi until I remembered him. “She’s probably with her boyfriend.”
A deep frown creased her forehead. “Boyfriend?”
“Yeah, some funny looking dude.”
Her mouth crooked into a smirk. “Someone sounds jealous.”
“I wish everyone would stop saying that.” I pulled my legs up and rested my arms on my knees. “I’m not jealous, I just don’t like the guy.”
“Why not?”
“I need a reason?”
“Well, without one it seems an awful lot like jealousy to me.”
Sighing, I ran a palm down my face. “I don’t have feelings for Gabi, and even if I did…she’s my best friend. That’s not a risk I’m willing to take.”
My mom folded her hands in her lap and tilted her head. “Meaning?”
“Not all relationships are built to last.” Mine with Brooke was proof of that. “Say we were to get together, and things don’t work out. I could end up losing her forever.”
She cupped my face and turned my head toward her. “Trust me when I say this, son. Love is worth the risk. You do love her, right?”
“Of course, she’s my best friend.”
“You know that’s not what I mean,” she said, nudging my chin. “Do you love her?”
“I…” I hung my head and stared at the comforter. I wasn’t in love with Gabi. Yeah, I’d had a crush on her when we were younger, but we were just kids. I’d moved past that, as least I was pretty sure I had. “I don’t know.”
“Well, how about you do yourself a favor and figure it out.” She coaxed my head back onto her shoulder and stroked my face. “It would also be nice to see you two together while I’m still here.”
Tears sprang to my eyes and I did everything I could to keep them there. “Don’t say that, ma. You’re not going anywhere, you can’t.” Her soft humming broke the floodgates, knowing it was one of the last times I’d hear it. My words came out broken as I choked on a sob. “Please don’t go.”

Chapter Eleven 

Gabi

“Sooo, how are things with the new beau?” Cam asked, bouncing in her seat across from me.
I rolled my eyes at her antics. We were having dinner at Angelo’s yet again. Their food was amazing, but we needed a new spot to hang. Especially if Benji was going to call his cousin every time he saw me with Keem. What’d he even care? He had Brooke to keep him company.
“Things are good. We’ve hung out almost every day since last week. He’s fun to be around.”
“I bet he is, all sexy and dipped in caramel. And that smile, gawd!” She fanned herself with a menu.
Peeking at her over my water, I raised a brow. “Down girl. Don’t make me fight you.”
“All I’m saying is, please tell me he has a twin brother, preferably a rich one.”
Here we go again. It seemed like that was all she ever mentioned whenever we talked about guys or relationships. Money. She wouldn’t even cast a second glance at a guy who she felt was below her standards. That meant he had to be from a wealthy, or at least well off, family. And he had to be majoring in something that would continue to bring in more money. We’d grown close over the weeks but it was times like this when I realized just how different we were. “Everything’s not about money, Cam. Wouldn’t you rather have a man who loves and cherishes you?”
Our server, Marc, came over and we placed our orders, and then continued with our conversation. “Of course I want love, but I’d prefer the man who loves me also have a bank account with at least six figures. Better yet, seven.”
I shook my head, disappointed in her. I used to think her actions were a reflection of her mother’s, but I was coming to the realization that they were one in the same. “You know, you’re starting to sound an awful lot like–”
“Don’t you dare say it.” An almost demonic scowl took over her face. “I am not her.”
Cam wasn’t a big fan of her mother. Every time she called they fought. Her mom told her a degree was a waste of time and money. She had the type of mindset that women didn’t need to work, so long as they were beautiful and possessed the right assets. Cam was definitely that. She swore she was nothing like her mother and would snap if you accused her of such, but I couldn’t deny the facts.
Yes, Cam was in college and had a pretty good major, but she partied way more than she studied. She also never left the dorm without full make up because she never knew when she’d meet ‘Mr. Rich.’ Not to mention her snobbery when it came to men. There was a guy we always saw around campus. Neil was his name. He was gorgeous, kind and had a thing for Cam, but she wasn’t interested because of his major in journalism. Which according to her, didn’t make the big bucks.
Cam was like the sister I never had, but I wished she’d relax her standards a bit. She was either going to end up alone and bitter, or in a loveless marriage...and bitter.
“Anyway. How are things in the nookie department?” She asked, wiggling her brows at me.
Our server arrived just then, a smile tugging at his lips. He’d heard her.
Once he was gone I reached across the table and smacked her hand. “Not cool.”
She was too busy laughing to pay me any mind.
“Stop it.” I went for her hand again, but she moved it. “Hush, there is no nookie department. We’ve been dating for a week and a half, sheesh.”
“I bet you’d have given it up to Jay by now.”
For that one she got a kick. She knew not to reference him in that way while I was trying to move past the whole one sided love thing. At this rate, it was going to take a life time. Turns out the heart didn’t so easily forget. Every time I thought about him hugging me in my room I wanted to shake some sense into myself. His ‘I love you’ didn’t mean the same as mine, and it never would. “Speaking of Jay, I’m worried about him.”
She looked up from her stuffed shells with a frown. “Why? What’s wrong?”
“I don’t know. We haven’t talked since he barged in on my date with Keem. This is the third day in a row he’s missed our run, and he’s not answering his phone.” I pushed my spaghetti around on my plate, no longer hungry. “Do you think he’s mad at me?”
“I don’t see why he would be, and if he is, so what. He’s with that squeaky bitch so why should he care who you date.”
I found myself laughing at Brooke’s expense then caught myself. “Maybe we shouldn’t call her a bitch so much. Even if she is one, Jay is my friend, it’s kind of wrong to disrespect his girlfriend.”
She rolled her eyes so hard I’m surprised they didn’t scatter across the floor. “He’s not my best friend, and I only respect people who deserve it.” Her gaze slid across the room and her eyes narrowed to slits. “Speaking of Satan’s fuck buddy.”
I followed her line of vision until my gaze met with Brooke entering Angelo’s.
She scanned the restaurant until her eyes landed on me, and then she headed our way. A deep frown creased her brow, and her nostrils flared so wide an elephant could crawl inside. Seconds later she stood over our table glaring down at me.
Cam glared right back. “Can we help you bitch...I mean Brooke?”
She sneered at Cam and looked down her nose like she was filth on the bottom of her shoe. “This doesn’t concern you, Smurfette.”
In a matter of seconds Cam was out of her seat and in Brooke’s face. Well, as close as she could at her height.
I stepped between them and nudged Cam back. I didn’t doubt she could take Brooke, but the last thing we needed was to get banned from Angelo’s.
Once I had Cam somewhat under control, I faced the she-devil again. “What do you want, Brooke?”
“For you to stay the hell away from my man, Raggedy Anna Mae.”
Taking a calming breath, I moved her manicured finger away from my face. I would’ve bitten the digit off if not for concern of the diseases it carried, and of course jail time. “Jay and I are friends.”
“Bullshit.” She was rolling her neck so much, I started to hope it would cause her head to pop off like a cheap doll. “You’re not fooling anybody. I see the way you hang all over him, batting your eyelashes, and swinging that nappy ass hair around. Well, news flash, he’s mine. So back. The fuck. Off.”
I considered keeping my mouth shut for about as long as it took me to blink. “You don’t deserve him.”
She looked me from head to toe with her mouth twisted to the side. “Excuse me?”
“You heard me. You’re a dirty adulterous slut, and you don’t deserve Jay. Maybe if you spent less time fucking other men, you wouldn’t have to worry about him–” Thwack. Heat flashed across my cheek, and my head whipped to the side.
I lunged for her throat, my hands itching to wrap themselves around it, but she was pulled out of my reach by Haikeem. Impeccable timing.
A few employees came over and escorted her out, and then Keem turned to face me. “You okay?”
“I’m fine. I’d be better if you let me stomp a hole in her.”
Taking hold of my hand, he led me back to my seat then slid in beside me. “She’s not worth the trouble, Red.”
He tried to touch my stinging face, which I’m sure was beet red by now, but I swatted his hand away. “I’m fine.”
His gaze shifted away from me and down to the table, where he fiddled with a napkin.
Sighing, I placed my hand on top of his. He didn’t deserve the blunt end of my temper. “Thank you.”
He looked at me from the corner of his eye. “For what?”
“Saving me from the electric chair, because I probably would’ve killed her.”
That crooked smile came out to play, and he leaned over and pressed a kiss to my forehead. “I get off in ten minutes. Wanna go hang out?”
“Maybe later, Cam and I are having dinner.”
Cam waved us off with a dreamy smile. “Go ahead, I’m fine.”

~ * ~

Haikeem and I lay in my bed watching a movie, or rather it was watching us. Final Destination played in the background while I lay on top of my comforter on my back, and he lay next to me with his head propped on his hand, his sweet lips moving over mine in slow and methodic caresses.
There were still no butterflies but I grew to like him more each day we spent together. His amazing kisses may have had something to do with it. Plus, he had a way of making me feel like I was the only woman in the room. Maybe one day it could blossom into love. Perhaps one that could extinguish the torch I held for Jay.
Keem’s hand moved across my belly, inching upward.
I caught it before it reached its mark, then pulled back to look at him.
He lowered his head and looked up at me through his lashes with a sheepish grin spread over his face. “Sorry.”
I offered a small smile in return, then looked over at the TV. I wasn’t ready for him to leave, but the pace at which things were moving was out of my comfort zone.
Something brushed against my neck and I jumped, thinking it was a bug.
Keem laughed at me, and then lifted my necklace between his fingers, running his thumb over the tiny dolphin. “What’s the story here? It’s gotta be important, you never take it off.”
“It was a gift...from a friend.”
His gaze locked with mine for a long moment. “You look sad when you talk about him.”
“I never said it was a him.”
“I know. Just a hunch.” He tucked his bottom lip into his mouth and stared at me some more, something he did a lot. “I don’t like when you’re sad, so I’m just going to kiss you until it goes away. Is that alright?”
I nodded, wishing it was that simple, and hating myself for what I was doing to Keem. It was obvious his feelings for me were far beyond mine for him, but being with him was easy, it didn’t hurt, so I let his kisses be my Novocain. What was wrong with me?
He coaxed my mouth open with his sweet tongue, but I pulled away, guilt weighing heavy on my chest.
His stare was penetrating as he searched my eyes. “What’s wrong?”
“Nothing, I just...Can I ask you a question?”
“Of course.”
“Why does your mouth always taste like cinnamon? No matter what time of day, whenever you kiss me, cinnamon.”
His laughter shook the bed, and he reached into his pocket, producing a tin of mints.
I laughed too until I saw the foil package that had fallen out with it.
He noticed it the same time I did and cursed. “This isn’t what it looks like.”
I sat up and scooted away from him. “Really? Because it looks like a condom.”
Pushing against the bed, he sat up and squeezed his eyes shut. “Okay, so it is what it looks like. But I hadn’t planned on using it.”
“Something we can agree on.”
He sighed and turned so his back was to me. “I know it looks bad, but the only reason I even carry it is to keep my brothers from making fun of me.” Leaning forward with his forearms on his knees, he hung his head and let out another deep breath.
I eased a bit closer, curious if it was just some ploy to get me out of my clothes. “Make fun of you for what?”
“For being almost twenty and still a virgin.”
That was the last thing I expected him to say. “You-you’re a virgin?”
He nodded, his blush so endearing I had to force my smile away so he wouldn’t think I was making fun, too.
Closing the remaining space, I rested my hand on his arm. “That’s not reason for embarrassment.”
His gaze finally landed on me, and he shook his head. “I’m not. I just get sick of them bothering me about it. Like because I’m a man I should want to get as much as I can.”
“Are you waiting for marriage?”
“No. I just want it to mean something, you know? I’ve never understood casual sex. Sharing your body with someone, on such a spiritual level, should be cherished, not squandered away on a whim.”
My god, he’s perfect. I often imagined my first time. I held no illusions that it would be some earth shattering event, complete with violins and fireworks. But with the right person, it would be special no matter what.
His arm encircled my waist and he leaned into me. “I kind of hoped it’d be you though. The one who’s worth it.”
A knock at the door saved me from having to respond to his weighted statement.
I eased away from him and went to answer it.
Jay stood on the other side looking like a lost puppy. He wore a black muscle tee and a pair of wrinkled sweat pants. A couple days’ worth of stubble framed his face, and lifeless eyes glanced behind me where Haikeem still sat on my bed. “I’ll come back.” Jay turned to leave and I grabbed his hand.
“What’s wrong?”
He looked at Haikeem again and rubbed at the back of his neck. “You have company, it can wait.”
Haikeem appeared next to me pulling on his jacket. “It’s cool, I was just leaving.” He leaned down and pressed a lingering kiss on my lips. “I’ll call you later, baby.”
My brow shot up. Baby? That was new, but I’d address it later. Right now my priority was Jay, and why he looked like death had beaten him with a scythe.
Haikeem stepped past Jay, who then entered and shut the door. “I didn’t mean to crash your date, this time.”
“It wasn’t a date, and it’s okay. Are you going to tell me what’s wrong?” I took his hand and led him over to the bed to sit.
He looked down at it and his face distorted into a frown.
I followed his gaze, and mentally slapped Haikeem in the back of his head. “Nothing happened.” When I got my hands on Keem, I was going to kill him.
Jay tore his gaze away from the condom and looked at me. I could’ve sworn I saw a flash of anger in his eyes, then he just looked morose. “It’s none of my business.”
His words cut deep. What happened to my protector who didn’t even want me to go on a date with Keem? “Jay, we didn’t do anything, I swear.”
He held my gaze for a long time, as if trying to determine my honesty.
I’m not even sure why I felt the need to explain myself when he didn’t even care–
“Good.”
“Good?”
He nodded. “Good.” He took the condom and crumpled it before tossing it in the trash. He then climbed into my bed and opened his arms for me to fill.
I snuggled close, and laid my head on his bicep.
Lifting his hand to my cheek, he brushed his fingers against it and frowned. “What happened to your face?” He sat up half way, his eyes hardened, and a scowl claimed his handsome features. “Did he hurt you?”
“What? Jay, no, Keem didn’t do this.”
“Then who did?”
Unable to take his hard stare, I looked at his chest instead.
“Gabrielle.”
I let out a hard sigh and flopped on my back. “I had a run in with your girlfriend earlier.”
“She hit you?” His scowl deepened, and he sat up completely.
I nodded. “After I called her a slut.” As much as I hated her, I wouldn’t deny my part in the situation.
“That doesn’t give her an excuse to put her hands on you.”
“Jay, I’m okay. That’s not important right now.” I had a feeling it wouldn’t be our last run in, and next time she wouldn’t walk away unscathed. I wouldn’t start the fight, but I sure as hell would win it.
He lay back down and stared at the ceiling.
I rolled on my side and rested a hand on his shoulder. “You wanna talk about it?”
Facing me, he shook his head and pulled me closer. “Just hold me.”
Chest to chest we lay, staring into each other’s eyes. An unknown amount of time passed before he spoke, so low I had to strain to hear. “He’s gonna replace me.”
“Who?”
“Hakieem. You’re gonna fall in love with him, then you won’t need me anymore.” A tear leaked from his eye, sliding across his nose and into the other.
I cupped his face, raking my nails against the stubble on his jaw. “No one can ever replace you, JJ.”
He closed his eyes as more tears broke free. “Promise?”
I pressed my forehead against his until he looked at me. “I promise.”
A smile twitched on his lips for just a second. He pressed a kiss to the space between my brows then met my gaze again. “Don’t ever leave me, Gabi.”
His actions were starting to worry me. The only time I’d ever seen him cry was when he’d told me–oh no.
“Did something happen? Is it your mom?”
He nodded, then buried his face in my chest, his body shaking with hard sobs.
I squeezed him as tight as I could and rubbed his back.
When he finally gathered enough composure, he told me the news, shattering my heart into a million pieces. I tried not to but couldn’t keep the tears from spilling. We took turns crying throughout the night and consoling each other to no avail.

Chapter Twelve

Jay

Gabi stirred and snuggled closer. She’d woken me close to a half hour ago, mumbling in her sleep. It was the cutest thing the way her lips twitched and the tiniest amount of drool collected in the corner of her mouth. She’d kill me if she knew I’d seen it, but as long as I stayed completely still I could continue to watch her and she’d never know.
I’d considered waking her so she could distract me from my overwhelming urge to scream at the sky, but she needed her rest for class in a few hours. After three days at my parents they’d sent me packing. My mom was adamant about me not missing anymore school. So as much as I dreaded it, I knew I’d be attending mine today as well.
Gabi stirred again, rolling onto her back this time. Her shirt rose a bit, exposing a hint of her abdomen.
I found my hand inching closer, wanting to experience the feel of her soft honey skin. I stopped and pulled back. What the hell was I doing? Not only was it wrong to be thinking of my friend that way, but just about as creepy as I could get.
Looking at her sleeping face, I thought back to what my mom had said about figuring out how I felt. That was a lot easier said than done, especially with my emotions all over the place. The closeness I’d shared with Gabi the night before was incomparable. She’d held me as I cried, not an ounce of judgement. Had even shed tears with me, sharing in my pain. I wasn’t doubtful she’d be there for me, but something was different this time. The way she’d looked at me when she’d made that promise, calling me by the name I’d reserved only for her.
When our eyes had connected, for a moment I saw more than my best friend. I saw Gabi, and I had a feeling the same was true for her. I didn’t know if it meant I was in love with her, but things were definitely changing. I wasn’t sure I was ready to consider what that meant.
Just as I reached out to caress her face, her alarm clock let out a loud screech, making my heart jump.
Her eyes popped open, one look at me and she frowned. “What are you doing?”
The raspiness of her sleep coated voice caught me a bit by surprise. Not it in itself, but how sexy it sounded all of a sudden. I tucked my hand beneath my head to soothe the ached from the unfulfilled touch it desired. “Nothing.”
“Well, stop it.”  She reached over and shut off the clock.
I laughed as her mouth stretched into a wide yawn. “How can I stop nothing?”
She sat up wiping at the wetness on her mouth, and looked down at me. Her eyes squinted and she pursed her lips like she was waiting for a kiss. “You’re up to something.”
“I am not.” The face she was making caused me to laugh, which furthered her suspicions.
She looked down at herself then back to me. “Quit it, Jay. What’d you do?” Now she was whining, which was also unexpectedly pleasant.
I grabbed her arm and pulled her down next to me.
She squirmed when I hugged her, whining again as I squeezed her tight.
“Stop being a baby. Nobody’s doing anything to you.”
She finally gave in and poked out her bottom lip.
I had a sudden urge to bite it. What the hell was getting into me?
“I better not have a mustache.”
“Now what makes you think I’d do something like that?”
Her eyes narrowed, and I fought to contain my laugh. She was right to worry. I’d played the same trick on her when she was thirteen and had fallen asleep at my house. She’d woken up looking like Cap’n Crunch. Sweet revenge for the cup full of ice water I’d gotten dumped down my pants earlier that day.
I tapped her top lip, still laughing. “If you do have a mustache, it isn’t because of me.”
Her mouth fell open, and she raised her hand to strike me.
I grabbed it and trapped it beneath my bicep. Let’s see her get out of that.
She struggled, but I didn’t budge. “Meany.”
“Weakling.”
She snapped at me, nipping my pec.
“Ouch!” I rubbed my abused skin through my shirt. “No biting.”
She stuck her tongue out, then snatched her hand from under me and wiggled away.
“Now you’re gonna get it.” I grabbed her before she could flee from the bed, and pulled her back down. Holding her wrists together, I clamped my teeth down on her shoulder just enough to show her who was boss.
She let out a loud yelp and flailed her legs, trying to escape. “Owww, stop it, Jaws.”
I pinned her legs down with one of mine and inched toward her neck. “Don’t start things you can’t finish, little one.” I nipped her collar bone, and then just below her jaw line. “Have you learned your lesson?”
She lay still now, her breathing ragged.
Heat coated in an electrical current washed through me, zapping my heart and causing it to beat out of sync. I released her hands and fell back on the bed beside her.
I whispered her name a moment later, penetrating the thick silence.
She faced me but didn’t respond. Her eyes were on mine but at the same time a million miles away. Turning back to the ceiling, she pushed away from the bed. “I should start getting ready.”
For the briefest second, I imagined pulling her back down, wrapping her in my arms, and feasting upon her lips. But, friends didn’t do that…right? Instead I watched her shuffle to the dresser and collect her clothes before heading to the bathroom. 
As she passed her gaze caught mine. She paused, her lips twitching as if to speak. She didn’t. Her eyes dropped and she continued on her path, shutting the door behind her.
I turned my attention to the ceiling and released a slow breath through my nose. That was…I couldn’t even describe it. While Gabi showered, I stayed in her bed, my imagination running wild, once again with possibilities. Was it possible that they were right, Benji, my mom? Were my feelings for Gabi deeper than I was willing to admit? And if so, was love really worth the possible loss of our friendship?
Squeezing my eyes shut, I tried to get my thoughts together. With everything that was happening right now it was all too much. I didn’t even know how to begin to sort through them or figure out if the feelings were real or brought on by the stress of my mother’s impending death.  
With a heavy sigh, I pulled myself of from the bed and waited until Gabi finished before leaving to get ready for my own classes. There was however one stop I needed to make first.

~ * ~

The door swung open upon my third time knocking and I was greeted with a face full of attitude. Brooke relaxed a bit when she saw that it was me. “What the hell Jayson? It’s not even fucking eight o’clock. You know how I feel about mornings.”
I just shook my head and brushed past her. “We need to talk.”
“Oh, now you wanna talk? After ignoring my calls for three fucking days?” She slammed the door behind her as she marched over to me. “You must think I’m some dumb bitch. Like I don’t know you been fucking around. Who the hell have you been with?” She rammed her index finger into my chest. “Huh, Jayson? Who you been fuckin’?”
I took a few relaxing breaths before speaking. “I’m not here to argue with you, Brooke.” I didn’t even bother telling her my whereabouts the past few days. I doubted she’d care. Of all the months my mom had been sick I could count on one hand how many times Brooke had asked about her wellbeing. “I heard what happened between you and Gabi yesterday.”
She crossed her arms, giving a little shrug. “And?”
“And, you left a damn bruise on her face.” I reared back when she had the audacity to smirk. My shoulders sagged and for a minute I just stared at her. At least I was clear about one decision I needed to make. “You know what…I’m done.”
The amusement crumbled from her face in an instant. “What?”
“This,” I said gesturing between us. “Whatever the hell it is, it’s over. We’re over.”
I didn’t wait for her reaction, just brushed past her and out the door, bringing a long overdue end to that chapter of my life.

~ * ~

Saturday afternoon Gabi and I headed to Angelo’s. We’d hung out downtown all morning, listened to Jazz and even grabbed some cupcakes from Blue Velvet in the next town over. It was lunchtime now, then back out again, this time headed to the beach. Gabi wanted to take a boat ride before it got too cold.
She thought she was slick, but I knew she was just trying to keep my mind occupied. It was sweet of her, and worked for the most part, but no sooner than we’d pause our conversations, the depression would sink back in.
At the end of the day we were going to visit my parents for dinner, and then spend the night to have breakfast the next morning. Turns out my dad wasn’t such a bad cook after all, but still nothing compared to my mom’s.
I’d yet to tell them or Gabi about my break up, though I wasn’t sure why. Maybe I’d tell them over tonight’s meal.
Gabi handed me a menu, pulling me out of my daze, and we sat at the bar to place our to-go orders.
From the corner of my eye, I spotted someone headed our way and turned to see who. Haikeem.
His head hung low, and his legs moved at a snail’s pace.
I laughed a little, considering I knew the reason. That’s what he gets for being childish. I flashed a big smile when he came near, it must’ve burned him knowing I’d had her all to myself the past few days.
He didn’t even glance in my direction as he passed.
I nudged Gabi, unable to contain my joy. “Your boyfriend’s here.”
She glanced over her shoulder and rolled her eyes before turning back to the menu. “What Haikeem?”
He took a seat on the other side of her. “Hey. You, um...you haven’t called.”
She flipped the menu page, not looking at him. “No, I haven’t.”
“I’m sorry. I know I messed up. I did a stupid thing and I–”
She slammed down her menu and faced him. “Are you a dog?”
He reared back, his face contorting into a mask of confusion. “W-what?”
“Are you a dog?”
“No.” He forced the word out like he was afraid to answer.
Gabi gestured to herself. “Am I a fire hydrant?”
Dropping his head, he released a heavy sigh. “No, Gabi.”
“Then I’d rather you not mark me as your territory. What you did was childish and uncalled for. And here I was thinking you were a nice guy.”
He took her hand, bringing it to his face. “I am, Gabi. I was just–”
I held my laugh as long as I could, but the fire hydrant remark was just too much. I buried my face in the crook of my arm, my shoulders shaking as I tried to compose myself.
When I finally lifted my head, they were both looking at me. Well, Gabi looked, Haikeem glared. “Do you mind?”
Feigning innocence, I glanced down at my menu. “What?”
Gabi’s brows furrowed, her lips a tight line as she pointed further down the bar.
I moved over a couple seats, but stayed within listening range. Sir-Stares-A lot getting the boot was too good to miss.
Gabi turned away from me, and Haikeem went back to begging.
“Gabi I–”
“You what, Keem? Decided it was a good idea to try to make me look bad? To make it seem like I’d slept with a guy I barely know? Because clearly I know you a lot less than I thought I did.”
“I’m sorry, Red. I wasn’t thinking.”
She threw her head back and damn near growled. “You cannot keep using that as an excuse. It’s not cute anymore.”
He bowed his head, pushing at the salt shaker in front of him. “You’re right. I knew what I was doing. I was jealous, okay? You’re always with him, and then he interrupted us, again. That’s why I left on my own. I knew you’d choose him and send me away.”
“Keem, Jay and I are just friends. You know that.”
Well that stung.
“I know. I’m an idiot.”
Damn right.
Gabi shook her head. “Something we can agree on.”
For some reason, he laughed at that. “I’m sorry, beautiful. I didn’t mean to upset you. You deserve better than that. I’m gonna make it up to you however I can. Can you please forgive me?”
Was she buying this bs? The guy was a tool.
“I don’t know, you embarrassed me and I’m still mad.”
“Would it help if I serenaded you with a love ballad?”
The cutest giggle invaded my ears, I had to look to make sure it was really her. I regretted it as soon as I did.
Haikeem stood in front of her with his arms around her waist.
She stared down at his chest and shrugged. “I have to think about it.”
He caressed her cheek and tilted her head up. “Take all the time you need,” he said before pulling her into a tight embrace.  
Heat seized my heart when she hugged him back. I was wishing him dead when the bartender sat a glass of water in front of me and gestured to my hands. “You mind not taking it out on the menu?”
I’d rolled it into a cylinder and was crushing it in my fists. I unclenched my hands and straightened the thick plastic as best I could.
Gabi pulled away and shook her head. “You’re not getting off that easy. I’m busy now, so I’ll call you later.”
He nodded. “That’s fair.” He bent to kiss her, but she turned her head, giving him her cheek.
Good.
Swiveling on my stool, I followed Haikeem with my eyes as he left.
He looked at my chest as he passed and frowned.
I glanced down at the necklace I’d chosen to wear outside my shirt today and smirked. He had to have seen its twin hanging from Gabi’s neck by now. That’s right partner, I’m a permanent fixture in her life. Your time’s limited. Keep it moving.
I watched him until he was gone, then turned to find Gabi beside me.
“Stop it.”
I leaned back, resting my elbows on the bar, and grinned at her. “What?”
“Trying to be intimidating, as if you could. You’re a big teddy bear.”
I pulled her into a sideways hug and kissed her temple. “Only for you.”

~ * ~

Her hands were soft. Just one of the many things I’d discovered about Gabi in the past twelve hours that’d somehow slipped by me until now. Another was her voice. Soft with a slight rasp, sultry even.
Thoughts and memories circled in my head, of the days before she went away and the weeks since she’d returned. Things that could’ve been, but never were. I’d been trying to sort through my tangled web of emotions all day, again wondering if my sorrow and impending loss was bringing forth once buried feelings. Or if I was a fool to believe I could ignore something that had never left me.
Pain radiated in my heart, each thump a struggle. None of it mattered. She had Haikeem now, and I had...nothing.
Gabi nudged my leg to gain my attention. Her forehead creased as she studied me. Like a true best friend, she didn’t waste her breath asking questions she already knew the answers to. Instead she leaned over and hugged me, whispering two simple words that meant everything. “I’m here.”
I held her close, enjoying the pitter patter her touch gave my heart. “Sorry I’m no fun.”
She pulled back and pressed the softest kiss to my cheek, a fraction of an inch from my lips.
Something stirred inside me, coaxing my face closer to hers. Only air greeted me, she’d already turned away.
“It’s okay. Why don’t we peddle back to shore? Then we can go see your parents.” Not waiting for a response, she pumped her legs, moving the boat forward. “Um, help. You’re heavy.”


Once at my parent’s, we all sat down to a chicken and rice casserole Pops had made. My mom was having a good day, and was able to get down a few bites. I wanted to rejoice at that little fact, but couldn’t. I didn’t want to pretend things were normal, I needed them to be. I needed my mom to be healthy and not dying. I needed Gabi to…I just needed Gabi.
As if sensing my soul reaching out to hers, she grasped my hand under the table, giving it a tight squeeze.
I forced my focus onto the conversation going on around me when my father spoke my name.
“Jay tells us you have a boyfriend, Gabi. Is that true?”
Her face flushed in an instant, and her eyes darted to me. I was so gonna get it later. “Um, I wouldn’t exactly call him my boyfriend. We’re just um, hanging out. Nothing serious.”
His gaze shifted over to me. “And my son is looking out for you, right? Making sure those knuckle heads keep their hands to themselves?”
I nudged Gabi’s shoulder with mine before she could reply. “Don’t worry, Pops, I’m protecting her virtue.”
She turned to me with her face scrunched up. “Excuse you, but I can protect my own virtue just fine.”
“That may be true, but I do it better.” I leaned over and placed a loud, wet kiss on her cheek.
She leaned her head back, rolling her eyes. “Men.”
This elicited a laugh from my mom. “Tell me about it.”
I smiled watching the two most important women in my life share a laugh. It was nice seeing my mom give Gabi something she could never get from her own.
After dinner, my parents and I sat in the living room talking about school. We were going over options for my specialty once I graduated. I didn’t know what I wanted to do yet. I’d considered pediatrics, but wasn’t sure it’d be something I was passionate about. I was in no hurry to decide anyway. It would come to me.
Gabi had disappeared somewhere soon after we ate. I wanted to go check on her but I also wanted to enjoy this time with my mom when she wasn’t too tired to hold a conversation or even sit up.
The doctor had given her six months to a year but it felt like she was slipping away already. In the few days I’d spent here earlier in the week she hadn’t been able to keep anything down and her mood changed like the directions of the wind. One minute she was all smiles and the next inconsolable.
I could tell my father was trying to be strong for her, for all of us. His worrying worried me. I didn’t want to lose him too. Science proved that a person could die of a broken heart. As much as my father loved my mother, his had to be shattering into a thousand pieces. I knew mine was.
I scooted closer to my mom and hugged her. “Maybe I’ll follow in your footsteps and choose Obstetrics.” My mom wasn’t an M.D. but the best damn OB nurse River Crest had ever seen. Patients often sent her gifts of thanks instead of their doctors.
That brought a smile to her face. “That’d be nice, baby.”
She got tired a while later so my dad took her up to bed. After getting her settled, he headed for the basement which was his designated man cave. As he passed me in the kitchen I caught a glimpse of the moisture in his eyes I was sure he was trying to prevent me from seeing as he rushed by.
I grasped his shoulder before he could descend the steps.
He stopped but didn’t turn around.
I didn’t say anything because I knew he wasn’t big on words, or emotions. Instead I gave his shoulder a squeeze, letting him know I was there if he needed me.
He gripped my hand and nodded before continuing down into the darkness.

Chapter Thirteen

Gabi

Having dinner with Jay’s family and seeing how genuine their love was for one another left me feeling down about my relationship with my own family. Namely my mother. So, in an attempt to follow Jay’s advice to try to bond with her, I’d gone up to his room to Skype her.
Memories of what I’d just witnessed filled me with hope that maybe this time would be different. We’d connected more than five minutes ago and the only time I’d seen her face was when she’d first answered. Since then she’d been looking down, clacking away at her keyboard. I could only assume that she had the Skype box minimized or shoved off into the corner of her screen while she worked.
“Mom? I asked how you’ve been.”
She blew out a breath through her nose, still refusing to acknowledge me with her eyes. “As you can see, Gabrielle, I’m busy. What is it?”
“Nothing, Mom. I just wanted to talk.”
She finally lifted her gaze, and in doing so, frowned. “Instead of calling me for ‘nothing’, you should be running a flat iron through that hair, or better yet, a relaxer.” She leaned back in her chair and flipped her bone straight black hair behind her shoulder. She then gazed at me through her glasses which sat poised on the tip of her nose. A thousand miles away and she still succeeded at making me feel as insignificant as a tick.
“Honestly Gabrielle, don’t you get tired of running around looking like you live in a jungle? It’s no wonder you never turned any heads in high school. Boys, or men rather, like women who take pride in their appearance.”
Heat rose beneath my skin, snaking its way into my chest. I glanced at my reflection in the mirror above Jay’s dresser. My hair was a bit frizzy, but only because we’d gotten caught in the rain on the way in. It still held most of the curls from the style Cam had done. But of course my mother would find a way to insult me no matter how I looked.
Growing up there was always something about me that displeased her. My hair was too wild. I was too skinny. I dressed like a boy. She’d forever point out my worst flaws as if there was nothing about me worth loving. Weren’t mothers supposed to love you without condition?
She must have taken my silence as a free for all because she continued, each word sinking me further into my chair. When she started in on the sweatshirt I was wearing, I’d had all I could take.
Sitting tall, I closed my hands into fists on top of the desk. “Why do you hate me so much? Why am I never good enough for you?” Tears came despite me begging them not to.
My mom’s eyes widened for a second before her face took on its signature expression when she’d ‘had enough.’ Her lips formed a straight line and her nose turned up like she’d smelled something rotten. “Again with the theatrics, Gabrielle? The way you behave you’d think you were majoring in theater instead of astrology.”
“Astrophysics,” I mumbled. That was another thing. Whenever I’d ask the tough questions, or we’d get into an argument, she’d accuse me of over dramatizing things. As if I’d imagined her treating me like an unwanted stepchild instead of her own daughter.
She corrected her glasses, and sat up straight. “I have a lot of invoices to get through before Monday. Was there something you needed?”
I shook my head at her, sighing in defeat. “No, Mother, I don’t need anything from you.”
The session ended without another word from her.
I slammed the laptop shut and gave into the pain of her cruel words. My chest heaved and tears rolled unheeded down my cheeks.
The door creaked behind me, and I hurried to scrub away the wetness on my face with the sleeves of my shirt.
Jay’s presence hovered over me, and then his hands seized my shoulders. His fingers worked at the tension, washing my worries away for the moment. “What are you doing up here by yourself? You okay?”
“Yes.” I sniffled once more and folded my hands in my lap.
He spun the chair to face him and stooped down in front of me. “You don’t look okay. Why are you crying?”
“I’m not. Do you see any tears?”
He stared up at me with those dark chocolate eyes, a slight smirk on his lips. “I don’t need to see any. I know you, Gabi. Now tell me what’s wrong.”
“It’s nothing. Don’t worry about it.” I wrung my hands and looked everywhere but at him. He had enough on his plate right now without having to deal with my drama.
He stood and motioned for me to stand. When I moved, he took my seat then pulled me onto his lap.
Déjà vu hit me like a ton of bricks as one of his arms looped around my waist and his hand rested on my thigh. “Come on now, tell Daddy what’s bothering you.”
I reared back and gawked at him. “Daddy?”
He shrugged. “Or Papi, whichever you prefer.”
I’m pretty sure he was joking, but he didn’t laugh or smile. Instead he leaned back and waited for me to speak.
I let it slide, for now, and stared down at his chest, tracing the embroidery on the breast of his shirt. “I don’t want to bother you with my problems, not with what you’re already going through.”
He crooked his finger beneath my chin and tilted my head up so I’d look at him. “Just because I’m going through something doesn’t mean you can’t come to me. What kind of friend would I be to deny you my shoulder? Your stuff matters,” he tapped the tip of my nose, “And your thangs.”
I giggled at the TV show reference, and then relaxed into him, searching his face before speaking again. “I talked to my mom.”
“Yeah?” He raised a brow, knowing I hadn’t spoken to her since I’d arrived in River Crest.
I nodded and dropped my gaze again. “She doesn’t want a relationship with me. She hates me.” The tears tried to resurface, but I forced them back down.
His hand moved up and down my leg, the heat of his touch comforting me. “Your mom loves you, Gabi. She just has a funny way of showing it.”
I shook my head. “No Jay, she doesn’t. I’ll never fit into the neat little mold she wants me to, and honestly, I’m tired of trying.”
We sat in silence for a long while, him staring at me, me pretending not to notice.
He lifted my chin again and looked into my eyes. “If she can’t see what a gift you are then it’s her loss. You’re amazing, Little Red. I love everything about you.”
I blinked a few times, trying to discern why that ‘L’ word seemed so different all of a sudden. “Like what?”
The corners of his mouth lifted into a dimpled smile. “Didn’t you hear me? Everything. Right down to that adorable little dent in your chin,” he said, tapping it with his index finger.
I leaned against his chest to hide my blush and reveled in the feeling of being in is arms, the one place in the world I knew I’d always be safe and cared for. A couple hours passed of us conversing on topics both deep and trivial while Jay traced lazy patterns on my leg.
He leaned back and yawned, stretching his long body. “Ready to get some sleep?”
I nodded, even though I’d rather stay on his lap.
When I stood he grimaced. “Good, my leg fell asleep an hour ago.”
I poked at his thigh which had to be all prickly and giggled when he swatted my hand away. “Why didn’t you say anything?”
He shrugged, and then stood clutching his leg.
I shook my head at his goofy butt. “I have to go grab my bag from the car. I forgot it earlier.” Thunder rumbled as soon as the words left my mouth, reminding me of the horrible storm still going strong.
“You’re gonna get soaked. Just grab a shirt from my dresser.”
I glanced at the dresser then looked up at him with my mouth twisted to the side. His behavior had been strange all week. Since our playful morning in bed a few days ago, he’d been...odd to say the least. I’d catch him staring at me, but instead of looking away when caught, he’d wink. He seemed to hug me tighter and longer. Hold me close during movies, which in itself wasn’t new, but the way he’d caress my arm or stroke my hair was.
At times it was almost like he was...flirting, which I had to be imagining in my lovesick mind. His body language was confusing the heck out of me, and it was going to eat at me until I knew for sure. Perhaps a little experiment was in order.
Putting on my most innocent look, which included me staring up at him through my lashes and twirling my hair around my finger, I tugged at the front of his shirt. “Can I have this one?”
His brows shot up then knitted together. “You want the one I’m wearing?”
I nodded, tucking my bottom lip into my mouth while wondering when I’d become so bold.
His eyes locked with mine for a moment, and then he slowly pulled the shirt over his head and handed it to me.
It took every fiber of my being not to stare at his rock hard abs. Exercise did the body damn good.
After I’d taken the shirt, he went over to the bed and sat with his back against the headboard and his fingers laced behind his head.
I let my gaze roam over him then folded my arms. “I have to change.”
He lifted then dropped his shoulders. “Okay.”
“Um, get out.”
“Why? I’ve seen you naked before.”
I moved to the foot of the bed and narrowed my eyes at him. He’d better be joking, though the thought made my body tingle. “You have not.”
He nodded, a smirk on his face. “In your baby pictures.”
I whipped the shirt at him, laughing. “That doesn’t count, goofball. Get out of here.”
He stood and moseyed to the door, still laughing, then shut it behind him.
I rolled my eyes in his absence then got changed for bed. His shirt fell just above mid-thigh, mere inches from revealing my behind. I blamed my height. For a brief moment, I considered looking in the dresser for a pair of shorts but decided against it. My curiosity was piqued, and I had to know if it was all in my mind. The test was simple. If he looked for more than the allotted time a friend should, he was definitely interested. If he didn’t so much as give me a second glance, as hard as it would be, I’d finally put these feelings to rest.
After brushing my hair up into a bun, I tried and failed to quiet the drum beating in my chest and went to open the door.
Jay fell backwards, catching the frame to keep from hitting the floor. “You did that on purpose.”
I doubled over in laughter as he righted himself. “How was I supposed to know you were there, you big goof?”
He stood straight and stuck out his tongue before chuckling at himself. His smile fell away when he caught sight of my legs. He followed them down to my feet then back up again, before meeting my gaze with an arched brow. “No pants?”
I shook my head. “I get hot.” That was a lie. I was already freezing.
He looked down at my legs again, this time going no further than my thighs, and bit down on his bottom lip. “Oh.”
I went over to the dresser and grabbed my tube of lip balm I’d left there. I glimpsed him in the mirror, watching me, or my legs rather, or maybe my butt.
His gaze lifted, meeting mine in the mirror as he moved closer. When he was but a breath away from me, he frowned. “What’s with the bun?”
I smoothed my hair and shrugged. “I want to keep it neat.”
He folded his arms and spoke to my reflection. “You sure it doesn’t have anything to do with what your mom said?”
I dropped my gaze to the top of the dresser, feigning sudden interest. Feeling his hands on my head, I turned to face him. “What are you doing?”
He fiddled with my bun, pulling at its restraint.
I ducked away from him and secured it again. “Stop.”
He moved my hands away, giving me a stern look.
Okay, Papi.
Carefully, he removed my hair tie and bobby pins, somehow avoiding getting them tangled which I never failed to do. My hair fell over my shoulders, and he ran his fingers through it, flooding my core with damp heat. “I like it down.”
“You do?”
He yanked me against his chest so fast I lost my breath, and wouldn’t be regaining it anytime soon with his arms wrapped around my waist. “Do we have to go through the ‘me loving everything about you’ thing again?”
I shook my head, my gaze fixed on his bare chest. So close.
“You’re beautiful, Gabi. Don’t ever let anyone tell you you’re not.” He held me tighter, his eyes assuring me he meant every word. 
I had to drop my eyes before the intensity in his made me faint.
“I’m sure your boyfriend feels the same.”
My gaze snapped to his face. Where the heck had that come from? I didn’t want to think about Haikeem. Being wrapped in Jay’s arms, the current of electricity flowing between us, was too incredible.
But now I was thinking about him. And while he wasn’t exactly my boyfriend, I still didn’t want to hurt him. Stretching my body up the way I wanted, and giving my lips what they craved, which were Jay’s, would be the ultimate betrayal.
I slid from his embrace, disgusted with my behavior and myself for even initiating this moment. He was in a relationship, and screwed up or not, taken was taken. I shuffled over to the bed, sunk into the mattress, and buried myself under the comforter, feeling naked and exposed.
The light clicked off, and then the bed shifted behind me. It wouldn’t be the first time we’d slept next to one another, but it was a lot different with us both half dressed.
I lay tucked into a ball, and Jay settled behind me on his back. After a while he turned on his side and snuggled closer to me, his basketball shorts brushing the back of my thighs.
His fingers trailed down my arm leaving gooseflesh in their wake until he found my hand, which was secured between my knees, and pulled it free. He intertwined our fingers, and then leaned over me. His warm breath tickled my ear, before his lips settled on a spot just below my lobe. “Goodnight, beautiful.”
“Goodnight, JJ.”


I woke in the middle of the night to something hard pressing into my bottom. Jay still had his arm around me, breathing on the back of my neck. I wiggled, wondering what the heck was between us. “Jay, what is that?” I reached behind me and my hand wrapped around a cylinder object. I tried to move it, but it didn’t budge. I continued to feel around, trying to determine what it was. A second later my fingers stiffened as realization washed over me as to what exactly I held in my hand. I snatched away, putting as much space between us as possible. Staring into the darkness, I thanked the heavens Jay was asleep. If not that would’ve been a horrifying moment.

Chapter Fourteen

Jay

I couldn’t stop looking at her, thinking about her, fantasizing. A week had passed since the sleepover at my parents, and my mind refused to erase the image of Gabi half naked in my room, in my bed, pressed against me.
Every man had a type, a certain body part on a woman that drove him wild. For some it was breasts, others a big butt. What I loved...were legs. And Gabi had a pair that went on for days. Toned calves leading up to those smooth as silk thighs. Lord have mercy. What was my name again?
She’d surprised me when she’d wanted the shirt off my back, then had chosen to forego any pants. I kept wishing she’d do something to cause my shirt to rise so I could see what else she was working with. While I wasn’t an ass man, I could still appreciate one.
If I didn’t know any better I’d have sworn she was flirting with me, the way she’d chewed her lip and flashed those big brown eyes. Though she couldn’t have been. Could she?
That’s one thing I’d failed to consider while sorting out my feelings for her…hers for me. Just because I was in love with her didn’t mean she felt the same. I hadn’t a clue how to approach her about it. Did I just come right out and ask? What if she rejected me? What if she loved him? The thought ate at my soul.
I focused my attention on her again. She sat next to Cam on the bed, her head tilted back, laughing at something. In a weeks’ time she’d quite literally become the woman of my dreams. Every night since the one at my parents I stayed dreaming about her, though none quite as sensual as that first.
One minute she was lying next to me talking, and the next she was pulling my shirt over her head and climbing on top of me. She’d straddled my lap clad in only a matching bra and panty set, royal blue, my new favorite color. The dream ended with her soft hands wrapping around me.
I’d woke with a painful boner and her rubbing it through my shorts. Before I could react, she’d let out a loud gasp and flew to the other side of the bed. It was then I’d realized she hadn’t meant to touch me that way. And how unfortunate it was because all I’d wanted to do at that moment was reach over and pull her back to me.
She’d been nervous around me the next day, stumbling over her words and chewing her hair whenever I got close. I kept my lips sealed on the matter. She was embarrassed enough, if she knew I was awake she’d have an arrhythmia. Though seeing her turn different shades of red was always enjoyable, especially when I was the cause.
When I’d pulled her close to me the night before that, a blush had crept below the collar of my shirt she wore. I’d wanted to kiss her until it covered her from head to toe. Then I’d gone and opened my big mouth. Mentioning him wasn’t meant to push her away. I’d hoped she’d say she held no feelings for him whatsoever, that he wasn’t her man and she wanted me just as bad as I wanted her.
But she’d walked away. She’d–
“Jayson!”
I jumped, coming out of my daze. All eyes were on me. Cam was frowning, Gabi looked concerned, and Benji had a smirk on his face, his gaze shifting from me to Gabi.
I ignored both Benji and Cam, focusing my attention on Gabi since she was the one who’d called me. “Yeah?”
“You wanna play with us?”
“Play?”
She nodded, a big grin on her face, and patted the spot next to her on the floor. When had they moved?
I left my spot at the desk and took a seat next to her, curious about their game.
She turned and beckoned for Benji to join us. “You too.”
He shook his head, not moving from the spot where he relaxed on Cam’s bed. “I’m good.”
She fixed him with a glare, one hand on her hip. Feisty. “Get over here and be sociable.”
He grumbled but came anyway. While he’d never admitted it, I had a feeling he was somewhat afraid of Gabi. He sat next to Cam, greeting her with a wink and an air kiss, which she returned with an eye roll. Smacking his lips, he turned to Gabi. “I’m here. What are we playing?”
“The questions game.”
“And that is?”
“Stop interrupting and I’ll tell you.” She sipped from her bottle of iced tea, and then offered me some, which I graciously accepted. “Okay, so the questions game goes like this: Each person takes a turn asking the person to their right a question. You have to give an honest answer. If you refuse you usually have to take a shot, but were playing the non-alcoholic version.”
Benji grinned and started to push away from the floor. “If you need alcohol, I can go get it.”
I gripped his shoulder, holding him in place. “Nobody’s drinking.”
He glanced at the girls then shrugged my hand off with his jaw clenched. “Calm down, it was a joke.”
I continued to glare at him. He must’ve taken me for an idiot. Since my dad had shown up at his old drinking spot, he’d been banned, but I wasn’t clueless enough to think that would stop him. He had a new place to get wasted, besides our dorm room that is. I’d found the vodka beneath his bed. The only reason it wasn’t down the drain was because I knew he’d just go get more. Before now beer had been his vice, if he was moving on to hard liquor, he’d taken a turn for the worse. There was a time he’d come to me with his problems. Those days had long since passed. Now not only was I losing my mom, but my brother as well. When was it enough?
He smacked his lips again and faced the girls. “Whatever, let’s just play. Who’s first?”
Gabi looked between the two of us before speaking. “Cam is, since it was her idea. We’re playing for points. We each start with 10. Each time you refuse a question, you lose a point.”
Cam smiled like me and Benji’s stare down hadn’t even fazed her, and turned to Gabi. “First question. What’s your favorite body part?”
Gabi’s eyes widened and she glanced at me. “On me or a guy?”
“You.”
Gabi tapped her chin, considering her answer.
I wondered if her favorite part was my favorite part.
She moved her fingers up to her lips and pointed to them.
Interesting. “Why’s that?”
She turned to me and shrugged. “I just think they’re nice.”
They were. Plump but not big. Not small either. Just right. “That’s not my favorite part.”
“Well who asked you?”
“Wanna know what my favorite part is?”
“You’re playing the game wrong, it isn’t your turn.”
“Your hair.” I buried my fingers in it and rubbed her scalp. “It was the first thing I noticed about you. Until that day at the beach you were just the tall girl with the funny red hair. It should be your favorite part. It’s what makes you Gabi.”
She stared at the floor, and pushed her hair back behind her ear, fighting a blush, and failing miserably.
“Awwwww.”
We all looked at Cam. She was staring at Gabi and me with her chin resting on her fist and her eyes glistening.
Gabi waved her off then turned to me. “Any who, my turn. If you could have only one thing for the rest of your life, what would it be?”
You. “What type of thing? An object? Food? Be more specific, girl.”
With a growl, she leaned her head back. “Fine. A source of entertainment.”
You. “Books.”
“Really? Why?” She rested her cheek in her palm, genuinely interested in my answer.
“Because, there’s no point in having something electronic. One day they’ll be obsolete. Literature will never die. Classics like Langston Hughes and Zora Neal Hurston are still being read today. So yeah, books.”
Benji smacked his lips, shaking his head at me. “How are we even related? Man, give me a stripper and I’m good. She gotta be bad though.”
Cam fashioned him with an eye roll. “It’s not your turn, and that wasn’t your question. Does anyone here understand rules?”
He stared at her with his tongue pushed against the inside of his cheek. “Why are you so mean to me?”
“Maybe because–”
“You must know it turns me on.”
Her mouth contorted into a sneer and she turned to me. “Get your boy.”
I shook my head at him, he never stopped. “Come on Benj, just play the game.”
“Fine, what’s your question?”
“You ever been in love?”
“No. Next.” With that he turned to Cam, a sly grin forming on his face. Aw hell.
One look at him and Cam shook her head. “Skip.”
Benji’s lips parted and he narrowed his eyes at her. “I haven’t even asked anything yet.”
“I know, and that’s why I’m skipping before you do. Matter of fact, someone switch seats with me. I don’t want to answer his nasty questions.”
We all shifted until I was to Benji’s right. Gabi had taken the seat first, but that was a disaster waiting to happen.
Once we were settled, Benji shook his head then faced me. “Who was your first kiss?”
I was unsure of his motive, asking me things he already knew the answer to, but I went along with it anyway. “Gabi.”
Cam’s eyes widened and her mouth dropped open. “You must know another Gabi, because I’m sure that’s information I should have been privy to from my best friend.” She turned her stare to Gabi, but hardened it, and added a scowl.
Gabi waved her off with an eye roll. “I didn’t tell you because it’s not a big deal.”
“Not a big deal?” Cam threw her hands up, and then shoved Gabi’s shoulder. “How is you kissing Jay not a big deal? I mean, you’re only in–”
Gabi reached out and pinched Cam’s forearm.
“Ow!” She glared at Gabi, who glared right back, and then they both glanced at me before finding a spot on the floor to stare at.
Oookay, that was weird. “She’s only what?”
Gabi grabbed a piece of candy from the middle of the circle we sat in and started to unwrap it. “Nothing. I’m nothing. Who’s turn?” She stuffed the chocolate in her mouth and looked between the three of us.
Cam shook her head. “Unh unh. I wanna hear about this kiss.”
I tore my gaze from Gabi, whose eyes had yet to meet mine, and faced Cam. “Gabi’s right, it wasn’t a big deal. It happened during a game of spin the bottle in middle school and lasted about five seconds.”
Cam’s mouth spread into a goofy grin. “Five seconds is like a lifetime in middle school years.”
I caught movement from the corner of my eye, and watched Benji stand. “Where are you going?”
“I don’t feel like playing anymore.”
I smacked my lips and narrowed one eye at him. “Why do you always have to ruin the fun?”
“This game isn’t fun, y’all ask boring questions. Besides, Cam ain’t playing fair.” Before I could respond he crossed the room and was out the door.
Cam rolled her eyes. “Anyway, Gabi, did you ever decide if you were going to the party tonight?”
“I don’t know. You know how I feel about parties.” She played with her lip, and then looked at me. “Are you going?”
“Hadn’t planned on it, but I will if you want me there.”
Her mouth lifted into a smile and she nodded.
I tugged gently at one of her curls, and then tucked it behind her ear. “Wear your hair down.”

~ * ~

By the time I made it to the party Benji was already drunk and sandwiched between two girls in skimpy dresses on the dance floor. It was the middle of October at night, they were gonna freeze their asses off. I shook my head and pushed deeper into the throng of party goers. When I could finally breathe, which wasn’t pleasant considering the smell of alcohol, sweat, and incense, I popped into the kitchen for a beer, then leaned the against door frame and scoped the scene.
That’s when I spotted her. She stood away from the main crowd, swaying her hips to the melody flowing from the speakers. I had to give it to the person who’d put this all together. Only two songs had played since I’d arrived, but they were both R & B and not some sorry excuse for music, like the majority of rap. There were a few good ones, those who spoke about deeper issues than rims and fat asses, but it was a rarity.
Gabi moved her body to the beat of ’Unthinkable’ by Alicia Keys. Her long hair fell in soft waves over her shoulders, courtesy of Cam I assumed.
I pushed off the wall to make my way over to her. Half way there, Haikeem appeared in front of her, beating me to the punch. He leaned close, whispering something in her ear with his hand resting on her waist.
Reality smacked me in the face. Here I was ready to confess my soul to her, and she was here with him. I was preparing to move in on another guy’s girl...I was no better than Brooke.
Gabi nodded to whatever he said, and then he left. Turning back to her solo dance, her eyes locked onto me. She graced me with that beautiful smile, and then beckoned me over. “You came,” she said once I was standing in front of her.
“I said I would.”
“Dance with me. I love this song.” Without waiting for my response, she looped her arms around my neck and started dancing again.
I held onto her waist and followed her movements. How could a man say no?
The Alicia Keys jam ended, but we continued to dance while Joe sang about doing the things her man wouldn’t do, then Miguel went on about letting his love adorn her. Gabi pressed her back against my chest, and we moved in harmony to song after song.
My hands explored her, going from her waist and hips, to her hair and eventually with my fingers interlocked with hers. It all seemed so perfect. Like it was meant to be. Her in my arms where she belonged, all mine. My Little Red.
Fanning herself, she turned to face me then leaned close to my ear, her lips brushing it lightly and stilling my heart. “I need a drink.”
I took her hand and led her toward the kitchen. After pouring a can of soda in a cup for her, I grabbed another beer for myself. I wasn’t exactly sure what happened to my last one. I then sat on the edge of the counter and drank in the sight of her. For as long as we’d known each other I don’t recall ever seeing her in a dress. But then again, we had been away from each other for quite a while and things had definitely changed.
The crème colored sweater dress gave her honey brown skin a soft glow and hugged her curves to perfection, stopping a couple inches above her knees. I let my gaze travel down the entire length of her. Old memories surfaced causing me to chuckle.
She crinkled her nose at me and frowned. “What?”
“I distinctively remember a certain someone saying she wouldn’t be caught dead in heels.”
She glanced down at her feet and laughed, beautiful music to my ears.
“In my defense, I was sort of a rough and tumble tomboy back then. But I actually started wearing them when I lived in Chicago. They aren’t so bad in small doses.”
“Yeah?”
She nodded. “And they’re super cute.” She turned her foot, modeling the black swede ankle boots. “I’m not so sure about this dress though. Cam talked me into it. I don’t think I show this much skin when I shower.”
We shared a laugh at her joke and I looked her over again. It wasn’t too revealing, form fitting and scooped low in the front, showing just a hint of cleavage. “It’s nice. Looks good on you.”
She folded her arms over her stomach, a blush creeping across her cheeks.
While she stared down at the floor I took the opportunity to admire her face. It was like I was seeing her for the first time. She never wore makeup so the little she adorned was easy to spot. It wasn’t exaggerated like I saw a lot of girls do. The nude colors and peach lip gloss accentuated her natural beauty.
I took a couple swallows from my beer, then went over and leaned against the counter next to her. Her heels put us almost at the same height. “What kind of party is this? What’s with all the slow jams?”
“It’s a mixer I think.”
“Aren’t mixers for single people? What’s a girl with a boyfriend doing here?”
She dropped her gaze to my chest and sipped her drink. “He’s not my boyfriend. We’re just…hanging out. He’s nice but I don’t see it going anywhere.”
I hid a smile that was impossible to fight behind my beer, taking a few more swallows then setting it down. She was free. I was free. Thank you, universe. “Are you going back to the party anytime soon?”
She shrugged and turned to face me. “I’m not really the partying type. I only came because Cam begged me.”
“So, you’re going to stay in the kitchen the rest of the night?”
“I don’t know, maybe.” She poked her little tongue out at me and giggled.
I shook my head at her. Same ol’ Gabi. “Wall flower.”
“Whatever. Everyone can’t be Mr. Popular like you.”
That’s where she was wrong. Her infectious personality made friends easy to come by and with the dress she was rockin’, she could certainly have any man she wanted. But she didn’t care about any of that and it made her all the more incredible.
She stared down at her cup, swishing the liquid around.
My gaze slid down to her lips. They were calling to me, begging me to give them what was three years past due.
My heart quickened at the prospect of what I was about to do. Bracing myself on the counter, I moved my face closer to hers and I didn’t stop until our lips connected.
She leaned her head back slightly and parted her lips.
I took my cue and slowly moved my tongue over hers.
Man, she tasted good. Lips so soft. I took the cup from her hand and moved it to the counter beside us. Wrapping her in my arms, I pulled her closer to me, gluing our bodies together. Damn, everything about her was soft.
Her arms encircled my neck, her eager tongue dominating the kiss. With our lips moving together and our tongues intertwined, I didn’t even wanna stop to take a breath. I didn’t need to, she was my air.
Her hands moved again, splaying across my chest and then shoved me back, bringing the kiss to an abrupt halt.
I opened my mouth to ask for an explanation, but she stepped around me and hurried from the kitchen without so much as a glance behind her. It felt like someone had taken a big red stamp, marked ‘DENIED’ and slapped it against my forehead. Rejection, though a possibility, wasn’t expected. Fire engulfed my heart, burning it to a crisp. Why didn’t I just listen to my first instinct and leave it alone?

Chapter Fifteen

Gabi

Tears clouded my vision as I searched the darkened room for Cam. It finally happened. When Jay’s lips had touched mine, my heart exploded in my chest. Kissing him was everything I’d imagined. Better. His full lips were cushiony pillows of heaven, and his tongue, dear lord. So warm, so delicious. The taste of him was far better than any ol’ cinnamon. He was simply...Jay. The most delectable flavor I’d ever had the pleasure of experiencing. It was perfection, until...
While I should’ve been focusing on all my fantasies becoming reality, my mind had drifted to the other parties involved. Haikeem, who had to leave early to care for his twelve-year- old autistic sister. Such an amazing, kind hearted man that I’d all but used. Correction, that was exactly what I’d done.
Then there was Brooke, who’d bitch slapped me after accusing me of trying to snag Jay right from under her nose. As much as I despised her, I didn’t want to be a part of the pain and betrayal she’d experience if she ever found out. The same that I’d feel if it happened to me.
Last, I’d started to wonder why he was even kissing me. Was his love for me as strong as mine for him? Or was he acting on carnal thoughts from the prior weekend due to my ploy to seduce him?
It was all too much. I needed Cam.
I spotted her in the corner, batting her eye lashes at some guy who was big enough to take down a bull. She swatted his muscular arm, laughing way too hard at whatever he was saying.
I barged right in, not giving a damn if it was rude, and pulled Cam away.
She snatched from my hold, staring at me like there were things growing out of my face. “Gabi, I love you, but–” Her expression softened when I sniffled and wiped at my eyes. “Sweetie, what’s wrong?”
“Can we please just go?”
She glanced back at The Rock Jr. and pouted. “Fine, but you owe me a brain surgeon.”
I cut my eyes at her as we headed outside. “What?”
“The guy I was talking to, Morris Gilmore. He’s a defensive linebacker. Full ride and majoring in pre-med. Neurology is going to be his specialty.”
“Fine. I’ll get you one for Christmas.”
Walking back to the dorms, I hugged my arms to my body, shivering. In my hurried escape, I’d forgotten my jacket. No way was I going back. Once inside I kicked off my heels and dove under my covers.
The bed shifted and Cam tapped my shoulder. “You want to explain to me what that was all about?”
“No,” I replied from within my snuggly cave.
Cam ripped the blanket away and clutched it to her chest. “You can have this back after you come clean. What happened? Do I have to kick someone’s ass?”
I yanked on the blanket, but she held firm. Goodness she was strong. I surrendered and sat back on the bed with a huff. “Fine, Mighty Mouse.” For that I received a glare. “He kissed me.”
Her brows furrowed and she tilted her head to the side. “Who Keem?”
“No, not Keem. Jay. Jay kissed me.”
Her eyes bulged and she let out a high pitched squeal, bouncing up and down. “Ohmigod! Details!” She hopped onto the bed next to me, and I was finally able to get my comforter back.
I wrapped the blanket around my shoulders, gripping it to my body should she get any wise ideas. “He just kissed me Cam, that’s all.”
She scrunched up her face at me, her mouth turning into a frown. “That’s all? Why aren’t you happy? You finally got what you wanted.”
“No, I didn’t. He’s still with her, or have you forgotten?”
She reared back then waved me off. “Screw that bitch. She’s lucky I didn’t snatch that fake ass Pocahontas hair from her scalp when she hit you. Jay belongs with you and you know it.”
“Well I don’t want him. Not like this. He cheated on her, Cam, with me.”
She threw back her head and growled. “You know, sometimes I want to rip that halo of yours off and snap it in two. Geez Gabi, it’s not like he bent you over. It was a kiss.” She climbed to her feet and stood on the bed looking down at me with her hands on her hips. “Now march your giant self back down there and get your man.” She pointed at the door, fixing me with a stern look.
I flopped back on the bed and covered my head again.
She tried to take my blanket again, and I hissed at her. “I will cut you.”
She rolled her eyes but didn’t try again. Instead she flopped back down beside me. “I don’t see what the problem is. Obviously he wants to be with you and not her. For all you know he could be breaking up with her right now?”
Running a hand through my hair a bit too roughly, I sighed. “I don’t know if that’s entirely true, him wanting to be with me.”
“Meaning?”
“Well...you know how we spent the night at his parents’ last weekend?”
She nodded for me to continue.
“Well, I sort of, kind of, may have...tried to seduce him.”
Her mouth fell open before forming into a wide grin. “Perhaps that halo is crooked after all.”
I wanted to laugh but wasn’t in the mood. “What if he just thinks he wants me because of that? Or what if he just wants sex, like friends with benefits or something? I want him to want my heart first. To love me, before he makes love to me.”
“Of course he loves you, Sweetie. Anyone can see that.”
I fiddled with my necklace, my eyes filling with tears. “Yeah, but is he in love with me?”

~ * ~

After a long night of discussing the situation with Cam, we agreed that the best thing to do was for me to be up front with Jay. Tell him how I feel and demand an answer. He loves me, he loves me not. Either way, I needed the truth, so despite my knees shaking like Shaggy and Scooby, I made my way over to him in the common area of his dorm.
I was almost there when over sauntered Brooke and plopped down onto his lap. Was that his thing or something? Girls in his lap? She forced his head back and pressed her lips to his. The same ones that were on mine less than twelve hours ago.
I willed him to push her away, declare his love for me and kick her to the curb. After ten seconds passed I stopped hoping. My eyes and throat burned as I stood frozen in place.
I caught sight of Benji leaning back in his chair, watching me with his brows furrowed. He almost looked sad. He looked at the lip locking couple and shook his head.
Unable to withstand it any longer, I found myself fleeing once again. My heart burned from the bullet it’d just taken. How could he do this to me?
Once outside, I sagged against the brick building, unable to control the heaving of my chest as the October wind chilled the tears running down my face. Pushing off the wall, I kept moving, not wanting to risk Benji telling Jay he’d seen me and him coming after me. Not that he would with his tongue so far down Brooke’s throat.
I hurried back to my dorm, hoping Cam was still there. She’d be my best friend now. I didn’t want Jay anymore, not after he’d taken a machete to my heart and slashed it in two. No, I was done with him once and for all. He wasn’t my friend anymore, and I refused to love him any longer. When I made it back to my empty room, I collapsed in a heap of tears, knowing accomplishing such a goal would be no easy feat.
I silenced my phone and hid from the world beneath my covers. By the time I fell asleep I’d used half a box of Kleenex. I hated that he had this effect on me. Only two people in the world could make me cry over their actions. My mother, and Jay. The latter seemed to be more often than not lately.


I woke to a setting sun and closed my eyes again. I didn’t want to face life right now, or ever. I wanted to fall into an endless slumber until my heart healed, which meant death, because it never would.
Against my better judgement, I picked up my phone. It lit up as I did. A new text. Three actually, and six missed calls. Two from Cam and four from Keem. Tears filled my eyes at the realization that none were from Jay. It’d been almost a day since we’d shared the most incredible kiss of my life, and he hadn’t even called.
The phone rang in my hand, giving me a mini heart attack, which settled down when I saw it wasn’t the person I’d foolishly wished for. I sighed and slid the icon to answer it. “Hey Keem.”
“Thank God. I’ve been calling you all day. I was starting to worry. Is everything okay?”
No, everything was irrevocably wrong. “I’m fine, Keem.”
“Are you sure? You don’t sound fine.”
The line went silent for a while with Keem waiting for me to speak and me dreading the inevitable. Things couldn’t go on this way. It wasn’t fair for me to continue to string him along. But I wouldn’t do it over the phone, I owed him at least that much.
“Keem?”
“Yeah?”
“Can you meet me at Angelo’s?”

~ * ~

Haikeem was all smiles when he sat in the booth next to me and greeted me with a kiss on the cheek. “Hey, beautiful. Sorry I had to skip out on you last night.”
“It’s okay. I understand.” I kept my gaze on my hot chocolate, grateful he hadn’t chosen to sit across from me where I’d be forced to look him in the eye.
He took my hand and brought it to his lips, kissing my knuckles. “What’s bothering you, Red? Where’s that smile I love?”
I swallowed down my nausea, telling myself it was for the best, better for him in the long run. “Keem...I…I don’t think we should see each other anymore.”
He didn’t respond, for several long minutes he just sat there holding my hand between us.
It took just as long for me to find the courage to look at him. The moisture in his eyes caused tears to spring to my own. “I’m sorry, Keem. I–”
“It’s him.” His voice wasn’t angry, and it wasn’t a question. Just like Cam the day we met, he stated it like he’d known all along.
“I’m sorry.”
He let go of my hand and placed his elbows on the table, leaning forward with his eyes covered. “You have nothing to be sorry for. I did this to myself. God, I’m an idiot.”
I turned in my seat and waited for him to look at me. When he didn’t I placed a hand on his shoulder. “I don’t understand.”
He leaned back against the booth and stared down at his lap. “I knew. Day one I knew.” He shook his head and released a sad chuckle. “I saw the way you looked at him, how you’ve always looked at him. I was a fool to think I could ever measure up. I guess I hoped since he wasn’t acting right, I could step in and prove my worth.”
“I never meant to hurt you Keem, I just–”
“Love him? Trust me, I know what it’s like. Loving someone from afar, hoping one day she’ll notice you.” Laying his head on the back of the booth, he turned to look at me. “You don’t remember me, do you?”
I tipped my head to the side, searching his eyes. “Remember you?”
“River Crest High, first day of your freshman year. You were lost, a skinny guy with glasses helped you find your biology class.”
I sat up straight as the memory washed over me. “That was you?”
He nodded. “I was a grade ahead, and we didn’t have any classes together, but I always saw you in the hall, or at lunch. You were always laughing at his jokes, or staring at him when you thought no one else was looking.” He frowned, his eyes distant as he reminisced. “I remember wishing I was good at sports, something that would get your attention. But I was a bookworm, and an anime freak. Not to mention, shy. I could’ve never approached a girl like you. I was so jealous of him. He wasn’t even your boyfriend, but he got to put his arm around you, and hug you.
“You don’t know how excited I was when the door opened to your dorm and I saw you standing there. I finally had my chance. Then I went and screwed that up by embarrassing myself in front of you time and time again.”
His story made my eyes burn with tears. My body shook and I buried my face in my hands.
Keem wrapped me in his arms and pulled me close. “It’s okay, Red. I’m not mad. Sad, maybe heartbroken, but I can’t be mad at you for the way you feel. You can’t help loving him anymore that I can, you.”
That only made me cry harder. I’m sure people were staring at me like a crazy person, bawling in the middle of a restaurant. But I couldn’t help it. Keem was amazing, and felt for me everything I’d spent years wishing Jay did. It wasn’t fair.
He pulled away from me and reached behind me for a napkin, then wiped my tears away. “Please stop crying, it’s killing me.”
I nodded, and sniffled a few more times, hoping my body would obey his request.
He brushed both sides of my hair behind my ears and stared down at me. “Can I ask one favor of you before we part ways?”
All I could do was nod.
“One last kiss. Something to remember you by.”
I nodded again.
He leaned in and pressed his lips to mine, running his cinnamon tongue over them.
It was one hell of a kiss, one I wished meant more than it did. Why couldn’t I love Haikeem? He was sweet, thoughtful, and didn’t have Satan’s spawn attached to his arm.
When he ended the kiss, I hugged his neck, speaking near his ear while hoping my words would soften the blow. “You were the best first college boyfriend, and you’ll always have a special place in my heart.”
He pulled away and placed a soft kiss on my forehead. “No, there’s no room for me, but that’s okay. You’ll always hold a piece of mine.”

Chapter Sixteen

Jay

Benji was ten seconds away from getting punched in the throat. I paced the room, running my hands over my scalp to fight the urge. “Why the hell didn’t you say anything?”
He lounged on his bed scrolling through Netflix as if he hadn’t a care in the world, while mine crumbled around me. “You were a bit preoccupied.”
Sinking into my bed, I called Gabi for the fifteenth time in the last ten minutes. “That was seven hours ago. Why would you wait so long to bring it up?” Voicemail. I hung up after the recording informed me that her mailbox was full.
“Didn’t think it was a big deal,” he replied with a shrug.
Not a big deal? It was a huge deal. Gabi seeing me kissing Brooke the morning after kissing her looked terrible on my part. The only reason I’d done it was because I’d felt so empty. I didn’t want to think about Gabi’s blatant rejection of me, so I’d tried to drown the pain. Going back to Brooke yet again was by far the most ignorant thing I could’ve done. And Gabi had seen it.
What was she even doing there? I was sure she wouldn’t want to speak to me. I’d dialed her number maybe fifty times throughout the night, but never built up the courage to go through with calling her. I tossed my phone on my pillow and slammed my fist into the mattress. “Shit!”
Benji stopped his scrolling and cut his eyes at me. “What the hell is your problem?”
I flopped back and squeezed my eyes shut. This situation could not get any worse. “I kissed her.”
“We’ve established that. What’s new?”
A heavy breath forced its way through my nose. “Not Brooke, Gabi. Last night at the party, I kissed her.”
After a long moment, I opened my eyes to find Benji standing over me scowling. His fist landed on my gut, knocking the wind out of me. “You idiot. No wonder she looked like she was about to cry.”
“What?” I shot up in my bed, the remainder of the air in my lungs seeped out. I’d made her cry?
Benji shook his head at me. “Guess I’m not the only fuck up.”
“I didn’t know she was gonna show up. She pushed me away and ran off. I thought she was mad.”
“Well don’t you think you should have figured that out before you went and kissed the Wicked Witch of River Crest?”
I didn’t respond. I couldn’t. I rested my face in my hands and called myself every name in the book. If Gabi hadn’t hated me before she sure as hell did now.
He plopped down in the spot next to me, still shaking his head. “Wait, why did Gabi push you away. She does know you and Brooke are, well were through, right.”
Sighing, I palmed my face. “We are through, but no, Gabi doesn’t know.”
“What?! Why the hell not? You obviously lied through your teeth when you said you didn’t have feelings for her. Not to mention she’s your best friend. So, why the hell wouldn’t you make that shit known before making a move on her?”
“I don’t know, man. I guess I thought if she knew I’d be forced to face my feelings out in the open. Admitting them inside my head was one thing, but to her…”
“See, that’s your damn problem. Quit being a coward and just tell the girl how you feel. Fix this shit before it’s too late, bro.”

~ * ~

I hadn’t seen Gabi all day, she was hiding from me. By the time I got to any of her classes she was already gone, that’s if she’d been there in the first place. She wasn’t in the cafeteria, the library, or the lab. She didn’t show for our run or strength training at the gym. It was as if she no longer existed. I was starting to wonder if I’d imagined the last two months when I walked into Angelo’s later that day and saw her in a booth with Cam.
Her hair was up in a messy bun and her pretty brown eyes had lost their luster. The down turned corners of her sexy lips carved out my heart. I’d broken the promise to myself to never be the cause of her sadness again.
Cam saw me first and said something to Gabi who stood without even glancing my way, and headed for the bathroom.
I was right on her heels and almost had her when a waiter passed in front of me and we almost collided. When I finally made it to the hall that housed the restrooms, she was already inside. Well there was no way she was getting back past me. I propped myself against the wall, ready to grab her if I had to. Ten minutes ticked by, then twenty, then thirty. A few women went in and came back out but no Gabi.
Glancing back at her table, I cursed. Cam was gone and the table was clean. The last woman exited the bathroom and I barged in. It was set up identical to the men’s, minus the urinals and including the large sliding window next to the hand dryer, which was wide open
I checked under each stall, already knowing the truth. She’d ducked me.

~ * ~

Chasing this girl was starting to wear me out. Only she could make the task of apologizing feel like National Treasure. I headed back to my dorm after banging on her door on and off for almost an hour. I knew she was in there. I’d heard Love & Basketball playing, or blasting rather, which she always watched when she was sad. I felt like shit for being the cause of it, and I deserved to feel that way.
God, I was an idiot. I never thought I’d see the day when Benji was right. I should’ve talked to her before assuming. The same way I was chasing her down now, should’ve happened the night of the party. Had I come clean about my feelings first instead of making a move on her, whether she felt the same or not, all this could’ve been avoided. I still had no idea why she’d come looking for me at my dorm the day before, and now, because I’m pretty sure I’m the dumbest guy on the planet, I probably never would.
My phone buzzed in my pocket and I dug it out, wishing and praying, but knowing it wasn’t her. “Sup, Benj?”
“The missus is here.”
“What the hell are you talking about?”
“You know, the evil step sister you’re screwing when you should be riding off into the sunset with the princess.”
I take it back. He was the dumbest guy on the planet. “I’m not screwing her, not anymore anyway.”
“Does she know that? Hell, do you know that? I mean you did have your tongue pretty far down her throat this morning.”
I groaned and pinched the bridge of my nose. “That was a mistake, it shouldn’t have happened.” I stepped into my building, dreading going up the stairs to face Brooke. “Until yesterday we hadn’t even spoken since the break-up. I figured she’d moved on.”
He scoffed. “Yeah because women are clearly rational and understanding creatures.” The phone was silent for a beat before he spoke again. “Did you fuck her?”
“No Benj,” I said, climbing the stairs. “I’m not that stupid.” Beyond the kiss and Brooke whining about how much she’d missed me that was about where our interaction ended. I’d told her we were done and left soon after to head to my parents’.
I leaned my head back and let out a heavy breath when I saw Brooke.
She stood outside my dorm banging on the door and screaming for Benji to let her in.
I shook my head at her. I’d said it before and I’ll say it again. She was going to be the death of me. “Brooke. Could you please stop before you get us kicked out?”
She turned to me and narrowed her eyes. “Could you tell your cousin to stop being an asshole?”
I rubbed the growing tension in my neck from the impending migraine, praying for the day to just be over. “What are you doing here, Brooke?”
Her lips puckered and twisted to the side in this weird little half smile she liked to do when she was trying to soften me up. “I miss my boyfriend. Isn’t that reason enough?” She slid her arms around my neck and stood on her toes for a kiss.
I dodged it and pried her hands apart to move them. “Don’t do that. Don’t act like we’re this happy little couple. We broke up, Brooke. I told you we’re over.”
She stuck out her bottom lip and ran a finger over my chest and tugged at my zipper. “I know. I wanted to give you time to cool off, but I missed you.”
I rolled my eyes at the baby voice she was using. I never understood why she thought that was attractive. “I have cooled off, but I haven’t changed my mind. All we ever do is fight, and I’m sick of it. I can’t do this with you anymore. Like I told you, we’re do”
“I’m pregnant.”
And it all came tumbling down. Every idea I had of a future with Gabi, crushed with those two words.
After forcing Benji out, I sat on the bed next to Brooke praying for a do-over. I just wanted to go back. Do what I should’ve done the moment Gabi had walked back into my life. Ended a drowning relationship and given into the feelings for the only girl I’d ever truly loved.
It took that dance, that kiss, those few precious moments with my best friend in my arms to realize I’d never loved Brooke, not really. Not compared to what I had with Gabi. She was my air, my soul, my world. If she was dying, I’d rip out my heart with my bare hands just to see her on the other side. Gabi was my everything. It felt like my lungs were collapsing because without her I couldn’t breathe.
How could I even look her in the eye now? This was far beyond the kiss she’d witnessed between me and Brooke. It was over. I didn’t deserve her, not after this. I glanced away from the pregnancy test and over at Brooke who was sitting silently with tears running down her face. “I had to ask.”
She looked at me and frowned. “I haven’t been with anyone else, I swear. It’s yours.”
Some screwed up part of me wished she had, anything to get me out of this.
I fell back on my bed and covered my face with a pillow. Fuck.

~ * ~

I’d resorted to stalking. Gabi had a late class on Tuesday’s, so I’d come thirty minutes early and leaned on the side of the building. It was getting closer to November now, and the wind chill was killing me, but this was the only way. I knew we’d never be together now thanks to my idiocy, but I still needed her in my life. Selfish as it was, I needed my friend back.
Ten minutes later a few students exited the building. I waited until she passed to follow, not wanting to risk her taking off. “Gabi! Gabi, wait up!”
The courtyard was nearly empty so I knew she heard me. I never thought I’d be so affected by a woman giving me the silent treatment.
“Gabi, will you just talk to me?”
She spun to face me so fast I almost ran into her. “What?”
The fire in her eyes made every word I was about to say die in my throat. An angry Gabi was difficult to have a conversation with, mostly because her fists did most of the talking. At least they had when we were kids. When we’d first met, she’d introduced her knuckles to my bottom lip.
“Why are you avoiding me?”
“I’m not.” She turned to walk away but I grabbed her hand to stop her.
She snatched away and glared at me.
Correction, she wasn’t mad, she was pissed. “Well?”
“I’m not avoiding you, Jayson. I’ve been busy.”
“Really? Because you were hanging out with Cam at Angelo’s and mysteriously disappeared when you went into the bathroom. You won’t answer my calls, and now I’m chasing you through the courtyard just to talk to you.”
“I’m–”
“You’re chewing your hair. You always do that when you’re nervous...or lying.”
She snatched the strand from her mouth and stared down at her book.
“I’m surprised you haven’t coughed up a hair ball by now,” I joked, trying to lighten the mood. If I could at least get her to crack a smile, maybe things would be okay.
She kept her eyes down but the corners of her mouth twitched like they always did when she was trying to keep from laughing. A giggle slipped from her lips and the tension lifted a bit.
Never saw her fist coming. I rubbed my sore rib cage, damn she hit hard.
“Don’t make me laugh. I hate you.”
The air left my lungs. I’d rather she went for my nuts next than to ever hear those words from her again. “Why?” Yes, I was playing dumb. I knew exactly why she hated me and I deserved every ounce of it.
“Because we can’t be friends anymore, Jayson. You’re my best friend in the world and I just lost you.”
“What? Why would you even say that?”
She looked at me like I’d grown a second head. “Are you crazy? You kissed me, Jayson.”
“I know.”
“Why? Why would you do that?”
“I don’t know.”
“You don’t– Who kisses a girl who isn’t their girlfriend and doesn’t know why?”
I hated lying to her but I couldn’t tell her how I felt, not now. I tried to focus on what she was saying but now that she was near me I couldn’t get my mind off those sweet, velvety lips. My eyes drifted down to them and all I could think of was tasting them again. She was still yelling at me but my mind was elsewhere.
The rays from the setting sun formed a halo behind her, highlighting the red in her soft curls. I was overcome with the urge to brush them behind her ear and pull her close to me.
Gabi snapped her fingers in front of my face, pulling me back to reality. “Earth to Jayson. What is wrong with you?”
“Nothing.” If she knew where my mind had roamed she’d punch me again then slap my face for good measure. “I don’t see what any of that has to do with us not being friends.”
“You have a girlfriend, Jayson. Brooke has hated me since day one, always accusing me of trying to get with you. She sees me as a threat and you just proved her right.”
I opened my mouth to speak but she held up her hand, cutting me off.
“I can’t be around you knowing what we’ve done. As much as I can’t stand Brooke that isn’t fair to her and I’m nobody’s other woman.”
“Other woman? Geez Gabi, you act like we’re having an affair.”
“Is it really that different? You’re in a relationship with one girl while having feelings for another.”
“There are no feelings, Gabi.”
Tears sprang to her eyes and she tucked her quivering bottom lip into her mouth.
Shit. More tears, again caused by me. But how could I tell her the truth?
She blinked a few times before looking up at me. “Then why?”
“I was drunk.”
She raised a brow. “Drunk?”
I wanted nothing more than to be honest with her, but if she was willing to walk away because I had feelings for her, what would she do if she found out about Brooke’s pregnancy? How did you confess something like that anyway? Hey Gabi, I’m in love with you and I want us to be together but my ex-girlfriend is pregnant. She’d said it herself, she’d never be with a man that already had kids. Sure, there was a possibility of it not being my child, but I had no way of proving otherwise any time soon. And I couldn’t ask her to wait to find out. She deserved better than that.
Gabi was my best friend in the world, hell the universe. I’d lost her for three years already, I couldn’t risk her walking out of my life forever, so I stuck to my lie.
“Yeah. I’d had a few beers. I’m an idiot when I’m drunk.”
She eyed me for a long moment. If she’d figured out my lie she didn’t let on. “So, the kiss meant nothing?”
I shook my head, the lie burning my tongue.
“Swear on our friendship.”
Dammit. “I swear on our friendship the kiss meant nothing.” The words left a bitter taste in my mouth.
She squinted at me and twisted her lips before faking a smile. Her eyes gave her away. It was always the eyes. “Good.”
“So, we’re cool?”
“Like ice.”
I couldn’t help but laugh at her corniness. “We still on for Saturday?”
“Of course. I haven’t been to the aquarium in years. I can’t wait.” She glanced down at her watch then took a step back. “I really do have to study. I’ll see you later, okay?”
“Yeah.”
After she left I walked over to the fountain and sank down on the bench in front of it. If a meteor came crashing down on me I deserved it. I’d just lied to the one person in my life that meant more than anything to me. And now I could never tell her how I felt, if she ever found out I’d lied to her she’d never forgive me.

Chapter Seventeen

Gabi

My façade had shattered as soon as I turned away from Jay and the tears hadn’t stopped falling since. I sat in my dorm with my knees pulled up to my chin, his words reverberating in my head. I don’t know why I expected different. Jay wasn’t all of a sudden going to proclaim his undying love for me. I was his friend, his home girl, nothing more.
Admitting that, even in thought, set off another round of sobs.
Cam walked in giggling at someone on the phone and not paying me an ounce of attention.
I wiped my tears away but more took their place. When I sniffled Cam finally looked up at me.
She hung up on whoever was on the phone without a goodbye and came and sat next to me on the bed. “What’s the matter?”
Why was it when people asked that question it always made you cry harder? I laid my head in her lap and tried to get my sobbing under control while she stroked my hair, waiting patiently for me to speak.
“Jay doesn’t love me. At least not the way I want him to.”
“I doubt that.” She handed me the tissue box from my nightstand.
“He said it himself, Cam.” I sat up and wiped at my tears again. “He didn’t mean to kiss me. He was drunk when it happened. That’s all I am to him, a drunken mistake.”
“No offense sweetie, but if you believe that you’re dumber than he is.”
I released a bitter chuckle and shook my head. “What’s not to believe? Look around. Do you see him? No. Because he’s with her.”
“But–”
“No buts, it’s over. He doesn’t want me.”
She patted my knee and pulled me into a hug. “I’ll let it go for now because you’re upset, but if you were on the outside looking in, you’d be over there fighting for what’s yours. I don’t know why Jay said such an awful thing, but I know he loves you.”
I pulled away and laid down on my bed, hugging my pillow to my chest as I sunk into the next stage if grieving, numbness. It engulfed me in its hold, bringing with it a feeling I wished could last forever, nothing.
Cam rubbed my shoulder, a deep frown creasing her small face. “You want me to kick his ass?”
The thought crossed my mind for a brief moment, but it wouldn’t solve anything. “No, I just want to be alone.”
She hesitated, smoothing down my hair once more before leaning over to kiss my forehead. “I’m here if you need me, sweetie.”
I shifted in bed to stare at the ceiling, Haikeem invading my mind, or his words rather. Jay had successfully stolen my joy, he’d stolen everything. My heart, my soul, even my breath. I was an empty shell, void of anything resembling life. What was worse, as much as I hated him in this moment, I missed my best friend. When I was sad he was the person I went running to, but how could I when he was the cause?
I buried my head under my blanket and sobbed until my chest felt like it would cave in.


The sound of my ring tone pulled me out of my slumber. I wasn’t in the mood to even be a person, let alone socialize, but I recognized the tone as my dad’s and it’d been a while since we’d spoken. I rolled over to answer it, noting Cam sitting at her desk instead of out like usual. Knowing she’d done it for me, I allowed myself a tiny smile.
I picked up my phone and pulled my blanket back over my head, shivering. “Hi Daddy.”
“Hey there, Sweet Pea. What’s going on?”
“Nothing, just school. You know, boring stuff.”
He chuckled, the sound lifted my spirit a tad. “Boring? I’m paying all that money in tuition for you to be bored?”
“Okay, not boring, just normal stuff.”
“Uh huh. So, how you doing baby girl?”
“Fine.”
He was silent for a beat. My dad despised one word answers, it drove him crazy. “You don’t sound fine...have you been crying?”
Now it was my turn to be silent. It was creepy how he did that. No matter how well I tried to hide it, my dad could always tell when I was down, even if I’d been crying. But through the phone? “No.”
“Gabi.”
“I’m fine, Dad.”
“Do I need to come up there and kick someone’s ass?”
“No.” I thought of something to add before he got frustrated with my short answers. “Can I ask you something?”
“Of course you can, knuckle head.”
“How do I know if...” I hesitated, unsure of how to broach the subject. We were close but I’d never confided in him about matters of the heart. “If a man loves me?”
“A man?”
I yanked the phone from my ear, wincing from the sudden rise in his voice.
He continued to rant while I rolled my eyes. “What man? You should be focusing on your school work, not thinking about love or men. I knew I shouldn’t have let you go away for college. I’m gonna have to kill someone, I know it.” He sighed and I just knew he was pacing and shaking his head like he always did when he was frustrated.
I almost laughed at the notion that he could’ve actually kept me from leaving. I was a strong willed child, if I wanted to do something, I did it. My dad would protest, but one bat of my eye lashes and I had him. I loved being a daddy’s girl. “Are you done?”
“No.” The line was silent for twenty seconds. “Yes. Sweet Pea, what’s this all about? What man?”
“Nobody, I’m just curious.”
“Gabrielle.”
I’d almost forgotten the effect he had on me, too. While I had the ability to bend his will, there were a few things he would not be moved on. Boys, and I suppose men now, were one of them.
I didn’t answer right away, his silent fathering weighed down on me. I could just hang up and pretend my phone died. Sighing, I freed myself from my cocoon and came clean. “Jayson.”
My dad was the only person besides Cam to whom I’d revealed my feelings for Jay, which had been completely by accident. Shortly after we’d moved to Chicago, I’d left my journal open on the kitchen table while I’d gone to the bathroom and my dad had discovered Gabrielle Naomi Adams scribbled across the page a hundred times. I’d had no choice but to come clean when he’d given me ‘the dad look.’
“Is that why you sound like the life’s been sucked out of you? Did something happen?”
“No, dad. I’m just confused is all. Sometimes it seems like he likes me as more than a friend, and sometimes...” He kisses other girls. In truth, I had no right to be angry with him for kissing Brooke, she was his girlfriend after all. I was the one making out with her boyfriend behind her back.
My dad sighed into the phone. “I’m no love expert, honey.”
“But you and mom have been together for twenty years, you have to know something. How’d you show her you loved her?”
The line was silent for so long I thought we’d lost the connection until he spoke. “Well, if he’s too big of an idiot to come right out and say it, there’s a few ways to tell.” He cleared his throat before continuing “If he goes out of his way to make you feel special. Drops everything and comes running when you’re sick or hurt. He accepts you regardless of your flaws, embraces them even. Tells you how beautiful you are even when you both know you’re looking a hot mess.” He laughed at his own corniness. “I think the most important one though, is the way he looks at you. Like no one else exists. Studies you when you talk, like what you’re saying is the most important thing in the world. Or stares into your eyes, like if he searches hard enough he’ll see your soul.”
I wiped a tear from the corner of my eye and smiled. “Wow dad. I didn’t know you were such a romantic.”
His laughter filtered through the phone. “Well, I guess I’m speaking from experience.”
“Aww, with mom? That’s so sweet.”
His laughter died and he cleared his throat. “Since you mentioned your mom, when’s the last time you talked to her?”
“Last week, and I won’t be doing it again any time soon. She’s so mean to me Dad. Why does she hate me?”
“Your mom doesn’t hate you, sweetheart. She’s just never been too good at showing affection. I’ll talk to her of you want.”
“Don’t bother. I’m done trying.” My parents didn’t have talks, they had fights. I wasn’t going to cause one.
“You two need to sit down and hash things out. She’s your mom.”
“And I’m her daughter. But she doesn’t act like it.”
He sighed heavily but didn’t respond. There was a loud thud on his end followed by a female voice. “I have to get going sweetheart. I’ll talk to you soon. Call your mother.”
No. “Okay Daddy. I love you.”
“Love you too, Sweet Pea.”
After we hung up I lay there thinking about all the things my dad had said. Jay treated me special but he’d always done so, even when we were kids. He also accepted my flaws, but then again, Jay didn’t judge anyone. I covered my face with a pillow and groaned. My dad’s advice had only left me more confused. How was I supposed to know how Jay looked at me? If he loved me wouldn’t he be here right now instead of with her?

~ * ~

Jay and I ran side by side with a heavy silence hanging over us. I hadn’t wanted to see him yet, had even ignored his call, but then he’d shown up at my dorm at five a.m. with those stupid puppy dog eyes.
A thick fog surrounded us, which seemed to chill the air more than it already was. We hadn’t been moving long so my body hadn’t had a chance to build up any heat. I just wanted to be back in my bed.
We’d just made it to the gravel area of the running trail when something slid beneath my foot and I fell forward. I caught myself with my hands, but my knees still scraped against the ground.
Jay skidded to a stop and squatted down in front of me. “You okay?”
“Yeah, just dandy.” I turned and sat on my butt to examine the damage. My hands only had a couple of scrapes but both of my knees stung and a bit of blood seeped through my sweatpants.
“Come on, I’ll take you back to my dorm to get cleaned up.” He slid his arm beneath my bent knees and scooped me up like a rag doll.
I struggled, trying to get down. “I’m fine. It’s just a skinned knee, I can walk.”
“No, you’re hurt. I got you.”
I continued to fight against his hold. “Put me down.” I didn’t want to be in his arms. I didn’t want him touching me. I wanted to hate him. Why couldn’t I just hate him?
He held me tighter and I fought harder until he gave up and deposited me onto the damp sand.
I fell to the ground in a heap of tears. I was a mess. I wasn’t supposed to cry in front of him. He wasn’t supposed to see how much his rejection had affected me. When he sat down and tried to touch me I scooted away. “Don’t.”
“Gabi.”
I stared down at the sand, not bothering to wipe my tears at this point. “We shouldn’t hang out for a while. I think we need some separation.”
“Gabi, no.”
“Jay–”
“No.” He pulled me onto his lap and held me against his chest. “You can’t leave me. You promised.” His voice broke and he buried his face in my hair. “I know I have no right to it after I broke mine, but please, please don’t go. I need you.”
“JJ.” I sobbed against his chest. I didn’t want to let go but it hurt too bad to hold on. At the same time, I didn’t want to hold on. I wanted to close off my heart to him. Lock him out forever, but my soul would not allow it. He was my weakness.
“Please, Little Red, I can’t lose you again. I’m sorry. Please don’t leave me.”
The rawness in my throat burned as I swallowed and nodded against his chest. “Okay.”
Sniffling, he gathered me into his arms and started to head toward the dorms with me clinging to him. My heart was being ground to a pulp and I wasn’t sure how much more I could take.

Chapter Eighteen

Jay

She was slipping away. Each day that passed, a little more light faded from her eyes. The thread of our friendship was on the brink of snapping. Only one tiny strand remained and the edges were frayed. The way she looked at me was even changing. Gone was the smile that would grace me upon entering a room. She didn’t hug me anymore, she flinched whenever I went to touch her, and I couldn’t pay her to look me in the eye.
In a few short days, I’d tarnished everything that was precious to me. At least I no longer had to wonder how she felt. It was clear that just being around me was killing her. I should’ve just let her go, but no, I had to be a selfish bastard yet again and beg her to stay.
Staring up at the inky blackness of my ceiling, I bit down on my bottom lip, trying in vain to keep my tears at bay. I’d screwed up everything, was on my way into fatherhood and losing the love of my life all in one go. I didn’t want to imagine her anywhere that wasn’t by my side. Losing her for three years was bad enough, an eternity would kill me.
But that’s the thing about love, I’d risk my soul to allow her to keep breathing. She deserved happiness. With me that would never be possible. Not with Brooke in the picture. Sure, people co-parented, but things with Brooke were far from civil, and I refused to put Gabi through that hell.
Fifteen. The number of hours until our day at the aquarium. I’d considered cancelling, but I wanted her last memory of me to be a happy one.
My chest burned thinking of all the things I was losing. Her raspy laugh. Her soft hair tickling my face when I hugged her close. The way she chewed her bottom lip when something confused her. Things some other guy would get to cherish. Maybe Haikeem. She always seemed happy with him.
In the few weeks they’d dated he’d put me to shame. Maybe that’s why I despised the guy so much. Where I broke promises, he took her on fancy picnics and defended her against assholes like me. Yeah, she deserved someone like that.
Me...I deserved everything that was coming to me.
I felt around the bed for my phone and hit a random button to light up the screen. Gabi’s smiling face stared back at me. Tracing the curve of her jaw, I memorized every part of her. I was gonna miss my Little Red.
Keys jingled outside the door and a second later Benji stumbled in. He flipped on the overhead light, damn near blinding me.
I covered my eyes with my arm to block it. “Man, turn that shit off.”
I heard him moving around the room then the lamp clicked on. I waited a few seconds to expose my irises to the semi-darkened room.
Benji sat on his bed frowning at me. “What are you doing in bed so early on a Friday? It’s not even ten o’clock.”
Turning my gaze back to the ceiling, I shrugged. “I got a lot on my mind.” That was the only information I’d divulge. The mood I was in, I was bound to curse him out if I had to listen to his smart ass comments. Especially if he found out about Brooke.
“You talk to Gabi?”
My mouth stayed shut, but apparently he didn’t get the message because he kept talking. “The way you’re pouting I’m gonna take a wild guess that you either haven’t, or it didn’t go well?”
I squeezed my eyes shut and blew out a heavy breath. “Not now, Benj.”
“Then when? Ignoring it won’t make it disappear, ain’t that what you’re always telling me?”
I turned my back on him, staring out the window at the moon. “Just let it go.”
He smacked his lips, the bed squeaking as he moved around. “Well fuck you too then. Last time I try to help.”
The jingle of his keys told me he was leaving again. I didn’t care, the contempt I felt for myself would keep me company.


I woke to sunlight peeking through the blinds, taunting me with its glory while a dark cloud hung over my head. I was drifting off again when a baritone voice caused me to jump. He didn’t... I cast a cautious glance over my shoulder and spotted my father sitting at my desk. Benji sat on the edge of his bed nodding to whatever my father had said.
Without making any sudden movements, I returned to my position, hoping they hadn’t noticed.
“Get up.”
Shit.
I swung my feet over the bed then stood to stretch out the stiffness in my back. Glancing at the clock caused my chest to tighten. Four more hours.
My dad’s eyes appraised me. He had that look on his face, the one that said a lecture was coming.
“Sup, Pops.”
“Don’t ‘Sup’ me. Sit down.” He fixed me with a glare and crossed his arms. “Now, what’d you do to Gabi? And don’t lie.”
“Sh-she called you?”
“No, Benjamin did. Woke me up last night with some pretty disturbing news, something about you making Gabi cry?”
I snarled at Benji, clenching my fists to let him know once Pops left he was a dead man. Then looked back at my father, whose expression hadn’t changed. “You know I’m your child, right?”
“So is she. Talk.”
I bowed my head, resting my arms on my knees. “I messed up, Pops. It’s bad.” My gaze burrowed into the carpet. Once I told him, I’d be the dead man, or at least short a limb.
“Continue.”
I kept my gaze down. The disappointment I’d see in his eyes was too much. “Brooke’s pregnant.”
Benji called me every type of dumbass, but my father remained silent.
The slap was so loud it made my ears ring. I clutched at the back of my neck and glared at Benji who found the situation hilarious. I hadn’t gotten one of those since I was thirteen, the day I met Gabi, the day we fought. My dad had gotten on me for hitting a girl.
He sat back down in his chair shaking his head at me. “Your mother and I raised you better than this. Always protect yourself.”
Benji scoffed. “Sex Ed 101, strap up.”
I gave him the finger which got a glare from my dad. “Y’all don’t think I know that? Of course I used protection. Condoms fail.”
“Obviously. Let’s hope all you got was her pregnant.”
I added a tally for every smart remark Benji made. He was piling on to his ass whoopin’. “Do you ever shut up?”
“Knowing Brooke’s ass it ain’t even yours.”
I shook my head and ran a palm over my face. “She says it is, but I have no way of knowing if she’s lying.”
“I do. Her lips moved,” he said with a laugh. “Did she take a test?”
“Yes, Benji. She took a test.”
“Did you watch her take it?”
“What do you want me to do, sit there and watch the girl pee?”
“Hell yeah. As conniving as Brooke is, I’d have held the stick for her.”
My dad frowned at him and his smile vanished. “Enough, Benjamin.” He moved from the chair and took a seat next to me on my bed. “What are your plans? Do you still plan to get your degree?”
“Of course. I’m not dropping out of school, Pop. I plan to step up and handle my responsibility as a father.”
He nodded. “And Gabi?”
My stomach lurched, knowing what would happen less than four hours from now. “I have to let her go. I love her too much to ask her to deal with my screw up. She has her whole life ahead of her.”
“You’re a fucking idiot.”
“Benjamin!” My father yelled. He gave him a long stare before turning his attention back to me. “I know you believe you’re doing the right thing, but don’t you think you should give her a choice in the matter? Who’s to say she won’t accept you?”
There was a small possibility that she just might do so, but I wouldn’t let her. She had so much life to live and I would only hold her back. “I don’t deserve her acceptance.”
“So, you’re just gonna walk away from Gabi not even knowing if the child is yours?”
“What am I supposed to do? String her along for the next nine months while Brooks makes her life a living hell? No, I’ve done enough damage in Gabi’s life. Even if the baby isn’t mine…Asking her to be with me would be selfish, I’ve done enough of that.”
“Son, think about what you’re doing.”
“I have.” I stood, done discussing it. “I gotta get ready. We’re meeting in a couple hours.”
He caught my arm before I could walk away. “You’re making a big mistake.”
“No,” I said with a shake of my head. “I already did that.”

~ * ~

Today she looked more beautiful than I’d ever seen her. She wore a royal blue sweater and a pair of gray jeans and her hair hung over her shoulders in loose frizzy curls, just the way I liked it. It warmed my heart when she actually smiled, even if it was at the sea turtles and not me.
I’d hung back when she’d watched the electric eels, admiring her profile. I stored each part of her in my memory bank to cherish later when I reminisced on the days we were happy. 
We moved through each exhibit, her mood bright as she enjoyed all her favorite aquatic animals. I only smiled when she’d look at me, and though genuine, it hurt to do so. I’m sure had anyone been following us they’d have stepped on the fragments of my heart trailing behind.
She stopped at a souvenir stand and captured my soul with those big brown eyes as she picked out a pink stuffed dolphin. I paid the cashier before we moved on.
After visiting all the exhibits, we left, deciding on a walk on the beach. Soon the lake would freeze over. November was three days away and winter was upon us. I’d had so many things planned for the season. Ice skating, sledding, I’d even considered trying out skiing this year. All of which I wanted us to do together.
Gabi stopped suddenly and looked up at the darkening sky.
I watched her, wondering what she was doing. A white flake drifted down and landed on the tip of her nose. The first snow.
She grinned and then stuck out her tongue, trying to catch one. I couldn’t have chosen a better memory as our last.
Reaching out, I pulled her into a hug, my soul trying to cling to hers. “I love you.”
She moved her head back, staring up at me. “What?”
“You were right before.” My voice refused to speak above a whisper.
“About what?”
“We shouldn’t hang out.”
Her eyes flitted around, searching mine. “For how long?”
I dropped my gaze unable to take the intensity of her stare. “Forever, Gabi.”
She stepped out of my embrace, unshed tears coating her lashes. “Wh-what are you saying?”
I rubbed at the back of my neck. It was time to come clean. It was the only way she’d understand. “Brooke’s–”
She scoffed, her eyes hardening into a glare. “Of course it’s Brooke. It’s always her.”
“Gabi, let me ex–”
“I’d understand it, if you hadn’t kissed me, if you hadn’t begged me to stay, I’d understand you choosing her.”
“Gab–”
“You begged me. I was walking away and you cried for me not to leave you. Made me promise. And now you’re leaving me...for her.” A tear broke free and crawled down her inflamed cheek, splashing into the pit of my soul. “I am your best friend! I’ve always been there for you. Even after you abandoned me, I forgave you, because I loved you. But God forbid you love me back.”
Red splotches covered her tear soaked face. Tears I’d caused. She clutched her chest like she was having trouble breathing.
I went to her, wrapping her in my arms. She had to know I loved her, that’s why I was freeing her.
She fought out of my hold and pushed me away. “Don’t touch me.” Dropping her stuffed toy in the sand, she punched my gut. “I hate you.” She hit me again but I didn’t budge. “I hate you. I hate you. I hate you.” Her small fists pummeled my chest, and I stood there and took it.
Wetness dripped from her eyes and nose but she didn’t care. She continued her assault, a scowl etched across her angelic face. Her palm flew across my cheek, leaving a sting in its wake. “I hate you!”
She finally stopped and stood breathing hard, her shoulders shook from the sobs she couldn’t seem to control.
I dared not touch her, less she start her attack all over again.
Her scowl melted away and she looked up at me. A deep frown creased her brow, and her lips quivered for a second before she spoke. “Don’t call me. If you see me, don’t even look at me. Don’t even think about begging me to forgive you again, because I won’t. You got your wish, I’m gone.” She stepped away and turned to leave.
A few feet away she stopped and faced me again. Her hand went to her neck, grasping the dolphin charm. She snatched it off, breaking the chain, balled it in her fist, and flung it into the lake.
I stood on the beach, staring after her until she was but a distant memory, then sank to my knees in the sand and clutched at my head. An ocean must have fallen from my eyes as I sat there sobbing for the world to see. What had I done?

Chapter Nineteen

Gabi

Life continued. Jay was gone, and the world kept spinning. At least everyone else’s did. The air around me was impenetrable, weighing down my soul. How could you feel so heavy, yet hollow all at once?
It wasn’t until my alarm clock went off Monday morning that I realized a day had passed, then Tuesday, Wednesday. I was pretty sure it was Thursday. I had Calculus today, but that was a Friday class. Was it Friday? I pulled out my phone and scrolled to my calendar. It was.
The smiley face marked on Sunday mocked me. Mrs. Adams would be expecting me to be there. I didn’t want to let her down, but how could I go if he was there. Certainly, she knew by now that we’d parted ways. Unless he didn’t tell her. I suppose he wouldn’t, she didn’t need the stress.
I’d already missed last Sunday, and ignored her text, making me feel like a pile of crap. I wondered what excuse he’d given her for my absence.
My phone rang in my hand and I hurried to silence the ringer then answer it. “What’s up, Kas?”
“Hey sis, why are you whispering?”
“Because I’m in a library. Did you need something?”
“Wow, Sis. I can tell you miss me sooo much.”
I took a deep breath and rubbed my temple. I didn’t mean to be short with him, but I wasn’t really in a sociable mood. “Sorry Kas. I’m just not feeling well today. What’s up?”
“Is everything okay?”
“Yeah, just a bug that’s going around.”
He was silent for a beat, and I was sure he could see through my lie. “Make sure you get some rest. Okay?”
“Okay, big little brother.”
He chuckled, and it struck me just how deep his voice had gotten. “Anyway, I need some advice.”
Leaning back in my chair, I crossed my legs. “What kind of advice?”
“Well, my girlfriend’s birthday is in a couple weeks and I’m not sure what to get her.”
“Why didn’t you ask Dad?”
“I need a woman’s perspective.”
“And Mom?”
He scoffed. “Let’s not even go there.” Our mom wasn’t as hard on him as she was me, but they still had their moments.
I sighed. “Okay, what type of gift did you have in mind?”
“I thought about jewelry but I don’t want it to be anything generic. It has to be special. Something to show her I love her.”
I took the phone away from my ear and stared at it for a second before putting it back. “Love? What do you know about love? You’re fifteen.” Heck, what did I know about love? Apparently not a damn thing.
“And? There’s no age on love?”
“If you say so.”
He smacked his lips into the phone. “Don’t be acting salty ‘cause you single.”
The sting of his words made me flinch, but I couldn’t even hold it against him. How was he to know his big sister had just had her heart ripped out by the only boy she’d ever loved?
I sat in silence chewing the inside of my jaw.
“Hello? You there?”
“Yeah, Kas. I’m still here.”
“I was just playing.”
“I know.” I faced forward and tapped my pencil against my notebook. “So, tell me about this girl. What’s she like?”
I could practically see him cheesing through the phone. “Her name is Logan, and she actually reminds me of you in a way.”
“Ooookay, because that’s not weird at all.”
“Eww, Gabi. Not like that. I just mean that she’s a good person. Always thinking of others, you know. She has a big heart.”
“Aww, she sounds nice. What you should do is think about the things she likes and go from there. Like the dolphin necklace I have because they’re my favorite animal.” My hand went to my neck instinctively, and I had a five second panic attack when I felt nothing but bare skin. Pain rose in my chest upon remembering what had become of the trinket I’d once held so dear.
Kas was still talking but I only caught the last bit of what he was saying. “So maybe I should get her a necklace with a musical note.”
“That sounds nice.”
“Alright, that’s what I’ll do then. Thanks, Sis.”
“You’re welcome.”
“Bye.”
“Bye Kasper the friendly ghost.”
He groaned before the line clicked off. He hated when I made fun of his name.
I was glad that he was happy in his relationship, but what kind of world was it when my fifteen-year-old brother could find love and I couldn’t?
Sighing, I put my phone down and went back to studying. I’d chosen the library so I could have some peace and quiet. I loved Cam like a sister but if she brought him up one more time I’d scream. Even if her doing so was to threaten his life...and anatomy. That girl had some violent tendencies.
After reading the same page for the fifth time and not absorbing a thing, I slammed my book shut.
“Easy, Red. Don’t take it out on knowledge.”
My head jerked up at the sound of Haikeem’s voice.
He stood at the end of my table, flashing me that crooked smile.
I tried to return the gesture but couldn’t muster the strength, not that I had a reason to smile.
Keem being Keem sensed my somber mood. He pulled up a chair next to me and patted my hand. “What’s the matter, Red?”
I kept my gaze down. Leaving Keem was my greatest mistake. I should’ve stayed, tried harder to love him. I’m sure it would’ve come eventually. Instead I’d dumped him for a man who deep down I’d always known I’d never have. A squeeze of my hand drew my attention up. His hazel eyes, filled with so much concern, searched mine. Even after I’d hurt him, he still cared for me.
He brushed my hair back, his fingers giving a gentle caress to my cheek. “What did he do?”
I fought so hard not to give in to the sob burning in my chest or the tears threatening to fall. It was all futile. Then his strong arms wrapped around me, and the floodgates broke.
He rubbed my back, his warmth surrounding me as I cried into his shirt. “You don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want to.”
I tried to pull away but he held me tighter, and didn’t let go until my tears had subsided. Using the sleeve of his shirt, he cleaned up my face. “Why don’t you hang out with me for a while, get your mind off things?”
“I couldn’t ask you to do that.”
He stood and smiled. “You didn’t, I offered. Now, come on.” He held out his hand for me to take, which I graciously accepted.


“Where are we going?” I asked once we were in his car.
“There’s this place downtown that plays Neo Soul and R&B. I thought we could get some food and listen to some good music. That combo always cheers me up.”
Forty-five minutes later I glanced around the restaurant Keem had chosen. The atmosphere was warm and cozy, but looking around I noticed quite a few couples cuddled up. It seemed as though everyone had someone to love but me.
Keem took my hand and looked down at me. “We can go somewhere else if you want.”
“No, it’s fine.” He was nice enough to do this for me, I didn’t want to be a bother.
A hostess came over and escorted us to a table. She smiled and gave us our menus. “Hi, I’m Jessie. Welcome to Lavender. Your server will be right with you.”
I looked over my menu even though I didn’t have an appetite. I couldn’t even remember the last time I’d eaten. Sustenance was for the living. I wasn’t sure if I was doing that anymore.
A hush fell over the restaurant and I looked around to see what had happened.
My gaze stopped at the stage and I’m pretty sure my mouth fell open. A gorgeous woman stood behind a microphone smiling at her audience. Her skin was as dark as rich espresso, and flawless. Not a blemish in sight. Thick coils framed her face. It reminded me of my own hair, except hers was the color of coal and fell just below her jawline. She was striking.
The rest of the patrons seemed just as amazed as I was. They sat enthralled as a piano began to play.
My throat tightened upon recognizing the melody, and the lyrics stilled my heart. I closed my eyes, every word of her rendition of ‘Have You Ever?’ by Brandy registering within my soul.
A hand clasped mine, making me jump.
Keem stood above me, a deep frown etched on his face. He beckoned me to stand and nodded toward the exit. “Come on, we’re leaving.”
“We don’t have to. I’m fine.”
“Gabi, you’re crying.”
I lifted my fingers to my face and sure enough it was wet. I accepted his hand and he led me out of the restaurant, not even acknowledging the funny look the hostess gave us.
He drove us to Angelo’s then went inside to get us a to-go order.
I stayed in the car, staring out the window and replaying my fight with Jay. Our day at the aquarium had been so much fun. Then he’d whispered those three little words in my ear. One’s that I’d heard from him hundreds, maybe thousands of times, only different. For a second I’d thought...I pushed it all away. It didn’t matter anymore. He’d chosen her. Not just over being with me, but over our entire friendship.
As if I’d summoned the demon herself, Brooke came waltzing out of Angelo’s. I ducked down in my seat, burying my face between my knees. I didn’t want to see her triumphant grin, knowing she’d won. She had his heart while he’d ground mine to a pulp.
The driver side door opened and I lifted my head a bit to look at Keem.
He lowered his brows, the corners of his mouth turned down. Even his frown was lopsided. “What are you doing?”
I sat up straight, shooting a quick glance out my window to make sure the she-demon was gone. “I dropped something.”
He eyed me for a moment before climbing in and handing me the bag. “I got your favorite, chicken ravioli with the four cheese sauce.”
I held the warm bag in my lap and nodded. “Thank you.”
“We can go to my dorm. My roommate is out for the night.”
“Okay.” The ride to his dorm was quick and silent. When he pulled into the parking lot I froze.
Keem came around to open my door. I sat there staring up at the brick building, unable to even will myself to move. This was the first time he’d ever brought me to his dorm. We’d only ever hung out in mine or out around town.
“What’s wrong?”
I couldn’t look at him. “Please tell me you’re not on the sixth floor.”
“The fifth, why?”
I finally wrenched my gaze away from the building to look at him. “Did you know?”
He stared down at me with his head tilted to the side. “Know...?”
“That you were in the same building as him?”
“Wha–” His eyes widened and he glanced at the dorm. “No, I had no idea. It’s a big building Gabi, and I’m hardly ever here.”
I searched his eyes for the truth. He didn’t exactly have a reason to lie. It wasn’t like he still needed to make Jayson jealous.
Satisfied, I handed him the food and slid out of the car.
We made it inside his dorm room without incident, but my lungs burned from holding my breath so long. I wasn’t sure what I would’ve done if I’d seen Jay. Cry, run, slap his stupid face again maybe. Thankfully I didn’t have to find out.
Slipping out of my shoes, I followed Keem over to his dresser where he sat down the food. A picture stuck to the mirror caught my eye. Each of the smiling faces bore a strong resemblance to Haikeem.
He stood behind me, his body a breath away from mine. “That there’s the tribe.”
I glanced up at his smiling face. “I remember you saying you had a lot of siblings, but sheesh, how many of you are there?”
He chuckled, gazing down at me. “Ten. Six boys, four girls.”
“Yikes. Your mom must be a hell of a lady.”
This time his laughter filled the room. “Yeah, she is. Not because of the child bearing though. A few of us are from my dad’s first marriage and there’s a set of twins, so–”
“Thank you.”
His laughter died, one side of his mouth lifting in a half smile. “No need to thank me. I’m just being a friend.”
An incredible one that I didn’t deserve. My mind filled with all the fun times Keem and I had. He had a way of numbing my pain, and right now, every part of me hurt. Blinking, speaking...breathing. I needed Novocain.
Gripping the front of his shirt, I pulled his face close to mine and stole a kiss. Just a small one to gauge his reaction.
He simply stared at me, his eyes searching mine.
I pressed my lips to his again, guiding my tongue over them to delight in his sweet cinnamon pain reliever.
He broke away, his brows squished together as he searched my face again. “Gabi...”
“Please?”
He blinked twice then surrendered, stealing my lips away and giving me more of his tongue. His hands gripped my waist, inching me forward while he moved back. Soon we were on top if his covers, legs tangled, lips locked. Wrong as it was, in that moment I didn’t care. I’d kiss him for eternity if it erased any and every ounce of the ache in my soul.

~ * ~

Keem’s warm hand enveloped mine as we walked down the stairs of his dorm.
I stopped and turned to face him. “Thank you again, for last night.”
He moved down a step and leaned on the railing, looking up at me. “Stop thanking me, Gabi. You know I care about you.”
“I’m sorry for...”
“And stop apologizing.” He flashed me a smile. “I don’t want you to ever regret me. Because I will never regret being with you, Gabi.” He lifted my hand and brushed a kiss against my knuckles.
I cupped his face, staring into the eyes of what had to be the sweetest guy on the planet. “You’re so amazing. Maybe we could try–”
He shook his head. “As much as I’d like that, it’d never work. Not right now anyway. You were hurting and needed comfort, I get that. But you and I both know your heart still belongs to him.” He brushed my tear away that I didn’t even try to fight. “Give it some time. When your heart heals, if you still want to give it a try, I’d be more than willing. But not before. I’m in love with you, Gabrielle. I could never be your rebound, because if you ever become mine again, I’m not letting you go.” Drawing me near, he pecked my lips. “I mean it.”
The door above us banged open causing me to jump and jerk my head in that direction. Looking down at us was Benji, and right behind him...Jay.

Chapter Twenty

Jay

Haikeem and Gabi.
I scrounged around in the Tim Horton’s bag while Benji drove us to my parent’s Sunday morning. We were taking his car because I hadn’t slept a wink and didn’t trust myself behind the wheel.
Gabi and Haikeem.
Last night had been hell, all Saturday had. Every time I closed my eyes I saw them, naked and tangled in the sheets. Him loving her body the way I should’ve been.
I’d texted her a hundred times and called her twice that amount. She wouldn’t answer.
My little strawberry shortcake was gone. He had her and I’d have to live with it for the rest of my life. Even though I’d considered the possibility of her being with him, happy, I didn’t think she’d actually do it, and I didn’t think it would screw with my head so much. Looking down on them in that stairwell, my choice had become a reality. Her hair was disheveled like it was every morning, meaning she’d spent the night. I’d pushed her into another man’s arms.
Upon seeing me, her eyes had widened before she’d turned and rushed down the remaining stairs, dragging him with her.
By the time I made it outside they were gone.
I tossed the paper bag into the center console with a growl. “What the hell, Benj?”
He looked at me from the corner of his eye and frowned. “What?”
“You didn’t get any cream. How am I supposed to drink my coffee?”
He kept his eyes on the road as he merged onto the freeway. “Maybe if you’d taken your grumpy ass in instead of pouting in the car you’d have cream.”
His chuckling set me on edge. “Screw you.”
“I don’t see what you’re pissed about. You let her go. Remember?”
“It’s been a week.”
“And? You were never in a relationship. She doesn’t owe you anything. And you have a lot of nerve feeling any type of way about it.”
“Cool it, Benj.”
“No. Gabi may not be my best friend, but I care about her too. It was beyond fucked up the way you handled things. That girl loves the hell out of you, and you and I both know you’ve always felt the same. But instead of facing up to it weeks ago, you chose to string that shit along until you were ready. Now you got the audacity to be pissed ‘cause she moved the hell on after you screwed with her heart for how long? You made your choice, so leave her alone. Let her be happy with him if she wants to.”
I readjusted my position, grimacing at the pain in my chest. “Screwing with her heart was never my intention, but what was I supposed to do, just break up with my girlfriend?”
“Hell yeah.”
“What kind of man would that make me? Dumping one woman for another? It was an impossible situation. Hurt one, or both. Yeah Brooke and I had our problems but I wasn’t trying to hurt her either. I know I fucked up. The last thing I need right now is a lecture from you.”
“Why? Because I’m a fuck up and can’t possibly know what I’m talking about?”
I faced him, noting the deep frown creasing his forehead. “You know that’s not what I meant.”
“Whatever, we all know Benji’s the screw up of the family. How could I not be, look who my mother is. But regardless of my indiscretions, at least I can say I’ve never broken a girl’s heart. Or gotten one pregnant.”
“I know I screwed things up, I don’t need you to remind me.”
“Nah, you don’t. She’s your first, you’ll never forget her.”
Heat gripped my heart as she invaded my mind again, wrapped in his arms. “I just can’t believe she slept with him.”
“What makes you so sure she did? You know Gabi’s not like that.”
“Yeah, but I also know how fragile she can be. It’s not far-fetched that she’d seek comfort from her ex. She’s not as tough as she acts, and if he took advantage of her I’ll kill him.”
Benji glanced at me and chuckled. “Easy tiger.”

~ * ~

I jumped out of my sleep and took in my new surroundings. Benji nudged my shoulder again before climbing from the car.
For a while I just sat there, psyching myself up for the charade I was about to put on for my mom. It was hard to be excited to see her when I was lying to her face. I doubted she’d believe Gabi had a cold a second week in a row. But how could I come clean? As bad as my mom felt last week, I didn’t want to do or say anything to push her over the edge. I exited the car and dragged myself up the walk way.
When I got to the kitchen only Pops and Benji sat at the table. “Mom upstairs?”
Pops nodded, sipping on his coffee. The stress of my mother being sick had aged him. His hair was starting to gray at the temples. While he was no strapping young man, he looked well over the forty-two he’d turned just a few months prior.
“How is she?”
“Sleeping a lot.” He sat down his mug and pushed at his food.
Even Benji was only staring at his plate.
I took a seat at the table but made no moves toward any food. The house was thick with silence, the three of us grieving over the inevitable. I was hoping she’d have a good day today so I could see her smile or hear her laugh. Maybe even watch her favorite movies.
Eventually I made my way upstairs to peek in on her. She was so frail beneath her covers, vanishing before my eyes. A world without Nicollete Adams in it was none at all. Everyone’s lives were better with her around. She had this way of smiling in which you couldn’t help but return it, even if all you wanted to do was cry. I needed her smile.
Upon inspecting the room further, I noticed a wheel chair near her bed, and in the corner sat a young woman in scrubs, a nurse. She offered a tiny smile and waved at me. The most I could give was a nod as I ducked in to kiss my mother’s forehead then retreated to my own room.
I lay in bed staring at the wall with a heavy heart, squeezing a pillow to my chest. The feathery sack wasn’t good enough. Nothing was, because not one thing on earth could compare to Gabi’s arms around me and mine around her. I needed her here, hugging me tight, kissing my face, and not telling me things would be okay when I knew they wouldn’t, but still making me feel like it was possible because she was there. I needed my best friend.


I woke to darkness, well almost. Some jackass was shining their high beams right into my room. I stretched on the way over to the window and looked out. A black car sat in the driveway. Two people were in the front but I couldn’t make out any faces.
The passenger door opened, and someone exited. When they passed in front of the car I got a glimpse of red. Gabi?
Rushing down the stairs, I prayed my eyes weren’t playing tricks on me. When I made it to the door Benji was already there, blocking my view. I elbowed past him, stopping when I was in front of her, only the threshold separated us. “Gabi.”
She took a couple steps back, refusing to look at me.
I was two seconds away from dropping to my knees and begging her forgiveness when the high beams shut off and the light inside the car clicked on. He’d done so on purpose, wanted me to see him, to rub it in my face.
My fists shook at my sides and my jaw clenched so hard I was close to popping a tooth. “You brought him here?”
She looked past me, addressing Benji. “Could you tell your cousin I thought you’d be gone by now?”
I turned, shoved Benji back, and slammed the door. When I faced her again she was shooting daggers at me.
“You don’t have to talk through him.”
She shook her head and turned her back on me.
“Wait, where are you going?”
“Home.”
I caught her hand as she reached the last step. “Please tell me you didn’t sleep with him.”
She snatched away, fire in her eyes as she glared up at me. “No. You don’t get to do that. Who I do or don’t sleep with is none of your concern, you lost that privilege.”
“Gabi, I’m sorry.” I reached for her again as she turned, but someone gripped my shoulder. I glanced behind me and shrugged out of my father’s hold.
“Gabrielle.”
She spun and faced us at the sound of my dad’s voice. “Hi, Mr. Adams.”
“Why don’t you go inside and visit with Nicollete, she’s awake now.”
Gabi left almost two feet of space as she circled me, heading toward the house.
I marched toward his car. He must’ve been out of his mind coming to my house with my– Before I could reach my destination, my dad grabbed me again, this time dragging me away.
He led me by the scruff of my neck toward the side of the house and pinned me to the bricks with his forearm against my collar bone. “What do you think you’re doing? You gonna kick this guy’s ass for a mistake you made?”
“But Pops–”
“Whatever happened was your doing. Be angry all you want, but don’t you dare take it out on anyone else.” He released me and stepped away. “Now, you and I both know where Gabi belongs. Fix it.” With that he walked away, leaving me to contemplate his words.
I had no idea how to fix something that was shattered to pieces. All the glue and cement in the world couldn’t rebuild what we’d shared.

~ * ~

My Monday classes couldn’t end fast enough. I headed toward Angelo’s with a determined stride. Benji trailed behind trying to talk me down.
“I’m telling you, all this is gonna do is make things worse. If you think Gabi hates you now, what do you think will happen if you beat up her boyfriend?”
I spun and shoved his chest. “He’s not her boyfriend. And I told you, I’m just going to talk to him.” I closed the remaining distance to Angelo’s then yanked open the door.
A quick scan of the area, and I spotted him heading for the bathroom, giving me the perfect opportunity. I made it inside just as he was washing his hands, and stood with my arms folded waiting for him to finish.
He shut off the sink, pausing when he faced me and Benji. He sized us up before continuing with his business, and grabbing some paper towel. When he tried to pass, I held out my arm, stopping him, and giving him a light push backward.
Closing his eyes, he released a heavy sigh like I was wasting his time. “What?”
I yoked him up before he could blink, pinned him against the wall, and looked him dead in the eye. “Did you sleep with her?”
He arched a brow and smirked. “Define sleep.”
Benji grabbed my wrist before I could break Haikeem’s nose.
I shook him off and gripped Haikeem’s collar tighter. “Don’t play with me. I…she wasn’t herself, and if you took advantage of her...”
His initial response was a snicker, but then his face fell flat. “You know what the difference between me and you is?” When I didn’t acknowledge his question, he continued. “Unlike you, I’m not an asshole. I held her close, kissed her, could’ve made sweet love to her all night long, but I didn’t.” My grip loosened and he shoved me away. “She cried into my pillow about what you did to her. I’d have been a bigger jackass than you to try anything. She needed a friend and I was there.” He fixed his shirt and straightened his name tag. “Now if you’ll excuse me, I have a job to get back to.”
“Wait.”
He turned, a scowl etched on his face. “Why? So you can harass me some more?”
I stared at him for a moment, my pride preventing me from admitting the better man had won, even if they were just friends. “Take care of her. I’ve put her through enough, don’t let any other assholes screw with her heart.”
With one brow raised, he gave a slight nod before turning to leave.

~ * ~

Brooke’s voice filtered through my bubble of pain but I didn’t hear what she’d said and couldn’t care less. She’d shown up at my dorm twenty minutes ago wanting to ‘chill.’ I only agreed because of the life growing inside her. For my child’s sake, I would at least try to get along with its mother.
Another week had passed and Gabi’s absence was starting to take its toll. Every breath I took was a struggle. I was living with half a heart. The part that Gabi held had fled the same night she’d walked away, sinking to the bottom of the lake along with her necklace. Our bond was beyond broken. I’d severed it.
I kept telling myself I’d done the right thing. It was selfish of me to try to hold on to her with where my life was heading. So why did what remained of my heart fail to beat?
I leaned back against the head board and took a long look at Brooke. For the life of me I couldn’t remember the last time we’d been happy. Even before she’d cheated on me all we’d ever done was fight. I struggled to recall what I’d seen in her in the first place.
In high school, she was the girl every guy wanted and every girl wanted to be. Somehow, I’d been the one lucky enough to have Brooke Harrison on my arm. Only now I wasn’t so sure luck had anything to do with it. Brooke played her hand well. Whatever she wanted, she got, no matter who she had to step on to get it.
After our six-month hiatus, she’d convinced me she’d changed and I was the biggest idiot in the world for believing so. And now I’d gone and shackled myself to her for life.
“Did you hear me, Jayson?” She twisted her mouth and looked down her nose at me.
I arched a brow at her and returned the look. “What?”
“I said, why are you sitting there moping?”
I shook my head and let out a sad chuckle. “Nothing, Brooke.”
She frowned for a minute then a smile spread across her face with the likeness of a cat who’d finally captured its prey. She slunk over to me on all fours and eased her way between my legs. “I know what’ll cheer you up.” Her hand slithered beneath my shorts inching toward my manhood.
I caught it and pushed it away. “Don’t.”
She reared her head back looking like she’d just smelled something rancid. “Excuse me?”
“You heard me.”
Her eyes narrowed to slits. “Who is she?”
I released a hard sigh and crossed my arms. “Who is who?”
“The girl you’re fuckin’. I know your appetite for sex, Jayson, and seeing that you haven’t fucked me in a few weeks you gotta be getting it from somewhere.”
I almost laughed at her audacity to accuse me of anything. “I’m not fucking anyone Brooke. That includes you. We’re having a child together, that’s it. We’re not together and we never will be again. “
She climbed from the bed and stood over me with her arms folded. “It’s that nappy red headed whore, isn’t it?”
I stood so I was looking down at her. I know damn well she wasn’t talking about Gabi. “What?”
“Don’t play dumb with me. You’re fucking that little bitch, aren’t you?”
“Watch your mouth.”
“Defending her again? Big surprise.” She paced away from me with her hands on her hips. “If you were gonna cheat you could’ve done better. The bitch ain’t even cute.”
Cheat? This girl had to be hard of hearing. My fists clenched at my sides and the vein in my temple thumped harder. “I’m warning you, Brooke.”
“Or what Jayson?” She looked down at my fists and smirked. “You gonna hit me?”
Now she was just being stupid. I’d never put my hands on a woman and she knew that. “Get out.”
The smug look fell from her face. “You can’t be serious.”
I went to the door and opened it showing her just how serious I was.
She grabbed up her purse and shoes and glared at me as she stormed past.
Before she opened her mouth to curse me to hell I slammed the door in her face.

Chapter Twenty - One

Gabi


I did it. A month had passed and I’d survived, without him. My heart was far from healed, but the bleeding had slowed from a waterfall to a trickle. I no longer woke in the middle of the night and cried myself back to sleep. In fact, if I remembered correctly, it’d been almost two weeks since I’d shed a tear.
I shivered against the bitter wind and pulled my hood tighter on my head. It was only a few days into December and we already had four inches of snow. Not enough for sledding yet, but maybe a fun snowball fight. As kids Jay and I’d had the best– I snapped the rubber band on my wrist, a reminder that while thoughts of him brought a temporary smile, like any other drug it never lasted and the side effects were always disastrous. Love was the most potent of the narcotics, a hard habit to break, but I was determined.
Cam had been a big help. Whenever she caught me feeling down, she’d immediately pull me to my feet and make me dance it out. Either that or take me somewhere to distract my mind. Tonight we were heading to Angelo’s to pick up a pizza for a girl’s night in. She’d offered to go get it by herself, but I’d declined. I’d been avoiding Angelo’s long enough. I had just as much right to eat there as he did.
Taking a deep breath and squaring my shoulders, I walked inside with my head held high. I was barely in the door when our eyes connected. He was almost unrecognizable with his hair that way. Instead of his usual tapered style, it had grown out an inch or two. He also looked like he hadn’t run any clippers over his face in quite some time. His look was wild and scruffy, but it kind of worked for him. Snap.
I continued to the bar and sat next to Cam to wait for our order. He was still watching me. I could feel his eyes on my back.
Cam patted my hand. “You okay?”
“Yeah.” As long as he didn’t talk–I froze. From the corner of my eye I could see him, next to me. Not only that, but his signature smell, Axe body spray mixed with...him invaded my air. I grew dizzy from holding my breath, and inhaled deeply. God, I’d missed that scent.
He signaled the bartender over to place a drink order. “Two ginger-ales, please.”
I kept my gaze straight, and so did he.
He sprinkled a bit of salt on the bar top and pushed it around with his index finger. “My mom misses you. I promised her I’d tell you that she wants you to visit her tomorrow.” He cleared his throat, and added more salt. “I thought we could work out a schedule, that way I can leave before you get there, and um, my dad said to call him if you need a ride.”
Abandoning Mrs. Adams was the worst of all. I hadn’t wanted to risk running into him again. Not to mention I had no ride. Keem was the only person I knew with a car, and I wouldn’t ask him to do that for me again.
The bartender sat the drinks in front of Jay, who took them and stood. He turned to head back to his seat, but paused. I dared not look at him but I could tell he was staring at the floor.
His voice was nearly inaudible when he spoke. “I miss you.”
I felt him retreat, and then I plucked a mint candy from the bowl sitting in front of me.
Cam glanced behind her then reached over and gave me a half hug. “I’m so proud of you. That was a huge step toward leaving him in your past.”
I rolled the peppermint over my tongue and gave a small nod. “Right.”

~ * ~

Sunday evening I sat in the passenger seat of Mr. Adams’ car twiddling my thumbs like a child. Before I left the Adams were like my adoptive parents, and even with the time that passed, nothing had changed. That is until now, until their son skewered my heart.
Mr. Adams kept trying to start up a conversation, but I gave short answers, no more than five words if possible. I know they weren’t to blame for their son’s actions, but being around them was awkward. Not that I’d had any experience, but if I had to guess I’d say it was the equivalent of running into your ex-husband’s family after a messy divorce. How did I behave around them? What did I say?
I prayed they didn’t ask for my side of the story, because I was just as lost as they were. I’d replayed the night Jay and I had kissed a million times. We’d danced together, talked and joked. I was no expert, but I was doubtful he was drunk like he said, so why he’d lied was beyond me. If it was truly because his lack of feelings for me, and trying to get out of the situation, then why had he told me he loved me?
He’d uttered that phrase probably a million times over the course of our friendship, but something about that one felt different, real...final. And then moments later, her name had graced his lips. He’d chosen her, and had the audacity to tell me at Juniper Lake, shattering my soul and forever tarnishing our sacred place.
I’d watched them together, listened when he’d confided in me about how they always fought, how she’d betrayed him. He couldn’t honestly love her more. But then again, if he could accept her after all that, maybe he did.
I pressed the automatic window button to let in some cool air, and hopefully stop my suffocating thought pattern.
Mr. Adams stole a quick glance at me before turning the corner. “How are finals going?”
I took a deep breath before speaking, less my pain be conveyed in my voice. “Good I hope. Only a couple more weeks then I can start my winter break.”
“You visiting your folks?”
I nodded. “My dad wants me to come down. I think it’ll be good to get away for a while.”
He stopped at a traffic light and turned his head to look at me. “I don’t know all the details with what went on between you two, and it isn’t my place to speak on it, but I know he loves you.”
I met his dark eyes. They were so much like Jay’s. “How do you know that?”
He smiled, looking both ways before pulling off. “He’s my son.”
We arrived at their house a while later and I made my way inside to see Mrs. Adams.
A nurse was helping her back into bed when I entered the room. I controlled my emotions best I could and sat in the chair at her bedside. “Hi, Mrs Adams.”
She offered me a smile that looked closer to a grimace. Her eyes were sunken in and her frame was so thin I could probably count her bones if I tried. Her frail hand grasped mine. “Hey sweetie, haven’t seen you in a while.”
“I’m sorry about that.” I started to tell her how busy I’d been but didn’t have the heart to lie to her face, so I ended my apology there.
“I told my son he’s lucky I’m dying and don’t have the strength to get out this bed and whoop his tail.” She laughed at her own joke, which quickly escalated into a coughing fit.
I grabbed a small cup of ice water from her tray on the night stand and helped her take a few sips.
“Thank you, baby. My throat gets so dry these days.”
I sat the cup back in its place then turned to her again. “Jay told you what happened?”
“Not in so many words. But I knew something was up when you stopped coming to visit, and when he was walking around here looking like a sick puppy. That boy should know by now he can’t hide anything from me.”
I chuckled softly. That was true. When we were younger she could always sense when we were up to no good. “What all did he say?”
“Just how much he regretted the way things ended.”
“But not that they ended.” I stared down at my jeans, picking at the tiny rhinestones encrusted on them.
Mrs. Adams patted my hand. “That part is pretty obvious.” She beckoned me near and brushed my hair away from my face. “I know it may seem like all is lost right now, but trust me, when love is meant to be, there’s nothing in the universe powerful enough to stop it.”
I wasn’t sure if it was meant to be, my doubts were plenty, but I smiled at her anyway. “Jay and Benji are lucky to have you Mrs. Adams.”
She frowned and tapped my nose. “No more of that Mrs. Adams nonsense. You call me Mama.”
I reared back a bit, searching her resilient eyes. “Y-you want me to call you mom?”
She cupped my cheek and smiled big, looking in my eyes. “I may not have carried you in my womb or nursed you, but you are my daughter.”
I sniffled, unable to fight my tears any longer, and hugged her close. “I love you...mom.”
“I love you too, sweetheart.” She patted my back and spoke softly. “It’ll work itself out.”
The visit was cut short when she fell asleep in the middle of our conversation. It hurt my heart to watch her fading away, and reminded me that life wasn’t a promise, but a gift.

~ * ~

Tuesday morning I woke bright and early for one last study session before my Physics final. It was my toughest class and I was stoked that it was almost over.
I smiled thinking of my first college semester coming to an end. Boy what an experience it had been. Basically high school with slightly older and equally childish students. I’d been slapped both literally and figuratively, Jay’s being the latter.
Then there was Keem, the guy with a heart three sizes too big. I missed him some days. The way he could always lift my spirits with one flash of that lopsided smile. We’d only spoken in passing since the night he’d taken me to visit Jay’s parents, which was my doing. It was hard to miss the longing in his eyes when he looked at me. That, with his confession of love and I knew I couldn’t torture him. Especially with knowing how it felt to have to be around the person you loved and not have them.
Not only that, but I couldn’t risk making the mistake we’d almost made that night in his bed. With him naked from the belt up, and me on top of him trying to undo said belt. Luckily, he’d had more self-control than I did and had stopped us, preferring to hold me while I cried against his chest.
The last day we’d spoken, the day I’d told him it was best if we severed all ties, including friendship, I’d tried to apologize again for using him. He’d shushed me, saying if that’s what it felt like to be used he wouldn’t trade it for the world. He was gonna make some girl very happy one day.
Cam came out of the bathroom and plopped down on her bed with her hands covering her face.
I sat my pen down and looked her over. “Everything okay?”
“No.” She covered her face with a pillow and growled into it.
I glanced at my watch, and then went to sit next to her. I had just enough time for a girl talk. “What’s wrong?”
Lifting the pillow, she frowned. “My gold digging mother is what’s wrong. She’s getting remarried.”
“I take it that’s bad?”
“Yes, it’s bad.” She sat up and hugged the pillow. “This is husband number four since my dad left, and this guy is decrepit. I’m all for marrying rich, but this is just ridiculous.” She flopped back again, this time whining. “I really don’t want to spend my winter break with them.”
“Then don’t. Why don’t you come home with me?”
She sprang back up like a Jack in the Box. “Really? You’d let me spend Christmas with you and your family?”
“Of course, crazy girl. It’s about time they met my new sister.”
A big grin spread across her face and she nearly squeezed the life out of me in a bear hug. Her strength was a mystery. “Thank you, thank you, thank you. You’re the best person ever.”
I hugged her back, giggling when I could finally breathe. “I love you, too.”
The rest of my day was surprisingly drama and stress free. I was pretty confident in my final grade for the class, so I decided a little celebration was in order. Cam had been gabbing on about this party she wanted to go to, and even though it was a Tuesday, I agreed.
In a few hours I’d be dancing it up with my awesome best friend, who I hoped wouldn’t abandon me to flirt.


I regretted my decision to attend the party as soon as I stepped over the threshold. It was a frat party and drunken party-goers swarmed like flies. Loud rap music blasted from the speakers, and there was a keg set up in the corner surrounded by half-dressed girls, letting those same drunken frat brothers do body shots off their naked abdomens. “What the hell, Cam? You know this isn’t close to being my scene.”
She sent an eye roll my way. “Live a little, will ya?”
“I live just fine, I just prefer to do it with my clothes on.”
A smirk curved her lips. “Where’s the fun in doing it with your clothes on? I prefer butt naked with my face buried in a pillow to muffle–”
“Cam! I’d rather not hear the details.”
“Hey, I’m just telling it like it is. Men can enjoy sex. Why can’t we?”
“I didn’t say we couldn’t.”
“Then,” she unzipped my coat and took it away. “Loosen up, go dance with one of these sexy frat boys, and if one happens to get a little friendly and grabs your ass, let him. No harm in being a little naughty every now and then.”
I stood still as a statue, gawking at her and wondering what sex demon had taken over my best friend.
“Don’t look at me like that. I’m not Benji for God sake. I just see nothing wrong with occasional, protected, casual sex.”
“I respect that, but it’s just not me. If any of these bozos grab my ass, they’re walking away with at least one body part broken, namely the one hanging between their legs.”
Cam threw her head back, cackling like a hyena. Little did she know, I was dead serious. Her laugh was cut off when a guy came up behind her and wrapped his arms around her waist. She jumped and spun toward him, a smile crossing her face when she looked up. “Hey sexy.”
“Hey yourself, my beautiful Egyptian Goddess.” He kissed her roughly, grabbing a handful of her butt...make that two.
I stood to the side in my awkward bubble, fighting the urge to leave while she was paying me no mind.
Before I could make my escape, he released her and she turned to face me. “Gabi this is Roderick. Rod, this is my best friend.”
I glanced up at him and waved, noting his boyish blonde quiff, and stormy gray eyes.
He responded with a nod before turning his attention to Cam and leaning close to her ear.
She giggled and nodded.
He gave her another quick kiss before vanishing into the crowd.
“You didn’t tell me you had a boyfriend.”
She waved me off with a roll of her eyes. “I don’t. I just let him buy me nice things.” She raised her left wrist. “This tennis bracelet is from Tiffany’s. So is the necklace. And the best part, I haven’t even slept with him.”
I nodded, my mouth sealed shut. Her actions were similar to a certain maternal figure mentioned earlier, but I kept my thoughts to myself, not wanting to cause an argument.
She continued on with her bragging. “I swear that man worships me. I call and he comes running. All I have to do is let him think he’s getting closer to his prize. Allow him to occasionally cop a feel and he’s putty in my hands.” A proud grin spread over her face. “Speaking of which, mama needs a new pair of earrings. Maybe I’ll let him get me out of my bra tonight.” With that she turned and merged into the crowd, abandoning me.
I cursed, realizing she still had my coat.
My search for Cam was a bust, so I grabbed a non-alcoholic beverage and explored the house. The first floor didn’t interest me so I headed to the basement. Hopefully it was less crowded with sweaty drunk people.
Someone passed me on the way up, bumping my shoulder. My drink sloshed, some of the contents spilling onto my sweater.
“Watch it, Carrot Top.” The voice squeaked.
My grip tightened on my plastic cup, forcing the rest of my juice out and over my hand as I watched Brooke ascend the remaining steps. My month of heart ache played in my head, all my time waiting, watching her on his arm for nothing. All while she was rude to me and rubbed it in my face. I’d held my tongue for Jay’s sake, but since we were no longer friends, I owed this bitch a slap.
I marched up the steps, my hand tingling with anticipation. By the time I made it back to the main body of the party I’d lost sight of her. Dammit.

Chapter Twenty - Two

Jay

“Get up.”
I lifted one of my lids to frowned at Benji who stood over my bed before closing it again. “I’d rather not.”
My head bounced against the mattress, and my eyes popped open to glare at him. 
He now held my pillow raised above his head. A smirked formed on his lips as he whacked my face with it. “Get your ass up.”
I reached for the pillow but he moved it away. “You must be out of your damn mind.”
“You’ve been moping around this room for weeks. You look like a homeless person, and if not for your long crying sessions in the shower you’d probably smell like one too.”
I gave up trying to retrieve my pillow and flopped back with my arms crossed. “No one’s crying.”
“Right. The only other reason you’d be in the bathroom for hours is if you’re getting reacquainted with Mr. Lefty. I’m not sure which is more pathetic.”
“Whatever. Don’t you have a party or something to go to?”
“Yup and you’re coming with, so get your ass up. Now.” He raised the pillow again, and when he swung I grabbed it and ripped it from his grip.
Putting it in its rightful place, I tucked my hands behind my head and laid back. “Hitting with pillows? What are you, a twelve-year-old girl?” I closed my eyes again and a second later something hard slammed into my gut.
“Don’t make me drag you.”

~ * ~

He was seriously going to catch something. Benji ran his tongue up some random girl’s stomach, licking a trail of salt. He then grasped a shot glass nestled in her cleavage with his teeth, threw it back, and then took a lime from her mouth. The crowd went wild, and Benji pumped his fists.
I cringed wondering what number in line was he to put his mouth on the girl.
The same girl he’d just salivated over grabbed his neck and pulled him down to her height to whisper in his ear.
A sly grin spread across his face. He whispered something back then slapped her ass. She scurried off and he turned to face me. “Gotta love college girls, freaky and experimental. That little vixen is going to find one of her sexy friends so we can all get to know each other a little better.” He winked at me then took a swig of his beer.
I could never understand it. Benji had this way with women, even when he dogged them they still flocked to him. I shook my head at him, he was too much. “Why’d you bring me here?”
“To have fun. What else?” He offered me a drink, which I declined.
“Not my type of fun. I’m out.”
He smacked his lips. “So, you’re gonna crawl back into your hermit shell and waste away?”
“No, I’m going to study, which you should be doing before you fail and Pops kicks your ass.”
“Whatever, I’m ‘bout to get my drink on, find my freaks and spend my night getting satisfied by two bad bitches.”
“You gotta stop referring to them as bitches?”
He smirked and sipped his beer again. “What else would I call ‘em?”
I looked him over for a moment and shook my head. “You need to quit letting your relationship with your mother affect the way you treat women.”
His face morphed into a scowl. “Fuck you, Jay, and her.” He shoved my shoulder, making me stumble a bit. “Take your joy killing ass home.”
I turned and headed in the direction of the door. Half way there I paused and backed up. I know I didn’t just see...
Standing in a corner, beer in hand, was Brooke.
I marched my way over to her and snatched the bottle. “Are you kidding me?”
She stared up at me wide eyed, then glanced around. “W-what are you doing here?”
“What am I– What the hell are you doing? Drinking while you’re pregnant? Are you crazy?”
Loud cackling on my right drew my attention that way. I recognized the girl as one of Brooke’s obnoxious friends. She had her head thrown back, cracking up, and clearly drunk. “This bitch ain’t pregnant.”
Brooke slapped her friend’s bare arm. “Seriously, Jazlyn?
Jazlyn stood there clueless. “What?”
I grabbed Brooke’s arm and led her outside where there was less noise. Once I could hear myself think, I stopped and turned her to face me.
She back pedaled, her eyes darting around. “I can explain.”
I crossed my arms and glared down at her, my heavy breaths making small gray clouds in the cold air. “This should be good.”
“I panicked and I–”
“Are you pregnant or not?”
She looked away, her eyes filling with tears. “No.”
I dropped my arms, fisting my hands at my sides, and spoke through clenched teeth. “Were you ever?”
She shook her head.
“So, you lied to me?” My temperature rose tenfold and my heart beat thundered in my ears. “You lied to me!” I took a few steps back, taking in deep breaths through my nose. “Where the hell did you even get a positive pregnancy test?”
Her gaze dropped to the ground. “My cousin.”
For a moment I could only stare. “Wow. I cannot believe this shit.”
“Jay, I’m sorry, I just didn’t want to lose you.” She came closer, gripping the front of my thermal, and sobbing into it.
I pried her hands away, and moved back, shaking my head. “An entire month of my life wasted on a lie! Time I could’ve spent–”
“With her?” The tears in her eyes vanished in an instant. “I had you first. Did you think I was gonna give you up to that bitch?”
“She’s not a bitch, and you have one more time to call her out of her name.”
“Woah, woah, what’s going on here?”
I glanced to my left and saw Haikeem standing a few feet away. This guy.
“Mind your business.”
“When it comes to the well-being of a lady it is my business.”
“Well-being?” I scoffed. “You think I’m gonna hurt her?”
“Well.”
“I’m not that guy, so you can relax.”
He nodded but it was clear he had no intention of leaving. “What’s the problem? Maybe I can help.”
I gave him a hard look then turned to Brooke. “You know what? Maybe you can, because I’m confused. Explain to me why this…girl felt the need to ruin my life. Why she lied to me for a damn month about a non-existent pregnancy.” My voice rose as I continued. “And why I walked away from the most amazing woman on the planet to save her the pain of having to deal with my indiscretions, when this whole time there was no baby to begin with.”
Haikeem cocked his head to the side and stared at me for a few seconds. “That’s why you ended things with Gabi? She told me you chose Brooke over her.”
I shook my head. “Brooke and I weren’t together then, and we aren’t together now.”
“And you couldn’t have just told her the truth?”
“I tried.”
“Obviously not hard enough.”
“I know I screwed up. But I wasn’t going to ask Gabi to be with me knowing I’d be tied to Brooke the rest of my life. That wouldn’t have been fair to her. She deserves to be happy.”
He shook his head at me. “You’re an idiot.”
“So I’ve been told.”
He glanced around, and then looked behind him. “Where’d Brooke run off to?”
“Don’t know. Don’t care.” Just as I turned to leave Benji called my name.
He jogged over to me, breathing hard. “You need to get in here. Your ex girl is fighting your next girl.”
“Benj, what the hell are you talking about?”
“Brooke and Gabi. Cat fight.”
I brushed past him, and rushed toward the house, then paused, waiting for him to catch up. “Where?”
“Basement.”
I had to force my way through the people congested at the basement door trying to get a peek at the action. Soon I just started pushing people out if the way. I finally made it down the stairs and elbowed my way to the center where I assumed the fight was taking place.
When I got there, I had to pause. Gabi was on top of Brooke raining punches down on her face and body. Brooke struggled to fight back but Gabi had her arms pinned under her knees. I’d forgotten how good that girl could fight, and had to admit she looked damn sexy doing it.
Shaking myself out of my haze, I went over and lifted Gabi up before she killed the girl. The crowd booed me and Gabi turned and swung on me. I jerked back to dodge a blow to the head. I’d thought the swing had been an accident brought on by the heat of the moment, until her fist connected with my chin. She’d wanted to hit me.
I dodged her again, ducking low to throw her over my shoulder. The crowd parted to avoid Gabi’s flailing feet as I marched her through the party and outside. Once away from the loud music I could hear the many expletives she was shouting at me.
“Put me down, Jayson, or so help me.”
When I didn’t comply, she gave me a hard slap on the ass.
“Calm down,” I said as I eased her to the ground.
As soon as she was on her feet, she was in my face. “Don’t you dare tell me to calm down. I was minding my own business when your crazy girlfriend attacked me.”
“She’s not my girlfriend.”
Her scowl faltered and she stepped back. “What?”
“I broke up with her a month ago.”
“Y-you–” She blinked a few times like she was having trouble focusing. Her frown returned and she splayed her hands on my chest, giving me a forceful shove. “Unbelievable!”
Luckily the freshly fallen, fluffy snow cushioned my fall. I laid back, paying no mind to the freezing ice on my back and chuckled softly as her feisty butt stormed away. The ten-ton weight lifted from my chest and for the first time in weeks...I could breathe.

~ * ~

Morning came and my smile still hadn’t faded. Why would it? I’d dodged a fatal bullet and Brooke was out of my life forever.
Gabi weighed on my mind. I’d stayed up half the night thinking of a master plan. I finally had a clear vision of my future, and every bit of it involved Gabrielle Tanner. As my love, my wife, and the mother of my children. Whatever it took to make things right with her, I’d do. I could not fail. I had a lot of work cut out for me, but I wouldn’t stop until her heart was mended, and all mine.
I ripped out the notebook page and tossed it. Expressing everything I wanted to say in a poem wasn’t as easy as I thought it’d be. I just couldn’t seem to get the words to flow right.
Gabi was my first love. I’d lost her, had her returned to me, only to push her away, shattering something once so precious. I wished I could just start all over from our first hello. If I could do that knowing what I know now, I’d walk up to her, tap her shoulder, and kindly ask: Excuse me, first love? Could you spare a moment of your time? From there I’d tell her the most epic love story, ours. She’d be so head over heels for me, she’d marry me on the spot...well maybe not, we were only twelve and thirteen the day we met.
Something about those words clicked, I sat forward and began scribbling down verses as fast as my hand would allow.
Later that night when I walked out of the bathroom, Benji did a double take. “There’s something different about you.” He sized me up, tapping his finger on his jaw. “Did you lose weight?”
I shook my head, chuckling. “Shut up, dumbass.”
“So, does you shaving mean what I think it means?”
“It means...I need your help with something.”


Chapter Twenty - Three

Gabi

“I cannot believe I missed it! Please tell me she has a black eye.” Cam paced around the room, flailing her arms.
I blocked her out, still focused on what Jay had said. Those words ricocheted around my mind. He’d broken up with her, a month ago. He’d broken my heart, a month ago. But which had come first? If they weren’t together then why had he shattered my heart into a million pieces on that beach? Why had he told me he never wanted to see me again? For the life of me, I couldn’t comprehend any of it.
I stood, rubbing my aching scalp and wanting to whoop Brooke’s ass all over again for catching me from behind. Yanking my hair was the only hit she’d gotten in before I’d laid her out. A sort of sick satisfaction swelled inside me from the sight of blood dripping from her nose. “I’m gonna go take a shower and get ready for class.”
Cam planted her hands on her hips and gawked at me. “You’re not going to give me any details?”
“Later, Cam, I have class, and so do you.”
Before I could make it to the bathroom there was a knock on the door. Sighing, I went to answer it. Who the heck was at the door this early?
When I opened it no one was there. “Real mature,” I mumbled, preparing to close it. Something sitting on the floor caught my attention. Stooping down, I picked up a rose and a card, and then looked up and down the hall.
“Who was it?” Cam asked from behind me.
I brushed past her and went to sit on my bed. The yellow rose and card were attached with a bit of tape. I removed the flower with care and brought it to my nose, inhaling the flowery scent.
Cam stood over me trying to peek at the card. “Who’s it from?”
I stared down at the post card with a photo of Juniper Lake covered in ice and snow, then flipped it over to look at the other side. My name was scrawled in the corner, and there was a fancy letter S further down taking up most of the space. Beneath it were the words: ’six o’clock.’ There was no signature and the hand writing was unfamiliar.
“Well?”
“I don’t know. It isn’t signed.”
I showed her the card, and she twisted her face into a frown. “S?” She turned the card over, admiring the front. “The lake is so pretty in the winter.”
I nodded and took the card back. “I’m assuming whoever sent it wants me to meet them at the lake.”
“You’re not thinking about going, are you? It could be from some murderous secret admirer creep.”
I shrugged and sat the gifts on my dresser while heading to the bathroom. I wasn’t concerned about a stalker. Even with the mysterious hand writing, I knew there was only one person who’d request my presence at Juniper Lake.

~ * ~

The day crawled by, the invitation on the forefront of my mind, despite me trying to ignore it. When six o’clock rolled around I had every intention of going straight home, but curiosity got the best of me.
I shivered against the bitter wind, large flakes of snow obstructing my vision. He had better have a damn good reason for dragging me out in this weather. The beach was deserted because I was the only one crazy enough to be outside in below freezing temperatures. I walked until I reached the one spot I knew he’d be, but when I got there, it too was vacant. Well, almost.
A small pink lump lay in the snow. I scooped it up and brushed the light dusting of snow from it. My heart seized. The pink dolphin from the night everything had gone so terribly wrong. Was this some sort of cruel joke? I had a mind to go knock on his door and punch his face again. I ripped the card from it, screw being careful. This one was a photo of Angelo’s. It had a large ‘O’ on the back, and the words: six o’clock...tomorrow.
Great, now I had to wait twenty-four hours, for what? Another stupid clue, with some other painful memory attached? Well he could just forget it.

~ * ~

I was either an idiot or enjoyed being tortured, because there I was the next day, six o’clock sharp, standing inside of Angelo’s. The place was crowded as usual, but no Jayson.
One of the waitresses came over to me and smiled. “Right this way.”
I eyed her for a second before following. Angelo’s was more of a seat yourself kind of place. Besides the classier part up the steps that is, and I really hoped he didn’t expect me to sit up there dressed in worn out jeans and a sweat shirt.
Thankfully the waitress led me to a booth. On the table top was an orange iPod Nano with another card underneath. She left and I slid into the seat.
I picked up the Nano and turned it on. Scrolling through it, I found myself smiling. Every last one of my favorite songs was present, right down to some obscure artists that I could never seem to find available for download.
I plucked the card up with my free hand and looked it over. This one had a photo of the Ursa Minor. I could only assume the next location was the Planetarium. His parents had taken us as kids. It was there I’d fallen in love with astronomy. 
My stomach sunk a little, realizing he wouldn’t be here. As much as I hated to admit it, his game was a tad bit fun. I turned the card over, wondering what I’d find at the next location. It again said: ‘six o’clock’, but this time had a big ‘R’ written on it.
I’d tucked it in my pocket, prepared to leave, when the waitress returned. She sat an entire lemon cake in front of me. The writing on top made me double over in laughter.
She jumped, her eyes bulging at the crazy red head. With a strained smile, she sat an empty plate in front of me along with a fork and knife.
Once she left I pulled the cake closer, still laughing and shaking my head at the message: ‘I dare you.’ I cut a huge chunk and dug in. Challenge accepted.
After a slice and a half, I had the rest boxed and took it home to share with Cam, who’d been pressing me for information for two days now. But I wasn’t quite ready to reveal...whatever this was, to her. I wasn’t even sure where it was going or what the end result would be. My heart wanted to soar with thoughts of the possibilities, but had been caged in iron, encased in cement, locked in a deep freezer, and the key thrown into a volcano.
I didn’t know whether I could trust him again, or if I even wanted to. Although I missed my friend terribly, I wasn’t sure it was worth risking my heart again.
I skipped the trip to the Planetarium the next day. After a long night of contemplation, I’d decided that I couldn’t...wouldn’t, suffer a third time. Two was enough, that chapter of my life was long overdue for an ending.
A knock at the door interrupted my concentration, causing my hand to slip and ruin my fourth attempt at adding French tips to my nails. I screwed the top on the polish and went to answer it.
The hall was vacant yet again, and outside my door laid another card attached to what looked like a DVD case, beneath it was some type of binder. I collected them all and went back to my desk. I had to give it to Jay, he was determined.
I peeled the card from the DVD case, which turned out to be Love & Basketball, making this the third copy in my possession. The postcard was an image of books, the library, and on the other side, another ‘R’. A second note was attached to the DVD case. In Jay’s terrible handwriting were three words: Be my Monica.
I sighed and set the movie down. He wasn’t playing fair. Love & Basketball was my all-time favorite movie, and a secret dream I’d shared with him. I’d always admired relationships that started as close friendships, and was always wishing on stars for my own. When Jay came along I actually hadn’t given it a second thought, not until the first night I’d knocked on his window in tears because of my parents’ verbal abuse of each other.
It was then, in his arms, with my head on his chest that I realized he was much more than my friend. From that moment, I saw him in a whole new light. Then we’d gone and played spin the bottle. Our eyes had met and he’d smiled, like he was just as excited as I was that the fated coke bottle had chosen him as my partner.
I picked up the last item and opened it. What I thought was a plain black binder had a surprise hidden inside. Tears burned my eyes as I stared down at the scrap book his mother had made of us. But my crying wasn’t the happy sort. Remembering our good times only made me feel that much worse. It wasn’t supposed to turn out this way. I should’ve been his Monica long before now, and he, my Quincy. But he’d gone and ruined everything. Not once, but twice he’d abandoned me for his own selfish reasons.
Now, all of a sudden he was ready, and I was supposed to what? Leap into his arms with joy and understanding? Well, things didn’t work that way. He’d made a fool of me enough times, not again.
I went over to my bed and pulled a shoe box from underneath. After emptying it, I threw in all his stupid notes and gifts from the past few days. I’d be at the library alright, and when he came to check if I’d gotten his next little clue, he’d find a gift of his own. I’d leave my own note, telling him just where he could shove it.

~ * ~

I searched the entire library and didn’t find a thing. After sitting the box on a table, I flopped down in one of the chairs and cradled my head on my arms. I’d come with my heart set on giving him a piece of my mind, in verbal or note form. Instead I sobbed into my coat sleeve. Why couldn’t I just stop loving him?
A tap on my shoulder made my heart leap, and after a long hiatus, my butterfly friends had returned. Taking a shaky breath, I turned. When my eyes landed on him, I immediately rolled them. “Benji? What are you doing here?”
He smirked and waved an envelope in the air. “I’m your secret admirer, and I came to whisk you off to a romantic getaway.”
I stood, my stomach churning a bit. “I’d rather die.”
He chuckled and went to sit in the other chair. “Calm down, you’re not my type. Too angelic.”
“Whatever. I’m leaving.”
“Sit down.”
“Excuse you? You’re not my father.”
He stood, towering over me, and frowned. A second later he laughed. “You two are perfect for each other. Both of you are stubborn as hell and hard headed. Sit.”
“And if I don’t?”
“I’m bigger than you.”
It was my turn to laugh then. “And I care because?”
“You either sit down, or I’ll sit you down, then sit on you so you can’t leave.”
I rolled my eyes and took my seat. “I’m not afraid of you.”
“I wouldn’t think so, with the way you kicked Brooke’s ass. Thanks for that by the way, wish it could’ve been me, but I don’t hit females, or in her case, female dogs. “
“Don’t mention it.” My voice was flat and dry. “What do you want?”
He shook his head. “Doesn’t matter what I want. I’m just here to make sure you read this.” He slid a pink envelope across the table with my name on the front.
I slid it back. “No. I don’t care what he has to say. He didn’t even have the decency to show himself, sending his cousin to do his dirty work, as if I mean that little to him.”
“He is here. He just didn’t think you’d want to see him.”
“I don’t.” Despite my words, my eyes flitted around the library.
Benji tapped the envelope on the table. “Look. What I’m about to tell you, Jay should have weeks ago, but he’s a fucking idiot.” He raised his voice a bit on the second half of the sentence. A second later his phone buzzed in his pocket. He checked it and rolled his eyes. “If you don’t like the way I tell the story, get your punk ass out here and do it yourself.”
I pushed away from the table and stood. “Where is he?”
Benji pointed to my chair, giving me a firm look. “Sit.” He turned to the bookshelf behind him. “And you shut up.” He faced me and laced his fingers together on the table top. “Now, a month ago when Jay dumped you–”
“He didn’t dump me. We weren’t together.”
“Whatever. Shut up and listen.” His phone buzzed again but he ignored it. “He did what he did for a reason. A stupid reason...but still. Jay was just trying to do the right thing. When he found out Brooke was pregnant, he–”
“She’s pregnant?” My heart clenched and bile rose in my throat. She was having his baby? “Oh my god! The fight.”
Benji’s phone went crazy on the table. He grabbed it up and silenced it. “Okay, that one was my bad. Let me rephrase that. When he thought she was pregnant, which we later found out she lied about, he thought it’d be better to let you go rather than ask you to deal with Brooke for what would have been the rest of your lives. Since you were kept in the dark about the whole thing, I can see why it might have seemed like he was a huge asshole.”
“He–”
“Could you just read the letter? This is weird and awkward. I don’t do weird and awkward, and I’m not a marriage counselor. Both of ya’ll need to get your acts together. Benji’s not gonna always be here to pick up the pieces.” He winked then slid me the envelope again and pulled a small red gift box from his pocket and sat it in front of me. He then stood and rounded the tall bookshelf. There was a small scuffle, then retreating footsteps.
I stared at the bookshelf, wondering if he’d left with Benji or was still there, watching me. I couldn’t summon the courage to check.
I set the box to the side and opened the envelope. The letter smelled like him. I took a few deep breaths before unfolding it.
I’m in love with you.
There, I said it. Long overdue, I know. But I pray it’s not too late.
I could probably come up with a thousand reasons why I waited so long to tell you, but there’s one that over shadows them all. Fear. I was scared. Scared to lose you again. Scared you didn’t feel the same. Scared that admitting my feelings, even to myself, would somehow ruin our friendship.
That’s the one I feared the most. Even after three years apart, we didn’t miss a beat. You were back, and we were Jay and Gabi again. There’s nothing I cherish more than your friendship, except maybe your heart. Which I broke, and will regret doing for the rest of my life.
I know I screwed things up, maybe beyond repair. I’m an idiot. Instead of just being up front with you, I was childish and immature. Not only that, but I disrespected you by not letting you make your own decisions about the matter. Sometimes I forget how tough you are and I try to protect you from things. You’re my Little Red, and I can’t help it, but I’ll try to do better in the future. If there is a future.
I’m not going to ask for your forgiveness, not yet. I know I’ll never deserve it. But consider this my first official apology, and know that there will be many more to come. Even if you decide you never want to see me again, just know, from the bottom of my heart, I am sorry...for everything.
A tear splashed on the page, which I folded and hugged to my chest. The rest of the letter may as well have been a foreign language because I couldn’t get past that first sentence. He’s in love with me. 
I read the letter twice more before finally setting it down.
Once my tears had calmed some, I undid the bow on the gift box and opened it. Inside was a small flyer to the Poetry Slam at Angelo’s. I flipped it over, revealing the last letter, a ‘Y’. Beneath it was another time. 9pm, tonight.
I removed the remaining cards from the shoebox, and laid all five on the table, arranging them to spell out the word: ‘Sorry’. I couldn’t help but chuckle at his corniness.
Looking inside the box again, I lifted some cotton and a small gasp escaped my lips. Resting on top of yet another folded piece of paper was a gorgeous charm bracelet. I held it in my hand, admiring all the charms, then opened the final letter.
It had each charm listed along with a description.
A boxing glove: To commemorate the day we officially met and you tried to break my face.
A pair of running shoes: Because track is what started our friendship.
A Star: For when you become the best damn astrophysicist there is.
An ice skate: Because watching you struggle makes me laugh.
A dolphin: To replace the one lost.
A strawberry: Because you’re my Strawberry Shortcake.
A key: To my heart.
A symbol of infinity: Because I will love you...always.
I clasped the bracelet on my arm, which was hard to do through the blur of tears. After laying everything in the box neatly, I cradled it to my chest and headed back to my dorm. I had a lot of thinking to do.

Chapter Twenty - Four

Jay

I wiped my sweaty palms on my jeans while pacing behind Benji. “Is she here yet?”
“Yeah.”
My heart nearly jumped from chest. “Really?”
“No! You just asked me that thirty seconds ago. Calm yo’ ass down.” He chuckled, then sipped his drink.
I punched the back of his shoulder, causing him to spill some on his shirt. “It’s not funny.”
He glared at me, running his tongue along the inside of his jaw. “You’re lucky Gabi’s coming or I’d make you go on stage with a swollen lip.”
Ignoring his threat, I went back to my pacing. I ran my hand over my scalp and let out a shaky breath. In less than ten minutes I’d be going on stage to profess my love to either Gabi or an empty chair. I wasn’t sure which had my heart beating like I’d just finished a hundred-meter dash. If she didn’t show I’d like to think that I’d continue to pursue her, but if she really wanted nothing to do with me, I was lost. There was no me without Gabi, I needed her back in my life.
Benji grabbed my arm, forcing me to stop. “Will you calm down? You’re making me nervous. You told her nine, right?”
“Yeah.”
“Then can you at least wait until nine before you start freaking out?”
“What if she didn’t read the letter?” I grabbed the front of his shirt and shook him. “I told you to stay and make sure she read it.” I released him and squeezed my eyes shut to take a calming breath. I should’ve just talked to her face to face instead of hiding like a coward.
“Jay.”
She had to come.
“Jay.”
I needed her.
“Jay!”
My eyes flew open, and I scowled at Benji. “What?”
He nodded to his right with a smirk on his face.
I turned in that direction, and my heart stopped.
Benji slapped my back and by a miracle it started again. “See. You worried for nothing.”
She was stunning in a light grey turtle neck sweater, black skinny jeans, and those swede boots she’d worn to the party. Her hair was swept up in a massive curly, but still somewhat frizzy, pony tail. She took the seat I’d begged the owner to reserve for her, and a minute later a waitress brought out the drink I’d ordered. Her favorite winter drink, warm apple cider with cinnamon and just a splash of cranberry juice.
She hadn’t spotted me yet, which was perfect. I’d failed to mention in the invitation that I’d be going on stage. I wanted to surprise her.
I watched her a moment longer as she glanced at her watch then took a slow sip of her drink. It amazed me how the simplest acts seemed like poetry in motion when she performed them.
The current poet finished, and everyone snapped their fingers for her. After she exited the stage, the announcer climbed up and started to speak.
My heart beat like an African tribal drum when he called my name.
Gabi’s wide eyed stare found and followed me until I sat on the stool. With a shaky breath, I lifted the mic. “This poem is titled, Excuse Me, First Love?, and is dedicated to an incredible woman here tonight.” My eyes locked on to hers, which were spilling tears, and I continued. “I know I messed up, and I deserve for you to hate me, but please…hear me out.” The room was silent, and the lights dimmed as I began to pour my heart out in rhyme.

“Excuse me, First Love?
May I borrow your ear?
There’s a lot on my mind,
that I think you need to hear.

I took you for granted,
toyed with your soul.
I pushed you away,
and your absence left a hole.

Excuse me, First Love?
May I borrow your eyes?
I’m sorry for not realizing,
you were my blessing in disguise.

I almost had you,
but you slipped through my grasp.
And all that remained,
was the memory of your laugh.

Excuse me, First Love?
May I borrow your lips?
Your slender neck, your perfect smile,
the curve of your hips?

A beauty so deserving,
of a king to be.
I was damn lucky,
because you chose me.

Excuse me, First Love?
May I borrow your time?
I know it’s selfish to ask,
but I want you to be mine.

I would give you forever,
treat you only with respect.
You’d feel nothing but joy,
and never neglect.

Excuse me, First Love?
May I borrow your heart?
I guess what I’m asking...
is can we have a fresh start?”

Sometime during the poem my eyes had closed as the words flowed from my heart. When I opened them again everyone was on their feet, but Gabi’s table was empty. I caught a flash of red hair and she rushed down the steps.
A hot tear rolled down my cheek, which I quickly brushed away, and then exited the stage.
Benji met me at our table, a deep frown etched on his face. “Damn. I’m sorry, bro.”
I collapsed in my chair and lowered my head to the table to hide the remainder of my tears.
He gave me a couple hard pats on the shoulder. “Come on, man. I’m taking you drinking.”
I wiped my face then turned to squint at him. “What? No, Benj. I’m going home.”

~ * ~

My head was as low as it could possibly get as I closed the door to my dorm room and leaned against it. It was over. I’d messed around and waited too long again and now Gabi wanted nothing to do with me. I’d held her in my vision as I poured out my heart in words I thought I’d never say aloud. The tears running down her beautiful face burned my soul. I’d done that to her. Cut her so deep that no amount of stitches could repair the damage to her heart.
I’d always prided myself in being able to say I didn’t hate anyone, but right now I couldn’t even look myself in the eye. How could I dare face the man who’d hurt the most amazing person to ever exist, repeatedly? But then again, maybe I deserved to spend the rest of eternity in solitude, staring at the man in the mirror.
I shuffled over to my bed on dead limbs and collapsed onto my back, the ceiling my only companion as a hot tear rolled down the side of my face.
Sometime later a light knock on the door broke into my tormented silence. Couldn’t a man hate himself in peace? I closed my eyes, shutting off the world around me. The knock came again, followed by a soft voice from the other side.
“JJ?”
I bolted straight up, sure my ears had to be deceiving me. Somehow my limbs had turned to stone, because as much as I willed them to maneuver themselves to the door, they wouldn’t budge. Dare I hope that on the other side of my door stood the vision of beauty I wanted so desperately in my arms.
Something switched on in my brain, propelling me from the bed. I hustled to the door before the window of opportunity slipped through my fingers.
When I removed the two inches of wood separating us, her big brown eyes lifted to mine.
She shifted on her feet, a strand of hair tucked between her delicate lips while she tapped something against her leg. “Hey.”
“Hey.”
Lifting the game in her hand, she graced me with a small smile. “I thought maybe you could finish showing me how to work that darn controller.”
I took the Donkey Kong case from her, and stepped aside so she could enter. My eyes roamed over her as she slipped off her boots and shrugged out of her coat. She’d changed and was now dressed in light blue sweat pants and a matching RCU sweatshirt, looking more beautiful than ever.
While she busied herself setting up the game system, I removed my own coat and boots which I hadn’t cared to do until now. After switching on the lamp, I cut off the main light and sat on the floor with my back against the dresser.
She finished her task and came to sit with me. I thought she’d take the spot next to me, but instead she crawled between my legs and leaned her back against my chest. Her move caught me off guard, but I wasn’t about to complain about the seating arrangement.
Wrapping my arms around her, I held onto her controller to get ready to play the game.
She pressed ‘A’, starting the level. “I liked your poem. Whoever you wrote it for must be one lucky girl.”
I rested my chin on her shoulder, guiding her hands when it came time to shake the controller. “Nah, I’m the lucky one.”
“I’m hot.” Her voice was barely above a whisper and held a husky quality to it. Sexy. She paused the game and sat the controller between her legs. Leaning away from me, she pulled up her shirt, and lifted it over her head. The tank top she wore beneath rose with it, revealing the smooth skin of her back. She corrected the shirt then leaned against me again.
My breath hitched, the sweet smell of vanilla igniting my senses. The temperature in the room skyrocketed, making my thermal feel like a thick wool sweater. I nudged her forward a bit so I could remove it.
Her gaze slid down my chest and abs. “What are you doing?”
“I’m hot, too.”
She faced forward again, and retrieved the controller.
I pulled her against me, the thin material of her cotton shirt too much to bear. Her soft hair, which she’d taken down, tickled my face as I rested my chin on her shoulder again. Moving it away, I revealed her slender neck and pressed a light kiss there. Her body shuddered against me, stealing what little control I had. My manhood stirred, rising to the occasion.
I kissed her again, trailing the tip of my tongue down to her shoulder, then hooked my fingers beneath the strap of her shirt and pulled it down to expose more of her supple skin. The sweetness beneath my tongue drove me wild. Vanilla wasn’t only her scent, but her sweet, intoxicating flavor, which I could only hope covered every inch of her. I damn near cried when she pulled away.
She scooted forward, and then turned until she was facing me. Maneuvering her body, she draped her legs over mine, one foot on either side of me. Once that was accomplished, she sat there watching me. Her eyes moved over me with hunger, yet held an unsureness that kept her from acting on it.
Gripping her waist, I eased her to me until our faces were inches apart. My lips ached for hers but I didn’t capture them. The next move was on her.
She raised her hands and splayed them across each of my pecs, squeezing gently. Her gaze lifted to my mouth, and she closed the distance, blessing me with those velvet lips and that delectable tongue. We stayed that way for a long time, tongue wrestling, neither of us wanting to relinquish the title.
I pulled her even closer, needing to feel more of her, but that damned shirt was getting in the way. Admitting defeat, I broke away from the kiss to lift her top up and over her head. I then leaned back, taking in the sight of her soft breasts, adorned with two chocolate kisses that came to hardened peaks. Capturing her lips again, I guided her back until she was beneath me and I lay between her long legs. I traveled down her neck and between her breasts, a breath away from actually touching her.
I lifted my gaze to hers and caught her watching me as I moved over to her left nipple and captured it between my lips while tweaking the other with my fingers.
Her breath hitched and she gripped the back of my neck, feeding more of her breast into my mouth.
I moaned the same time she did because her skin was oh so delicious. Whatever lotion she’d used I wanted to buy by the caseload. Reluctantly, I pulled myself away to continue downwards. When I reached the area just above her navel, I hovered there, my mouth a fraction of an inch from her soft skin.
Whimpering, she arched from the floor, pressing her body against my lips.
I could’ve given in, but I wanted to tease her just a bit more. Her soft moans were heaven to my ears. Moving further down her body, I stopped at the waistband of her pants, and tugged at the strings with my teeth until they came loose. Gripping the sides, I eased them down inch by inch. My breath caught in my throat when I came face to face with my hairless treat. No panties? Game over.
Gabriele Tanner naked in my bed, a dream come true was putting it lightly. Her eyes were half-mast as she stared down at me while my tongue devoured her.
Her legs shook violently for the second time in the last ten minutes, her cries of ecstasy echoing off the walls. She tried to wiggle away, but I pulled her right back to me. I hadn’t had my fill just yet.
“Jay, please,” was her breathless whisper as her hands gripped my shoulders tight. “I want you.”
Those three words were all it took. I was on top of her in seconds, positioned between those sexy legs. 
“Be gentle. I’ve never...” She toyed with my necklace while she spoke, not meeting my eyes.
I wasn’t even surprised. She was my sweet, innocent Gabi. I kissed the tip of her nose, making her giggle. “Whatever you want, beautiful.”
Chests pressed together, hearts perfectly in sync, we moved in harmony. I not only made love to her body, but her mind and soul. With her in my arms everything was right in the world, finally.
After reaching our pique together in pure orgasmic bliss, I nuzzled her neck and kissed her shoulder before drifting away holding the first, last, and only love of my life.

~ * ~

When I woke up the next morning, I opened my eyes to find Gabi staring at me with a smirk on her face. “You still snore.”
“Shut up.” I laughed, mushing her forehead before closing my eyes again.
She giggled for a bit before growing quiet. “We should talk.”
I looked at her for a moment. Her hair was wild from both sleep and our night of love making. The sun cast its rays on her, giving her a vibrant appearance. I snuggled her closer and pecked her lips. “I love you. There, I talked.” I started to pull the sheets from her body, but she smacked my hand.
“Jay!”
I kissed her again. “I’m in love with you.” Another kiss. “I want to be with you forever.” Another. “I want to marry you and have a bunch of beautiful frizzy haired babies.” I pressed my lips to hers, guiding my tongue into her warm mouth. “Marry me.”
“Jay, I’m being serious.” She tried to keep a straight face, but a giggle broke free.
“So am I.” Using my body, I guided her onto her back until I was on top of her and once again between her lovely legs. “Marry me.”
She slapped my chest and laughed. “Can you be serious for five minutes?”
I pecked her lips once more and sighed. “What do you want to talk about?”
Again, she toyed with my necklace instead of looking at me. “I hated you.”
“I know.”
“Why didn’t you just tell me the truth?”
“I thought you’d be better off hating me, instead of suffering because of my stupidity.”
She smacked my face, thankfully just a light one this time. “That wasn’t your decision to make.”
“I never wanted to hurt you, Gabi.”
“But you did. More than you can fathom. You” her voice cracked and she closed her eyes and took a deep breath. “You, choosing to abandon me, again, was far worse than any mistake you could’ve made with her. Broken promises hurt, Jayson.” She closed her eyes again as tears slid down the sides of her face.
“I know.” I kissed both of her eye lids, then her forehead, nose, and lips. “I’m so sorry, baby.”
Her gaze locked with mine, searching my eyes. “Three strikes.”
“What?”
“You get three strikes. You’ve already used up two. If you break my heart again–”
I smothered her words with a kiss. “I won’t.”
“I mean it Jay, you–”
My manhood filling her silenced her again. “I won’t. You’re mine. Forever.”
Her arms circled my neck and she gave into me, leaning up to capture my mouth in a kiss and wrapping her legs around my waist, pulling me deeper. “I love you, JJ.”
“I love you, too.”
The door knob rattled and I had less than a second to pull the sheet up enough to cover us before Benji barged in.
His mouth fell open, then quickly formed into a huge grin. “Fucking finally!” He threw his head back, filling the room with laughter. “See what I did there?”
“Do you mind!” Gabi and I both yelled in unison.
“Shit, my bad.” He backed out of the room, and shut the door. A second later he stuck his head back in and gave me a thumbs up.
Gabi buried her face in her hands and growled. “I hate your cousin.”
I chuckled, moving her hands to kiss her lips. “Me too, baby. Me too.”

Chapter Twenty - Five

Gabi

I leaned against the door of my room, staring up at Jay as he traced my lips with his fingers.
He kissed one corner of my mouth, and then the other. “Thank you for forgiving me. When you left Angelo’s last night I was sure I’d lost you forever.”
I snuggled against him, laying my head on his chest. When I’d fled that restaurant, I’d had no intention of knocking on his door. My heart and head were in a death match, neither knowing how to act. I’d gone back and forth so many times since reading his letter earlier that day that I’d become dizzy. His poetic words had done nothing to settle the emotional turmoil swirling inside me.
I’d made it back to my dorm and threw myself onto the bed, thankful that Cam was out so I wouldn’t have to explain my inability to stop my tears from falling. In truth, I had no idea why I was crying. I wasn’t sad, but confused. On one hand, after learning the reasons for Jay pushing me away, I no longer held any hatred in my heart for him. After all, I’d done the same to Haikeem. Albeit in a more civil manner, but regardless, I couldn’t hate him for trying to protect me.
Even still, his reasons didn’t change the way he’d handled the situation. It didn’t take away from the fact that he’d shattered my heart, tarnished our friendship, and made countless selfish decisions. A few trinkets and a heartfelt poem didn’t erase that.
Once I was able to get my tears under control, I’d called the only person I knew who could help me sort through what I was feeling.
“Hey, Mom.”
Mrs. Adams cleared her throat a bit before speaking. “Hey my sweet girl. What’s going on?”
I sat and told her from beginning to end everything that had happened between Jay and I over the past weeks.
She listened patiently and without interruption.
Once I’d finished I felt a million pounds lighter. Keeping all of my feelings bottled in had taken its toll. “Sometimes I love him so much it hurts. Is that crazy? Am I stupid for wanting to forgive him and start fresh like he asked?”
“No sweetheart, you aren’t, and don’t let anyone tell you different. It doesn’t make you naive or weak either. I don’t want you to think I’m saying any of this because he’s my child. If I felt he was anything but remorseful for his actions I’d tell you to run for the hills and never look back. But I’ve watched the two of you. The way he looks at you, how protective he is. As crazy as it seems, from most of what you told me that’s what he was trying to do.”
“But he can’t make decisions for me like I’m a child and incapable of thinking for myself.”
“No, he can’t, and you make sure you tell him that. Let him know that if he wants back in your life and your heart it has to be on your terms. If he can’t accept that then you do what you have to do. But if you love him the way you say you do, and believe in your heart that he’s worthy of another chance, my advice is to go for it, but remember, your terms.”
“You have an amazing woman to thank for me being here right now.”
He ran his hands up and down my back, and then hugged me tight. “Oh yeah? Who’s that?”
I leaned my head back and pecked his lips. “I have to change clothes. See you in a bit.”
“Really? You’re not gonna tell me?”
“Maybe later,” I said as I unlocked my door and slipped inside. “Bye, big head.”
“Later...seductress.”
I turned and arched a brow at him. “What?
He leaned against the door frame and smirked at me. “No bra or panties? You expect me to believe you go commando on a daily basis?”
I tugged a strand of my hair as heat crept over my cheeks. “I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
“Sure you don’t.” Slipping his arms around my waist, he backed us into the room and closed the door behind him.

~ * ~

“Hey, Cammie.”
She rolled her eyes at me as I took the seat next to her at the bar. “You are so lucky I love you. The last person who called me that is sleeping with the fishes.”
I cracked up at her horrendous mobster accent. “Like your tiny butt could actually do any damage.”
She glared at me, and then gave me the finger. “What are you so giggly for anyway? You haven’t smiled in a month.”
“No reason. Just in a good mood I guess.”
“Mmmhmm.” she let her gaze roam down the length of me with her mouth twisted to the side. “Where’d you run off to last night all dressed up?”
I bit my tongue, unsure if I should reveal the news of me and Jay’s steamy night...and morning. I could never tell if she really hated him or just spoke ill of him for my benefit when I hated him. Before I could answer everything went dark.
A familiar scent tickled my nose, and I leaned into Jay. “I know it’s you.” We’d parted ways a couple hours ago when he’d gone back to his dorm to change clothes.
“Who’s You?” His lips brushed my ear, sending pin pricks dancing over my skin. He uncovered my eyes, and turned my head to the side, tilting my chin up to take my lips into a kiss smooth as silk. His cool, minty tongue slid over mine in careful strokes as his arms encircled my waist.
A loud squeal to my right caused me to jump and bite down.
Jay snatched away holding his lip.
I faced Cam, who had her hands clamped over her mouth, her eyes wide as saucers as she continued to squeal, only muffled.
“Cam!”
“I’m sorry, but you two–you–” Another scream squeaked out and she bounced in her seat.
Jay stared at her with one eye half closed and his mouth pressed in a tight line. “Say sorry to my lip, Crazy.”
I spun toward him on my stool and took his face into my hands to examine his lip. “Aww, poor baby.” I caressed it with the pad of my thumb and he stuck it out further.  I giggled and kissed it. “All better?”
He nodded, pressing his forehead against mine. “You make everything better.”
“Awwwww,” Cam squeaked again, then smacked my arm. “How dare you keep something this big from me?”
Jay rubbed my arm even though I’d barely felt anything through my thick coat, and frowned at Cam. “Hands off my lady.”
I giggled and hugged his waist. That’s twice he’d called me baby, and now his lady. My heart was flip flopping all over the place. “I was going to tell you.”
She pursed her lips and shook her head. “Suuure you–” she stopped, her eyes narrowing at something.
I followed her gaze and locked eyes with Brooke who was standing at the other end of the bar glaring at us.
The swelling of her lip had gone down but I could still see where it’d been bust open. She wore makeup so I couldn’t tell if the purplish hue around her right eye had faded or was concealed.
Jay turned my face and shook his head. “Don’t even acknowledge her, baby. It’s not worth it.”
“I still can’t believe she lied about being pregnant, and for a month. What was she gonna do, fake a miscarriage? That’s just sick.”
“Don’t know, honestly don’t care at this point. That’s my past, and I’m glad it’s over.” He lifted my chin to look up at him. “You’re my everything. Nothing else matters.”
I leaned up and pressed my lips to his, snaking my arms around his neck.
He parted my lips with his tongue and deepened our kiss.
I pulled back and smiled. Partly because the man of my dreams was finally mine, and also because I knew it killed Brooke inside to witness it. Win-Win.
Jay kissed my forehead and hugged me tight. “Let’s get a table. I worked up a pretty big appetite this morning.” He winked at me, and then took a step back to unzip his coat.
Cam followed us to a booth and we all sat down with menus we’d grabbed from the bar. “Sooo, spill. I want details, now.”
I ran through the story of Jay’s scavenger hunt and surprise poem and Cam threw in an ‘aww’ every so often, wiping at her pretend tears. “You two are just...” She fanned her face. Dramatic much? “You give me hope that there’s a love out there for me.”
“There is, sweetie.” I reached across the table and patted her hand. “It’ll happen when you least expect it.”
Benji slid into the booth next to Cam, nudging her over. “What’s up homie, homette, and...” he looked at Cam and licked his lips. “Shottie.”
She leaned away from him, turning up her nose. “What the hell is that supposed to mean?”
He smirked and draped his arm on the seat behind her. “Short...hottie. Ain’t got a lotta height, but cha got a lotta body.”
Jay burst out laughing, and clutched his stomach. “You did not just say that.” Cam’s glare brought an abrupt halt to his laughter.
Benji scooted closer to Cam, who was already hugging the wall. “So, when are you gonna let me take you for a ride?” He ran the back of his index finger down her jawline.
She slapped his hand and twisted up her face in disgust. “Boy please, I’m not going anywhere with you.”
He chuckled, moving his hand to her arm and caressing her shoulder. “That’s not the type of ride I meant.”
Her mouth fell open, and she shoved him away. “Eww, get your nasty behind away from me. That shit may work on your groupies, but I will cut you.”
“Alright you two, behave,” I told them. “Today is a joyous occasion. Don’t ruin it.”
Benji leaned back and smiled. “That’s right, you two finally got your freak on.”
Cam shot forward, her eyes bulging from her head. “You didn’t tell me that part!”
“Because it’s private.” I kicked Benji’s ankle beneath the table. “And some people should learn to knock.”
“Some people should learn to follow the protocol.” He eyed Jay with a smirk.
Cam and I both eyed the guys. “Protocol?”
I faced Jay in my seat. “What’s that?”
He leaned over and pecked my lips. “Nothing, baby. Just stupid guy stuff.”
I pursed my lips and frowned at him. “Secrets?”
“It’s not a–”
I narrowed my eyes at him.
He sighed. “It’s just a stupid rule Benj and I made up. If one of us has plans to have female company, we tell the other guy ‘protocol.’ It doesn’t matter what he’s doing, he has to make himself scarce until he gets the all clear.”
Smirking, I looked over at Cam. “Maybe we should enlist that rule.”
“Why, so you can get freaky with your boyfriend?”
“Duh.”
Jay chuckled, and pulled me closer. “Speaking of rules. I have some.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.” He traced the line of my lips, and then pressed a gentle kiss to them. “I want kisses, with tongue, at least twice a day. You can’t ever let go of my hand. And whenever I say ‘I love you’ you have to drop whatever you’re doing and hug me.”
I cupped his face, staring into those dark chocolate eyes. “I think those should be pretty easy to follow.”
“I love you.”
I wrapped my arms around his neck and pecked his lips. “I love you, too.” I kissed him again, offering him my tongue this time, which he eagerly accepted with his own.
“Get a room!” Benji’s words invaded our love bubble, but we ignored him.
I pressed my forehead to Jay’s. “Do I get rules?”
“Whatever you want, beautiful.”
“You have to tell me you love me every single day, snuggle me when I’m cold, I get cold a lot. And when I’m sad you have to hold me until it goes away.”
“I think I can handle that.” His warm fingers traced the line of my jaw.
“Oh! And kill spiders, centipedes, and basically anything with more than four legs.”
He chuckled and kissed me again. I was never going to get used to that. He abandoned my lips to look at me. “Are you cold?”
I shook my head. “No.”
“Too bad. I wanted a reason to hold you.”
I giggled, tugging him into yet another kiss. “You don’t need a reason.”
“Well, in that case...” He leaned back against the booth and squished me to his chest.
Benji frowned at us and stood.
“Where are you going?”
“To throw up.”


After ordering our food we all sat and enjoyed lunch. Jay spoon fed me his ice cream while Benji made gagging noises across the table.
I rolled my eyes at him then excused myself to go to the ladies’ room.
When I exited I almost ran face first into Keem. His lips formed a frown and his eyes looked a bit puffy.
“Hey.”
“Hey.” He leaned against the wall, staring down at his boots. “I see you finally got your man.”
I fought the urge to smile or glance back at Jay so not to rub our blossoming romance in Keem’s face. “Yeah.
“The good guy really does finish last.”
“Keem–”
“Don’t apologize to me again, Gabi. Just...make sure he keeps that smile on your face.” He turned toward the employee entrance to the kitchen then disappeared inside.
I hugged my arms to my body and leaned against the wall.
“Hey, you okay, Little Red?”
I turned to Jay and my face hurt from smiling so hard. I felt a tinge of guilt for doing so, knowing that my happiness was at Keem’s expense. “Yeah, I’m okay.”

~ * ~

“You’re still not ready?” Jay’s eyes followed me across the room as I went to the dresser to brush my hair.
I stuck my tongue out at him. “I was ready an hour ago until somebody made me all sweaty and I had to re-take my shower, and then that same somebody decided to follow me into the shower.”
He stood and came to stand behind me. “Knowing you were naked and covered in suds in the next room, how could a man resist?” His arms snaked around my waist and he crept his hands toward my breasts.
“Oh no you don’t.” Despite my words, I leaned into him as he cupped them and gave a gentle squeeze.
“One more time.”
“Jay...”
“Please?” His hands found their way to my jeans and unsnapped them. He then slid his warm fingers into my panties and nestled them into my now moist folds.
“Mmmmm.” I caught his wrist and tried in vain to remove his hand and not swoon from the circles it rubbed. “We’re going to be late.” I gripped his arm tighter and arched against him. This was insane. We hadn’t stopped touching each other since the night before. I’d lost count of orgasms that morning. It was like we couldn’t get enough of each other. You’d think we’d be satisfied by now, but no, each time only made the ache worse. I needed him, now.


We lay on the bed naked and out of breath. Jay rested his head on my belly looking up at me. “You’re sexy.”
“I’m sore, Energizer Bunny. I was a virgin until last night in case you forgot.”
He traced lazy circles on my skin. “I will never forget last night. I’m still having trouble believing you’re mine.”
I smiled and stroked his hair. “I am. And you’re mine. Forever.”
“Forever.” He kissed my fingers and then lifted his head, a sly smile on his adorable face. “You know, I could sooth that soreness with my tongue.”
My body heated up at the thought, but I crossed my legs and shook my head. “As amazing as that sounds, I’d like to make it to the skating rink before dinner with your parents.”
He sighed and kissed my belly before pushing off the bed. “Alright, alright. But later, you’re all mine.”

~ * ~

I looped around Jay on my ice skates, giggling while he tried to catch me. “Did I mention I’ve been practicing?”
He finally caught my hand and pulled me to his chest. “I see.”
I circled his neck with my arms and laced my fingers together. “What made you choose ice skating for our first date?”
“Honestly, I kind of wanted to catch you when you fell and be your hero.”
I snuggled deeper into his embrace and rested my head on his chest. “You can still be my hero.”
“Nah, you’re your own hero. That’s what I always loved about you. You want me, but you don’t need me.”
Looking up at him, I frowned. “I do need you. Maybe not to fight my battles, but without you my soul is lonely. It needs its mate.”
His lips met mine in a slow kiss. “I couldn’t have prayed for a better soul mate, or best friend.” He gave me another peck then smiled. “Now, time for the second half of our date.”

~ * ~

I glanced over at Jay from the passenger seat. “The second half of our date is at your parents? I thought we weren’t going until dinner.”
“I never said that. What I said was we were having dinner with my parents. I need to help my dad with something first.”
When we got in the house he snuck me down to the basement and made me stay there. His parents didn’t know about us yet and he wanted it to be a surprise. A while later sweet and savory aromas filled the house, making my stomach grumble. After another hour of me playing games on my phone Jay finally came to get me.
We walked hand in hand into the kitchen where Mr. and Mrs. Adams were seated. The lights were dimmed and the table was set with the quality of a fancy restaurant, including lit candles. His mom smiled at me, she was so frail I thought she’d fall over, but at least she was out of bed.
When his parents saw us, huge grins had spread across both their faces. His dad stood to greet me. “I see you two finally got some sense. Friends again?”
“Actually,” Jay brought my hand to his lips and kissed it, staring down at me with a look in his eyes I’d only dreamed of. “we’re a lot more than that.”
Mrs. Adams covered her mouth, tears filling her eyes and Mr. Adams brought me and Jay into a bear hug. “Well it’s about damn time.”
We all shared a laugh as he released us. “Now,” he said clasping his hands together. “Let’s eat.”
The night was filled with laughter, pleasant conversations, and Mrs. Adams casually hinting about grandchildren. The thought was bittersweet. Having a family with Jayson would be wonderful, but it saddened me that they may never know one of their grandmothers.
Later that night back at his dorm, I lay snuggled in Jay’s arms, listening to him snore.
The double date with his parents had been an amazing addition to our day. I kept thinking I was going to wake up from this incredible dream of Jay finally loving me. Being with him could only be described with one word. Perfect.

Chapter Twenty - Six

Jay

I’d woken up with Gabi in my arms every day for a week and still could hardly believe it. She was mine. Every part of her. From her gorgeous laugh, to her frizzy hair, and her soft, sexy body.
Our first date had been fun, hanging out with her always was, but it wasn’t enough. I wanted to do something truly special to commemorate this moment in tim,e so I’d woke early to sneak out and begin planning. One peek at her sleeping, naked form and I almost changed my mind.
She’d texted me a couple times to see where I’d disappeared to, but my only reply was a winking emoji.
It took a couple hours to get everything set up, but I was more than confident she’d enjoy our little adventure. I knocked on her door at a quarter to twelve with one hand behind my back.
Cam let me in and I went over to where my Strawberry Shortcake sat on her bed folding clothes for our trip to Chicago.
She looked up at me and graced me with that gorgeous smile, which brightened when I revealed the bouquet of Poinsettias I had hidden behind my back. “Aww.” She stood and nestled into my arms. “You bought me flowers?”
I squeezed her to me, intoxicated by the warmth of her embrace. “Anything for my beautiful, sexy girlfriend.”
“Why thank you, gorgeous, delicious boyfriend.”
“Oh, I’m delicious, am I?”
“Very.” She puckered her lips and I happily obliged her request for a kiss.
“Pack a bag, we’re going on a trip.”
She crinkled her little nose at me. “I’m already packing a bag, because we’re already going on a trip on Monday, goofy.”
I chuckled. “Okay, perhaps it would’ve been more romantic if we weren’t already planning a trip. But anyway, pack another bag because I just made us reservations at the ski lodge for the next two days.”
Her mouth fell open and her big eyes grew a size larger. “You did?”
I nodded and gave her a quick peck. I just couldn’t get enough of her lips. “We’re gonna take a nice romantic drive up to the mountains, do some skiing, play in the snow, and then in our nice cozy log cabin, I’m gonna lay you in front of the fire place and make sweet,” I pecked her lips. “sweet love to you all night.”
“Oooooh, I like that last part.”
“We can skip all the other stuff if you want,” I said then kissed her neck.
She giggled and squirmed against me, bringing a certain part of my anatomy to life.
Something soft smacked the side of my face. I looked down at the pillow on the floor then turned to see Cam standing across the room rolling her eyes. “Just letting you know I’m still here before the two of you start ripping off each other’s clothes.”
“I’m not gonna rip her clothes off.” I leaned down next to Gabi’s ear and whispered. “I’ll remove them slowly...with my teeth.” I nipped her neck and she squealed and swatted my arm.

~ * ~

“Skiing is stupid. I hate it.” Gabi folded her arms and poked out her bottom lip, I couldn’t determine if her pout was more adorable or sexy.
“Don’t you mean you hate falling?” I closed the door behind us and started unzipping my coat.
She turned and slapped my chest, sticking her lip out further. “No teasing. My butt is sore.”
“I guess I’ll just have to rub it then.” I pulled her against me, sliding my hands down to do just that.
A sexy moan escaped her lips which she pressed against mine.
Without breaking the kiss, I put a bit of space between us to access the zipper of her coat.
As I slid it from her shoulders she shivered and moved away, hugging her coat tight around her. “Why is it so cold in here? I can feel the air through my sweater.”
“I turned the heat off before we left.”
She reared her head back, both brows raised. “Why would you do that?”
“Because,” I said pulling her back to me. “I want to use the fireplace.”
“You know you could’ve left it on until after you started the fire?”
“Shhh. I got this.” I pecked her lips once more before going over to the fire place to start us a nice cozy fire. Once I had it going, I laid the fluffy blanket I’d brought on the floor in front of it, and then kicked off my boots and went back to the door where Gabi remained with her hood pulled over her head and her hands stuffed in her pockets. As I began to unzip her coat again she swatted my hands away.
“It’s cold.”
“I wanna undress you.”
“It’s too cold to be naked.”
I pulled her to me and took her lips in a slow kiss, running my tongue over hers. Good God, she was tasty. “Don’t worry, I’ll warm you up.”


Gabi lay nestled in my arms in front of the crackling fire. Soft R&B serenaded us while she played with my small beard and I trailed my fingers up and down her smooth back. 
I tilted her head up and kissed her sweet lips, which was my favorite thing to do lately...well, second favorite. “How are you enjoying our romantic getaway so far?”
She smiled at me, snuggling closer. “It’s perfect.”
“Ready for sledding later?”
“Can’t wait.” Her soft fingers caressed my face, pausing at my cheek. “Can I lick your dimple?”
“My dimple?”
She nodded.
“Whatever you want, goofy girl.” I turned to face the ceiling, granting her access.
She kissed my cheek then poked her little tongue into my dimple and giggled.
“You are so weird.”
She turned my face and kissed my lips. “You love it.”
“I do. And everything else about you, too.” I pulled her to my chest and nuzzled her vanilla scented hair. I swore she bathed in the stuff. “Excited to see your family?”
“My brother and dad.”
“And your mom?”
“Not really. I mean, she’s my mom, so I have to love her, but she’s so evil toward me. Like it kills her to hold a conversation with her own child. I can’t even recall the last time, if ever, that she told me she loved me and I just don’t feel like defending myself to her.”
“You ever thought about asking her why she acts that way?”
“Yes, and I have.” She lifted her head to look at me. “You know how she is. Apparently, I’m delusional. She’ll never accept blame for how she’s treated me.” A tear dripped from her eye, and she sniffled and laid her head on my chest again. “Is there something wrong with me? Something that makes me unlovable?”
I squeezed her tight, and rubbed her back. “No. You’re perfect, baby. She’s the one with the problem.”
Heat burrowed inside my chest. I was conflicted on the matter. On one hand, I wanted to hurt anybody who made my strawberry cry, but the person doing the harm was her own mother. I couldn’t exactly do much about it besides maybe talk with her, but I wasn’t sure that would help.
One thing Gabi inherited from her mom was stubbornness. Like Gabi, she wouldn’t be moved. But the similarities ended there. Where Gabi was kind hearted and bubbly, her mom was at times, like Gabi said, down right evil. While most kids dealt with school bullies, Gabi’s was at home. She’d often insulted her right in front of me. From her clothes, to her hair. Even with her accomplishments, her mother always found something negative to say.
It was hard for me to comprehend how a mother could be so cruel to her own child. My parents had never been anything but loving toward me. “It’s okay, baby. I’ll just have to love you even more. I’ll be everything you need.”

~ * ~

I darted out of the way of the snowball sailing toward my head and ducked behind the car. Gabi’s parents had been out when we’d arrived Monday afternoon, so she, Cam, and I were having a snowball fight in the yard.
I peeked from my hiding place, and a mass of freezing cold smacked me in the face. Gabi’s high pitched laughter gave away who the culprit was, as well as her position.
Staying low, I crept behind the garbage can, and lifted the lid, dumping the snow on top over her head.
She screamed and hopped to her feet. “You’re such a cheater.”
“Cheater? There aren’t any rules...loser.”
She growled and launched herself at me.
I tried to catch her but her momentum knocked us both into the snow. “Crazy girl.”
She snapped at me, catching my lip between her teeth. “Got that right. So don’t mess with me.”
“I do what I want. I’m the man.”
She punched my chest. “Don’t make me hurt you.”
“I want you to. Then you can kiss it and make it better. In fact, my lip is kinda sore from you biting it.”
She smiled and gave me a peck. “Better?”
“Nope. Maybe a few more.” I leaned up and kissed her cold lips, sliding my tongue over them.
“Really? In the snow?”
I broke the kiss to look at Cam. “Jealous?”
“Yes! I hate your adorable relationship. You two make me want to cry and throw up at the same time.”
A horn honked and we all turned toward the drive way. Gabi’s parents looked at us from inside Mr. Tanner’s pickup. He raised a brow at me and Gabi then smiled and waved. Gabi’s mom scowled in the passenger seat and shook her head.
Gabi climbed to her feet, and I followed, helping her brush the snow from her clothing.
Mrs. Tanner exited the car, still frowning. Thinking back, I don’t recall ever seeing her smile.
Gabi clung to me, her head hung low, giving only a tentative glance at her mother. “Hi, mom.”
She snorted in response. “Rolling around with a boy for all of our neighbors to see? Have a little more respect for yourself, Gabrielle.”
Mr. Tanner came around the truck and frowned at his wife. “Leave the girl alone, Roz. They’re just being kids.”
She turned and glared at him. “She’s behaving like a slut, and frankly it’s embarrassing.”
“Enough, Roslyn.”
“Defend her if you want to, but don’t come crying to me when she ends up pregnant.”
Gabi stepped away from me, her fists balled at her sides. “Well if I did, I’d never let you see the baby because you’d be just as horrible as a grandma as you are as a mother.” She turned and stormed to my car, climbing in and locking the doors.
Everyone’s mouths hung open. Even I gawked at the scene. It was the first time Gabi had ever stood up to her mother.
I glanced back at Gabi then faced Mrs. Tanner. “With all due respect, don’t ever call her out of her name again.” I left them all standing there and went to the passenger side of my car. I knocked on the window but Gabi kept her head down. Using the button on my keys, I unlocked the door and climbed in.
She barreled into my arms, sobbing against my chest.
“It’s okay, baby. JJ’s here.”
“I hate her.” Her chest heaved, and she sniffed hard as more sobs broke free.
I held her close, rubbing her back until she calmed down. “Don’t let her get to you. People like her take pleasure in hurting others. Don’t feed into it.”
She lifted her head and wiped her face. “I don’t want to, but I can’t help it. Why does she have this effect on me?”
“Because she’s your mom. And even when you hate her, you still love her.”
“I don’t want to love her.”
I pulled her to my chest and kissed her forehead. She laid there for a long time still sniffling every so often. After a while she lifted her head and wiped her eyes with the sleeves of her coat. “I yelled at my mom.”
“You stood up to her. It’s a good thing. I’m proud of you.”
“Then why do I feel so awful?”
I tilted her chin up to meet her eyes. “Because you have a big heart, and the inability to hate anyone. Which is also a good thing.”
“Think I should apologize?”
I thought of telling her no, but it wasn’t my place. I wanted her to have a relationship with her mom, but a healthy one. “That’s up to you. But I do think you should talk to her. Let her know how it makes you feel when she says those things to you.”
“Trust me, she knows. She just doesn’t care.”
“Then talk to her about that. Ask her to stop. Demand it if you have to, but you can’t keep letting her bully you.”
She nodded and sat up straight. “Okay. I’ll try.”
We left the car and made our way inside. Cam was seated in the living room, texting on her phone. She looked up at us when we came in. “You okay, Gabi?”
“Yeah. Sorry about all the drama.”
Cam waved the apology off. “Don’t sweat it. Nothing compared to me and my mom. We’ve come to blows on more than one occasion.”
Gabi nodded, then continued toward the kitchen where arguing could be heard through the door. Mr. Tanner was speaking in a level tone and his wife was yelling over him.
“Why are you always defending her?”
“All I’m saying is that the name calling was completely unnecessary.”
Mrs. Tanner scoffed. “Was her disrespecting me necessary? She’s such an ungrateful little–”
Gabi barged through the door. “Ungrateful?”
Her parents spun to face us.
Gabi planted her hands on her hips, a scowl etched on her face. “What reason do I have to be grateful? Grateful for a mother who makes it her duty to insult me every chance she gets? For making me feel like crap? All you’ve ever been is evil to me. Why? Why is it so hard for you to act like my mother?”
Mrs. Tanner’s brow lowered, and she smacked her hand against the counter. “Because I’m not! I am not your mother.”

Chapter Twenty - Seven
Gabi

“Roslyn!” my dad shouted.
“What?” she asked. “It’s about time she knew the truth, don’t you think?” She turned without another glance at me and went through the door that led to the test kitchen my dad had built for her.
My eyes darted from my mother’s retreating back to my dad. “W-what’s she talking about, Daddy?”
He sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose.
Jay gripped my shoulders, massaging the tension in them.
I shrugged him off and moved closer to my father. “Dad, what’s she talking about? Did you– Am I...adopted?”
His soft brown eyes met mine for a brief second before darting away. “Gabi...”
I hugged my arms to my body, shaking my head. “I can’t be. That doesn’t make any sense. I look like you, Daddy. I have your nose…your ears.” Tears streamed down my face, but I was too busy sobbing to wipe them away.
My dad pulled me to him and hugged me. “I am your father, baby girl. You’re mine.”
I broke away and looked at him. “But–”
“I’m your father, but Roslyn...” he rubbed at the back of his neck and dropped his gaze. “She’s not your biological mother.”
“But–then who”
“She’s your step mom. You were about two when we got married.”
I stared into his face, trying to comprehend what he was telling me. This wasn’t making any sense. I know I was young, but wouldn’t a two-year-old remember? I didn’t recall her ever not being there. “Where is my real mom?”
He looked at me with tears brimming his eyes. “She passed away a long time ago.”
My stomach sank. This felt like a soap opera. My real mom was dead and my...step mom? hated me. “What about Kasper?”
“What about me?”
I whipped around to find Kas standing near the door. There was a pretty brown skinned girl on his arm who was reminiscent of a deer caught in head lights.
I faced my father again, still waiting for his answer.
“He’s both of ours.”
I tried to swallow down my tears but they kept coming. “You lied to me.”
“Gabi–”
“My whole life, you lied to me.” Heat ignited in my chest working its way up my neck to my face and a rash bloomed beneath my skin.
My dad stood in front of me and brushed my hair back. “Sweetheart–”
I swatted his hand away and backed up. “Don’t!” My fists tightened at my sides and my breath came in heavy bursts. “I probably came to you a million times, asking you why mom hated me, but instead of being honest you continued with this charade. You let me believe I’d done something wrong to make her not love me. Allowed me to feel like something was wrong with me, like I wasn’t good enough for my own mother to love. What kind of father does that?”
“Sweet Pea–”
I spun away from him, brushed past Kas and stormed out of the kitchen. I made it outside struggling to breathe. I would’ve expected something like this from my...step mom, but my father...how could he? He knew how desperate I was for my mother’s love.
My chest burned as I continued down the walkway. Something slipped under my boot and my legs came out from beneath me. Rolling onto my back, I stared up at the gray sky. Cold, white flakes drifted down, cooling my feverish skin.
“Gabi!” Jay stooped down and looked over me. “You okay, baby?”
Before I could answer, my dad called my name from the porch. I wrapped my arms around Jay’s neck so he’d pick me up. Cradled in his arms with my head nestled against his chest was the only place I wanted to be at the moment. “Please take me home, JJ.”
He lifted me and took me to his car.
I sat in the passenger seat while he talked to my dad about something.
Jay went around to the driver’s side and climbed in. “He said–”
“I don’t care. Just take me home.”
He stared at me for a moment then nodded and got back out.
A few minutes later the back door opened, Cam climbed in, and Jay got behind the wheel again. He reached over and took my hand. “I know you’re feeling betrayed at the moment, but–”
“Jay, I love you, but please, not right now.”
He nodded then started to pull off. A tap on the window halted our escape.
I rolled down my window to see what Kas wanted.
“Sis...you okay?” He tucked the side of his bottom lip into his mouth and shook his head. “Dumb question.”
“Kas, we have to go.”
He ignored me and reached into the car to unlock my door. He then opened it and pulled me into a hug. “I’m so sorry, Sis.”
“It’s okay. It’s not your fault our parents are lying jerk faces.”
He chuckled into my shoulder then pulled away to look at me. “Don’t let this change us, okay? Be mad at them, but please don’t leave me sis.”
I patted his cheek and offered a small smile. “I’d never leave you, Kasper. You’re my big little brother.”
“I know the situation is beyond messed up, but you should try to look on the bright side.”
“What bright side?”
He shrugged. “I don’t know, but you always find one.”
We shared another hug, and then he stepped back so we could drive off.
I called him before he could walk away.
“Yeah?”
“Was that your girlfriend?”
A huge grin spread across his face and he nodded.
“She’s gorgeous.”
“This I know, sis.”
“Is it just me or does she not look quite fifteen?”
He chuckled and started backing away. “She’s not fifteen, Gabi. She’s seventeen.”
“Seventeen!”
He continued to laugh and took off running.

~ * ~

I closed my eyes and leaned my head against the window, trying to clear it of the million thoughts running through it. I didn’t want to think about my lying family or the fact I’d gained and lost a mother in a matter of minutes. Make that two, because I was never speaking to Roslyn again. She wasn’t my mother, so I no longer had a reason to yearn for her affection. And my father...I didn’t even want to look at him right now.
A while later the engine cut off. I wasn’t exactly sure how much time had passed, but when I opened my eyes we were parked outside of a small hotel. “Why’d we stop?”
Jay took the key from the ignition then pulled his wool hat back over his head. “Because it’s a ten-hour drive back to River Crest and I’m not trying to kill anyone.”
While he went to the desk to get us rooms, I sat in the lobby next to Cam.
She squeezed my hand then leaned over and gave me a half hug. “If you want to talk, I’m here. Okay?”
I nodded but said nothing. I just wanted to take a hot shower then sleep. I was tired of thinking and needed this day to be over.
Jay came over to us and handed Cam a key card. “All set.”
Cam bid us fare well and went to her room.
Once inside of ours, I left a trail of clothes to the bathroom and shut the door behind me.
I stood in front of the mirror staring at my reflection. My hair was bone straight, in an effort to please my mo—Roslyn. I’d spent years searching for the reason why my efforts to gain her affection had failed. I guess I finally had my answer. She wasn’t my mother.
But still...she was the only one I’d ever known, and try as I might, I couldn’t find it in my heart to extinguish the love I felt for her. I think that’s what angered me the most.
Studying my face, a small part of me wished I’d stayed to at least hear what my dad had to say about my biological mother. What was her name? What happened to her? Did I look like her? Everyone always said I looked just like my father, and while we bore a strong resemblance certain features were unique to both he and Roslyn, who I’d always assumed my other aesthetics came from.
I ran my index finger over the bridge of my nose which was straight, where my dad’s had a bump.
My lips held a pinkish hue and were plump while my dads were thinner.
I leaned closer to the mirror, examining my eyes. They were medium brown; my dads were dark. I allowed myself a small smile knowing they had to be my mom’s eyes, my real mom.
Jay knocked on the door and peeked in. “You okay, Little Red?”
I mulled over his question a moment. The events of the day had been trying to say the least. My mother was my step mother, my real mother was dead, and my father had kept a painful secret for eighteen years. I almost laughed at how close to an episode of General Hospital it sounded like.
But despite all the drama, I nodded, and I meant it. I was okay, because after so many long years of wondering what it was about me that could make my own mother despise me to the point where she made every moment of my childhood and adolescence a living hell, I finally knew...it wasn’t my fault.
I went to the door and pecked Jay’s lips. “I’m fine. I’m gonna take a quick shower then we can talk.”
He studied me a moment before nodding and pecking my lips again then taking a step back so I could close the door.

~ * ~

“You sure you’re okay?”
I lay in Jay’s arms with my head resting on his bare chest. “I’m sure.” I ran my index finger over his full lips and snuggled deeper into his embrace. “Well, mostly. I’m okay with her not being my mom. It feels like a weight’s been lifted off of me. But I’m not okay that they lied to me. Especially my father. I’d expect something like this from her, but not my dad. He knew how much her approval mattered to me. How awful I felt when she made me feel less than a pile of crap. He could’ve ended my torment years ago. 
“Sure, he always defended me against her, but had I known she wasn’t even my real mother, I think her words would’ve hurt a lot less, and I wouldn’t have cared as much if she loved me because then she’d have just been an evil step mother.” I paused and looked up at him. “Am I making sense?”
He nodded. “I get what you’re saying. What I don’t get is even if she isn’t your biological mom, she raised you for sixteen years. Blood or not, she’s your mother and it’s just wrong for her to treat you that way just because she never carried you in her womb.”
I sighed and shrugged. “I just want to enjoy the rest of the winter break. Nothing is going to ruin my favorite holiday.”
He pulled me on top of him and hugged me tight. “Looking forward to our first Christmas as a couple?”
I smiled and kissed his lips. “Yes. It’s gonna be so fun. I can’t wait to give you your gift.”
“What is it?”
“Not telling.” I stuck my tongue out and he leaned up and licked it. “Goofball.”
“Weirdo.”
I scrunched up my face, making him laugh.
After settling down, he kissed me softly. “Are you really okay? Because you can tell me if you’re not.”
“I know, but I’m fine, I promise. If that changes, you’ll be the first to know. Now, I’m cold, and if I remember the rules correctly you should be snuggling me.”
He pulled the blanket up over my shoulders and wrapped his arms around me. “Good night, Mrs. Adams.”
I lifted my head to look into his eyes.
He just smiled up and me at winked.
My heart fluttered with the possibility of our future. No matter what twists and turns our journey took us on, I knew that Gabrielle Naomi Adams would be the best mom she could be.

Chapter Twenty - Eight

Jay

We’d been back in River Crest for three days and Gabi still acted as if everything was normal. I was sure it was a façade. I knew Gabi, there was no way she was okay like she said. Not over something like this.
Her phone had rung non-stop for the first twenty-four hours, no doubt her father. She’d ignored every call and eventually turned it off. I wanted to be proud of my little strawberry for being strong, but not if it were for my benefit. I didn’t want her keeping things bottled in because she felt I had enough on my plate. She should know there was always room for her.
I peeked my head into my mom’s room and knocked on the wall.
She and the girls looked up at me and she flashed me a small smile. “Hey, handsome.”
“Hey, Ma.” I walked over to the bed and took a seat in the chair next to it.
Gabi sat at the foot of the bed and Cam was next to my mom. They were both painting my mom’s nails a bright shade of purple, her favorite color.
My gaze lingered on Gabi. It warmed my heart to see her taking care of my mom the way she’d been since we’d arrived. Per my mom’s request, she’d bought her a nice wig. She wanted to look presentable for our traditional Christmas photo. It was cut in a bob and streaked with silver. My mom thought it made her look sophisticated. 
Gabi had also sat with my mom for hours at a time. Watching movies with her or just talking. My mom was having a bad day when we’d arrived. In a deep depression and crying nonstop so Gabi did her part to help keep her spirits up.
I was lucky to have landed such an incredible woman. I smiled, watching the future Mrs. Adams screw the top on the bottle of polish then look up at me.
“Why are you staring at me, Goofy?”
“Because I love you.”
A smile spread across her beautiful face. “I love you, too.”
“Here we go.” Cam rolled her eyes and sat her container of polish on the side table. “Mrs. Adams, these too will kill you with cuteness.” Her hand flew to her mouth as soon as the words left it and her eyes widened. “I am so sorry. I didn’t mean–”
My mom patted her hand and smiled. “I was wondering why I was suddenly sick to my stomach, it’s nauseating.”
We all laughed with the exception of Cam, who still looked mortified.
My mom turned to me and reached for my hand. “I’m just glad these two are finally happy. It took my hardheaded son long enough to wise up.”
Gabi stood and softly smacked the back of my head. “Mom, you have never spoken truer words.” She wrapped her arms around my neck from behind and kissed my cheek. “Do you need anything else before I shower and get ready for bed?”
“I’m fine sweetie, go ahead.”
Gabi kissed me again the headed out the door followed closely by Cam.
Once they left I settled into the spot on the bed next to my mom and grabbed the remote to find something to watch.
“You remind me so much of your father.”
I looked over at my mom and smiled. “Yeah?”
She nodded. “Kind, protective of others, handsome. You’ve grown into such a wonderful man and I couldn’t be more proud.” A tear rolled down her face and she squeezed my hand.
I brushed the tear away and kissed her cheek. “Well I have a wonderful father and exceptional mother to thank for that.”
She patted my face, holding my gaze. “You know I’m not leaving you, right? This body is a vessel, that’s all. It may wither away, but I will always be with you. I’ll live on through you, your father, Gabi, Benji, and every other life I’ve had the pleasure of being a part of. So when I go, do your mama a favor, and try your best not to be sad for too long. Cry, be upset, curse the heavens, but live your life to the fullest. Be the man I raised. Get your degree, so you can help people the way you’ve always wanted to. And please marry that girl.”
I smiled and chuckled just a bit. “I plan to.”
Her mouth lifted into a smile. “I was hoping you’d say that.” She leaned back against her pillow and reached over to the bedside table to open the drawer. With a big grin on her face she handed me a black ring box.
I opened it and frowned. “Your engagement ring?”
“It’s yours now. Gabi’s when you’re ready.”
I looked from the ring to her and shook my head. “But Pops gave you this.”
“And he and I both want you to have it.”
I closed the box and tucked it in my pocket then leaned over to embrace her. “Thanks, Ma. It means a lot.”
She patted my hand, her eyes drooping a bit. “I’m gonna get some rest now.”
I left her and went to search for the future missus. She was at the kitchen table wearing a pink pajama onesie with unicorns on it. “Hey gorgeous.” I leaned over her and kissed her temple, running my hands up and down the fuzzy fabric on her arms.
“Hey sexy.” She patted the seat next to her for me to take.
As soon as I sat down, Cam and Benji entered, bickering as usual. You’d swear they were an old married couple.
Cam took the corner seat and Benj sat across from Gabi and stole a strawberry from her plate of fruit.
She scrunched her nose up at him and moved her food out of his reach. “I don’t know where your hands have been.”
A smirk formed on his lips. “Ask Cam.”
Cam, who’d been sipping from a water bottle, coughed and liquid spilled from her mouth. Once she settled down, she twisted her lips and crinkled her nose at him. “No. Just...no.”
Gabi eyed the pair before glancing at me. Her look revealed the same thing I was thinking, these two were up to something. They argued just a little too much for something not to be going on.
I took my turn eyeing them. Cam went back to drinking her water and Benji chewed on his strawberry while sneaking a peek at her from the corner of his eye.
Gabi interrupted my thoughts when she offered me a slice of kiwi. I opened my mouth and let her feed it to me then pecked her lips.
She smiled and turned her body so she could put her legs up in my lap. “I’ve been thinking.”
“About me?”
She swatted my arm. “No, big head. About Christmas. I know your dad is getting dinner catered but I was thinking, what if we made it?”
“We, as in us four?”
“Yeah. Cam and I could get started in the morning and you guys could go to the store to get everything we need. It’d be nice for Mom.”
Cam sat her bottle down and frowned. “Slow your roll, girlie. Cam doesn’t cook. Cam doesn’t know how to cook.”
Benji leaned back in his chair and folded his arms. “Cam better learn because Benji loves to eat.”
She pursed her lips and looked him up and down. “What’s that have to do with me?”
His only response was a wink. He and I were definitely having a talk later.
Gabi touched Cam’s hand to get her attention. “Then you can be my assistant along with the guys. There are still two more days until Christmas. We have more than enough time.”
I leaned over and planted a wet kiss on her cheek. “Look at my little strawberry taking charge.”

~ * ~

Gabi actually pulled it off. Even though we hadn’t been able to find everything on her list, she’d still prepared one heck of a feast. I had no idea she was such a master in the kitchen.
I, along with everyone else, except my mom, had stuffed ourselves to the point of bursting. Mom only sampled a few things for Gabi’s benefit but had no real appetite. It was well into the evening now and we all sat in the living room opening gifts. While most families opened gifts Christmas morning, we opted for a tradition of our own and exchanged ours after dinner.
My mom relaxed in my dad’s recliner, he sat on the couch, and the rest of us sat scattered around on the floor. I was next to Gabi of course.
My mom had told us all not to get her anything. She was satisfied with us just being here.
Gabi and I had gotten my dad some collector’s coins. He’d been obsessed with unique ones since before I was born so we’d searched around on the internet for some he didn’t have yet. We’d also let Benji put his name on it because he sucked at gift giving.
Cam had given Gabi a gift certificate for a spa day they’d spend together and Gabi had given her a pair of high heeled boots that I was sure she’d break her neck in if she took one step. Girls and their shoes.
It was now time for Gabi and I to exchange, and she’d begged to go first, poking out her little lip, which I’d have bitten were my parents not present.
She handed me a small box with a red bow tied around it.
I pulled it off and opened the lid. Inside were two identical necklaces. Hanging from both of the gold chains were golden dolphins that appeared to be jumping through a heart.
Gabi reached in the box and took one out. “I thought we needed new ones.” She reached around my neck and removed the old necklace then replaced it with the one she’d gotten. “I feel like the old ones, well one, since mine is gone, is tarnished. We can make new memories with these. All good ones.”
I cupped both sides of her face and brought her lips to mine, no longer caring who saw. This girl was beyond a shadow of a doubt, perfection. “I love you.”
“I love you, too.” She took the other necklace from the box and placed it in my hand so I could put it on her.
After doing so I pecked her lips once more. “My gift seems lame now.”
“I doubt it is.”
I gave her the tiny box and watched her as she opened it.
She pulled out the Christmas tree charm with a grin on her face.
I took it from her and clasped it onto her charm bracelet. “To commemorate our first Christmas. I’m gonna put so many charms on this thing you won’t be able to lift your arm.”
She laughed then hugged me. “I love it.”
I released her then faced my mom. “I have one last gift. I know you said you didn’t want anything, and it’s nothing material, but I do have an announcement for you and Dad.” I climbed to my feet and went to stand beside her.
She looked up at me expectantly.
“I made the Dean’s list.”
A huge grin spread across her face and she reached for my hand.
I instead bent down and hugged her.
“Congratulations baby, I knew you could do it.”
After congratulations all around, everyone retired to their bedrooms. Or in Benji’s case, the sofa, because Cam had his.
I lay next to Gabi in semi darkness, tracing the lines of her face. She had the cutest nose. “Thank you.”
She moved my hand to her cheek and smiled at me. “For what?”
“Being you. Helping my mom. Making her happy on what could be her last Christmas. Just...for being amazing.”
She snuggled closer and kissed my lips. “You’re pretty amazing too. I love you, JJ.”
“I love you too, Little Red.” I took her lips in a long sensual kiss, sliding my hand over her hip. “Now,” I said, looking at the onesie she’d chosen to wear again. “How do I get you out of this thing?”
She giggled, gripping a zipper near her neck and sliding it down to reveal her slender, naked body beneath.
I licked my lips, mesmerized by the sexiness. “Merry Christmas to me.”

Chapter Twenty - Nine

Gabi

Seven Weeks Later
 
I rested my foot on Jay’s shoulder while he ran the soapy bath sponge up and down my leg.
He dunked the sponge into the water then let the warmth wash the suds away from my skin. “We should sneak off to hotels every weekend. This is nice.”
I leaned against the tub, enjoying the feel of his fingers, which had replaced the sponge, massaging my calf. “Mmmmhmmm, so nice.” It was Valentine’s weekend and Jay had planned us yet another trip. Nowhere far this time. Just a hotel a few miles from campus but it was still nice. I had the best boyfriend ever.
He grabbed my strawberry body wash he’d bought me and squirted some in his palm to lather up my leg again. It felt good but I wished he’d move on to something else. Whenever we were in bed, or wherever we decided to have sexy time, he always took extra care of my legs, especially my thighs. Rubbing, kissing, and licking them. I’d found it endearing until I’d had to physically move his head to my sweet spot the night before, twice.
“How many times are you going to wash my legs?” I asked as he rinsed the soap away again. “It’s like you’re obsessed with them.”
He smiled and then pressed a kiss to my calf. “They’re sexy.”
I pulled my leg away and maneuvered to my knees, moving closer to him. “Well I have other sexy parts too.”
He stared down at my dripping breasts and licked his lips. “Yes, you do.” Meeting my gaze, he gave me that sexy look where he’d bite his bottom lip with his eyes half closed, which was such a turn on. “Can I touch your sexy parts with my sexy parts?”
I leaned down, inching toward his lips. “That’s what I’m hoping for.”
Our tongues intertwined in a passionate dance, and without missing a beat, Jay stood with me in his arms and carried me to the bed.



Later that night I straddled Jay’s lap while he lay on his back buried deep inside me. He gripped my hips tight, a groan escaping him at each of my thrusts. “Damn, girl. Slow down before you break it.”
“Can’t.” I was at the point of no return. With my nails digging into his chest and my head thrown back, I continued the journey, inching closer and closer to release. Heat flashed over me, coiling its way to my core. When his hands moved from my hips to my breasts, pinching my pearled nipples between his fingers, I was a goner.
The spasm started at my center, rocking through my entire being. Legs trembling, toes curling, I collapsed onto Jay’s chest.
He slipped his arms around my waist, shaking beneath me, a mixture between a growl and a moan filling my ears as he reached his own pique. After a minute his fingers burrowed into my hair. He lifted my head and took my lips in an unhurried kiss. A few incredible seconds later those soulful eyes of his met mine. “I love you so much, baby.”
Those words always succeeded at bringing a smile to my face. I was unsure if I’d ever get used to hearing him utter them. “I love you too, JJ.”
He kissed me again, running his hands over my butt. “Give me a few minutes, I think I got another one in me.”
I giggled, shaking my head at him. This man was insatiable.
Jay’s phone vibrated on the night stand, interrupting our sensual moment. He groaned and reached to grab it. “It’s my dad.”
I attempted to get up but his strong arms secured me in place.
“Who said you could move?”
“Your dad’s on the phone.”
“I’m aware.”
“You’re really gonna talk to your dad while we’re…”
He chuckled while preparing to hit the ‘answer’ button. “It’s not like he’d know. Besides, nothing is gonna make me take it out. I’m staying forever.” He pecked my lips then lifted the phone to his ear. “Hey, Pops. What’s up?”
His face went through several expressions as he listened to whatever his father was saying. He released my waist then nudged me gently so he could sit up. “When?” He ran a palm over his face then pinched the bridge of his nose. “Do you want me to tell Benj?” He swung his legs over the side of the bed and rested his elbows on them. “All right. I’ll track him down, and we’ll be there tonight.” He hung up the phone and stared straight ahead of him.
I sat next to him and rubbed his back. “Is everything okay, JJ?”
He shook his head slowly and whispered, “She’s gone.”

~ * ~

Jay stood in front of the mirror in his childhood bedroom, fiddling with his tie. It’d only taken a couple days to make the arrangements. As per Mom’s request, there would be no funeral service and no cemeteries. She’d chosen cremation.
We were also not allowed to wear black. Her death would not be mourned, but her life celebrated. Jay’s dad had rented out a dining hall in which a remembrance would take place. All of her closest friends and family would take turns sharing their favorite happy memories they’d had with her.
“Dammit.” The bass in Jay’s voice caused me to jump. He snatched his tie off and flung it on the dresser.
Since his mom had passed he’d been in a weird mood. He didn’t want to talk or be around anyone and became frustrated with the simplest things. But what worried me most was that he hadn’t shed a single tear.
It had to be shock, which I felt was a lot worse than grief because when reality hit him it was going to be hard. I kept waiting for him to break. As much as he hated it, even to the point of ignoring my presence, I wouldn’t leave his side. I didn’t want him to be alone when that moment came.
I left my spot on the bed and went to stand beside him.
He leaned forward with his fists on the dresser, staring at the floor.
Resting my hand on his back, I rubbed small circles in hopes it would being him some type of comfort, even though he denied needing it. I took the purple tie from then dresser the squeezed my way in front of him.
It was Jayson’s idea to have everyone wear something with purple on it in tribute to his mom. He’d dressed in a white suit with a royal purple tie. I’d chosen a dress to match it.
After I’d secured the tie around his neck, I rested my head on his chest and listened to his heart beat. It sounded the same as always but I could tell it was in turmoil.
Jay stepped out of my embrace and buttoned his suit coat. “We gotta go.”
I nodded and grabbed my gray pea coat from the bed, slipped into it, and then followed Jay to our limo.

~ * ~

I patted my eyes as one of Mom’s former patients finished telling a story about Mrs. Adams. She went on about how her nurse had comforted her when she was close to having a panic attack while in premature labor with her triplets. The woman had been so grateful that she’d named one of them Nicholas as a tribute to her.
Jay glanced at his watch then looked around the crowded dining hall and let out a hard breath. “Have you seen Benji?”
“He’s not here yet?”
Jay shook his head.
Benji was supposed to ride over with us but had never made it in the limo. The driver had no choice but to leave to prevent everyone else from being late. Jay had been texting Benji on and off since we’d arrived. Each time his messages went unanswered, the lines in his forehead deepened and the vein in his temple throbbed.
I reached over and squeezed his hand. “He’ll be here. He probably had to get a cab or something.”
He shook his head and took a sip of his water.
Cam stood when her name was called and climbed up on the stage. She wore an ankle length pale purple dress that flared a bit at the bottom and had long sleeves. Taking the mic, she flashed a confident smile before she began speaking. “I didn’t know Nicolette Adams well, I’d only just met her, but she was the sweetest person I had the pleasure of knowing. She welcomed me with open arms and treated me like one of her own. She was a pure soul, and I’m blessed to have known her, even for a short time. I’ll miss you, Mom.” She kissed her fingers then touched the picture of Mrs. Adams sitting on the stage.
The room erupted in applause as Cam made her way back to the table. I stood and handed her a tissue before pulling her into my arms. “Thank you, Cam.”
I was next so I took a deep breath, hoping I could make it to the end without breaking down.
“Nicolette Adam’s was my mother. She didn’t carry me, or even raise me, but I could never think of her as anything less.” I glanced at my parents who I hadn’t spoken to since Christmas before continuing.
“Growing up I never knew the love of a mother, at least not the type I should’ve received. From the moment I met Mrs. Adams, she was nothing but kind to me. She took me under her wing like the angel she was and helped shape me into the woman I am today. I shared secrets with her that I wouldn’t dare tell my own parents and she never showed an ounce of judgement. Never turned me away. And never made me feel anything but wanted. I have to give her a lot of the credit for the way I turned out. Were it not for the two years I spent knowing her before leaving River Crest, who knows what type of person I’d be today.” I sniffled a bit and wiped my eyes with my Kleenex.
“Mrs. Adam’s had a way of touching people’s lives. If you ever had the pleasure of knowing her, you were better because of it.” I turned to her picture and blew her a kiss. “Thank you, Mom, for everything you did for me, and for raising such a wonderful son. You are forever in my heart.”
When I finished, Jay surprised me by hugging me for the first time in two days. “That was beautiful, baby. She really loved you.”
“I loved her, too.”
Mr. Adams walked onto the stage next and cleared his throat before speaking. I couldn’t begin to imagine what he was going through. To lose someone you loved so completely. I squeezed Jay’s hand then focused my attention on what Mr. Adams was saying.
“Nicolette was and will forever remain the love of my life. From the moment I laid eyes on her I knew she’d be my wife. She on the other hand wasn’t having it, and I couldn’t blame her. I wasn’t a good man when we met, but Nikki being who she was, never tried to change me. She didn’t have to. Just being around her made me want to be a better person. It took some time and she fought me every step of the way, but eventually she allowed me into her heart.
“I have cherished every moment with her, both good and bad, because I knew all we needed were each other to make it through. Nicolette baby, I love you. I always have and I always will.”
When he finished, there wasn’t a dry eye in the room.
A few other people took their turns before the emcee announced ’A Song for Mama’, to be performed by Jayson.
Jay took the stage as the music started up. I hadn’t heard him sing since a talent show in high school, where all the girls had gone crazy when he’d sang ’Incomplete’ by Sisqo and stolen the show.
I smiled as he belted out the lyrics. His voice was beautiful and so was the message to his mom.
He closed his eyes as he sang about loving his mama. A tear broke free and cascaded down his cheek, followed by several more. Soon his face was soaked, but he continued on about her giving him strength to go on and how she was the queen of his heart. His voice broke when he reached the middle of the bridge and he dropped to his knees. The mic fell from his hand, sending a loud screech through the room. 
I raced to him and kneeled on the floor, wrapping him in my arms while he sobbed on my shoulder.
He clung to me, his body shaking as he tried to regain his composure. “She’s gone.”
I rubbed his back and squeezed him as tight as my arms would allow. “I know, baby. I know.”

Chapter Thirty

Jay

I rested my head on Gabi’s lap as we rode back to the house. My dad sat across from me along with a couple of my uncle’s from my mother’s side. The remembrance had ended soon after I’d broken down on stage. I’d tried to hold it together, didn’t want to accept it. Mourning made it real. She was gone. I closed my eyes as another round of tears threatened to spill and swallowed down the sob fighting to get out. I just wanted to sleep for a few hours. Hell, a few weeks. However long it took for the pain to stop.
Once we made it to the house I headed to get a bottle of water. I’d been surviving on it alone for the past few days.
When I entered the kitchen, my fists clenched at my sides. Benji sat at the table with a bottle of vodka, or what remained of it, and a shot glass.
The sight caused my blood to boil beneath my skin. Benji was known for his selfish moments but this took the cake. “So this is why you missed my mom’s funeral? To stay here and get drunk. What the hell is wrong with you Benji?”
He poured himself another shot, not bothering to even look at me. “Fuck off, Jay.”
I shook my head at him. “After everything she did for you, stepping in as your mother when your own abandoned you. You oughta be ashamed of yourself.”
He slammed his glass down, sloshing the contents on the table, and then stood so we were eye to eye. His were bloodshot. “I said fuck off. I’m not in the mood for perfect Jayson and his perfect life.”
“Perfect? My mother is dead. Our mother.”
He shoved me back, a demonic scowl taking over his face. “She was NOT my mother.” He pointed behind me. “He’s not my father.” He shoved me again. “And you,” shove. “are not,” shove. “my brother!”
My back hit the wall with a thud. By now all eyes were on us. “After everything we’ve been through, this is how it’s gonna be?”
His mouth twisted into a sick grin. “That’s the thing Jay, you ain’t been through shit.  The worst thing to happen in your life was your mom getting sick, and even that didn’t happen to you, it happened to her. You’re still Mr. Perfect. Jay’s our star runner, let’s give him a full ride. Jay’s so smart, let’s put him on the Dean’s list. And to top it all off, let’s just throw in his dream girl for good measure.” He took the shot he’d left on the table and downed it. “Don’t stand there and try to tell me what you’ve been through, because if we compare battle scars, I guarantee you, I’ll win.” He grabbed the half empty bottle of vodka and headed for the back door.
“If you leave, I won’t come chasing after you this time.”
He stopped but didn’t turn around. “No one’s asking you to.”
“I mean it, Benj. You walk out that door, I’m done. Don’t expect me to be there to catch you when you fall.”
“I won’t.” With that, he marched the rest of the way out the door and slammed it behind him.
I turned to find my father staring me down. I thought he’d say something about Benji and me fighting. Instead he just shook his head and sulked toward the basement.
I snatched open the fridge and grabbed some water before slamming it shut again. I guzzled half if it then turned to make my way upstairs while yanking at my tie.
Gabi followed me into my bedroom then shut the door behind us.
Continuing to pull at the noose around my neck, I plopped down on the bed. “Can you believe him? My mother was nothing but good to Benji, and this is how he returns the favor? By not even showing up to pay his respects? By getting drunk?”
Gabi stood in front of me and loosened my tie. “People handle death in different ways. Maybe that’s the only way he could cope.”
“He’s a drunken asshole, Gabi. I keep trying to give him the benefit of the doubt, but there’s only so much he can blame on a fucked up childhood before he has to take responsibility for his own actions.”
She said nothing as she pulled the tie off and started to unbutton my shirt.
I sat there while she stripped me down to my boxers then told me to lie on my stomach. I followed her orders then closed my eyes. A moment later the bed shifted and her bare breasts pressed against my back.
She pulled the blanket over us and kissed my temple. A familiar tune drifted into my ear and I lifted my head slightly to look at her.
She smiled while stroking the side of my face. “Your mom told me. She said she used to hum it to you when you were little whenever you were sad or sick, or had nightmares. If you don’t want me to I’ll–”
“You can.” I laid my head back down and closed my eyes, listening to her hum the melody of Black Butterfly.
She laid her face on mine with her lips near my ear and lulled me to sleep with her soft voice. It was different from my mom’s, but still comforting.


I woke to the smell of food, Sylvia’s Fish Grille to be exact. I’d know that smell anywhere. My stomach grumbled, reminding me of the hunger pangs I’d been trying to ignore.
Glancing at the clock, I saw that it was past midnight.
I rolled over on my side and watched Gabi shovel a heaping spoonful of mac & cheese into her mouth.
She smiled and wiped some cheese from her lip. “Hey, sleepy head.”
“Hey. How’d you get to Sylvia’s?” It was a good distance away, further north.
She lifted my car keys and jingled them with a big grin on her face.
I raised a brow at her. “You drove my car?”
“Yeah, I drove your baby.”
“You’re my baby.”
She leaned down and pecked my lips. “I wanted to get you some dinner. I know Sylvia’s is your favorite but you never get to have it because it’s so far from campus.”
I took her hand and brought it to my lips. “You’re the best.”
She offered me a bite of her macaroni but I shook my head. “Maybe later.”
“JJ, you have to eat something. It’s been two days. I’m surprised you haven’t fainted.”
“I just don’t have an appetite, babe.”
She took a potato wedge from her tray and held it out to me. “Please. For your strawberry?” She poked her lip out and flashed those big brown eyes at me knowing I couldn’t resist her.
I opened my mouth and let her feed me the potato. A mixture of garlic and cayenne washed offer my tongue and I damn near salivated. It’d been months since I had Sylvia’s Cajun potatoes. They were still the bomb dot com.
I sat up with my back against the headboard and reached for another.
She grinned and handed me my own tray.
My appetite was bigger than I’d thought. I scarfed down my entire tray in less than ten minutes then guzzled down my drink. Once done I leaned back rubbing my stomach and staring at my love. I definitely had to marry this girl. “I think I was too hard on Benji.”
She looked up from her food, searching my face. “Yeah?”
I nodded. “I was in a bad place, still am. But I should’ve handled the situation better. I know how he gets. He has a hard time dealing with emotions. Always has. He’s my brother and I should’ve been there for him instead of pushing him away. Now because of me he’s out there somewhere, doing God knows what. If something happens to him, it’s on me.” I sniffled and closed my eyes a second. “I can’t lose him too, Gabi.”
She crawled over and sat on my lap, wrapping me in her arms. “You won’t, JJ. We can go look for him if you want.”
“I wouldn’t even know where to begin. He doesn’t tell me anything anymore. Not since I betrayed his trust and called Pops on him.” I ran a palm over my scalp and shook my head. “I suck at being a brother.”

~ * ~

I hung up my phone and tossed it on the sofa next to me. Gabi and I had visited as many bars and strip clubs as we could within a five-mile radius. I’d called and texted him nonstop for hours and gotten no response. It was nearing four a.m. and there was no sign of him.
I lay my head back, nursing the pain in my chest. The past seventy-two hours had taken its toll. A piece of me had drifted into the wind a long with my mom’s ashes. Another had walked out the back door, possibly lost forever. A third had locked himself in the basement hours ago and had yet to resurface. The fourth and final piece lay draped across my lap fast asleep.
My fingers stroked Gabi’s hair absentmindedly. I’d thought things were finally right now that she was mine, but now my world was crumbling around me. I replayed Benji’s words again and again. Was he right? Had my life been too perfect? Was that why the metaphorical rug was being pulled out from under me now?
Growing up I’d never wanted for anything. For as long as I can remember we’d lived in the big house with the white picket fence. With my mom being a nurse and Pops’ fighting career and him eventually becoming an Electrical Engineer, there was always a fridge full of food. I always had nice clothes, electronics, and anything else they spoiled me with. But most importantly I had their love. Not a day went by without them making it known that I was loved.
When Benj had moved in they’d never shown a difference in us, but I think by the time they stepped in it was too late. He was too far gone to recognize what it felt like to be cared for. I’d watched him struggle to stay above water for a long time, telling myself I was doing all I could to keep him from drowning. But had I really? Could I have done more to save my brother from the dark path he was lost on?
I thought back to the first time he’d gotten drunk. We were fifteen. While I didn’t encourage it, I did nothing to stop it either. Had even kept it from my parents who could’ve gotten him help long ago. It would’ve never gotten this bad. And now, just like his mom, I’d abandoned him.
Sleep eluded me as I sat waiting for the call I knew would come. I was Benji’s emergency contact, and soon my phone would ring and someone would say those dreaded words. My brother was dead.

Chapter Thirty - One

Gabi

Jay’s eyes raked over me as I pulled on my jeans. He liked watching me get dressed, said it was almost as sexy as me undressing.
I enjoyed his attention and was happy to see that my JJ seemed to finally be getting back to normal, as much as possible anyway. He’d had me worried for a while. Especially after Benji’s disappearance. Three weeks had passed and still no word. We’d all come to accept that he didn’t want to be found. For Jay’s sake and sanity, I prayed Benji was okay.
Once I’d finished putting on my clothes, I leaned over Jay on the bed and kissed his lips. “See you later, handsome.”
While heading to my first class my phone buzzed with a text from Kas.
Kas: Momster & Dad 4 o’clock
I sent him a quick thanks then put my phone away. My parents had been trying to visit me since the funeral but I still refused to speak to them. Kas, being an awesome brother, had been giving me warnings when they were on their way here so I could avoid them.
I wasn’t sure why my mom kept coming. It wasn’t like she’d had some miraculous change of heart and decided to love me.
“Gabrielle.”
I froze at the sound of my Dad’s voice and turned to my right. What the hell, Kas? My mom and dad crossed the courtyard headed my way while I calculated the distance to the building my class was in. If I bolted now I could make it, but with my luck I’d slip on a patch of ice and break my butt.
I stood with my arms folded and waited for them to close the gap. Glancing over at ‘Momster’, I shook my head. As always, she looked like she had better places to be, so I turned my attention back to my dad. “What are you doing here, Daddy?”
He mimicked my stance, crossing his arms and standing over me. “Did you think I wouldn’t catch on to you and Kasper’s little game?”
Well, it only took you three weeks.
I blew out a heavy breath and adjusted my bag on my shoulder. “Can this wait? I have class in a few minutes.”
“No, it can’t wait. I’ve been trying to get in touch with you for weeks. I’ve given you time and space. Don’t you think it’s about time you acted like an adult so we could sit down and discuss things?”
“Discuss what, Dad? The fact that you lied to me my whole life? Because I think we have that part covered.” Though I’d tried convincing myself I was okay with the whole thing: Roslyn not being my mom and my dad being a huge liar, part of me still craved that love. The other still couldn’t get over the fact that they’d hidden the truth for so long.
“Gabi–”
“No, Dad. I do not want to talk to you! And I don’t even know why she’s here.”
Roslyn stood beside my dad with her hands in her pockets. “Gabrielle, I’m sorry for the way you found out–”
“No, you aren’t. If you’d were you wouldn’t have been so cruel in telling me and you would’ve done so long before now.”
“I wanted to tell you years ago,” She glanced at my dad and frowned. “but it was never the ‘right time.’”
“Bull shit.”
Her body stiffened and her eyes widened. “Watch your language. I may not have given birth to you, but you will respect me.”
“Oh, now you want to parent?”
She fisted her hands on her hips and stepped closer. “Grow up, Gabrielle. I know I wasn’t the best mother to you. But I was never hard on you to be mean, it was because you needed it. With your father giving in to your every whim simply because you reminded him of her, you needed a tough parent so I became that. And don’t you stand there and tell me I never tried. You have fought me every step of the way. I try to bond over shopping, you’d rather go to the game with your father. I try to teach you the catering business and you’d rather play sports. I buy you nice clothes, but you’d rather dress in rags.”
“So that’s what it is? Since I don’t want to be your clone, you hate me?”
“I don’t hate you, Gabrielle.”
“Well you sure as hell don’t love me.”
“Gabrielle–”
“I’m late for class.” I stepped past them and hurried to the class I was now ten minutes late for.
She had some nerve acting as if it were my fault she was a bad mother. Excuse me for having a personality and thoughts of my own. And to try to make herself out as the good guy was just low. How dare she insinuate that her cruelty had been for my benefit. What had she expected me to gain from being made to feel subpar? Empathy?
I leaned against the wall outside my class and massaged my temples. There was no way I could sit through Professor Forrester’s boring lecture with my growing migraine. Pulling out my phone, I texted Jay to see if he wanted to take a free day with me.
Fifteen minutes later Jay greeted me with a kiss after I’d climbed into his car. “Hey, bad girl.”
I stuck my tongue out at him. “Am not.”
“Really? Because I recall you being the one to talk me into skipping class back in high school, too. And everyone thought you were so innocent.”
“I was innocent, still am. I’m an angel.”
He looked at me from the corner of his eye and smirked. “Uh huh.”
We drove a few minutes then stopped at a red light. “So why the one eighty?” he asked. “You were fine when you left for class. What happened?”
I chewed my lip and stared out the window at the cars crossing the intersection. “Dad and mommy dearest finally caught up with me.”
“Oh? Did you talk to them?”
“Not really. It’s more like I yelled, and then my mom yelled, and my dad just stood there. Can you believe Roslyn tried to make it seem like she was doing me a favor by being a bitch to me?”
He glanced over at me and frowned. “Don’t call her that. She’s your mom.”
I reared back, knowing I had to have heard him wrong. “Excuse me? That woman is not my mother.”
“Maybe not by blood, but she raised you.”
I smacked my lips. “Barely.” I folded my arms as heat crept below my skin. “Are you seriously defending her right now? You’re going to take her side too?”
“What?” He didn’t take his eyes off the road this time. “Gabi, I’m not defending anyone, or taking anyone’s side for that matter.”
“Clearly.”
He let out a heavy breath and pulled into the parking lot of a KFC. Once parked he turned to face me. “I’ll always have your back, Gabi. You know that.”
“Then–”
“Let me finish. You know I love you, and that’s why I have to say this even if you’re pissed at me for a while. Forgive them.”
I pressed myself against the door and gawked at him like he’d just informed me he was from the planet Jupiter. “Why would I–”
He held up his hand, cutting me off again. “Hear me out.” He took my hand into his and caressed the back of it. “I’m not saying what they did wasn’t wrong, it was. You have every right to be pissed at them. That being said, still, forgive them, because it could be a lot worst. I don’t think they set out to hurt you.” He dropped his gaze for a moment then looked back up at me. “My mom is gone, baby. And I’m not saying that to garner sympathy or guilt you into doing anything. But the fact is, your mom is gone too, your real one anyway. Like it or not, Roslyn is what you have. They may not be the best parents, but you still have them. Don’t hold this against them forever, because if something happens, you’re the person you won’t be able to forgive if you still hate them.”
I let his words soak in as he pulled around to the drive through. I knew he was right but the stubborn part of me still wanted to hate them. My head spun from being pulled in two different directions. Listen to Jay and forgive them. Disown them and forget they exist. Both were viable options. Though if I chose the latter I’d never discover the truth about what happened to my real mother.
Jay’s voice cut into my internal debate. “You don’t have to decide anything at this exact moment, just think about it. Okay?”
We ate our fill of biscuits, gravy, and mashed potatoes before deciding to finish our afternoon classes then going our separate ways.

~ * ~


I skipped down the steps two at a time, excited to get to Jay’s for movie night. We were watching Furious 7 which I had been dying to see. I was giddy with thoughts of all those sexy men and sexy cars. Oh yeah, and spending time with Jay.
When I reached the third floor landing the door opened in front of me and I almost slammed into it. Fire ignited in my chest as I glared at the person, not because they’d almost taken my head off, but because of who they were. Or better yet, who she was.
Brooke narrowed her eyes at me, and flared her nostrils. Geez those things were huge. “Well if it isn’t the boyfriend stealing bitch.” She scoffed and crossed her arms. “And you had the nerve to call me a slut. I knew you weren’t as innocent as you claimed to be.”
I stepped around her to stand in front of the set of stairs leading to the second floor. “Didn’t you learn your lesson last time you walked away with two black eyes and a crooked nose? Besides, I can’t steal something that was never yours to begin with.”
And cue the neck rolling.
“He was mine until you came along throwing yourself at him.”
I stepped closer to her unable to contain the smirk on my face. “Jay has always been mine. You were just a sorry excuse for a place holder until my crown was done being polished. I’m his queen, and you...are pathetic. Do yourself a favor and get a life.” I turned to leave and her hand gripped my shoulder. My foot slipped, missing the first step and the next that followed. A sharp pain shot through my head, and then the world went black.

Chapter Thirty - Two

Jay

After I finished getting the movie set up, I took inventory, making sure we had everything we needed. Snacks, drinks, and a fluffy blanket because that girl was forever cold.
I peeked in the box of condoms and cursed. Only one left and I wouldn’t have time to go get more before Gabi arrived. I suppose I’d just have to be satisfied with once, which was laughable. I could never get enough with Gabi, and it wasn’t just about the sex. When we connected, that oneness with her was like nothing I’d ever experienced, and never would again. Gabi was it.
Squatting down, I pulled a shoe box from beneath my bed then took out the sneaker and shook it until the little black velvet box fell out. I smiled at the engagement ring that would hopefully soon adorn Gabi’s hand. I was confident she’d say yes, especially considering she’d known she loved me long before I’d grown a brain and realized I felt the same.
There was a knock at the door and I hurried to put the ring away before going to let her in. “It’s about time slow poke. I was about to start watching it without–” My voice stuck in my throat at the sight of Benji. I couldn’t decide whether to punch his face or hug him. I chose the latter seeing that someone had already beaten me to the first one.
He just stood there and smacked his lips. “Get on with that soft shit, man.”
I let go and punched his shoulder. “Where have you been and what the hell happened to your face?”
He massaged his shoulder and stepped past me into the room. “I just needed some time to myself.”
I nodded and sat on my bed. “You good now?”
He shrugged, rubbing at the back of his neck. “I’m...breathing, barely.”
That seemed to be true. He looked dirty, like he’d been living on the streets. His hair had grown out and he’d thinned a bit like he hadn’t eaten in a while. I wanted to question it but didn’t want him to go MIA for another three weeks. “Look, I’m sorry for going off on you the way I did. You were mourning the only way you knew how and I should’ve respected that.”
He flopped down on his bed and laid back. “It’s whatever.”
I again didn’t press him. Just like emotions, Benji was horrible at giving and/or accepting apologies.
He stared up at the ceiling for a while before speaking again. “You know I didn’t mean none of that shit I said, right?”
“Yeah I know.”
He nodded then closed his eyes. A few minutes later he was snoring.
I glanced at the clock then picked up my phone to call Gabi. Where the hell was she? Before I could hit the speed dial button, the phone rang in my hand. Gabi’s Dad? I pondered why he’d be calling while bringing the phone to my ear. “Hello?”
“Jayson?”
“Yeah. What’s up Mr. Tanner?”
“It’s Gabi. There’s been an accident.”

~ * ~

My heart felt like it was collapsing in on itself as I walked through the bright halls of the university hospital. When was it enough? Losing my mom had nearly broken me. If Gabi was gone from my life I may as well just stop breathing. I couldn’t go on without her.
When I made it to the waiting area her parents and Cam were already there, and by the puffiness of their eyes the prognosis wasn’t good.
Benji took a seat next to Cam who then stood and came over to me. Tears brimmed her eyes as she hugged me.
I stepped back and held her at arm’s length. “What happened?”
She shook her head, tears spilling down her face. “I don’t know. They say she fell.”
“Who are they?”
“Some students from our dorm. She was in the stairwell with Brooke and–”
“Brooke. She did this?”
Cam reared her head back. “What? You think she...pushed her?”
“At this point I wouldn’t put anything past her.” I stepped around Cam and went over to her parents. “How is she?”
Mr. Tanner patted his distraught wife’s shoulder and looked up at me. “They’re doing scans now, but she hasn’t woken up. The doctor says she most likely has a mild concussion and could be out anywhere from a few minutes to a few hours. We’ll know more when they come talk with us.”
I nodded and took a seat with my head in my hands. I wasn’t sure how much time had passed before the doctor finally made an appearance, but it felt like an eternity.
We all stood impatiently as she scrolled through a small tablet. “It appears Gabrielle suffered a mild concussion. The MRI showed no signs of any significant damage. As far as we can tell she’s going to be A-Okay. Just a little bump on the head.” She smiled at us and tucked her tablet under her arm. “She does however have a fractured wrist. Most likely from trying to catch herself as she fell.”
I breathed a sigh of relief and sank back into my chair. My baby was gonna be okay.
Everyone around me looked as relieved as I was, except Cam who glared at something then stood. “What the hell are you doing here?”
We all turned to face Brooke at once.
She stood like a deer caught in head lights. Her eyes were red and puffy and brimmed with tears. “I just wanted to make sure she was okay.”
Cam marched over to her with her hands balled into very tiny fists. “So what, you felt guilty about trying to kill her?”
Brooke’s mouth fell open. “What? I didn’t try to–”
“You expect me to believe that you two were arguing and all of a sudden she just fell?”
“It was an accident.”
“Yeah right. You pushed her. Admit it, psycho.”
“I didn’t push her! I grabbed her but–”
“So, you admit your hands were on her when she ‘fell’?”
“No! I mean, yes. But I didn’t push her. She tripped or something. I wouldn’t do that.”
Cam scoffed. “Right. Just like you wouldn’t fake a pregnancy or try to fight Gabi when your lie blew up in your face. What was it, revenge for her kicking your ass?”
A blast of perfume hit my nose as Gabi’s mom rushed by in a blur.
“You’re the little bitch who did this to my baby?”
I stood and made my way over to them before all hell broke loose.
Mrs. Tanner was so close to Brooke their noses were close to touching. “And you have the audacity to come here. You’re lucky I don’t have you brought up on charges.” She stepped back and dug through her purse. “As a matter of fact, I will.”
I stepped between them before they came to blows. “Enough, all of you.”
Cam’s eyes bulged from her head before narrowing at me. “Are you kidding me? You’re defending her?”
“No, I’m not. But we’re in a hospital. This waiting room is full of people with sick family members who may not get good news like we did, and you all are making a scene.”
She relaxed her stance then tossed one last glare at Brooke before going to plop down next to Benji.
I turned back to Brooke who had tears streaming down her face. “Please leave.”
“But–”
“I don’t want you here, and you already know Gabi won’t want to see you. Even if you didn’t push her, you’re still the cause of her falling. I could’ve lost her today, and that would’ve been on you.” I left her standing there and led Gabi’s mom back to where her husband was. “Can we see her yet?”
Mr. Tanner nodded. “They’re going to take us to her in a minute. You can go in first.”


I sat next to Gabi’s bed and took her good hand. The other held a cast around the wrist. I caressed her face near the bandage on her head then leaned over and pressed a soft kiss to her lips. “The doctor says your fine, but I won’t be inclined to believe that until you open those beautiful eyes. So do that for me, please? Wake up, baby.”
Unlike the fairytales, her eyes didn’t flutter open when I pressed my lips to hers.
We all took turns sitting with her for a bit and eventually it circled back to me. I scooted my chair as close as I could and laid my head on her chest. As long as I could hear her heart she was okay.
I woke to a raspy voice calling my name. I lifted my head and was met with a pair of big brown eyes staring down at me.
Gabi cleared her throat and tried to sit but I coaxed her to stay still. “What happened?”
“You don’t remember?”
She shook her head, then grimaced and lifted her hand to the bandage. “I remember leaving my dorm, and then running into Brooke. Everything else is foggy.”
“I don’t know the details, but somehow you fell and hit your head. I’m sure it’ll come back to you.” I leaned over and kissed her forehead. “I’m gonna go get your parents, okay?”
They weren’t hard to find. They’d been stationed outside her room for the last few hours. When they made it inside Mr. Tanner immediately went to his daughter and hugged her. Gabi’s mom stood near the door with tears glistening in her eyes.
When Gabi let go of her dad she too had tears in her eyes. She held her arms open to her mother.
Mrs. Tanner hurried over and wrapped her child in an embrace. “I’m so sorry. For everything. I love you, Gabi.”
“I love you too, Mom.”

Chapter Thirty - Three

Gabi

After changing into the clothes Jay had brought me, I attempted to run a comb through the tangled nest on my head. I only succeeded at breaking several teeth of the comb before tossing it on my hospital bed beside me.
Jay had gone down to the car to make a phone call and then we were going to have breakfast with my parents. The big family secret was finally going to be discussed. My stomach had been flopping around all night since I’d agreed to allow them to disclose their reasons for keeping such a thing from me.
My mom and I had talked...somewhat. She’d apologized for her behavior over the holiday. Apparently, she’d been in a pissy mood from having just lost a big account, which she surprisingly agreed was no excuse.
My brother would also be attending the family meeting. He’d been staying at a friends while my parents visited but had taken a bus up the night before and should be arriving soon.
Someone knocked on the door and I lifted my head expecting to see Jay or possibly a nurse. Instead Haikeem walked in, his mouth lifting into that crooked smile when he saw me. “Hey, Red.”
“Hey.”
“I heard what happened. Glad to see you’re okay.” He came over to the bed holding a bouquet of purple carnations out to me.
I took them with a smile and stood to sat them on the table with the other well wishes I’d received.
He shifted on his feet and tugged on his ear. “I wanted to come by last night, but I knew your family would be here and didn’t want to intrude.”
I nodded and let my gaze roam around the room. I’d only seen him in passing or at Angelo’s since the last time we’d spoken, and each time I did his head was low. I’d made sure Jay and I never sat in is section when he was working, my way of trying to make things easier on him. It didn’t seem to work. Every time I happened to glance in his direction he was either watching us with a frown or looking like a lost puppy. Although he swore he was okay, I knew better. I’d been in his position. His heart had been destroyed by my selfishness.
Had I known how he felt I’d have never accepted his offer for a date. I’d have never kissed him. I’d have never led him to believe there could ever be a future for us. As he stood before me, a broken man, guilt churned in my gut. I just hoped the damage could be repaired somehow and that it wouldn’t change him from the wonderful person he was.
Stepping closer, I wrapped my arms around his waist. “Thank you for checking on me.”
He stood stiff for a few seconds before hugging me back. “When are you gonna stop thanking me for caring about you?”
I giggled into his coat and then pulled away. My eyes flickered to the right, spotting Jay standing in the door way watching us.
Hakieem back peddled, putting some space between us. “I heard about the accident and was just checking on her.”
Jay leaned against the door frame and raised one brow.
Keem turned his attention to me and stuffed his hands in his pockets. “Guess I’ll get going. Take care of yourself.” He turned on his heels and sulked out of the room.
Once he was gone Jay came over and stood in front of me. “Ready to go?”
“He really was just checking on me, and the hug was just me thanking him.”
He wrapped me in his arms and pulled me closer. “Relax, babe. You don’t have to explain yourself. I trust you.”
“And him?”
He shrugged. “He’s not a threat.”
I searched his eyes for a moment and smiled. “Yes.”
His brows knitted together. “Yes, what?”
“I’m ready to go, goof!”

~ * ~

We decided it was best to have breakfast in a private setting, in case of any emotional outbursts. Jay had suggested we do it at his parents’, and my mom of course insisted on preparing our morning meal.
I stared down at my smoked mozzarella and roasted red pepper frittata and wished for Mrs. Adams fluffy buttermilk pancakes with bacon pieces cooked in. Glancing up into my mother’s expectant eyes, I took a small bite on my fork and tasted it. A genuine smile spread across my face and I dug in. It was actually really good and not as fancy as her usual dishes. She was trying, and for that I’d give her credit.
Only trivial topics were discussed at the table. Almost like everyone was too afraid to broach the subject of my maternal mother. After breakfast, we retired to the living room, except Mr. Adams, who vanished into the basement.
I sat on the sofa with Jay and my brother on either side of me. My parents sat next to each other on the love seat with a photo album sitting on the floor next to my dad’s feet. My eyes were glued to it. Was there a picture of my birth mom in there? Her holding me maybe?
My dad cleared his throat, bringing my attention to him. “What would you like to know first, sweetheart?”
I glanced at Jay, who squeezed my hand, then looked back to my parents. “What happened to her?”
Dad leaned forward and rested his arms on his knees. “She died giving birth to you.” Tears formed on his lashes. “It was so unexpected. Even the doctors didn’t know what had happened at first. One minute she was pushing and then she just fell back on the bed. I thought maybe she had passed out due to the stress. She’d been in labor for almost twenty-four hours.” He wiped at his eyes while mom rubbed his back, her face already streaked with her own tears. Dad let out a shaky breath and continued.
“They checked her and confirmed she’d had a stroke. Told me I had to make a choice. Since she couldn’t keep pushing, they’d have to perform an emergency C-section which would delay her care. I did what I knew she would’ve wanted. Imani wanted you so bad. From the moment we married, starting a family was all she talked about. I’d never seen her smile as big as the day she found out she was pregnant with you.
By the time they got you out she was already gone. I found out later that she’d suffered from a ruptured brain aneurysm. That’s what caused the stroke.” His words were cut off with a sob, and he covered his face.
I went over and sat beside him then pulled him into a hug.
He held onto me for a few minutes before composing himself. “I lost the love of my life and gained a new one all at once.” He cupped my face with both his hands and kissed my forehead. “I’m so sorry I kept it from you, Sweet Pea. I never wanted you to think you were the reason for her not being here. I didn’t want you to grow up blaming yourself. With Roz in the picture it made things that much easier. Especially when you started calling her mom.”
I looked past him and at the woman who I’d referred to as mom for as long as I could remember. She patted daintily at her eyes and sniffled a bit. I was confused as to why she was crying at Dad’s story. She’d never been the overly sensitive type. In fact, I don’t think I could recall a time when she’d shown the slightest inkling of sympathy. “Did you know her?” 
She nodded. “We were good friends for a long time before she met, or rather stole, your father.”
My dad rolled his eyes. “Roz.”
She cast him a side long glance but didn’t say anything.
I looked at my dad and frowned. “You married my mom’s best friend two years after she died?”
He sighed and ran a palm over his face. “It’s not how it sounds. We were all friends in college.”
“Until she stole you right from under my nose,” my...other mom cut in.
Dad sighed again. “Roz, you know that’s not what happened. We weren’t even dating.”
“But she knew I liked you. And what did she do? What she always did, anything she could to get what she wanted, damn anyone she stepped on to get it. Because God forbid Imani Hill not get her way.”
I’m pretty sure my eyes probably bulged from my head as I stared at my mom. “You two sound more like enemies than friends.”
She sighed and shook her head. “I loved Imani. She was the spoiled rotten little sister I never had.” She looked over at me, her gaze softening. “You always wondered why I was so hard on you, that’s why. As much as I loved her, that brattiness was not a good quality. If your father had it his way you’d have been just as rotten.”
I stared down at the floor and bit my lip. “I guess I can sort of understand that, but it still doesn’t excuse the way you treated me. It was always like you didn’t approve of anything I did. I was never good enough.”
Reaching over my dad, she took my hand into hers. “I’m sorry for every making you feel that way, Gabi. I guess I was only doing what I was taught. As much as I detest her and am ashamed to say, I became my own mother.” She squeezed my hand and met my gaze. “In all honesty there were times I was envious of your strength. The same with Imani. You’re just like her. You go after what you want and damn anyone who tells you that you can’t have it.” She chuckled, and I allowed myself a small smile. “I don’t want you to ever think that I’m not proud of what you’ve accomplished. I know I’m not the best at showing it, but I promise I’ll try harder. Just do me a favor and don’t give up on me just yet. I haven’t spoken to my mother in almost two decades. I realize now that I don’t want that for us.”
I nodded and leaned over to hug her. After releasing her I wiped at my eyes and looked at both my parents. “So how did you two end up together?”
Dad took mom’s hand in his and turned to me. “After the funeral, Roz offered to help out with you. I was a widowed father with no clue what to do with a baby. A year passed before I even started looking at Roz as anything more than a friend. I spent the next few months falling in love again and hating myself for betraying Imani.” He brought mom’s hand to his lips and pressed a soft kiss to it. “But I could only deny my feelings for so long. As guilty as I felt, I knew Imani would want me to be happy. She was good that way.”
He looked at me again, a sad smile on his face. “I blame myself for a lot of the things you and your mom went through. I can only imagine how she felt, knowing Imani would always be in my heart. Not only that, but having to look at a product of that love every day. I’m not saying it was right or that your mom didn’t love you. Just that...I didn’t make it easy. Even after we married, I still had those moments when I felt like what I’d done was a betrayal to Imani. It took me a long time to accept that there was room in my heart for both of them and that I didn’t have to choose one over the other.”
I gave a small smile and looked over at the sofa, both Jay and Kas were gone. When they’d left was a mystery.
My dad tapped my leg to get my attention. “Would you like to see her?”
Butterflies fluttered in my stomach and I nodded.
He took the album from the floor and placed it so it was half on my lap and half on his, then opened it up and flipped through the pages until he found an 8x10 photograph of a smiling woman.
Tears sprang to my eyes and I covered my mouth to stifle a sob.
Dad rubbed my back. “What’s the matter sweetie?”
I cried some more and wiped at my eyes. “I have her hair.”
Imani Tanner, my mom, was a medium brown complexion. Her light brown eyes matched mine as well as the texture of her sandy brown hair.
My dad took the picture and a few others from the album and gave them to me.
We sat and talked for a while longer before I hunted down Kas and they all left, headed back to Chicago.


Later in my dorm I sat on my bed staring at the photo of my mom that was now in a beautiful glass frame with hearts and flowers painted around the edges.
Jay pulled me up and then sat me in his lap. “How are you feeling, pretty girl?”
I smiled at him then hugged his neck. “I’m a girl with three moms. Couldn’t be better.”

Chapter Thirty - Four

Gabi

One Month Later

I stared up at the huge column then looked over at Jay. “What exactly are we doing here again?”
“Making a memory. Have you ever paid attention to this thing?”
“Not really.” I’d glanced at the large column at Angelo’s from time to time but had never gotten a close look. Standing in front of it now I saw that the engravings I’d noticed all those months ago were actually names.
Jay draped his arm over my shoulder and looked up at it with a smile. “According to the stories, this thing didn’t stay blank for a whole day after Angelo’s opened.” He pointed to two names near the middle: Ava & James. “This was the first couple to carve their names into it. Everyone thought Angelo would be mad and have it removed. Instead he made a tradition so to speak. Since then couples far and wide have come here just to leave their names on Angelo’s column.”
I narrowed my eyes at him and he laughed. “Okay, maybe I’m exaggerating, but still, couples carve their names here and here they stay for years to come. So, what we’re doing here is…making a memory.” He handed me a small engraving tool then lifted me so that I could reach an empty space.
I drew a heart and inside I carved the initials JJ & LR.
Jay sat me down then pulled me close and we kissed below our memory.

~ * ~

A while later I laced my fingers through Jay’s as we walked down the beach, enjoying the afternoon breeze. It wasn’t quite summer yet so the sun didn’t burn our skin and the sand was cool between my bare toes.
Jay stopped and turned to face the lake. He pulled me next to him and held me around the waist. “The last few months have been one hell of a ride.”
“Yeah, it’s amazing we’re both still standing.”
“I wouldn’t have made it through without you, baby. Thanks for being my rock.”
I looked up at him and smiled. “Always.”
“I meant to tell you. I decided on a specialty.”
“Yeah? What is it?”
“Well, first I’m going to become an Oncologist and then get into cancer research. I’m going to find a cure if it kills me.”
I stared up at this amazing man, my chest swelling with pride. I couldn’t have wished for a better person to have in my life and by my side.
Since arriving in River Crest my life had been an emotional roller coaster, but I didn’t regret a moment of the ride. I’d gained more knowledge on myself, grown as a person, and found my first love again, who was now truly the love of my life. I looked forward to all the many twists, turns, and obstacles headed our way because I knew as long as we crossed that finish line together, we’d be more than okay.
Jay snuggled me closer, running his hand up and down my shoulder. “Do you remember this spot?”
I leaned into him and smiled. He’d stopped us in the spot we’d met all those years ago. Who knew the boy I’d punched in the face for calling me Clifford the Big Red Dog would be the one I’d fall in love with? “Yes.”
He grinned big, showing all his teeth and sinking in those dimples. “I like that word.”
I cast him a sideways glance. “Okay goofball. You’ve been being weird all day.”
“Me weird? Nah, I’m just enjoying the company of the most beautiful girl in River Crest and probably the world.”
“Aww.” I leaned up and pecked his lips.
We stood there for a while before he nudged me. “I think you dropped something.”
“What?” I looked down in the sand even though I knew I hadn’t been holding anything. Something small glinted off the sun. I went to bend down but Jay stopped me.
“I’ll get it.” He stooped down and picked up the shiny object. Holding it in front of him, he bent one leg while leaving one knee on the ground. “Little Red...”
I clasped my hands over my mouth when I realized what he held was a ring. In an instant tears sprang to my eyes and my chest burned with sobs. I dropped to my knees in front of him and hugged his neck.
“Gabi, what are you doing? You aren’t supposed to be down here.”
I squeezed him tighter. “Yes.”
He tried to pry me away but I wasn’t budging. “You can’t say yes. I haven’t asked you the question yet.”
My waterfall of tears soaked his t-shirt. I’d waited so long for this moment. For a while I’d given up hope it would ever happen. “I don’t care...yes. Yes, a million times.” I pulled back enough to sprinkle kisses all over his face. “I love you.”
He smiled then pecked my lips. “I love you, too. Now can you please stand up so I can do this properly? You’re kinda ruining my moment here.”
 
~ Fin ~

More by Danielle Burton

College Daze
Teach Me
Somebody to Love
What the Heart Wants

Harmony Heights
If You Love Me
If You Trust Me
If You Want Me
If You Need Me

Heart of a Jameson
Love for Lease
No Greater Love
Captured in Love
Loc’d in Love

Game Lovers Play
Playing for her Heart
Playing to Win

Seven Realms Legends
Savior


Sign up for my newsletter for info on release dates!




Dear Reader,

Thank you! I cannot express how truly thankful I am that you, a lovely stranger, took time out of your life to step into my fictional world. Breathing life into characters brings me a joy that I can’t begin to describe. Each time I create one is like meeting a new person and I am pleased to introduce them all to you.
If you enjoyed this story, please consider leaving a review on Amazon. I’d love to know your thoughts!
For news, updates on new releases, and sneak peeks, head over to my website. There you can read poetry and excerpts from future books, see what’s up next, and sign up for my mailing list for exclusive updates!

Connect with me on Facebook and Twitter!



