Fair Market Value
By Tamara Larson
Copyright 2015 Tamara Larson
Smashwords Edition
Smashwords Licensing Statement
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Chapter One
May – Sunday night
Lauren Gardiner was out of her element – big time.
To think that an hour ago she’d been looking forward to seeing the Valleyview Country Club for the first time. She’d obviously been deluded thinking she could walk into a place like this and actually feel like she belonged. 
Liz Chamberlain, her friend and companion on tonight’s adventure, had warned her that the club’s members had ‘more money than God’s accountant’ so she’d been expecting the charity auction crowd to consist of grandmotherly society types. 
Instead she’d spent the last sixty minutes of her life knee-deep in Barbie twins. 
There were a few older gentlemen in dark suits scattered around the elegant banquet hall but most of the large, round tables were bursting with toned and tanned trophy wives. Not a dimple of cellulite was anywhere to be seen.
Each of these women wore tiny dresses in every sparkly shade known to mankind. The pale material of their glittery clothing emphasized the perfect butterscotch smoothness of their Pilates-sculpted shoulders and drew attention to their suspiciously full breasts - barely restrained by the plunging necklines and thin, spaghetti straps of their dresses. 
Lauren self-consciously glanced down at her own ample yet modestly-covered chest. Next to these dazzling women she felt like another species entirely. She had obviously made a mistake coming here tonight. 
She stared longingly at the exit and thought about making a casual break for the door but it was too late. She could never make it before Liz tackled her and forced her to participate in the upcoming entertainment. And wouldn’t that make for a truly humiliating scene?
Trying to ignore her growing unease, Lauren straightened the long skirt of her drab grey dress and concentrated on watching Liz navigate across the crowded space toward her from the open bar in the far corner. The tall, red-headed nurse effortlessly balanced two full drinks as she skirted the empty stage and then angled past the cat-walk running down the center of the grand room. She somehow managed to catch the eye of one of the silver-haired gentlemen at the next table and paused to chat for a few moments. 
Lauren recognized the silver fox as one of the physicians Liz frequently consulted with through their work at The Health Unit. Despite the presence of his third wife in the chair next to him the old goat ogled Liz’s displayed cleavage with the unrestrained enthusiasm of a horny teenage boy. Liz frequently claimed that ‘her girls’ liked to come out and play so she wasn’t insulted by his covetous stare. Her freckled, attractive face was warm and lively as she smiled down at the entire table. Her boisterous laugh suddenly rang out over the tasteful music provided by a string quartet playing at the front of the room. The merry sound caused several people to look at her in admiration and a few to shake their heads in disapproval but she didn’t seem to notice or care.
Tonight Liz was wearing a long, daringly low-cut black dress and strappy sandals with heels that caused her to tower over practically everyone else in the room. Despite her Amazonian height she seemed as comfortable here among the rich and beautiful as she did among the sick and dying. Ball gown, scrubs or bare-ass naked – Liz never seemed self-conscious. That was the big difference between Lauren and her friend: Liz exuded confidence while Lauren exuded hardly anything at all.
As much as she wanted to work on her lacklustre presence Lauren couldn’t shake the feeling that she needed to escape this uncomfortable situation. She really didn`t belong here. She was a 32-year-old Medical Billing Clerk, for heaven’s sake. She didn’t fit in with the country club set. She should be at home with her television remote in her hand and her overweight cat beside her - where everything was safe and predictable. If she hadn`t sworn to leave her staid existence behind her, home is exactly where she’d be right this second. Unfortunately, she desperately needed to step out of her comfort zone. Starting tonight she’d sworn to herself that she would make an effort and experience life for a change, even if it was somewhat torturous. 
Liz chuckled as she sat down in the empty seat beside her friend. “Stop looking like you’re on your way to the gas chamber. This is supposed to be fun.” She set one of the glasses she’d been carrying in front of Lauren and gave her an encouraging nod. “Drink up. It’ll help. I swear.”
Lauren eyed the glass suspiciously and then took a tentative sip. At one point in her life she would have gladly belted down the entire glass but her drinking days were long gone so she took a more cautious approach instead, barely wetting her lips with the opaque liquid.
She wrinkled her nose when the bitter taste hit her tongue. “Oh. What is that? It tastes like laundry detergent.” She pushed the foul brew away.
Liz smiled and nudged it back toward her friend. “It’s a lemon-drop martini. And it will clean your mind of all inhibitions. So have some more.” She lowered her voice to a stage whisper. “Before we buy you a man.”
Lauren rolled her eyes. “You make it sound so sordid,” she muttered as she raised the glass to her lips and took another tiny sip of the unpleasant-tasting concoction.
“For your sake, I hope so. You desperately need some sordidness in your life. STAT.”
Lauren wrinkled her nose at her friend. “You said this would be classier than going to a singles bar.”
Liz waved her hand around to indicate the elegant surroundings. “Look around. It is classier. But hopefully the results won’t be. Classy sex is boring sex. You want the low-class, dirty kind. Trust me. Trailer park sex beats the hell out of country club sex. Any day.” She waggled her eyebrows at her friend.
Lauren sighed. “Why do I feel like now would be a good time to disappear?”
“You said you wanted a night of passion. And we’re going to get you one.” Liz smacked the table to punctuate her declaration. Her action caused her drink to jump and she had to scramble to avoid a stain on the impeccable cream-coloured tablecloth.
“What makes you so sure?” Lauren pointed at the far end of the stage where movement was becoming discernible behind a thick scarlet curtain. “These guys aren’t gigolos. They’re business men donating their time to raise money for the community. Sacrificing their bodies to the desperate and sexually frustrated is not on the agenda for this evening.”
“Believe me. They can do both. All these guys are single.” Liz held up one of the programs that had been artfully arranged around the table’s ostentatious crystal centrepiece. “And any single guy who spends an evening with you will want to share more than conversation.” Lauren looked doubtful but didn’t interrupt. “Okay? So relax. And take a look at your selections. It’ll be like ordering from a take-out menu.” Liz spread out the program and began to scan it.
Lauren didn’t bother looking at the pictures or descriptions of the 21 bachelors for sale this evening. She really didn’t care about their hobbies or what they did for a living. She just wanted someone who would make her feel alive for a change. This was her first chance in what felt like forever to share a night of passion and no matter how difficult it was she was determined to experience it. She’d been living her life on hold for too many years and now she really couldn’t afford to waste any more time. It was much too precious and she’d spent most of her adult life squandering it.
“Oh oh.” Liz said, taking a big gulp of her martini. “There’s been a change in plans.”
Lauren gave her a puzzled look. “What’s wrong?”
Liz smiled sheepishly. “Well, I confess. I didn’t actually bring you here to pick a random guy. I kind of had someone in mind.”
Oh no. This didn’t sound good at all. Lauren grabbed her glass and drained it, nearly choking on the awful taste. “Who?” She sputtered.
“Jeremy Kingston.”
Lauren’s eyes went wide with shock. “But you hooked up with him,” she nearly shouted. The other guests at the table gave her a disapproving look and she lowered her voice to a hiss. “Didn’t you?”
Liz had the grace to blush. “Well, yeah. I went to his brother’s wedding last year and we had some fun. No big deal.” She shrugged.
“So now you want me to rent your leftovers for the night? We’re sharing men? This evening has officially taken a disturbing turn.” 
Liz shook her head. “It’s not like that. Jeremy is extremely hot. And fun and nice. He’d show you a great time. Believe me.” She fanned her cheeks to indicate the level of hotness to be expected from a night with Jeremy.
Lauren narrowed her eyes. “If he’s so great why wouldn’t you bid on him yourself? Seems like a perfect opportunity for a re-do.”
Liz laughed. “I don’t think so. Jeremy is strictly a one-night stand type of guy. He was pretty clear about his intentions. If I bid on him I’d look like a complete stalker. No thanks. Besides, there’s been a change. He’s been replaced.” She angled the program towards Lauren and pointed at one of the pictures.
“James Kingston?” Lauren said, studying the picture with interest. “Good Lord. Who are these guys? Were they created in a lab or something? Guys like this don’t really exist, do they? This is Photoshopped, right?” 
Liz shook her head and held up her hand as if making a solemn oath. “They’re real. I swear. If anything, this picture doesn’t do him justice.”
Lauren’s eyes widened in disbelief. “C’mon. And I suppose Jeremy is this good-looking and you were just going to hand him over to me? Right!”
“Well, I suppose it depends on your taste. You can’t tell this from the picture but James has reddish hair and he’s really built. Jeremy, on the other hand, is very dark. And he’s more slender. But tall and really sinewy. You should see his forearms.” Her voice took on a dreamy tone as she described her former conquest. “They’re like a work of art.” 
Lauren held up her hand like a stop sign. “Spare me the details. Do you actually think I’m going to have a chance with a guy who looks like this?” She pointed to James’ picture. “Every woman in this room is going to be bidding on him. And I’m on a very limited budget.” 
Liz looked evasively down at the floor. “Well, maybe not. He’s not every woman’s type.”
“Please. That guy is every woman’s type. Catatonic women in long-term comas want to date him.”
“Well, he’s good-looking. I’ll grant you that. But looks aren’t everything.” Liz circled the rim of her glass with one ragged fingernail.
Light dawned in Lauren’s eyes. “Oh crap. You’ve slept with him and it was awful, wasn’t it?”
“Jeez. You make it sound like I’ve been with everyone.”
Lauren gave her an accusing glare.
“I have not slept with James. I swear.” Liz crossed her heart, nearly losing a spaghetti strap from her shoulder in the process. “What? You think I’m working my way through the Kingston Brothers?”
“Are you?” Lauren asked snidely.
Liz just grinned. “No. But it would be a fun trip.”
Lauren raised one eyebrow and crossed her arms over her chest. “So, what’s wrong with James? Is he nasty? Doesn’t shower? Picks his nose? Kicks puppies? What? Please don’t tell me that he has dog-breath.”
Liz shrugged. “He’s quiet.”
“Quiet?”
“Yeah. Jeremy and Jacob are both really outgoing and fun. Jack is the fierce, kinda scary one. He also happens to be recently married to my friend, Lacey. And James is just quiet.” She shrugged again. “Nothing wrong with him, but he’s not big on the whole talking thing. For some women, that’s a real turn-off.”
Lauren soaked in this information and snuck another look at James’ picture. She really didn’t require a lot of talking for what she had in mind. In fact, considering the way she babbled when she was nervous, a non-verbal Kingston Brother might be exactly what she needed. She may have just found the perfect candidate for her long overdue evening of passion.
*****
James Kingston yanked at the tight collar of his white tuxedo shirt with one finger and cursed creatively under his breath. Looking out at the crowd of overdressed women he felt like a complete idiot. They were staring up at him like he was the last pint of Ben & Jerry’s on the planet. He’d never felt more like a piece of meat in his life. Right then he vowed to say ‘Hell, no’ the next time his cousin, Serena, tried to rope him into one of her publicity schemes. 
Originally it had been his brother, Jeremy, who’d been scheduled to take part in this particular event, but he had backed out at the last moment. A mysterious trip to New York had somehow taken precedence over the first annual Brookhaven Bachelor Auction for Charity. 
Cagey bastard, James thought, probably planned this all along as a joke. I will feed him his scrotum when he drags his skinny ass home.
Plans for revenge made him feel a bit better, but overall he still had to fight the urge to hurl his guts onto the stage. Knowing Serena, she’d probably make him go through with this farce even after some projectile vomiting. It was like his third grade Christmas pageant all over again. He smiled a bit at the thought but still wished he could escape without having to go out there and strut his stuff in front of a ballroom full of cougars-in-training.
Jacob, one of his other brothers, would have been thrilled to be on display like a puppy in a pet store window. He probably would have done an awkward yet enthusiastic dance routine and charmed the audience into inflating their bids. A raunchy striptease wouldn’t be out of the question if he felt he wasn’t getting the attention he deserved. But Jacob was gone. He’d left town last year to join the Seattle Police Department. Close enough to make every single Sunday dinner but evidently not close enough to help out a brother when he really needed it.
Jack, the eldest Kingston brother, was married now so not really eligible for the bachelor auction. Not that Big Jay would have subjected himself to this scene anyway. Even if Serena had somehow managed to coerce him into participating Jack wasn’t exactly the friendly type. His scowling countenance would have frightened the local socialites out of their false eyelashes. 
So he, James, was the only Kingston left to represent their home construction company at this very worthwhile charitable event. He’d offered to just contribute a hefty sum towards the cause but Serena had just given him a cold look. 
“It’s not about the money,” she’d said, with that haughty, know-it-all expression he just hated. “This is about being a part of the community. People are simply more willing to buy real estate from a company who contributes and cares about what’s going on. That means showing that handsome face and being visible at events like this. Writing a check is not the same thing.” 
This conversation had occurred at the site of Kingston Brothers latest project, a condo development called Soleil, in the heart of the Brookhaven village subdivision. Serena, a full partner in Kingston Brothers and the realtor for all their projects, had tracked him down to the incomplete fourth floor of the building where he was triple-checking the sprinkler system placement. He’d been standing on a scaffolding platform and consulting his clipboard when she’d confronted him on the subject. 
She’d actually chased him all the way up four flights of stairs. She’d accomplished this wearing four-inch heels and a bright pink hard-hat perched on her shiny blonde updo. She should have looked ridiculous or at least out-of-breath but somehow Serena always managed to look elegant. No matter where she was and what she was doing, she was a force to be reckoned with. And she was reckoning with him this time. Unfortunately. Usually he kept himself firmly off her radar but he’d somehow managed to capture her undivided attention this time. Not a good place for anyone who valued his balls.
“Why can’t Mark do it?” He’d asked absently as he’d consulted the most recent inspection checklist clipped to his clipboard. This project was already running behind and he needed to get everything in order before the end of the week. Otherwise Jack would give him a whole world of shit. This was the first time his big brother had trusted him to be entirely in charge of a construction site on this massive scale and James didn’t intend to disappoint him. So even if he’d been insane enough to want to take participate in the auction, taking time off to prostitute himself was not an option until Soleil was completed. 
Serena had sighed, crossed her arms over her chest, and looked up at him balefully. “Mark isn’t a Kingston Brother.”
James snorted. “Close enough. I don’t see why he can’t shake his ass like the rest of us.” 
There was actually a very good reason why Mark Goldsworthy would not be taking part in the auction: Serena didn’t like other women looking at the former NFL player. Mark was a long-time, family friend. He’d worked for Kingston Brothers before he was drafted to the Dallas Cowboys after college. An injury had ended his career early and now that he`d returned to town he was the landscaper for all their projects. 
Originally Serena had been adamantly against this arrangement. She’d had a grudge against Mark but eventually he was able to win her over and they’d fallen in love. They’d just built a gorgeous, four-bedroom house in Brookhaven village and were currently in the process of moving in together. 
 Serena kicked one shiny pump at a pile of Styrofoam packing material. She looked like she’d much rather be kicking him. “Ass shaking is not required,” she said through gritted teeth. “All you have to do is dress up in a nice suit, smile as the emcee introduces you, and then walk down the stage without passing gas or falling on your face. A learning-disabled chimp could do it. So, what is the big deal? Don’t tell me you still have stage fright. You threw up on the Baby Jesus 20 years ago. Time to get over it, Jimmy Dean.”
James scowled at the use of his hated nickname. His middle-name was actually ‘Dennis’ but obnoxious family members still occasionally modified it when they were trying to get a rise out of him. He never actually let his irritation show, of course, but that didn’t stop his back teeth from grinding together whenever Serena used it.  
It wouldn’t be so bad if ‘Jimmy Dean’ referred to the legendary actor, but instead the appellation was a reminder of his childhood love of sausage. Being called “Jimmy Dean, the Sausage King” hadn’t exactly helped with his shyness. Neither did the extra weight that went along with his fondness for greasy breakfast food.
He held out his arms in exasperation and gestured towards the construction site around them. “Serena. I just don’t have time. Seriously. I’m sure Jeremy or Jacob will be around next year. Let’s just take a pass this time, ok?”
Serena narrowed her eyes at him. “Pass? You seriously think that’s going to happen? With the auction only a week away? How many sets of successful, straight, sane brothers do you think there are in this world?” He gave her a blank look. “That’s right. None. There aren’t any. You guys are a novelty. Rabid, rich, lonely women are expecting to have the option of bidding on one of you at this thing. And you are it, my friend. Weaseling out of this is not an option. I gave my word to the organizers, so it’s happening.”
“Serena,” he gave her an exasperated look. “This is not my thing. You know that.”
She shrugged and looked unconcerned. “Too bad. We all have to make sacrifices. And you need to get out of your comfort zone anyway. When was the last time you went on a date anyway?”
James growled. “I appreciate your concern, Ess. But dating isn’t high on my list of priorities right now.”
Serena slapped her hand against the scaffolding. The sound of her palm against the metal made a satisfying hollow sound, so she did it again. “You think I don’t know what’s going on with you, don’t you?” 
James felt a tingle of unease slither down his spine. “Going on?”
“I’m talking about The Harem. So don’t even try to play innocent with me!” She shook her finger at him like an irate spinster librarian.
James nearly dropped his clipboard. How the hell did she know about that? “Harem?” He gave her a blank look and then resumed scanning his checklist.
“Yes. Harem.” Serena said, giving the scaffolding a good shake this time. “I overheard Jacob and Jeremy talking about it. Apparently you have the perfect situation worked out. Three women. No strings. No emotions. Just regular weekly sex appointments with each of them. It’s disgusting.”
Disgusting? That seemed harsh. It’s not like he had sex with them all at once. Or even in the same day. Usually. 
Melanie, Danica and Chelsea hadn’t even met as far as he knew. He never claimed exclusivity with any of them. And none of them had a problem sharing, so what was so bad about having three regular sex partners exactly? His needs were met and so were theirs. No harm, no foul. 
Alright, so the emotional connection wasn’t exactly deep with any of them, but that wasn’t what he was looking for. He loved sex but was disastrous at small talk and dating, so he let women approach him. If he found them appealing then he was upfront about what he wanted. Everyone was happy. What exactly was so disgusting about that?
“This is none of your business,” he said, jumping down from the scaffolding. He landed directly in front of Serena who just glared at him. At 6’2 he stood a few inches taller than her, but Serena wasn’t intimidated in the slightest by his attempt to loom over her. 
Instead she punched him rather viciously in the upper arm. “Maybe not, but I care about you, Jimmy Dean. So I’m making it my business.”
James ignored her attempt at bodily harm and patted her shoulder awkwardly. “I get it. You and Mark are all Happily Ever After now so you want me to get on board with the whole monogamy thing. Really not interested. So please, stay out of my personal life. That includes trying to pimp me out at this auction.”
“James.” She softened her tone and gave him a sympathetic look. “You know I hate saying this, but you aren’t that kid anymore. Women will like you if you just give them a chance.”
James froze. What the hell? She could not be bringing this up. “I have no idea what you’re talking about.” He gave her a warning look which she completely ignored.
“C’mon. It’s so obvious. Your brothers were all golden from the second they sprung from Auntie’s womb. And you, well, you were a late bloomer. That’s bound to make you feel a bit insecure. Especially around women.”
Late bloomer? That was the universal euphemism for ugly duckling, wasn’t it? If so, then he’d certainly been that. Not only had he been chunky, he’d also sported some rather alarming orange hair with matching ginger freckles, and a stutter that came shrieking to life at the most inconvenient moments. Especially around girls or when he was required to speak in front of the class. He’d looked nothing like his popular, athletic brothers but the social awkwardness that plagued him had been what really set him apart. 
But that was a long time ago. After high school his carroty hair had darkened to auburn and being outdoors all the time had darkened his skin so the freckles were less noticeable. And the fat was long gone. He wasn’t that nerdy kid anymore and he didn’t need Serena feeling sorry for him. His days as the family embarrassment were over. He had a harem, damn it.
James gave Serena his most arrogant smile. “Women are no longer an issue, Serena.”
Serena spoke slowly to him, like he was an idiot. “I know you think that, but don’t you want a real relationship? And a family someday? Do any of your harem girls seem like forever material?”
She had him there. The women he saw regularly seemed nice enough but he’d never considered spending more than a few hours with any of them. He didn’t really know them that well despite the intimate nature of each relationship.  
As much as he’d changed over the years he still had a tendency to avoid verbal exchanges with women. He told himself this was because he was too busy to spend his precious free time struggling with awkward conversation. Mutual satisfaction was his objective when he was in their presence. Maybe that made him a jerk but none of them had ever complained. Not that he gave them a chance. As far as he was concerned, talk was overrated. Unless it was really filthy. That kind of communication he had no problem with.
The fact remained that he did want something more. Someday. The Harem worked for him right now but what about in ten years? Did he really want to be that pathetic middle-aged guy who never settled down? Was that his fate because he found it difficult to talk to women outside his own family? Pathetic. Especially now that Jack was married. The rest of his brothers would follow his example eventually and he’d be left looking like the creepy single uncle whose vocal chords still went on strike whenever he tried to talk to an attractive woman. Not a pretty picture of his future.
Maybe Serena had a point. “What makes you think I’ll meet someone at this auction anyway? Aren’t all the women in the audience, you know, older?”
“Some of them are older, yes, but what does that matter? It’ll force you to sit and talk to a woman. Be sociable. If you want, you don’t have to go on an actual date. You can offer to do some household chores instead.” James gave her a dirty look. “C’mon. You’re handy. If it would make you feel more comfortable you could clean their rain gutters or sand their floors. The only stipulation is that you have to spend four hours together.”
“So why can’t she just come here and stand around while I oversee this?” He waved at the construction site with his clipboard.
Serena closed her eyes and took a deep fortifying breath. “You are really out of touch with this whole dating concept, aren’t you? Who’s going to pay for the pleasure of watching you stand around yelling at people?”
He shrugged. 
Serena’s mouth quirked up in a half smile. “Would you consider doing it with your shirt off? ‘Cause that might work.”
James snorted. “Absolutely not. The other guys would give me such shit if I stood around looking like a Chippendale’s dancer while some pervy old lady ogled my junk.”
“I’m okay with that.” Serena grinned at his disgusted expression.
“No way.” 
“C’mon. It’s for charity. And Kingston Brothers will get some great publicity. You want this condo development to sell, right?” She wheedled. “Prove to Jack that he was right when he put you in charge? This will help.”
James grunted at that. “You’re not going to let this go, are you?”
Serena gave him a pitying look. “Nope. You might as well just give in now and save me the trouble of blackmailing you.”
Hmmm. She would probably do it too. His mother would not be happy if Serena ‘accidentally’ let it slip that he had a harem. She had not raised her sons to use women solely as sex objects. 
He blew out a long, exasperated sigh. “Alright. I’ll do it. But if it looks like some seventy year old wants to make me her pool boy, then I expect you to step in and bid on me.”
Serena reached up and threw her arms around his neck. “You’re my favorite cousin. Have I ever told you that?”
James gingerly returned her hug. “Yeah. You’ve told me. You’ve also told each of my brothers the exact same thing.”
That conversation had occurred a week ago. Right now he was standing on the edge of the stage, waiting to be introduced to a roomful of predatory socialites. He’d watched twenty guys strut out there like it was a trip down the supermarket aisle. All of them were smiling and confident. And then there was him, shaking in his shiny shoes like a little bitch.
This was quite easily the most unnerving experience of his life. Way worse than the ill-fated Christmas pageant. Even worse than the one time he had asked a girl out on an actual date in tenth grade. He’d stuttered so badly that Kimmie Thompson had stared at him blankly for thirty seconds before responding with a resounding, “What?” He’d walked away from that humiliation just as he was tempted to do right now.
He wasn’t that geeky kid anymore. He was a man and a man honored his responsibilities no matter how ridiculous they were. In a moment of weakness he’d agreed to this humiliation, so he’d carry through. At the very least, he would prove to Jack how serious he was about taking a more active role in Kingston Brothers. His older brother had been badgering him for years to take a more dominant part in the company. Participating in a publicity stunt like this was a clear statement that he was ready to take on more responsibility.  Even if it was a last ditch effort that may just kill him.
Until this past year he’d been content to work behind the scenes. With three other more dynamic brothers he hadn’t seen the point in asserting himself. Then Jack had met Lacey Ferguson. From that moment on it became clear that the eldest Kingston Brother would no longer be working 16 hour days to re-build their family business. He was still the driving force behind most of their decisions but Jack had a life now and was no longer willing to be consumed by work.
Then Jacob, the youngest Kingston brother had confessed that he didn’t want to be a part of Kingston Brothers. Despite being an amazing carpenter, he’d decided to pursue his dream of being a police officer instead.
Then there was Jeremy. The architect. He had no interest in getting dirty and doing the actual building required in running a home construction business. 
All the Kingston Brothers had grown up on build sites and had learned practically every detail of construction at their father`s knee but Jeremy had hated every second of it. Unlike his brothers he’d longed for a job which challenged him intellectually rather than just physically. After he attained his degree he refused to take part in what he considered the grunt work.
That left James to pick up the slack. He wasn’t brilliant like Jeremy or wildly talented like Jacob, or even a born leader like Jack, but he was exceptionally good at just about everything else. Everything except dealing with people, that is. And now he’d have the opportunity to demonstrate exactly how competent he was in that area too. If he could just get through tonight and finish the Soleil condo project without any major screw-ups he’d finally show Jack that he could handle all aspects of running Kingston Brothers, not just the physical side that no one else wanted to do. And if that didn’t satisfy his damn Highness, then James had a back-up plan he’d been toying with for the past few years.
His Super-Secret Plan B would involve some serious thought and planning to avoid alienating his family but he would go ahead with it if that’s what it took to gain the respect and independence he was sorely lacking working with his brothers.  They needed to stop seeing him as the stuttering geek and he would go to any measures necessary to break free of their skewed perception of him.
But he could worry about proving himself tomorrow.
Tonight his only goal was to avoid throwing up on the audience. If he could just manage that, he’d be golden.
Chapter Two
“Oh my God. Is that him?” Lauren gasped as she squeezed Liz’s hand hard enough to make her friend wince.
Lauren couldn’t take her eyes off James Kingston. She should have been embarrassed at her complete lack of coolness but she found that she really didn’t care if she looked like a total groupie. She was in lust and didn’t really care who knew it. She was done with hiding her emotions, especially when it came to men. She’d spent the last 10 years being selfless, and it was time she started thinking about what she wanted for a change and he fit the bill perfectly.
She should have been discouraged by the annoyed expression on James’ chiselled face but in truth she was glad he looked like a bear with his paw stuck in a honeypot. She found it oddly endearing that he was obviously here against his will and wondered who exactly had forced him to participate in this event. Was he just being charitable or did he have an ulterior motive for being here? She was both wildly curious and fascinated by him. She just hoped she had a chance to find out more about the man.
She could tell by the lack of bids that the other women in the room were put off by his thunderous scowl. If this kept up she might actually have a chance at spending an evening with the object of her desire. And wouldn’t that be a sign that her luck was finally improving?
She raised her paddle to indicate her bid. The emcee acknowledged her with an enthusiastic hand gesture and waited for someone else in the audience to match her low bid. She held her breath and looked around the room, watching for some competition, but no one raised their paddle. Could this be happening? What did these women know that she didn’t? James was absolutely the best looking bachelor for sale, so why was she the only one interested in him?
She grabbed the program with her free hand and quickly perused the blurb next to James’ photo. It was pretty basic. It said he worked in construction and enjoyed spending time with his family. Nothing too off-putting there. No mention of being a serial killer or enjoying any outlandish perversions. Why on Earth was no one bidding on him?
She glanced up again, just in time to see him walking down the stage towards her, looking pale and hunted. He paused right in front of her and for a long moment their eyes locked. He looked so distressed that she nearly reached up to him. But then he seemed to collect himself. Taking a deep breath he tore his eyes away from her and kept moving down the stage on legs that seemed not quite steady.
“What’s wrong with him? Is he drunk?” Lauren whispered urgently to Liz.
“I doubt it. I think that was just an epic case of stage fright. I thought he was going to hurl for a second there.”
“Stage fright? Seriously?” How could a stud-god like James Kingston suffer from stage fright? A man who looked like an action movie star should be used to being stared at, shouldn’t he? He should be the most confident man in the world and yet he obviously wasn’t even close to being comfortable in front of a crowd. How strange. And utterly fascinating.
Liz shrugged. “It would appear so. Didn’t stop him from staring at you for a good thirty seconds though. That was pretty intense. Are your panties still intact? Cause that look must have melted them a little.”
“My panties are fine. Thanks.” Lauren completely lied. Her panties did in fact feel a little on the toasty side.
Liz gave her a knowing smirk over the rim of her glass and pointed her chin towards the emcee. “Don’t look now, but it looks like you have some competition.”
Lauren held her breath as a deeply-tanned, middle-aged blonde bombshell on the other side of the stage raised her paddle. 
Damn. Lauren raised her own paddle to up the bid. 
The blonde did the same.
She frowned ferociously at her competition as she raised her paddle again.
The cheap-looking blonde smiled sweetly at her, fluffed her already fluffy hair and raised her own paddle. The bids went higher and higher as the audience went quiet, watching the two women compete for an evening with a Kingston Brother.
Lauren knew she should stop. This was madness. She was already so over budget for the month.  Every penny was accounted for and yet she couldn`t seem to stop herself from raising her paddle. She should have been appalled at her reckless behaviour but instead she felt a huge smile pulling at her lips. This was fun. And when was the last time she did anything even remotely fun or spontaneous. Didn`t she deserve a little distraction? Just this once?
And then it was over. Over-the-Hill Barbie had given up. James was hers. Now the question was: what was she going to do with him now that she’d won him?
*****
James let out a huge sigh of relief. Cherry Pizor, the well-preserved blonde who’d been bidding on him, had finally given up. She was a nice lady, and really hot for a woman in her late forties but his brother, Jacob, had spent a few nights with her last year and according to him she was as sexually voracious as a cat in heat. He liked a woman who didn’t play games, hence The Harem, but the last thing he needed in his life was another woman treating him like an anatomically-correct sex doll. 
He leaned against the cool concrete wall behind the banquet hall and took deep breaths, waiting for his heart to stop pounding in his ears like the base line to particularly obnoxious rap song.
Loosening his tie he closed his eyes and tried to think of something soothing. Anything besides the dozens of predatory females he’d just escaped would be an improvement. But his mind wouldn`t let go of that nightmarish image. His heart continued to pound and he felt himself fighting to catch his breath as he recalled the way they had all been so focused on him. Their faces like hungry vultures hovering over fresh road kill as they watched him, waiting for him to screw up, to fall, to show how stupid and weak he felt up there, on display for their amusement.
God, it was just like the Christmas pageant all over again, except worse because he wasn`t a frightened, nerdy kid anymore. Now he was an adult who just happened to be scared shitless of a room full of harmless women. There were no excuses for his behaviour. He loved women and they seemed to love him right back. So why had he freaked out like this? On some level he knew there was nothing to be scared of and yet his flight or fight instinct had kicked in like he’d just faced off against a room full of terrorists on meth instead of a bunch of horny housewives.
He was truly pathetic. Man, he was so glad none of his brothers had been at the auction. He couldn’t even imagine the ribbing he’d have to endure if any one of them had seen him wuss out like that. He just prayed Serena had been busy networking instead of watching him make an ass out of himself. 
At the thought of Serena he felt his gorge rise in his throat - hot, greasy and metallic. Bending over at the waist, he waited for the stomach to release his lunch but it didn`t happen. One face slid into frame behind his watering eyes and the urge to vomit subsided. One non-threatening, adorable face in what he perceived as a sea of hostility.
The girl in the dowdy grey dress had looked at him with such admiration and sweetness. Her eyes, their unusual color somewhere between blue and green, had caught his as he’d nearly stumbled down the runway. She had smiled up at him but it hadn’t been a mocking leer. It had been a shy, tender expression of sympathy and approval. Just that one look had been enough to give him the strength to continue to the other end of the stage without crumbling in a heap. 
Now the image of her delicate face was burnt into his mind. He focused on it and felt his heart start to beat at a less frenetic pace. He slowly stood up and the vice that had been squeezing his rib cage loosened its punishing grip and he took several blessedly easy breaths.
Then he opened his eyes and he no longer had to imagine that sweet face because it was right there in front of him. The girl from the audience was watching him warily from the side of the building as he tried to pull himself together. She had obviously followed him as he’d raced off stage.
“Are you ok?” She asked, reaching one pale hand out as if to steady him.
He nearly laughed. She was a tiny thing. If he was going to collapse like a lightning-struck tree then her small body would do very little to prevent his inevitable crash to the ground. 
A small, perverted part of his mind thought having her beneath him under any circumstance would be just what he needed. His eyes wandered down her compact body and he found himself thinking exactly how much he would like to feel those sweet curves cushioning his body, preferably as he thrust wildly between her eagerly spread thighs.
The thought took him completely by surprise. Seconds earlier he’d been nearly hurling from stage fright and now he felt a familiar stir beneath his tuxedo pants as his cock hardened and rose against his stomach. Getting a hard-on was a pretty common occurrence for him. He was a typical guy, after all, and probably thought about sex about a million times a day. He was particularly prone to this condition when he was alone with a pretty girl. But being scared out of his mind didn’t usually put him in a particularly horny mood. In fact, he couldn’t recall a less sexy scenario than standing behind the hall, in the freezing cold, with a view of the parking lot as he attempted to gain control of himself after his ludicrous panic attack.
His body, however, didn’t seem to care how inappropriate it was to be sporting major wood as he recovered. He was suddenly achingly aroused and desperate for relief. Everything else faded away as his libido took the wheel.
He looked down at her upturned face and instead of responding like a normal, civilized person and reassuring her that he would survive his recent humiliation he instead imagined kissing her. Those full, pink lips of hers would taste sweet beneath his, he just knew it. And she had come out here to check on him. She was concerned and definitely interested. He could tell by the way she’d been watching him earlier that she wouldn’t be averse to a kiss and maybe more.
He was actually lowering his head when his mind finally kicked in and saved him from making a complete ass of himself. Well, more of an ass anyway.
He jerked his head back and that’s when he caught sight of Serena, standing in the open doorway to the banquet hall with a pitying look on her face that made his skin crawl. 
*****
Lauren bit her lip to stifle her cry of disappointment.
The gorgeous James Kingston had been on the verge of kissing her. She knew it. He’d been staring down at her, his red-rimmed but blazing blue eyes riveted firmly on her lips. Then he’d pulled back at the last second and his gaze had veered around her and towards the banquet room entrance.
He`d been slumped against the wall with his head lowered and his hands clenched at his side when she`d found him. Every line of his body had been rigid as if he was preparing himself to ward off a punishing blow from a powerful foe. But it was the tortured look on his face that made her reach out to him. She couldn’t help herself. He looked like a man in terrible pain and all she wanted to do was ease that misery somehow.
Then he`d opened his eyes and focused on her face. In a split second his expression had immediately shifted from dejected to one of pure volcanic heat. No man had ever looked at her like that. Never. In her entire life. He looked like he wanted to consume her. 
That look had shocked her to her core. How could this man look at her like that? With all the beautiful women in the room behind them it didn’t seem possible that he could want her so badly that he could barely restrain himself. She wasn’t the type of woman to inspire such passion. She considered herself lucky if an attractive guy gave her a friendly smile. Her experience with a man who made her want to drop her panties without saying a word was non-existent. 
“I’m ok. Really.” He said with a grimace. “Must have been food poisoning or something.”
Lauren arched one eyebrow but let the obvious lie go. No point in emasculating the guy by pointing out that food poisoning doesn’t resemble the obvious panic attack he’d just endured. 
Then the door behind them opened and his gaze was drawn away. His posture suddenly altered like he`d been jabbed with a cattle prod. He stood up straight and raised his chin, all passion gone from his face as he gathered himself together and glared behind her. 
“Can I get you anything? My friend is a nurse. I can go get her if you want.” Lauren started to turn back towards the banquet hall without waiting for a response from James. He didn’t say a word, but he reached out and grabbed her arm to prevent her from leaving. Lauren looked up at him in surprise but his attention was completely focused on the young blonde woman standing in the doorway. Her arms were crossed and she had a mulish expression on her face as she stared back at James.
Lauren looked back and forth between the two, feeling like a complete outsider. These two were either going to have some wild monkey sex or kill each other in the next few seconds. Either way, she didn’t want to be in the middle of that particular battle. As much as she’d wanted to comfort James, he clearly was feeling much better if he was capable of such hostility.
“Jimmy Dean. Stop looking like I planned for that to happen.” The young woman pointed with her thumb at the banquet hall. “How was I supposed to know--?” 
“Don’t call me that.” James interrupted through gritted teeth. “And I told you this wasn’t my thing. So don’t pretend you had no clue. You just couldn’t help yourself. You never can. Face it, Serena. You love to manipulate people. It’s what you live for.” 
“James. C’mon.” The blonde woman said with an eye roll. “Stop being so dramatic.”
James looked at her for a long moment like he was going to go completely nuclear but then he seemed to gather his control. He gave Serena a disgusted look and then turned back towards Lauren and loosened his grip on her arm slightly. “You won the auction, right?”
Lauren nodded emphatically. “Yeah. I did. It was a real flurry at the end there but I somehow managed to make the winning bid. I’ve never won anything before. And now this.” Oh dear God. She was babbling already. But one look into those electric blue eyes and she completely lost any ability to remain cool and collected. 
“Great. Then let’s get out of here.” He began tugging her towards the parking lot instead of the banquet hall. His long legs ate up the distance so Lauren had to jog to keep up with him. He stared straight ahead, not even glancing at her or back at the woman he’d been arguing with just moments before. His expression was grim and he seemed to practically vibrate with his impatience to escape the country club.
“You want to go now?” Lauren stammered, looking back over her shoulder at the blonde woman who was watching them with a strange little smile on her face. She wouldn’t be smiling if this man was dangerous, would she?
“Absolutely.” He tugged at his bow-tie with one hand but kept his other firmly around her arm. “I can’t wait to get the hell out of here.”
Lauren nearly stumbled as they reached the gravel parking lot. 
James paused long enough to steady her and then kept moving at his previous breakneck speed. 
Suddenly losing patience, Lauren dug in the heels of her sensible shoes and tried to tug her arm out of his grip. He seemed oblivious to her resistance. His gaze was firmly focused on the massive dark-green truck at the far end of the parking lot. 
“Stop!” She cried. “Just stop. Let go of me. Please.” She nearly wept with relief when he stopped in his tracks. As curious as she was about him, this wasn’t exactly how she’d pictured their evening together.
James immediately released her arm and held his hands up as if burned. “What? Isn’t this what you wanted? You won me. So I’m yours for the night.” His belligerent tone and the impatient expression on his face indicated he wasn’t thrilled with the prospect of spending the evening with her but he would grudgingly do his duty. No matter how painful.
Lauren just stared at him in shock. Right this second she wished she’d never raised her paddle. She’d actually felt pity for him. What was wrong with her? This guy deserved an enema with battery acid, not her sympathy.
He glared at her. “You did bid on me, right?”
Lauren shook her head. She was dealing with a jerk. A very hot jerk but a jerk nonetheless. She should just walk away and leave him to sulk on his own. Instead she shrugged and stood her ground. “I did but I didn’t know an evening with you would be like this. It feels more like a kidnapping than a date.”
James dragged a hand over his face. “Damn it. I had no idea. I`m a brutal asshole.  I swear I don`t usually act like such a caveman.”
Lauren gave him a doubtful look. “Are you sure? ‘Cause it seems like it comes quite naturally to you.”
His lips seemed to twist in a faint smile at that. “What can I say? I’m a little behind on my evolution.” He put his hands on his slim hips and took a deep breath. “Look. All I know is that I need to get out of here. I feel like I’m suffocating.” He ran a restless hand through his hair and looked at her. “If I promise not to leave any more marks on you or drag you around by the hair, will you come for a drive with me?” He held out his big hand in invitation, waiting for her response.
Lauren studied him. Not just his astounding good looks but his whole demeanor. He looked desperate to escape but not dangerous. For a fleeting moment, as he’d been practically dragging her across the parking lot, she’d wondered if he was violent or crazy. She could now see that he was neither of those things. He was just a guy who’d just sustained a huge blow to his male pride and now he was trying to remove himself from a bad situation. She could relate to that. Hadn’t she been dreaming of escape from her own circumstances for years? 
She found herself wanting to comfort him again. What was it about this man that made her want to take care of him? She’d had enough of that over the past 10 years and yet when she looked at James all she wanted to do was distract him from whatever was making him so unhappy. And then jump his bones. Repeatedly.
“A drive? You were kidnapping me to take me for a drive? That seems kind of anti-climactic,” she teased.
“You were expecting something else? Like an evening spent in my sex dungeon?” He raised one auburn eyebrow at her in surprise.
She giggled. “Um. No. Definitely not. Pretty sure that wasn’t mentioned when I placed my bid. Though it would explain why so few women were bidding on you.”
He winced. “Ouch. You had to rub that in, didn’t you? Pretty sure I set the record for lowest bid tonight.”
She gave him a sympathetic look. “Maybe. But you were looking a little green up there. That might have impacted your popularity. Next year, hopefully you won’t have food poisoning, and they’ll have to use slow-motion film to capture all the bids.”
 His eyes widened. “Next year. Are you kidding me? You think I’d do this again? What am I? A masochist?”
“Well, you did mention having a sex dungeon, so that’s a very real possibility.”
He actually laughed. It was a wonderful sound: warm, masculine and wildly attractive.
Shaking his head, he looked meaningfully at his outstretched hand. “Are you seriously going to leave me hanging like this? In or out? Just a drive. Nothing weird.”
Lauren looked at his hand and then up into his eyes. He was still smiling and he suddenly looked warm and approachable rather than cold and intimidating. It was hard to believe this was the same man who’d acted like such a belligerent douchebag just a few minutes ago. 
He was achingly beautiful when he wasn’t seething with anger or nauseous with nerves but as much as she enjoyed looking at him she was having trouble keeping up with his intense mood swings. She had no idea how to deal with such extremes in behaviour. Her life was about routine, order and avoiding messy emotions. She had become detached in order to survive in her house. Being around James made her feel almost drunk with all the unfamiliar reactions zipping through her mind and body. She felt dazzled by him and also a little fearful of what might come next. But mostly she was excited at the thought of spending more time in his mercurial presence. 
The smart thing would be to say good night and let him work through his issues on his own. He was obviously having some kind of crisis. The panic attack combined with the barely contained rage at that woman back at the banquet hall didn’t exactly paint a picture of mental stability. Any woman who got involved with a damaged soul like him would have to be interested in a fixer-upper. She wasn’t that person. All she wanted was a simple one-night stand to prove to herself that she could indulge in some fun without becoming self-destructive. Her plan had never involved all this messy drama. Nope. She should definitely pass on taking a drive with him.
She couldn’t let him just leave her here in the parking lot though, could she? Would she ever have an opportunity to be so spontaneous and wild with a gorgeous man like this again? Probably not. 
Suddenly doing the smart thing seemed like a really dumb idea.
“I’m in.” Feeling reckless for the first time in nearly a decade she grabbed his hand and laughed at his surprised expression. 
Lauren ran towards the truck, dragging the usually non-verbal, non-smiling Kingston brother closely behind her, grinning ear-to-ear.
Chapter Three
James had no idea what he was doing.
He looked across the wide truck bench seat at the very attractive woman sitting there with her small hands folded demurely in her lap. She was silently staring out the windshield as he drove aimlessly through the back roads outside Brookhaven, seemingly content to watch the darkness pass by. 
There were no streetlights to illuminate her features but he found himself glancing in her direction almost constantly. Occasionally the beams from an oncoming vehicle would light up her face and he would marvel again at the serenity of her expression. There was something so still and peaceful about her. Even when he’d been about to tear a strip off Serena she had calmed him somehow. He didn’t know how she did it but it was as real and effective as a bucket of cold water on his temper. She made him feel in command of himself again. After tonight’s disastrous experience on stage he needed some semblance of control, no matter how fleeting. That’s all he’d been thinking when he’d asked her to come with him. He’d never considered why she’d agreed. 
Now what was he going to do with her? Making idle conversation was beyond him. They couldn’t just drive around in uncomfortable silence all night, could they? And if they did would this bizarre night count as their date? Oh man. Did she ever get short-changed? She’d bid on him hoping for a romantic evening but all she got was a bruised arm and a tax write-off for her charitable donation. 
This night was exactly why he needed to stick with The Harem. His regulars didn’t expect him to be clever or even nice. All they demanded from him was a hard dick, an inventive mind and the stamina to keep them all satisfied. Fortunately, those things came natural to him. Conversation, however, was painful. Clearly, he was never going to be anyone’s dream date. He was good at exactly two things: building houses and giving women pleasure. Neither of these talents would salvage this night for her. 
Or maybe that wasn’t true. Maybe one of his talents was exactly what she was looking for?
He glanced at her again and cleared his throat. “So, uh, why did you come to the auction anyway?” Inwardly, he winced. Why did every sentence that popped out of his mouth sound vaguely insulting? 
He sensed it as she turned her face in his direction but he kept his gaze firmly straight ahead. He wanted to sound casual, like he was making idle small talk. If she got a good look at his cursedly expressive face then she might suspect he was more invested in her answer than just idle curiosity. The truth was that he was fishing for information, trying to discern if she’d been looking for some action tonight. 
Part of him hated the subterfuge. It was on the tip of his tongue to just say, ‘Listen, I’ve been a prick and I’d really like to make it up to you. If you come back to my place, I’ll spend the rest of the night making you come like a freight train. How does that sound?’ Somehow he doubted the direct approach would win her over. He was, admittedly, a barbarian but even he knew that women usually appreciated a bit more subtlety than that.
She hesitated. “What do you mean?”
“I mean. What did you expect to happen with your date from the auction?”
Her light tinkling laughter rippled through the vehicle. “Well, this wasn’t exactly what I imagined.” 
James felt his face flush but didn’t comment. He just waited for her to continue.
She sighed. “I guess I was hoping for a kind of trial date. I’ve been single for a long time and I was hoping to get my feet wet, so to speak. With someone I probably wouldn’t have to see again in case I made a fool of myself.”
James frowned at that. She seemed so sweet and funny. And her body was the stuff of horny men’s dreams. And that ridiculously adorable face. Why the hell was she single? And for a long time? That couldn’t be right.
He grunted. “Were you a nun or something?”
She laughed again. “Umm. No. Why would you think that?”
He shrugged and felt more heat rise in his cheeks. “Well, the dress, I guess. And being a bride of Christ was the only reason I could think of that you’d be single.”
She went completely silent and then he heard the unmistakeable sound of her seatbelt being unbuckled. He remained focused on the road as she slid across the bench-seat and placed one small hand on his arm. 
“Thank you,” she whispered and pressed incredibly soft lips briefly against his cheek. “That was a lovely thing to say. Well, except for the part about my dress.” He could feel her sweet breath brushing over his face and then her firm breasts sliding against his side as she retreated back to her side of the truck.
He reached for her before she could get too far away. His hand clenched her thigh through the silky material of her dress and he held her in place. “You don’t have to go all the way over there.” He removed his hand, realizing that he’d been too aggressive. “I mean, I’d like it if you stayed right here. Beside me.” 
Damn it. He sounded like such a pussy. Why did he have to talk at all? Couldn’t she just take the hint and climb onto his lap? If he was with any of his harem girls he’d be onto his third of fourth round of sweaty, acrobatic sex. All this chit-chat seemed like a waste of valuable fucking time. 
“Ok.” She stayed put next to him but was still too far away.
Glad for the leather seats, he gently dragged her over a few more inches until she was pressed tightly against him. “There. Like that.” He nodded sharply and left his hand on her thigh this time.
His body seemed to both relax and tighten as he absorbed the way her soft curves molded against him. Relief swept through him when she didn’t move away but her proximity was also causing his body to react in typical male fashion. He wanted her. More than he’d wanted anyone in a long time. The thigh under his palm was warm and he briefly fantasized about sliding his hand up and cupping her between her legs to see if she was even warmer and softer there. Even the heady smell of her fruity shampoo was making him feel light-headed with lust. 
His dick was harder than a granite countertop under the tuxedo pants and he wished for the millionth time that he was charming and smooth, like his brothers. Those smarmy bastards could get away with asking women for exactly what they wanted. If he tried to verbalize what he wanted it would come out wrong: either cheap and sleazy or pathetic and whiny. He couldn’t stand it if he said the wrong thing and repulsed her. She’d seen him at his absolute worst tonight and he didn’t want to add to his lists of faults by sounding like a complete loser. For some odd reason he cared what this woman thought about him and it was causing him to act even more awkward than usual.
So, he sat in misery, tormented by her closeness but needing her there anyway.
Then he felt something quite unexpected. Her hand landed lightly on his thigh and squeezed lightly. He nearly drove the truck into the ditch in surprise. She was touching him. This reserved young woman was actually willing to put her hands on him despite everything she’d seen this evening. For once, he hadn’t ruined things by saying the wrong thing, or worse, nothing at all.
He glanced down at her and realized that up close he could make out most of her features in the light from the dashboard. Her skin was luminously pale and her eyes seemed to sparkle with humour. She was so gut-wrenchingly pretty, smiling shyly up at him. It reminded him of how she’d looked at him up on stage, with so much admiration that he’d momentarily forgotten about his heaving stomach and focused on her. At the auction that look had been an island of calm in a room full of chaos. Now it caused an unfamiliar jolt in his chest that was part attraction and part something else. Like the click of connection, but stronger, more intense and profound.
She wrinkled her pert little nose at him. “I hope you won’t think I’m desperate or anything, but I was secretly hoping for more than a trial date tonight.”
James felt his mouth open in shock. Was he hearing this right or had his fevered imagination just taken over and turned her very innocent statement into a proposition? He needed her to spell out exactly what she meant. For once, he was the one who wanted more conversation. The irony was not lost on him.
He cleared his throat. “I wouldn’t think you were desperate, but maybe you should tell me what you have in mind and I’ll check with the auction committee and see if I can accommodate you.”
She grinned saucily. “I’m pretty sure the auction committee would not approve of what I have in mind.”
He went very still. “And what’s that?”
“Well, like I said, I’ve been single for a long time.” She lowered her gaze and seemed to be staring at her lap. When she spoke again her words came out in a breathless rush. “I was thinking that a one-night stand might be just the thing to get me back in the game. Does that sound like an auction-sanctioned activity for our date? I mean, if you’re interested in something like that. No pressure or anything. We can just keep driving if you prefer.”
James couldn’t believe his luck. She wanted him. Something rankled about the idea that he was ‘one-night stand’ only material, but it was a start. He already suspected that it would take more than one night to satisfy his need for this oddly charming woman but he would keep that knowledge to himself for now. He was going to have the opportunity to show her that he actually did have some positive traits to go along with all the embarrassing qualities he’d been demonstrating since the moment he walked out on stage.
“Pretty sure there’s nothing in the auction rules against us getting to know each other better,” he said thoughtfully. “And I’m definitely interested in helping you get your feet wet.”
“You are?” She gasped. “Seriously?” There was doubt in her tone and her expression was suspicious, as though she thought he was making a joke at her expense.
“If you move your hand up a few inches, you’ll find some very hard evidence. Believe me. Interest is not a problem.” James couldn’t believe the words that were coming out of his mouth. Was he channeling one of his brothers? Verbal foreplay was not usually in his arsenal and yet he found himself grinning confidently down at her.
Unfortunately, she didn’t take him up on his challenge. She kept her hand firmly on his thigh, just above his knee. He thought briefly how it would feel if she had actually slid those delicate fingers up his thigh to where his painfully swollen dick was trying to drill an escape route through his zipper. He nearly closed his eyes as he imagined her squeezing his junk, maybe even lowering his fly and giving him a little skin-on-skin action. For some reason, this image made him so hard he ached. He hadn’t been this turned on in years. He’d experienced just about every position and sexual scenario known to man with his regulars so why was he getting so jacked up over the thought of a hand-job? It must be her. There was something different about her.
She was certainly pretty enough, but the members of The Harem were all extreme knock-outs. In all honesty, if he sat down and compared the physical features of all four women this girl was not in the same league as the other three. But he found her infinitely more attractive than any of them. Was it that air of serenity about her that was driving him wild? That must be it. It was almost impossible to imagine her out of control, which made him want to see her in the throes of passion even more. 
She shook his knee to get his attention. “I haven’t done anything like this before so I’m just wondering, do you want to know my name or did you want to keep this completely anonymous? ‘Cause I’m ok with that, but it might feel a bit more personal if you knew what to call me. At least my first name. Or I could make something up if you prefer.”
Oh shit. He hadn’t even bothered to ask. What the fuck was wrong with him? “Depends. What name were you thinking of giving me? You don’t really seem like an Amber or a Bambi. How about Autumn or Summer?”
“I’m pretty sure those names belong to women much more exciting than me. Women who dance on poles. I’m more of a Mildred. Or maybe a Mabel.”
He shook his head. “Your name is Mildred? If so, then I’m going to have to call you Millie. Can’t imagine shouting Mildred at the critical moment. Talk about a mood-killer.”
She pinched his thigh. “I didn’t say my name is Mildred. I said that name suits me. And it’s a perfectly respectable name.”
He caught her hand and pressed it against his inner thigh to prevent further injury while driving. “It doesn’t suit you at all. Mildred is the name of a spinster-aunt with more cats than friends. You should have a classy, pretty name.”
She gave him a surprised look and turned her hand in his grip until her fingers were threaded with his. “My name is Lauren. Does that qualify?”
He nodded. “That’s perfect. You look like a Lauren. Now, what name would suit me?”
She studied him. “How about Thor?” 
He laughed. Was she serious? She saw him as the God of Thunder? After his performance tonight?  “How about Eugene or Egbert?”
She frowned at him. “No way. Those handles don’t suit you at all. Unless you secretly live in your mom’s basement and play video all day.”
“I wish. I build houses all day and my mom would kick my ass to the curb if I tried to get her to do my laundry, let alone move into her basement. So I guess we’ll have to stick with James. Does that work for you?”
She nodded eagerly. “I like James a lot. But that woman at the country club called you Jimmy Dean. Do you prefer that?”
“Hell. No!” He snapped. It was an innocent question but just the thought of this woman calling him by that hated nickname made him livid. Damn Serena for using it in front of an outsider.
Lauren kept her hand in his but her posture became tense, as if she was bracing herself for more abuse.
He gentled his tone and squeezed her hand reassuringly. “I meant to say, no, I’d really prefer if you called me J-J-James.” Damn it, had he just stuttered? He prayed she wouldn’t notice. He babbled on in an effort to distract her from his embarrassing slip. “Serena just calls me that when she’s trying to be annoying. Which is a real talent of hers.”
Her body seemed to relax a few degrees. “She’s really pretty. Is she your girlfriend?”
He nearly choked. “Are you kidding? No way. She’s my cousin. My interfering, pushy, irritating cousin. And would I be driving you to my house if I had a girlfriend?”
“Just checking. And is that where we’re going? To your house?”
“We’re actually here.” He turned the truck into the long driveway and watched her face as the huge white house came into view.
“This is yours?” She asked, her eyes lighting up at the sight of the massive residence among the trees.
James couldn`t blame her for being impressed. That was partly why he`d brought her out to the middle of nowhere. He wanted her to see him as successful and this elephant of a house certainly screamed that he had deep pockets. It was pathetic but he actually hoped she was a gold-digger. If she was after his money then at least he`d get to spend some time with her and maybe she`d overlook his lack of charm if she thought she might profit from the arrangement. 
He`d actually invested most of his liquid assets in his new solo business venture so his savings account was looking pretty emaciated right now. The only reason he`d been able to afford this house was because Jack had been eager to unload the monstrosity. His brother had claimed that the house held too many bad memories of his ex-wife and their unhappy marriage.
James had recently moved into the small cottage Jack had built at the back of the property rather than the house. He`d spent a few nights in the grand master suite of the larger residence, thinking he`d love the peace and solitude, but the place actually creeped him out. It was too big and too white. It had felt like he was living in a hospital all by himself. A haunted hospital where people had died horrible, painful deaths and still wandered the halls…
Not that he was scared or anything. Hell no. But he’d had the vague feeling of not being alone a couple of times. That was enough incentive to convince him to move into the nearby cottage instead. Now he was slowly working on renovating the house and making it seem more like a family home rather than an abandoned asylum. He`d never thought he`d use this mausoleum of a house to impress a girl, but here he was, hoping to see greed on Lauren’s face when she registered the size of the place. 
Man, how low he`d sunk. The Harem didn’t even know about this place and yet with Lauren he was willing to use it as bait. Sad.
He switched off the ignition and turned towards her. “Yep. It’s mine.” He brushed a stray strand of silky dark hair off her forehead. “Listen. Is it okay that we came here? I mean, if you’re uncomfortable being alone out here with me, we can go back to town. But I thought you might like to see where I live.” How lame. He’d gone from non-verbal to babbling in less than an hour. And why had he emphasized that she was alone in the woods with him? She probably thought he was a serial killer now. God. Why couldn’t they just get to the bedroom and leave all this conversation behind?
“No. It’s okay. I feel safe here with you.” She nudged him with her shoulder. “Besides, your family is pretty well-known. If you were a psycho, I’m sure the news would have spread all over town. People do love to talk about you and your brothers.”
He raised his eyebrow at this comment. “And what do ‘people’ say about us?” Damn it. He sincerely hoped The Harem wasn`t common knowledge. 
“Well, your hotness is, of course, legendary.” He rolled his eyes at this statement. “But everyone knows about your brother Jack and his wife’s tragic death. Then there’s your younger brother. The one who left the family business to become a cop in Seattle. Oh, yeah. And I guess the Serena from the country club is the same one that’s dating that gorgeous football-player, Mark Goldsworthy?”
James gritted his teeth. Gorgeous? Mark? Why the hell did the thought of this woman admiring Serena’s long-haired, muscle-bound boyfriend make him want to punch the guy in the neck? “Ex-football player. He works for Kingston Brothers now.” He couldn’t help pointing out. “What else have you heard?”
She gave him an impish grin. “Not telling. Now, can we go check out your place?”
He stuck his car keys in his pocket. “Fair enough. But be warned. I don’t actually have much furniture yet. Like basically none. You’ll see why in a minute.”
Lauren rolled her eyes. “Let me guess. Just a giant screen TV, an EZ chair and a beer fridge?”
“How did you guess?”
“Seriously?” Her eyes went wide with disappointment. “You’ve turned this beautiful mansion into a giant man-cave?”
James chuckled. “I’m kidding. No television. No EZ chair. There is beer in the fridge though. So you got that part right.”
“Whew. So it’s not off limits to females then? I thought I was going to have to check my ovaries at the door.”
He cupped her chin and turned her face towards him. “I like your lady parts exactly where they are, so we can’t have that.” With infinite slowness, he lowered his lips until they hovered just above hers. He waited with his heart in his throat to see if she would move away, but she just sat there, completely still and watching him with that maddeningly calm look on her face. 
He almost lost his nerve, but then he noticed a faint tremble to her bottom lip. She bit down on that soft curve for a moment as if to punish it for betraying her excitement. That’s all the reaction he needed. He touched his bottom lip to her top one and pressed gently. Just a soft nudge to test her response to being kissed by a complete stranger. At least that had been his intention, but the moment his lips brushed hers he stopped thinking. His body took over and he found himself overwhelmed by the unbelievable sweetness of her warm mouth.
Before he knew what was happening, both his hands were buried in her hair and he was holding her head steady so he could plunder that delicious mouth of hers with nearly brutal passion. He half-expected her to slap him or push him away in disgust but instead she returned his kiss with real enthusiasm, opening her mouth wide to receive his thrusting tongue.
She actually whimpered when he pulled back. That sound nearly had him yanking her onto his lap but he stopped himself before he gave in to his rougher impulses. He planned to spend the rest of the night impressing her with his bedroom skills and for that he needed an actual bed. And that was exactly where he planned to take her, just as soon as he could tear himself away from her addictive lips. 
Chapter Four
One moment Lauren was being kissed with a savage intensity that had each and every one of her erogenous zones tingling and clamoring for more. The next she was alone in the truck cab listening to her heart pound in her chest as James slipped out the driver side door with a cheeky grin. She watched, mesmerized, as he circled the truck, staring intently at her through the windshield with a look that said he was going to do very naughty things to her just as soon as he got his hands on her. 
In her eagerness to have those very big and talented hands on her long-neglected bathing suit areas, she scrambled across the seat to meet him.
When she reached the opposite side of the truck she took a deep breath and eased the door open. The overhead light came on and she had to blink against the glare. In a flash, James was there, standing in the space between the door and the seat, looming over her. His big, warm body pressed into her side and she moaned as his hot breath fluttered against her neck. Leaning down he pushed her hair back from her throat and trailed his open mouth along her collar bone. That simple touch sent her long-denied body into overdrive. Electricity flicked along the tips of her breasts and deep between her thighs, making her whimper and cross her legs in reaction.
Blindly reaching for him she tugged on the lapels of his tux until he was mashed up against her even tighter. She could feel his hardness pressing into her hip. He was huge, hot, and demanding against her. The sensation made her feel feminine and powerful. A sensation she remembered from long ago. She excited him, despite her plain face and boring personality. It hardly seemed possible that someone like her was capable of inspiring lust in a man this gorgeous and sexy but his desire for her was undeniable.
The overhead light winked out but the moon had come skidding out from behind some clouds. Its pale light streamed through the windshield just bright enough that she could make out his face. The sour expression he’d exhibited during the auction was gone and was replaced by the harsh look of a man deeply in the throes of lust. His handsome features were drawn tight as he watched and waited for her to indicate what she wanted to happen next.
Reaching up, she trailed her hand over his sharp cheekbone and then touched his full lower lip with her thumb. It was feather soft and warm against her skin. She felt the nip of his teeth against the pad of her finger and then he was slowly lowering his face to hers as his own fingers lifted her chin to meet his questing lips.
Her hands quite naturally found the back of his neck and tangled in the silk of his russet hair as he touched his mouth to hers and kissed her gently and sweetly, with just a hint of tongue flicking against the upper bow of her lips.
Gentle was not what she needed from him. She wanted him to be wild for her. Tonight was not about being polite, making a love connection or even finding out if they were sexually compatible or not. She really didn`t care about any of those things. All that mattered to her was her own needs. Just this once, she wanted to let go of her responsible persona and allow this gorgeous man to pleasure her. Then he could just go away - build a house or marry a supermodel or whatever god-like men like him did with their lives. But right now he was all hers and she would have her one night of behaving very, very badly. 
Knowing her history, she was fairly certain that anything more than these few selfish hours would be the start of another downward spiral into self-destruction. She`d taken that path before and the results had been disastrous. She would not allow herself to submerge herself in that lifestyle again. No matter how much she longed for the oblivion of alcohol, drugs and anonymous sex, this interlude with James was an isolated event, not a pattern of behaviour. No matter how much she liked the way he smelled or the feel of his tongue in her mouth or even the hard ridge of his penis pressing insistently into her outer thigh. He was just a means of testing her ability to stay in control and a distraction from her grim reality. She couldn’t trust herself with anything beyond tonight. Feeling anything for him beyond lust was not possible, no matter how much he fascinated her.
In an attempt to inspire some raw animal need in him, Lauren bit down on his bottom lip hard enough to make him growl. Instead of pulling away, he returned her nip with a nibble and a soothing sweep of his nimble tongue.
She grazed the back of his neck with the fingernails of one hand, deep enough to leave a mark but he didn’t object or even seem to notice. He just kept kissing her with infinite patience and skill. She felt herself melting under his lips, kissing him back softly and sweetly, despite her best intentions to make this a primitive and brutal mating of mouths. She just couldn’t resist the sensuality of his approach. She’d never experienced anything like it. He kissed her like it was all he wanted from her. Even though his body felt tight with unreleased tension, he still made her feel like he derived the ultimate pleasure from just kissing her. How did he do that? And why was he doing it to her?
So caught up in his mouth it barely registered when he burrowed one hand under her knees and the other along her back and began lifting her out of the truck. 
“What are you doing?” She squeaked, tearing her mouth away from his.
He paused. “Don’t you want to check out the house?”
“Maybe later. Right now, I’d really like it if you kept kissing me.”
He furrowed his brow at her. “You want to stay here? In the truck?”
She felt her heat rush to her cheeks but hoped he wouldn’t be able to see her flaming face in the dim light. “Yes. I don’t want to wait. Is that ok?”
He laughed. “Are you kidding me? That`s fucking fantastic. The bed is way upstairs. There was no way I was going to make it that far. I was hoping for the porch, at best. But we can hit that later.”
“Later?” She asked as he set her back on the truck seat. This time she was facing sideways with her legs dangling out the open door. James stood with his rippling abdomen muscles pressed against her knees. She desperately wanted him to step between her legs and press his hard length against her damp core but the skirt of her dress wouldn’t allow her to spread her legs that far so she was forced to keep her knees demurely closed.
“Absolutely.” As if reading her mind, James began gathering the material of her dress in his hands. The hem slid sensuously against her calves as he raised her skirt until her knees were showing. “There are twenty rooms in that house. I haven’t done anything remotely interesting in any of them, at least not with another person. I was wondering if maybe you’d like to help me explore at least a few of them tonight?”
Was he serious? She imagined row upon row of rooms, each of them waiting to be filled with their grunts and moans as they tried out a new sexual position in each. The thought caused a surge of moisture between her thighs. She could actually live out every single fantasy she`d ever had in one night. Afterward, she`d never have to see him again so she could act as depraved as she wanted without having to worry about the awkward aftermath. It was perfect. He was perfect. Then why was she hesitating? 
She would be a fool to pass up this opportunity but if she really let herself go to that dark place there was no possibility that she would be able to face him again. She had a wild side that hadn’t been let loose in many years. She strongly suspected that if she allowed herself to lose her inhibitions this man would be shocked and probably appalled at her behaviour. His family was known to be respectable, hard-working and conservative. His brother was a cop. If James saw the real her or found out about her past he would surely never want to see her again and a very small, but stubbornly romantic part of her didn’t want to close the door entirely on the idea of sharing more than one night with him
Even if she could control herself and keep her kinkier tendencies under wraps a relationship of any kind was not in her near future. She had obligations and responsibilities at home that made it impossible for her to do as she pleased. She wasn’t free like other single women her age and her situation wasn’t likely to change anytime soon. So she’d have to be content with just this one night and pack a lot of living into the next few hours.
She smoothed her hands up the front of his snowy white shirt and raised her eyebrows in what she hoped was a sultry manner. “Twenty rooms might put one or both of us in traction. How about three?”
He made a scoffing sound and inched her skirt up another few inches. “Three? That hardly seems like a challenge. How about five? Plus, the porch?”
She shook her head and gave him a stony stare. “But that’s seven in total if you include the truck. No way. The rug burns alone make that goal a deal-breaker. How about three, including the porch and the truck?”
He placed both palms on the inside of her knees and parted her legs. When she was spread wide open he stepped between her thighs. “You drive a hard bargain. Very hard.” He nudged forward until his firm erection was pressed against the apex of her thighs. “Three it is. Unless you beg me for more.”
“Cocky, aren’t you?”
He glanced downward at his tented zipper. “You could say that.”
She giggled and gently tugged on the lapels of his tuxedo jacket until he was within kissing distance. He was so tall he had to duck his head to fit inside the cab of the large truck but the slight discomfort didn’t seem to bother him as he swooped in and took her mouth in another panty-melting kiss.
Lauren felt his large palm slide up her rib cage until he was cupping her breast through her dress. He lifted and kneaded the sensitive mound until she felt like purring. It had been so long since anyone had touched her like this. She had forgotten how good a man’s rough hands could feel on her body. When he brushed the crest of her breast with one callused finger she arched her back, hoping to encourage him to continue tormenting her nipple, but instead he removed his hand entirely. She very nearly screamed with frustration.
He was too intent on finding the zipper of her dress to even notice her disappointment. The high-neck of her gown suddenly gapped open as he tugged the zipper slowly down her back. She shivered as he trailed his hand up her spine, tracing every vertebrae, every dip and curve along the way. When he reached the nape of her neck he wrapped her long hair around his hand and gave it a gentle tug. 
To her shock, that hint of rough treatment had her nearly panting in reaction. Her hips surged forward, seeking some relief from the suddenly unbearable pressure between her legs. She found herself moving restlessly against him, needing him to do something, anything really, to take away the hot need suddenly rushing through her body. 
James, however, was in complete control of himself. At least that’s how it appeared.
He released her hair from his grasp and let it slowly fall from his hand, seeming to enjoy the way the silky strands felt sliding between his fingers. It tickled her naked back and shoulders as James slid her gown down her arms, revealing her plain white bra. 
She felt a bit embarrassed at her choice in underwear. He was probably used to seeing women in frothy lingerie and yet he didn’t seem to mind her nun-worthy choice in undergarments. In fact the way he licked his lips as he stared down at her chest seemed to indicate some pretty enthusiastic wardrobe approval.  
“Lean back,” he commanded hoarsely. “I want to see you stretched out on the seat with your pretty tits pointing at the sky.”
Pretty tits? That should have sounded obnoxious but instead she found herself preening at the idea of him thinking any part of her was pretty. She usually dressed to camouflage the size of her breasts but tonight she actually felt proud of her lush body instead of self-conscious. 
Keeping her eyes locked with his, Lauren slowly lowered her upper body until she was reclining on the cool leather seat with her legs spread wide and her feet resting on the door ledge below the seat. His eyes flared with interest as she extended her arms in a graceful arch until they were also stretched out on the seat above her head. The action lifted her full breasts until they were practically falling out the top of her ill-fitting bra.
“Like this?” She asked, tightening her thighs around his hips. Oh my. She could really feel him now. James had pushed the skirt of her gown all the way up her legs. Only her granny panties and the straining zipper of his tuxedo pants separated her embarrassingly slick core from his massive erection. He pushed that hard bulge against her and the friction nearly made her cry out in delight. How could something so simple feel so perfect? 
She rolled her hips, sliding herself along his length as he thrust against her, harder this time. 
“Yeah. Just like that,” James muttered, his voice raspy with desire. He leaned down, curling his long body over hers and licked a trail down her chest to her deep cleavage. With some awkwardness, he released the front closure of her bra and her breasts spilled into his waiting hands.
He cupped both soft mounds and squeezed them together, growling something against her chest that sounded like, “These are fucking amazing.”  
With just the center of his palms he made little circles against the tips of her breasts until her nipples were hard little aching points. His face remained buried between and Lauren could feel his hot breath on her sensitive skin as he dragged his teeth along the underside of one breast and then the other.
She had difficulty stifling a moan as one work-roughened hand began a slow and sensual journey down her ribcage towards where their lower bodies flexed and strained against each other in a sensual rippling motion that was slowly driving her insane. Her panties were drenched and she felt empty and desperate as he rubbed himself shamelessly against her.
His hot mouth closed over one nipple and she lost her battle to be quiet. A husky whimper escaped her lips as his fingers brushed her navel and then breached the gaping elastic of her high-waisted panties. 
He slid his fingers down until the heel of his hand was pressing into her pubic bone and his thumb rested along the crease of one thigh. He cupped her mound and began rubbing her rhythmically between her legs as he shifted the prominent ridge in his pants to the side where it pressed insistently against her inner thigh.
When he parted her slippery folds and then circled the tiny bundle of nerves buried between her legs she stopped breathing entirely and raised herself up on her elbows. “James,” she gasped. “Please. I can’t wait anymore. Do you have a condom?”
Without removing his talented fingers from between her legs he lifted his head, reached into his pants pocket with his other hand and tossed his wallet onto her stomach. “Can you look for it? I’m kind of busy.” Then he grinned up at her as he lowered his head again. His lips brushed one hipbone as his hot breath feathered over her damp panties.
Scrambling in his wallet she was somehow able to find the foil packet in one of the compartments. She pushed it impatiently at his shoulder as his tongue licked along her inner thigh. “Here. Please. C’mon.”
“Impatient little thing, aren’t you?” Hot puffs of air tormented her sensitive flesh as he chuckled against her. “You know that just makes me want to go slower.”
She dropped his wallet to the floor and collapsed back against the seat. Throwing an arm over her eyes she made an exasperated sound. “You’re just mean. If you knew how long I’ve been waiting for this you wouldn’t be torturing me like this.” 
Oh God. Had her voice nearly broke? How desperate did she sound? She might as well just beg him to screw her like some sex-starved spinster. But then he was probably used to women throwing themselves at him. That thought just added to her annoyance and she made another impatient grunt of irritation.
She felt him shift his weight above her and then heard his soft laughter next to her ear. “I’m not mean.” He tugged her arm away from her eyes but she kept her lids firmly closed. “Lauren. C’mon. I was just playing with you.” 
She stubbornly turned her face to the side.
James kissed her cheek. “I just couldn’t help myself. I’ve been thinking all night how much I’d like to see you out of control. Now that I’ve got you there, that’s where I want to keep you. For as long as possible. You’re sexy as hell when you’re turned on.” He nuzzled the side of her neck. “So I’m selfish. Not mean. There’s a big difference.”
She turned her face back towards him and opened her eyes. She could make out the half-grin on his face as he smoothed her hair back from her forehead. “Why did you want to see me out of control so badly?”
He shrugged one massive shoulder. “I guess because you seem so calm and cool.”
She gave him and incredulous look. “Me? Cool? You have got to be kidding. I’m a huge nerd.”
“Not that kind of cool.” He stared down into her eyes, his weight resting on his arms as he held himself above her. “You just seem unflappable. I wanted to see if there was more going on beneath the surface.”
“So this was about proving something?” She asked, hurt and disappointed making her voice shrill. “I was some kind of experiment?” Suddenly needing to escape, she pushed at his chest but his big body was immoveable. “I should have known,” she muttered to herself.
He made his own exasperated sound but didn’t budge. “No. It wasn’t like that. Not at all.” She gave him a doubtful look and tried to wiggle out from beneath him but he held her effortlessly. “Listen, tonight you saw me nearly hurl on stage, have an embarrassing argument with my cousin, and then as a finale, I acted like a complete jerk in the parking lot. I was trying to even things out between us, show you that I wasn’t a complete waste of your time. Yes, I wanted to see you lose control but mostly I just wanted to be with you.”
She stopped struggling and went still, staring up at him in disbelief. “You thought you were a waste of my time? Are there no mirrors in that giant white house of yours? Because you are waaaayyy too hot to be this modest. If you’re wearing contacts, you may want to consider a stronger prescription.”
He chuckled. “See. You’re funny and clever. I’m… well. Not.”
Unable to help herself, she reached up and cupped his cheek with her hand. “James, I do not think you’re a waste of time. I don’t think that about anyone. Especially you. Would I have doled out a big chunk of my savings to spend an evening driving around in your truck if I felt that way?” She gave him a teasing smile.
He sighed. “That was before you got to know me. When you bid on me you were probably thinking I was like my brothers.”
She furrowed her brow at him in confusion. “And aren’t you? Like your brothers?”
He shook his head and a lock of hair fell forward over his eyes. He whipped it back impatiently. “Hell. No. I’m not like them at all. They always know what to say and what to do. You`d never catch them puking themselves green over getting on stage like that.” He hung his head. “Those assholes have their shit together.” 
Lauren stared up at his handsome face. Was he really this insecure? It didn’t seem possible. When she looked at him all she saw was the perfect features and the incredible physique. How could he feel he was less worthwhile than his brothers? 
He started to ease his body away from hers but she stopped him with one hand on his chest. 
“Come here,” she whispered and gently pulled on his collar to encourage him to lower his big body on top of hers. 
He hesitated, clearly embarrassed at his outburst about his brothers. 
“It’s ok. Come on,” Lauren said, using the soft tone of voice she always employed when her dad was having one of his episodes. Come to think of it, she used the identical tone during thunderstorms when her cat, Brutus, started freaking out. It never failed to relax the two men in her life. She fervently hoped it would work just as well with James. 
She nearly crowed in triumph when James closed his eyes and slowly sank down onto his elbows until their bodies were aligned and his face was buried in her hair. 
Lauren wrapped her arms around his shoulders and pressed a gentle kiss against his temple. It was a comforting gesture, not a sexual one but she still felt a small tingle as her naked breasts were squashed against his hard chest. She ignored her body’s enthusiastic reaction to his close proximity and wracked her brain for something clever to say to distract him from his obvious resentment towards his family and embarrassment over his panic attack. Drama was slowly killing her one-night stand and she needed to get it back on track. She had to stop letting her emotions get the best of her. This was about her deprived libido, not her heart. 
 “I think you’re giving your brothers entirely too much credit.” She raked a hand through the back of his hair, marvelling at its soft texture and wondering idly what kind of conditioner he used to make it feel so silky. “Any sane person looking down at all those frozen faces would have been terrified. Honest to God, I’ve never seen so much Botox in my entire life. Practically everyone in that room looked like The Joker.”
James chuckled against her neck. “Nice try but unfortunately, I’m a hot mess in front of large groups of people. And strangers. Oh yeah. And women, in general.”
She nearly laughed. He had to be joking. A man like him should be completely at ease around people, especially women. They’d probably been fawning all over him his whole blessed life. She must have misunderstood. “Women? What do you mean?”
“I mean, I usually freeze up around them. The attractive ones anyway. I’m usually ok if they’re senior citizens.”
 Lauren gaped up at the ceiling of the truck. Did that mean he only dated old ladies? She really couldn’t imagine his fine ass cruising the nursing homes, so what was the alternative? He didn’t date at all? No freaking way. 
Lauren cleared her throat. “Um. Are you saying you’re a virgin?” She asked quietly.
He made a choking sound. “Jesus. No. Of course not. Why would you think that?” He reared up on his arms and glared down at her, clearly appalled at her suggestion.
She shrugged. “You just said you were a mess in front of women.”
“I meant that I have trouble forming a coherent sentence around them. Not that I can’t function sexually around them.” He shook his head in disgust. “Jesus. Talk about kneeing a guy in the crotch when he’s down.”
“Fine.” She muttered with a slight eye roll. “I didn’t mean to insult your masculinity or anything.” She patted his chest and he relaxed against her again. His pelvis ground against her as he shifted positions and she had to bite her lip to avoid a little cry of disappointment when he stopped squirming around. 
God. Why couldn’t she stop talking and just grab him. He was so intensely grab-worthy, but her curiosity just wouldn’t allow her to let this whole non-verbal dating concept go. “So how do you get to, you know, have sex with women if you can’t talk to them. Do you just grunt and point to your crotch, or what?”
He sighed. “Can we just forget I brought this up? And get back to the part where you thought I was mean. ‘Cause I think I liked that way better than you thinking I’m a pathetic loser.”
“I don’t think that, but I do want to understand how you approach women if you’re as socially awkward as you say.”
“I don’t approach them.”
“How is that possible?”
He mumbled something into her neck.
“What was that?” 
James reluctantly repeated himself. “I said, ‘They approach me.’ I’ve never chatted up a woman in my life.”
“You’re kidding me. Women just throw themselves at you? You don’t even have to talk?”
Another long-suffering sigh against her neck. “What can I say? Women don’t come to me looking for great conversation.” He said these words casually, but there was some underlying bitterness in his tone that made Lauren realize exactly how hurt and used he must feel. Any other guy in the world would trade places with him in a heart-beat but in reality they probably wouldn’t like it if no one gave a damn about what was going on above their belt-buckle. Or would they? Men were strange creatures. 
Obviously these women James had been with were too preoccupied with his beauty to give a thought to the actual person. But could she blame them? Hadn’t she done the exact same thing? She hadn’t bid on his personality or his soul tonight. She’d been mesmerized by his looks, just like every women he’d been with in his whole lonely life.
“Hold on.” She tugged on his hair to get his attention. “But you’ve been talking to me for most of the night. And I’m not sixty. Does that mean you don’t find me attractive?” 
He nudged her with his erection. “Lauren. Seriously? Does that feel like I’m not attracted to you?”
“But you said you could only talk to the aged and unattractive. I’m not a wrinkle-farm so that means you find me undesirable.”
 He leaned down and kissed her nose. “I think you’re adorable and sexy and funny. So that’s not it. Yes, I’ve been talking to you, but look how badly that turned out. We could have been heading to round two on the porch by now but I had to open my stupid mouth and try to explain myself.” He shook his head in disgust. “I should really just stick to grunting.” He raised himself back up on his arms and began to shift off of her.
“Wait. Where are you going now?” She had the impulse to cling to his neck to keep him on top of her, but didn’t want to seem desperate so she let her hands trail along his really impressive shoulders as he pulled away from her instead.
His face was blank as he responded. “I’m going to drive you home.” He curled his long body away from her and she immediately missed his solid weight nearly flattening her into the seat. 
“What? Why? What about round one?”
He stared down at her with his hands on his narrow hips. “You can’t seriously be interested in doing this now. I just turned into a total chick and bared my soul. I’m pretty sure my dick is going to be repossessed after tonight. Not exactly what you were looking for tonight.”
She suddenly didn’t care if she seemed desperate anymore. She knew what she wanted and that was him. All the other stuff didn’t really matter that much compared to connecting with him on some level, even if it was only a sexual one. When she thought about how it would feel to be driven home in silence and dropped off at her door, never to see him again, it became crystal clear that ending this now was not a possibility for her. 
At the back of her mind she was very aware that she would have to face the repercussions of her actions later. Her father would make her suffer for abandoning him tonight, of that she had no doubt. So she needed her sacrifice to mean something, if only to make the punishment worthwhile. It seemed like a steep price for a few moments of pleasure but she was willing to pay it as long as she had some good memories of this night, rather than yet another regret to add to her long list.
“If you’re a chick, then I must be a lesbian because I still want you. In fact, I want you more because you were honest and open with me instead of acting like some unfeeling, uber-macho, grunting jerk.” She sat up and reached for the top button of his shirt. She popped it open with a flourish and moved onto the next one as he stared at her in surprise. 
And complete and utter lust.
Chapter Five
“Are you sure about this?” James asked, trying not to stare at the truly magnificent breasts just inches away from his face.
When she nodded eagerly and began tugging the tail of his shirt from his waistband, James quickly stood up and began shrugging out of his sleeves while scrambling on the floor for the condom packet he’d dropped earlier with one hand. 
His movements were awkward and frenzied but he didn’t give a damn. He was usually pretty smooth once the clothes started coming off but not tonight. Fortunately for him, the girl beneath him didn’t even notice his clumsy attempt to escape his own shirt, which seemed to have grown tentacles. She was too busy running her hands over his naked torso to even notice his struggle. All his days and nights lifting lumber and pounding nails seemed entirely worth it to see the look of naked admiration on her face as she traced each and every one of his stomach muscles as if wanting to memorize them with her fingertips.
When he finally ripped the stubborn garment from his shoulders he grinned in triumph before throwing it across the truck where it smacked loudly against the driver-side window. Lauren giggled and pulled him down to her again. He felt both her arms and her legs wrap tightly around him as her mouth found his and she kissed him, gently at first but then with some real aggression that made his dick twitch and jump between them in appreciation. 
God, he loved it when she tried to take control. It made him want to spend the rest of the night showing her exactly who was in charge, and it certainly wasn’t this dark-haired little minx who was so reserved on the outside but was actually pretty damn freaky once you got past that serene veneer.
He also loved the fact that she didn’t seem disgusted by how much he’d revealed about himself earlier. He didn’t know much about the fairer sex but one thing he was pretty certain about was that no woman wanted a whiner and he had definitely taken a ride on the wussy-train tonight. He never talked about his little verbal constipation problem with anyone, not even his family and yet with her he’d gone ahead and shared, not just his problem talking to women, which was bad enough, but he’d also gone ahead and revealed his resentment towards his brothers. What had he been thinking? 
His thoughts were interrupted by her small hand inching its way down his stomach towards his aching cock. Jeez. If she even brushed her hand over his straining fly he was going to embarrass himself, big-time. He was already desperate to come. Being a gentleman sucked but he always ensured his partner was satisfied before he got his turn. He took pride in this one small consideration to all the women who’d used him in the past and he wasn’t going to turn into a selfish lover now, not when it actually mattered.
Whoah. What? 
He was obviously having some kind of psychotic break. This woman couldn’t matter to him. They’d just met. She wasn’t his type at all. He just felt bad that she’d wasted her money bidding on him so was obviously confusing guilt with something more. He was just trying to make it up to her, that’s all. Nothing more than that. Once he’d rocked her world a few times he could drop her off and feel good about how they’d ended things. Then he could move on to someone who hadn’t seen him nearly blow chunks on stage. Or just stick with The Harem. They didn`t confuse him or demand anything from him. He could do worse than unlimited sex with three beautiful women. Then why did the thought of them kind of disgust him now? Maybe because next to Lauren, they seemed cheap, easy and fake.
That was ridiculous. He didn’t even know her last name or a single thing about her. Well, besides the fact that she smelled like strawberries and really seemed to like kissing. She was acting like his mouth was made from the last piece of chocolate on the planet and she wanted to savour every lick and nibble of the delectable treat.
Not that he was complaining. Kissing Lauren was amazing. She was so focused and responsive, he felt like she was totally present with him, just enjoying the moment instead of expecting him to perform like some kind of porn star. He was shocked to find that she seemed to be enjoying herself immensely even though he wasn’t doing anything other than returning her kisses. Unlike some of his other partners who seemed to have Sexual Attention Deficit Disorder, she wasn’t constantly changing positions every five seconds or screaming obscenities or trying to display her body from the most flattering angle. Even weirder, she didn’t need any toys or pain or games to stay interested. All she needed was him and for James that was a complete novelty.
He was surrounded by her sweet-smelling flesh. It should have felt claustrophobic to have her wrapped so tightly around him but he had no impulse to pull away from her. Usually missionary position was too intimate for him but with her it seemed right, especially considering the amazing view it afforded of her large, rounded breasts with the impossibly pale, pink nipples.
He kissed his way down her neck until his face was buried between those superb tits. He could feel one of her small hands tangled in his hair as the other toyed with the button on his pants. Her ankles were locked in the small of his back and she was pushing her mound rhythmically against the hard bulge behind his zipper. He could feel her wet heat sliding against him and it took every single bit of restraint he had in him not to yank open his fly and sink into her in one violent, yet satisfying, thrust.
He began calculating room dimensions in his head to avoid disaster. He hadn`t used this technique since he was a kid but he called on it now and it nearly worked. Until she slid her silky fingers into his pants and squeezed the head of his cock. That was all it took to nearly send him over the edge. Again.
He froze as her hand closed around his shaft and slowly slid down his aching length. Dammit. That felt so good his eyes nearly rolled back in his head. He definitely couldn’t take much of that, so he reached down and gently tugged her hand away from his crotch and raised it over her head, pressing her knuckles into the seat. 
“Did you not like that?” She asked, looking up at him with hurt eyes. 
He gritted his teeth and shook his head. “I liked it. Too much.” 
An expression of glee spread over her face. She grinned up at him. “Seriously? That’s fantastic.”
He rolled his eyes. “You wouldn’t think it was so fantastic if you were the one about to embarrass yourself for the second time tonight.” 
She smoothed his hair back from his forehead with her free hand and gave him a look that was full of tenderness and trust. “I’m going to take that as the ultimate compliment. So thank you.” 
If she kept looking at him like that he was going to do something really foolish, like beg her to stay with him. Forever. But he couldn’t do that. He’d sound insane. As usual, no clever words came to mind. For about the millionth time in his life, James didn’t know what to say, so he leaned down and kissed the rosy tip of one breast instead.
Lauren’s free hand tightened in his hair, holding his mouth to her breast with surprising strength. He sucked hard on her nipple, drawing it deep into his mouth as he reached down and pushed his pants down his hips. His aching dick was suddenly blessedly free and he nearly hissed as the cool evening air hit his sensitized flesh. 
He grasped his cock tightly in his fist. It felt huge and hot in his hand. He stroked himself slowly as he feasted on her breasts.
“James. Please. Now.” He heard Lauren cry as she arched her back, pushing her breast deeper into his mouth. 
Unable to wait another second, James reared back and stood between her spread legs. He let go of her hand and grabbed the condom from the seat above her head. He ripped the foil open with his teeth and clumsily slid the latex down his length, hoping and praying that he wouldn’t rip it in his impatience. 
 When the condom was situated he reached down to cup her pussy with his hand. She was incredibly wet and hot against his fingers as he tugged her panties to the side and guided himself towards her center.
He hesitated, watching her face as he ran the head of his cock along her slit. She was biting her lip and her eyes were tightly closed. Both of her arms were now thrown over her head in complete abandon. She looked utterly beautiful as she waited for him to fill her with his cock.
He circled her entrance once, twice and then plunged forward, smoothly embedding himself in her pussy just a few inches. He grasped her hips with both hands to hold her in place as he pushed in a little further. It felt incredible. Better than anything he’d ever experienced. His cock throbbed with pleasure as her inner muscles flexed around him, the sensation so tight it bordered on pain. But then she relaxed around him and he was able to thrust forward until he was buried to the hilt in her hot flesh.
Her eyes flew open as he pulled back and then pushed forward again, this time with a bit more power. Her slick walls seemed to cling to him as he thrust in and then out, gradually gaining speed.
“Christ, Yes,” he groaned as she started pumping her hips in time with his thrusts. 
The sounds of their sighs and grunts filled the truck as he lost himself in the magic of her exquisite body. Her breasts jiggled with the power of his thrusts as he pounded into her, harder and faster. Leaning down, he dragged his teeth across one of her hard, pink nipples, and then closed his lips around it and sucked just as his fingers found the nub between her legs. 
He massaged her clit as he circled his hips, grinding himself deep, praying she would come soon so he could finally let loose the beast of an orgasm he felt licking along his balls.
He released her nipple from his mouth as he reached back and raised her legs until they were high up on his back, changing the angle of his penetration so the base of his erection ground against her clit with every single thrust. 
He concentrated on stimulating her little button until finally, she squirmed against him and made a sharp keening sound that made him feel like a god among men as her body convulsed around him.
“Yes. Oh. Oh yes,” she cried as she grabbed onto his shoulders and dug in her nails.
The pain didn’t even register as he altered his rhythm to the short, shallow thrusts that quickly triggered the most powerful orgasm of his entire life. His roar of pleasure filled the truck as his hips bucked and his hands clutched at her hips much too tightly, riding out the pleasure that seemed to go on much longer than he would have ever believed possible.
*****
An annoying beeping sound intruded on his afterglow.
After his body had stopped jerking and quivering like he’d been electrocuted James had collapsed on top of Lauren in a boneless heap. She’d wrapped her arms around him and her soft breathing in his ear had been so soothing he’d decided to rest for a minute before carrying her to the porch and having another go at re-creating the sexual miracle that had just happened on the seat of his truck. 
But then the beeping had started and Lauren`s body had tensed beneath him, which kind of ruined his lazy contemplation of how he was going to bend her over the porch-rail and make her cry out his name next time instead of that cute little screech.
“James. That’s my phone. I have to get that. Can you hand me my purse?” Her voice was oddly dry and passionless as she pushed at his shoulder to be let up, like she’d been half-expecting this interruption.
He immediately stood up, gently disengaged his sated penis from her awe-inspiring body and handed her the small purse that had fallen on the passenger-side floor. His legs tried to give out on him but he grabbed the door handle to steady himself before he crashed to the ground like a bag of wet cement. Man, what had she done to him? He’d come so hard he still felt light-headed. He carefully tucked himself back into his pants and moved a discreet distance away as Lauren talked quietly into her cell phone with her face averted.
He usually wouldn’t be caught dead eavesdropping on someone’s private conversation. Mostly because he really didn’t give a damn about what was going on in other people’s lives. But tonight he couldn’t help himself from trying to catch at least the tone of Lauren’s conversation. He was fairly certain it was a male voice on the other end of the line and only one explanation came to mind for a man to be calling so her so late – she was cheating on someone. With him.
 Lauren had said she was new to the dating scene but what if she’d lied? People did it all the time, especially when they were looking for some action on the side, so it was definitely possible that she had someone in her life. What if her husband or boyfriend was calling to check up on her while she was busy buffing his truck seats with her adorable ass? 
A wave of anger washed over him at her betrayal. She was as bad as all the rest. Worse because she’d seemed so sweet and genuine. At least the girls in his harem were clear about what they wanted: dirty, athletic, marathon sex. They didn’t go around expressing tenderness and humour when they were with him. Lauren had been acting like she actually gave a damn about him and that deception made her seem downright diabolical. How could she cling to him so passionately after sex when she had someone waiting at home for her? She was either a phenomenal actress or a complete psychopath. Either way, he’d fallen for her little game. Man, why was he such a fool?
Before he could stop himself his foot connected with a nearby flower pot and he kicked it with vicious intent. It went flying across the driveway and into the woods, startling a fat squirrel who chattered at him for a few seconds before running off with a disapproving flick of his bushy tail.
James glanced back at the truck but Lauren hadn’t noticed his childish display of temper. She was listening intently to the voice on the other end of the phone and staring at the ground as she gnawed on one of her thumbnails. He heard her say, ‘yes’ twice and then she asked ‘when?’ But other than that she didn’t volunteer any information to the person on the other end of the call. 
He watched her and tried to think logically about the situation, not exactly his strong suit. Maybe he was jumping to conclusions about her. Perhaps there was a reasonable explanation for why some guy was calling her in the middle of the night. He glanced at his watch. Okay. Ten-thirty wasn`t exactly the ass-crack of dawn. And she certainly didn`t seem like a woman who was being interrogated by her boyfriend. Wouldn`t someone in danger of being caught red-handed seem embarrassed or panicked, maybe even fearful? But none of those emotions were apparent in her demeanor. In fact, if he had to pin-point her expression he`d have to say she looked worried more than anything else. 
His anger faded and was quickly replaced with concern. And shame. Here she was, actually going through some kind of crisis and he was jumping to all kinds of unfair conclusions about her. He rubbed his hand through his unruly hair in exasperation with himself and the entire situation.
Moments later she ended the call. She slipped the phone back into her purse and began repairing her clothing without a glance in his direction.
He didn’t like the looks of that one bit. She was slipping into that cool and collected persona that he didn’t like nearly as much as the passionate women he’d been pumping inside, just minutes ago. He’d been fascinated by her serenity earlier but right now he hated it. She was closing herself off from him and he resented the hell out of her ability to do so when his own emotions were on the verge of spinning out of control. 
Despite all his misplaced anger and frustration, James realized that he still wanted her to stay with him tonight. Even if she had a boyfriend. Hell, even if she had her own male version of The Harem he would deal with it. That`s how infatuated he was with her.
Weirdly enough, he actually wanted to tell her how he felt. He never shared his feelings with anyone, not even himself, but with her he wanted to confess that he’d do or say just about anything to make her want to stay. The only thing really stopping him was that he knew with absolute certainty that he would just mess it up if he tried to tell her how he felt.
 Well, that and the fact that it was obvious she was having some kind of emergency. What kind of selfish prick would he be if he suggested that she ignore the phone call, pretend it had never happened and lose herself in him for the rest of the night instead?
His pride wouldn’t let him be honest with her so he did the cowardly thing and acted like he didn’t give a rip that she was about to abandon him. “Everything ok?” He asked with his clenched fists buried in his pant pockets. The night was cool without her warm body pressed against him and he wished he’d grabbed his shirt instead of freezing his nips off like an asshole. 
“Not really,” she sighed. “I’m really sorry about this, but can you drive me back to the city?” Reaching across the seat, she grabbed his shirt and then tossed it at him with an apologetic little smile when it fell short and landed in the gravel at his feet.
He picked it up and began to shrug into the dirty, wrinkled garment. Trying to keep his tone light he grinned back at her. “So I suppose Round Two will have to wait for another night?” Damn it. This is why he didn`t talk. He sounded like a complete douchebag.
Her smile disappeared and was replaced with a blank expression as she struggled to reach her dress zipper. She turned her back to him. “Can you?” She asked, completely ignoring his question.
He approached her and stood entirely too close as he slowly tugged the zipper of her modest grey dress up her smooth back. He nearly groaned as he recalled how her breath had caught when he’d traced her spine with his fingers as he’d lowered that same zipper just minutes earlier.
When he was done with fastening her gown he rested his hands on her slim shoulders and waited for her to respond to him in some small way.
“Thanks,” she whispered and pulled away from his grip. 
That was all the answer he needed. She was done with him. She’d gotten what she wanted and now she could forget about him. Just like every woman he’d even been with, he’d served his purpose and that was the extent of his appeal. What had he been hoping for exactly? She’d told him she wanted a one-night stand and that’s what he’d given her. Well, a one-hour stand in this particular case but apparently that’s all he was good for. So why did it sting so badly to be dismissed like this? He should be used to this empty feeling after sex by now. But tonight it bothered him. 
Without speaking, he walked slowly around the front of the truck, buttoning his shirt as he went. When he opened the driver-side door, the overhead light came on and he could see Lauren sitting as far away as possible with her face turned to the side and her arms crossed over her remarkable chest. Her hands cupped her elbows and her posture was rigid as she looked out the window into the darkness.
Something was very wrong here. Even with his ego stinging, he could see that Lauren was upset. He climbed behind the wheel of the truck. Needing to connect with her in some small way, he reached across the seat and touched her leg with his hand. She jerked away from his fingers like they were contaminated but still didn’t look at him.
He cursed under his breath and retreated back to his side of the truck. “Lauren, what’s wrong? Is there anything I can do?” 
She shook her head but still didn’t even glance in his direction. “You can drive. Please. I really don’t want to talk about it.” Her tone was weary as she rubbed at her forehead like she was getting a headache.
He stared at her profile for a long moment as he put the key in the ignition. Who the hell was this cold, dismissive woman? Didn’t she owe him some kind of explanation for why their date was being cut short? But then he remembered: he wasn’t really a date. He was just a warm body she`d purchased for the evening and now she was done with him. 
He put the truck into drive, clenching his jaw so tightly that he felt like his teeth were in danger of splintering into pieces. His fingers dug into the steering wheel and his foot jammed down on the accelerator with more force than necessary but these were the only signs of his anger he would allow himself. 
As they pulled out of his driveway he turned towards her. “Am I taking you home? Or back to the Country Club?” He was proud of how disinterested his voice sounded, until he caught sight of her face.
Silent tears were streaming down her cheeks. 
She rubbed at them with the sleeve of her dress but they just kept trickling from her eyes in steady glistening rivulets. She cleared her throat and gave him an attempt at a brave smile. “Actually, can you take me to the hospital?”
Oh shit. “Hospital? Is someone hurt?”
She hesitated and then shook her head.
“Nothing serious, I hope.”
“No. Nothing like that,” she said and then went completely quiet.
James stared at Lauren for a long moment, waiting for her to explain but she didn’t utter another word. He was tempted to grill her about what was going on but she’d already made it abundantly clear that she’d wasn’t interested in talking about it. 
Everything about her body language said she’d withdrawn from the conversation. This was a tactic he was familiar with. He used it frequently when he didn’t know what to say. Instead of stumbling over his words or saying something dumb or insulting he would just nod or look bored. More often than not, the other person would feel obligated to fill in the awkward silence and he’d be off the hook. He could sit back and listen to them babble without having to exert himself. Over the years he’d perfected the ability to carry-on a conversation with minimal actual participation.
Tonight, however, he was on the receiving end of the silent treatment. Suddenly he had a great deal of sympathy for all the people he’d used it on in the past. 
Completely at a loss, James didn’t know the right thing to say or how to comfort her, but what he could do was break every damn speed limit between here and the hospital to get her where she needed to be. He only hoped it would be enough to show her that he cared. Hopefully, his actions would speak louder than the words he couldn`t seem to speak.
Chapter Six
Lauren felt something fragile and precious splinter and then shatter inside her as she watched the truck pull away from the curb. Letting James speed off into the night without her was much more difficult than she’d anticipated, but she had no choice. Her place was here. It would always be here, no matter how much she wanted things to be different. And a few minutes spent getting horizontal with a hot guy wasn’t going to change the reality of her situation. Even if being with him had felt like so much more than a diversion.
Slowly, she turned and walked to the hospital entrance, crossing her arms over her chest to ward off the chill. With her head down, she pushed through the large double doors and headed towards Emergency. The clerk at the reception counter nodded at her and gave her a weak smile. Lauren returned the expression with a grimace of her own. They’d been here so often she didn’t even need to report in. The staff knew and pitied her on sight. Her dad had the dubious distinction of being one of the hospital’s more colourful regulars.
Outside the emergency waiting room she passed two nurses in deceptively cheerful cartoon-adorned scrub. They were arguing loudly about a missing chart, anger turning their plain faces into angry, red masks of frustration and dislike. She slipped by them, glad to be invisible for once. 
God, how she hated this place. Hospitals seemed to bring out the worst in people. Everything about her current surroundings made her want to run out into the parking lot and take a cab to the nearest bar, where she would drink herself into that sweet forgetful state where none of this could possibly be real. 
As much as Lauren would love to avoid a night spent keeping her dad company while the hospital staff ran tests she accepted that she was stuck here. The faint scent of illness masked by industrial disinfectant permeated the atmosphere around her, forcing her to take shallow breaths to avoid breathing the tainted air too deep into her lungs. 
Closing her eyes, Lauren imagined herself back in the truck with James. Instantly the odour of death and human waste was replaced by the scent memory of his spicy aftershave and the faint whiff of saw dust that seemed to cling to his clean skin. He had smelled amazing and his body, oh dear God, his body had been even better than she`d imagined. How she wished she`d had a chance to explore it more completely. Even now, under these unpleasant circumstances, she felt her cheeks go hot as she thought about the way he’d made her screech and writhe under his expert touch.
She’d been lying beneath his large body, clinging to him in the aftermath of the best sex she could remember experiencing, when that familiar ring tone had sounded. Her fantasy bubble had been popped in an instant. She had purposely programmed the perky little ditty to identify this particular caller because she thought it would take some of the dread out of hearing it. She’d been mistaken. Her heart plummeted every single time she heard it and tonight had been no different. 
She’d momentarily thought about ignoring the call. Who could blame her really? She was entitled to one night out without guilt, wasn’t she? She’d taken all the necessary steps to ensure her father was safe and cared for while she was gone, so why couldn’t she just enjoy herself now and deal with whatever crisis her dad had created to get back at her for leaving him later?
As much as she wanted to be the type of person who could selfishly ignore a call from her dad’s care-aid, she just couldn’t do it. Partly because she hated the idea of poor, dependable Mitch having to deal with her dad’s latest drama alone, but mostly because she was responsible for the man and she needed to shoulder that burden, no matter how much she hated it. That’s what family did for each other. At least that’s what she believed. 
All she’d wanted was a few hours away from the petty manipulations that were a daily part of living with her father. Was that really so bad? Didn’t she deserve a break once in a while? These were the selfish thoughts that had been running through her mind as James drove her home. Her tears in the truck had been of self-pity and frustration, not concern for her father who had fallen in the bathroom. Again. 
James had been so sweet and concerned after the phone call interrupted their ‘date’. She’d been tempted to tell him what was going on but how could she explain to him that she was a caregiver for her deranged father and she’d taken a night off to get laid? Her first break in nearly four years. How would that sound exactly? Probably like she was being held hostage by her own father, which was exactly how she felt sometimes. 
No matter how much she loathed the idea of James pitying her she didn’t trust herself to elaborate without pouring out the whole, horrendous story. He hadn’t signed on for that particular revelation. So she’d kept mostly silent on the drive here. He’d asked her repeatedly if she wanted him to come in with her but she’d declined. When he’d parked the truck on the street and started to follow her towards the ER anyway, she’d practically begged him to leave. He’d just stood there, looking so handsome and rumpled from their tryst in the truck that all she’d wanted to do was curl up in his arms again. 
His mulish expression nearly convinced her to let him come in with her. She didn’t want to face another scene with her dad alone. James’ presence would have been a welcome distraction. If she hadn’t been convinced that the only reason he was still there was a sense of misguided duty she’d have accepted his presence at her side. 
Unfortunately, she just couldn’t stomach the idea of him feeling obligated to her. His kind offer couldn’t possibly be sincere. It was probably just a half-hearted gesture to avoid looking like a complete jerk. What sane person wouldn’t want to escape a complicated situation like this? 
So she’d let him off the hook by calmly stating that this was really none of his business and it wasn’t his place to come in with her. He had looked stunned for a moment, but then he’d nodded, kissed her forehead and got back in the truck, without another glance in her direction. 
Walking down the long hospital corridor, she felt disgusted with herself for being so selfish. Her dad was hurt and she was still focused on James. Her priorities were clearly way out of whack. But thinking of her father just made her angry. She knew he couldn’t help the way he was. She shouldn’t resent him for being paranoid and erratic when these characteristics were symptoms of his condition, but the truth was that there were days when she genuinely felt nothing but revulsion for the man. His constant temper tantrums and small cruelties were slowly eating away at her good intentions. 
Her thoughts cycled back to that night last week when she’d finally decided she needed to take steps towards having a life of her own. She’d been in her room, reading a truly trashy book. It was very late and she was exhausted after a long day of work, followed by an even longer evening spent sitting on the living room sofa, trying to convince her father that her mother wasn’t coming back from the grocery store anytime soon.
This particular evening had been fairly typical for Lauren. She’d dismissed Mitch, who watched her dad while she was at work. Then she’d made Tony Gardiner a bland, diabetes-friendly meal that he would complain about incessantly but would grudgingly eat anyway. She’d brought his food to the living room where he typically ate his meals. When he was done she’d sat down on the sofa, hoping to gauge how he was doing without instigating an angry tirade.
That had been her mistake. It was so easy to set him off now. Just a simple question about his medication had turned into a ten minute rave against the medical field. Then he’d started in on her mom for about the millionth time. She’d watched her father, spewing venom and had felt very little for this intolerant stranger. That’s how she’d known she was near her breaking point. She really couldn’t take much more of this without some kind of break. She suspected no one could live in this toxic environment day in and day out without going completely crazy.
Oblivious to her building resentment Tony had sat in his ugly, brown E-Z chair, shaking his once-powerful fist in the air like a petty tyrant king. Drool dripped unchecked from the side of his mouth that was forever frozen in a scowl as he’d launched into a familiar rant on the weakness of women - how sneaky and untrustworthy they all were, her mother being the worst of all of them for leaving them. Lauren had heard this particular diatribe many times before and she didn’t bother arguing with him anymore. It was no use. If she voiced an opposing opinion it just seemed to enrage him further. If she nodded her agreement he would typically wind down after a few minutes.
 That night, however, he didn’t settle down. He was on a roll. His sexist rant turned into a racist one that pretty much encapsulated every offensive, loathsome, bigoted ideal anyone had ever expressed. Such vile words spilled from his misshapen mouth that she’d been unable to ignore his ignorance. Out of desperation she’d reached for his television remote to distract him. That was when she’d done the unforgiveable and switched the channel on the humongous flat-screen that her father insisted on keeping tuned to various sports channels around the clock. 
He had stared at her in complete shock for a moment and then he’d snatched the remote out of her hand and threw it against the wall where it shattered, sending black plastic pieces flying everywhere. Fortunately for her, the remote had exhausted his rage and he’d immediately apologized, but it was too late. She’d walked out of the room, totally ignoring his desperate cries for her to fix his ‘clicker’.
The worst part of all of this was that she felt good about leaving him there to deal with the ramifications of his tantrum. He was turning her into a monster. The idea of him being unable to watch all of his precious sports channels actually made her happy. He could sit there and watch a damn cooking show for the rest of night. She would get him a new remote tomorrow. 
She’d settled on her small bed, with Brutus her orange, long-haired cat beside her, and tried to read as tears seeped down her face and onto her pillow. Ten minutes later, she’d heard the familiar drag/clank of her father’s walker as he’d slowly made his way down the hallway. The sound made her cringe and she fervently prayed that he would by-pass her room on his way to the kitchen.
She didn’t get that lucky. When he eventually reached her door and began softly knocking, Lauren had wanted to cover her ears and block out the sound. This was a pattern with him. He would do or say something horrendous and then he’d play on her sympathy to get back into her good graces. Soon, the crying would start and she’d go to him, as she always did and try to comfort him. She’d gently guide him back to his own room where she’d help him get into bed, and then she’d promise to never leave him because she didn’t know what else to say when he begged her to not abandon him like her ‘bitch’ of a mother.
Even as she made these promises she’d dream of going somewhere else, escaping him and his endless demands on her, and just having a normal life. But how could she do that exactly? He was awful, but he was her dad and he hadn’t always been this way. She couldn’t leave him, no matter how much she wanted to. Especially considering it was her fault he was like this, at least partially.
At seventeen she had been completely out of control. She’d discovered alcohol the year before and drugs had soon followed. By the time she dropped out of high school in her senior year, she was heavily involved in the party scene, committing petty crimes and even using her body to get her nightly fix of whatever would make her feel good. 
This particular night, the one that changed her life, her parents had been out looking for her. She hadn’t been home for days and her mother had begged one of her friends to tell her where she was going that night. Their informant had purposely given them the wrong address. 
Tony and Tina Gardiner had spent most of the evening driving aimlessly around an unfamiliar and seedy Seattle neighbourhood, in the rain. They were just heading for home, disheartened at their failure to rescue her, when a drunk driver in a Hummer plowed into them from behind. Her dad hadn’t been wearing his seatbelt, as usual, and the impact from the collision had sent him head-first through the windshield of his beloved black and gold Lincoln Continental.
Where was she when all this occurred? Well, she was just three streets away, passed out on a drug dealer’s couch with some nameless, faceless man on top of her. 
She didn’t even know about the accident until she went home to gather some clothes two days later and discovered that her dad had sustained a serious brain injury in the crash. He’d been unconscious for 48 hours. Her mother had been unhurt physically, but nearly hysterical at the prospect of having to deal with an invalid husband who may or may not be able to sustain a job or even take care of himself in the future. She was overwhelmed and horrified at the thought of being a caretaker for a man who’d been difficult to begin with and now might be a complete burden as well.
Lauren hadn’t been surprised when her mother had left soon afterward. Her parent’s relationship had been strained for as long as she could remember. They’d fought constantly, which explained why she’d escaped her home environment through drugs and alcohol. But they’d come together that one night, determined to rescue their errant child, and it had worked, in a way. She rarely drank and never did drugs after that night. Watching her formerly vibrant and charismatic father turn into a large, helpless child with impulse control issues was incredibly effective motivation to stay clean.
She’d done the best she could for him. When he raged or complained or whined she tried to remember him the way he’d been before the accident. But the truth was that, for the most part, he’d been an absent father who worked late practically every night and would rather spend his weekends at the golf course or the horse-track with his buddies than with his family. He hadn’t been unkind or abusive, just uninterested in his child and eventually downright hostile towards his wife. 
Lauren actually had very few pleasant memories to cling to but she tried to summon them now as she walked through the emergency room doors. To her shame, nothing came to mind. It seemed like her father had spent the past ten years in a perpetual state of anger and bitterness. The brain injury he’d sustained in the accident had taken away most of his positive traits and replaced them with a whole new personality that was prone to negativity, rages and complete self-absorption. 
He’d never been a selfless person but since the stroke last year he’d become a complete narcissist. He stopped showing even a cursory interest in Lauren and her life. He never asked about her day or her job. All his attention was focused on him and his health and all the terrible things that were going on in the world. He didn’t even seem to care that his daughter was slowly sinking deeper and deeper into debt trying to keep up with his prescriptions and care costs. She’d just finished paying off his last hospital bill and after tonight she’d be negotiating yet another payment plan which would leave her with practically nothing to live on over the next year. 
Scanning the waiting room she spotted Mitch sitting in one of the hard plastic chairs. He was staring down at the floor and his usually bright grin was missing completely. A wave of unease passed through her as she noted that his handsome face was pale and his usually immaculate grey hair was standing up in clumps, like he’d spent the night combing through it with frustrated fingers. The feeling of unease grew stronger as she realized that Mitch shouldn’t be out here in the waiting area. He always stayed with her dad when he had one of his episodes. Her logical brain tried to convince her that maybe the hospital had enforced their ‘family only’ rule but something felt terribly wrong. 
“Mitch!” Lauren weakly raised a hand to draw his attention and closed the distance between them on unsteady legs.
Mitch stood up and reached for her, grabbing her hands and squeezing them gently. “Lauren. Jeez. I’m so sorry.”
She gave him a small smile. “Don’t worry about it. I know you wouldn’t have called if it wasn’t urgent. I’m just glad you were there for him. Can we go in and see him now? Is he in his usual bed?” She tugged on his hands and turned to start walking towards the inner doors to the emergency ward, but Mitch didn’t budge. He just stood there, with a shocked expression on his face.
She paused and stared up at him. 
“I don’t know how to do this,” he said, shaking his head and closing his eyes.
“Mitch? C’mon. You know he’s probably harassing the nurses. Let’s get in there before he alienates every single one of them, okay?” She tried to remove her hands from Mitch’s strong grip but he held on tightly. 
“Lauren. Wait a minute.” Mitch let out a long breath and gave her a look so full of pity that she felt her stomach drop. Oh no, she thought to herself, Dad must have really hurt himself. And where was I? I was on my back, with a stranger between my legs. Just like last time. Except this time I was sober and an adult so there’s really no excuse. 
It didn’t seem possible to believe that the man she’d taken care of for the past ten years could possibly be seriously hurt. She knew from her phone call with Mitch that her dad had fallen in the bathroom. This had happened before and his injuries had always been minor. Mitch had ordered an ambulance just to be on the safe side. The worst she’d been expecting tonight was a bruised hip or possibly a broken rib but this was looking much more severe than she’d anticipated.
She didn’t think she could live with the guilt if something catastrophic had happened to him. 
Panic began to sink in but she refused to believe the worst. Maybe if she acted like nothing was wrong, the universe would cooperate and things would fall into place. Her dad would be fine. Everything would be alright. She just needed to calm down and refuse to let her guilty conscience overwhelm her with worst-case scenarios.
Trying for a normal tone she rolled her eyes at him. “Mitch,” she said impatiently, “what is it? You’re freaking me out, ok?”
Tears brimmed in his pale grey eyes as he looked down at her. “Oh Lauren. I’m so fucking sorry to tell you this, but your dad is gone.”
“Gone? Home? You mean?” She asked, completely confused. “I don’t understand. Did he take a cab? Why didn’t you drive him?” She frowned at Mitch, but he just stared back at her in disbelief.
“Oh shit. I’m sorry. That’s not what I meant at all. I should have explained that your father suffered a massive stroke in the ambulance. By the time he got to the ER, there wasn’t really anything that could be done for him. I’m very sorry for your loss.”
Lauren stared at him blankly for a few seconds, completely unable to process his words. Then his meaning came crashing down on her: her dad was dead. Gone, gone forever.
This could not be happening. Her dad was indestructible. He’d survived the car crash that should have killed him ten years ago. Just last year his physician, Dr. Abbot, had been amazed at how quickly Tony had recovered some mobility after his stroke. He’d said that her dad’s healing powers were nothing short of a miracle. 
According to her dad, he was just too ornery to die. He’d always said this with a rare crooked smile to indicate he was kidding but Lauren had totally believed him. So how could this be happening now?
She turned away, unable to look at Mitch’s sympathetic faces. All she could think about was all the many, many times she’d wanted her dad gone. Not dead, never that, but happily settled in one of the nursing homes he’d always adamantly refused to consider. Or better yet, she’d wished him to be miraculously healthy enough that she didn’t have to spend her whole life taking care of him. 
She was suddenly overcomed with a wave of shame so intense that she had trouble containing herself. She wanted to scream, to throw something, to tear out her hair and rake her nails across her cheeks. To do something to express how deeply she regretted ever wishing him gone. Because now that he was, she felt her resentment melting away like icicles during a sudden spring thaw.
Images from her childhood rolled through her brain. For the first time in a very long time she was able to put aside her bitterness and remember the occasions when her dad had been there for her. There was the 8th grade swim meet where he’d screamed encouragement so loudly that she’d heard him, even with her head underwater. Then there was the time the bully from next door had thrown a rock at her face. The injury had left a tiny scar above her eyebrow. That small imperfection made her smile every time she looked in a mirror because her dad had paid a bigger kid from down the street twenty dollars to beat the crap out of the little jerk who’d made Tony Gardiner’s little girl cry.
Yes, the man who’d kept her hostage for the past ten years was gone, but so was the one who’d braved the elements to rescue her the night of the accident. This horrible, selfish man had also taught her to drive and how to throw a punch without breaking her thumb. As much as she’d longed to be free of him, she’d never wanted it to happen like this. Not even in her darkest fantasies had she wished for him to die among strangers while she was out looking for some action. 
How foolish her little act of rebellion felt petty and childish now that she would never have a chance to redeem herself. She had spent the last ten years making up for being a selfish brat as a teenager. How long would it take to make up for tonight’s self-indulgence? Another ten years? Twenty years of penance seemed like an easy sentence considering how she’d failed her father this evening. 
She felt Mitch’s large hand on her shoulder and heard his whispered, “I’m sorry, Lauren. I swear, I tried to help him, but he just slammed the bathroom door in my face, as usual.”
Lauren placed her hand on top of Mitch’s rough fingers and turned towards him. His striking face was a mask of agony. Obviously she wasn’t the only one wracked by guilt tonight. 
“It’s ok, Mitch. I don’t think there was anything you could do,” she said softly, trying to reassure him. 
He gave her a small, grateful smile but didn’t look convinced. “The doctor said that he’d probably sustained several small strokes over the past few months. The fall probably had very little to do with what happened in the ambulance.”
Lauren gaped at him in surprise. “More strokes? That’s not possible. He would have told me.”
“It’s quite likely that he didn’t know.” He shrugged helplessly. “Sometimes these small strokes, or TIAs, are mostly unnoticeable. They often manifest themselves in personality or behaviour changes.”
Lauren thought back to the last few months. She spent time with her dad every single day so it was almost impossible to tell if he’d changed dramatically during that timeframe. But if she really examined his behaviour she’d have to say he was definitely more paranoid and manipulative lately. 
“Now that you mention it, he was a bit more difficult lately,” Lauren said quietly, not wanting to say anything bad about her dad now that he was gone. “Had you noticed anything?” She asked Mitch. He was a trained healthcare professional. Surely he would have brought it to her attention if her dad was in danger.
Mitch looked uncomfortable. “Working with your dad was an adventure every single day. He was always challenging but yeah, I’d say he was definitely more difficult lately. I was going to mention it to you but I didn’t want to add to your problems. You worry about him so much already.” His voice cracked and his hand tightened on her shoulder. “I’m so sorry, Lauren. I should have told you.” 
Lauren blinked up at him. “You knew something was wrong?”
“Not for sure. But he’d been saying some pretty wild things lately. More than usual.” He put his other hand on her opposite shoulder and turned her until she was facing him squarely. “This is my fault, Lauren. I got too personally involved and let my feelings for you impair my judgment. If I’d kept things professional, then I never would have hesitated to tell you that I was pretty sure your dad was deteriorating.”
“What do you mean, your feelings for me?”
“Lauren.” He looked up at the ceiling for a moment and let out a puff of air between his teeth as if preparing to perform a difficult task. “You must know. You’re like a daughter to me. It was torture watching you care for that man. I would have quit after day one, except I couldn’t stand the thought of you alone with him. He didn’t appreciate a single thing you did for him. Sure. Part of that was the brain injury and then the stroke but mostly he acted like a selfish, intolerant prick because he was a selfish, intolerant prick.”
Lauren stared at him. Never in the nine years she’d known him had Mitch ever said anything so negative about her father. He muttered about the old man’s stubbornness and challenging behaviour from time to time but for the most part, he kept his sense of humour and treated her father with respect. This cruel attack when the man wasn’t even cold yet seemed unjustified and out of character.
She pulled away from his hands. “My father was sick. How can you say that about him?” She hissed over her shoulder as she began walking towards the emergency ward doors. She needed to see her dad. Maybe for the last time, she thought as tears began trickling down her cheeks again.
Mitch grabbed her arm and gently spun her back towards him. “I’m saying it because I think you need to hear it. I know you, Lauren, and you’re going to punish yourself for what happened tonight and I would much rather you focus your anger on me. So, please, go ahead and shout at me for neglecting to share vital information with you. Scream at me for letting your dad go into the bathroom alone. Sue me if that would help. I would really prefer it if you hate me than carry this burden for another second.” 
Lauren jerked her arm away from his grasp. “That’s really not your decision to make and I’ll thank you not to tell me how I should react to my father’s death. He may not have been perfect but he didn’t deserve what happened to him tonight.” She shook her head. “No one deserves that. And as for hating you? Congratulations. You just got your wish.” With one final watery glare she pushed through the emergency ward doors and left Mitch standing in the middle of the waiting room, looking shocked and appalled at what had just occurred between them.
Her sobs began in earnest when she realized that she’d lost, not one, but two of the most important people in her life, all in one terrible night. 
Chapter Seven
Monday morning
James eyed the shiny black truck parked outside his office trailer with distaste. The last thing he needed this morning was his big brother showing up at his construction site to cast judgment. But here the bossy bastard was, sticking his nose where it doesn’t belong. It just figured that Jack would come on the one morning he was running late too. 
Looking down at his watch, James cursed to himself as he saw that it was nearing 08:00. He prided himself on arriving by seven every morning, but after dropping Lauren off at the hospital last night he hadn’t been able to fall asleep. He’d spent most of the night, looking up at his ceiling and trying to figure out what was bothering him about the way his ‘date’ had ended. As much as he tried to relax the truth was that he felt like a complete shit leaving her to deal with her crisis alone. Not exactly heroic behaviour on his part even though she’d insisted. It was crazy, but a part of him was convinced that he should have stayed and supported her. Leaving her had just felt wrong to him.
If she hadn’t told him to mind his own damn business he would have parked himself at her side and hopefully helped in some small way. But then she’d said it wasn’t his place to be there. She’d uttered this comment in that cold, dry voice he hated and it had felt like she’d slapped him, hard. He’d left in a hurry after that but he didn’t feel good about it. It certainly didn’t help that he still didn’t know her full name. Now he’d never know what kind of emergency had interrupted their evening so abruptly. Worse yet, he’d probably never see her again. That thought made him feel a little bit desperate, so he focused on his annoyance with Jack’s presence on his turf instead. 
James slowly climbed the short set of stairs to his office, allowing his lunch pail and hard hat to dangle from one hand as he did a quick visual scan of the condo development he’d been busting his balls to finish. He breathed a sigh of relief as he noted that the vandals who’d been plaguing Soleil’s progress hadn’t been busy destroying property or stealing equipment last night. Hiring a private security crew had clearly been the right decision, even though the cost had been outrageous.
He noted with pride that his first solo project was very nearly finished. It looked amazing. The four story structure was a modern update on the classic craftsman style of architecture. Large decks with glass railings were attached to every unit and floor-to-ceiling windows promised light and excellent views of the tree-lined street and landscaped courtyard. If Mark ever got his ass in gear with the landscape design the new occupants would be suitably impressed. Now that the main construction was complete, he could finally allow Serena’s boyfriend to get started bringing in plants and grass to finish off the exterior.
 Jack wouldn’t be happy with the delays but missing the deadline had been unavoidable. Unfortunately for James, the eldest Kingston brother wasn’t exactly known for his understanding. He was pretty intense when it came to satisfying their customers and just about everything else on the planet too. James was really just hoping that marriage and fatherhood had mellowed Jack. Otherwise this was going to be a butt-ugly conversation.
The only reason Jack would be here was to bust his chops. It was what the guy was known for. He blustered and complained, occasionally he threatened important body parts, but once he settled down they’d create a plan to get this project back on track. And that was all that really mattered to him. Jack could yell at him until that vein in his forehead started to pulsate like it was getting ready to burst if that’s what it took to move onto the planning stage of their partnership. 
Already counting to ten to keep his temper in check, James pulled open the door and entered his tiny, slightly shabby trailer. He sighed as he noticed that his big brother was making himself comfortable sitting at HIS desk, pouring over plans while eating a massive maple bacon donut. Jack didn’t even look up when he entered the room. 
Not a good sign. James braced himself for the oncoming shit-storm.
Shaking his head, he placed his hard hat on one of the hooks by the door and then tossed his lunch into the mini-fridge. Still nothing from Jack. 
Man, you’d think getting married and having a baby would have mellowed the guy, but he truly was just like their dad – a complete hard-ass.
“Well?” James asked as he sat on the corner of his own damn desk, crossed his arms and waited for Jack to acknowledge him. He suddenly regretted not having a second chair in his office. He felt like an idiot perched here like an unwelcome guest in his own damn office. 
Jack continued chewing what must have been a fist-sized bite of doughnut into submission as he continued to study the papers spread out before him. When he was able to speak past the lump of food he grunted, “Well. What?”
James rolled his eyes. “Christ. Jack. Just spare me the theatrics and tell me why the hell you’re here.” 
Jack pointed out the window with his pastry. “The sign on the fence says ‘Kingston Brothers’ so I’m pretty sure I don’t need an invitation, being a Kingston Brother and all. The senior partner in the business to be exact. Unless something has changed that I’m not aware of, that is.”
James reached for the huge box of doughnuts at his brother’s elbow, hoping for a little bacon therapy of his own. The way his morning was going he was going to need the sugar high.
“Mine,” Jack growled and slapped his hand away. He pulled the box protectively closer to his side and continued studying the plans in front of him.
James yanked his hand back and grunted in exasperation. “For fuck’s sake, Jack. What is your problem exactly?”
His brother finally raised his eyes and gave James a contemptuous look. “My problem is that we have 18 new residents scheduled to move into that building next month,” he pointed to the giant diagram of the Soleil condo development pinned to the wall, “but since the inspector won’t be able to give his approval, those people are going to be homeless. And why is that exactly? Oh yeah. Because you’re too busy servicing your harem and shaking your ass for the local cougars to do your fucking job.” The last word was practically a shout.
James reared back, shocked at Jack’s attack. He’d expected a reprimand for being late but his brother wasn’t usually quite this unreasonable. Everyone knew James worked at least 12 hours a day, usually longer. Last night had been his first night off in weeks, due to the upcoming deadline. His dedication had never been questioned like this before and he felt his temper starting to go nuclear at the accusation that he lacked dedication to this project. 
Taking a deep breath, he tried to remain calm. Speaking slowly and carefully through gritted teeth, he glared back at Jack. “What are you talking about? The inspector is coming today. We should be good to go.”
Jack surged to his feet. “We are not ‘good to go.’ Not even fucking close.”
Whoa. He’s pissed, James thought. He almost stepped back but managed to hold his ground. He wasn’t the ‘little brother’ anymore and had to remind himself that they were almost exactly the same size. Still, Jack was not a man to fuck with if he could avoid it so he tried for a calm, self-assured tone. “Sure we are. The carpeting needs to be installed on the fourth floor and a little bit of paint here and there. Then the landscaping. That’s it. So why is your dick tied in a knot exactly?”
Jack narrowed his eyes at him. “What about the lights?”
James stared at him blankly. “They went in weeks ago. No problem.”
“And where did you get those lights?”
James looked at him like he’d just asked him how to spell his own name. “Um. From a vendor.”
“And did you happen to notice if those lights were APA approved or not?”
“Of course they were. Who sells non-APA approved light fixtures?”
Jack threw his arms up in the air. “I have no idea but apparently you found the one vendor who overlooked that little detail because none of them will pass inspection. Not a single one. That means 64 sets of useless lights that need to come down and be replaced by fixtures that will not fucking burn down the building we just constructed.”
James held his hands up, palms facing towards his irate brother. “Calm down, Jack. I’m sure we can delay the building inspector a few days and get this taken care of.”
Jack’s green eyes darkened and his brow furrowed with anger. He looked a little like a bull getting ready to charge. “Do. Not. Tell. Me. To calm down.” He pointed at James. “I trusted you with this project and you blew it, big time. I thought you were ready for more responsibility. Apparently I was wrong.”
  “Holy shit. Jack. When did you turn into such a drama queen,” James said, turning away in disgust. “I’ll take care of it. Quit having a hemorrhage.”
Jack crossed his arms and closed his eyes for a moment as if praying for strength.
“You’ll fix it? And how will you do that exactly? I already talked to the building inspector and he’s going on vacation. The next day he has available is in six weeks.”
“I’ll talk to him.”
“Oh. Right. Since talking is your area of expertise. I feel so much better now.”
James felt his temper starting to fray at Jack’s sarcastic tone but he fought back the oncoming tide of rage by gritting his teeth so hard his jaw felt like it was going to snap. When he was back in control he muttered, “Low-blow, Jack. I’m sure he can be persuaded to make an exception.”
Jack crossed his arms and raised his black eyebrows. “Are you going to kidnap him and force him to inspect that sorry excuse for a building at gunpoint?” James flinched at this insult to Soleil but he let Jack continue. “Cause I know George and he will not be happy that we cancelled on him last minute like this. We’ll be lucky if we can get him back here in six weeks.”
Six weeks. Shit. That pretty much spelled disaster for this project. Buyers who’d planned on moving in on June 1st wouldn’t be able to take possession until August 1st at the earliest. Many of them would have sold their old homes in order to avoid having to cover two mortgages. These owners would have to make other arrangement during the transition period, which understandably would make them pretty disgusted with Kingston Brothers.
In all the years they’d been in business, James only knew of one other time they’d not been able to honour a commitment and that had been due to extreme weather, not human error. Their father had instilled such a strong work ethic in them that they never, ever made mistakes like this. Kingston Brothers prided themselves on the high quality of their work and their dependability. Until now.  
God, what had he been thinking with those lights? They’d been such a great deal. He should have known there was something wrong with them. Jack was right to be pissed but his pride wouldn’t allow him to admit it to his overbearing brother.
“I’m sure there’s another building inspector that can come out,” he said with a casual shrug.
Jack shot him an incredulous look. “You’re not getting it, Jimmy Dean. They’re booked for the summer. They always are this time of year because so many projects get finished when it’s not pissing rain. You should know this. Or have you not been paying attention during the past 15 years you’ve spent on construction sites?” 
James lowered his head. His brother was looking at him like he was a complete moron and he couldn’t take another second of it. Part of him wanted to defend himself but he didn’t really have a valid excuse. He should have known better. Or he should have asked for help because the truth was that he’d been trying to do everything himself and as a result, he was spreading himself too thin and had been cutting corners to stay on track. 
When one of his guys had approached him about a deal on some lights he hadn’t thought to check up on them. He’d just been relieved to have one less thing to worry about. Now that he thought back on it, that particular employee had quit a few weeks later to go work for their competition. 
Now he wondered if Phil the Schill, the shady owner of Pinehurst Homes, might have had something to do with those lights. James wouldn’t put it past that asshole. He would be thrilled to see this project delayed. It would only discredit Kingston Brothers and Phil lived to undermine them. There’d been bad blood between the two construction companies for decades. Ever since their dad had stolen their mother from Phil 35 years ago, he’d been a barnacle on their collective asses: always spreading rumours about their projects and trying to steal their design ideas.
James wanted to share this theory with Jack but just the mention of Phil was usually enough to make his brother see red and he was close to imploding as it was. Besides, it would sound like he was trying to avoid taking responsibility if he even brought Phil up. Jack would never respect him if he tried to shift the blame. As much as his brother annoyed the crap out of him, James desperately wanted Jack to see him as an equal. He’d been the lesser Kingston Brother all his life and he was not going to accept that role anymore, so instead of whining about what Phil may or may not have done, he raised his chin, stiffened his spine and looked his brother directly in the eye.
“What do you want me to say, Jack? I fucked up. Should I spend the next month working non-stop to make up for it? ‘Cause that’s what I’ll do.”
Jack shook his head slowly, once, from side to side. “I wish it were that easy.”
James threw up his hands. “Why are you being such an asshole about this?”
“I’m being an asshole? Are you kidding me? This project is overdue and way over budget. It’s the fucking Titanic. And you think you can solve that with some fucking overtime?” Jack roared. 
“Tell me then. How do you propose I fix it?”
“You’ve done enough already. Don’t you think?”
The control James had been clinging to snapped and he was suddenly lunging over the desk. He tackled Jack to the hard floor and threw a hard right fist to his jaw. Jack managed to deflect the blow and jabbed him hard in the stomach with an elbow that nearly knocked the breath out of him.
Suddenly, a piercing whistle filled the tiny office and both brawling men paused in beating each other senseless to look up.
Serena was standing in the doorway with the fingers of one hand inserted in her mouth. She somehow managed to give them a dirty look as she exhaled and made that ear-splitting, awful sound one more time, just to get her point across. When she saw that they’d stopped throwing punches she lowered her hand and put her fist on one pencil-skirted hip.
“What do you two think you’re doing?” She hissed. “This little scrimmage can be heard halfway down the block and I have a prospective buyer arriving in ten minutes. So either finish this shit up in a cage match where I can at least sell tickets, or act like adults and use your words to tell each other what’s going on in your tiny reptilian brains.”
James and Jack rolled away from each other, stood awkwardly and glared across the desk at Serena. 
“Just a small disagreement, Ess.” Jack said, touching his split lip tentatively with one finger.
“Small disagreement?” She raised one eyebrow. “Looks like you two were trying to maim each other. Is this about last night? ‘Cause I’m fine, Jack. No need to defend my honour or anything. I’m sure James just didn’t realize what was going on.”
“Last night? What happened last night?” James winced as he shifted his body from side to side, checking for a bruised rib.
Serena and Jack traded glances.
“What?” James asked, abandoning his inventory of injuries to focus on Serena.
She grimaced. “Didn’t you wonder why I followed you outside at the country club last night?”
James rolled his eyes. “I assumed you were coming out to gloat.”
She stamped her foot impatiently. “James. That’s not fair. How would I know that you still freaked out in front of crowds?”
“Um. Maybe because I told you it wasn’t my thing? That should have given you a clue.”
“Still. I wouldn’t have made you -.”
Jack interrupted. “Never mind his girlish hysterics,” he said in a snide tone. “Tell him why you followed him outside.” He glared at James who enthusiastically flipped him the bird with both hands. 
Serena held her arm out between them to prevent Jack from lunging at his younger brother. “I came out to find you because Karl was there.”
“Karl?” James turned his attention away from Jack and gave her a baffled look.
She arched an eyebrow. “Remember last year? The guy who was showing up at all my open houses?” James stared at her blankly. “The one who followed me out to an appointment and scared the shit out of me? Does this ring a bell?”
Realization dawned on him. “The one Mark had investigated? He was there?” Oh shit. He thought back to last night. He remembered one of the bachelors up for auction was named Karl. James had been pretty busy holding his guts down but he seemed to recall that the tall, blonde geneticist had seemed harmless enough.
“Yes, he was there. He didn’t come near me or anything but he watched me the whole time.” She shuddered. “I know Mark’s investigator friend didn’t find anything on him but he still gives me the creeps. So I came outside to find you, thinking maybe he would think twice about approaching me if I was with you.”
James suddenly felt like the biggest shit-heel on the planet. Serena must have been genuinely frightened if she’d sought him out. It wasn’t like her to admit that she was afraid of anything. And what had he been doing when he should have been protecting his cousin? He’d been having a panic attack, like a complete loser. 
“Damn it. Serena. I’m sorry. I had no idea.” James gave her an apologetic look and placed his hands on his hips.
She grinned back. “That’s ok. I called Mark after you took off with that girl. He came to the country club and glared at anyone who looked at me funny. But Karl was already gone, so his caveman act was completely wasted. Fun to watch though.”
Jack shook his head in disgust and scowled at James. “I can’t believe you were with some country club cougar last night,” he pointed at Serena, “when she needed you. Aren’t three girls enough to prove what a stud you are? Damn it, James. Your dick must be the one making all your decisions because your brain clearly isn’t. Not at work and not with your family. What is your problem exactly?”
Serena frowned at him. “Jack. C’mon. He didn’t know. It’s no big deal. Nothing happened. I was probably being paranoid anyway.”
Jack held out his hand to stop her. “But what if that creepy bastard had approached you? What if he thought he’d like to finish whatever fucked up little fantasy he’d tried to live out last year? You might have been in trouble, Serena. And this guy,” he pointed at James, “was too busy chasing tail to keep an eye on you.”
Both James and Serena turned on Jack with murder in their expressions.
Serena spoke first. “Umm…First of all, I don’t need anyone keeping an “eye on me” like I’m a blind poodle or something. I just wanted to discourage a confrontation with that freak show. That’s all. I can take care of myself.”
“And I,” James said quietly, “was not ‘chasing’ some random piece of tail. I was representing our business and raising money for charity. And if I’d known Serena needed me I would have been there.” He turned towards Serena. “You know that, right?”
She nodded and placed her hand on his forearm. “Of course I do. Honestly, it’s no big deal. The only reason he,” she cranked a thumb towards Jack, “even knows about crazy Karl’s reappearance is that my boyfriend and him are like a couple of gossipy old ladies.” She rolled her eyes. “They tell each other everything.”
Jack re-crossed his arms over his wide, flannel-covered chest. “I hardly think your ex-stalker on the loose qualifies as ‘gossip’, but none of that changes the fact that James’ priorities are way out of whack.”
James sighed and rubbed the back of his neck with one hand. “Seriously, it’s time to let it go, Jack.”
Jack stepped forward and jabbed a rude index finger into the middle of James’ chest. “I really don’t think I’m ready to just ‘let it go.’ He jabbed again. “You, Little Bro, seem to forget that when I was finishing those townhouse down the road a few years ago, I worked 18 hour days for months on end. We’re talking hundred hour work weeks. That’s what it takes to make this business a success. You, obviously, aren’t prepared to do that so you should step aside and let a professional take over.”
James knocked Jack’s finger away. “A professional? Like you?” He scoffed.
Jack gave him a smile that closely resembled a snarl. “Who else?”
“Umm… Professional, eh? Yeah, screwing one of your clients was real professional.”
Jack got in his face again. “Careful. That’s my wife you’re talking about and nothing happened until after the project was finished.”
James snorted. “Yeah. About thirty seconds after the ink was dry on the final contract you two were polishing the granite countertops with Lacey’s ass. That’s truly the work ethic that would have made dad proud.” 
At the mention of their deceased father, Jack’s face went pale. His fist flew towards James’ face so fast that he didn’t get a chance to dodge out of the way. There was a cracking sound and then sharp pain exploded in his nose. 
“Jesus, Jack. What is wrong with you?” Serena cried, stepping in front of James before Jack could pummel him again. “
“Serena. Stay the hell out of this.” Jack pointed at James who was cradling his bloody nose with both hands. “He’s the one who’s completely fucked up this project and then he has the balls to judge me and my behaviour. I don’t think so.” He glared at both of them. “I’ve had enough. You,” he focused in on James, “are no longer lead on this project. If you want to make yourself useful, start taking down those piece of shit lights you ordered and maybe, just maybe we can get this project finished before the end of the year.” 
“What are you talking about? Soleil is almost done,” Serena said with complete certainty.
Jack’s lips twisted in a sarcastic smile as he feigned surprise. “Clearly you aren’t up to speed. Let me enlighten you.” He waved in James’ direction. “You see, Mr. Personality here has pretty much fucked up this project beyond all repair. All those people you sold units too? Yeah. You’re going to have to call them up and tell them they won’t be able to move in until August 1st.” 
Serena’s face fell. “What?” She shouted and pivoted on her extremely high heels until she was facing James. “Is this true?” She said, crossing her arms over her chest.
As usual, James wasn’t quite sure what to say to Serena’s query. Having Jack pissed at him was bad enough, but also having Serena on his ass was way more than James could handle. 
He’d had differences of opinions with each and every member of his family at some point. They were a loud-mouthed, opinionated, downright stubborn group of people as a rule, but never had he been attacked like this before. He was at fault, granted, but Jack usually wasn’t such a prize-winning dickhead when mistakes were made. It was the nature of the business that things went wrong occasionally, especially on a project of this scale. Jack had certainly made his own share of errors and no one had ever pulled him off a project and ordered him to do menial labour like the lowliest newcomer rather than an equal partner in the business. 
Despite Jack’s uncharacteristic harshness today, a very big part of James wanted to just let it go - to say or do anything to make things right between him and his family. He’d been doing this all his life. Yes, he had a tempter, but he usually buried his feelings in order to keep the peace. As a result, his family fully expected him to knuckle under and act contrite after a few heated words. But he was finished doing what people expected in order to gain their approval, especially if it just felt wrong to him. 
Last night he’d left Lauren at the hospital because it had been the polite thing to do. She’d rejected his ass completely so he’d told himself that he didn’t have any choice except to slink away with his tail between his legs. But there’d been something in her expression that indicated she really didn’t want to be alone.  He’d abandoned her anyway because it was simply easier to not get involved. As a result of that one decision he’d been second-guessing himself ever since. Now it felt like letting her go so easily was a huge mistake. One that would haunt him for the rest of his life if he let it. So, yeah, he was done letting people push him around.
 Besides, it was obvious to him that Jack was playing some kind of power game here. It felt like he was using James’ error as an excuse to put him in his place. If James apologized now, he’d never get out from under his big brother’s domineering thumb. He’d always be in the background, working his ass off but never being acknowledged because he’d chosen that role as a kid in order to avoid drawing attention to himself. But he wasn’t that awkward little geek anymore and he was tired of being treated like the family moron just because he wasn’t as assertive as his loud-mouthed brothers. 
If he wanted to change his relationship with Jack there was only one thing to do. It wouldn’t be easy but he really had no choice. He was going to have to stand up for himself. He just hoped his mouth would cooperate, just this once.
Chapter Eight
September – Saturday morning (Four months later)
Bang. BANG. Bang. BANG!
Lauren groaned and covered her head with her pillow but it didn’t do any good whatsoever to block out the noise. The crazy bastard with the hammer was at it again and there was no escaping his obnoxious pounding racket. Brutus, her cat, squawked indignantly from the foot of the bed as Lauren threw the useless pillow against the wall. 
For the fourth morning in a row, she found herself being woken by the unrelenting noise of a house being constructed just a stone’s throw away from her balcony. And for the fourth morning in a row she cursed Serena Garrison for talking her into buying this particular unit in the new Soleil building in the heart of Brookhaven Village.
She’d driven by the development several times, and had been intrigued by the gorgeous setting and cleverly rounded architecture of the building but the large green and white “Kingston Brothers” sign on the gate had discouraged her from approaching the sales centre located on the first floor. The last thing she wanted was to run into James again after their disastrous evening together. 
She’d thought about him often since the night of the auction and wondered how he’d react if she showed up at his work site. Given her rude behaviour, he’d probably assume she was stalking him and file a restraining order. But that didn’t stop her from making excuses to pass by and imagine herself living in such a cheerful and stylish environment; so different from the grim little house she’d lived in her whole life.
Through Liz she’d discovered that James had been the primary builder for the development but was no longer attached to the project due to a falling out with Jack. Something about James being a “pig-headed fool” was all the detail Liz could get out of her friend, Lacey. 
Lauren had been wildly curious about this revelation but hadn’t wanted to abuse Liz’s friendship any further by demanding more information so she’d let it go, despite her keen interest in James’ whereabouts. Thinking of him just reminded her of her guilt over the circumstances of her dad’s death, so she tried hard not to dwell on those memories but a foolish part of her still got giddy at the thought of “accidentally” running into him again. She was pretty much numb to everything else, so she didn’t see the harm in fantasizing about him every once in a while. 
After her dad’s death Lauren had sunk into a state of deep despair. She’d felt awful about how she’d treated her father but most of all she was ashamed of the way she’d spent so much of their time together resenting him. She’d always assumed that they’d have many more years together. Good years where his health would improve and he would be her dad again. Losing him so unexpectedly had turned her world upside down. 
There hadn’t been a funeral. Not even a memorial service. That was how Tony had wanted it. Once her dad’s ashes were spread over his favourite fishing spot, Lauren hadn’t left that awful house for weeks. She found herself completely unable to make any decisions whatsoever. Even choosing what to wear or what to eat became overwhelming quandaries that left her fatigued and frustrated with herself.
It didn’t help that she kept expecting to hear her dad yelling at the TV or the sound of his walker clanking down the hall. All she heard was complete silence punctuated by the occasional ring of the telephone. By the second week, even the phone stopped ringing except for the occasional bill collector or telemarketer. 
Mitch called a few times but she never responded to his worried-sounding voicemails. She was too embarrassed over the way she’d treated him at the hospital. Mitch was a good man. He’d probably been upset and hadn’t meant those terrible things he’d said about her dad. She should have been more understanding of his predicament. Someday she would get the nerve up to apologize but right then she was too overwhelmed to have that conversation.
She felt terrible about it but she actually missed her friend way more than her dad. Mitch had been the person she shared her life with every single day. He’d known about her challenges at work and he’d provided a sympathetic ear when she was frustrated with her dad. He’d been more than an employee, he’d been her friend and now she felt utterly alone in the world, which also contributed to her depression.
One morning, about four weeks after her father’s death, Lauren had stood in her bathroom, looking into the cracked mirror. She’d noticed some alarming changes in her appearance. She’d lost weight and her dark hair was dull and greasy. She had huge dark circles under her eyes and the white terry-cloth robe she was wearing was stained and ripped under one arm. She hardly recognized the spinster cat-lady looking back at her. Her dramatic decline into sad-sack, shut-in had scared her so badly that she’d sworn right then that she was done feeling sorry for herself. There was nothing she could do to change the past but the future was full of possibilities. 
As Lauren threw the offensive robe in the washer, she decided it was time to come up with a positive plan. Taking care of her dad had consumed all her energy for the past ten years and without him she realized exactly how empty her world had become. She needed to make a new life for herself no matter how difficult and scary it was to move past the loss of her only family.
First, she had to take care of her finances. Her dad’s medical bills and care costs had been astronomical and her wage, combined with his disability cheque, hadn’t been sufficient to cover their modest living expenses so she’d begun dipping into her credit cards over the past year to bridge the gap. Stupid, yes, but she’d had little choice. Selling the house would allow her to get out from under the burden of debt and hopefully leave her with enough left over to buy a modest place for herself where she could hopefully put the past behind her and make a fresh start.
Soleil had seemed like exactly what she’d been looking for. It was completely different from what she was used to and held absolutely no bad memories. Even the fact that the Kingston Brothers had built it was attractive to her. She liked the idea of that connection to James even if she’d probably never see him again now that he no longer worked with his brothers. 
Moving into the shiny new building had seemed like such a great idea a few months ago. She’d been in a hurry to get out of the forlorn envrionment she’d shared with her dad and the condo was shiny, new and, most of all, affordable. It was the cheapest unit in the development due to its small size and poor location on the second floor. The lack of space and a view didn’t really bother Lauren, so she’d jumped at the chance to start over in a new place.
Her one reservation regarding purchasing the condo had been the small lot for sale almost directly under her balcony. 
When she’d finally gathered her nerve and gone to the sales office, she’d asked Serena about the piece of property adjacent to Soleil. The pretty blonde realtor had been tactful enough not to mention their previous meeting at the country club auction and had quickly reassured her that, “no one in their right mind would buy that lot. Look at it. It’s tiny and there’s a humongous tree right in the middle of it. Plus, it’s directly in the shadow of this building. If someone is actually crazy enough to build on that little slice of crap they’ll never get fair market value for it. Too many drawbacks to warrant the inflated cost. Unless the developer drops the price by a butt-load that lot is going to stay vacant for a very long time.”
Lauren had believed her. Why wouldn’t she? Serena was the expert and what she said made sense. The oddly-shaped lot was barely big enough for a house, let alone a yard. And that enormous tree would have to be removed before any construction could happen. She didn’t know much about building houses but she was certain that removing a 60-foot western red cedar with a circumference the size of a hula hoop would be a costly endeavour. A smart builder would not choose that particular lot unless he was desperate.
After moving into her tiny condo, Lauren had decided to take some night classes at the local community college as part of her self-improvement plan. Keeping busy seemed to be the key to avoiding dark thoughts, so she embraced her busy but lonely lifestyle and tried to fill practically every minute with distractions. The only problem with this plan was that between her full-time job, school and the recurring bad dreams that plagued her since her dad’s death, Lauren was on the brink of complete exhaustion. 
Some days it seemed that the only true sleep she got was in the early mornings before she left for work at 9:00. Or it had been until the lot across from her balcony had shown signs of life. She’d looked on in dread as she’d realized that she had a new and potentially noisy neighbour despite Serena’s assurances that no one would want to build on that property. 
One day she’d come home from work to see a bunch of lumber piled up under the giant tree. A few days later there were numerous bags of cement in one corner of the property. Then a temporary 9-foot wire fence had gone up around the perimeter and sheets of canvas were hung to provide some privacy for the workers. She still hadn’t seen the person who was desperate enough to build there but the sign hanging off the fence said, “Camelot	 Construction” so at least it wasn’t a Kingston Brother project. How awkward would that have been? 
There wasn’t much noise at first so she’d watched the site with some fascination. She’d never seen a house being built before and she found herself actually looking forward to coming home from work or school and leaning over her balcony to assess the new developments. Her schedule prevented her from actually ever seeing any workmen leaving, which just made her more curious about what was going on behind that fence. She found it interesting to see the framework of an odd sort of house gradually forming under her window, just a little more every single day.
Then the noise had begun and her fascination had ended. She couldn’t see what was going on behind that fence unless she leaned far over her balcony, but she could hear it. The racket started between 7:00 and 7:30 most days. On weekends, she got a break and Mr. Happy Hammer waited until 8:00 but there was no way she could sleep or study or do anything without the ever-present noise driving her to distraction all day long.
This morning was the very last straw. It was Saturday morning and she’d been looking forward to sleeping in until at least 8:00 before the noise began. Of course that had been the plan until Thor had decided to make an early start at 7:15. She’d had enough. Living with her dad she’d become completely submissive to avoid confrontation but she was done with that nonsense. She was going to do something about this bastard’s inconsiderate behaviour. 
She would calmly and politely go over and ask the annoying man to refrain from making so much noise until a more considerate hour. She wouldn’t make a big deal about it; she’d just make a reasonable request of the jerk. She lived just 20 feet away from his construction sight, so there was no use making an enemy out of the ignorant fool. He might decide to make even more noise just to spite her
Too cynical? Maybe so. Perhaps he didn’t realize that the building was occupied. She was, after all, the only resident on this corner. Soleil was made up of 64 units and only 18 had people living in them so far. Most of the other occupants were on the grand top floor so they probably didn’t even hear all the construction noise, which explained why no one else had complained yet. 
Either way, she was going over there and standing up for herself. Her days of being a doormat were done. Starting now. Just as soon as she tamed her hair and found something to wear other than her Elmo pyjamas.
*****
James Kingston leaned back and wiped the sweat from his brow with his equally sweaty forearm. Dropping the handle of his trusty hammer to the ground, he flexed his cramped hand and looked around at his progress on the small house he was single-handedly building in the shadow of his biggest failure.
He’d shamelessly borrowed a bunch of Kingston Brothers’ equipment to get the foundation poured but everything else he’d done himself, including laying pipe for the plumbing and the wiring. Right now he was working on the framing and it was hard work without a crew to help him. A construction site was usually a noisy place, especially when his brothers were in the vicinity, but working on this project with only the sound of his hammer for company was oddly unsettling.
He felt a wave of panic wash over him as he thought about exactly how much work he would have to accomplish to get this project done before the weather made it impossible to continue. It was September now. If he was lucky he’d have a few more months before the constant northwest rain began. If he didn’t finish this place in time then he’d be stuck with it until next spring. A prospect he really couldn’t afford. He needed to sell this house as soon as possible if he wanted to avoid taking a loan or having to ask his family to help him out. An idea he refused to entertain.
He must have been insane to put his last few dollars into buying this crazy lot. He’d let his temper get the best of him a few months ago and walked out of his office portable and away from his family business in a fit of rage. He’d tried to reason with Jack but his brother had adamantly refused to listen to him so James had stomped off and bought this piece of property in an act of rebellion. He’d wanted something a little further away from Soleil but this was the only lot he could afford in Brookhaven Village, which he refused to leave, even though his family had been building on the former army base since it became zoned for building. The developer was a friend and had given him a great deal though he seriously doubted he would ever get fair market value for anything he built here. But it was a start and that was really all he needed to show his family that he didn`t need them to be successful.
He’d always hoped that he and Jack would be able to work together, like their dad would have wanted, and make Kingston Brothers a huge success, but as he grew older and more confident he started to feel resentment towards Jack`s domineering ways. The Soleil project blow-up had proved that they couldn’t work together unless he remained submissive to his brother and the truth was that he wasn’t prepared to play second banana any longer. 
His plan was to create his own successful construction empire separate from Jack and his brothers. A good idea in theory. He loved the idea of making his own decisions without waiting for feedback from everyone. What he hadn’t counted on was how much he missed his family. He and Jack hadn’t spoken since that day in his trailer and his brothers were firmly on Jack’s side in this rift between them. Serena had stopped by once, took one look at the bizarre house design like it was road-kill and just shook her head in confusion.
He’d spoken with Jeremy a few times since he’d walked out and his brother had reported that Jack was suitably enraged by his betrayal. James knew it looked bad but if his eldest brother had shown even one iota of respect for him he would have tried to make a more gradual exit from the family business. The way he saw it Jack had left him with no other option except to bail. 
Now he was completely alone and on the brink of financial disaster. All because he’d lost his temper. Again. Looking at the impossible task ahead of him he wished he’d just apologized and let it go. If he`d just managed to keep his temper under control, maybe he`d have been able to talk to Jack later when things were less heated. Now it was too late for that. He would make a success of Camelot Construction or die trying.
He’d always been a hard worker but it seemed like his life had been consumed by this project. If he wasn’t physically working on the house itself then he was going over the unusual plans Jeremy had designed for the lot. James didn’t have the equipment or the manpower to deal with the tree, so Jeremy had ingeniously created a U-shaped design that wrapped around the obstacle on three sides, creating a sort of courtyard effect. It was a bold design that Jack would have rejected immediately. Which, of course, made the idea of building it even more attractive to James. He desperately wanted to prove to his brother that he knew what he was doing. Even if he wasn’t completely convinced himself.
He was so busy that The Harem had given up on him entirely, due to his lack of availability. In truth, their abandonment had been a relief to him. After spending that memorable night in the truck with Lauren he’d lost interest in fucking for sport. No matter how beautiful or adventurous his regulars were, they just didn’t compare to Lauren. 
The connection he’d felt with the pretty brunette had made the sex incredible, but it was the sweetness of her that haunted him. He wanted that again. With someone. Obviously not her, since she’d pretty much booted his ass to the curb at the hospital but someone like her, with her innate kindness and serenity. Even if it had all been an illusion, he needed someone calm and gentle in his life who seemed to understand him, even if he wasn’t quite able to put his thoughts into words most of the time.
Shaking his head in disgust at his morose thoughts, he picked up his hammer and was just about to go back to work when he heard the creak of the gate opening. He looked up, half expecting Jack to be standing there preparing to let loose with another lecture but it wasn’t Jack staring down at him. A different but very similar set of green eyes smirked down at him as he nearly fell off the frame he’d been standing on in surprise.
“Jacob!” He said, completely shocked. “What the hell are you doing here? Why aren’t you chasing bad guys in Seattle?”
The youngest Kingston Brother walked carefully across the construction site in his steel-toed boots, smiling brightly as usual. “What can I say? Caught ‘em all my first six months on the job. Peace and order reigns in the Emerald City so I came home for a little visit.” He reached James and they man-hugged briefly, pounding each other on the back enthusiastically. 
When he pulled back the slightly smaller Kingston Brother gave James a wink. “What’s going on with you, Jimmy Dean? Jack says you’ve gone loco. Care to explain all this.” He spread his arms to indicate the framework of the house James was working on.
Born just a year apart, James and Jacob had always been closer to each other than the two older Kingston Brothers but they were about as different as two men could be and still be related. Jake possessed the dark hair, swarthy complexion and green eyes shared by all the men in their family. He was effortlessly charming, and always in a good mood. Women loved him and he loved them right back. He was, in short, everything James had always wanted to be but wasn’t. With his red hair, blue eyes and overall awkwardness James had always felt a bit like a changeling next to his three overconfident, loud-mouthed brothers.
“Not much to explain. Building a house. Wanna help?” James held out his hammer to his brother, who grabbed the handle and threw the hammer high up in the air.
James shook his head in amazement as Jake snatched a wrench and some pliers off a nearby saw-horse with one hand as he caught the hammer with the other. He began easily juggling all three items like it was the most natural thing in the world to be throwing around dangerous tools without wearing a hard-hat. Jack would have a cow if he could see this kind of potential hazard occurring on one of his sites. 
But Jack wasn’t here. 
This was James’ site and as nervous as it made him to watch that hammer fly through the air he was confident in Jacob’s ability to avoid injury. His younger brother had been handling tools since he was a toddler, after all, and had been juggling anything he could get his hands on since that one fateful trip to the circus in grade school. They were all extremely lucky he’d become a cop instead of a clown because that had been his life’s ambition until he was a teenager. That was when he discovered that girls really weren’t into red noses and floppy feet and had changed his career focus.
“Help? Why do you need help?” Jake shot James a teasing grin as he pivoted in a slow circle while still managing to keep all three objects in flight. “It’s just a house. What kind of pussy can’t build an entire damn house by himself? Jeez. You’re getting soft since you ventured out on your own. What’s next? Manicures? Hair gel? Actual vacations and lunch breaks?” He shook his head from side to side. “Man, no wonder Jack is pissed at you. You’re one lazy son of a bitch.”
James rolled his eyes at his brother’s sarcasm. “What can I say? I lack motivation.” He watched as Jacob raised one oversized, steel-toed boot until he was balancing on one leg while maintaining his juggling act. 
Jake suddenly snatched the wrench, pliers and hammer from the air and held them up over his head triumphantly. “Ta dah!” He cried and gave James an expectant look.
James clapped dutifully a few times. “Very impressive.”
“Ain’t I though?” Jacob tossed the tools back on the saw-horse and turned to his brother with a quizzical look. “Now, tell me. What is the plan exactly? Are you doing all this just to make Jack’s head explode? Or is there a method to your madness?”
James sighed and ran one saw-dust covered hand over his auburn hair. “What do you mean?”
“I mean, are you serious about going solo or is this just a ruse to teach Jack a lesson for being such a general dick-with-ears?”
James squinted up at the bright blue sky as he contemplated his response. “Well, I guess I’m serious about it. Pissing off Jack is really just a bonus.”
Jake laughed and punched him in the shoulder. “Pretty ballsy move, building on a lot right under his nose. Serena tells me he spends at least half his time glaring in this particular direction when he’s on site.” He pointed with his chin towards Soleil’s nearby structure which could be seen looming over the top of the fence.
James chuckled at the thought of Jack’s reaction to his close proximity. “Believe me. I wouldn`t have taken this lot if I could avoid it. Not exactly prime real estate. But it was all I could afford in the area. So, Jack is just going to have to deal with it.”
Jake raised his eyebrows at this. “So, you’re not just making a point? You’re done with Kingston Brothers? For reals?”
James reached for his bottle of water which was balanced on a nearby ledge. He took a long swig and shrugged. “I guess so. I mean, I didn’t want it this way but Jack didn’t really give me much of a choice.”
Jake slapped a palm to his own cheek to express his shock. “Wow. Can’t believe it. I always thought you were firmly in Jack’s back pocket.” 
James snorted. “Whatever gave you that idea?”
“Um. Maybe because you never said a word against him. Like ever.”
“Doesn’t mean I agreed with everything he did. Just didn’t say anything.” James walked past where his brother was standing and picked up his hammer from the saw-horse. Reaching up, he quickly used the forked side of the tool to remove some nails from one of the nearby frames that weren’t aligned perfectly. With quick, economical movements he re-positioned the nails and pounded them back into place.
Beside him, Jacob grabbed the nail gun from James’ nearby kit and went to work on another section adjacent to the one his brother was working on. The two men laboured silently together for a few minutes, falling into the familiar rhythm of building something from nothing.
Jacob paused when he spied James’ cooler under the tree. He walked over to investigate the contents but frowned with distaste when all he discovered was water instead of beer. He spun off the cap on a bottle and took a long drink anyway. After wiping his mouth with the sleeve of his black baseball shirt he studied his brother for a moment with a puzzled expression on his handsome face. “So what’s different now exactly? No offense, but you’ve said at least fifty words in the past fifteen minutes. I think that’s more than you spoke during your whole freshmen year in high school. I know chicks dig the whole mysterious, ‘strong but silent’ vibe you had going so why so Chatty-Cathy all of a sudden?”
James gave the nail he was pounding an extra hard whack and then shot his brother a disgusted look. “Seriously? You’ve been on my ass for years to be more talkative and now when I’m finally making an effort, you’re calling me Chatty-Cathy? I think I prefer being compared to Helen Keller.”
Jacob rolled his eyes. “You know what I mean. You’re not acting like yourself. The Jimmy Dean we all know and barely tolerate doesn’t make dramatic gestures like this.” He waved his hammer at the house. “So I figure you’re either drunk out of your ginger-skull and have lost all your many, many inhibitions. Or there’s a money-hungry woman involved who’s pushing you to be more assertive and ambitious.” He rubbed his stubbly chin with the thumb and index finger of one hand and studied his brother like he was a science experiment gone horribly wrong. 
James shifted uncomfortably from foot to foot. He enjoyed Jake’s company and had missed him like crazy since he’d been gone but he wasn’t used to having people interested in him and analyzing his behaviour. This was exactly why he’d spent most of his life avoiding any kind of activity that would draw attention. And now his little brother, who was usually happy to do most or all the talking, was expecting him to explain himself. He wasn’t even sure what he was doing, so how the hell could he explain it to Jake?
James gave an exasperated sigh. “Is it really so hard to believe that I’m doing this because I want to own my own business?”
“Ummm… no, I get that part. I’m the guy who left the family business to pursue his own dream, remember? But you’ve never even mentioned wanting to do anything else but be Jack’s right-hand man.” He pointed to himself with the head of his hammer. “I’ve always done my own thing. Jack put up with it because I’m one helluva carpenter but deep-down no one expected me to be his Number Two because I suck at taking orders.”
“No kidding. Telling you what to do is like herding cats. I’m sure your sergeant is cursing the day you were admitted to the police academy.” James muttered.
Jacob sniffed. “I’m going to ignore that.  But the fact remains that not everyone can be an alpha. The world needs betas too and that’s what we all assumed you’d be. Jack’s beta.” James growled at this. “Relax. I said Jack’s beta, not his bitch. We’re talking about pack mentality not prison mentality.”
“Nice that everyone assumed I’d settle for being Jack’s puppet.”
Jacob shook his head. “Ok. Maybe that wasn’t fair but you’ve allowed yourself to be groomed for that role since you were old enough to hold a hammer and now you’re telling me you never wanted it? I say, ‘Bullshit!’ There’s something else going on. My awesome detective skills tell me that it has something to do with your dick.” He looked meaningfully down at James’ groin. 
James lowered his hammer to waist level. “My dick had nothing to do with this.”
“Oh, please.” Jacob scoffed. “Your dick is all over this.”
“Nice image.” James lowered his voice. “Do you think you could possibly stop saying ‘dick’? Sound carries and we’re in the middle of a family-freaking-friendly neighbourhood. I’d prefer it if all the kids around here don’t start talking like you.”
“Fine. Your trouser python then.”
“Not what I meant.”
“Whatever. All I want to know is what’s caused this dramatic personality change? If you weren’t some kind of repressed Amish teetoler at work I’d guess you were developing a nice little alcohol or drug dependency to explain your whole Invasion of the Body Snatchers-type behaviour. But since you stubbornly refuse to drink on the job, I’m betting that you’ve done the unthinkable and fallen for one of your freaky harem girls. Hence, all the dick talk.”
James snorted. “Hardly. The Harem is defunct. Has been for months.”
Jacob’s smile brightened disturbingly at this piece of news. “Seriously? You dumped all three?” He shook his head in fake sympathy that was completely ruined by the gleeful glint in his eyes. “Those poor girls. Someone should really comfort them.” 
James gave his brother a dark look. “Just for your information, I didn’t dump anyone. It was a mutual thing.”
“Meaning what? You had a mature and honest conversation about what all four of you wanted in a relationship and came to a mutual decision to part ways? Or you just stopped showing up for your regular booty calls and let them draw their own conclusions?”
James nearly dropped his hammer. How did his usually obtuse little brother come to such an unnervingly accurate conclusion? Was he really that transparent? 
“Well? Which was it?” Jacob asked, watching James with an irritatingly knowing grin.
James threw his hands up in exasperation. “Alright. I admit it. I stopped showing up. But none of them was broken-hearted about it. I’m sure they never gave me a second thought.”
“And how do you know that exactly? Since you probably haven’t talked to any of them since the last time you serviced them.”
James ducked his head and turned back to the job at hand. “Serviced them? That’s real sexy. And who are you to talk? I haven’t noticed you taking a vow of celibacy. You’ve had more ass than a proctologist.”
Jake stopped smiling and glared at his brother. “And now I’m suddenly wishing you’d take a vow of silence again. Mute James was way easier to deal with.”
“Listen. Never mind the Harem. They’d eat you alive.” Jacob snorted at this. “As for my ‘dramatic personality change,’ everyone is making a much bigger deal of this than I expected. The truth is that I’ve been planning a solo venture for years. That blow-out with Jack about the lights just moved up my timetable.”
Jacob looked stricken. “What are you saying? You’ve just been using the family business, the one dad built, to hone your skills until you could get enough money together to get away from us?”
“Jesus. No. What are you talking about? I purposely bought the worst lot in the middle of this development so I could remain close to my family. It’s Jack who’s keeping this feud going. Personally, I kind of miss you pricks.”
Jacob looked relieved. “And the fact that being close also enables you to borrow equipment and employees that you’re sad little company can’t afford is just a bonus, right?” He looked meaningfully at the cement mixer with the ‘Kingston Bros.’ logo on the side.
James grinned sheepishly. “Well, yeah. That too. But mostly I’m just waiting for Jack to come around. Then things will go back to normal. At least outside of work. I never meant to cause a permanent rift in the family.”
“Whew. Just checking. I thought I was going to have to kick your over-developed ass. Mom is already fit for a rubber-room over Thanksgiving. She wants us all to be together. You know, like the friggin’ Waltons or something.”
James grinned at this comment. “We’ll work it out. We always do.” He looked up at the apartment building he’d help build but was now off-limits. “It was just time to move on. You get that, right?”
 Jacob nodded and then his expression turned crafty. “So that girl. The one you left with at the auction. She has nothing to do with this?”
James went still as he stared at his brother. “How the hell do you know about that?”
“I knew your dick was involved.” Jacob crowed, rubbing his hands together with glee. “Serena, told me about it, of course. She said that you were actually able to speak actual words to the little brunette who bought your ass. Ergo. There must be something special about her. So I thought you may have done all this,” he pointed at the structure they were working on, “to impress her. So, what happened with her? Did her pussy possess the magical power of speech, or what?” 
James looked away. How did he explain that, in a way, he actually had done all this for Lauren? Not to impress her but because being with her that night had made him realize how unhappy he was being Jack’s subordinate. Despite years of practice the role of underling still didn’t come naturally to him and since leaving her at the hospital he’d realized that he would never be content taking orders from his brother or anyone else. Trying to fit into the role dictated to him by his family was turning him into a basket-case with rage issues who couldn’t even talk without letting his resentment seep through. No wonder she’d lost interest in him so quickly. 
He wanted to be the type of man that would impress a girl like Lauren enough to want more than a one-night stand. Meaning, he wanted to stop going through life like a ghost, afraid to express a contrary opinion because his difficulty speaking might make him look like a fool, or worse, be misunderstood. He wanted to be his own man, make his own decisions. Be free to fail and maybe, just maybe, have the opportunity to discover that he was capable of being a success outside the insulated world of Kingston Bros. 
James shook his head. “I haven’t seen her since that night. Didn’t even get her last name. So, all this,” he tapped his hammer against the Camelot Construction sign hanging from the nearby fence, “would be a huge waste if I’d done it for her.”
Jacob held his hands up like he was directing traffic to a stop. “Let me get this straight. You were actually able to talk to her and you let her get away? Did something heavy fall on your oversized red head? She’s literally one in a million if you were able to pry open your jaws and do more than mumble in her presence, so why did you let her get away?”
James shrugged. “I didn’t let her get away. She didn’t give me a choice.”
Jake snorted. “Spoken like a true beta.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” James growled.
“It means that you can’t give up so easily if you’re determined to be an alpha. That is obviously your objective here and being the Big Dog means you set the rules and all the other puppies have to live by them or get pissed on.”
“What are you? A cop or a dog trainer?”
“I’m the all-knowing voice of experience and reason.”
“Jeez. You move to the city for a year and you think that makes you an expert in human behaviour?”
Jacob nodded and tried to look mysterious. “The city. It changes a man. Hones his survival instincts and heightens his perception. Gets him in touch with the predator within.”
James turned his back and made gagging noises. “Umm… weren’t you on traffic duty? Not a lot of survival instincts required to eat donuts in your patrol car.”
Jacob looked put out. “Very funny. Traffic duty only lasted the first few months. I got involved in some pretty heavy situations after that.” His expression darkened. “So trust me I know a lot about people now. Too much.”
James stopped working long enough to stare at his suddenly serious brother. “Do these ‘heavy situations’ have anything to do with why you’re here, pounding nails, instead of honing your predatory instincts in the city?”
Jacob didn’t look up from the piece of lumber he was currently pounding the shit out of. “I don’t want to talk about it,” he muttered.
James felt his eyebrows shoot up towards his hairline in surprise. His brother rarely had an unexpressed thought. Ever. “That’s a first. You sure?”
“Damn. What are we? A couple of chicks? Yes, I’m absolutely certain I don’t want to talk about it. And you, out of everyone on the planet, should understand that.” Jacob lifted his eyes long enough to glare in James’ general direction.
James held out his hands in surrender. “Whoah. Just curious. Don’t arrest me, Officer.”
Jacob’s fierce expression softened. “Sorry. I came here to see what was going on with you but mostly to get away from everyone prying into why I’m not at work.” He rubbed the back of his neck. “Our family is nosy as hell. Have you noticed that?”
James chuckled. “Hard to miss. But you’re always welcome here. You know that. No explanations or conversation required.”
Jacob looked relieved as he grinned across the structure at his brother. “Thanks, man. So, do you want me to use my awesome detective skills to find this girl for you? You know she won’t remain hidden long if I’m on the case, right? You two could be sharing this weird little shack in no time. All thanks to me.”
James groaned. “No, I don’t want you stalking her. She isn’t interested in seeing me again. Believe me. As for this weird little house, it needs to get sold, pronto. So can we get some work done without all this damn chit-chat?”
Jacob nodded in approval. “Now, you’re starting to sound like an alpha.” 
James threw a handful of sawdust in his brother’s direction. It missed by a mile.
Jacob’s laughter rang out behind him as James ducked his head and went back to work. “Smartass,” he muttered, which just made Jacob laugh harder. 
The two men spent the rest of the day, working together mostly in companionable silence, as they’d done so many times together while growing up on construction sites.
It was the best day James could remember having in a very long time. His doubts regarding his new venture began to slip away and he suddenly started to feel like he hadn’t made a gigantic mistake leaving the family business behind him. With his brother’s help this house would be up for sale long before he went broke. 
If he could just stop thinking about that damn girl from the auction every single time his mind wandered, his future might just start to look like a success story rather than an epic tragedy. 
Chapter Nine
Saturday Night
Lauren didn’t make it over to the construction site as planned. After a quick shower and a few minutes of fretting about it she simply lost her nerve. As much as she wanted to be bold and lay down the law to Mr. Happy Hammer it just wasn’t in her to approach a stranger and be rude. Even if she had every right to complain about his ignorant behaviour.
Her decision to leave her confrontation with the inconsiderate construction worker for another day had been cemented when she’d only heard intermittent hammering and the unmistakeable sound of male laughter coming from behind the canvas-covered fence. 
She couldn’t quite make out the entire conversation, but she was fairly certain that she’d heard the word ‘dick’ at least once. It was obvious from the murmur of deep voices drifting up to her balcony that there were at least two men down there. The last thing she wanted was to challenge a crowd of macho Neanderthals regarding their questionable timing, so she’d talked herself into letting it go for now. Her day promised to be emotional enough without adding a heated confrontation to her stress level. 
She’d spent most of day and part of the evening at the storage locker where she’d shipped all of her parents’ things after she sold the house. There wasn’t room in her condo for the boxes from the dusty attic and she hadn’t had time or the energy to deal with organizing them before now, but she couldn’t afford to keep the locker indefinitely. She needed to make some decisions regarding what she wanted to keep and what could be sold or thrown out.
Wading through mountains of neglected boxes, she’d come across countless baby pictures and school report cards. There were mystery arts and crafts projects carefully packed away like treasured masterpieces and even a few beloved childhood storybooks. In one small box she’d discovered some unexpectedly passionate love letters her dad had written to her mom while he was away at college. 
Her mom had saved all of this but left it behind when she’d abandoned them after the accident. Lauren wasn’t quite sure why she would be so diligent about preserving all these sentimental items for years and then just leave them behind so callously. If she ever talked to her mom again she would definitely ask her how she could leave her past behind so easily. Lauren often felt trapped by her own dark secrets – her history of drug and alcohol abuse as a teenager in particular haunted her – so she would appreciate some advice on living in the present rather than dwelling in the past.
She had no idea where her mom was now so her motivation for preserving all these memories would remain a mystery but it made Lauren wonder if perhaps her mother still thought of her from time to time. She must have cared somewhat to go to all this trouble to keep these items intact.
All the little mementos from their life together seemed to indicate a happy and loving family. This wasn’t how she remembered growing up at all. The coldness and hostility between her parents had been so profound by the time she was a teenager it was hard to believe these two people had ever been young and passionately in love at one time. But it made her happy to know that they hadn’t always hated each other. 
She did notice that her mom abruptly stopped collecting things right around the time her dad was promoted to Senior Account Manager at his firm. Lauren was in grade five at the time and she remembered her dad announcing his new job, expecting enthusiasm from her mom, but was met with flat-out hostility instead. That was when he stopped being present in their lives and the tension between her parents began seeping into every single interaction they shared. Not a single item was saved after this point. Which made sense given that no one saves the souvenirs from bad memories in a box. They live on without the necessity of physical reminders.
As a result of this sentimental journey down memory lane Lauren was feeling pretty overwhelmed and fragile by the time she got home. She had slipped into her cupcake-printed shorty pyjamas and removed her tear-streaked make-up the moment she got home. All she`d wanted to do was phase out and escape to another world for a few hours via the television.
The construction seemed to have ended so she was looking forward to an uneventful evening of lounging on her small purple micro suede sectional, watching some Netflix and enjoying a bowl of Mint Moose Tracks ice cream in the blessedly hammer-free silence. She was just getting comfortable when she heard the very out-of-place and very loud sound of rushing water coming from the courtyard below. 
She sat up and set the bowl of delicious melting green goo on the mirrored coffee table.
“What’s that sound, Brute?” Lauren whispered to her cat, Brutus, who was stretched out on the back of the sofa. The alarmed expression on his feline features and perked ears indicated that he did, indeed, hear the loud hissing coming from the open bedroom window of her condo and he was not happy about the disturbance.
Grumbling to herself about irritating landscapers who turned on the sprinklers full blast at 9pm when people were trying to catch up on their Mad Men, she got up off the sofa and walked into the bedroom where she’d left the window and blinds open so Brutus could climb up onto her dresser and get some fresh air if he felt so inclined.
Just as she was reaching up to slam the window shut to block out some of the noise, the hissing was suddenly overshadowed by the piercing shriek of the fire alarm.
The unexpected sound of the bell was so piercing and shocking that her mind went completely blank. For several seconds she couldn’t for the life of her think what to do. Like an idiot she just stood there, looking out into the darkness and trying to comprehend what was happening. 
Eventually her survival instincts kicked in and she was able to move again. Everything in her urged her to just mindlessly flee as fast as her fuzzy-slippered feet could carry her but she forced herself to think rationally. She couldn’t smell smoke or gas so this was most likely just a test or a false alarm. But what if it wasn’t? What if she was in real danger? 
Turning away from the window she spied Brutus trying to squirm his fat little body under her platform bed to escape the noise. If he got under there he’d be impossible to get out without dislodging the entire mattress and she wasn’t strong enough to maneuver that queen-sized bastard on her own.
Without a single thought, she lurched towards him and as gently as possible snatched him up in her arms. Brutus, usually the gentlest of cats, freaked completely out and clawed her arm viciously but she hung on to him with ragged determination as she headed towards the front door of her condo. 
She grabbed her purse off one of the barstools that was tucked under the white granite peninsula in her kitchen and a long black coat from the hall closet. She shrugged into the coat, somehow managing to hold onto the squirming cat.
Even with the alarm shrieking in her ears she could hear Brutus making a spooky sound she’d never heard before. It was a cross between a hiss and a low groan. This sound unnerved her way more than the possibility of a real emergency. It seemed odd that her sweet cat was even capable of making such an awful racket but she hoped he would settle down once she got him outside. 
 Looking down for some shoes, she saw Brutus’ carrier on the floor of the closet. She dragged it out and tried to maneuver the yowling cat inside. She received yet another deep scratch for her trouble, this time on her neck but she finally managed to contain the struggling, ungrateful beast inside the carrier. 
Picking the carrier up by the shoulder-strap, she slung it and her purse across her back and approached the door. Quickly, she felt it to see if it was warm. No sign of heat emanated from the wood so she opened it a crack and peered out. It didn’t seem possible that the alarm was even louder in the hall, but she couldn’t see any smoke or fire. It appeared to be safe.
Lauren flung open her door and stepped through. Rushing down the hall, she heard Brutus’ claws scratching frenziedly against the interior of the soft-sided carrier. He was clearly terrified but she couldn’t leave him behind no matter how stupid it seemed to be struggling with him like this. Her hand and her neck stung like crazy from the scratches he’d administered but she didn’t give a damn. That chubby ball of orange fur was all she had left. There was no way she was going to leave him in that condo to burn or get blown up. He could slice her and the carrier to ribbons before she’d let that happen. 
She pushed open the door at the end of the long corridor and fled down the stairs like she was being chased. She met a very young couple in the stairwell who looked as shell-shocked as she felt. Their eyes were wide with terror as they navigated the lobby together and headed out into the blessedly cool night. 
Relieved to be out of danger, Lauren followed her fleeing neighbours across the tree-lined courtyard to the relative shelter of the small pergola that graced the centre of the grounds. Several benches and large grey pots containing various lush flowers were spread out sporadically throughout the park-like setting and small indirect lights lit up the cobblestone path.  
Within a few minutes of the alarm going off all the residents of Soleil were huddled together under the pergola looking for some signs of fire or smoke as they observed from a safe distance. There were about two dozen people standing around in various stages of undress, the fear in their expression rapidly turning into annoyance as the fire alarm continued to screech unabated. One distinguished looking gentleman in a Hugh Hefner-inspired smoking jacket finally called the fire department on his cell phone and was reassured that they were on their way.
Lauren stood alone on the steps leading down from the pergola, somewhat separate from the others. She suspected she must look like a crazed bag lady with her long coat, oversized purse, bare legs and fuzzy slippers. Add the yowling cat-in-the-box to that image and it was no wonder the others were keeping a wide berth from her.
In his carrier, Brutus was still struggling and making that god-awful noise. She could feel blood dripping down her hand and her shoulder from the wounds he’d inflicted but she hoped the coat would camouflage her injuries. The people surrounding her were traumatized enough without the sight of blood sending them into full-on panic mode.
Hoping to calm the cat by getting him as far away from the fire alarm as possible, Lauren picked up the carrier, carefully walked down the steps and crossed the cobblestone courtyard. Here the shrillness of the alarm was slightly muted but the hissing sound she’d heard from her bedroom window was more pronounced.
Curious, she looked down the ramp towards the parking garage. At the bottom of the incline there was a T-juncture with a security gate on the right which prevented intruders from gaining access to the residents’ cars but on the left there was an ungated visitor parking area. The hissing sound was definitely coming from the unsecured section to the left.
Lauren prided herself on being a logical, cautious person so she knew it wasn’t smart to investigate the odd sound on her own. There could be a gas leak or who knows what else but she couldn’t seem to help herself. Too fascinated to ignore the strange sound, she began walking down the concrete ramp to the underground parking garage. She`d driven down here at least fifty times and never noticed how much the gaping cavern resembled the open mouth of some gigantic, hungry beast. This unnerving thought slowed her steps slightly but she kept going. 
Looking down the long ramp she was shocked to see an expanding lake of water at the bottom of the incline. She walked down as far as the puddle would allow and looked to the left, peering into the dim garage, trying to see exactly where the water was originating from. 
The first thing she noticed about the cave-like parking structure was the graffiti. Large, ugly black scrawls of words she couldn’t understand covered the grey cement walls. She was appalled to see that there were several stylized swastikas and a huge death-head painted on the ceiling. She had never seen graffiti depicting so much hate and hostility. Looking at it made her feel oddly frightened. Like the person who made this mess was capable of enormous violence if given the chance.
Momentarily distracted by the awful graffiti she finally focused in on the fact that she wasn’t alone. There was a small, blonde boy of about ten standing at the far end of the underground parking area. At first she was concerned because he was surrounded on three sides by great geysers of water that were streaming down from the ceiling. Then she noticed the huge hammer in his hand and the way he was staring up at the waterfalls created by the damaged sprinkler heads with pleased excitement. She could hardly believe it but she’d just caught the culprit in the act. And he was a child. 
Was this really happening?
“Hey,” she called, “what are you doing? Stop that.” 
He turned and looked at her. The pleased expression on his face shifted to what appeared to be anger and disappointment rather than fear or surprise. Lauren found this more unnerving than the hateful graffiti. What kind of child was this exactly?
She stepped towards the boy, but the water had crept up in the short time she’d been standing there. It was at least a foot deep now. She set the carrier down out of harm’s way, kicked off her slippers and waded in. What she hadn’t counted on was the temperature. The water was so incredibly cold that she let out a little shriek when it splashed up around her bare legs.
The boy gave her a contemptuous look and then threw the hammer against the wall. It made a loud clanging as it hit the cement and sparks flew. These were quickly extinguished by the torrents of water flowing around his feet. 
Lauren watched helplessly as the boy scurried up the nearby concrete steps at the opposite end of the visitor parking garage with rabbit-like speed and agility.
“Hey,” she called helplessly as she stepped back from the chilly water and started running back up the ramp, hoping to head him off before he reached the surface. Slipping her wet feet back into her slippers she picked up the carrier and accidentally jostled Brutus who let out a particularly blood-curdling yowl. Adjusting her gait to a fast walk she pursued the boy as quickly as she could. When she reached the top there was no sign of him but there was now a large, black truck parked beside the gazebo and the faint sound of sirens could be heard, screeching in the distance.
A tall, dark-haired, very pissed-off looking man was exiting the truck. She stopped in her tracks when she recognized him. The ruggedly handsome features and jaw-dropping body were a dead giveaway – this had to be yet another gorgeous Kingston Brother.
She hesitated, not really wanting to draw attention to herself and her odd appearance, but unable to rationalize not sharing the information she’d just stumbled upon. The choice was quickly taken away from her when the handsome giant noticed her standing at the top of the driveway, trying to catch her breath after scurrying up the ramp.
He gave her a puzzled look as he approached. “Are you ok? You’re bleeding.” He reached out and pointed to her neck.
Nearly panting with exertion, she shook her head and tried to make her voice sound normal. “Never mind that. I saw him. Downstairs. With a hammer. There’s water everywhere.”
The mystery Kingston Brother, Jack probably, looked down the ramp. He cursed viciously when he saw the growing lake rippling under the parking garage lights. There were drains in the cement floor but the water was accumulating too quickly to prevent it from starting to flow past the gate and into the residents’ parking garage.
“You saw who did this?” He growled, pointing down the ramp.
She nodded vigorously.
“Stay here,” he growled as he turned away from her. “Point the fire guys down here when they arrive, ok?”
Lauren watched, mouth agape, as he sprinted down the incline and into the icy, knee-high water. Water splashed upwards, darkening his jeans as he waded to the left and out of sight. 
She heard yet another muttered curse as he noticed the graffiti. And then a much louder “Fuck me” as he saw just how extensive the damage to the sprinkler system was and the sheer volume of water gushing from the ceiling pipes.
She was so busy trying to decipher Jack’s movements over the sound of both the rushing water and the fire alarm that she failed to notice when another truck pulled up at the top of the ramp. A green truck that looked somewhat familiar.
Lauren turned her head when she heard the truck door slam shut. The driver had left his headlights on so they shone down into the parking garage, illuminating the new unwanted swimming pool where the visitor parking garage should have been.
She held up her hand to ward off the glare. She could just make out a man’s tall form approaching. Squinting, she tried to identify if he was a police officer or a fire fighter but all she could see was the silhouette of broad shoulders and very long legs. 
“Lauren?” The masculine shape said, stepping in front of her to block the blinding light.
Blinking as her eyes adjusted, she looked directly into the gorgeous, shocked face of James Kingston. 
Chapter Ten
Over the past four months, James had fantasized about seeing Lauren again about a thousand times. In those daydreams, she’d usually been at least partially undressed and thrilled to see him.
Never once, in all the times he’d imagined them running into each again, had he envisioned the genuine look of horror on her face when she recognized him walking down the ramp towards her. Her expression was so clearly dismayed that he’d nearly flinched and swerved away in the opposite direction. Somehow he managed to remember that he wasn’t a shy, nervous loser anymore and he kept walking down the ramp while keeping his own expression neutral, with just a hint of a cocky smile that even Jacob would have been proud of.
With more than a little belligerence he scanned her from head to foot and his fake smile broadened with true amusement. He couldn’t help himself. She looked fucking adorable.
For one thing her long dark hair was piled on top of her head in a loose bun about the size of grapefruit. Silky tendrils had escaped along the sides of her make-up free face and the nape of her neck, giving her an endearingly rumpled, disheveled look that made him instantly think of morning-after-fantastic-sex, bed-head. 
Then there was the coat. The garment seemed to be several sizes too large on her petite frame and it flapped around her in the breeze like bat wings. Beneath the coat he could make out what looked like several miles of long, smooth legs. He took his time looking at these mouth-watering limbs, wondering if she could possibly be naked under there, until he noticed the very pink and very fuzzy slippers on her feet. They appeared to be soaking wet, which didn’t make sense considering it hadn’t rained in several days.
More questions crowded into his mind as he saw that she was carrying both a purse and what looked like a small, pink, flat-bottomed suitcase. And why was the suitcase yowling?
“Lauren. What are you doing here?” He spotted the line of bright, red blood trickling down her neck. “Are you ok?” Reaching out he wrapped his fingers around her arm to reassure himself that she wasn’t seriously injured. 
“Just a scratch,” she said over the din of the fire alarm and what sounded like rushing water. And those piercing howls. Her expression softened slightly at his concern but she didn’t explain her presence. Or return his amused smile.
His perusal of Lauren’s odd appearance was interrupted by Jack’s enraged roar from down below.
“Don’t fucking touch her,” Jack shouted from the bottom of the ramp.
James reluctantly shifted his focus away from Lauren and towards his irate brother who was soaking wet from the knees down. He was stomping towards them, carrying a hammer with murder in his eyes. Looking past Lauren for the first time, James noticed the water creeping up the ramp.
“What the hell?” He muttered as he gently pushed Lauren behind him to protect her from his apparently unhinged brother who was approaching like a freight train.
Jack pointed the hammer at him. “I can’t believe you would go this far. Did you think I wouldn’t recognize this?” He shook the tool at James. 
James didn’t have to study the hammer to know it was his. He’d recognize its engraved design anywhere. “What’s that doing over here?”
“As if you didn’t know.”
Realization dawned and James gaped at his brother. “You think I did this?”
Jack’s already enraged expression turned thunderous. “Why else would your hammer be at the scene of the crime?”
James shook his head. “I have no fucking idea.”
“Then why are you manhandling the only witness? She saw you down there. Were you trying to scare her into not to say anything?”
James looked over his shoulder at Lauren whose face was a perfect mask of surprise. “You told him I did this?” He asked her quietly.
She shook her head and stepped out from behind him. She threw her purse on the ground and gently placed the larger, pink case at her feet. “No, not him,” she said to Jack, speaking slowly and carefully. “The boy did this.” She pointed down towards the swirling water.
Both men stared at her blankly.
“What boy?” Jack asked. “And how do you know Jimmy here if you didn’t see him bashing the shit out of the sprinklers?” He added suspiciously.
James rolled his eyes. “Does it really matter? She’s telling you that I didn’t do this. Though why you’d think it was me, I have no idea.”
Jack’s tanned face turned red with fury. “Because this was down there,” he shook the hammer, “and you clearly want to sabotage Kingston Bros.”
James threw up his hands in disgust. “You’ve gone off the deep end, Jack. I would never purposely do anything to harm one of your projects. Especially one that I helped build. Besides, I just got here.” Jack gave him a stubbornly doubtful look. “Ask Jacob. We were at the Brookhaven Pub. He had a few too many so I just drove him home and then came back here to secure my site for the night.” He pointed across the courtyard at the Camelot Construction sign hanging from the fence.
Lauren gave him an incredulous look. “That’s your construction site?” She interrupted. “You’re Mr. Happy Hammer?” Her big blue-green eyes widened in disbelief.
James felt his mouth stretching into a grin at the description. “It’s my site. As for my hammer, it’s not looking too happy right now.” He reached for the item in question, which Jack was still holding. 
Jack yanked the hammer out of reach. “Not a chance. This is evidence.”
James sighed. “Pretty sure the police won’t be interested in it after it’s had your paws all over it. It’s not like it’s a murder weapon.”
Lauren nodded vigorously. “The boy. He threw it in the water anyway. To get rid of any fingerprints.”
“How do you know that?” James asked, baffled.
“I saw him do it. I went down to the parking garage to investigate the hissing noise and I stumbled across him in the act.”
James closed his eyes and rubbed his forehead in frustration. “You went down there by yourself? Do you have any idea how dangerous that could have been?”
Lauren stuck her chin out defiantly and cocked her adorable thumb in Jack’s direction. “He did it too. I wasn’t the only one.”
Jack’s eyes bugged out. “It’s my building,” he spluttered, “I have every right to secure the perimeter.”
She glared back at Jack. “Well, it’s my building too. And what was I supposed to do? Just stay put and ignore the weird hissing noise?”
James and Jack both nodded vigorously, suddenly in perfect agreement. 
“Yes, that’s exactly what you should do.” James said, staring her down. “Or better yet, wait for the firefighters or the cops to investigate before you go near the scene. Period.”
She gave him a dirty look. “And if I did that, who would be your alibi right now? He,” she jerked her thumb at Jack again, “would still be accusing you of being the vandal and with your hammer at the scene, he’d probably have a pretty good case, I’d say. So maybe going down there wasn’t such a bad idea. Unless you LIKE going to prison for a crime you didn’t commit.”
James narrowed his eyes and glared down at her. She glowered right back. Their gazes locked and held. 
His jeans suddenly felt extremely tight in the crotch area as he briefly fantasized about just throwing her over his shoulder, purse and weird yowling suitcase included, and heading back to his truck for a repeat performance of the night of the auction. Even with all the noise, chaos and people around them he had never felt more turned on in his entire life. Even the sight of Jack’s annoyed face, usually a major boner-killer, didn’t have any effect on his raging hard-on.
Jack cleared his throat to gain their attention and the spell was broken. They both turned towards him.  
“Did you recognize him?” Jack asked Lauren.
“Who?” Her heated look cooled a few degrees but she continued to shoot daggers in James’ direction.
Jack rolled his eyes. “The boy. The one who apparently wielded this,” he held up the hammer, “to create the damn underground lake downstairs?” His tone said that he was still somewhat doubtful that the culprit even existed.
Lauren shook her head regretfully. “No, I’ve never seen him before but I’ve only lived here a month.”
James nearly choked. “Wait. You live here? Where?” He’d spent the past four months trying to figure out a non-stalkerish way of tracking her down and she’d been practically under his nose for the past month. Coincidence? Or was something or someone else at work here? A certain pushy blonde perhaps?
“Right there.” She pointed to a second floor balcony. The unit she pointed to was approximately twenty feet away from his building site.
He shook his head. “That’s not possible. Serena was supposed to sell the units on the other side first. This side is vacant.”
Lauren gave him yet another annoyed look. “I assure you. I live right there. Serena insisted that this would be the best unit for me. And it was. Until you started pounding away from dawn ‘til dusk.”
James suddenly imagined himself pounding away from dusk ‘til dawn but not with his hammer. His dick twitched in his jeans in agreement as he stared down at her flushed cheeks and slightly open lips. She was so irritated that she was practically panting.
He should have been put off by her anger but for some reason it just enflamed him. If they were alone right then, instead of in the middle of an emergency, he would have kissed that mulish expression right off her face and had her purring with pleasure in about ten seconds flat. 
Shaking his head, he tried to clear his mind of distractingly dirty thoughts and focus on the situation at hand. Glancing around he noticed that two fire trucks had just pulled up in front of Soleil and firefighters were moving around the scene with practised ease. 
A crowd of curious onlookers gathered on the main street, watching the proceedings with rapt fascination as a police car pulled in with its lights flashing. The squad car stopped in the alleyway next to his building site, parked, and two uniformed officers stepped out of the squad car.  
Jack caught the eye of the older cop and waved him over. As the pair approached he turned to James. “If you’re done interfering, then you can go back to your little Lego house. I’ve got this.” He gave a little dismissive wave with James’s hammer.
James glared at his brother but Mr. Boss-man was too busy taking command of the situation with the police to notice. Grasping Lauren by the elbow James tugged her a few steps away from his obnoxious brother. “Would you mind telling them exactly what you saw? They’ll need a description of the boy. And anything else you can think of.” 
Lauren nodded. “Of course.”
 “Thanks. Now, while Jack’s throwing his weight around I’m just going to run over to my site and see if there’s any sign of that kid.”
Anger forgotten, she shot him a worried glance. “Why?”
He shrugged “I want to see if he did any damage while he was shopping for tools.”
She bit her lip and looked up at him doubtfully. “Should you be doing that? I mean, alone? Why don’t you take the police with you?”
He grinned down at her, secretly thrilled that she seemed concerned for his safety. “Not necessary. He’s just a kid. I think I can handle myself.”
“You didn’t see him. He was creepy.” She shivered and pulled the giant coat tighter around her.
Unable to help himself from touching her, he rubbed her upper arms in a gesture that was meant to be comforting but was actually just an excuse to put his hands on her in any capacity. “Got it. I’ll beware of the scary-looking kid.”
She shook her head. “He wasn’t scary-looking at all. In fact, he was adorable. That was the weird part. He looked like the most clean-cut, angelic kid in the world. Until you looked into his eyes. They were dead. Like a shark’s.”
He tried to match her serious expression but a grin stole across his face at her dramatic description. “Um. Yeah. I’ll be really careful if I run into shark-boy. Now, they’ll probably shut off the alarm and give the all clear to go back inside soon. Wait here until I get back, okay?”
She looked confused. “Why? It’s getting really cold out here and I need to get Brutus back inside as soon as the noise stops.” She pointed to the twitching pink case at her feet. “He’s going to need a very small strait-jacket as it is.”
James crouched down until he could peer into the front of the case. Baleful yellow eyes stared back at him and a low growl worthy of a mountain lion emanated from the confines of the carrier. He was suddenly reminded of a certain zombie cat from that old Stephen King novel about the Indian burial ground. But he wasn’t going to tell Lauren that her cat looked and smelled like a former Pet Sematary resident.
“I’m not exactly sure what that thing is but it’s not happy. You’re definitely going to need help unloading him. So, wait for me and I’ll protect you from the hairy troll.”
She frowned at him. “He’s a cat, not a sabre-tooth tiger. I’ll manage.”
“You obviously haven’t seen your neck. Looks like you just lost a fight with Freddy Krueger.”
She touched her neck. “It’s not that bad.”
He grabbed her hand and held it up so she could see the deep scratches along the base of her thumb. “Look at this. That beast is a menace. No way should you be unloading him without a whip and a chair. Maybe a tranquilizer gun. And a paper bag.”
She scowled up at him; obviously pissed that he was insulting her cat. “He was just upset. He didn’t mean to do it. And I’ll thank you not to keep calling him a ‘thing.’ He’s sensitive about his weight.”
He sighed. “Do you at least have a first aid kit?”
She looked uncertain. “No.”
He touched the scratch on her neck with the tip of one finger. “You’re going to need one to avoid a nasty infection. And I just happen to have one at my site. I’ll bring it over and help you wrestle The Brute out of his travel cave as soon as I’m done over there. Five minutes, I swear.”
“His name is Brutus, not ‘brute’,” she hissed, slapping his hand away.
He rolled his eyes. “Just stay here, okay?”
She started to protest but he just gave her an exasperated look. 
Placing his big hand on her slim shoulder he pulled her in close and spoke as gently as possible. “Listen, I abandoned you once when you obviously needed help. I’m not going to do that again, so you might as well just give in and agree to wait for me. Don’t make me climb your balcony and risk getting arrested twice in one night. Okay?”
He didn’t know why, but her response meant more to him than he would ever believe possible. He held his breath, hoping she was feeling the same strong sense of connection that he’d felt the moment he saw her standing in the middle of the parking garage ramp. She’d looked so small and alone, standing there in her odd outfit, like a lost child. If it hadn’t been for the womanly curves beneath the giant black coat, that is. 
He’d recognized her instantly, even though he hadn’t seen her in months. For some reason, he hadn’t been all that surprised to see her. It was like a part of him knew he would see her again, and had just been dormant, waiting for the opportunity to come alive in her presence again. Was this why he’d ignored The Harem and submerged himself in work since that night? Because he’d been waiting to see her again? Nah. That wasn’t right. They’d spent less than three hours together. He couldn’t possibly have been saving himself for someone he barely knew, could he? What was he? Some kind of romantic heroine in one of those bodice-ripper novels his mom kept hidden in her room? But the fact remained that except for his right hand, he’d been celibate since that night in his truck. 
Looking down at her now he was struck all over again by her unusual beauty. Had he thought she was less attractive than his Regulars? He must have been on crack. Even annoyed, her face was lovely. Those huge eyes and soft, pink lips were making it nearly impossible for him to focus on what was going on around them. 
It was clear to him that his overwhelming attraction to her was more than a symptom of his hibernating libido awakening with an insatiable hunger. His body liked her a lot, no doubt about it. He remembered the tight fit of her body squeezing around his dick and the sweet, husky cries she’d made as he’d taken her hard and fast in the truck. Attraction he recognized. Most of his interactions with women had been solely attraction-based so he was very familiar with the concept. But when was the last time a woman made him smile like this, even under the most stressful of circumstances? Never. True, he wasn’t known for his sense of humour or ability to make others laugh, but with her he wanted to try to return the favour. To bring lightness into her life and chase away some of the shadows he saw in her eyes. 
She was obviously running from him for some unknown reason. She’d been trying to discourage his interest since the moment he’d approached her tonight. Old insecurities came flooding to the surface and he wondered if maybe she genuinely didn’t like him. But he hadn’t done anything offensive, had he? He’d been kind of a jerk after the auction but that hadn’t stopped her from wanting him physically so why was she being so cold to him exactly?
Her attitude had shifted dramatically immediately after that phone call from the hospital. Was she actually pissed that he’d left her there? No, she’d insisted. If she was angry at him because he’d obeyed her command then she was looney-tunes, passive-aggressive crazy. But she didn’t seem unbalanced at all. If anything, she was too in control of her emotions. Was it possible that he’d disappointed her, sexually? He felt a wave of panic wash over him at that horrific thought. No. She’d cried out in his arms. Sex wasn’t the problem. This woman had some secrets holding her back that had nothing to do with him and he was wildly curious what they were.
More than anything he wanted to get to know her. The more time he spent around her the more things he found to like. Not only was Lauren sexy and mysterious and funny, she was obviously brave too. Why else would she have gone down to investigate the hissing noise? He kind of wanted to spank her for her lack of self-preservation instinct but he also admired the fact that she wasn’t content to stand around like the other residents of her building who just wanted the problem solved so they could hustle back to their televisions. Lauren actually wanted to solve the problem herself and he approved of that immensely.
Then there was the way she’d stood up to Jack. Watching as she’d blatantly attempted to put his big brother in his place had shocked James to his core. Jack was a scary dude. Big, tough construction workers trembled when his brother was in a bad mood, but this little scrap of a woman had practically gotten in his face. It was almost comical to watch, like a toy poodle yapping at a Rottweiler.
Even the fact that she was dragging her incredibly ugly cat around with her appealed to him. Most women would have left the ornery beast to be rescued by the firefighters. But not Lauren, she’d sustained some major scratches saving her pet, even though she was probably quite aware that he wasn’t in any real danger. To James that small act of caring showed a lot of kindness and character. 
Yup. He desperately wanted to figure her out but doing that required getting over his overwhelming shyness. He’d been working on becoming more verbal over the past few months and it was gradually becoming easier to communicate with others. He’d never be a huge talker and public speaking engagements were seriously not in his future, but by escaping the insulated world of Kingston Brothers Construction he’d been forced out of his comfort zone in order to run his business. As a result, he was gradually becoming more confident in his ability to say the right thing or at least not make an ass of himself every time he opened his mouth.
Like now. He needed to say the right thing, and yet his mind was a complete blank. Briefly, he considered channeling one of his brothers and saying something shocking and flirtatious, like “C’mon. I’ll tend to your scratches and any other needs you might have,” but he knew he couldn’t pull it off. It would sound smarmy and inappropriate without the right teasing tone and he really wasn’t the flirtatious type. His gut told him to be himself, so he took a chance and just said what was in his heart. “Lauren, I really want to help you. Please don’t make me feel like a jerk for another four months ok?”
She stared at him for a few moments and then nodded her reluctant acquiescence as James shrugged out of his jean jacket and wrapped it around her shivering shoulders.
“That’s not necessary,” Lauren tried to protest again but he just squeezed her arm before walking away into the shadowy construction site to search for a little kid with really big issues. 
Chapter Eleven
“So, how did Jack recognize your hammer so easily? Don’t they all look pretty much the same?” Lauren asked nervously from her perch on her granite kitchen countertop.
True to his word, James had quickly toured his site and returned to her side just as the alarm was turned off and the fire chief announced that it was safe for the residents to return to their apartments.
James had stood protectively beside her as the police asked her some questions and she related her encounter with the boy in the parking garage.
When she was done giving the police a description of the boy, James had lifted Brutus’ carrier strap to his broad shoulder and followed her inside to her apartment without a single word passing between them. They just stared at each other in the elevator until she wanted to either scream with frustration at his high-handed attitude or throw herself into his arms and beg him to kiss her. She’d done neither. Choosing instead to follow his lead and wait to see what he had in mind. Not that she was interested. No, not at all.
Internally she’d spent those awkward minutes trying to convince herself that she didn’t need to run from him. He was just a man and therefore only a threat to her self-imposed solitary existence if she allowed him to get close to her. And she knew better than to let that happen. So there was nothing to fear from him unless she was dumb enough to let down her guard.
Simultaneously losing her father and Mitch had demonstrated to her once again that she was better off on her own. Relationships inevitably lead to pain, loss and guilt. She had finally figured out that the best way to avoid these emotions was to keep her life very simple and uncomplicated without any messy entanglements. All she had to do was restrict her interactions with people to a very superficial level. Except for her father and Mitch, she’d been isolated from the outside world for the past ten years. So really, turning into a complete hermit was surprisingly easy transition for her. Or at least it had been until James had arrived on the scene earlier that night.
 One look at him and her body had abandoned ship on the entire self-preservation strategy. It seemed ridiculous to become aroused under such bizarre circumstances but an insistent pulse had begun between her legs and for one brief, shining moment she’d been overjoyed to see him again. Everything she’d felt on the night of the auction came rushing back to her. She recalled the intense pleasure he’d given her but more than that she remembered the connection she’d felt with him. How she’d yearned for more than a brief encounter and how foolish she’d been to imagine she deserved a man like him. Or anyone for that matter. 
The reality of her situation was that she needed to avoid him at all costs. She had no choice but to push him away if she wanted to preserve her new-found peace. He made her want things she couldn’t have, no matter how much she longed for them. When she looked at him she imagined herself doing all sorts of nasty, wonderful things to his body, but she also felt herself wondering about what it would be like to be part of an actual couple. To share her life with someone who wasn’t dependent on her as a caregiver or an employer. 
But that was a fantasy she could never live out. The only way to avoid pain was to not become attached in the first place. James threatened her resolve to remain pain-free like no other man ever could because she was so irresistibly drawn to him. Part of that was the way he looked. Physically, she couldn’t have created a more ideal specimen. But he was so much more than fantasy material. To her he was exactly what a man should be – strong, masculine, decisive, commanding, yet also capable of heart-stopping gentleness and kindness. Throw all those qualities into a downright gorgeous package and it was really no wonder she was having trouble forgetting about him. 
The night of the auction he’d been clean-shaven and well-groomed. Tonight he was sporting some serious five o’clock shadow. Thicker than stubble and yet not a full-blown beard, Lauren thought the lumberjack look suited him just fine. His facial hair had appeared dark under the streetlights when they were outside but now she could see that his whiskers were a mixture or dark red, copper and gold, quite beautiful in the bright light of her kitchen. She longed to reach out and run her hands along those whiskers to test their ticklish roughness against the sensitive skin of her palms. His hair was also a bit longer now, curling around the collar of his jean jacket and shining dully in the courtyard lights.
Earlier she’d been standing outside her building with the fire alarm shrieking, his brother glaring and Brutus yowling, yet she’d found her eyes wandering over his form, trying to find something negative to focus on to distract her from how much she’d like to see him naked again. She’d searched for a gross, hairy birthmark or an ugly flaw of some sort but even the numerous scars he sported added to his masculine appeal. 
He`d been wearing a tuxedo the night of the auction and she`d thought then that he couldn`t possibly be more attractive but she`d been wrong. Tonight he was wearing jeans, suede work-boots and a black and white plaid shirt over a button-down, long-sleeved Henley. The jeans were smeared with grease and the shirt was badly wrinkled but to her he looked even more gorgeous than he had in formal wear. Partly because he seemed more comfortable in the casual attire but also due to the clothing giving him a more human and approachable look – tonight he looked more like a man than a god.
She’d quickly recovered from her initial delight in seeing him as she realized the danger she was in. If he noticed that she was admiring him like a schoolgirl with a crush he’d see it as an opportunity to pursue another sexual encounter with her. And she couldn`t afford to get in any deeper with him. She`d spent the last four months dreaming of a repeat performance of their intimate hour in his truck. There was no way she`d be able to walk away from him again without engaging her heart. She needed to shut this down immediately and that meant discouraging his interest by being as unpleasant as possible.
She`d quickly schooled her features into a look of dismay as he`d approached her on the ramp. She`d seen a quick glint of hurt in his eyes as he reached her but then his expression had gone blank and his lips had quirked up in an arrogant little smile that instantly put her back up.
He was obviously assessing her odd ensemble. She’d squirmed under his amused perusal. Feeling his eyes travel over her body she’d fervently wished she`d taken a few seconds to at least put on shoes. Not that she wanted to impress him or anything, but why couldn’t she have grabbed her own stylish red wool coat instead of her dad’s humongous “lucky” overcoat. Probably because she hadn’t been thinking about her appearance at the time. She’d just been determined to get out of the apartment as fast as possible and her dad’s coat had been the first item in the closet she’d touched. Being “lucky” hadn’t been a consideration. Or not much of one anyway.
No, she really didn’t like that little arrogant tilt to his lips but there was no doubt that she really did like his eyes on her legs way more than she should. He actually licked his finely-etched lips as he perused the bare skin easily glimpsed where the coat parted. That small gesture had her nearly panting in reaction. Fortunately for her, Jack had come storming up that ramp at that point and she hadn’t had time to react to James heated looks.
She’d been surprised at the protective way James had tucked her behind him when Jack approached but it had thrilled her a bit too. No man had ever treated her like she was worth protecting before. The boys she’d partied with in high school certainly hadn’t thought she was worth much. 
When she thought back to the way she’d allowed herself to be used for sex or drugs or entertainment she still cringed at how little she’d valued herself back then. She’d thought she was just having fun but the truth was that she had been growing increasingly alarmed at her own out-of-control behaviour. By the time her parents grew desperate enough to go out looking for her she was regularly losing time and waking up with strangers. It was a miracle that she hadn’t gotten pregnant or sick or dead. If their accident hadn’t provided her with the wake-up calls of all wake-up calls she was fairly certain she would have ended up in the hospital or the morgue.
But she was very much alive tonight. And a handsome man was standing in her kitchen, examining her wounds with careful, gentle touches that were slowly driving her crazy. 
The moment they’d entered her apartment he’d carefully lifted her onto her kitchen counter and instructed her to “stay” in a stern voice that should have made her bristle with its dog-and-master tone, but instead it just made her feel a tad fluttery between her legs. 
She’d then watched him kneel down on her kitchen floor and gently unzip Brutus’ carrier. He spoke quietly to the cat, encouraging him to come out and be free. Lauren bit her lip, expecting James to roughly drag the cat out or callously drop him onto the floor by upending the carrier but he did neither. Instead he opened the small door and waited, looking up at her with a smug smile when Brutus eventually crept out of the hated carrier and then high-tailed it towards the couch where he squeezed his bulk behind the piece of furniture to recover from his adventure in peace.
Lauren wasn’t quite sure why this oddly endearing act brought the sting of tears to her eyes, but there was something so sweet about the way James treated the animal. His comments earlier demonstrated that he wasn’t a cat person and yet he’d been so patient with the frightened creature. She was impressed that he was capable of such kindness but she resented it too. Pushing him away would be infinitely easier if he would just start behaving like a jerk again. Yet he kept surprising her with his likeability. Was it fair that a man who looked like him was actually nice too? Her heart didn’t stand a chance if he kept this up. She almost wished he’d behave like a disgusting pig – scratch himself or pick his nose. Or at least speak in vaguely insulting monosyllables like the night they’d met. 
He seemed like a different person from the man she’d met four months ago. The night of the auction he’d seemed high-strung and angry, his emotions so volatile and out-of-control that she’d been unsure what to expect from moment to moment with him. Tonight he was calm and confident, practically unflappable in the face of Jack’s accusations and her antagonistic attitude towards him, not to mention the emergency situation unfolding around them. 
It was hard to believe that he’d ever claimed to be socially awkward. The nerves that plagued him at the auction certainly weren’t in evidence tonight. She wondered what had happened in his life to create this dramatic change. He seemed older, more centred somehow. Like he had made peace with himself and didn’t feel the need to impress anyone. Whatever it was, she was finding him even more irresistible than ever. That commanding tone he was using combined with the kindness to her cat was working some kind of magic on her neglected libido. She was going to have to do something dramatic to drive him away, pronto, or suffer the emotional consequences of jumping his bones. 
It didn’t help that he was standing much too close as he dragged an astringent-soaked cotton ball along her neck. His big hands were surprisingly nimble as they performed the task of cleaning her scratches. Her breasts, under the cup-cake printed pyjama top, peaked and ached at the memory of how he had kneaded and fondled her with those same fingers the night of the auction.
He loomed over her, despite her elevated position on the countertop. He had to nearly crouch to get a good view of her neck. And it wasn’t just his height that filled the room with his presence. Overall, she couldn’t help noticing how huge he seemed in her small apartment. All her condo-sized furniture appeared almost doll-like compared to his overwhelming presence. But somehow he didn’t look out of place here. Probably because she’d fantasized about him being here so many times that it seemed natural for him to be standing in the middle of her kitchen, looking so strong and capable that she was having a hard time remembering why it was a bad idea to have him here.
She took in a deep breath as the pain of having her wound cleaned hit her senses. This was a mistake. She breathed in his warm, spicy scent and was instantly brought back to that night in his truck. The way he’d felt on and inside of her. The feel of his hair-roughened chest against her nipples. It all came flooding back to her in a rush that made all her most sensitive parts tingle and ache. He wasn’t doing anything remotely seductive and yet she was finding it extremely difficult to keep her hands to herself.
He tilted her chin up with his index finger and blew against her neck to ease some of the sting. 
She gulped as she felt his breath feather along her skin like the most gentle of caresses. 
Mostly to distract herself she asked him about his hammer again. “Your hammer?”
“My Hammer?” He furrowed his brow adorably as he studied her neck. “Sorry. I was concentrating. What did you ask?”
“How did Jack know it was your hammer?”
He chuckled. “That’s easy. It’s engraved.” He yanked the object under discussion from his belt loop and held it up for her to examine. He’d retrieved it from Jack earlier after the police had assured them that they had no interest in it.
Lauren expected it to be labeled with his name or perhaps the title of his construction company but instead there was a single strange word written in large, cursive script along the head.
“Nailslayer,” she chortled. “Your hammer has a name! Did you have it engraved?”
He grinned as he set the hammer down on the counter and resumed cleaning her neck wound. “No, it was a gift. From my brothers.”
“Why Nailslayer?”
“Well, I probably shouldn’t tell you this if I want to seem cool at all but when I was a kid I was heavily into the whole Excalibur legend. Knights of the Round Table. Swords and sorcery. All that good, violent stuff.”
She chuckled. “Why am I imagining you in a wizard hat?”
“No wizard hat. But yeah. I read everything medieval I could get my hands on. One of the things I thought was really cool was that these legendary warriors actually named their swords. Usually something gross and descriptive, like ‘Blood-drinker’ or ‘Nut-chopper.’ Because they thought humanizing their swords made them a better weapon.”
She snorted again. “No one named their sword, ‘nut-chopper.’ You’re making that up.”
He shrugged. “Maybe that one never existed but I thought the idea of naming your sword was a pretty cool concept. Not only did it inspire fear in your enemies, you could also identify your weapon if it ever got lost during a battle. Pretty smart.”
“So, your brothers all named their tools?”
“No. Just me. I was the only nerdy one. But they did pick out a good name. ‘Nailslayer’ is pretty fearsome. And I swear it does a better job than any nail gun, so maybe there is something to the legend.” 
She shook her head. “That’s adorable. But I can’t believe you were ever nerdy. You certainly don’t seem it now.” Damn it. Why had she said that? She’d just committed a flirting violation of epic proportions. She was supposed to be pushing him away and yet here she was practically fluttering her eyelashes at him like a certain cartoon skunk.
He curled a bicep. His shirt sleeve stretched impressively over his flexing arm. “Hard to believe I wasn’t always the manly specimen you see before you now?”
Unable to help herself, she reached out and brushed her fingers along the grapefruit-sized muscle. She shook her head doubtfully. “I think I need to see some proof. Are there pictures of you in your wizard outfit somewhere? Should I ask Serena?”
He lowered his arm and gave her a fierce scowl. “Jeez. Don’t do that. She’s probably got some evidence squirrelled away somewhere. I’m pretty sure she’s forgotten about that whole embarrassing period in my life. If you remind her then it’s bound to end up on Facebook the next time I piss her off.”
“Hmmm…tempting.”
“Remind me to track them down and burn the evidence.”
“Just don’t set off the fire alarm.” She quipped.
He tilted his head to the side and gently laid some gauze against her neck and taped it into place over her wound. “Hmmm… I’m actually becoming a big fan of fire alarms. The one tonight worked out pretty well.” He used his thumb and forefinger to lower her chin until their gazes met. “Don’t you think?”
She held her breath as his mouth lowered towards hers. Exhaling in a loud gush of air, she turned her face away in a last ditch effort to discourage him. “I don’t think Jack was very happy about it. Or the police. Or the fire department. Or Brutus, for that matter.”
“But they weren’t reunited with the girl they’d been dreaming about for months. I was. So you can see why I’d be a big supporter of the impromptu fire alarm.” He brushed her cheek with his lips and rested his big hands on her mostly naked thighs.
“Dreaming? You’ve been dreaming? About me?” She practically squeaked as his breath tickled her earlobe.
“Of course I have.” His voice rumbled in her ear. “How could I not? That night in my truck was pretty memorable. Or was I imagining that it was that good?”
She nearly groaned as he trailed his fingertips down the tops of her thighs. “No, you weren’t imaging that. But that doesn’t mean it should happen again.”
“That’s where you’re wrong. It should absolutely happen again. And again. And again. Until neither of us can walk or think or do anything else.”
She shook her head but somehow her good hand was suddenly gripping the front of her shirt. “James. I can’t.”
“Look.” His grin disappeared and he stared deeply into her eyes. “Maybe sex is always like that for you, but for me it really was something special that I can’t wait to repeat as often and as much as you’ll let me. All you have to do is say ‘yes’ and I promise I won’t pressure you for anything else.”
She released his shirt and let her hand drop away from his incredible chest. “You just want to have sex with me? That’s what this is all about? Why you basically high-jacked my cat and forced yourself into my apartment?”
James grabbed her hand and placed it back on his chest, holding her palm flat over his heart. “Hell, no. I want way more than that. In fact, I want everything you’re capable of giving me. But you’re obviously not ready for what I want, so I’m going to use sex to win you over. This has been my diabolical plan since the moment you kissed me in the truck.”
Lauren couldn’t believe what he was saying. What happened to the non-verbal Kingston brother? Even the direct way he spoke to her was fascinatingly different than the man she remembered. He was clearly no longer having trouble expressing himself and his feelings. She found this refreshing but also scarier than walking into oncoming traffic. She needed to put the brakes on this frank discussion immediately, but somehow she found herself saying, “Are you serious?”
“As a heart attack.”
She gave a dry little chuckle. “Poor choice of words.”
His brows furrowed in confusion. “What? Why?”
“Aren’t you curious why I had to leave so abruptly that night? Why you never got a chance to put your diabolical plan into action?”
“Of course, but you basically handed my balls to me when I asked about it then and I didn’t want to start off on that note tonight, so I didn’t bring it up. Are you going to finally tell me what happened? ”
Before she knew what she was saying, she blurted out the painful truth without any tact at all. “My dad died,” she said quietly, focusing on a point over his shoulder so she wouldn’t have to see the shock and pity in his eyes. “Not a heart attack, but a stroke. Later that night. I assumed he’d just fallen. Turns out it was more serious than I thought.” She’d been holding this information inside for so long that it practically exploded from her. She cringed as she realized how cold it sounded expressed like this but she didn’t know how else to say it.
“Oh shit. I am so sorry. I had no idea.” He reached for her but she shook her head to ward him off. If he hugged her she was certain she would splinter into a thousand pieces.
“I know you didn’t. You couldn’t know.”
He plunged his hands into the pockets of his jeans. “Were you close?”
She shook her head. “We lived together. But no, we weren’t close. The truth is that I was a terrible daughter. I was off with you,” she waved her unhurt hand in his general direction, “when he was dying. Worse yet, I was so mad when Mitch called and interrupted our … whatever. I wanted so much to continue what we started.” There. He knew her secret. He should be running for the door any second now.
But James stood his ground and his attention remained firmly focused on her. He removed one hand from his pocket and tentatively brushed some tendrils of hair from her forehead and then leaned down and placed a barely-there kiss to her temple.
“Lauren. That doesn’t make you a terrible daughter. That makes you human.”
His words unleashed something long repressed inside of her and a soft sob escaped her throat. She shook her head, hardly believing it when he didn’t seem repulsed by her confession. Maybe he didn’t understand that she had been more interested in having sex with him than going to the hospital and checking on her father. “No, that makes me a selfish little slut.”
He shocked her by chuckling. “Baby, that’s ridiculous. Even if you went to an auction and bought a hot stud like me every single weekend, you still wouldn’t be at fault for what happened to your dad. You’re entitled to have your own life.”
She gave him a doubtful look. “He didn’t think so. He hated it when I went out.” Lauren waited for him to start making judgments about her dad, saying negative things about him in some misguided, half-hearted effort to show solidarity with her. 
Instead he surprised her by empathizing with her dad instead of taking her side.
“I’m sure he did. If I had you in my life I wouldn’t want you leaving me behind either.” 
Wait. What? Did this mean that he was like her dad: possessive and demanding? Was that why she was attracted to him? Because he reminded her of her dad? What kind of fucked up Greek tragedy was she getting herself into here? “So, you’d do everything in your power to keep me from leaving you for a few hours?” She asked, appalled.
He gave her a shocked look. “Hell, no. I’d encourage you to go out, have some fun, and then I’d watch the clock waiting for you to come through the door so I could fuck you properly and remind you why you should have come home sooner.”
Unable to help herself, her lips quirked up in a small smile at his crude comment. “You say the sweetest things.” Whew. Thank God. He was nothing like her dad. She’d dodged a bullet there.
He grinned unapologetically and smoothly changed the subject. “Hey, at least I’m talking for a change. Now, we’ve established that I was a huge nerd in high school. It’s time for a little payback. Like what are those textbooks on the counter for?” James pointed to the volumes piled high on the kitchen peninsula.
She smiled shyly. “Well, this is kind of embarrassing but I used to baby-sit constantly when I was a kid. We’re talking 20-30 hours a week. I thought I was a regular tycoon with all that money coming in.” She didn’t mention that part of the reason she babysat so much was because it provided an escape from her own unpleasant home. That would sound like a bid for sympathy for sure. 
She fiddled with the buttons on her dad’s coat as James listened intently. “I loved kids and had always wanted to be a teacher. That plan got derailed in high school and I kind of forgot about working with kids. Now that my dad’s gone I started thinking about what I’d like to do with my life. My job at The Health Unit is ok but it’s not even close to my dream. Going to teacher`s college isn`t an option so I came up with this idea of opening a daycare someday. There’s so many working parents in this neighbourhood and no quality childcare available anywhere close by. I thought, why don’t I go back to school part-time and get my ECE at night?”
James beamed at her. “That’s excellent.”
She nodded eagerly, glad to have someone to share her plans with for a change. “I already contacted the Department of Early Learning regarding licensing and it’s actually a pretty involved process, but it can be done. All I have to do is find the right building after I’m done my education and gain some experience. So, it’s a long-term goal. Something to work towards.”
“That’s a great idea. And what’s more important than taking care of kids?”
Lauren flushed with pleasure. “You don’t think it sounds dumb?”
James shook his head. “Not at all. But now you’ve got me curious. Tell me what were you like as a kid? Besides being a tiny tycoon.”
She wiped at her still wet cheeks with the sleeve of her coat and then raised her chin in challenge. “Guess.” 
He frowned and studied her. “I’m thinking band-geek with braces and coke-bottle glasses.”
She snorted. “Not even close.”
“Cheerleader?” He asked with a hopeful expression. “With low self-esteem and a fondness for going commando under your uniform?”
She rolled her eyes. “In your dreams.”
“You got me there.” He crossed his arms over his chest and rubbed his chin thoughtfully. “Don’t tell me you were a bad girl.”
She nodded. “Yup. The baddest.”
He raised an eyebrow. “Hmmm…I always had a thing for the bad girls. But how bad were you? Are we talking naughty bad girl who kissed every member of the football team under the bleachers? Or criminal bad girl who held up convenience stores for kicks?”
“Try hard-core party girl.” Okay. Now he’d run. 
His eyebrows climbed up his smooth forehead in surprise. “Seriously? You really don’t seem the type.”
She shrugged. “But I was. We’re talking black-outs and lost weekends. Lots of booze but some drugs too.”
He gave her a wide-eyed look. “Wow. I never would have guessed.” 
Lauren watched his face carefully. His expression was surprised and curious but judgement didn’t harden his features. Knowing his family, she’d been expecting him to disapprove of her past. For many men, her sordid youth would be a deal-breaker. She’d actually been counting on her history driving him away so she wouldn’t have to do it herself. Because no matter what her brain was telling her, she was finding it just about impossible to push him away with any conviction. 
Maybe he thought this was some kind of role playing game she enjoyed: Naughty Nancy and the Nerd perhaps? But she was the real deal. If he’d known her back then he would have been shocked and repulsed. 
She narrowed her eyes at him. “Why are you so shocked? Do I seem so innocent?”
James placed the lid back on the iodine bottle and gave her a little shrug. “Partly, but mostly because I can’t really see you willingly losing control like that. You strike me as the kind of person who rarely gives into her impulses.” He brought her injured hand up to his mouth and kissed the long, angry-looking scratch he’d cleaned earlier. “Am I wrong?”
She closed her eyes as his soft lips brushed her knuckles and then her wrist. With amazing self-control, she managed to stop herself from sliding her hands into his gorgeous hair and pulling that clever mouth down to hers. Instead she gently removed her hand from his grip and pushed him a few inches away from her so her knees weren’t pressing into the ridges of his abdomen. He raised an eyebrow at this but didn’t step away. He bent from the waist and placed his hands on either side of her hips, caging her with his big, warm, powerful body but not touching her anywhere. 
She shook her head. “You’re not wrong. I don’t like losing control anymore. I had my share when I was a kid and I paid for it. Believe me. Now I like to keep things very predictable and simple. Which is why you should take your first aid kit and your monogrammed hammer and leave now, before things get complicated.”
He chuckled at this. “Sweetheart. Don`t you see? It’s too late for that. Things are already complicated between us. Do you think you ended up here by accident?” 
She frowned up at him. “Of course.”
“Hardly. My cousin made sure you ended up in this particular unit because she was trying to work some hare-brained match-making magic. If Serena sets her mind to it then believe me, there’s very little hope of escape. That complicates things.” He pointed towards the large window overlooking his construction site. “Never mind the fact that I’m going to be working about twenty feet away from your bedroom and that I’m pretty damned excited about the prospect of knowing that you’re so close by that I can practically smell your perfume.” He leaned down another few inches. “You’re going to hear me every single day and if I have anything to do with it we’re going to be running into each other on a regular basis. If that’s not complicated, I don’t know what is.” 
She crossed her arms over her chest and stuck her chin up. “Does that mean you’re not going to leave? Because I’m sure the neighbours will hear me and come running if I start screaming like a banshee.”
“Good to know.” He smiled at her, not taking her seriously one little bit. “I’ll make sure the door is locked before we head into the bedroom. Just in case there’s some screaming later.” His grin turned absolutely wicked and Lauren’s libido suddenly came roaring to life. “But if I recall, you don’t sound like a banshee when I’m inside you. Banshees don’t typically shriek ‘Oh my God, James. Don’t stop, James. Please.’” His voice became a high, desperate falsetto as he imitated her. Then he actually had the audacity to wink at her.
Lauren felt heat flood her face. Had she actually said that in the throes of passion that night in his truck? And why did it make her so hot to hear those words repeated back to her verbatim now. Like he’d memorized them? 
She ignored her quickening pulse and gave him a bored look. “Did someone hit you in the head with that hammer? Because we are NOT going anywhere together. I let you in here to avoid a nasty infection. No other reason. Now I’m wishing I took my chances with the gangrene and left you and your oversized hammer,” she glanced meaningfully down at his crotch, “outside with your brother.” 
His grin widened to spot-light brightness and he tugged on a lock of her hair that was curling over one breast. “You are so full of shit. But I do appreciate the ‘oversized’ comment. Glad you remembered that, at least.”
She poked him in the rock-hard abs with one finger. “I liked you better when you barely talked.”
“People keep saying that.” He grabbed her sharp finger before it could inflict anymore damage and imprisoned her hand against the cool countertop, curling her fingers around the edge. “I think you like me just fine. I wouldn’t be here otherwise.”
She gaped at him and was about to argue when he suddenly leaned forward all the way until his face was a fraction of an inch from hers. His expression had turned lethally serious again. “Lauren, I know you’re freaked out. That’s ok. You weren’t expecting to see me tonight or ever again and it’s thrown you for a loop. Perfectly understandable that you wouldn’t want to just pick up where we left off. But let’s not pretend that you don’t want me here.” He pressed his thumb against her full bottom lip to prevent her from speaking yet. “But the fact remains that you had no problem telling me off that night at the hospital. So I’m thinking that if you wanted to put me off tonight, you would have done it. Especially considering you had two cops and my dickhead brother to back you up if you really wanted to avoid me.”
He stepped back and reluctantly removed his hands from her vicinity, holding them up at shoulder level like he was going to be frisked at any second. He gave her a heated look. “Now, I’m not going to lie. Being around you again is making me harder than that hammer you keep referring to, but I can only take so much rejection. You need to decide, right now, do you want me to stay? Or do you--!”
He was interrupted by Lauren’s enthusiastic mouth crashing down on his. She had no idea how she summoned the nerve, but it suddenly became imperative that she stop him from leaving. Kissing him seemed the very best way to prevent him from making her say the words that would keep him there so she’d yanked him forward by his belt buckle and laid The Kiss-of-all-Kisses on his surprised lips. 
The truth was that she liked him exactly where he was – with his hands in her hair and his tongue in her mouth. This interlude would probably only last for a few hours, until sanity returned but she was going to enjoy it while it lasted. She’d been so alone since her dad and Mitch had both left her. Sometimes she felt like no one gave a damn about her. But James had been thinking of her, dreaming of her, this whole time. He’d said as much. How could she let him leave knowing that?
And if she was really honest with herself, hadn’t she been thinking of him this whole time too? Wasn’t that why she’d moved into this building, to be close to him in some strange, disjointed way? Not a day went by that she didn’t think of him, usually re-living that night in his truck, but just as often wondering what he was doing and if he regretted how things had ended between them. 
Well, now she knew. He hadn’t forgotten her. He still wanted her. Not just her body, but her. She actually mattered to someone. And not just anyone. She mattered to James Kingston, the hottest, kindest, gentlest, sexiest man she’d ever met. Someone like him could have anyone and yet he’d chosen her. He simply wasn’t willing to let her slip through his life like a ghost. The thought was mind-blowing. 
Everyone else she’d ever met had accepted the way she distanced herself from the rest of the human race, but he thought she was too precious to let go. Had anyone ever thought that about her? She really didn’t think so. She’d spent her entire life up to this point feeling profoundly unremarkable, unmemorable and unwanted. It was a shock to find out that she wasn’t any of those things. At least not to him. At least not for the next few hours until he realized that he’d been mistaken about her. But for now she would pretend she was special. That she mattered. It was selfish to let this happen, knowing he wanted more, but she just couldn’t stop herself from reaching for him.
Ignoring the tears that were streaming down her cheeks she raised her hands from the countertop and began working at his belt buckle. With frenzied hands she lowered his zipper and yanked his jeans and briefs down his thighs. His heavily-engorged penis sprung forward, nudging her knees. Spreading her legs wide she reached behind him and grabbed his high, round butt in both hands and pressed him forward until his shaft was resting against her heated core. 
“Jesus. Lauren. What are you doing to me?” James groaned as she wrapped her legs around his hips and squeezed him even closer.
“Isn’t this what you wanted?” She whispered, running the nails of one hand down the crease of his very fine ass. “You were going to use sex to win me over, right? Well, here’s your chance. Win me over,” she said, biting down hard on his full bottom lip. 
He went still. “You think I won’t be able to succeed?”
“No, you won’t,” she said with a gentle smile, “but I think it will be fun trying.”
He studied her for a long moment and then nodded sharply. “Good thing I like a challenge,” he muttered as he pushed the black coat off her shoulders, spreading it out around her like a dark puddle on the white countertop. Before she knew what was happening he was sinking down to his knees before her and was pressing his warm lips against the seam of her pyjama shorts. His hot breath penetrated the cotton and she squirmed in reaction to the soft caress against her most sensitive flesh.
“Lift that sweet ass up,” he said, nipping at her inner thigh as he began tugging at the waistband of her shorts. 
She leaned back, supporting her upper body on her hands as he easily lifted her up so he could slide her bottoms down her legs. Setting her back down on the satin lining of the coat he spread her legs as wide as they would go, exposing her to his eager gaze. He looked his fill for several long seconds, and then leaned forward nuzzling at the dark landing strip of hair between her legs with his nose as his tongue licked delicately along her slippery folds. 
At one time, Lauren had considered herself pretty sexually adventurous. Most people did drugs or drank excessively because they liked the way it felt. This was true for Lauren too but mostly she abused drugs and alcohol because she loved losing her inhibitions for a change. She’d had so many insecurities, but after a few drinks or a few hits they all disappeared and she was able to enjoy herself. And sex was a big part of that. She loved how powerful she felt when a man wanted her. If she was really honest with herself, she suspected she was more addicted to that feeling than to any substance.
By the time she was 18 she’d had sex with many men, mostly while drunk or high at parties. She’d even been in a threesome with her drug dealer boyfriend and a friend of his one particularly crazy night involving a lot of Ex and Tequila. She didn’t remember most of it but she was certain of one thing: none of it had been about her pleasure. Even the two times she’d had casual sex over the past ten years had been about proving to herself that she was still sexy and attractive rather than discovering what she liked.
As a result, the closest she’d ever been to having someone perform oral sex on her had been with James that night in his truck. She’d stopped him then because it had seemed like too much sensation all at once. She wasn’t sure if she could control herself if she allowed him to actually put his mouth on her. She wasn’t a prude exactly. Before the accident, she’d given dozens of blowjobs but it hadn’t seemed so personal to her back then. Now that she was sober and aware, she just wasn’t sure she would survive having him perform such an intimate act on her deprived body without embarrassing herself.
However, it was hard to think about her insecurities with James’ face between her legs and his tongue tracing a hot, wet path around her aching flesh. Doubts faded completely as he parted her with his thumbs and blew on her exposed clit. This unexpectedly delicate caress very nearly put her over the edge but she somehow managed to keep from climaxing in record time. Then his tongue flicked out and fluttered against the sensitive bud. A small squeak escaped her mouth and she gripped his hair tightly in one fist, pulling gently to bring his soft mouth closer to the hot spot between her legs.
He growled his approval and then buried his face in her wet heat. His mouth opened over her entrance and she felt his tongue thrust deep inside her as one thumb brushed her clit. Her legs closed around his head and she locked her ankles tightly to keep him in place as she began bucking her hips, riding his face in earnest as electricity ignited and travelled from between her thighs to her nipples and everywhere in between.
He replaced his thrusting tongue with two fingers and then licked his way up to her clit, circling it twice before sucking it between his lips. Her climax hit her hard.
“James. Oh my God. James.” She bit her lip and rode out the intense pleasure with a small whimper of regret when he withdrew his mouth from her pulsating sex and rose to his feet until he was standing between her quivering legs.
“God, you taste amazing. I could feast on you all fucking night.” James said, leaning down to kiss her gasping mouth with savage brutality. 
Wrapping her arms around his neck, Lauren clung to him as she returned his kiss, matching his passion with a desperation she’d never experienced before. 
His jutting cock pressed against her soaked core and she wiggled experimentally, trying to get him to fill her but the angle wasn’t right, so she reached down and grasped his shaft with one hand. She’d intended to adjust the direction so he could penetrate her but once her hand was wrapped around his length, she couldn’t seem to help herself from sliding her fingers up and down the long shaft. 
Fascinated at the way his impressive erection seemed to stretch and grow even harder under her fingers, she sat up and began using both hands to explore him. 
James grunted and threw his head back. “If you don’t stop that, my diabolical plan to win you over with sex is going to be over before it began.” But he didn’t stop her. Instead his hands moved to her chest. He palmed her full, unrestrained breasts through her pyjama top and watched her handle his cock through hooded eyes gone dark with desire.
Looking down, she got her first gander at James’ equipment. She was suddenly glad she’d turned on all the lights in her kitchen. Until tonight, she had no idea a penis could be quite so beautiful. 
She’d always found male anatomy kind of comical. The way their members bobbed around and got wildly excited with very little provocation, they were kind of ridiculous. But there wasn’t anything remotely funny about James’s penis. For one thing, he was big. Not scary big, but large enough to make her feel intimidated and more than a little nervous. There’d been some mild discomfort that night in his truck so she’d known he was built but her hands looked positively tiny wrapped around his girth. 
He was also very, very excited judging by the angry-reddish colour of the head and the pearl of moisture collected there. Having the power to create this kind of physical reaction in a man like James was unnerving rather than laughable. She was so out of practice. What if she did something awkward or gross or weird and turned him off? Talk about a let-down if he’d been fantasizing about her for months. How was she supposed to live up to that level of hype? 
Leaning down, she licked the large tip. Just a small, experimental flick against the slit, but James’ reaction was immediate and powerful. He let out a tortured groan that sounded incredibly loud in her small space. One of his hands let go of her breast and she felt his fingers slide into the hair at the nape of her neck. He tugged gently but she didn’t stop exploring him with her tongue.
“Lauren,” he growled. “You don’t have to do that. This is supposed to be about me winning you over. I’m already won.”
Allowing her breath to wash over his straining cock, she spoke into the head like it was the world’s sexiest microphone. “I want to. Let me. Ok?” She didn’t raise her eyes, but she could feel his puzzled gaze on her.
Then she slid her lips around the slick tip and his protests came to a crashing end.
Chapter Twelve
James knew he should close his eyes but he couldn’t look away. 
Watching Lauren slide her lips down his shaft was surely going to drive him insane. Even with her giant bun prodding his abdomen as her head bobbed up and down on his cock and her ridiculous pyjama top covering her amazing tits, she was easily the most erotic thing he`d ever seen in his life. No amount of lingerie or porn compared to her sitting bare-assed on the countertop he’d installed while she leaned down to suck his dick.
Needing some distraction, he carefully slid the elastic out of her hair and wrapped his fist around the silky length to keep it out of the way so he could watch his painfully hard length disappear into her lush mouth. She was slowly sinking down on him while cupping and lifting his balls. He couldn’t actually see this part since he was still wearing his shirt but he could definitely feel the expert way she was handling him. 
He gritted his teeth as she stopped moving. He’d been expecting her to come to her senses and push him away any second. Now that this was actually happening he was fully prepared to beg her to continue if necessary. Groveling was not out of the question. But then he felt her tongue tracing the underside of his shaft and nearly howled with relief. She hadn’t regained her sanity. If he had his way she’d stay crazy for another forty years or so. 
Seeing her again, feeling that connection between them, made him more determined than ever to keep her exactly where she was until they were too old to remember why they shouldn’t be together. If he had to keep her in a near constant state of arousal to do that then that’s what he’d do. 
“God. Yes.” He hissed as she took him hard and deep. The head of his cock hit the back of her throat and the pleasure became nearly unbearable. Unable to stop himself he buried both hands in her hair to guide her movements as he began thrusting into her mouth in short, shallow jabs of his hips. 
To his shock, she was able to match his rhythm. His size often discouraged women from trying to take all of him orally but she met his thrusts with perfectly timed sucks and licks along the sensitive crown. He felt his control starting to snap but her mouth felt so good he couldn’t seem to pull away even though he desperately wanted to slide his cock inside that sweet pussy again. Holding back a roar, he pushed deep into her mouth and held himself there for a few seconds, grinding against the back of her throat. She didn’t protest, just relaxed her throat muscles and tried to take him as deep as he would go. God, she was fucking incredible.
With what felt like superhuman effort, he pulled back from her eager hands and seeking mouth. She actually dug her nails into his thighs and made a small grunt of complaint as he nearly fell back against the wall behind him. 
“You didn’t like that?” She asked softly, looking up at him with watering eyes. Her lips were cherry-red and swollen from his rough treatment, but her hard nipples strained against her pyjama top and her eyes were dilated with undeniable passion. 
His breath was coming out in pants and his hands were clenched at his sides as he tried to gain some semblance of control. “Are you kidding me? Your mouth makes me want to get down on my knees and thank God I have a dick.”
She smiled at this and raised an eyebrow. Beckoning with one hand she spread her legs a few more inches and glanced down at her boldly displayed pussy with a look of blatant invitation on her pretty face. “Thank him for me too, while you’re down there, ok?”
Jesus. She wanted him to go down on her again. Was it just his imagination or did his cock just grow another inch? He wrapped his hand around the shaft and gave it a pump or two to placate the straining organ. “Dammit. You are so fucking tempting but I need to feel if that pussy of yours is as tight and hot around my dick as I remember.”
She closed her legs in a graceful, demure gesture that nearly gave him a heart attack. He lunged forward, expecting her to jump off the counter and tell him to forget the whole thing but instead she held up her hand to ward him off as she awkwardly rolled over until she was lying face-down on the counter with her pert bottom sticking up in the air and her legs dangling down the side of the peninsula, her toes barely reaching the dark hardwood floor below.
She gave him a sly smile as she looked over her shoulder at him and wiggled her bottom suggestively in invitation. “By all means, let’s see if you’re as big and hard as I remember too.”
James was fairly certain he’d explode if he got any bigger or harder, but he wasn’t going to share that information with her. She clearly thought he was in control, but nothing could be further from the truth. 
He usually loved taking a woman from behind. He got off on being able to watch and touch as much as he liked without the critical, needy eyes of his partner on him. Having Lauren completely at his mercy like this was like a feverish erotic dream come true. He would have been in heaven if there wasn’t something vaguely dismissive about the way she’d just flipped over and expected him to fuck her silly. Like she wanted this to be as lacking in intimacy as humanly possible. 
But he was only a man, and if she wanted him to take her like an animal then he was more than ready to get his beast on.
Reaching out he pushed her pyjama top up her back, tracing her smooth skin with the pads of his fingers as he went until the soft cotton material was bunched up around her shoulder blades. 
He studied her graceful back as he impatiently tugged his own shirt off. In moments he was standing over her, completely bare-assed naked. Finally. Her skin was so pale against the black satin lining of the coat beneath her. He smoothed his deeply-tanned hand over the back of one slim thigh, admiring the feminine curve of her waist and hips as he stepped up behind her.
She was lovely, but much too thin. She must have lost at least twenty pounds since he saw her last and she’d been willowy back then. Now she was looking frail. He could actually see each of her ribs clearly. This realization took the anger out of him completely. She had been through a lot. As annoyed as he was that she was reluctant to take a chance on him, he really couldn’t blame her for being cautious. She had lost so much. The least he could give her was some time. And a whole bucketful of pleasure.
Tenderness washed over him and he leaned down to press a gentle kiss to the elegant small of her back. She sighed and arched her back, like a cat seeking a caress.
“That feels nice,” she said softly. “Can you do that again?”
Could he? The high, round curve of her buttocks drew his attention like a beacon. As much as he would like to spend the next half hour exploring her back with his lips, he wanted to get his hands on that sweet ass. Better yet, he needed to fill his palms with her curves while he plunged his cock deep into her soft, wet heat.
He compromised by trailing kisses over the fullness of one buttock while tracing her spine with his fingertips.
He shifted his attention to the opposite cheek and softly bit down on the soft flesh. 
Lauren gasped in surprise and threw her head back. “James!” She cried. “What are you doing back there? That’s a no bite-zone!”
He didn’t answer, just smiled against her silky skin. If the restless way she was moving her hips and rubbing her breasts against the counter were any indication, she was definitely enjoying his unconventional foreplay. 
He was deliberately taking his time, trying to make it last because he was pretty sure he’d be a goner once he plunged his dick into her slick pussy. Her slightly parted legs gave him an amazing view of her pretty pink lower lips and he could see exactly how wet she was for him. The inside of her thighs was shiny with moisture and his mouth actually watered with his need to taste her again, but his aching cock demanded that he stay focused and avoid any more detours, no matter how delicious. So he licked the little divot above the crease of her bottom in farewell and aligned his body with hers, curling his chest over her slim back and sliding his shaft along the crease of her buttocks.
He pushed her long, dark hair to the side and kissed the side of her neck. “Are you ready for me?” He asked, grinding himself against her bottom.
She nodded energetically and pushed her hips up into his groin. “Yes. Oh yes. Please.”
“Spread your legs wide for me. I want you to feel every inch of me sliding into you.” 
She hesitated and then adjusted her position slightly so there was enough space for James to step between her legs. Pressing his lower stomach against her upturned buttocks he wedged his hips between her splayed thighs and rested his heated forehead against her cool, silky shoulder.
Reaching down, James grabbed his cock by the thick base and bent his knees, lowering his body so the head was in position to finally take her. Instead of breeching her slick entrance immediately he rubbed himself along Lauren`s slippery folds and watched as her fingers curled around the collar of the coat she was lying on as her entire body tensed in anticipation of his penetration.
Sweat broke out on his lip as he slowly guided just the tip into her warm sheath. Her inner muscles fluttered and then tightened around him in a welcoming hug that had him gritting his teeth to hold back his impulse to plunge into her sweet heat.
“God, I love your pussy. It missed me. I can tell.” He grunted.
She giggled and looked back over her shoulder at him. “How can you tell? Are you a Pussy-Whisperer, or something?”
Chuckling, he grabbed her hips and held her still as he pulled back until the very tip of his cock was visible. She made a distressed sound that turned into a sigh of relief as he plunged back into her, this time sliding in a little deeper. “No. You’re just so fucking tight. I’ve never felt anything so good.” He pushed in another inch and felt her body bearing down on him, resisting the invasion of his oversized cock. The friction was unbelievable. She was so slick with excitement he nearly lost control right then and there but he wanted to be seated deeply inside of her when he came. He needed to claim what was his in the most primitive and elemental way known to man. 
Easing his other hand down past her hip, he cupped her mound and squeezed as he circled his hips, making room for his girth as he parted her folds and circled her distended little clit. “Easy now. Tell me you want to take my cock as deep as it can go. You do want it, don’t you?”
She nodded and tried to thrust her hips up in an attempt to force him to take her but he held her down with one hand on the small of her back. “I don’t think you’re quite wet enough to take all of me. Tell me. What will it take for you to get really nice and soaking wet? Do I need to tell you how often I jerked off while thinking of you over the past few months? Will that get you excited enough, do you think?” He couldn’t imagine her getting any wetter and yet he nearly howled in triumph as he felt her body immediately stretch to accommodate him. He surged forward another inch and then held himself still, allowing her to get used to him.
“Did you really do that? Touch yourself?” Nearly panting, Lauren reared up on her elbows and flipped her hair over her shoulder. The silky strands slid down her back and he wished he had another hand free so he could wrap her hair around his fist to keep her in place. He really needed to avoid going off like a rocket but now she was doing something amazing with her internal muscles, tightening them and loosening them around him in a slow, undulating rhythm that rippled along his length. His eyes were practically rolling back in his head from the amazing pressure but somehow he clung to his control.
“Every day. Every fucking day I jerked myself off and thought of you. Of this.” He thrust forward another few inches. 
Lauren let out a soft moan and arched her back. 
“Did you? Touch yourself and think of me?” He pulled back again, nearly dislodging his cock from her slippery sheath. 
She shook her head, sending her hair flying around her shoulders in a dark cloud. “Don’t stop. Please.”
His nostrils flared in hurt and anger. Couldn’t she have lied and told him what he wanted hear? Just this once? But no, Lauren wasn’t offering him any false hope, even now when he was buried halfway in her delectable body; she still wouldn’t admit she wanted him for more than sex. But did she mean she hadn’t thought of him at all? Or that she hadn’t masturbated while thinking of him? These were two very different things. If she hadn’t thought of him at all over the past four months then there really wasn’t any hope for them. But the other? Well, that might have nothing to do with him. It was possible that she just had some weird hang up about touching herself. Some people did. He couldn’t believe that a woman as sexy as Lauren didn’t take the edge off once in a while. The thought was just unacceptable.
“Do it now.” 
She went completely still. “What?”
“You heard me. Do it now. Touch yourself while I fuck you.” He rolled his hips once, twice, three times. “Get those hands busy if you want all of it.” Why was he being so crude? He couldn’t seem to help himself. He wanted to be gentle and tender with her but something in him resisted. This was the how he wanted it: raw and a little dirty. Why pretend otherwise? If she didn’t like his rougher side then maybe she wasn’t the one for him after all. 
To his immense relief, she tentatively reached down, tunneling her hand beneath her soft belly until her fingers met his between her legs.  
“That’s it,” he said, pressing down on her fingertip until they brushed her clit. “Can you feel how hot and wet you are?” He removed his hand from between her legs and slid it up her body until he was able to cup a full breast as he leaned down and licked a trail along one elegant shoulder blade. Her hard little nipple pressed into the palm of his hand and he flicked it with his thumb.
Beneath him, Lauren whimpered and began thrusting her hips. “James. You said you’d give it all to me if I touched myself. Please. I need it.”
He gave her breast a little squeeze and then reared back. He gripped her surprisingly wide hips with both hands and eased his cock all the way into her exquisite pussy. 
She cried out and immediately began bucking her hips, forcing him to give her the friction she needed to come. He tried to hold her down but her buttocks were bouncing so enticingly as she writhed around his cock that he couldn’t deprive himself of the sight. He wrapped one hand in her silky hair to hold her in place instead. Looking down, he watched his cock disappear into her body as she moaned and touched herself with frenzied fingers.
With a guttural roar, he let loose the torrent that had been building for what felt like forever and drove hard and deep into her body. He felt his balls resting against the lips of her pussy as he ground himself into her that very last inch and held himself still.
Her slick flesh gripped him so tightly it was hard to imagine ever wanting to leave but his body demanded that he move, move, move, so he slowly pulled back his hips and then thrust deep again.
Soon he was driving himself in and out of her slick channel in long, smooth, powerful strokes that gradually grew shorter and shallower as the pleasure overtook him.
He felt the tremors in her body begin just as his own control slipped away from him. With a shout and one final thrust, he came hard inside her as she convulsed around him, calling his name in a raspy cry that seemed to echo throughout the small room.
Knees weak, he sunk down on top of her and rested his head on her smooth back as the tremors left his body and self-doubt returned between one heartbeat and the next.

 

 
Chapter Thirteen
Monday Morning
“What are we doing here, Serena?” Lauren asked, looking up at the large red brick structure before them in puzzlement.
It was two days after the night of the fire alarm and she was sitting shotgun in Serena’s white convertible Mercedes. The top was down and they were parked directly in front of a grand building with the words, “Kensington Academy” printed in large gothic letters above the imposing entrance. Children in burgundy uniforms were slowly filing under the archway, looking solemn and more than a little reluctant as they dragged themselves up the long set of stairs.
Lauren knew how they felt. She wasn’t exactly full of pep this sunny morning either. For one thing, her muscles were sore. Not hamstrings or trapezius muscles either, but some rather more private muscles she’d never actually strained before were protesting every single time she moved her lower body.
It was no wonder really. James had given her the workout of a lifetime on Saturday night. First, he’d taken her on her kitchen counter and then, once he’d recovered the use of his own legs, he’d carried her to her small bedroom and kissed and licked all the areas he’d missed the first time around. This was followed by a rather precarious and hilarious interlude in her tiny shower and another long, leisurely love-making session in the early morning hours that had left her so wrung out by pleasure that she was fairly certain she’d fallen asleep with him still pulsating inside of her.
He had been insatiable. So demanding and overwhelmingly sensual that she’d happily given herself over to him to command. It was her own fault really that she was suffering the effects of an overly strenuous night. A girl simply didn’t bait a man like James unless she wanted to pay the price. And she had been more than willing to pay. After all, she’d deliberately challenged him to win her over with sex, but she’d never considered that such a thing was really possible. 
Her taunt had just been her way of giving herself permission to enjoy him one more time. He could sex her up all he wanted. It wasn’t going to change her mind about wanting him in her life. At least that’s what she told herself. Then she’d woken in the early morning hours to find him curled around her and she’d been inundated with all kinds of warm, fuzzy feelings towards the owner of the big arm resting across her stomach. She’d been convinced.  
For about thirty seconds.
That was when she realized that not once in the four times they’d had sex had either of them ever mentioned birth control. Their stupidity was unforgiveable. It was insane to have sex with a stranger without some kind of protection and yet she’d been so carried away that she’d forgotten about the most basic rule of responsible sex. 
The truth was that as a teenager, she’d probably been careless a few times given that she couldn’t remember most of her nights, but somehow she’d been fortunate enough to avoid both disease and pregnancy. It wasn’t until after she became sober that she realized exactly how lucky she’d been. As a result, she’d resolved to never, ever take a chance again. And yet here she was, considering the daunting possibility of an unwanted pregnancy with a man she barely knew.
This was the thought that had driven her from her bed and out of her condo while the stars were still visible in the sky. She had panicked. Like a coward she had eased out from under James’ heavy arm and exited just as fast as she could slip on some clothes and collect her car keys and purse.
She had spent the day at the storage locker, going through boxes and generally beating herself up for allowing herself to be so stupid. She could not afford to let James into her life and yet she’d done the one thing guaranteed to keep him there. The timing was almost exactly right. She could be carrying a little Kingston DNA even as she sat on the cold cement floor of the storage locker, surrounded by a mountain of cardboard boxes and her own irrational fears. The thought of a baby filled her with mind-numbing terror but she also found her hand spreading over her flat lower stomach in a protective gesture so instinctual she didn’t realize she was doing it until she caught her reflection in an old picture frame.
She had instantly snatched her hand away and shook her head in disgust. Why was she mooning over the possibility of a baby? It would be a disaster if she was pregnant. She’d been a caretaker for the past ten years and had resented her father every moment she’d been forced to put up with his abuse. Now that she was finally free, it would be awful to give up her new-found freedom. Wouldn’t it? Or would it be wonderful to finally have someone in her life who might actually love her back? A little person who wouldn’t leave her, at least not until college? Especially a quiet, auburn-haired little boy with a gentle smile and a talent for construction…
She had quickly driven this hopeful thought from her mind. The odds were that she wasn’t pregnant, despite the foolish lack of precautions they’d taken, so there was no use freaking out about it. She would know in a few weeks. Until then there was no use letting her imagination run wild. 
 But what about James? He was an experienced guy, after all. What had he been thinking, not using protection? Judging by his expertise in ye olde boudoir he’d probably had sex with dozens of women, maybe hundreds, so he definitely had to be in the habit of carrying condoms. He’d used one four months ago, when they’d had sex in the truck so what had been different last night? Had unsafe sex been part of his “winning her over with sex” strategy? 
She didn’t know and she didn’t care. Well, she did, but it was irrelevant now. The lack of protection situation was just another reason she couldn’t trust herself around James. Not only did he endanger her plans for an uncomplicated life by making her want things she couldn’t have, she also seemed to lose her ability to think rationally in his presence. Hadn’t she used money she didn’t have to bid on him at the auction? Then she’d very nearly ignored Mitch’s phone call the night of her dad’s final stroke because she didn’t want to be interrupted. Yup. Clearly James was trouble. Delicious, complicated, addictive trouble and she needed to avoid him at all costs. 
Hours passed in isolation until Lauren was finally calm enough to face James. She’d returned to her condo late that evening, dreading what she would find when she stepped through the door. She’d half-expected to find James sitting on her couch, looking angry and disappointed. But her place was empty. Just Brutus looked up at her from his favourite sun spot beneath the window. There was no sign of James except for a short note, propped on his hammer, lying on the corner of her quartz countertop. The note was written on a scrap of paper from a small notebook with his phone number, instructions to look in the fridge and a big smiley face. 
A little afraid of what she would find there, she’d approached the fridge with some trepidation. But there wasn’t some kind of cruel surprise waiting for her. Instead she’d found a plate with a lovely, home-made breakfast waiting for her, including an omelette, crispy bacon, a few clumsily-sliced orange slices and a large bagel covered in lox and cream cheese. 
Relieved that he’d left, but also a little disappointed, she’d carried the plate to the small glass dining table and sunk down on one of the purple upholstered chairs. Staring down at the cold food, she couldn’t quite force herself to touch it. She hadn’t eaten all day, but this was a common occurrence for her. She tried to convince herself that her food avoidance was accidental or that stress had killed her appetite or that she kept herself so busy she never seemed to have time to sit down and prepare a proper meal. But the real reason for her lack of appetite was that it was simply depressing to eat alone. 
She never thought she’d miss her dad’s mealtime tantrums and complaints but it was when she actually sat down to eat that she realized exactly how alone she’d become. The rest of the time she could avoid thinking about the emptiness but sitting alone at this table, she came face-to-face with the void. 
It was messed up, but she had started shunning real food and restricting her consumption to junk food eaten in front of the television for company. As a result she was turning into a female scarecrow. A person just couldn’t maintain her schedule on empty calories alone. She knew this and yet she couldn’t quite bring herself to nourish her body properly. 
 She wondered if James had noticed how thin she’d gotten. Was the breakfast an attempt to fatten her up? To control her somehow? Or was he genuinely being thoughtful? Should she be impressed or annoyed? She really didn’t know how to react but as she toyed with a slice of bacon she felt a rare little surge of happiness bloom in her chest. 
No one, except her mother, had ever cooked for her. She was oddly touched by the effort he’d made to arrange the food in an attractive manner. The bacon was lined up in parallel lines and the omelette was perfectly folded. It looked like something from a brunch advertisement. He had obviously taken his time, wanting to impress her. And he’d done this after she’d left him alone in her apartment without a word. What kind of man did that? And why was he making it so damn difficult not to fall for him? Looking over towards Brutus’ bowls she noticed that they had been filled with fresh food and water, a detail that she’d carelessly forgotten in her rush to escape that morning. 
Yup. She was in deep, deep trouble here. Instead of being angry at her abandonment James must have woken up in her bed alone and decided to make her breakfast while he waited for her to return, not realizing that she would be gone for the rest of the day. There wasn’t any real food in her apartment, so he must have gone out and bought groceries and returned using the spare key hanging on the wall beside the door. 
Needing a second look at the contents of her fridge she stood up, walked over to the apartment-sized appliance and yanked on the handle. How had she not noticed that it was bursting with groceries earlier? She glanced into one of the drawers. Her crisper had actual vegetables in it. A first since she’d moved in over a month ago. She quickly pulled open the freezer compartment. Good Lord. Was that a giant tub of Mint Moose Tracks ice cream tucked in beside some frozen veggies? What the heck? Was he using both sex and food to win her over now? How could any woman stay strong under this kind of pressure? More importantly why would any sane woman try to resist him? 
It was becoming harder and harder to remember why she needed to keep her distance. Last night had easily been the best of her life. There had been so much pleasure, but there’d also been laughter, tenderness and that undeniable connection between them. If she stopped running from whatever it was between them maybe, just maybe, there would be more nights just like it. Nights where she wasn’t alone and obsessing over the past for a change. If she allowed him into her life would she live to regret it or would she finally be making a positive decision? She’d had such terrible judgment in the past. She didn’t trust her instincts even though they were screaming at her to take a chance on James.
She knew in her heart that he would hurt her eventually but was that a good enough reason to continue treating him so horribly? Why was she punishing him for something he hadn’t even done yet? She’d spent most of their time together either rejecting him or treating him like a sex object. And he’d been nothing but kind, flattering and patient, despite her cold behaviour. 
There was no excuse for acting like such a bitch, even if it was an excellent defense mechanism. Despite her desire to keep things uncomplicated she knew that it was a mistake to live her entire life alone because she was terrified of being abandoned again. She was punishing herself for her misspent youth, but most of all for her bitter failure as a daughter and caregiver. 
No matter how overwhelming the guilt, a small part of her had to believe that her father wouldn’t want her to pay for her mistakes by being alone. He would not wish such a sterile existence for her. Though a part of her suspected that she deserved exactly that. 
Damn James Kingston for showing her what she’d been missing. If she hadn’t met him she was fairly certain that she would have been content living a life devoid of joy. He’d shown her what kind of life was possible if she was just brave enough to reach for it. With him she could have warmth, companionship, passion and pleasure. At least for a while. Until he realized how messed up she was and moved onto the next damsel in distress.
She wanted him but couldn’t quite convince herself that he could actually care for her, at least not long term. No one had before so it seemed likely that she lacked whatever mysterious characteristic it was that made people stay. Her only option was to live in the moment and enjoy him until he got sick of her and then she could go back to her uncomplicated solitude. All she had to do was keep her emotions under control. As long as she didn’t fall in love with him, she could have him in her life, temporarily.
It was such a simple solution and truthfully, she didn’t see how she could possibly reject him anymore after last night. She wasn’t capable of that kind of cruelty. Besides, he worked practically in her backyard. She was going to run into him. Maybe next time he approached her she would stop running away. Or better yet, could she muster up the courage to stop by his construction after work tonight? She could apologize for abandoning him yesterday morning and bring him some ice cream, just to say ‘thanks’ for filling up her fridge. It was the civilized thing to do. 
And what if she was pregnant? Surely they should at least discuss the whole protection issue? Like find out if he’d been tested recently... Oh jeez, what if he’d given her something unpleasant to remember him by other than some groceries?
Lauren started as Serena grabbed her arm and pulled her thoughts away from James and the possibility of some horrible, crotch-rotting disease. The pretty real estate agent was excitedly pointing her large coffee cup in the direction of an approaching child. “Is that him? Our little vandal?” She asked Lauren in a side-whisper that was just as loud as her normal speaking voice.
Lauren lifted her sunglasses and studied the portly, red-headed boy Serena was currently giving the stink-eye. “No, I don’t think so,” she said tentatively, shaking her head. “The boy from the parking garage was blonde and thin. And I think he was older. That kid is nothing like him. But then I only saw him for thirty seconds, so who knows.” She shrugged and looked down at her watch. “Serena, I seriously have to get to work.”
“Yeah, yeah. I know, important medical billing crisis awaits,” Serena said, rolling her eyes and making no move to start the car. Instead she pointed to another child. “How about that one? He looks shifty to me. Doesn’t he look shifty?”
Lauren focused on a slightly older boy who was tying his shoe beside the Mercedes’ front bumper. “Serena. I think he’s just cross-eyed. Stop staring at him,” she whispered, hoping to avoid embarrassing the child.
Serena made a shooing motion to encourage the boy to move along. He gave her a puzzled look and then picked up his back-pack, shrugged and walked towards the school’s entrance.
Serena watched him ascend the steps and then turned towards Lauren. “Are you sure? He looked like he was up to something.”
“That kid took five tries to tie his own damn shoes, I seriously doubt he’s our criminal mastermind,” a deep voice drawled from the backseat. 
Serena shot a dirty look over her shoulder at the large, very male shape stretched out on the white leather. “Yeah. Like it takes a genius to wield a hammer. If you can do it, anyone can.”
Jacob Kingston stretched his long, bare arms and raised an eyebrow at his cousin. “Just for your information, the kid we’re looking for managed to do a lot of damage without being detected AND he escaped without leaving a single clue at the scene. He’s either really lucky or really smart.”
“No clues, except for our star witness here,” Serena said, saluting Lauren with her coffee cup. 
“Ess, your star witness probably won’t even recognize him. This is a waste of my valuable time.” Jacob said, self-importantly.
Serena snorted. “Valuable time? Ha. You were jogging, shirtless, past the yoga studio and the smoothie bar, trying to attract some female attention to your sad little six-pack. Honestly, you’ve only been back in town for two days and the smell of horny desperation is coming off you like a stench. So don’t talk to me about your valuable time.” Serena scoffed as she gave Lauren a conspiratory wink.
Lauren tried not to giggle as Jacob nearly squawked in indignation.
“Damn it. I’m shirtless because it’s damn hot for September. And my six-pack is actually an eight-pack, thanks very much. And in no way is it ‘sad.’ Am I right, Lauren?” He flexed and pointed to the impressive display of muscle above his belly-button.
Lauren glanced obediently at his abdomen and nodded. “Not sad at all.” The sight of Jacob shirtless was a gift to women and gay men everywhere but she was oddly unmoved by all that bare skin and flexing muscles. He was simply gorgeous, there was no denying it. Only a loose pair of knee-length, shiny, black running shorts covered his ripped body but to Lauren he was like a work of art that she could appreciate for its beauty without feeling even the slightest spark of attraction. 
Most women would be charmed by Jacob. Incredible looks aside he was genuinely funny and had a way of making everyone around him feel at ease. When Serena had called and asked her to meet her for coffee before work this morning Lauren had agreed. She’d nearly turned and headed back into her condo when she’d seen Jacob sitting shotgun when she approached Serena’s car at the curb. The last thing she’d wanted was this living, breathing reminder of James sharing a commute with her. She half-expected him to chastise her for the way she’d treated James but he’d been friendly and polite, making amusing conversation on the unexpected detour to Kensington Academy for Serena’s version of a stake-out.
Serena reached behind her and pinched Jacob’s hairy calf. “Never mind your pathetic need for affirmation. We’re on a mission here, so pay attention and keep an eye out for this kid.”
“Dammit. Keep your talons to yourself,” Jacob flinched and slid across the seat until he was as far away from his cousin and her pinching fingers as possible. 
Serena was just about to make a grab for Jacob’s vulnerable knee when Lauren interrupted. “Serena, let’s say I actually do recognize this kid. What are we going to do? Make a citizen’s arrest? Kidnap him? Maybe I’m confused but I don’t think ambushing the kid is the answer to solving this mystery.”
Serena frowned at her and faced front again. “We’re not going to ambush the little turd. This is strictly recon.” She took a fortifying sip of her coffee and watched a crowd of squealing little girls walk past with a wistful expression on her pretty face. 
“Right.” Jacob leaned forward between the seats. “If Lauren identifies the perp, you’re going to be out of this car and giving his mom the verbal beat-down of a life-time in about three seconds flat. Let’s face it. Being subtle is not your thing. Neither is tact. We’ll be lucky if we don’t end up with a restraining order on our collective asses.” He ducked his head to avoid a slap from Serena and then retreated to the backseat with a laugh. 
Serena shot an annoyed glance at Jacob and then turned to Lauren. “I swear. I’m not going to go all Terminatrix on this kid. You said the boy was wearing a burgundy T-shirt with gold writing on it. And I remembered that those are the school colours for this place.” She pointed at the front entrance where a burgundy and gold ‘welcome students’ banner hung. “This is a very exclusive and private school, so parents mostly drop off their kids. If you happen to spot him I thought, maybe, just maybe I could have a civilized chat with one of his parents.” She gave Lauren a wide-eyed innocent look that wasn’t terribly convincing. “Nothing too confrontational. If things get heated then Rambo, back there,” she cocked a thumb in Jacob’s direction, “is our back-up. Just in case they don`t like hearing what their devilspawn was up to on Saturday night.”
More laughter from the back seat. “I knew it. You can’t help yourself.”
Serena slapped her hand down on the steering wheel impatiently. “What’s wrong with my plan? You think that little reprobate should get away with what he did? Jack is stressed out enough as it is without having to deal with some bored, spoiled brat damaging Kingston Brother property for kicks. What with Lacey on bed rest and all, he’s nearly losing his mind.”
“Is she ok?” Lauren asked, suddenly feeling terribly guilty about her own problems. She’d had no idea Lacy was ill. 
Serena cast a worried glance at her Blackberry. “She’s pregnant. Against doctor’s orders, I might add. She had a really hard time with her first pregnancy but that turned out ok. Their little boy, Kaleb, is almost 18 months old now and just about the most adorable thing on the planet.” She beamed as she spoke of her cousin’s child and Lauren got the distinct impression that motherhood was definitely on Serena’s mind as well.
“Why would she take a chance like that?” Lauren asked, thinking of her own situation.
Serena shrugged. “Lacey didn’t want Kaleb to be an only child and Jack loved growing up with all his dumbass brothers. Though I can’t imagine why.” She grinned as Jacob grumbled something insulting from the back seat. “So she kind of forgot about birth control for a while. Her and Jack can’t keep their private parts separate for more than five minutes at a time so it was just a matter of weeks before she caught pregnant. Damn Kingston Brothers are crazy-fertile. Now she’s in her third trimester and is supposed to be on complete bed rest. But she isn’t really the bed rest type.”
“So Jack pressured her to have more kids?”
Jacob snorted from the back seat. “Hardly. He was all set to get snipped, but Lacey kept cancelling the appointment.”
“He was going to have a vasectomy?” Lauren’s voice went up in surprise. The man she’d met the night of the fire alarm didn’t seem the self-sacrificing type, especially where his junk was concerned.
Jacob crossed his leg protectively in front of his groin and made a scissoring motion with one hand. “Snip. Snip. You bet. He loves kids. Used to joke about creating his own construction crew from scratch. But he loves his girl more than anything. It nearly killed him watching her go through that nightmarish labour with Kaleb. Now that she’s pregnant again, he’s about ready for the looney bin. And irritable as a junkie in a holding cell, I might add.”
Serena shot him an irritated look. “It doesn’t help that his brothers keep abandoning the family business either. First, you. Then, James. Even Jeremy is MIA. Mark and I try to fill the gap whenever we can, but neither of us knows a thing about construction.”
Jacob sighed. “When are you going to stop guilt-tripping me about leaving? I swear, you’ve been hanging around my mom too much.”
“I’m just saying that Jack has every right to be a bit testy. And I’ll bet you anything, that this kid we’re stalking today is the same one that’s been vandalizing Soleil since we started this project.”
Lauren knew there’d been some issues with property damage but not that it had been going on for so long. “You mean the fire alarm and graffiti weren’t the only times this happened?”
Serena nodded. “At least once a week for the last couple of months, someone has been breaking windows or spilling paint or destroying the landscaping. He’s cost us thousands of dollars, not to mention all the time it takes to clean up the damage.”
Jacob`s tone turned serious and he leaned forward again. “Whoah. Hold on there. You can`t go accusing the kid of all that. There`s this pesky thing called ‘evidence’. All you know for sure is that he’s responsible for the false alarm and the flooding at the site. Anything else is just conjecture.”
Serena huffed and crossed her arms. “Oh. I hate it when you turn all coppish on me. You know this kid is a menace.”
Jacob sighed. “I’m sure he’s the Anti-Christ, Ess, but Lauren didn’t see him do any of that other stuff, so we’re stuck with just the facts. And as for talking to his parent, do you really think that’s a good idea? What mother is going to listen to a stranger accuse her precious Stepford kid of a criminal act? Look around you.” He waved his hand at the exclusive school’s luxurious surroundings. “This isn’t the ghetto where parents are too busy working two jobs or doing drugs to watch out for their kids. These are the ‘burbs and kids here are treated like they’re all valued members of the royal family, even if they are future serial killers. You’ll be lucky if you don’t get into a hair-pulling contest with a soccer mom if you go after one of these spoiled brats.” He rubbed his scruffy chin and dropped Lauren a wink. “Actually that might be kind of hot, so don’t let me stop you. Go for it, Serena.” 
Lauren stifled a laugh as Serena rolled her eyes. “What do you suggest then?”
Jacob was about to reply when Lauren sat up in her seat and leaned forward. There was a woman and a boy approaching the Mercedes on foot. The boy was walking several steps ahead of his companion who appeared to be carrying the boy’s overstuffed knapsack and lunch bag while the child tapped away on a small tablet. The boy ignored the woman completely, though it was evident that she was talking to him.
As they got closer, Lauren caught her breath. The boy was about the same age as the kid she’d seen in the Soleil parking garage on Saturday night. He was also thin and his hair was a neat blonde cap. But the child she was looking for had been wearing a T-shirt and dark khaki pants. This child was wearing the same burgundy vest and grey pants worn by the rest of the Kensington Academy students. 
Unlike the other students this boy looked completely comfortable in his uniform. The other boys yanked at their grey and burgundy striped ties or attempted to give their ensembles some swagger by untucking their shirts or wearing battered running shoes, but this boy looked completely at ease in the more formal attire. In fact, it was easier to imagine him wearing a tiny tweed suit jacket with tiny leather elbow patches than something as casual as a T-shirt. He resembled a miniature professor; his expression was so serious and focused. Surely this precocious child could not be their destructive vandal. She had obviously imagined the resemblance.
Lauren shook her head at her own foolishness as the child stopped walking long enough to turn and respond to the woman tailing him by barking words at her in an unfamiliar, guttural language. The woman looked stricken but continued following the boy in silence. 
As they passed the car the boy happened to glance in Lauren’s direction. She stared back, locking gazes with him for several long seconds. His expression remained blank as recognition sparked between them. There wasn’t any fear or even curiosity in his cool grey eyes, just mild disdain. A tiny, cruel smile quirked up his cupid’s bow mouth as he passed by their car but then he returned his gaze to the tablet in his hands and walked towards the entrance without a single backward glance.
Lauren covered her mouth with one hand. “Did you see that?” She asked Serena, her voice hollow as she tracked the boy’s progress up the stairs.
“See what? Your creepy staring contest with Brad Pitt’s mini-me?” Serena gave her a disgusted look. “That was hard to miss. Try not to be so obvious, okay? We’re here to observe. Not draw attention to ourselves.”
Jacob snorted again. “Because a white, convertible Mercedes with the top down parked directly in front of a school entrance with three childless adults sitting inside just screams discretion, right!” He said with a chuckle.
Serena turned in her seat and shook a finger at Jacob. “Listen, Mama`s Boy—.”
Lauren uncovered her mouth and grabbed Serena’s wagging finger. “That was him. The boy in the garage. Right there.” She pointed at the kid who was now gathering his possessions from the woman’s hands. She silently handed over the knapsack and lunch kit to the boy, watching with a worried expression as he began walking up the stairs.
Serena stopped and stared, wide-eyed, as the child escaped their view. She pointed in the general direction he’d gone. “THAT was our vandal? He looked like a little prince crossed with Alex P. Keaton. THAT can’t be the kid responsible for damaging so much property.”
Lauren shrugged. “Hate to disappoint you, but it was.”
“You’re sure?” Jacob asked, tone suddenly very serious.
Lauren turned to him and nodded emphatically. “One hundred percent. I’d know those shark eyes anywhere.”
“Good enough for me,” Jacob said and launched himself from the backseat in a single graceful, athletic leap over the car door. He landed nimbly on the sidewalk and gave Lauren a saucy little wink as he walked away from the car and towards the school entrance.
“Jacob, what are you doing?” Serena hissed at his broad, muscular back. “Recon. Remember? Not Confrontation. That’s what we agreed to for now.”
He ignored his cousin and approached the woman who had been escorting their miniature unsub to school. Serena and Lauren stared at each other in horror as Jacob walked right up to the pretty, but tired-looking, blonde woman and offered her a dazzling smile.
This time Serena covered her own mouth in dread as they watched the scene unfold. They were too far away to hear Jake’s conversation with the boy’s companion but they could discern from the woman’s body language that she was not pleased with the conversation. Her pleasant features, which had been nervous but polite when Jacob initially approached her, became hostile as he animatedly explained the situation.
“Oh my God. He knows he’s mostly naked, right?” Serena asked Lauren from where she’d sunk down in her seat to avoid being seen.
Lauren nodded. “Pretty sure he’s aware.” Jacob’s body, clad only in those black shorts, was an impressive sight but the woman didn’t seem to be even remotely moved by all those bulging muscles or gorgeous, tanned skin. Her hands were on her hips and she was staring up at Jacob with a stony expression on her face. At one point she held up her hands and attempted to walk away. Jacob gently reached out and stopped her with one big hand wrapped around her thin arm. She recoiled as if slapped but didn’t yank her arm away. Jacob stepped inappropriately close and actually brushed a strand of hair off her forehead while smiling into her eyes. This was when Serena gave out a groan and beat her head against the steering wheel, mumbling something about calling her Aunt Marie for bail money. 
Lauren just couldn’t look away. This was a disaster. Jacob was going to get himself arrested or at least a good kick in the nuts from an irate mother. What was he thinking? 
But he kept talking to the woman and after several long, torturous minutes of looking like she was ready to explode the woman Jacob was harassing finally stopped glaring up at him and began speaking with remarkable excitement, her hands moving through the air like fluttering birds. Finally she nodded once and grasped Jacob’s forearm in what looked like desperation. Several more moments passed in passionate conversation and then Jacob and the woman parted ways.
There was even more attitude in Jacob’s walk than usual as he approached the car. He positively swaggered as he came abreast of Lauren’s car door, brushing imaginary dust from his naked shoulders as he posed on the sidewalk and raised his chin. “You’re welcome, ladies.” 
Serena scowled. “Get in the damn car and tell us what the hell you think you were doing,” Serena growled at him as she turned the ignition key and put the vehicle in gear.
Jacob sighed. “Nice talk. A little appreciation wouldn’t be out of place, you know,” he said with a sniff. 
Serena glowered up at him. “Thank you for nearly ruining everything. Now, can we go?”
James leaped into the car like a gymnast on a pommel horse. When he was settled in the back seat he spread his long arms and stretched. “Now, we can go.” He said with all the graciousness of a benevolent king bestowing favours on a loyal servant.
“Okay. Now spill it, Jacob. What did you say to her?” Serena jammed her foot on the gas and swerved into traffic with an alarming carelessness that had Lauren clutching the car door handle in fear. She looked helplessly back at Jacob, but he seemed not to notice the fact that Serena was doing at least double the speed limit in a school zone. He was too busy staring down the street in the direction the pretty blonde woman had headed after their conversation.
He crossed his arms over his chest. “I simply explained the situation to her with my usual sensitivity and tact.”
Serena made a gagging sound. “Bullshit. You were trying to charm her. I could see you working your game. Did it work? Is she going to pay us back for all the damage?”
“Not exactly.”
“What do you mean? Not exactly?”
“I mean, I offered her a deal.”
“What kind of deal.”
“A job.”
“She’s going to work for us?” Serena nearly screeched.
Jacob shook his head. “Not her. Him. Though I wouldn’t mind putting her to work, if you know what I mean.” He wiggled his eyebrows suggestively at Lauren, who gave him a warning glance. She didn’t know Serena very well but even she could tell that Jacob was pushing his luck with his cousin’s patience. 
Serena veered off to the side of the road and jerked the car into park. Twisting in her seat, she pointed back in the general direction of the school. “That little piece of shit is not going to work for Kingston Brothers? What about child labour laws?”
“I’m not talking about hard labour. He’d just come to one of the sites and help out. Nothing intense.”
“You have lost your mind if you think Jack is going to go for that. No way. No how.”
Jacob spoke calmly and quietly. “Serena, she’s a single mom who’s been in this country for less than two years. She works two jobs so her kid can attend that big old pile of bricks. How do you propose we get the money out of her? Get her to sell some organs? Prostitution maybe?”
“I don’t see why not,” Serena grumbled.
Jacob gave her a reproachful look. “Ess, he’s just a kid. He deserves a break. It’s like James said, ‘if we give him a chance, he may focus all that angry and hostility into something constructive.’”
Lauren looked at him in shock. “This was James’ idea?”
Jacob nodded. “Yeah. I met up with him yesterday morning.” He gave her a meaningful look but didn’t comment on James whereabouts on Saturday night. “He mentioned something about how working on construction sites on weekends and after school as a kid probably saved him from getting into a whole mess of trouble. Turns out our Jimmy Dean was repressing a lot of rage under all that silence.”
“Oh please.” Serena made a ‘phhht’ flubbing sound with her lips. “James was born to be on a construction site. His first pacifier was a wrench, for fuck’s sake. What does he know about troubled kids?”
Lauren felt her temper flare before she had a chance to bury it deep. For the first time since her dad died real emotion welled up in her and before she knew it she was glaring at Serena and raising her chin in challenge. “I think James knows a lot more than you give him credit for.” She was shocked at the passionate sound of her own voice, so unlike her usual carefully modulated tone. “He’s one of the kindest, most generous men I’ve ever met and I don’t think you should discount his opinion on this. Or anything else for that matter.”
 Serena’s mouth opened but no words came out. She was clearly shocked that Lauren had dared to contradict her.
It felt so good to actually express an opinion for a change that Lauren cut loose a little more. “I’ve been taking some child development courses at night and according to some real experts, kids rarely act out like this without a reason. So, James is definitely on the right track. If you were as smart as you think you are, you’d listen to him. Or anyone else for a change.” Her lips snapped shut and she braced herself for Serena’s rage but it never came. If anything, Serena looked chagrined rather than angry.
“Whoa.” Jacob chortled, clapping in appreciation. “I can’t believe you just told her off. That was great. Like watching a field mouse slay a dragon.”
“You are not helping.” Serena shot a poisonous look in his direction and then reached out to touch Lauren’s trembling hand. “Lauren,” she said softly. “I’m sorry. I had no idea. I didn’t mean to bad-mouth James.” She shrugged. “I just get so used to mocking them that I forget how it must sound to outsiders. It’s just my way of keeping their enormous egos in check. I don’t mean anything by it.”
Lauren shook her head and grasped Serena’s hand. “I over-reacted. Please forget I said anything. You’re family. I have no right to say anything about how you treat each other.” She gave a little shrug. “I know less about how families relate to each other than you know about construction, so I should probably keep my mouth shut on the subject.”
Serena gave her an encouraging smile. “You realize you just defended James’ honour right? Big, brawny, tough James? A guy that needs about as much protection as a rampaging grizzly bear. So it seems to me you may know a lot more about family loyalty than you give yourself credit for.”
Lauren gave her a puzzled look. “I have no idea what you’re talking about. I just think he’s a good guy. That’s all.”
“You luuuurrrvvve him.” Jacob said dreamily from the back seat. 
“Yeah. You do. It’s pretty clear.” Serena said with a decisive nod. “So you might as well get used to the idea of having more family around than you could ever possibly want. Including dumb-ass back there.” She nodded towards the back seat.
Jacob’s rude response was cut off by the beeping of Serena’s phone. Still smiling at Jacob’s obscene finger gesture, she picked up the Blackberry and stared at the screen. The smile immediately disappeared. Her face went pale and she dropped the phone between the seats in her hurry to get the car in gear. “We’ve gotta go, Jacob.”
“What’s wrong?” Lauren asked as Serena veered the car out into traffic again.
“It’s Lacey. The baby’s coming,” she said grimly.
“What? I thought this was going to be a Christmas baby?” Jacob’s asked, dread giving his voice a hollow quality.
“Apparently not.” Serena turned towards Lauren. “The hospital is right across the street from The Health Unit. Is it ok if I drop you off? We need to get there right away. Jack is about to go all Fight Club on the doctor.”
“Do you, um, want me to come?” Lauren asked the question tentatively and then shook her head, realizing how inappropriate it would be for her to go to the hospital during a family crisis. Who did she think she was exactly? Two one-night stands didn’t mean she was one of them, no matter how much she might long for that to be the case. “Sorry, that was ridiculous. Why would I come? I would totally be in the way. Please forget I asked that.”
She felt a large, warm hand on her shoulder and glanced towards the back seat. Jacob had reached out to her and she felt oddly touched by that gentle, supportive touch. These Kingston brothers were surprisingly sensitive for such big, macho he-men.
He gave her shoulder a squeeze before reclining back against the seat again. “Appreciate the offer, Sugar. But I’m pretty sure James would bash our skulls in with that hammer of his if we brought you along.”
“Oh. Of course. He wouldn’t want me there.” Lauren said nodding in agreement even as her heart plummeted at his words. James must have said something about never wanting to see her again. Had she finally managed to alienate him? She should have been happy about this new development, but instead she felt a totally inappropriate sadness wash over her. Once again, she was excluded. Just another sign that she was destined to be alone. She’d driven another person away. Maybe the most important person this time.
Serena gave her a puzzled look. “What? No.” Swerving to avoid a lumbering school bus, she gave Lauren an encouraging smile. “What Genius back there meant was James wouldn’t want you to meet his family under these circumstances. We’re not exactly at our best during a crisis, and I’m sure he’d like us to make a good impression on you. Hard to do while we’re trying to prevent Jack from maiming the hospital staff.”
“Did he say he wanted me to meet them?” A small burst of hope swelled in her chest. It was quickly replaced by adrenaline as Serena slammed her foot down on the car’s accelerator to avoid a collision while running a red light.
Jacob snorted. “James didn’t say anything. But with him, you have to read between the lines.”
“Then how do you know?” She twisted in her seat to look back at him.
Jacob gave her a knowing look. “He’s got that same gob-smacked look Jack had a few years back when Lacey was making him jump through hoops. Meeting the family was like marking his territory.” He shook his head morosely. “The second I saw Jimmy Dean yesterday, I knew another Kingston brother had been hooked in the bag. It’s a sad, sad day for the female population of Brookhaven.” Realization struck and his handsome face brightened. “Good thing I’ll be around to comfort them. At least until I’m back on the force.”
Lauren shifted her attention forward as Serena and Jacob started bickering about Jacob’s deluded impression that he was, in fact, God’s gift to women.
Was Jacob right about James wanting her to meet his family? She’d never really considered the possibility, but being with him also meant being part of this remarkable group of people. What would that be like? 
She looked at Serena and Jacob, arguing and teasing, but also loving and defending each other depending on the situation. She had never had that feeling of belonging that they seemed to take for granted. Could she actually have that? And the man of her dreams too? It hardly seemed possible. But what if it was? 
Chapter Fourteen
Tuesday Afternoon
James jammed the transmission into park and quickly exited the cab, completely ignoring the parking meter standing sentinel in front of the truck’s grill. They can fucking ticket me, he thought, nearly running across the hospital parking lot in his rush to reach his family.
Serena was standing just outside the hospital entrance. She was talking quietly into her Blackberry, probably to her boyfriend, Mark. She looked cool and elegant as always, but the mindless way she was staring across the ugly industrial street while gnawing on the thumbnail of one hand was a dead giveaway – she was in a state of high anxiety.
He grabbed her elbow to gain her attention. She sighed in relief as she held the phone to her chest and pulled him in for a hug. “James. It’s awful. Lacey’s in trouble. I feel so helpless,” she sobbed against his neck, clinging to him in a rare display of vulnerability that made James go rigid with fear.
He patted her back and held her close. “Is she ok?” He asked, dreading the answer but needing to hear it anyway.
Serena pulled back far enough to look up at him. “She`s in so much pain.” She shook her head in wonder. “Just like last time. It`s awful. I went in after they kicked Jack out of the birthing room. I didn`t even know they could do that but apparently they can. He kept yelling at the doctor to ‘knock her the fuck out.’ But Lacey was scared it might hurt the baby, so she refused.” She took a step away from him and wiped her eyes with the sleeve of her white blouse, trying to gain her usual composure. 
“It’s ok, Ess. Lacey is tough. She puts up with Jack, right? So she must be.”
Serena grinned at his weak attempt at humour and nodded. “I am never ever having sex again,” she said with complete conviction. “Mark isn’t going to like it but I don’t want any part of that.” She pointed towards the hospital entrance. “It was like a horror movie. The screaming. It kept going on and on. I had to leave for a minute or I was going to lose my shit entirely.”
“Understandable. I’m sure Mark will live with permanent blue balls if that’s what you want. Did the doctor say anything about the baby?”
“He’s hanging in there. But we won’t really know anything until the little jerk makes his entrance. But it’s too early. Way too early.” A fresh gush of tears overflowed onto her flushed cheeks and she turned her face away. 
“Damn it.” James reached out and squeezed her shoulders. “It’ll be ok. It will. You’ve got to believe that.” What he wouldn’t give to say the right thing for once. Everything in him needed to take the hurt away from his cousin but instead he was making lame statements and promises that held no validity. 
She shook her head. “I looked it up on my phone and preemies are prone to heart and respiratory problems at best. Brain damage is also a possibility. So that is really not ‘ok’ in the slightest.” 
“No. It isn’t.” He said, glumly. “You ready to go back in?” He asked, pointing towards the entrance.
She shook her head and widened her eyes in horror. “No. Thanks. I’ll hang out here for a while. Mark’s on his way.” She held up the phone to indicate that she still had him on the line. She waved James off, calling after him. “Come get me… if there’re any changes, ok?” 
A few moments later James burst through the maternity ward elevator doors, nearly running into a harried-looking nurse as he jogged down the hallway. He apologized absently and began scanning the waiting area for familiar faces. He didn’t have to look far. Everyone was already there, including his mom, looking worried and frantic as she sat beside Jack on a row of chairs, holding his big hand with both of hers. Her twin sister, Joan, sat on his other side, holding Jack’s little boy, Kaleb, on her lap. Together the pair of middle-aged women created protective identical bookends around his brother. 
Lacey’s mom, Diana Ferguson, was pacing in front of the small gathering of family members, looking pale, worn and nearly out of her mind with worry. 
No sign of Jeremy or Jacob, but he assumed they were probably on their way here or had left for just a few minutes. None of them would be anywhere else if Jack needed them. And Lacey? Well, the truth was that each of the Kingston Brothers had a soft spot for Jack’s sweet, yet sassy, wife. She was the kind of women they all dreamed of having in their lives someday. 
Lacey was nothing like Jack’s first wife, who’d been cold, condescending and very, very unhappy. She’d died here in this very hospital after a motor vehicle accident. James fervently prayed that this would not be a case of history repeating itself. 
Panic welled up in his chest as he thought about the very grim possibility of them losing Lacey. Jack wouldn’t survive this time. James knew this with absolute certainty. His brother would return to that emotionally cold, remote place he’d retreated to before but this time he’d never, ever return. Despite their differences, James couldn’t bear it if his brother had to go through that kind of pain again. He wasn’t an easy person to get along with, especially lately, but he was a good man and a truly great husband and father.
Jack was the first to notice his arrival. His big brother had been hunched over, his head hanging down over his open lap, his elbow propped up on one knee. The pose of a man in complete despair. When he saw James approaching, however, his devastated demeanor altered dramatically. 
All signs of the distraught husband and father disappeared as Jack reared back and glared up at him. “What the hell are you doing here?” He growled.
James held up his hands in what he hoped was a calming gesture. “Jay. C’mon. Where else would I be? Is she ok? Has the doctor said anything?” 
Jack slowly eased out of the uncomfortable-looking chair. His light eyes blazed up at James as he uncoiled from a sitting position and stood until they were nearly nose to nose. “That’s really none of your business, is it?” Jack snarled.   
Words failed James once again. He had no idea how to diffuse the rampant hostility emanating from his brother. In any other situation, he would probably use his fists to get his point across, but this didn’t really feel like the time or place for a scuffle, even though medical attention was close at hand for a change. 
Fortunately for him, his petite, dark-haired mother stepped in. She placed a hand on Jack`s arm and tried to nudge him back a few inches. When he stubbornly refused to step down, she put her hands on her hips and gave them both her most imperious look. 
“Jackson. You stop this now,” she said in a stern voice. “I realize you’re angry with how your brother handled things, but he’s a member of this family. And we come together to support each other when things go wrong. So, I will thank you to not be so petty and mean-spirited. I’m quite sure I did not raise you to be such a stubborn mule. Even under these extreme circumstances.”
James couldn’t help it. He gave his brother a smug look.  “Yeah. Jack. Stop being such a mule.”
Before he knew what was happening, his mother was reaching up to grab his ear. She tugged unmercifully until he was forced to lower his face to her much lower level. A loud, embarrassingly high-pitched “ouch” escaped his lips but no one intervened on his behalf.
Marie Kingston held his gaze for several long seconds. He nearly squirmed under her intense scrutiny but didn’t try to pull away. It would be useless. Besides, he kind of deserved her censure, didn’t he? He had screwed up at Soleil and had impulsively left the family business to punish Jack. And then he’d pretty much abandoned his family to make a point. He’d been an asshole of the first order. 
Obviously his own mother agreed. She gave his earlobe a vicious twist and spoke through gritted teeth. “And you. My sweet, quiet boy. When did you turn into such a selfish, insensitive brute? Can’t you see how much you hurt your brother when you left the business? He was devastated.”
“Mom.” Jack grumbled. “That is a gross exaggeration.”
She ignored him and remained focused on James. “Did you even know your sister-in-law was having a hard time? No. Because you were too busy thinking of yourself. That ends now. Mister. Do you hear me?” He nodded. “You will resume your place in this family, even if you refuse to be part of the business. Is that clear?” 
“Yes, ma’am.” He said sarcastically.
She let go of his ear and looked up at him with such profound disappointment that he was instantly filled with gut-wrenching remorse. 
His mother had always been so kind and gentle with him. Unlike his father, she’d celebrated his uniqueness rather than reproaching him to be more like his talented brothers. She’d patiently listened to him when his stutter was so bad that it took long, horrendous minutes to spit out a complete sentence. Not once had she tried to rush or prompt him, which always seemed to make the stammering escalate.
Now she was disgusted with him. She’d never looked at him like this before. Not all the times he’d stayed in his room like a coward to avoid being ribbed by his brothers. Not when he failed several assignments in school that required public speaking. Not even when he’d puked his guts out at that damn Christmas pageant. He wouldn’t have survived being the lesser Kingston Brother if not for her unwavering support.
“Mom, I didn’t mean to –,” he started to protest but she cut him off with one raised hand as the doctor came through the door. 
The small, weary-looking man beckoned Jack forward and gave the entire family a grim smile. “It’s time. She’s doing great for someone who’s been in labour for 32 hours. Somehow she had the strength to demand that I come get him,” he waved one hand at Jack, “or she was going to stop pushing.” He gave Jack at stern look. “But no threatening the hospital staff with bodily harm, ok?” The diminutive doctor looked like a child wearing a Halloween costume next to Jack’s towering presence, but he stood firm when Jack attempted to nudge him out of the way.
“I’m serious. You won’t help her by making a scene. Are we clear on that?” 
“Not making any promises, Doc. But I’ll do my best.” Jack nodded eagerly and stepped forward, his animosity towards James completely forgotten as he rushed down the hallway with the doctor to see his wife.  
Marie immediately sunk down onto the hard chair Jack had just vacated and leaned against her sister’s shoulder for support. “Come sit down, Jimmy,” she patted the seat next to her. “It won’t be long now.”
He shook his head. He was way too wired to sit down, so he stood by the entrance to the waiting area, crossing his arms over his chest and staring intently at the door to the birthing wing, silently willing Jack or the doctor or someone to come through with good news.
Several minutes passed in complete silence. Lacey’s mother came over and sat down on the other side of his Aunt Joan. Diana looked down at her grandbaby held tightly in Joan’s arms and touched his soft cheek. The gesture was so poignant and sweet that James felt a weird lump of emotion welling up in his throat. Marie and Diana shared a smile as the sleepy toddler grinned toothlessly up at them, completely oblivious to the drama unfolding around him.
The three older women had regularly assisted Lacey in caring for the boy since she’d been on bed rest. Now they were facing the possibility of helping to care for a very sick child as well. He had no doubt they would do so without complaint. They were family and that’s what these people did when tragedy struck. How had he lost sight of that? Instead of reaching out to his family when he was miserable, he’d shunned them. Ass-hat move of all time.
The elevator dinged and James turned, hoping to find Serena returning from her parking lot freak-out. Instead Jacob was standing there, holding a tray full of take-out coffees.
James stared at him in disbelief.
“What?” Jacob said, looking nonplussed as he stepped off the lift and loped towards them. He was still wearing the loose, shiny black jogging shorts and running shoes from yesterday but now he was sporting a hot pink, fuzzy cashmere hoodie to cover his naked chest. 
James chuckled and shook his head, amazed as always at his brother’s ability to lighten any situation. “Wow. Man. What are you wearing? Couldn’t they find you some scrubs or something?” Good Lord, were those large, fluffy pom-poms hanging from the hood`s drawstrings? Only Jacob could pull that look off without looking like a complete drag-queen.
Jacob shrugged as he walked the few steps to where his mom and aunt sat. He set the coffees down on the table beside their mother, handing her one with an adoring smile. He really was a Mama’s Boy, though he would never admit it. “It’s Serena’s. It’s all she had in the car when Jack texted her yesterday. What? Don’t you like it? I think pink is my colour.” He made a weight-lifters pose, flexing his muscles, causing the rosy material of the hoodie to bulge over his straining pecs and biceps. The women nearby laughed quietly, easing some of the tension from the room, so he switched poses, loving the attention, as usual.
When he was done thoroughly charming the ladies, including a few passing nurses, with his impromptu body-building routine, he walked back to where James was standing and gave him a triumphant grin. “Seriously, you would not believe how many women have smiled at me because of this shirt.” He flipped one of the pom-poms, making it dance. “It’s better than a puppy or a baby. Swear to God. I’m throwing a red sock in with everything I own next time I do laundry.” 
“Pretty sure they think you’re colour-blind and feel sorry for you.” James grinned at Jacob’s crestfallen expression. Turning serious he rubbed his whiskered chin and gave his younger brother a speculative look. “How do you do that?” He asked softly, genuinely curious how Jacob always managed to make people smile under just about any circumstances.
Jacob gave him an arrogant look. “Do what? Have the body of a god? It’s called working out. You should look into it.” Jacob poked a finger into James’ hard side. “Getting a little flabby there, Jimmy Dean. Miss Lauren was admiring my rock-hard abs just yesterday. You may have to step up your regimen if you want to keep her interested. Or just ease back on the sausage.” He winked at his brother and started to walk away.
All amusement fled as James’ arm shot out, completely blocking his brother’s exit. “Never mind my sausage consumption. Why would Lauren have seen your abs exactly?”
Jacob raised a challenging eyebrow at him. “We went for a little ride yesterday morning. Man, she is sweet. And those tits. Whew. They were made for motor-boating, don’t you think?” He made a rather disgusting sound by flapping his lips together while miming holding two grapefruit-sized objects up to his face.
James saw red. With just a few offensive words, Jacob managed to completely erase all the warm and fuzzy feelings he’d been having towards his family. His brother had a talent for saying the right thing most of the time, but every once in a while he miscalculated and said the absolute worst thing imaginable. That was the case here. As a result, James went from amused to enraged between one breath and the next. 
Fists clenched at his side he glowered down at his mischievous brother and spoke through barred teeth. His expression would have looked like a smile if it wasn’t quite so terrifying. “If you want to keep your limbs intact, I strongly suggest you keep your dirty mind off Lauren’s tits. In fact, unless you want to end up in the foundation of one of our buildings, I think you should refrain from going on any more rides with her. Ever. Got that?”
Jacob had the balls to laugh in his face. “Oh man. You should see your face. You look like your ginger-melon is about to explode.”
“Seriously, not funny.” James felt his inner temperature valve easing back into normal range but he still wasn’t very happy with his little brother. Hitting on Lauren, even in jest, was not acceptable.
Jacob was shaking his head in amusement. “No. Hilarious is probably a more accurate description.”
James pointed at Jacob. “You’re an asshole. So she wasn’t admiring your scrawny manorexic abs?”
Jacob turned serious. “Of course she was. And who could blame her? But it was completely innocent.” He patted his brother on the shoulder. “Relax, Big Guy. And Serena was chaperoning our little ride, so don’t get your ginch in a wad about that either. Not that it should matter. You did say you were done with her on Sunday, right?” He taunted. “Immediately after you did the walk of shame from her place?”
James flinched back as if he’d been slapped. Damn it. He had said that. He’d meant it at the time too. Unfortunately, he’d been spending every damn second since trying to figure out what he’d done to drive her from her own apartment at the crack of dawn. Everything in him said it was time to cut his losses but he still wasn’t quite able to let it go. He was addicted to her. There was no other explanation. 
He’d woken up in her apartment two days ago to find himself completely alone. At first he’d just stayed put, hoping she’d return with breakfast in bed for both of them. That hadn’t happened. Twenty minutes had passed as he’d laid there, savoring the smell of her hair on the pillow and dozing. Eventually he’d left the comfort of her small bedroom, slipped on his jeans and went out to the kitchen to see if she’d left him a note somewhere. Nothing. Just the world’s ugliest cat looking up at him with cold judgment in those tilted eyes.
In complete denial, James had convinced himself that she was one of those fitness freaks who ran every morning. Maybe that was why she’d grown so thin? In that case, she was going to need something to eat when she got home. He went to her fridge and found it completely empty except for a few bottles of water and an economy-sized jar of salsa. Nothing remotely edible to be found in there.
He slammed the door shut in frustration and thought about leaving. Just for a fraction of a second the insecure nerd in him made a brief appearance and nearly convinced him that she’d left because she was done with him. He’d scratched her itch and had now she had no more use for him. James quickly shut that thought down. 
He’d given her everything he had last night and it should have been enough to convince her there was something real between them. He’d felt it. And he was just about 100% certain she’d felt it too. With every word and gesture she’d let him know that she was his. They had something. There was no denying it. He just couldn’t accept that she would reject him like this after the night they’d just shared. 
Grabbing the extra set of keys hanging from the rack beside the door he’d calmly walked across the parking lot to the nearby shopping village. He was gone maybe twenty minutes, but she still hadn’t returned when he re-entered her apartment with several bags of groceries. Resigned, he made breakfast and waited. Then he ate the food he’d prepared and waited some more, not even tasting anything he put in his mouth but needing something to do to fill the empty minutes.
Finally, he couldn’t take it anymore. She obviously wasn’t coming back and he’d been the world’s biggest fool to hang around. He thought about leaving a nasty note or some other small act of retribution, but he wasn’t that guy. Besides, he still cared for her, even if she didn’t return his feelings, or more likely, wouldn’t allow herself to return them. As much as her rejection stung doing anything hurtful to her wasn’t in his make-up. So, he wrote a quick note, fed her hideous cat and walked out, strategically leaving his hammer on the counter as a gambit to see her again.
Pathetic. Oh Yeah. 
But who could blame him? He’d never experienced anything even remotely comparable to being with Lauren. Fucking The Harem or any other woman for sport had always been fun and pleasurable but it had never been so unbelievably intense. Having sex with Lauren in his truck on the night of the auction had been mind-blowing but even that hadn’t come close to what had transpired after the fire alarm. The way she’d moved, the sounds she made, even the way she’d smelled and the silkiness of her skin: these characteristics were imprinted on his memory in vivid tones that put all of his earlier sexual experiences in the shade. The fleetest thought of her gave him such a raging hard-on that no amount of cold showers or jerking off could deflate his suddenly insatiable dick. His constant semi made him feel like a fourteen year-old boy with illicit access to porn. He`d been sporting some serious wood for two days straight. Until the text from Serena had arrived this afternoon, notifying him that he should come to the hospital to support Jack while Lacey was in early labour. 
It still stung that this missive had arrived more than a day after the rest of his family had been informed but Jack had been adamant that he not be notified. Serena, never one to care what anyone thought, had contacted him anyway. She knew how much he cared about Lacey. No matter the sorry circumstances with Jack he was here now and at least the hospital seemed to be the antidote to his permanently erect state. 
“Why were you riding around with her anyway?” He asked his brother, trying to sound casual and failing miserably.
Jacob gave him a knowing look. “Oh man. You’re going to ask if she said anything about you, aren’t you? It’s like Kimmie Thompson in high school all over again. You are so gonzo over this girl. I don’t get it.” 
James gave him a warning look. “What don’t you get? You said she was sweet. She is. At least when she’s not blowing me off. And she’s smart and funny. And pretty. Right?” His tone brooked absolutely no argument.
“Oh. I get the attraction. Believe me. Those tits are reason enough for a guy to lose his head.” 
“You really need to stop talking about her tits,” James growled.
Jacob held up his hands. “Fair enough. But they really are worth mentioning, at least a few more times. What I meant was, you’re mooning over her and she’s definitely mooning right back. So, why aren’t you two together? It doesn’t compute.”
James sighed and threw his hands up in the air in disgust. “I have no freaking idea. She keeps pushing me away.” He ran both hands through his hair in frustration. “Her dad died recently. The night we met actually. I don’t know the full story but I think she’s punishing herself or something. I have no idea how to make her see that I’m not going anywhere. But she won’t give me a chance.”
“Have you told her that?”
“Not in so many words. But she should know. I, uh, showed her.”
“Ah. Jimmy Dean.” Jacob frowned and shook his head in pity. “Sex is not the way. At least not the only way. Women sometimes need to be convinced that you’re committed. Most of all they need to hear it. The grand gesture, you know. Like in all those chick flicks and romance novels.”
James grunted without comment, not liking the direction this conversation was taking.
Jacob clapped him on the back. “You’re a man a few words and that’s really biting you in the ass now, isn’t it?”
James rolled his eyes. “Why are you giving me relationship advice exactly? You’ve been spending quality time exclusively with your right hand since you’ve been back. Am I right?”
Unoffended, Jacob nodded. “True. But fortunately for me, my hand and I are very happy together. No one does it better. But that doesn’t change the fact that you know I’m right.”
James narrowed his eyes and gave his brother a doubtful look. “Maybe.”
“So, will you trust me when I tell you how to win your lady fair?”
James stared down at his brother. It didn’t seem possible but he was about to take romance advice from a grown man wearing a fuzzy, pink sweater.
Chapter Fifteen
Tuesday Night
“I can’t believe you’re here.” Lauren shook her head and set the purple coffee cup on her small dining table in front of her guest. Smiling, she sat down across from him and took a fortifying sip from her own cup.
Mitch DaSilva returned her smile and reached across the table to pat her hand. “You have no idea how relieved I was to hear from you. When I saw the ‘sold’ sign on your house last month I nearly lost it. Jon had to talk me out of hiring a private detective to hunt you down, if you can believe that.”
Lauren giggled at this image. Usually Jon, Mitch’s partner, was the theatrical one in their relationship, always jumping to conclusions and creating drama out of nothing. If he was the one talking Mitch down from a freak-out, then her friend must have really been beside himself when he realized she was no longer living in her father’s home. 
“I’m sorry. I should have called sooner,” she said, squeezing his fingers in a gesture that was so familiar she was instantly transported back to the tacky kitchen in her old house where they had spent so many evenings re-hashing their days. It felt so odd to be talking to him in a normal speaking voice; so many of their conversations had been whispered to avoid disturbing her dad. 
It was also strange to see Mitch dressed in anything but scrubs. Tonight he looked like a retired golf pro in knee-length khaki shorts that showed off his tan legs and a pale yellow, crew-neck sweater that stretched across his broad shoulders in a very flattering manner that his scrubs had never achieved. His silver hair was still full and lush but he’d cut it very short, emphasizing those fantastic grey eyes. If anything, he looked even more handsome than she remembered.
She’d called him this evening, hoping to re-connect on some level. Her expectation had been for a cold reception but she’d been hopeful that she could convince him to meet for coffee sometime next week. To her surprise and delight, Mitch had shown up at her condo about ten minutes later, so eager for a reunion that he’d cut his tennis game short and abandoned Jon at the country club to take a cab.
Mitch pressed one hand against his chest. “No, I’m sorry. I was completely out of line at the hospital that night. You had every right to be pissed with me. I don’t know what came over me. I think I’d been holding back so much anger at your dad for so long. I just couldn’t watch you take on anymore guilt. But I should have kept it to myself. Lord knows, I’d had a LOT of practice.”
Lauren gave him a confused look. “Was he that bad? Really?”
Mitch widened his eyes in disbelief. “You’re lucky you’re in denial, Honey. Let me tell you, it was like watching a bad Lifetime movie. You have no idea how hard it was being a witness to the way he treated you. You were like a P.O.W., or one of those messed up kidnapping victims who thinks they’re in love with their keepers.” He shuddered at the memory.
She snorted at his description. “Oh please. You make it sound like he beat me with a tire iron on a regular basis. He never hurt me. Not really. He couldn’t help the way he was.” But Mitch wasn’t always there so he didn’t really know what happened at night. That was when her father’s moods would escalate. She thought back to the many times Tony had grabbed her hand hard enough to bruise. Or the tantrums where he’d throw things at her or even worse, the constant barrage of criticism that she could never seem to escape. 
Mitch gave her a sympathetic look. “I think there’s all kinds of abuse. Some of it’s more subtle than a bitch-slap across the face or a kick in the ass. Even if he never did any of those things, you still seemed to flinch whenever he spoke to you. Your whole demeanor changed when he was in the room. It was like you deflated. And that’s pretty much textbook victim behaviour.”
She frowned at him. “That’s not true. You make me sound like some kind of cowering weakling.”
“I never said anything about being weak. You certainly aren’t that. But when I met you nine years ago you were this ambitious, cheerful little firecracker. But then you seemed to retreat more and more until you were hardly there at all. While I helplessly watched you fade away. I didn’t know how to stop it but I knew your dad was responsible. And I’m pretty sure he knew exactly what he was doing.”
She gave him an incredulous look. “Mitch. You make it sound like he kept me in the basement and fed me table scraps. I left the house all the time.”
“To work. And once every two years or so you’d finally get fed up and escape for a few hours. You’d feel so guilty afterward, it wasn’t even worth it. That’s not normal. Even for a full-time caregiver. Do you want to know what I think?”
“Jeez. Not really.” Lauren said with a gentle smile. “I knew we were dysfunctional but you’re making it sound like I was brainwashed or something.”
He ignored her. “I’m convinced that he wanted to suck the life out of you, like some kind of emotional vampire.” He curled his hands into claw-like talons to emphasize his point.
She rolled her eyes. “That’s ridiculous. He was sick but not evil. Never that.”
 Mitch leaned forward. “I know you probably don’t believe this but I think he resented the fact that you were young, healthy and had your whole life ahead of you. He was miserable so he liked making you miserable as well. It made him feel powerful to watch you suffer.”
His words had a certain ring of truth to them. Lauren bit her lip and looked down at the floor where Brutus was winding around Mitch’s legs and purring loudly. Had her situation been as bad as Mitch suggested? She remembered being unhappy, angry and even a bit scared of her father at times but not because she believed him to be genuinely malevolent. Tony Gardiner had been many things: angry, irrational and demanding among them but she also believed wholeheartedly that he couldn’t help himself. The brain injury, plus the subsequent strokes had created this person who made her life unpleasant. Her dad, the man who loved her, had actually died the night of the car accident. She’d never got a chance to mourn him until now. As a result, she felt like she’d actually lost her father twice.
Since the night of his death, she’d tried so hard to remember her dad fondly. She wanted to miss him. She really did but negative thoughts had a way of creeping in whenever she thought of him. Keeping busy and avoiding the temptation to focus on the past had been her coping mechanism of choice so far. But denying these memories of her former life didn’t erase it. She needed to come to terms with the way she’d allowed herself to be deprived of a normal life. Her dad had played a big part in that but she was also to blame. She was the one who should have stepped up and admitted that perhaps living with her wasn’t the best alternative for him. If she’d placed him in professional care, maybe, just maybe he’d still be alive today. But her guilt over the accident and her pride in being a caregiver didn’t allow her to admit that she couldn’t handle him or that she couldn’t give him what he needed. As a result, she’d done them both a huge disservice. 
Mitch waved his hand as if erasing an imaginary blackboard. “But never mind all that. Tell me about your love life. Anything noteworthy happen at that auction? I hear there was some prime stuff for sale. Did you buy yourself some hot, sweaty loving?” 
Lauren looked away from Mitch’s perceptive gaze. Feigning complete fascination with the napkin holder in the middle of the small table, she giggled nervously. “Of course not. Why would you think that?”
Mitch narrowed his eyes suspiciously. “I was kidding. So why does your face look like a tomato?”
Lauren gave him a wide-eyed stare. “I have no idea.” She grasped for a distraction and settled on his coffee cup. She pointed at it. “Did you want some more cream for your coffee?” 
She started to get up, but Mitch held up a hand to stop her. “Lo. C’mon. Spill it.”
“Fine.” Sighing, she sat back down and crossed her arms. “I sort of met someone, but I doubt it’ll work out.
“Why on Earth would you say that? Is there something wrong with this guy?” Mitch frowned fiercely.
“The guy is pretty much perfect. He’s sweet and romantic and talented. Not to mention, ungodly sexy. Seriously, you don’t even want to get me started on his body. It`s so good that if I had an ounce of talent I would write a poem about his butt. And not a limerick either. A full-length sonnet maybe. At the very least it deserves its own website or Instagram account.”
Mitch chuckled at her dreamy look. “He sounds incredible. So why aren’t you worshipping his poetry-worthy butt right now?”
“Because of me. I`m the problem.” She picked at the table cloth nervously. “James, that’s his name, is all in. Or he was a few days ago. But I keep pulling away. Not because I don’t want him, but because I do. It’s terrifying to even think about committing to someone and turning into my mother. Or worse, my father.”
Mitch shook his head. “I never met your mom but I can definitely confirm that you are nothing like that man.”
Lauren shrugged. “You never know. Maybe it’s in me. I could have the potential to be just like him. Or maybe it’s learned behaviour. Either way, at the very least I’m not exactly relationship material. You said yourself how dysfunctional I am. How would I ever have a healthy relationship with anyone?” Her hand moved protectively down to her stomach and she winced as she thought of the challenges a potential child would face with her as its mother. 
“You know that’s ridiculous, right?” Mitch said, giving her a downright annoyed look.
“Ridiculous? Hardly.” She smiled bravely to show him that she was untroubled by her inability to relate to people. “Listen, I haven’t had one successful relationship. Not one! That doesn’t exactly speak to my abilities to have one in the future.” She leaned down to scratch Brutus’ chin. “My most enduring friendship is with a cat, and only because he’s essentially my prisoner.”
“What about me?” Mitch shrugged.
“Um. I paid you for nine years. To take care of my dad, yes, but to be my friend, too.”
“So that’s all I was, a friendship whore to you? I feel so cheap.”
Lauren rolled her eyes. “You know what I mean. You would have left if not for the paycheck.”
“No, I wouldn’t,” he said without hesitation.
She stared at him blankly. “What do you mean?”
Mitch sighed and swept a hand over his smooth grey hair. “It was never my intention to be a full-time care-aide. Part-time was all I was looking for. The Health Unit sent me to you by accident. But I met you, saw your situation with your dad and I couldn’t walk away. Money has never been an issue for us. Jon is one of the most successful interior designers in Washington State. My job was just my way of avoiding being a kept man. To keep my independence.”
Lauren’s eyes widened in stunned realization. “But you hardly ever even took a vacation. Never missed a day. Why would you do that if not for the money?”
He covered both her hands with his large ones and stared intently across the table at her intently. “Because you needed me. That’s why.”
Lauren blinked quickly, trying to mask the tears suddenly filling her eyes. “Let me get this straight. You worked a really unpleasant job, for a man you seriously disliked, for nine years, without hardly a break. You did all that? For me?”
Mitch stood up and walked around the small table. Reaching down he pulled her from the chair and hugged her close, squeezing her against his broad chest. “I did.” He spoke softly into her hair. “And I’d do it again. You’re that loveable. Don’t you know that?”
She shook her head, completely unable to speak. Those tears she`d been fighting started to fall, soaking his strong shoulder as she finally allowed herself to let go of the past.
*****
Twenty minutes later, Lauren had pulled herself together and was sitting at the kitchen counter, watching Mitch prepare dinner for her. She’d offered to help but he’d insisted that she relax while he chopped, stirred and regaled her with the highlights from his recent Mediterranean cruise with Jon. Apparently they had been making up for lost time, vacation-wise.
She snatched a pinch of shredded mozzarella from a nearby bowl. Mitch was about to spread the cheese over a giant pan of lasagna he’d just assembled. Lauren watched this process with interest, suddenly ravenous for the first time in a very long time.
Mitch was describing a rather heated argument between Jon and the perky cruise director when he suddenly stopped and gave her a strange look. “Did you hear that?”
She swallowed her mouthful of cheese and stared blankly at him. “Hear what?”
A small pinging sound echoed through the tiny apartment.
“That.” Mitch said, pointing with a wooden spoon towards the large window at the opposite end of the room. “Is it hailing out?”
“It’s sunny. Can’t be hail,” Lauren said as she climbed down from her barstool.
Tentatively, she approached the window, wondering if the vandal was back. Perhaps he’d tired of graffiti and had moved onto breaking glass for a change of pace. But when she reached the window there was no sign of the small blonde boy in the courtyard below. 
There was, however, a very large, beautiful Kingston brother, standing under her balcony with a handful of gravel and a rather sick-looking smile on his face.
Chapter Sixteen
Of course, there just had to be what felt like a massive crowd of people enjoying Soleil`s park-like setting this evening. The huge shade trees and benches around the courtyard`s perimeter provided an ideal location for walkers and cyclists to take a rest before continuing on their nightly treks. These visitors, plus the building’s residents using their balconies, made for a lot of witnesses to James’ humiliation if his brother’s plan went wrong. 
Most of these spectators seemed to be watching the scene unfolding beneath Lauren’s balcony with undisguised amusement. One middle-aged woman in a lime-green track suit paused to blatantly stare at James as her ancient pug foraged in the grass by her feet. 
Trying unsuccessfully to ignore his audience, James raised his arm to throw another small rock at Lauren`s second floor window. He felt his heart beat a little faster when the door between her living room and balcony cracked open. Her pretty face appeared and then the rest of her body eased through the slightly open door. He lowered his arm and took in the sight of her. She was wearing jeans and a pink tank top that perfectly matched the polished toenails he could see poking over the edge of the doorjamb as she paused and stared down at him in surprise.
She moved tentatively forward, like a skittish forest creature trying to avoid drawing attention to herself. Her darting eyes and the fearful hunch to her shoulders made him want to ditch Jacob`s plan entirely. Scaring her was the last thing he`d meant to do but she obviously thought he was here to confront her about abandoning him the other morning. Everything in her demeanor said she was bracing herself for an unpleasant scene. Yet she came out to talk to him anyway. His girl was brave, no doubt about it.
She`d boldly stood up to Jack the other night too. Yet the woman on the balcony seemed too timid to stand up to a kitten, let alone a fierce giant like his intimidating brother. She was obviously capable of being bold and yet there was no sign of that quality tonight. He hated seeing her so fearful, especially considering he was the one who’d put that wary look on her face. Right then he vowed to himself that he would do whatever was necessary to take that furtiveness from her eyes permanently. Whatever her father had done to create that look, he was going to erase it by loving the hell out of her. If she`d just let him.
 “James, what’re you doing here? Is the buzzer broken?” She asked pointing down towards the front entrance where an intercom system monitored the security of the building.
He shook his head. “I didn’t try it.”
Her eyebrows went up in surprise. “Oh. Did you want me to just bring down your hammer?” She turned to go back inside. “I’ll just go get it.”
“No.” He nearly shouted. Panicked, he reached up as if to stop her.
She slowly turned back toward him and crossed her arms protectively over her chest. “Why are you here then? If not for the hammer?” She asked with a slight quiver in her voice.
The hammer. He`d forgotten that he`d left it here as an excuse to see her again. It would be so easy to pretend that he was standing under her balcony like an idiot to retrieve his tool but that wasn`t his purpose at all. He was here on mission he planned to complete, even if it killed him. 
“Actually, I didn’t try the buzzer because it didn’t seem very romantic. This is me, being romantic.” He spread his arms wide to indicate the courtyard. “You’re just lucky I’m not standing here with a boom box and a trench coat.”
Lauren giggled at his “Say Anything” movie reference and seemed to relax a bit. Her reaction filled him with relief. The odds were good that if she was smiling and laughing at him, she wasn’t going to call the police. Not yet anyway.
“You’re not going to serenade me, are you?” She asked, her expression shifting to mild horror at the prospect. “Because I’m pretty sure that would end up on YouTube. And neither of us wants that.”
The potential for Internet humiliation hadn’t even occurred to him. Trying not to be too obvious, he darted a glance around, looking for someone holding up a cell phone but no one appeared to be filming. Just staring. 
Oh God. What was he doing here? Why had he listened to Jacob? His brother had sworn the whole balcony scene would make her swoon, but he was the one feeling light-headed with nerves. Would barfing into one of the nearby potted plants be a deal-breaker? Probably. 
“No song. No dance. Just me.” James allowed the gravel he’d been holding to trickle from his hand as he took a few deep breaths to gather his courage. He really hadn’t been expecting an audience for this but it was too late now. He schooled his features into a slightly less terrified expression and held up his hands to her like Romeo. “I’m here to convince you to give us a chance. Or possibly I’m here to get arrested. The outcome is kinda up to you.”
She pressed her hand to her chest and stepped forward until she was practically leaning over the balcony railing. “Why would you get arrested?” She asked, lowering her already soft voice to an almost-whisper.
He dropped his arms. “Well, you did send a pretty clear message the other morning.  And I’m back for more. Some people might consider that obsessive stalkerish behaviour.”
She instantly looked contrite. “James, I’m so sorry. I shouldn’t have handled the situation like that. But before you go any further, can I say something?”
He shook his head. “Honestly, I don’t think I’m going to survive too much longer without losing my lunch. Let me get this off my chest. Then you can call the cops or sic your cat on me if you want. Okay?”
She covered her smiling lips with the fingers of one hand and nodded.
“What I came here to say is that to me you`re like that piece of land.” He pointed to his construction site across the alley with his cocked thumb. 
She raised an amused eyebrow. “You think I’m undersized and oddly shaped?” 
Oh man, this had sounded so much better in his head. This is what he got for trying to talk. Jacob had told him that he needed to be honest and original if he wanted to win her. His brother had been adamant that women respond to sincerity, not lines. As a result he was trying to express how he felt about her. Unfortunately for him, his Cyrano wanna-be hadn`t been terribly specific about how to do that without sounding like a complete pussy. Now he was going to have to strangle Jacob just as soon as this nightmare was over. But first he had to finish humiliating himself. Nothing left to do but keep going. This torture would be worth it, if she didn’t slam the door in his face and retreat back into her apartment.
He ran his hand through his hair in frustration. “No, your shape is perfect. What I meant was; that buying that lot was something I did on impulse, probably for the wrong reasons but sometimes the right thing just finds you. Meeting you, being with you that night at the auction was a dumb-ass move. But I think it may have been the smartest dumb-ass move I’ve ever made. Do you get what I mean?”
She shook her head but looked intrigued. That was a good sign.
“It’s like this.” He said a silent prayer that this would come out right. Just this once. “I know that I’ll probably never get fair market value for that lot. And I don’t care.” He shrugged. “Because fair market value is something you consider when you’re planning on getting rid of something someday. That`s not my intention here. Not anymore. My plan is to hold onto it forever because I recognize its potential but mostly because it’s mine.” He pressed one hand to the middle of his chest, where his heart seemed to be beating in double-time. “That particular lot was meant for me. To build on. To create something new and beautiful.” He lowered his hand and paused, desperately trying to keep his voice strong and even, without a hint of stammer. “That’s how I feel about you. You’re like,” he counted off qualities with the fingers of one hand, “the best lot, in the most exclusive neighbourhood. With an ocean view and subway access. Near schools and shopping.” He lowered his hand and raised his chin another inch, allowing her to see all the emotion he’d been trying to hide. “A piece of land like that is a find so rare and nearly unobtainable that making it yours is like winning the lottery. That’s what you are to me, Lauren. My dream home. And if you’re willing to take a chance I will try to be your perfect piece of real estate too.” 
He nearly pumped his fist in triumph. That was, without a doubt, the longest speech of his life. Was it poetry? No. He was never going to be smooth or charming like Jacob. The terms he’d used hadn’t been lyrical but they made sense to him. He just hoped she didn’t misinterpret his analogy to mean he thought of her as property. That would not help his case one bit if she thought he was looking to own her. 
She was watching him with tear-filled eyes. “James. I can’t believe you feel that way. About me.” She shook her head in wonder.
The balcony door opened behind her. James gave it a cursory glance, thinking Brutus had pushed it open. But it wasn’t a mangy cat who stepped out on the balcony. It was a man: a tall, fit-looking older man who was smiling at Lauren with unmistakeable affection.
James’ entire body went cold. He’d thought Lauren was completely alone in the world. That she had no one. At least that’s what she’d said. So, who was this happy asshole hanging out at her condo like he belonged there?
He watched through a red haze as Lauren reached out to the silver-haired man and playfully pulled him out onto the balcony. “James,” she said, still smiling at her houseguest, “this is Mitch. An old friend.” The couple on the balcony stared meaningfully into each other’s eyes and James fought back the urge to climb up on the balcony and pummel the dirty old man into next week.
The confusion and frustration of that moment felt familiar to James. Similar scenes came flooding back to him in a painful rush. All those times he`d gone up in front of the class and been humiliated by his stupid mouth`s inability to form words. The girls he`d failed to charm. Even the teasing from his brothers that he pretended to go along with - not because he found their ribbing funny but because he so desperately wanted to be accepted. All of those unpleasant memories paled in comparison to how it felt to be standing under that balcony, while the woman he wanted cuddled with another man, right in front of him. 
Every instinct demanded that he fight for what he felt was his, but hadn’t he fought enough? He’d pursued this woman from the start. She’d resisted him practically every step of the way that didn’t involve getting naked. He’d even staged this whole ridiculously cheesy balcony scene in order to prove his sincerity. And yet there she was, practically simpering at a man old enough to be her father. The whole time he`d been obsessing over her, she`d been looking for something way more fucked up than what he had to offer. She obviously needed to deal with her freaky daddy complex instead of an actual relationship. 
It was time to cut his losses and retreat. This time permanently.
His body got the message before his head. He was still staring up at Lauren, with his mouth embarrassingly agape, when his feet took action and started walking him away from the horrible sight of Lauren with her arms wrapped around Mr. Viagra Poster-boy.
Unable to form any words of explanation or reproach, he simply turned away, nearly shaking with anger. 
James thought he heard Lauren call out his name, but the pounding in his ears drowned out everything except the pulse of his rage as he retreated to his construction site to escape the second biggest humiliation of his life. 
Chapter Seventeen
Lauren took a fortifying breath and pushed through the makeshift gate. Entering James construction site felt a little like creeping into a lion’s den but she was willing to take a chance that this particular lion was not going to eat her alive. At least not in a bad way. 
Mitch had tried to convince her to give James some time before talking to him. She couldn`t blame her friend for being concerned. James had been livid before he`d retreated from beneath her window. His face had been a mask of betrayal and outrage. He`d looked just a tad crazed and Mitch was actually quite worried that James might hurt her if she approached him alone. 
Lauren wasn`t concerned about her safety. James would never harm her. She knew that like she knew how to breathe. One of the things she adored about him was his passionate nature. He was so different from her. While she was usually so closed off from her emotions, he expressed everything. Maybe not in words but his feelings were always painted on his gorgeous features.
Unlike him, her survival had demanded that she keep everything meaningful tucked away. Her dad had been a master at manipulation. She’d quickly learned that the only defense against someone who was constantly looking for a reaction is to keep her true thoughts and feelings to herself. Goading her into anger or worry or guilt was infinitely less satisfying if she shut down. He’d never tired of winding her up completely but he’d quickly lose interest when she didn’t take the bait. Somewhere along the way she’d lost her ability to connect with any of the emotions she’d purposely stripped away.
James made her feel again. Lust, love, empathy, admiration, longing - all the overwhelming emotions she’d never thought to experience came to life whenever he was near. 
She hadn’t followed him across the alley immediately because normal people, like James, often said things in the heat of the moment that couldn’t be unsaid. She was terrified that if she approached him before he had a chance to cool off he wouldn’t give her another chance. She had repeatedly rejected him, after all. It was really no wonder that he’d thought the worst when Mitch appeared in the middle of his declaration.
She understood his reaction but that didn’t mean she hadn’t been surprised at James’ mercurial behaviour. He had said everything she`d ever wanted someone to say to her. Maybe not the words exactly. His real estate metaphor had been adorably awkward. But the sentiment of want and desire for a real relationship had been clear. He’d also made his grand gesture in public, not his ideal environment, and in such a rom-com perfect way. He had won her over completely this time. No sex required.
Then he’d just walked away. She’d been unprepared for his dramatic exit, especially after making such a heartfelt speech.
She`d tried to call out to him, to explain that Mitch wasn’t any kind of rival. Frankly, she’d been shocked that he’d assume she’d flaunt another man in his face like that. But it was too late. He just kept stomping across the courtyard with his head angled downward in dejection and his fists clenched into tight balls at his side. 
Flummoxed, she’d gone back inside at Mitch’s insistence. She’d lasted through ten minutes of distracted idle chit-chat before the thought of James in pain drove her from her apartment and across the street. Mitch had reluctantly stayed behind, finishing supper, and assuring Lauren that he’d be eavesdropping from the balcony to ‘ensure Mr. Crazy Eyes doesn’t get violent.’
The sound of enthusiastic hammering greeted her ears as she edged past the giant tree and entered the main work site. James stood in the middle of what would someday be a very strange house, but currently consisted of just the skeletal frame. His back was to her and he was leaning over a saw horse, furiously pounding nails into a long piece of lumber. He’d removed his long-sleeved plaid shirt and just a thin grey t-shirt covered his powerful back. He was simply beautiful, even covered in saw dust and sweat. The V-shape of his back made her long to run her fingers over every inch of that wide expanse but she kept her hands to herself, not wanting to startle him.
She cleared her throat and stepped closer, hoping to make him turn around and acknowledge her. 
He paused when her presence registered. She watched as his back went rigid with tension, but then he just resumed hammering with renewed verve.
“James.” She said his name softly, like a prayer. “It’s after 8. Shouldn’t you be done for the night by now?”
“Call the cops if it bothers you so much,” he said petulantly, punctuating each word with a strike of the hammer.
She took another step forward until she was within arm’s reach of that magnificent back. “That’s not what I meant. I know you spent most of the day at the hospital and I just thought you must be tired.”
“I’m fine. You can go now,” he said through gritted teeth. He glanced in her general direction and she saw his stony face for the first time. She’d had no idea James was even capable of looking so icy. Her heart dipped at the realization that she may have really destroyed any chance with him. 
That’s exactly what you deserve, a cold voice she recognized as belonging to her father whispered in her head. But that wasn’t true. She didn’t deserve to be alone. And she didn’t deserve to be blamed for a misunderstanding either.
She raised her chin and put some steel in her usually soft voice. “James. Aren`t you going to turn around and even talk to me?  Fifteen minutes ago I was your dream home. Now you won’t even look at me? Does that seem fair?”
He went completely still and then the hammer went flying from his hand, hitting the trunk of the tree with explosive force. 
Lauren flinched but didn’t retreat. Even in his anger, James had thrown the hammer away from her. She could feel the anger and confusion rolling off him in waves. It poisoned the air around them, creating a maelstrom of chaos and hurt.
She needed to defuse that storm before it escalated even further.
The one thing that had consistently been evident in her interactions with James was the little glimmer of shared humour between them. He wasn`t a joker like his brother, Jacob, but his dry, self-deprecating wit could never quite be restrained, no matter how angry he was. She was convinced that it was this shared connection that would bridge the widening gap between them and bring them closer to getting past the anger. If she could just find the words.
“Here,” she said lamely, holding out the object she’d carried from her apartment. “I brought you a spare.”
James turned his head and stared at the heavy hammer she gripped tightly in her hand. He didn’t smile exactly, but some of the anger left his face.
“What’s that?” He asked, pointing to the handle-grip.
“That’s a scrunchie,” she said, playfully snapping the velvet covered elastic band she’d wrapped around the handle.
He rolled his eyes. “I know what it is. You were wearing it in your hair the other night. Until I pulled it out.” His expression defrosted several degrees at this memory. “But what’s it doing on my hammer?”
She flushed. “Well, I don’t know much about your Knights of the Round Table, but I do remember one thing.” 
He raised an eyebrow at her in surprise. “What’s that?”
She nervously pushed a strand of hair behind her ear. “Well, when a lady wanted to show favour for a particular knight, she’d give him a scarf to wrap around his sword. To let everyone know that he was her champion.” She looked down at the green scrunchie. “That’s my favour.” She raised the hammer a few more inches, even though her arm was getting fatigued from holding it up. “And this is your weapon. Therefore that must mean you’re my champion.”
He grunted. “I’m no champion.”
She nodded her head vigorously. “But you are, you know. My champion and my guy. If you still want to be, that is. No dragon slaying or jousting required. Just us, rescuing each other from missing out on something amazing.”
He blinked once and then his expression softened. “I really would slay a dragon for you, you know,” he said gently. 
Lauren felt hope surge in her chest. “I think you would. Fortunately, my dragons are all gone.”
He gently took the hammer from her and studied the scrunchie. “And what about Mitch? Does he get a scrunchie too?”
She giggled. “Mitch has no interest in my scrunchie. Believe me. Even if he did, I only have the one. And it’s taken.” She stepped close, until she could smell his cologne and feel his tempting body heat. “By you.”
He stared down at her, clearly mistrustful, but not moving away either. He carefully placed Nailslayer in his tool-belt and angled his body towards her, looming over her in that dominating male way that never failed to get her blood pumping. “Are you sure? You two looked pretty cozy up there on the balcony.”
She smiled and reached out to run her fingers across his thick forearm in a soothing manner. “What you saw on my balcony was two friends having themselves a little reunion after four months of irrational grudge-holding on my part.”
“So he’s not an ex-boyfriend?”
She shook her head. “No. Never. Mitch was my dad’s care-aid and he’s really the closest thing I have to family. We had an argument the night of my dad’s stroke. I finally called him tonight because I didn’t want to wallow in isolation anymore.” She gave him a hopeful little smile. “Wallowing really sucks.”
James didn’t return her smile. “You seemed pretty determined to remain in your tiny fortress of solitude two days ago. So what’s so different now?”
“Well, I’m not exactly sure but something shifted.” She shrugged. “I watched Serena and Jacob yesterday, the way they interacted with each other and I realized that I really missed sharing my life with another person. Being a part of some kind of family.”
James’s expression turned cold again and he took a step away from her. “So you’re looking for an instant family. And I’m the easiest way to gain easy access to that?” 
Her fingers fell away from his arm. Getting frustrated, she put both hands on her hips and gave him an exasperated look. “James, honestly, you’re going to have to quick jumping to conclusions and let me finish a thought. Okay?”
Blue eyes blazing, he stared down at her in disappointment. “What? I should be okay that damn Mitch was the person you called when you realized you didn’t want to be alone anymore? Why not me? I’m just, what? The bonus prize?” He shook his head in disbelief. “Can you even see why I might be a bit pissed?”
Lauren gasped at the naked hurt in his expression. She couldn’t even look at him. She was so ashamed she’d done this to him. She`d never even thought how he would interpret her words. 
The reality was that she`d contacted Mitch first because she`d sincerely wanted him in her life again, but also because she needed some practice in talking honestly and openly with another  person before she tried it with James. She was woefully unaccustomed to relating to people in a meaningful way and she was afraid she`d make a mess of the entire conversation if she launched into it without at least a practice run beforehand. As much as she adored Mitch, she would live if he rejected her. But being rejected by James, well, she wasn`t quite sure she`d survive that.
She began to turn away. Coming here had clearly made a mistake. She should have waited, just as Mitch had suggested. 
“I’m sorry,” she said lowering her gaze as she stepped back, nearly tripping over some debris as she made her retreat.
She stumbled and corrected herself, then nearly ran towards the giant tree on unsteady legs. Her hand was on the gate when she felt strong arms wrap around her from behind, nearly lifting her off her feet.
“Lauren,” James whispered into her hair. “Please don’t go. I shouldn’t have said all that. I’m sorry. Talking is never going to be my thing. Forget what I said, okay. Just don’t leave me again. I’ll be your bonus prize, your sex toy, your champion, even your cat wrangler if you’ll just quit running, okay?”
In that moment, the realization hit her – they were going to be alright. Because this big, beautiful, passionate man was willing to chase her when she was scared, to put himself on the line and show vulnerability instead of letting his ego get in the way of them being together. He thought she deserved every single sacrifice he’d made because he cared more about them being together than his own pride. 
As the weight of his love hit her, she vowed to be worthy of him. To heal him just as he’d healed her. To be the woman he deserved.
She layered her arms over his where they rested against her stomach and held them there. Closing her eyes, she savored the feeling of his strong body curled around hers. After several long seconds of just being held in his strong arms she was finally able to speak. “I don’t want to leave you. Not ever. And I like it when you talk, so never stop. Especially the dirty stuff, ok?”
James let out a surprised chuckle and buried his lips in the back of her hair. He breathed against the nape of her neck, sending all kinds of shivers down her spine. “I knew that was the clincher. It was my filthy mouth that won you. Not my balcony scene.” He pressed a warm kiss against the side of her throat and squeezed her tighter against his chest.
“That and about a million other things.” She shrugged helplessly. “I was powerless to resist your smooth-talking charms.”
He laughed dryly at that. “I highly doubt that.”
Wiggling in his arms, she turned until she could see his beautiful face. Reaching up, she pressed her palms to his cheeks. “Just so you know. You aren’t just a bonus prize to me. You’re my perfect piece of real estate too.”
Chuckling, James leaned down and pressed his forehead against hers. “That doesn’t exactly sound romantic; now that I hear you say it.”
Lauren grinned. “It was perfect. I knew exactly what you meant. And I’m so sorry Mitch walked into the middle of your Romeo impression. I’m hoping for a re-do someday soon. With tights?”
He shook his head. “Not likely. One balcony scene per lifetime is my limit. But I’m hoping to demonstrate my feelings in other ways. Lots of other ways.” He pulled her hips closer, until she could feel the hard evidence of his desire pressing against her.
She let out a shocked giggle and pulled back far enough to dart a glance downward. “I thought you were angry.”
He smiled sheepishly. “I was but my dick wasn’t.”
Leaning back she gave him a playful look. “I knew you weren’t that mad.”
He raised an eyebrow. “And how did you know that exactly? I certainly felt pissed off as all hell.”
“Because you came here,” she waved one hand around at the construction site. “If you were done with me you would have headed for your truck.” She gave him a smug look.
“Oh really? You think you’ve got me all figured out?”
She nodded. 
“Just for your information I couldn’t drive out of here, even if I wanted to. Playing Romeo requires some liquid courage. I had a few shots of Jim Beam before I was able to even approach your window. So getting behind the wheel wasn’t really an option.”
She slapped his arm. “You did not!”
“I absolutely did. Have a taste if you don’t believe me.” Leaning down, he kissed her gently but thoroughly.
Mostly James tasted sweet and minty but there was a small hint of smoky alcohol on his mouth as well. When he finally pulled back she gave him a slightly disgruntled look. “You must have been pretty confident that you’d be spending the night if you were downing shots before coming to see me. Should I be insulted?”
“Hardly. If you were heartless enough to resist my romantic overture, I was going to spend the night there.” He pointed to a waist-high, rectangular pile of lumber, wrapped in plastic.
“That doesn’t look very comfortable,” she said doubtfully. “There’s no way you were going to sleep there.”
He began tugging her over to the wood shipment in question. “It’s actually not that bad. Jacob took a nap on it just a few days ago. Care to try it out and see?”
She nodded, playing along with his ruse.
Grinning like a loon, he lifted her up onto the flat surface and stepped between her legs. “There now. That’s not so bad, is it?” He leaned down and nibbled the side of her neck, making her sigh with pleasure.
She squirmed, trying to get comfortable. “I don’t know about this, it’s pretty hard,” she said doubtfully.
“Yeah. There seems to be an abundance of hard wood around here. We should do something about that, don’t you think?” He pressed his straining erection against the juncture of her thighs to illustrate his point.
“This is starting to sound like a bad porno. Come here.” Giggling, she leaned back and beckoned him down to her. Eagerly, James leaned over and kissed her, this time with enough heat to make her breathless. 
When his lips trailed away to her jawline, she whispered. “Just so you know, Mitch is probably eavesdropping from the balcony. So you may want to keep that dirty mouth of yours in check.”
He pulled back and gave her a shocked look. “What the hell? Why is he perving around on your balcony?” Annoyed, he started to disentangle himself from her legs.
She raised herself up on her elbows, grinning. “James. You’re doing it again.”
He stopped and stared down at her, his expression disgruntled but still so sexy. “What?”
“Getting pissed off before I can explain myself.”
“Shit. You’re right.” He immediately looked chagrined.
“Mitch wanted to make sure you weren’t going to hurt me, so he’s watching in a protective way. Not a pervy way.”
“Are you sure about that?”
“Absolutely. Mitch has very little interest in our wood-related activities. Though I’m sure he wouldn’t mind seeing yours.” She waggled her eyebrows at him suggestively.
Realization dawned. “Oh. You mean…”
“Yup. Mitch is like a Guncle to me.”
“What the hell is that?”
“A gay uncle.”
“Jesus. What kind of term is that? And why didn’t you just tell me that in the first place?”
She raised her eyebrows. “What? You thought I was going to scream, ‘Mitch is gay,’ across the courtyard. He’s out of the closet but I don’t think he’d appreciate me announcing his sexual orientation to the entire complex.”
He blew out a puff of air and then grinned. “Good point. But we definitely need to work on your communication skills.” He said with mock severity as he lowered himself on top of her again.
“MY communication skills need work?” She sputtered as he hitched her legs higher up on his back.
“Don’t worry, I’ll give you some pointers,” he said with a deceptively sweet smile and a really hot swivel of his hips.
Oh jeez. He could do anything he wanted if it involved pushing his hard length against her in that friction-inducing way. “I’d like that,” she said, pulling him closer until their bodies were pressed together so tightly she could feel every muscle of his chest and stomach.
“How about this?” He whispered rocking against her as the fingers of one large hand toyed with the tip of her breast, making the nipple harden painfully. “Do you like that too?” He asked against her neck.
“Yes. I like that,” she said spreading her legs a few more inches to give him room to move. Playfulness forgotten she had to bite down on his shoulder to keep her whimpers at bay as he rubbed the seam of her jeans against the hot spot between her thighs. The knowledge that there were people on the other side of the fence should have mortified her but instead she found the idea more than a little exciting.
James growled in response and then she found herself being lifted from her sitting position. He kept her legs wrapped around his waist and pivoted until his back was to the pile of lumber. Then he sat down with her open thighs straddling his hips. Looking up at her he gave a devilish smile and leaned all the way back, reclining against the long beams of wood beneath them. Raising his arms, he folded his hands behind his head like he was lying on a beach instead of in the middle of a construction site.
“There,” he said. “That’s better. Now I don’t have to worry about you getting splinters in your back.”
“See, you really are my champion. Chivalry isn’t dead,” she said, burrowing her hands beneath his t-shirt and feathering her fingers over his hard stomach. “But what about your back?”
He shrugged. “A few more splinters won’t make a difference. My skin is a lot tougher than yours.” He reached up and trailed his fingers over her throat. “Yours is so delicate, I’m almost afraid to touch you with my big clumsy hands. I keep thinking I’m going to bruise you.”
She didn’t know why, but the thought that he was scared to touch her made her fall for him just a bit harder. She knew from experience that he liked his sex rough and a little dirty. She’d seen hints of that in the two times they’d been together but she’d always suspected that he was holding back. He was just that kind of man who would always put his woman’s needs before his own. But what he didn’t know was that her tastes were actually pretty wild herself. Tonight she would show him exactly what she needed.
She grabbed the hand that had been tracing her collarbone with soft butterfly touches and moved it firmly to her breast. “I’m not going to break. And I love how you touch me with those big hands that are never clumsy when they’re on me.”
Heat flared in his eyes as she rose on her knees and ground her denim-clad mound against the prominent bulge beneath his zipper. “
“Now, are you going to show me how sorry you are for jumping to conclusions?” She asked, sounding a little more like a dominatrix drill-sergeant than she’d planned.
He licked his lips as he roughly palmed her breast. “And how would I do that exactly?”
Leaning down, Lauren whispered directly into his ear. “By letting me ride you so hard and fast, that big cock of yours may never recover. How does that sound?” She darted her tongue out, flicked his earlobe just once and rose back to her sitting position, nearly giggling at the shocked expression on his face. 
“Damn, girl. Giddyup.” He said, grinning like he’d just been given a precious gift.
*****
Several minutes and a few orgasms later, Lauren was trying valiantly to fix her hair as James disposed of the used condom by stowing it beneath some paper in one of the garbage bins. She didn’t have the heart to tell him it may already be too late for protection. She would tell him later, when she knew for sure. Right now she just wanted to enjoy him. To be together and learn how to communicate with one another before they threw an unplanned pregnancy into the mix. 
She wasn’t quite sure how a man who felt too much and spoke too little could be a perfect match for a woman who wouldn’t allow herself to feel a thing, but somehow she knew they would make it work. They complemented each other perfectly.  
Climbing down from the pile of lumber they’d just thoroughly compromised she paused and covered her mouth with her hand. “Oh no. I forgot about Mitch 
“That was kind of the idea.” James said smugly as he leaned down and brushed an errant curl off her forehead. “If you’d been thinking about Mitch while you were riding me like a bucking bronco, there’d be something wrong.”
“No, I mean, he was making dinner. And I left him there,” she glanced at her watch, “for an hour.”
“He’s a big boy. I’m sure he’s fine.”
She looked up at him shyly. “Would you like to come over and meet MY family?” Doubt crept into her mind the moment she voiced the invite. This was such a big step. Were they ready to make their relationship public? They may feel closer than an old married couple but the reality was that they hardly knew each other. Was she jumping the gun on the whole meet the family thing?
As if reading her whirling thoughts James paused in buttoning up his jeans. He placed his hands on her shoulders and turned her back towards him. “Don’t freak out. I would love to meet your family. And be prepared, you’ll be meeting the rest of mine soon.” His tone was full of foreboding but his eyes shone with pride.
She felt a huge grin widening her mouth to massive proportions. “I will?”
“Yeah. We’ve got a baby to welcome home in a few weeks. Just as soon as little Kyle is out of the incubator. And that usually means a big party. Lots of food. Embarrassing stories. Maybe even a picture of me in a wizard hat.”
“That sounds amazing. I can’t wait. For the party.  And the humiliating stories.” She squeezed his arm.  “And Lacey, how’s she doing?”
“She’s great. Well, as great as anyone can be who’s married to Jack anyway.” He shrugged and leaned down to press a kiss against her forehead.
“You and Jack? Are you still circling each other like wolves?”
He chuckled at that. “Nice image. Very Nature channel.” He sighed. “Jack and I aren’t going to be hugging it out anytime soon, but we had a short discussion that didn’t involve maiming each other after the baby was born and he made a pretty good suggestion.”
“You’re not going to give up Camelot Construction, are you?”
“Well as much as I like having my own business, I really can’t manage it all on my own. I just don’t have the resources or manpower. So we thought a compromise might work.”
“What kind of compromise?”
“Well, Kingston Brothers is going to open a new commercial division that will deal mostly with special projects, like this.” He waved his arm at the nearby structure.
“And what is this exactly? No offence but it doesn’t really look like a house.”
“That`s because it`s not.”
“What is it then?”
He scratched his head and studied the structure intently. “Well, I’m not exactly sure. Originally I just wanted to slap a small house together and sell it as fast as humanly possible. But as I was working on it I started to see something different here. I asked a building inspector friend for some suggestions yesterday regarding zoning and he thought it would make a great daycare.”
“A daycare?”
“Yup. Do you know anyone looking to open one? Someone who lives really close by?” He looked meaningfully up at her apartment complex.
She pressed her hand to her chest. “Me? You think I should open a daycare here?” Tears filled her eyes as she took in his meaning. 
James shifted on his feet, looking a bit unsure of himself. “If you’re interested, I mean. No pressure. We could work together on the design and I could get my brother, Jeremy, to revise the original plans to your specifications.”
Lauren stared at the small building. Yes. She could absolutely see it. The location was fabulous; right across the street from a cute little park and the building itself would be amazing with lots of natural light from all the windows. The giant tree in the front yard would provide shade in the summer and a perfect gathering place all year round. She imagined building a circular bench around its trunk and children playing and laughing in the fall leaves, building snowmen in the winter. It would be amazing. But how could she do this exactly? It was too much. He was too much. “You know I can’t accept this, right?” She shook her head in regret.
He gave her a puzzled look. “Why not?”
“Are you serious? This is crazy. We’ve spent maybe ten hours together. And you want to give me this building.”
He chuckled. “Relax, Sweetheart.” He rubbed her arms. “I wouldn’t be giving it to you exactly. You’d lease it from my family business, but at a very generous rate. So don’t think of this as some kind of freaky emotional blackmail. The building has nothing to do with us, so if you decide in a few months that you’re tired of my uncommunicative ass, you won’t lose the building. Ok?”
“I would never tire of your ass, uncommunicative or not. But I don’t understand. Why are you doing this exactly?”
He sighed. “Because I want to make your dreams come true, Lauren. I want to give you everything you missed out on while you were taking care of your dad. Great sex. A new career. A family. Friends. Everything that’s in my power to give.”
“But why?”
“You said I’m your champion, right?”
She nodded. “You are. Absolutely.”
“Well, there aren’t any battles or jousting tournaments around here, so this is how a modern champion proves himself. He overwhelms his lady fair with over-the-top gifts and romantic gestures that go horribly wrong.”
“This doesn’t seem a fair exchange at all. All I have is me. You’re getting short-changed, big time.”
“I feel like you’re the one getting the bum deal here so we’re even. But tell me this. Do you like it?”
She nodded vigorously. “It’s amazing. But it scares me too. Just a few days ago it felt like I was going to live this lonely, empty life and now everything I’ve ever dreamed of is suddenly being handed to me. It’s a tad overwhelming.”
“I get it. But give it some time to sink in. I don`t have to finish this project in record time now, so we can take this slow. You have to finish your training anyway, right?”
She nodded. “And get licensed. That will take another few months.”
“Well, okay then. We’ll work on the building and if you decide it’s too much down the line then I can easily adapt it for another business. It was just an idea.”
 She launched herself into his arms. “The best idea ever. Have I told you how grateful I am?” She gave him a huge, sloppy, happy kiss and then pulled back, chattering with such animation that she hardly recognized herself. 
They quickly finished dressing and then began walking together arm-in-arm, past the huge cedar and through the gate, making plans for the future and pausing occasionally to kiss and cop a feel.
She was coming back to life and it was all because of this man. She wondered what would have happened if she hadn`t gone to that auction, or had bid on someone else, or even if she’d bought a different condo. All the things that could have gone wrong but hadn’t to bring her to this moment. It was scary to think that she could have missed out on knowing him so easily. 
When they reached her building she stopped and looked up at him and thought, this is what joy feels like. And hope. And maybe even love?
Reaching up, she ran her hand over his stubbly chin. “You know that you don’t have to do this, right? Meeting Mitch. Introducing me to your family. The daycare and everything else is secondary to us being together. Ok?”
James cupped her cheek. “Sweetheart. I’m so okay with that.” 
And so was she. More than words could say.


Epilogue
Three Months Later – Christmas Eve

Lauren studied her reflection in the full-length mirror on the back of the bathroom door and smiled slightly. Smoothing the full skirt of her emerald green dress down her thighs she turned to the side to check out her rear-view. She thought she looked pretty damn good. Mostly due to the elaborate breakfasts James prepared for her on weekends, she’d gained a few pounds and it showed in her fuller booty but more so in her face. Gone were the sharp cheekbones and hollow eyes she’d been sporting just a few months ago. 
The biggest change in her appearance, however, was in her expression. She looked happy and well-loved. And just a bit nervous. But that was to be expected – she was spending Christmas Eve with the Kingstons, at James’ childhood home no less, surrounded by the most intimidating group of people she’d ever met. 
Having three generations of them gathered in one place could be overwhelming and very, very loud. These people didn’t seem to own inside voices. It was really no wonder James barely spoke as a child. Being heard over his siblings and Serena could be downright exhausting but fun. Recently, Lauren had even started participating in the teasing and bickering that was the soundtrack to any Kingston gathering. These good-natured exchanges made her feel like a part of the family – a welcome change from how she’d lived before falling for James.
Christmas with her father had always been especially unpleasant. He’d been more cantankerous than usual during the holidays, blatantly criticizing her efforts to create a small but traditional family Christmas for them. The last few years she’d given up completely on celebrating due to his downright hostility towards the season. But Christmas with the Kingston family was going to be the complete opposite of those depressing holidays with her dad. A small part of her wished she’d tried harder to make things festive for him but she refused to think about the past today. She had something slightly more current to worry about. 
Frowning, she pulled the satin tight across the barely perceptible bump just below her belly-button. Yup. She was showing. There was a little Kingston bun in her oven. She would have to tell James tonight. She would invite him over to her little condo, sit him down on the couch with Brutus and come clean. It couldn’t wait any longer. She’d been a coward, not sharing her news months ago, but the time had just never seemed right. How exactly did you tell a man that he’d knocked you up on their second meeting? 
She wasn’t exactly sure why she’d hesitated to tell him. It’s not like he was one of those guys who avoided his responsibilities like a case of Ebola. He was solid and dependable, a real man in every sense of the word. Besides, he loved kids. 
Well, not all kids. He wasn’t exactly thrilled to have their former vandal, Adam Bauer, hanging around the new construction site, doing penance for the property damage to Soleil’s plumbing system, but that ten-year-old wasn’t your typical kid. He was polite and shockingly intelligent, but there was something off about him. He was too still and watchful, almost predatory. He simply gave her the creeps, no matter how hard she tried to be kind to him. Fortunately for her, she rarely encountered the boy. 
Adam aside, James doted on his two adorable nephews, Kaleb and new-born Kyle. In fact, earlier that afternoon, he’d been carrying both of them around the house at the same time - Kaleb on his shoulders and tiny Kyle in the crook of one burly arm like he was carrying a football.
Just the sight of her enormous boyfriend handling the two boys so gently had made her stupid hormones go into hyper-drive. She’d nearly burst into tears. Then, when she finally thought she had her emotions under control she’d noticed just how incredibly hot he looked in his torn and tattered jeans, the ones that showed off the high, round shape of his butt to perfection. She’d had to dig her fingernails into her palms to avoid reaching out to squeeze that fine ass as he’d walked by, carrying his precious cargo. Talk about inappropriate. Groping him in front of his family was probably not the best way to impress them. 
But then again, these people weren’t nearly as reserved as she’d originally believed. Right now Serena and Mark were playing touch football at the park across the street with the rest of the Kingston Brothers and some of the neighbourhood kids. Mark’s bad knee made it impossible for him to run, but he could still throw like a pro and Serena ran on his behalf, which seemed to result in a lot of more butt patting and congratulatory hugging and kissing than absolutely necessary. 
Jack and Lacey weren’t much better. Before the game those two had disappeared for twenty minutes, leaving the two little boys with Marie Kingston while they enjoyed some ‘private’ time in Jack’s childhood attic bedroom. No one was under the mistaken impression they were talking about current events up there, especially when Lacey came down the stairs adjusting her blouse and looking so pleased with herself that the whole family started making wolf whistles and stomping their feet. Colour had flooded Lacey’s dark cheeks, momentarily, but she’d quickly recovered and made a deep curtsy at the bottom of the stairs, causing everyone to laugh. 
Even Serena’s parents were uncommonly affectionate. Lou Garrison had been ambushing his wife, Joan, with mistletoe and sloppy kisses all afternoon. James’ Aunt giggled like a giddy teenager every single time her tall, blonde (still hot) husband planted one on her. These displays caused Serena to make gagging noises but didn’t discourage the older couple from their fun one bit.
James’ family was definitely less uptight than Lauren had originally believed but that didn’t mean they’d be thrilled when they found out she’d caught pregnant before James even knew her last name. Not exactly the most ideal timeline. 
But it was James’ reaction that really worried her, which is probably why she’d kept Junior’s existence a secret for the past three months. Babies were a game changer. Their  relationship was definitely getting more serious but she understood that there’s a big difference between couple-serious and parent-serious. She wasn’t absolutely sure if James was ready for that step yet. What if he thought she was trying to trap him? Or worse yet, what if he thought she’d be a terrible mother? 
These grim thoughts were interrupted by a soft tapping on the bathroom door.
“Lauren. C’mon back outside,” Serena called impatiently. “They’ve been banished.”
Lauren paused in reaching for the doorknob. What was Serena talking about? “Who’s been banished?”
Serena sighed. “The Harem, of course.  They’re gone. Don’t be pissed at Jimmy Dean. Jacob is the idiot. He ran into those girls at the grocery store when he was picking up cranberry sauce for Auntie M, and they followed him here. They weren’t invited. I swear.”
Lauren smiled to herself as she gave her outfit one last inspection. Jacob had a harem? That didn’t really surprise her. James’ younger brother had been hitting the bottle hard since returning to Brookhaven permanently last month so his judgment wasn`t always the best. Drunk or sober, women flocked to him like he was the last pair of shoes at a 70% off sale. 
So the real question was why would she care if Jacob brought his conquests to Christmas Eve dinner? She had no say in the matter. Besides, Danica and Chelsea had seemed nice enough when she’d met them earlier. They`d been playing cheerleader for Jacob which he completely ate up, doing extravagant end-zone dances for them and taking off his shirt despite the frosty weather. He was such an attention-whore.
But what did James have to do with it? He had no control over Jacob and his behaviour so why would she be angry with him?
Then Lauren connected the dots and realized exactly why Serena had followed her inside. She was hoping to divert a crazy-jealous girlfriend meltdown. 
Really gross images of James, not Jacob, flashed across her mind, mostly of her big, gorgeous man in full-on Lawrence of Arabia garb, rolling around in a gauzy tent with those two women. Yuck. She felt sick at the thought. Maybe a huge scene wasn’t out of the question.  
“Hold on a second,” Lauren said as she yanked the door open to find Serena on the other side. The statuesque blonde looked like Winter Wonderland Barbie in a short pink parka with white fluffy mittens and matching earmuffs. “Jacob isn’t the one with the harem, is he? James is the sheik in this scenario, isn’t he?”
 Serena’s eyes widened in shock as she took in Lauren’s hurt expression. “I swear, I thought you knew about them.”
Lauren shook her head. “Of course not. The topic of James’ former sex harem has never come up. Not once in the three months we’ve been together.” She gave Serena a sick look. “We are talking ‘former’ not ‘current’ harem, right?” 
Serena gaped at her before responding. “Of course they’re former.”
“Whew.” Lauren sunk against the doorjamb in relief. “For a second there I was wondering if I was part of this harem and didn’t know it.”
 Serena frowned down at her. “Come on. You know James would never cheat on you. Or anyone. He’s a perv, like all guys but he’d never hurt you like that. You mean way too much to him. Trust me on this.”
Lauren snorted “Then why did he let me find out about this from someone else. It’s a small town. Eventually someone would have mentioned the fact that my boyfriend had a harem.”
 Serena shrugged and looked a bit sheepish. “Probably embarrassed, I guess.”
“Embarrassed? Why? Because he dated more than one girl at a time?”
“Dated? I wouldn’t call it that.”
“What would you call it then?”
Serena had the grace to look uncomfortable. “I don’t know all the details, but dating usually means going out, wearing clothes and having some form of conversation. My understanding is that James had standing booty calls with them a couple of times a week---.”
“At the same time?” Lauren nearly shouted. “He had group sex with those women on a rotating schedule?” She covered her mouth with her hand. 
Serena rolled her eyes. “No. One at a time. No threesomes. But then again, who knows? I’m hardly an expert on my cousin’s sex lives. And don’t want to be. Gross.”
“You’re not helping.” Lauren muttered. “So what am I going to do with this information? Confront him with it? It’s not really any of my business since it happened before we got together but it still bugs me that he kept it a secret.”
Serena crossed her arms across her chest. “Lauren. He serviced them. That was it. No emotions were involved, just body parts. They meant nothing to him. So they’re no threat to you. Men are dense. James probably didn’t think it was important enough to mention.”
“Or he’s an untrustworthy sneak who has other playmate-shaped secrets, just waiting to bounce into our lives and ruin everything.” Lauren said glumly.
 “Nothing is ruined unless you let this get to you. It’s his past. You’re his future, right?” 
Lauren smiled weakly at this and quickly wiped away a tear. “I certainly hope I am. But tell the truth. If it was Mark, would you let it go?”
Serena groaned. “Oh man. You have no idea. I realize he seems pretty tame now but that man was king of the man-whores before he came back to Brookhaven. He made James’ Harem look like a bible-study group.” 
“And that doesn’t bother you?”
“Of course it bothers me. But at some point you have to let it go.”
“So you never confronted him about his past?”
“Lauren. I’m not as sweet as you are so you can bet that his dirty, dirty past comes up every single time I’m pissed at him and want to make him squirm. And if one of the skanks he banged in Dallas showed up for Christmas dinner, his balls would be residing in my Prada bag right now. But Mark knows and loves the fact that I don’t hold anything back. When I’m upset I tell him, we fight like crazy, have incredible make-up sex and then it’s all good again. That’s our dynamic. Even when I’m being unreasonable, petty and selfish he loves me. And when he’s stubborn, overprotective and domineering I love him just as much because that’s the person I fell for even if he bugs the hell out of me most of the time. But that’s our messed-up relationship. Not yours. It works for us.” She adjusted her earmuffs and gave Lauren a radiant smile. “You have to decide how you’re going to deal with this battle of the sexes stuff based on what works for your relationship, not what Mark and I do.”
Lauren returned Serena’s smile with a wobbly one of her own. “I really don’t know much about dealing with conflict. I’ve always been about avoiding it.”
“Being part of a couple and conflict kinda go together. If you’re not fighting, at least occasionally, then you’re not being honest with each and that eats at a relationship until eventually there’s nothing left.”
“So you think I should confront him?” Lauren asked with doubtfully.
“That’s really up to you. I’m not saying another word on the subject.” She twisted an imaginary key next to her mouth and mimed throwing it over her shoulder. “Now, kindly explain to me why your abandoned your team if you weren’t trying to avoid The Harem?”
 “I left because I wanted to help Marie with dinner. And because I’m about as athletic as an epileptic ox. Not because of those girls. I had no idea.” She slipped past Serena. “But it explains a lot.” 
James had been acting odd since Chelsea and Danica had arrived, shooting Jacob murderous looks after every play and being even more non-verbal than usual. Jack had seemed wildly entertained by something she couldn’t comprehend but he was always happiest when James was uncomfortable. She’d assumed there was some kind of brotherly inside joke that her boyfriend would explain later. 
As for those two beautiful girls, they cheered like it was the Superbowl every single time one of the players from either team made any kind of progress, with the exception of James. They completely ignored his very impressive touchdown. Chelsea, the curvy red-head, had actually yawned and looked at her watch when he’d sprinted through the makeshift goal with Jeremy nearly hanging off his neck.
Judging by the cold shoulder treatment he’d been receiving it was obvious that James’ arrangement with the two women hadn’t ended amicably. So Lauren probably didn’t have reason to be jealous of them, but why hadn’t he told her he’d had an actual harem?
She’d assumed he’d been exaggerating when he claimed relationships weren’t his thing, but what kind of man had women waiting around to be used on demand? That is what a harem did, right? And worse yet, what kind of person allowed himself to be used like a human dildo by multiple users? She had her own past but she’d been young, stupid and higher than a satellite when she’d been having her rebellious anonymous sex phase. James had been a sober adult, fucking strangers without any kind of emotional connection. That didn’t seem like the man she knew. The man she’d come to love. 
It was almost impossible to imagine James having anything resembling casual sex. Sex with him was about as far from casual as she could imagine. She knew some men were all about getting off. James was not that guy. He loved every part of the act. To him, kissing, foreplay and cuddling were almost as good as the climax.
She hadn’t had much casual sex but she knew it was about keeping yourself emotionally removed from what your body was doing and James never allowed any distance between them in bed. Never. That intimacy was as necessary to him as breathing. He still didn`t talk about his feelings much but they were there on his gorgeous face in vivid relief when he was making love to her. His awed expression made it clear that he considered her body his own personal miracle in physical form. 
Did he look at those women like that? The thought came unbidden but could not be ignored. She was being incredibly stupid about this small deception. Logically, she could see why he’d never brought it up but it still made her feel like he’d purposely kept something from her. She needed to talk to him about this before her own insecurities overwhelmed her and she let them ruin the best thing she’d ever had in her life.
Turning to Serena, she gave the other woman an uncertain look. “Is he still outside?”
“Yup. Waiting for you on the porch, looking a bit pathetic. Everyone else has moved downstairs to the game room so you’ll have some privacy. Though I can’t guarantee there won’t be some eavesdropping.” She grinned at this admission and gave Lauren a friendly pat. “I’m glad you’re being cool about this but be sure to make him suffer a little bit, okay? He can take it. And he did neglect to mention the fact that he regularly serviced three women.”
Lauren grimaced. “Three? There`s another one?”
Serena groaned and hit her forehead with her fluffy mitten. “Shit. I really need to work on my big mouth. I’m definitely making a New Year’s Resolution to keep some thoughts to myself.”
“Don’t worry about it. I appreciate your gigantic mouth.” She emphasized the word gigantic and gave a thin chuckle to let Serena know she was kidding. “I’d still be in the dark about this whole harem situation if you didn’t have a major case of verbal diarrhea.” Serena snorted at this comment. “And as much as I wish I could pretend my boyfriend was an untouched virgin before I met him it’s probably a good thing that I know what kind of relationships, or whatever, he had. Lord knows, he never talks about them.” She said darkly.
“Lauren. Don’t do that.” Serena shook her head in warning. “He probably didn’t know how to bring it up. I mean, how do you tell your girlfriend that you had a harem without sounding like a complete tool? Not exactly casual conversation, even for a guy who knows how to communicate. And James isn’t that guy.” She shrugged. “Besides, we all have some secrets, right?”
Lauren went cold as she thought of her own little baby-shaped deception. Yes, they both had secrets, but would talking about them bring them closer? Or tear them apart?
*****
Lauren took a deep breath, gathering her courage before stepping out onto the front porch to talk to James. She looked around the high-ceilinged foyer and thought how much she would love a house just like this someday. It wasn’t huge or fancy but the traditional design with its curving staircase covered in Christmas garlands and holly berries felt positively Norman Rockwell to her. The design wasn’t modern and stylish like the homes Jack and James had built in Brookhaven Village but warmth and laughter seemed to fill every room like sunshine on a summer day.  
There was a gallery wall of photographs filled with smiling Kingston faces mounted along the staircase. She’d scanned these earlier, hoping to find the fabled photographic evidence of James in a wizard hat but the closest she could find was an adorable shot of him and his brothers dressed up for Halloween as superheroes. 
The boys in the photo ranged in age from around seven to twelve and she recognized the big tree in the background from the front yard of this very house. She couldn’t be absolutely certain due to the masks but she was fairly confident that the chubby little Batman was James. He looked so serious compared to his brothers, standing slightly apart from them as they mugged shamelessly for the camera. Mini-Spiderman, Jacob no doubt, was hanging upside down from one of the tree branches as the other two tried their hardest to look heroic with their small fists on their hips and their chins raised to the sky. That picture alone made her sigh with longing for the childhood she’d missed. 
Regretfully, she stepped away from the photographs and looked around at the somewhat lived-in furniture of the formal living room just off the front foyer. It’s shabby chic ambience attested to the fact that a family had really lived here. This place was everything she’d wished for as a kid. It was hard to believe she was actually spending Christmas here. With James. It felt like a dream – one that could actually be her reality if she didn’t sabotage it by confronting James like a jealous, possessive harpy. If she was really lucky she might even spend all her holidays here from now on. But only if she kept her mouth shut. Wasn’t that bright vision of their future worth a little denial? Even if it did bug the hell out her that he’d kept the details of his past a secret?
Hell yeah. She could ignore her feelings with the best of them. Living with her dad had been all about sublimating resentment. This would be a piece of cake.
Decision made, Lauren stepped out on onto the porch to warmly greet her man like the mature, secure girlfriend he deserved. 
James was sitting on the porch swing, looking casual and athletic in his navy down jacket with a knit cap covering his bright hair. He was clean-shaven for a change so she could see every inch of his handsome face. His summer tan had faded and his freckles were more pronounced than when they’d met, giving him an innocent, almost boyish look. His vivid blue eyes, however, were filled with adult male heat when he turned towards her and noticed the shimmery green dress clinging to her curves. His gaze skimmed over her body in a lazy perusal that was comical in its thoroughness. She would have laughed if he didn’t make her feel so damn hot with just that one, long, intense stare.
Good Lord, he was gorgeous. How could she even think about jeopardizing her relationship with him, especially over something as trivial as a couple ex-harem girls? No, she wouldn’t even ask him about them. It was none of her business who he’d been with before her. She would bury her hurt and disappointment, just like she’d buried her bitterness towards her father for so many years. This was minor by comparison. A little denial wouldn’t hurt their relationship. It was normal to keep some thoughts to themselves. All couples did it. In fact, it would be weird if they did discuss every little thing.
So instead of giving him a passive-aggressive cold shoulder she pasted a huge fake smile on her face and leaned down to kiss him on the cheek. “Hi, Champ. Did you get another home run after I went inside?” She nuzzled her nose against his stubble and pressed her palm against his shoulder, loving the solid feel of him under her fingers. At moments like this, she felt like she would never tire of touching him. She was addicted to being the only woman entitled to put her hands on his incredible body. Giving up this pleasure up would be much worse than rehab, she just knew it.
He chuckled at her endearment and pulled her down beside him on the swing, wrapping one big arm around her waist to keep her warm. “Home runs are in baseball, Baby, but I know what you meant. And no, I didn’t score again. Mark can still outplay us, even with a bum knee. But how about you? You left pretty suddenly. Though I’m glad you did, if it means I get to see you in this sexy dress sooner.” He smoothed his palm down her satin-covered thigh and pressed a soft kiss against her neck. 
“You like?” She asked huskily as his fingers dipped under the hem of her dress and toyed with the soft skin on the inside of her knee.
“You know I do. But you didn’t have to change your outfit. We’re a pretty casual bunch here. And you know you look just as hot to me in muddy sweatpants and granny panties.”
She gave him a suspicious look. “How do you know I was wearing granny panties?”
He grinned. “I was staring at your butt most of the afternoon. I’d recognize those thick panty lines anywhere.”
She gave him a playful slap on the thigh. “Why didn’t you say anything? Your family is going to think I wear adult diapers,” she muttered. Damn it. Her grey sweatpants were obviously more transparent than she’d anticipated. How embarrassing. Especially considering those ex-harem girls probably only wore delicate lace thongs that never ventured deep into crack territory. In other words, not only were they prettier than her, now her underwear was clearly inferior as well. Fantastic. She bet they never ran out of clean laundry either.
“If my idiot brothers were staring at your butt that intently then we are definitely going to have bigger issues than your wardrobe malfunction.” He shot a warning look towards the house, just in case one of the idiots in question was eavesdropping. “I thought maybe that’s why you left – to do a wedgie adjustment.” 
 Lauren rolled her eyes at him. “You sound like the eight-year-olds at the daycare. All they talk about is farting and wedgies and butts.” She tried to sound exasperated but the truth was that she found the kids at the daycare hilarious. It was hard to believe that she spent most of her days laughing her butt off instead of mindlessly data entering billing information as she’d done at her previous job. 
She was so grateful that James’ mother, Marie, and Lacey’s mother, Diana Ferguson, had decided to open “Camelot Childcare” in the small building beneath her balcony. Once her training was complete, she would take over the day-to-day operation of the daycare, allowing the older ladies to work part-time so they could enjoy their semi-retirement while remaining part of the new family business.   
James gave a snort. “I bet my mom loves that.”
“Oddly, she seems pretty used to it. Probably because you and your brothers regress to eight-year-olds when you get together. I think Jacob was actually burping the alphabet earlier. And you were all laughing like hyenas when Jeremy got hit in the groin with that tree branch.”
James laughed fondly at this memory. “His face turned bright red. You must admit, that was funny. Not as funny as your wedgie, but pretty damn amusing.”
“I did not have a wedgie.”
“Are you sure? Maybe that’s why Serena disappeared after you. To help you out with that whole situation.” His tone was teasing but his expression had turned watchful. He was obviously trying to figure out if Serena had mentioned The Harem.
It was so tempting to tell him she knew his shameful little secret, but somehow she managed to bite her tongue and give him a flirty smile instead. Tossing her hair back, she looked up at him through her eyelashes in the most seductive manner she could muster. “If I needed help with my underwear, you’d be the first person I’d call. Seems to me you enjoy removing my panties, don’t you?”
His hand on her thigh went completely still. “It’s my favourite pastime. You know that. And as much as I’d like to help you out with any rogue panties that need wrestling I think we need to talk about a few things first.”
She blinked at him in surprise. “We do?” 
He huffed out a sigh. “Don’t sound so shocked. I am capable of communication, you know.”
“You are. For sure.” She patted his hand reassuringly. “But we don’t really need to talk about it. I’m ok with it. Really.” She sounded so reasonable and understanding, even though a little part of her wanted to give his nose a good twist.
James narrowed his eyes at her suspiciously. “What are we talking about exactly?”
“Your Harem girls, of course. I`m fine with it.” She said with a careless little shrug.
“You are?” He gave her an annoyed look.
“Of course. It’s none of my business. You told me that you didn’t have any actual relationships before me. So I shouldn’t really be surprised that you, um, dated more than one girl at a time.” She gave him a wide-eyed, innocent stare, proud of her deceptively blasé tone but also a little shocked at her too-cool-for-school attitude. She didn’t feel cool in the slightest.
James clearly wasn`t quite as impressed. He removed his hand from her leg and turned to face her with deliberate, almost mechanical movements. His arm slid away from her waist and she immediately felt chilled to the bone in her thin dress.
Staring up at him she was shocked at the thunderous expression on his face.
“Let me get this straight,” he said slowly. “You’re telling me that you’re ok with the fact that I fucked both those girls that were just here?”
She flinched like she’d been slapped. “Well, when you put it that way, I can’t say I’m thrilled to meet your exes like this, but I don’t really think it’s my place to make a scene about it.”
He threw up his hands in frustration. “But it is your place. Don’t you see? You’re my girl. And that gives you every right to freak out once in a while if the situation warrants it. And this,” he waved his hand at the empty park across the street, “definitely warrants a scene of some kind.”
“I don’t get it. Aren’t you happy that I’m taking this all in stride?”
“I’m glad you haven’t removed my gonads with a rusty spoon, but this is borderline insulting.”
She held up one palm in a ‘stop’ gesture. “So dating you and your giant ego means I’m supposed to go on a jealous rampage whenever we encounter someone you’ve slept with? Good to know. But it sounds exhausting. Remind me to avoid strip clubs in the future. And bars. Oh. And restaurants. And grocery stores.” She put a thoughtful finger to her lips and added sweetly. “And just about anywhere women congregate.”
He gave her a reproachful look. “That’s kinda mean, but at least I can tell from your sarcastic tone that you give a damn. Remember how I reacted when I met Mitch?”
“How can I forget? You had a major green-eyed monster meltdown. In front of my neighbors. Over nothing.”
He nodded eagerly. “Yeah. I did. Totally irrational. I was a complete psycho. But at least I cared. Is a minor green-eyed monster meltdown too much to ask?” He grumbled, clearly put-out at her attempt to act rational and mature.
She gave him an incredulous look. “You want me to be jealous?”
He raised one massive shoulder in a shrug. “Yeah. A little. I mean, not bunny-boiling, restraining order, crazy jealous, but a little possessiveness wouldn’t hurt. I was expecting you to at least ask why they were giving me the silent treatment but you just left. Like you didn`t even notice that they were shooting eye-daggers at me.”
“I noticed. I just thought it was none of my business. Then, when Serena let the whole harem thing slip, I decided I didn’t want to make a big thing of it.”
“But it bothered you, right?” He asked a little too eagerly.
She glared up at him and crossed her arms over her chest. “Well. Yeah. It did.”
He looked relieved. “Well, if one of your exes shows up at a family gathering I’ll be pissed like a bear. If two show up there’ll be a scene of epic proportions. The police will be involved. I guarantee it. So be prepared.” He frowned at her as if she’d suggested that they invite these imaginary ex-boyfriends over for a friendly game of lawn bowling.
“Thanks for the warning but I don’t think that’ll be an issue considering I’ve never had a harem.”
“Ha ha. Jacob coined that phrase. Not me. It makes it sound much worse than it was.” He took her hand and gave it a squeeze. “They were just a series of booty calls. Meaningless, I swear.”
Lauren swallowed her angry response. Just the thought of him servicing those women like some kind of door-to-door sex robot made her feel like she was going to hurl. She left her hand in his but angled her body away from him slightly, trying to hide her hurt expression with her hair. “I really don’t want to know the sordid details but I’m curious why they were so angry at you? Were you nasty when you broke it off? And why were they together? You didn’t, um, service them at the same time, did you?”
He tried to catch her gaze but she looked out at the tree-studded yard instead.
James dropped her hand and gently tugged her face towards his. “Damn it. No.” He said gently, as he saw the tears pooling in her eyes.
She gave him a reproachful look.
James shook his head. “Seriously. I know that’s supposed to be every man’s fantasy but in reality it’s a lot of pressure for a guy. Satisfying three women at once is not for the faint of heart. Or the limp of dick.”
She groaned at his lame attempt at humour. “In other words, you’ve had a foursome.” He looked sheepish and then nodded. “Wow, I am so out of my league. Not only did you date women who look like centerfolds, you’ve had orgies. Actual orgies. You’re obviously WAY more experienced than I am. How am I supposed to compete with all that?” She moved to stand up but he effortlessly held her in place with one big hand on her thigh.
“Compete with them? Baby, there’s no competition, I swear. They didn’t matter to me. I didn’t even bother to break up with them.”
She gave him a wary look. “What does that mean? You’re still dating them?” She asked, her voice rising in horror. Had Serena been wrong? Was he a no-good cheater? Her heart drooped at the thought.
James grasped her thigh tighter to prevent her from escaping again. “Oh shit. No. Man, I’m blowing this, big-time. Why do I even try to have a normal conversation?” He snatched his knitted cap off his head and rubbed at the back of his short hair in frustration.  “What I meant was that I just never bothered to tell them it was over.”
She shifted on the swing until she was facing him again. “Let me get this straight. You had sex with these women on a regular basis for months and they didn’t matter enough to you to break it off with them properly? And you’re telling me this to make ME feel better?” 
James went a shade or two paler. “Does it?”
“Hell no. What kind of man does that? You used those women and then discarded them like garbage. Finding out that my boyfriend is a soulless, heartbreaking monster does not make me feel good in the slightest.”
She expected him to be offended but instead his lips twisted in an amused smile. “Soulless monster? C’mon. I cried like a baby when we watched those Christmas movies last week.”
She snorted. “Those were tears of laughter because we were watching Christmas Vacation. So don’t try and come off as Mr. Sensitive. You treated those girls abominably.” 
He rolled his eyes. “Lauren, you make it sound like they were bashful innocents that I corrupted. Trust me, I was more prey than predator in this scenario.” He said with dry humour. “I didn’t pursue them. We were all very clear about what we all wanted and no one made any promises about the future. So explain to me how can I be a heartbreaker if no hearts were involved?” He raised one auburn eyebrow at her and waited patiently for her response.
She hated to admit it but he had a point. James and his lame-ass harem were all consenting adults and those girls hadn’t seemed exactly destroyed by his abandonment. It was oh so tempting to just let it go. She hated being at odds with him anyway, but if she gave in now it would set a precedence for their entire future relationship. 
Until now, they really hadn’t done a lot of arguing. In retrospect it seemed that perhaps things had been much too easy up to this point. They’d been having too much fun together being a couple. She’d really needed some joy after the past ten years with her dad so had been thrilled to avoid any controversy between them. Now she feared that they purposely hadn’t delved very deeply into each other’s past or feelings because it was simpler to just focus on the enjoyable parts of being in a relationship.
 They knew the basics about each other but they rarely had anything resembling a serious discussion about their feelings. James just wasn’t made that way and she still had problems unlocking her feelings. Falling in love had certainly helped with their issues but they’d definitely fallen into the habit of avoiding controversy. 
So, it was probably a good thing that they were finally thrashing something out, even though it was painful and tedious to discuss his former sex life. But she wanted a meaningful, long-term relationship with this man so dealing with unpleasantness couldn’t be avoided. This was their wake-up call. She needed to let him know when he was out of line, even if she was well aware that her position was more emotional than logical.
She gave him a stern look. “No strings may have been the intention in the beginning but things get complicated once sex is involved. Especially panty-melting, multi-orgasmic sex. You should know this. Women have a tendency to get attached. You can deny it all you want but I’ll bet you profoundly hurt each and every member of your harem. And the part that really worries me is that you don’t really seem to care.”
James frowned back at her and shook his head. “That’s not how it was. I swear, they didn’t give a damn when it ended. Why would they? There’s a long line of guys who would love to take my place melting their panties.” He shrugged and just a glimmer of that adorable insecurity she loved seeped into his expression. “I was just convenient.”
She felt her resolve soften. The man was hot as hell when he was challenging and arrogant but it was the former nerd who’d won her heart. She couldn’t resist him when he showed some vulnerability. Damn him and his puppy-dog eyes. “James, you can’t be serious. You’re gorgeous and sweet and funny. And amazing in bed.” She said grudgingly. “Those women were probably devastated when you stopped calling.”
James didn’t seem to hear the compliments. He rarely did. “I never called. Just showed up at their places. Usually late at night. Occasionally they texted me. That was the extent of our interactions.”
She shuddered at the coldness of this arrangement but didn’t comment. “And what happened after you stopped ‘showing up.’ Did they stalk you? At least a little?”
He looked thoughtful. “I left Kingston Brothers around that time, so I changed phones. I guess they couldn’t reach me.”
Lauren shook her head in wonder. “No wonder they’re still pissed seven months later. You broke their hearts.”
He rolled his eyes. “Hardly.”
“Did you talk to them after I went inside this afternoon?”
He looked uncomfortable. “Yeah. For a few minutes. I was going to follow you but they ambushed me.”
“And were they still angry?”
He shrugged. “Somewhat. They seemed more put out about the lack of communication than the end of our arrangement. But I did apologize.”
She sighed in relief. “There’s that at least. I was beginning to wonder who you were.”
He tenderly brushed an errant lock of hair away from her face. “You know who I am. I’m the guy who’s so in love with you that he’s willing to talk this out, even though he’d prefer a nail-gun to the groin.” 
Looking into his expressive face she could see that he was sincere but her doubts couldn’t be denied. The truth was that she wasn’t even that angry about The Harem. She was exaggerating her annoyance because she didn’t want him to see how scared shitless she was of losing him in a similarly cold and brutal manner. Could she just tell him how she felt? Would he still want her if he knew how insecure and borderline nuts she was? Could she trust him that much? 
She brushed a few hot tears from her cheeks as she turned to face him again. “For now. But what happens when it’s my turn to get the boot? Will I get a phone call? Maybe a fruit basket? Or will you just change phones when you get tired of me?”
James’ blue eyes widened in shock. “You can’t be serious. Those girls don’t even matter to me.”
“Maybe I don’t matter either.” 
James blinked at her. “How can you say that? You’re all that matters to me. Would I be practically begging you to share your feelings with me if I didn’t care? I hate this shit. You know that. But I also know it’s necessary if we don’t want to be one of those stupid couples who grow apart over a lot of buried resentment. So tell me off good and proper and then we can give this sharing crap a rest, ok?” 
He looked so miserable she felt sorry for him. Almost.
“Fine. You want to know how I feel about those girls being here?” She pointed a finger at him. “And you can’t be mad at me when I tell you because you asked for it, right?”
He nodded eagerly. “Yeah. Unleash the crazy. Hit me.” He planted his feet and pretended to brace himself against the swing’s armrest with both hands.
“Fine. Here it goes.” She took another deep breath, looked down at her hands in her lap and then spoke in a rush. “When Serena told me who those women were, I wanted to snatch their perfect hair off their perfect heads, and do a little dance on their perfect bloody scalps.” She glanced up at him, wondering if he would be repulsed by her violent thoughts but his grim mouth was actually turning up at one corner in a half-smile.
Encouraged, she continued. “I felt like I couldn’t breathe because I imagined you looking at them and wondering how you could ever have sex with someone as boring and frump-a-dumpy as me when you could be nailing those Playboy bunny wanna-bes. Then I thought about coming out here and confronting you about your slutty behaviour. But I realized I would probably lose you if I said anything so I pretended I didn’t care. Even though I do. I care too much and I absolutely hate that you screwed those girls. Hate it. Because you spent months having sex with them and yet they obviously don’t mean anything to you. And I think maybe I’m just like them. That I’ve imagined that this is real between us when it’s really just a fun diversion for you. Until it’s not so fun anymore. Like right now.” She stared dismally out at the front yard where Jacob’s handy-work was on full display in the form of a hand-carved Rudolph pulling a ridiculously obese Santa in a sleigh filled with toys.
Lauren pointed at the sleigh. “I don’t want to be just another abandoned doll on your growing pile of misfit toys. The ones that you’ve grown bored with.” She gave a hopeless shrug and then held her breath, waiting for him to get up and run away screaming from the emotional wreck on the porch swing beside him.
James stared at her for several long seconds and then reached for her. “Baby. If you’re imagining what’s between us then it’s a group delusion because everyone but you knows that I am absolutely crazy about you.” He cupped her cheek and touched his forehead to hers for a second before pulling back to look deeply into her eyes again. “There’s nothing you could say that would drive me away. Nothing. Get it.” He paused as if expecting her to interject some kind of confession.
She stared at him blankly.
He rolled his head on his neck and continued in a softer tone. “As for my slutty behaviour. Before I met you, I had sex with a bunch of women who didn’t give a damn about me and I’m not going to lie to you. It was fucking great.” He smiled a little too broadly at this statement and then seemed to realize his error and turned serious again. “But I didn’t know any better. Now I do. Because everything is so much better with you.”
Lauren started to speak but he shook his head and touched a finger to her lips. “So, the question is, can we move past this? Or do you really feel like I’m the kind of man who could say these things to you and not mean them? Because I do. Every damn word.”
Lauren let out the breath she’d been holding and grasped the front of his coat tightly with both hands. “Seriously? I’m not a misfit toy?”
He grinned. “No, you’re my perfect-fit toy. Forever. The sexy kind.” 
Lauren pulled his face down and kissed him hungrily.
James returned the kiss for several long seconds, hauling her onto his lap and squeezing her tightly against his broad chest. He finally pulled back, and looked up at her, his expression playful now. “Did I mention how much I like this dress?” He said, fingering her thigh under the hem with those callused fingers that never failed to make her skin tingle.
She nuzzled her nose against the soft hair along his temple. “I think you may have mentioned it.”
“But it needs something, don’t you think?”
She pulled back and stared at him. James knew next to nothing about fashion. With the exception of the auction tux, his closet looked like a plaid graveyard. “What did you have in mind exactly?” 
He shifted her slightly to the side and dug in his coat pocket with one hand. When he found what he was looking for, he beamed in triumph and held up the green scrunchie she’d wrapped around his hammer three months earlier. Her smile faded. She knew he carried the item with him like a talisman but hadn’t seen it in a while so she was a bit shocked at the hair accessories’ ragged appearance. It looked like he’d been using it to polish his truck. Perhaps the colour matched her dress but it resembled a rag now, and scrunchies weren’t exactly fashionable anymore. She typically only wore one around the house. And now he expected her to wear it to Christmas dinner with his family? She could just imagine Serena’s horror at the sight.
She bit her lip and gave him a doubtful look but reached for the scrap of green velvet lying in his big palm. 
When her hand closed around the soft material she was surprised to find that it was harder and heavier than she remembered. Frowning, she tugged it from his grasp and took a closer look at it.
It was tied around something. A box. A small, green velvet box. The same colour as the scrunchie.
She gasped in shock. “You have got to be kidding me.” She tore her gaze away from the box and glanced at James’ smiling face.
“Just open it,” he said, squeezing her knee impatiently with one hand.
She did, but with trembling hands that made unwrapping the scrunchie difficult.
Finally she snapped open the box. Inside was a rather flashy square-cut emerald ring, surrounded by diamonds.
She started shaking her head from side to side and tried to push the box back at him. “You don’t need to do this. I believe you. I’m sorry. You don’t have to prove anything to me.”
“Baby. Why are you apologizing? Am I doing this wrong?”
“No, it’s perfect. I just feel like you’re doing this because you want to end our argument. To placate me. Not because you actually want what I think you want.”
He sighed and gave her an exasperated look. “I want it. I want you. And as your tongue was just tickling my tonsils a few seconds ago I’m pretty sure the Christmas Eve Harem fight was over anyway, right?”
She nodded. “But I think we may have one more thing to discuss.” Hesitating, she searched his expression, looking for an excuse to avoid telling him about her womb stowaway. If he looked impatient or angry or annoyed she was fairly certain she would have chickened out like the coward she was but all she saw there in his dazzling blue eyes was some amusement but mostly love and a genuine desire to make her happy.
“You ready to come clean about changing my status from Champion to Baby-daddy?” He gave her a wink and slid his hand down to her stomach. 
She stared at him, confused for several long seconds. Then she covered his hand with her own, holding it against her abdomen. His palm cradled her Kingston baby-bump, gently exploring the slight swell.
Tears sprung to her eyes. Again. “You knew? Why didn’t you say anything?”
He chuckled. “What if I was wrong?”
She rolled her eyes. “Good point. No woman likes that question. It implies either dramatic weight gain or raging, hormone-induced craziness. You risk dismemberment, even if it’s true.”
“Exactly. But you haven’t gained an ounce and the craziness has been disappointingly minimal. Seems to me horny is also a symptom of the first trimester but that’s nothing new with you.” He waggled his eyebrows at her playfully.
She slapped at his shoulder and blushed. “How did you know?”
“Well, I’m no gynecologist but I’ve spent practically every night with you for the past three months, and unless you’re an extremely late bloomer, there should have been at least a few nights in there where certain activities were off-limits. I thought maybe you were already on the pill or something but a thorough search of your bathroom and purse revealed no incriminating evidence.”
Lauren frowned at him. “You went through my things?”
He grunted in frustration. “C’mon. I had no choice. I couldn’t ask you without pissing you off. And my curiosity was killing me. I kept talking about kids. And carting my nephews around like some kind of demented nanny-in-training. I was hoping that you’d see that you could trust me enough to share your news, but not a peep from you. Then this thing with the Harem Ambush happened and I thought I was screwed. How could you trust me now?”
“I do trust you. I just kept putting it off because I didn’t want to ruin what we had. The right time just never seemed to come around.”
“Sounds familiar.” James said with a dry chuckle. “Just like I probably should have mentioned The Harem before today but couldn’t quite figure out the right way to say it without sounding like a complete asshole.”
“So, I take it you’re not mad?” She asked shyly.
He leaned down and pressed a kiss against her stomach. “No way. I can’t wait to meet this kid. He’s going to be amazing. How about you? Are you cursing the legendary Kingston virility?” His tone was confident but once again there was doubt in those expressive eyes.
She ran one hand over his hair and gave him a reassuring smile. “Never. I was a bit shocked at first but I can honestly say that I’m thrilled to be knocked up. By you.”
He pulled her into a tight hug. For several long moments they clung to each other, sharing their joy, excitement and just a smidge of terror at becoming parents.
James broke the spell first. “Ok. Time to officially upgrade me from Baby-daddy to Husband-to-be now.” He gently shifted her off his lap and her heart leapt in her chest as he slid down onto one knee in front of her. 
Looking up at her he gave her that sweet smile that she loved so much it made her feel light-headed. Somehow she managed to return that heartfelt smile and add an encouraging nod.
James held the small box up to her like an offering and then took a deep, breath. “So I was going to do this tomorrow morning but when I saw you in this dress, I just knew it had to be tonight.” He carefully removed the ring from the box with his big hands and gently slid it onto her finger. “See, it’s a perfect match, don’t you think?”
She looked down at the huge rock sparkling on her left hand. It should have looked ridiculous. The stone was much too big and ostentatious for her. It clearly belonged on the hand of a much more glamorous and elegant woman. She was just an unremarkable person suddenly living an extraordinary life with a man who truly was way out of her league. 
Everything about this situation was so much more than she ever thought she’d have or deserve. 
Yes, the ring was too much. And yet somehow it felt perfect on her hand. Like it was made for her.
Just like him. 

THE END

Also Available
Mr. Fixer-upper.
Kingston Brothers 4 ~ Jacob’s Story.
https://books2read.com/u/mgjoax


Newsletter sign-up: https://books2read.com/author/tamara-larson/subscribe/1/313431/


Also Available: Mild Gone Wilde
Prologue
Fifteen Years Ago
Rosalie McGovern walked calmly into Mr. Leacock’s machine-shop class like she belonged there. At least she hoped that would be the case. For once.
It was the first day of 10th Grade and she was pretty confident that she’d be more welcome here than in Home Economics 101. That particular elective was chock full of the mean girls who lived to torment her. 
Her steps slowed as she looked around at her classmates. 
Mr. Leacock’s students seemed to consist mostly of ‘the bad element’ her dad always warned her about. Not the preppy, intellectual types she knew from chess club and band, but a whole other breed of boys who stared at her openly with appraising, pig-like eyes. There were a few hard-looking girls in the class as well but if anything their gazes were even more blatantly hostile than their male counterparts. 
She thought Machine Shop 101 would be a welcome respite from the constant bullying she endured on a daily basis but it would appear she wasn’t welcome among the misfits here either. She paused, feeling judgmental eyes on her. Every single person in the room looked at her like she was an outsider.
Except for one calm, cool gaze which belonged to simply the most beautiful boy in the world. 
Shockingly, he gestured towards the empty seat beside him, not friendly exactly but at least he wasn’t scowling at her like the others. She sunk into the spot at his side with a grateful smile that he didn’t return. Instead he turned his gaze away from her, which gave her ample opportunity to study him in detail.
At sixteen, Damien Wilde was tall, slender and very, very quiet. His broad shoulders promised future power but right now his muscles were of the long and painfully rangy variety common to adolescents after a growth-spurt. He did not, however, possess any of the awkwardness typical of boys who grow too fast and can’t quite coordinate their bodies.
His dark brown hair was too long and his clothes were ripped and ill-fitting. Even the boots he wore on his oversized feet were scuffed and full of holes. One dusty black boot was missing the lace entirely. None of these things took away from his attractiveness. In fact, Rosalie thought his shabby appearance only highlighted his masculine beauty. She usually sighed when she thought this because he really was sigh-worthy.
She tried to engage him in conversation that first day but he’d responded in monosyllables, not even looking her in the eye. Over the next four months he barely spoke to her as they worked side-by-side, methodically re-building a carburetor and then an actual engine. She watched him constantly, hoping to catch his gaze but it rarely happened. If not for the occasional request for tools he uttered in that low, gravelly voice of his she’d have assumed she was completely invisible to him. 
Until taking Machine Shop she’d always assumed that being bullied would be the worst treatment she could expect in high school but the cruelest verbal insult from one of the popular girls didn’t compare to being ignored by this grim, mysterious boy. It was the sweetest sort of pain being so close to him and yet unable to connect in any meaningful way. 
At least Damien’s intense presence beside her discouraged the other boys from harassing her. Being both a complete nerd and an ugly duckling of epic proportions seemed to be Rosalie’s misfit lot in life. Others just took an instant dislike to her for some inexplicable reason. Fortunately for her, Damien’s proximity was all it took to make her feel safe in a room full of hostile strangers.
Until the day Mr. Leacock left the room to take an urgent phone call. 
She’d felt the tension building from the second their teacher exited the building that housed the machine shop. Something was going to happen. She had no idea what to expect but she felt Damien tense beside her as one roughly-handsome boy, Steve, swaggered over to their table and placed his beefy arm around her shoulders. She glared and tried to push him off her but he just laughed and wrapped both arms around her.
“Hey. Red…”
That’s all that aggressive young man managed to say before Damien swiftly and silently threw him to the ground like a sack of grain. 
Backing away to avoid the fray, Rosalie gasped in shock as Damien viciously kicked his booted foot into the bigger boy’s ribs and stomach with astonishing force. The violence of his attack momentarily shocked her into paralysis. She watched helplessly as Damien leaned down to lift Steve’s torso by the front of his shirt until their faces were less than a foot apart.
“I told you. Don’t touch her. Never fucking touch her,” he spat into Steve’s upturned face. Damien pulled back his fist and launched it directly into the other boy’s terrified face. The crunch of bone was loud in the shocked and silent room. Then Steve’s howls of pain began, high-pitched and whiny, echoing against the cavernous walls.
Damien dropped him in disgust and exited the room without a backward glance. Not at her. Not at anyone. He was just gone.
Rosalie had never seen anyone react with such cold and devastating violence. It was horrible yet awe-inspiring to see this other side of Damien. This scary side that she’d heard rumors about but couldn’t reconcile with her cool and detached machine-shop partner.
Damien, of course, was suspended for the assault on his class-mate. Stupid Steve sustained a broken nose and a few cracked ribs from the beating and claimed the attack was unprovoked. Rosalie tried to explain what happened to the vice-principal, Mr. Griffin, but the harried administrator was completely unmoved by her defense of her shop partner. Apparently, Damien Wilde had a long history of violence and was lucky to avoid expulsion. She left the vice-principal’s office in tears of frustration. Why couldn’t anyone understand that Damien had been trying to do the right thing? It seemed so unfair. 
She went to class every day, holding her breath and praying to see his grim face at their work station. She was disappointed every single day. She thought about tracking him down. Going to his trailer and thanking him despite her reservations regarding his over-the-top reaction to a very minor insult. She fantasized about him confessing his undying love and then kissing her, with tongue. Asking her to be his girlfriend. She knew this was ridiculous. She was unlikeable, let alone loveable. And he was definitely not boyfriend material. At least not from what she saw in the halls every day. 
Boyfriends teased their girls, touched them and made them laugh. So, not Damien. It was hard to even imagine him walking her to class or sitting with her in the cafeteria, let alone being romantic. He was barely capable of speech, let alone flirtation. To her knowledge, he didn’t have any friends. Except maybe Jacob Kingston and he was the class clown – buddies with everyone. How those two ever got to be close, she had no idea. Mr. Personality and Mr. Anti-social hanging out? It just didn’t jive.
 The Kingston brothers were infamous for their good looks and charm. Everyone in Brookhaven recognized them on sight. Their father owned a well-respected construction company in town and all four of his sons were being groomed to join his very successful family business.
Damien, on the other hand, was from the very worst part of town. His family, at least the members who weren’t incarcerated, owned a disreputable bar called The Wilde Hawg and a seedy motorcycle repair shop on the outskirts of town. Both of these establishments were reputed to be fronts for various illegal activities. As a result, no decent person frequented either business. At least that’s what her dad said.
Everything about Damien said trouble. He came from an awful family, was a poor student and had a horrible temper. He really didn’t stand a chance of escaping his dark destiny. And yet when she looked at his harsh face, she saw something good, kind and pure lurking there, underneath all the pain and disillusionment. 
Perhaps she was being a fool. She wouldn’t be the first female to wrongfully equate good looks with a good soul, but she felt she owed him the opportunity to demonstrate that he was better than how people perceived him. Was she naive? Probably. But she couldn’t seem to help her fascination with the tortured young man. She was hooked on his bad boy charms.
When he finally showed up for class, he looked terrible. Pale and drawn, he slumped in his seat, exuding despair and hopelessness. There were deep shadows beneath his dark eyes that could have been from lack of sleep but were more likely the fading bruises from two black eyes. Had he been fighting again? She hoped not. He really needed to channel all that violent energy into something more productive. She knew just the thing. But how would she bring it up exactly?
She approached him slowly, copying the technique she’d seen used by animal trainers on Discovery Planet when dealing with a skittish yet dangerous beast. When she was standing directly in front of him she felt a burst of joy unfurl in her chest. He was back! She really wanted to throw her arms around him but instead she just cleared her throat to gain his attention.
He slowly raised his chin and gave her a cursory glance. 
She felt her heart drop in disappointment. She’d been hoping for some indication that he’d missed her. Anything. Just a hint of a smile would have been all the encouragement she needed. But there was nothing in his face to indicate he’d thought of her once in the past two weeks.
“You’re back?” She said, looking up at the clock over his shoulder. Damn, they only had two minutes before Mr. Leacock started class.
“Looks like it.” Damien said sarcastically.
She giggled nervously. “I’m glad.”
He nodded and looked down at the engine pieces she’d left carefully laid out on their shared table.
“I was wondering if you could help me with something.”
He snorted. “Doubt it. Last time I helped you with something I got kicked out of school.”
She raised one hand, instantly contrite. “I’m sorry. I never wanted that to happen.”
He turned away from her, examining the engine parts with concentrated interest.
Oh, why was he so difficult? Her temper flared. “I never asked you to go after him. I could have handled the situation myself. You didn’t need to go all Wrestlemania on him, you know.”
He looked up at her. “Wrestlemania?” His full lips tilted in a ghost of a smile.
She was so thrilled to be having an actual conversation with him that she felt giddy. All she wanted was to see that amused expression of his turn into a full-blown smile. She gestured towards where Steve was sitting, watching them with palpable dislike. “Yeah. You definitely opened up a can of whoop-ass on poor old Steve.”
Damien arched an eyebrow at her. “Poor old Steve? That piece of shit was going to invite you to a party and get you drunk. Then he was planning a little date-rape action.”
She blinked a few times, shocked at Damien’s revelation. Boys pretty much ignored her unless they were mocking her, so this couldn’t be true. “I’m sure you misunderstood him. Steve could have any girl he wanted. Why would he have to force anyone? Especially me?” She placed her hand on her mostly concave chest.
He looked her up and down and she felt her cheeks flood with color at his bold assessment. She knew she was plain and her odd-looking, almost colorless eyes nudged her into freak-show territory, but when he looked at her like this she felt normal. Almost pretty.
“Why not you?” He asked, his gaze focusing on her long, slender legs beneath the new knee-length linen skirt she’d carefully chosen that morning. “Besides, some guys get off on the rough stuff. They like a bit of a struggle. Easy is boring. Apparently, he’s one of those. I guess he thought you might put up a good fight.” His tone was flat, almost disinterested as he rubbed a hand over his peach-fuzz-covered chin.
She stared at him in shock. What kind of person spoke of violence against women so casually? “You almost sound like you think that’s acceptable.”
He gave her an incredulous look. “If I thought it was acceptable I wouldn’t have broken his fucking nose. You’re the one feeling sorry for him. Defending his raping ass. Not me.”
Rosalie fought the impulse to poke him hard in the stomach. This beautiful boy was so infuriating. How dare he insinuate that she was making excuses for Steve’s messed-up intentions? “I wasn’t defending him. I just thought you went a little crazy on him. That’s all,” she finished miserably.
Suddenly, he stood up. He bridged the gap between them until the tips of her minuscule breasts nearly brushed his bony rib cage. He was totally in her personal space, aggressively looming over her with hostile energy emanating from him like a force-field. She was nearly overwhelmed by a weird combination of fear and excitement. Part of her knew she should step away from him and run for safety but instead she had to fight the impulse to curl herself against his thin chest and comfort him. Undecided, she just stood her ground, staring up at his thunderous expression.
“Crazy? What do you know about crazy?” He hissed.
Trying to keep her gaze steady, she raised her chin a notch. “Not as much as you do, obviously. Clearly, you’re an expert on the subject,” she said quietly, waiting for him to blow up.
He stared at her for several long moments, blinked, clearly surprised that she wouldn’t back down.
Mr. Leacock chose that moment to enter the room and the spell between them was broken.
Damien took a careful step back and his face became shuttered again. Beneath his breath, she thought she heard him mutter, “You got that right. I know crazy.”
He ignored her completely for the next 55 minutes. Until the bell rang to signal the end of class. As the other students began filing out of the room he didn’t disappear with his usual hurried grace. To her complete shock, he turned to her as he shrugged into his ragged jean jacket.
“What did you need help with?” He asked quietly, not looking at her, but instead glaring at Steve as he passed by their table.
She nearly clapped her hands with excitement. This was the first time Damien Wilde had ever initiated a conversation with her. Taking a deep breath to calm herself, she stood up and began gathering her things. Trying to keep her tone as casual as possible, she made her proposal. 
“Well, my dad isn’t happy about this, but I bought a car. And I was hoping you would help me get it road-ready.”
Damien’s eyes widened in surprise. “A car? You’re not old enough to drive, are you? And what do you mean, ‘not road-ready?’” He asked suspiciously.
“I’ll be sixteen in a few months. And well, the car, isn’t really running right now….”
“Oh Jesus. Did you buy a junker? I thought you were the brainy type. What were you thinking?”
She tucked an errant strand of her wiry red hair behind her ear. “I was thinking it would be a great project. My uncle sold it to me for practically nothing and it looks pretty good. Just needs a little body work…And engine work… and new tires… and, well, okay. Practically everything. But I thought we could work on it. Together.” She leaned against the table and began nervously picking at a loose thread on her back-pack.
“Let me get this straight. You want us to hang out? And work on a car?” He shook his head in amused exasperation. 
She nodded eagerly.
“And when you say ‘we’ll work on it’ you mean I’ll work on it and you’ll stand around chatting my damned ear off. Just like in class. Is that what you had in mind?”
She gave him a sheepish grin. Okay. Maybe she did have a tendency to talk too much. But only when she was nervous. Or scared. Or happy. Or awake. “Sort of. I thought I could do research and provide morale support, while you do the physical labor.” She pointed at her head. “Brains.” She pointed at his slender but sinewy arms. “Brawn. The perfect team.”
He frowned at her, his brows drawing down in a scowl. “Brawn? Is that how you see me? Just because I’m barely passing most of my classes doesn’t make me a complete meat-head, you know.” He turned from her in disgust and began walking towards the exit.
Crap! Rosalie inwardly groaned in frustration and grabbed his arm before he could get very far. She felt a small tingle ignite where her fingers brushed his tanned wrist and had to fight the impulse to wrap both hands around his arm and drag him back to their table. Not that she could have moved him if she tried. Even bone-thin he outweighed her by a good fifty pounds.
Effortlessly, Damien removed his arm from her grip but didn’t walk away. He seemed oddly unsure of himself, like he desperately wanted to leave but couldn’t quite commit to that level of rudeness.
Hoping to convince him to stay, she threw both her hands up in supplication. “I swear. That’s not what I meant. I’m sorry. I have a talent for saying the wrong thing. Like all the time. I don’t think you’re dumb at all. Quite the opposite. You’re just so much better at this stuff than I am.” She gestured towards the tools hanging neatly from the wall. “I suck at it, clearly, but wanted to contribute something to the project. Be part of the team. So my brains are really all I have to offer.” 
“Team?” He rubbed the back of his neck and shot her an uncomfortable glance. “Listen. I don’t want to be a bastard here but it sounds like you think we’re friends or something.” He rolled his eyes at her hopeful, puppy-dog face and tried to soften his tone. “Just because I didn’t let that animal maul you doesn’t make me your buddy or personal guardian angel, ok? I overheard him talking shit in the smoking pit and just reacted when I saw him touching you. Don’t make me out to be some kind of hero. Because I’m not. Not even close. So, if you need your car fixed or your cat shaved or god help me, a shoulder to cry on, call your boyfriend. Not me. Ok?”
She blushed to the roots of her hair. Was she that transparent? Did he suspect she was crushing on him? How humiliating….
“But I don’t have a boyfriend.” The words popped out before she could wrestle them back into her throat. 
He gave her a knowing look. “Not yet. But you will. And he’ll be the kind of guy you can count on. Mild-mannered, responsible, solid. Maybe a little boring.” He gave her a half-grin to soften his words. “But he won’t be someone like me. Understand?”
Rosalie gave him a haughty stare. “Wow. Mr. Arrogant. I don’t know what you’re getting at but this isn’t some grand scheme to trap you into being my boyfriend or something.” She crossed her fingers behind her back and prayed her expressive face didn’t betray her this one time. “Why can’t you just help me with my car without making such a big deal out of it?” She placed her hands on her hips and threw her hair back in a defiant gesture. “All I’m saying is that I’ve enjoyed this class with you. I like watching you work. And I thought maybe you might want to expand your skills a bit.” She shrugged her shoulders. “What we have here is just a mutually beneficial situation where I get a super-cool operational vehicle and you get an opportunity to work on a classic car. No big romantic conspiracy, I swear.” Oh God. She was going to hell, big time.
Damien watched her for several long seconds. 
She wanted to look away but held his gaze, trying to look as innocent as possible.
He groaned. “Just to be clear, we’re talking about a complete re-build here? Do you have any idea how much time that’ll take? Not to mention the money?”
She couldn’t help grinning in triumph. He was considering her proposal. “I would pay for everything. I’ve been tutoring for years so I have some savings.”
He looked pensive for a moment and then shook his head. “Sorry, I really can’t. I have to work at the bike shop after school. And I really only know Harleys.”
“It’s a classic.” She coaxed. She’d seen a picture of a similar model in his locker when she’d been stalking him one afternoon, so knew her aunt’s car was one of his favorites.
His dark eyes gleamed with interest. “What kind of classic?”
“1967 Mustang. Convertible. Candy-apple red.”
He whistled in appreciation. “Why the hell would your uncle let a car like that go?”
Rosalie shrugged. “Well, it belonged to my Aunt. She passed away years ago. She loved that car so he couldn’t get rid of it. But he couldn’t make himself drive it either. So, it’s just been sitting there, collecting dust. I’ve always wanted it. In fact, one of the reasons I took this course was so I could do some basic maintenance on it if I ever managed to get my hands on it.” Truthfully, she’d never been interested in the car until she’d spied the picture in Damien’s locker.
He rolled his eyes. “You realize a car like that is a money-pit, right?  And coming here,” he gestured around at the classroom, “for the last few months doesn’t make you a mechanic. Especially considering you don’t like getting your hands dirty.”
She wrinkled her nose at him. “I realize that which is why I’m asking for your help. You’re really talented. And I bet you can figure out most of it. How different can it be from a motorcycle?”
“You have no idea, do you?”
“No, but I have faith in you.” She said with complete confidence. Not a lie this time. She really did believe he could do anything.
He sighed. “Why not just get a real mechanic? One who specializes in classic cars?”
“I can’t afford that. Besides, haven’t you been working at your uncle’s shop for years? Doesn’t that make you an experienced mechanic?”
“I guess so.” His expression darkened and his voice took on a bitter undertone. “I’ve been working on bikes as long as I can remember. Old Uncle Jerry doesn’t believe in kids having down-time. So, yeah, if experience counts more than actual certification, then yeah, I’m a mechanic.” He narrowed his eyes at her. “But how did you know that?”
Oops. She really needed to keep her stalking tendencies under wraps. 
She giggled nervously. “Oh please. Everyone knows you fix most of the bikes that go into that shop. You’re hardly the international man of mystery you think you are, you know.”
He narrowed his eyes at her. “What else have people told you?”
Rosalie hesitated. Did she really want to mention his incarcerated father? Or how about his alcohol-addicted mother? His crazy-mean uncle? No, none of these subjects were going to make him feel more inclined to help her. 
“I can’t remember. Nothing too terribly interesting. Why? What would they say? Do you have some deep, dark secret you’d like to share?”
For a moment he looked uncomfortable but then his hard mask slid into place again. “Nope. Nothing to share. So, where is this beast now?”
She nearly did a victory dance at his resigned tone.
“It’s in my driveway. Under a tarp. We could work on it there, if you want.” She said eagerly, anticipating long, romantic afternoons together. Maybe he’d stay for dinner. Or possibly go for a swim in their pool. The idea of Damien, shirtless and sweaty as he strutted down the diving board, made her feel a little breathless.
He snorted, ruining her fantasy. “Do you actually have any tools? Or a lift?”
She hadn’t thought of that. “Well, no.”
He shook his head in incredulity. “Figured as much.” He studied her for a minute as if trying to figure something out. “Isn’t your dad the town vet? Pretty sure he would hate the idea of me hanging around. So, no to that plan.”
“Why would my dad care?”
Damien looked down at his hands. “Well, he knows my family.”
She frowned at him. Her dad had never mentioned knowing the Wildes. “So? He knows most of the families in town. Everyone around here brings their pets to him.” She added proudly.
Damien looked up at the clock and then over her shoulder. “Not us. We’re banned.”
“He wouldn’t do that.”
“Yes, he would. But with good reason. You see, he treated a few of the dogs that got hurt in one of my Uncle’s dog-fighting matches a few years ago. They’re pretty brutal and your dad called the cops to have them shut down. My uncle was pissed.” He smiled at this but then his expression went blank. “He shot the dogs after that. Said they weren’t earning their keep.”
Rosalie covered her mouth in shock. She’d heard rumors of Jerry Wilde’s brutality but this was barbaric. Those poor animals. “That’s terrible.”
He shrugged. “They were better off. He starved them to get them to fight. Part of their training. I hated listening to them howl. As soon as he’d leave for the bar at night, I’d sneak out there to the pens and give them what I could salvage in the kitchen. He found out, of course. But I kept doing it.” He cracked a smile that was devoid of humor or joy. “What a dumb kid, eh? Maybe you were right when you called me stupid earlier.” 
She shook her head. “I didn’t say that. And I don’t think showing kindness to those dogs makes you stupid. Not at all. That makes you human.”
“Human. Stupid. Same thing. Doesn’t matter. He killed them anyway. I couldn’t help them.” He was silent for a moment, staring at the floor. “So, your dad isn’t exactly a fan of my family. Can’t imagine why not.” He laughed mirthlessly.
“I’m so sorry.” Tears stung her eyes and she placed her hand on his forearm.
He jerked back from her touch. “Rosie. Jeez. Don’t feel sorry for me. This was years ago. I just wanted you to understand why your daddy would seriously hate the idea of me hanging around his precious little girl, corrupting her with my low-class presence.” He shook his head. “Damn. I can’t believe I told you all that.”
“I’m glad you told me. But what are we going to do about the car if you won’t come to my place? Maybe we could bring it to the bike shop? Would your uncle mind if we worked on it there?”
“He would hate it. Which is exactly why it’s such a great idea,” he said defiantly.
She bit her lip in uncertainty. “I don’t want you to get in trouble. Is there somewhere else?”
“And where would that be exactly? Do you have enough money to rent a garage stall somewhere for the next six months or so?”
“No.” She shook her head and tried valiantly to hide her disappointment. Her swimming pool fantasy was probably never going to become a reality.
“Then Ol’ Uncle Jerry is going to have to deal with it.”
She gave him a doubtful look. “Forgive me for saying this, but your uncle sounds like he’s several elements short of a compound. Plus, he hates my dad. What makes you think he’ll want me coming around your bike shop?” 
He grinned, rebellion dancing in his dark eyes. “Easy. I’ll just tell him I’m fucking you.”
Her hand flew to her suddenly pounding chest. “What? I never agreed to that.” She knew her face had just turned bright red at his shocking statement. Was this Damien’s roundabout way of propositioning her? Not exactly the romantic set up she’d envisioned but at least he was flirting with her, sort of…
He held out a hand to placate her. “Relax. Rosie. Don’t hyperventilate. That’s just what I’ll tell him. He’d be delighted to think I’m defiling the vet’s daughter. Plus, trading labor for sex is a concept he’s very familiar with.”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean, he has some regular ladies that get more than their oil changed at our shop.” He wiggled his eyebrows suggestively at her.
She felt her stomach turn. “That’s gross. Who would do that?” The thought of any woman prostituting themselves to Damien’s creepy uncle in exchange for mechanical work was just too repugnant for words.
“You’d be surprised,” he said knowingly with a careless shrug. “Besides, it’s no big deal. A lot of the club girls know they can bring their vehicles to our shop. If they’re desperate to keep their cars or bikes running and Jerry is willing to give them a good deal for a little knob-polishing, then what’s the harm?” 
“Ewwww. Knob-polishing?” She made a gagging sound. “I don’t even know where to start with how disgusting that is. Your concept of ‘no big deal’ is truly disturbing. Those poor women.”
Damien chuckled. “Ah. Don’t be such a little prude, Rosie,” he said, sticking his hands in the pockets of his jacket. “So what if they want a little free labor. How is that different than what you want from me?” He raised one speculative eyebrow at her.
She gaped at him. “It’s hardly the same thing!” She sputtered. “I’m not polishing anything for it. And I’ll be helping.”
Damien narrowed his eyes at her. “No offense, but the last thing I need is your help.” He gestured towards the engine they’d been working on. “I just spent the past 55 minutes undoing all the ‘work’ you did while I was gone. So, I’ll pass on having you as my assistant.” 
Rosalie frowned and looked down at her squeaky-clean hands. 
It’s true, she hadn’t been pulling her weight in class. It wasn’t really her fault. He was just so skilled with his hands. She loved watching his deft fingers effortlessly navigate all the parts of the engine. He had a natural affinity for mechanics. And well, she simply didn’t. So she let him shoulder most of the work. He didn’t seem to mind. She’d just assumed he was happy with their arrangement. She should have known he would resent her lack of participation on their shared project. And now he was insinuating she wanted to use him outside of class as well.
How did she fix this?
“I suppose I could pay you for your time,” she said slowly, “but it won’t be much.”
His face tightened at the suggestion. “That’s not what I was saying. I don’t want your damn money, Rosie. I’ve worked two jobs for years. My uncle is an asshole but he pays pretty well. So I’m not after your pathetic tutoring chump-change,” he said scornfully, dark eyes flashing with anger.
She held her hands up in a placating gesture. “I don’t know what you want from me then. I just thought you’d enjoy working on the car. That it would be fun. I never meant to insult you or use you or anything like that. Obviously this was a mistake. I wish I’d never asked for your help.” She gave him a hurt look as she threaded her arms through the straps of her pink back-pack and pulled her long hair away from her neck to prevent the thick strands from being trapped underneath the bulky weight of her books. “Forget I mentioned it, ok?” She muttered as she raised her chin and began walking towards the exit.
She heard Damien swear under his breath behind her and then suddenly he was standing directly in front of her, blocking her exit. Damn, he was fast. 
She attempted to dodge around him but he just grabbed her by both arms, completely blocking her progress out the door. She turned her head to the side, hoping he wouldn’t see the tears pooling in her eyes. Unfortunately he was leaning down to look her directly in the face, so there was no way to hide her girlish emotions. Yet another reason she was bullied, she cried with the slightest provocation. Sad movies, sentimental commercials, kitten calendars and nasty comments all had the same result: waterworks. 
He ignored her humiliating tears and forced her gaze up to his with one finger beneath her chin. “Rosie, I won’t forget it. No one has asked me for help before and I was trying to figure out your angle.”
She blinked up at him. “My angle? I don’t have an angle.” Well, technically, she did want to spend more time with him, but that wasn’t really an angle, was it? She chose to believe it wasn’t. Her conscience tweaked at this rationalization but she ignored it. 
“I know you don’t. And I’m not used to that.” He released both her arms and ran his grease-stained fingers through his dark hair. “Damn it. I’m fucking this up royally. I do that a lot.”
“I don’t think that’s true. Not at all,” she said softly, looking up at him in surprise. In her admittedly biased eyes, he was so capable and confident. Not to mention gorgeous and complicated. And yet he saw himself as a complete screw-up. It was heart-breaking. 
“Yes, it is. I mess up everything. Ask anyone.” His tone was resigned, almost matter-of-fact. Not even a hint of bitterness or resentment seeped through, which just made his opinion of himself less tolerable. This was not a person looking for sympathy or fishing for compliments. He had clearly accepted that he was inept so long ago that the words no longer stung. Someone had spent a lot of time reinforcing this kind of low self-esteem. Made it their mission and really worked at it. Like a hobby.
He looked down at his large dirty boots. “In fact, most people think I’m too stupid to have an opinion, so they just tell me what to do. It’s easier than explaining things to me. That’s what I’m used to. Not this. Whatever this is. It’s confusing the shit out of me.”
“What’s confusing you? I don’t understand.”
“YOU!” He nearly shouted. “You’re confusing me.”
“Because I think you’re smart. And talented. Is that what’s throwing you for a loop? Has no one every admired you before?”
He gave her a frustrated glare. “No.” He made a strangled sound in the back of his throat and turned away from her, hands on hips, staring at the bulletin board on the wall. “Yes. I don’t know. I guess.”
Rosalie felt a bit like a lion tamer working without a chair or a whip. He was so volatile. One minute he was teasing her, the next he was irate. Then bewildered. All in the space of a few minutes. She wondered briefly why she was bothering with this mixed up boy. Then she looked at the slumped posture of his powerful back and she knew why. 
He was worth it. 
“Damien.” She wanted to reach up and run her hand down his back but she didn’t dare. What if he flinched away from her? “Damien,” she said again, trying to gain his attention.
He glanced over his shoulder at her. “What?” He said impatiently.
“Do you want to work on the car?”
He hesitated and then nodded.
“Ok then. That’s all that matters. Your uncle can think whatever twisted, perverted thing he wants.”
He turned around and stared at her. “My uncle isn’t the only one who’s going to think we’re screwing if you start hanging around the bike shop. You better get used to the idea that everyone will be assuming that you’re the one getting the lube job.”
She wrinkled her nose at him. “Ummm. Yuck.”
He grinned at her disgusted expression. “Sorry, but it’s true. No one will believe I’m working for free. Face it. Your reputation is going to take an extreme nose-dive if you start associating with my kind.”
“Oh please.” She rolled her eyes. “Your kind. What does that even mean? You’re so dramatic. This isn’t West Side Story. No one will give a hoot if I’m there or not. And if anyone asks, I’ll just say I’m tutoring you.”
“And when my pathetic grades don’t improve?”
She raised one shoulder. “Simple. They’ll improve.”
“I work two jobs, and now I’m rebuilding your wreck of a car for free and somehow my grades will miraculously improve while I’m working my ass off? I don’t think so.”
“They will if I tutor you WHILE you’re working.”
He gave her a doubtful look but he didn’t argue.
Their bargain was set: she would tutor him while he worked on her car. They would spend time together, and eventually they would fall deeply in love. 
A brilliant plan.
Except for the part where they fell into a comfortable friendship instead. 
