
A collection of short little fairytales about kings, princes, knights, and witches. 

Author's Note:  These stories are all posted free on my website and livejournal. They've simply been turned into an ebook for the convenience of those who asked.  Thank you for reading!

Fairytales Short & Sweet
By Megan Derr

Published by Less Than Three Press LLC

All rights reserved.  No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner without written permission of the publisher, except for the purpose of reviews.

Cover designed by Megan Derr

This book is a work of fiction and as such all characters and situations are fictitious. Any resemblance to actual people, places, or events is coincidental.

First Edition
Copyright © 2012 by Megan Derr
Printed in the United States of America
ISBN MAD005







Fairytales
Short & Sweet

Megan Derr

Table of Contents


True Chivalry	6
If the Shoe Fits	10
Deeds Great and Small	16
Challenge of Quests	32
The Shining Knight	50
The Prince's Champion	60
The King's Challenges	65
The Knight of the Rose	85
Three Questions	90
The Witch in the Woods	99





True Chivalry


Bayard held the teacup gingerly, afraid he would break the damn thing it was so delicate. The tea set, painted with bright flowers and trimmed in gold, was a shock of bright in the middle of a dull, muddy army camp. He looked again at the little girl sitting across from him at a table as incongruous as the tea set. The table was small, round, covered in expensive linen and decorated with a vase of colorful roses—where in the world had anyone found roses, anyway?
Princess Anna pouted at him. "You’re not drinking."
Ever obedient to the whims of royalty, ignoring the snickers of the other men clustered near the royal tent, Bayard sipped tea that tasted more like tea-flavored sugar water, and tepid at that. "You make an excellent pot of tea, your Highness."
She giggled and poured more, and how on earth did she not break it all? Her hands looked so tiny and clumsy holding the tea pot, but she never spilled a drop. After she set the teapot down she picked up a little plate filled with brightly colored little cakes decorated with sugared rose petals.
Where had she gotten all of it? He marveled that anyone had managed to provide such things when they were so far from anything resembling civilization.
He knew the answer, however, and it was the same reason that he was shirking his duties to have afternoon tea dressed in full armor, enduring the good-natured sniggering of his men and the less pleasant comments of his superiors. He would do anything for Prince Ladislas—go to war for him, give up his personal pursuits, quietly pine, die for him.
And sit down beneath a blazing sun to enjoy stale cakes and tepid tea. They should put Princess Anna on the front line; that pout could topple kingdoms. Sipping his tea, he asked any question he could think of that would be appropriate to ask a little girl. Going to battle was so much easier.
But every time she smiled he wanted to keep the smile there, make it brighter. Why in the hell was she there, anyway?
He looked up at the sound of familiar footsteps and jangling spurs, and his heart caught, increased in pace, as he stood to offer Prince Ladislas a hasty bow.
"Sit," Ladislas said dismissively. "Anna, whatever are you doing kidnapping my knights for tea?"
"He offered!" Anna protested, bringing out her mighty pout. "He said pretty girls should not drink tea alone, and pretty princesses should have a knight, and I said he should do both and he said he would be honor."
Ladislas looked at her in surprise. His gaze shifted to Bayard, mouth curving in a soft smile. "Did you say all that, Captain?"
"Yes," Bayard said, tensed for whatever ribbing he was going to take for his old fashioned notions of ‘chivalry and whatnot’.
Ladislas’ smile only widened, and he sat down to join them as a foot soldier came rushing up with a chair. "You are never a disappointment, Captain, but always the best of surprises. Thousands of men in my camp, and only one stopped to comfort a lonely princess."
Bayard ducked his head, flushing at the praise. "It is an honor to serve, Highness, and no man could be but honored to be invited to tea by such a lovely little princess."
"Mm," Ladislas replied. "Hopefully she will be safely away tomorrow morning. If the road she was taking had not been overtaken by our enemies, she would be far away and safe elsewhere."
"I hope she travels safely tomorrow," Bayard replied.
Ladislas nodded, and thanked Anna as she poured him a cup of tea and held it out to him. He smiled and stroked her hair. "Thank you, little sister."
Anna flushed and hid behind her hair, but mumbled, "Welcome, brother."
Looking back at Bayard, Ladislas said, "I am certain you have duties, Captain, after we are finished with tea, but it would please me greatly if you would come by my tent tonight after dark. I think we should speak."
Something in the way he said it, the look in his eyes, made it very hard for Bayard to breathe. He lifted his teacup and nodded. "It would be my pleasure, Highness."
"And mine," Ladislas murmured quietly, and his smile then hot and full of promise and only for Bayard, fading only as he turned back to resume chatting with his sister.




If the Shoe Fits


"You’re going to what?" Sean demanded, pinching the bridge of his nose, pushing his spectacles up. "What have I told you about having cake for breakfast, Highness?"
"Shove off," Caspian said cheerfully. "I had a bit of fruit tart. And you heard me—I’m going to try the shoe on every last bloody person in the kingdom if that is it what it takes to find the man I danced with at the ball last night. "You will help me."
Sean glared at him. "You’re right, I will—by tying you to your bloody bed and leaving you there until you see sense! It was a ball, it was a tryst in a garden, and grossly inappropriate by the way for a prince to act in such fashion!"
Caspian rolled his eyes. "There is very little point in being a prince if I cannot occasionally get away with being an idiot."
"Occasionally would be acceptable; every man alive deserves to occasionally be an idiot. But you are one constantly! You are not going foot hunting across the kingdom, I forbid it."
"You’re my advisor, not my damn father," Caspian snapped. "You do what I tell you!"
"I do what your father tells me," Sean replied coldly, "And I quote: ‘Use any means necessary to rein in my reckless, impulsive, probably slightly insane son and keep him from driving everyone else crazy and murdering him in the street.’ Those are my orders, Highness, and I will follow them."
Caspian made a crude gesture, then stomped off to where his bath waited. "You needn’t sound so happy about."
"You needn’t sound like a petulant child," Sean retorted.
"Shove off," Caspian said again, and discarded his robe, then clambered into the bath, splashing soapy water all about.
Sean sighed and went to go pour a cup of tea at the breakfast table and look over Caspian’s schedule for the day. "You are far too busy today to go on a foot hunt."
"Then cancel it all," Caspian replied, head bowed as he scrubbed soap vigorously into his mop of strawberry curls. "I do not give a damn about teas and luncheons and musicals or whatever else my father has me doing in his futile attempts to make me the spitting image of my saintly brothers. Wonder what he would say if he knew Angelic Andrew likes—"
"Enough," Sean interrupted, really not needing the image of the crown prince that Caspian was about to put into his head. "You’re not going on a foot hunt."
"I am," Caspian said, and Sean bit back a groan of despair at the stubborn tone to his voice. There was no arguing with Caspian once he got that tone, though he would try anyway.
At least, he consoled himself miserably, there was not a chance in hell that Caspian would ever find someone who fit the ornate buckled shoe with which he was obsessed. Caspian would tear the kingdom apart, but he would never find the foot that belonged to the shoe.
Readjusting his spectacles, he set the schedule aside and sipped his tea, picking unenthusiastically at his breakfast as he tried not to watch Caspian bathe. "So when do you want to begin your Great Foot Hunt?" he asked sourly. "I hope you are aware that your father will put an end to this foolishness the very moment he catches wind of it."
"Knowing you, he will catch wind of it the very moment I let you out of this room," Caspian replied, and abruptly stood up, water sluicing from his body—very golden, very broad, very well-formed and entirely too appealing body—and going everywhere as he climbed from the tub and stalked to where his clothes were set out.
Instead of the clothes, however, he picked up something else—
The goddamn shoe, Sean realized irritably. He was going to beat someone to death with that damn shoe before this was all over—probably himself, since it was entirely his own fault and that’s what he got for thinking more like Caspian than like himself. Stifling a sigh, he scowled at Caspian and said, "Put on some clothes."
Ignoring him, Caspian strode over to the table and held it out. "Let’s start now."
Sheer panic made Sean freeze for a moment. When he finally pulled himself together, he was rather pleased to manage a cold, flat, "No. You want to carry on with this nonsense, you go right ahead. I have little choice but to let you, in the end, no matter what your father bids me do. But I will not indulge your foolish behavior by being party to it. Find some other idiot."
"Do you really want to drag this out indefinitely, Sean? Because I will," Caspian said quietly.
The serious tone of voice, the solemn expression on his face, drew Sean up short. His heart started to beat rapidly in his chest, though he was able to keep his voice calm enough as he replied, "What are you going on about now?"
"I kept waiting for you to say something," Caspian replied. "You didn’t. Then you were gone this morning, and only showed up at your usual time like nothing had ever happened. I thought you were just playing a game last night, with the mask and pretending to be a stranger. Did you really think I would not know you anywhere?"
Sean opened his mouth, then closed it again. He had thought Caspian would not recognize him—hard worked hard to ensure it. Annoyance got the better of him, and he asked, "You knew it was me the entire time?"
"Of course I did," Caspian said. "I’d know you anywhere, Sean."
"I—why?" Sean asked, feeling lost. "You—you don’t like me, Caspian."
Caspian scowled—and really, would it kill him to put on some clothes while they had this discussion? "That’s not true. Who else would argue with you constantly? You cannot stand people who mindlessly obey. You have no patience for people who act scared of you. I argue. I defy you. I keep you challenged and interested. You’re never bored around me, and I know this is the first time you’ve stayed so long in a post—and I’ve never kept an assistant as long as I’ve kept you. I’ve driven off every person who has tried to coax you away from me. You’re mine!"
Sean opened and closed his mouth again.
"I didn’t think you actually liked me, you know," Caspian continued more somberly. "Not until last night. Then you pretended it hadn’t happened, and I couldn’t stand that. So tell me now, Sean—did you really mean for it to be just a tryst?"
He could keep lying, make Caspian so angry that he finally gave up. But he didn’t like Caspian thinking Sean was that callous, because he wasn’t, whatever the rumors said. "I thought that was all it could be, Highness," he admitted.
"You’re a bloody idiot," Caspian said, and threw the shoe at him. "So try it on?"
Sean rolled his eyes and threw the shoe aside, fighting a smile, unable to believe it. "Do you really want me to put that shoe on, Highness? Or would you prefer I take the other one off?" He smirked as his meaning sank in and Caspian’s thoughts on the matter became quite clear, given he could not be bothered to dress.
"Off," Caspian said. "All of it. Now. I want you in sunlight, not moonlight." Then, in typical Caspian fashion, he bent and yanked Sean to his feet to take care of the matter himself. "I can’t believe you were actually going to let me wander around the bloody kingdom making people try on shoes. I’m not that stupid, Sean."
"Oh, really, because I can recall—" As expected, Caspian cut him off with a kiss, and Sean was more than happy to set aside discussion of Caspian’s adventures in poor judgment in favor of keeping him too busy to come up with new schemes.
It might not be exactly what the king meant, but Sean sensed he would not mind.




Deeds Great and Small


Judoc walked aimlessly through the castle, not certain who to approach, feeling all over again like he was the farmer’s son who had nothing to his name and had fought every step of the way to prove he could stand with the other knights. All around him, his fellow trainees were gathered around greater knights and aloof lords, accepting their challenges to pass the last of their tests before winning spurs.
The final test for all knights-hopeful was to approach a lord or knight in need and meet three Challenges of Chivalry—to prove that a knight was not simply his horse and his sword, was not simply a soldier, but a good and honorable man beyond the battlefield. A knight at war was useful; a knight at peace was invaluable.
He knew from gossip amongst them that the lords and knights always handed out the same challenges, to help the students on their way. The professors had assured him that all lords and knights would participate, and play fairly, and be good to all students–
But Judoc still was reluctant as he looked at each and every one of them. None of them drew him, none appealed. He was not certain why or what he was looking for—or why he was looking for anything other than a quick and easy test to pass like the others—but he knew he would not settle until he found the elusive something he sought.
Eventually, he grew frustrated and tired of wandering, and settled in a chair by the great fire in the public hall. He scowled at the floor, annoyed it provided him no answers, and raked a hand restlessly through his red-brown hair.
A sigh that seemed to echo his frustrations made him look up, and for the first time he noticed who else sat before the great fire—Lord Rozzen, a scholar of some sort. Judoc had never crossed paths with him, really; everyone knew Lord Rozzen kept to himself. Judoc had once seen him yelling at the Consort about something, and had been surprised the Consort only seemed amused about being taken to task by a lord he could have had thrown in jail for such an offense.
Presently, Lord Rozzen only looked tired, frustrated, and in pain. He had a large book spread across his lap, the words written in old script, faded and smudged. Curious as to why he was so frustrated by a book, Judoc asked, "You seem troubled, my lord. Is there anything I can do to help?"
Lord Rozzen jumped, clearly startled, head snapping up—and he had the brightest gold eyes Judoc had ever seen, large behind the gold-rimmed spectacles perched precariously on his nose. He was handsome, in a quiet sort of way—like his books, Rozzen thought. His features were tidy, soft, pretty but not ornate. He also, Judoc noted for no good reason, had a great many freckles and a small scar under one eye. "Oh, that time of year is it? Why the devil are you here? The others manage that nonsense, unless they’re so overfull they sent you here."
"What—oh, no, my lord. I mean, it is that time of year, but—well, I only asked to ask, not because of the challenge. I wondered why a book would make someone heave so great a sigh."
"Oh," Lord Rozzen said, staring at him, and for a moment he seemed almost disappointed. Before Judoc could say anything, however, Lord Rozzen continued, "This book is causing a lot of sighing because it is hard to read, and my eyes are tired from the strain, but I need to know what it says in order to break the curse I am working on."
Judoc looked at him in surprise. "You’re a curse breaker?"
Lord Rozzen looked disappointed again, but it was quickly buried. "Yes, I am," he said stiffly, and bent back to the book.
Reaching out, Judoc took it from him and turned it so he could read it. "This is a grimoire," he said, impressed. "These aren’t even legal, without the King’s consent." He looked up and smiled. "My grandfather had one; it was a gift from the crown for killing a curse mage during the war. Where did you stop reading?" 
He looked down before Rozzen could reply, and simply started reading from the top of page it was on. Reading went slowly at first, and the firelight did not completely make up for a good lamp, but it was no worse than reading for his grandfather.
He kept reading, absorbing himself in the complicated text, forgetting everything else. He read the way his grandfather had taught him:  steady, even, and clear—until suddenly he was finished. Judoc stared at the book a moment, then shook himself and looked up with a smile.
Rozzen was staring at him, a slight flush to his cheeks. "You’re very good at that."
Judoc laughed, scrubbing at his hair. "My grandfather made me read to him. He liked books, but his eyes went bad as he got older. No one else who could read had the patience for it, so I read to him every night until he fell asleep. I liked doing it." 
He hadn’t realized until then just how much he missed it, he had been so busy with sword, lances, horses, drills, dancing, etiquette—being a knight, it was easy to forget all the things about home he had liked even as he had remembered all the things he’d hated.
He closed the book and handed it back, "Uh—did it help? With that curse?"
"Yes," Rozzen said, and seemed to collect himself. "I needed to know how the curse mage who wrote this book wove a particular curse, since it forms the basis for the curse I am trying to break. I think I have a better idea of what to do now, thank you." He stood up, and pulled something from his finger, tossing it to Judoc. "For your chivalrous deed, knight."
Judoc caught it deftly, and stood to bow politely as Rozzen departed, staring after him a moment. He resumed his seat, feeling lost again as stared at the gold ring in his hand—Proof of Challenge. 
One down, two to go … yet he did not feel at all victorious.

*~*~*

Several days later, he was trudging home from being sent to deliver a message—work normally reserved for heralds, but the area was dangerous and the message unpleasant, so they had opted to send a knight-hopeful. The others being too busy with their challenges, and Judoc at loose ends because he would not approach anyone, they had sent him.
He was glad he had opted for his leather armor rather than full mail; there was so much rain pounding down he shuddered to think how much more miserable he would be. Judoc made a futile effort to wipe rain from his face and pulled his hood back up after the wind whipped it off. Another hour or so, and he would be home; he could clean up, dry off, and fall into bed—and he dared anyone to wake him before midday.
The clouds and rain were so heavy he could not see far ahead—and dark was coming far too fast, curse it. He should have waited it out, but he had thought he would be able to beat the weather.
He was so lost in his thoughts that he almost did not see the figure on the side of the road, huddled beside a fallen horse. Drawing his mount to a halt, Judoc dismounted, the jangling of his spurs muffled but still audible, causing the man to look up.
Lord Rozzen, and he looked even more miserable than Judoc—covered in mud, his face scratched and bleeding, and he was definitely holding his arm gingerly against his chest. "My lord," Judoc said, kneeling beside him on the muddy ground. It took only a glance to see what must have happened—the horse had taken a fall, broken its leg, and Rozzen had been forced to put it down and leave himself stranded. "Let us get you home," Judoc said, and quickly gathered up Rozzen’s saddlebags and knapsack.
When the bags were settled with his, Judoc returned to Rozzen and carefully helped him to his feet. "Can you mount?"
"Yes," Rozzen said, pale with pain, but his voice firm.
Judoc nodded and led him to his horse, then helped him up. When Rozzen was settled, Judoc swung up behind him, wrapping his own large cloak around them both as much as he was able as he ordered his horse to go. It was slow going, but suddenly it did not seem so tedious—even if they never spoke, even if Rozzen somehow managed to fall asleep.
When the castle at last came into view, Judoc could have wept from relief. He rode through the gates, across the yard and right up to the keep proper. Only then, as servants came rushing out to help, did he finally dismount and carefully help Rozzen.
Rozzen, who looked even worse than he had before. Judoc got the location of Rozzen's rooms from the servants and, after bidding them bring healing supplies and food, lifted Rozzen into his arms and carried him off. In Rozzen’s chambers, he stripped Rozzen down and cleaned him with the hot water and soap servants brought. Toweling him dry, Judoc pushed him into his bed, made him drink a potion, and then finally let him go back to sleep.
Only after Rozzen seemed to be resting well did Judoc finally depart to tend to himself, shivering the whole time.
When he woke a few hours later, his room was lit by a single candle—which gleamed on a gold ring, set upon a scrap of parchment. He picked up the parchment, read the words of thanks, stared at the wax pressed with Rozzen’s seal.
Picking up the ring, he slid it onto his finger to join the first, then pulled the blankets back up around him and went back to sleep.

*~*~*

Judoc should feel like panicking—well, really he should just be panicking. The challenges would close in just three more days and he was a challenge short, a vassal short, and would go from being a knight-hopeful to nothing.
He was too busy daydreaming of Lord Rozzen to care, and what a great fool that made him. Judoc sighed, and wished again he could get the man out of his head—but everywhere he turned something else reminded him of Lord Rozzen. Of their two encounters, and the strange disappointment he felt that each time he was simply given a token. It chaffed Lord Rozzen thought that was his only reason for helping, and that he merited them for such simple things that anyone could do.
Tokens were the very least of his concern, but it seemed a stupid thing to say when of course he should want tokens—he was in a mess because he had not sought them. In three days he would sit alone while his fellows won their spurs and moved on with their lives.
Making a face, thoroughly sick of himself, Judoc decided to go for a ride. Returning to his room, he changed his courtly clothes for an older clothes and his leather armor. It took him only moments to ready his horse and ride out, exploring the countryside in search of an answer he knew he would not find.
The sound of frightened screams jerked him from his thoughts, and he stopped his horse, looking around for the source—and saw farmers in a half-harvested field waving their arms. He rode across the field, and saw the problem immediately upon reaching them.
One of the men lay on the ground, shuddering and twitching, spittle covering his mouth, eyes rolled to the back of his head. To judge from the smells of burnt flesh and hot metal, the way his hand was blackened …
"He’s been cursed," Judoc said quietly. He looked up at one of the women. "Go to the castle, fetch Lord Rozzen. He is a curse breaker." He turned to the others and gestured. "Take him to the road, tend him as best you’re able. Has anyone else been afflicted?"
"Aye," an old man said. "But he died in the night, we thought from illness."
Judoc nodded, and gestured. "Go to my saddlebags; there is a bottle of purified water in them. Test everything that might possibly have a curse placed in it."
"We’re never going to get the harvesting done," the old man said, looking all the older suddenly. "That is four people now who will not be in the field."
"I will help make up for the four, until the curse breaker comes and set all to rights," Judoc said, and stripped off his armor.
The farmers, almost a dozen of them gathered by that point, eyed him critically—knights and lords were all well and good, their expressions said, but they did not make good farmers. Judoc only smiled and threw his over tunic to join his leather armor. Then he picked up the cursed man’s abandoned scythe and started working. He had not worked in a field in a long time, but his body had not forgotten the rhythms of reaping the crops his family worked so hard to plant.
He might be a knight, but he had not forgotten how to be a farmer. Putting all his attention on the work, he was only distantly aware of everything else around him. The harvesting always came first.
When it grew too dark to work, he finally stopped, sore and filthy and exhausted—but the farmers were happy, making him feel awkward with their praise.
By the roadside, the cursed man was awake, pale and shaky, but recovering. Lord Rozzen stood nearby, speaking with a cluster of villagers. He turned as Judoc approached, and smiled warmly. "Greetings, Knight. Thanks to your opportune arrival, a terrible curse was broken well before greater damage could be caused. The villain was just taken away by the Sheriff. You work in the field like one born to it."
"I was born to it," Judoc replied. "My family works the land of Lord Grayso, nine days’ journey from here. I am glad I was able to help. So all is well now?"
"Yes," Lord Rozzen said. "You were smart to summon me, and his Majesty is not pleased that the farmers were put in danger because lords were squabbling." He drew from his finger a gold ring, but this one was set with a small ruby. Not just a token for a challenge met, but a token for a challenge well and honorably met.
In reply, Judoc stripped off the two gold rings he already wore and dropped them into Rozzen’s palm. Rozzen frowned at him. "I do not understand."
Judoc shrugged, tired from work, angry for no good reason, and completely disheartened. "I do not want rings for reading books and helping injured travelers and assisting farmers. I am not so desperate for tokens that I expect reward for ordinary behavior. Give my tokens to the farmers, if someone must have them. Their daily deeds accomplish far more than I."
Turning sharply on his heel, he stalked to his horse and yanked his tunic back on. He bundled his armor up and attached it to his saddle, lacking the patience to put it back on as he should. Swinging up into the saddle—he stopped short to see Rozzen approach him. "Yes, my lord?"
"I’ve lent my horse to the farmers for the night, to help transport those still weak from the curse. Could I trouble you to give me a ride back to the castle?"
"Of course," Judoc replied, surprised that Rozzen was being so pleasant after Judoc had so rudely rejected all his tokens. He held out a hand, and helped Rozzen swing up into the saddle behind him.
Trying to ignore the arms that wrapped firmly around him, the body pressed up against him despite the fact that Judoc could use a very thorough bath, he spurred his horse into motion and returned to the castle shortly after full dark had fallen.
He rode across the ward and right up to the steps as the keep, waiting patiently as Rozzen dismounted and headed up into the keep. He started to turn toward the stable when Rozzen abruptly stopped and turned around. "Why do you think your deeds do not merit tokens?"
Judoc shrugged irritably, not entirely able to put it all into words. He had not acted as he did for tokens, and nothing he did had required he be a knight to do them. Anyone could help as he did, and they did so every day. He should not be rewarded for the ordinary—and even if he had done the extraordinary, he did not want any reward but Rozzen’s regard.
"I have done nothing to merit them," he finally said, weary of the whole matter and his own stupid head. "I am only a knight-hopeful too distracted by wanting your regard to focus on improving myself as a knight. I have met no challenges, accomplished no deeds that prove me suitable to be a knight. Rewards are for real accomplishments, not smitten fools who accomplish nothing. Good night, my lord."
He turned and rode off to the stables, not looking back, trying hard not to think about all he had said—or that in three days he would have little choice but to become either a mercenary or a farmer, as he clearly would never be a knight.

*~*~*

Judoc finished his third cup of wine as the last of the knights were finally given their official spurs. He wanted to be anywhere else in the world right then, but could not do his fellows the discourtesy of not seeing them attain what they had all worked so hard and long to gain.
He also could not stop staring at Lord Rozzen, who sat at the high table and chatted easily with the King and Consort, the other nobles invited to sit with them. He was no one who would ever take real notice of a lowly farmer’s son who had not been able to win his spurs—never mind his rude rebuff of the tokens.
Snagging the wine pitcher, Judoc refilled his cup and drank deeply. Soon, he hoped. It looked as though the Consort was going to make another speech, and then at last he would be able to slip away.
As the hall fell silent, the Consort said, "The goal of these challenges is to prove that knights have their uses in times of peace as well as times of war. Tales of knights run amuck continue to haunt the good name of chivalry, and we work hard to ensure such tales remain firmly in the past.
"As every knight here has proven, there are ways to make use of sword and shield beyond the field of battle. The people will always need someone to fight bandits and robbers, to slay ogres and dragons, to brave lands that no ordinary man can face. But being a knight is more than wielding sword and shield, more than facing danger and opposition."
The Consort paused, moved around the table to stand at the top of the steps that led to the King’s private dais. "Sometimes," he finally continued, "the greatest deeds a knight—indeed, any man—can perform are the smallest. It is easy, in the glory of slaying a great dragon, to forget that not everyone needs a dragon slain. Sometimes, the problem is simply a book that needs to be read. Sometimes it is being alone and injured on the side of the road. Sometimes, it is a harvest that needs to be brought in. All of these deeds were small, easily dismissed as ordinary and therefore unworthy of note—but each of these small deeds saved a life, in some ways they saved many lives. A good knight can go to war, slay dragons, fight bandits, attend tourney. A great knight eschews all these things to read a book, to help a wounded traveler, to pick up a scythe."
Judoc, frozen from shock, startled as the Consort suddenly looked straight at him and ordered, "Knight-hopeful Judoc, kneel before me."
Setting his wine hastily aside, Judoc rose and strode to the bottom of the steps, then knelt, head bowed low. "You were offered three tokens, Knight-hopeful," the Consort said. "You refused them all, for deeds you considered unworthy. Is this true?"
"Y-yes, Consort," Judoc said.
"One of those tokens was offered by the King himself, and still you refused it," the Consort continued. "The easiest thing for a knight to forget is humility. It is not for a knight to reward himself, after all, but to serve his lord and King faithfully and be rewarded by his service. But," he added, a smile in his voice, "he may and should accept those rewards bestowed upon him by others when they feel his service earns them. You do yourself, your lord, and your King an injustice by refusing the displays of their admiration."
Judoc looked up in surprise, "Consort–"
"In future, when your lord rewards you, accept it," the Consort admonished, smile widening. "You are not the one who decides if you have earned your spurs. For proving yourself to be not just a good knight, but a great one, you are also made welcome into the Order of the Star."
Judoc opened his mouth, but no words came out. Rare was the knight admitted to that order—they numbered not even a hundred, and nearly all of them were older, more experienced knights. He had never heard of a knight with new spurs being bestowed the Star.
"Rise, Knight, and allow your lord to place your spurs," the Consort ordered, and stepped aside as Judoc rose.
All questions, all words—all thoughts fled Judoc’s mind as Lord Rozzen descended the dais, a set of jeweled spurs in his hand. He knelt before Judoc and removed his plain spurs, replacing them with the new. Standing again, he smiled and said quietly, "I hope you do not object to being my knight. You might have asked about my regard, instead of assuming you did not have it."
Judoc only nodded, still not able to speak.
Rozzen laughed, and kissed each of his cheeks, then his mouth—lingering a beat too long for it to be counted as entirely chaste. Then he stepped back, and swept his new knight a bow. The Consort stepped forward and bellowed, "All hail Sir Judoc, Knight of the Order of the Star."
Judoc barely noticed, eyes only for the way Rozzen smiled at him, the warm regard in his bright gold eyes.




Challenge of Quests


Once upon a time there was a prince. He was the youngest of six children and the only son. He was a good prince, named Raven after a grandfather who had been cursed and spent much of his life as a bird. Prince Raven was a quiet, studious boy, good with a sword and steed, hardworking and earnest. He could often be found riding through the kingdom or hiding away in the library reading tome after tome. 
Raven had black hair and dark blue eyes, skin turned gold by the sun, his mother's smiling mouth and his father's bright laughter. He drew the gaze of all who saw him, but Prince Raven's eyes were only for the man at his side who protected him, assisted him, and did all that the prince asked of him. 
John had first been appointed Raven's play companion, for the castle was full of princesses and maidens, but not many princess or lads of Raven's age. So they grew up alongside one another, the prince and his companion, the best of friends. 
As they came of age, John was reminded that he was but a companion, not even the barest of nobles, merely the distant nephew of a dusty minor baron. Raven was a prince, everyone reminded him, and John would do best to remember his place. 
So John remembered his place, said farewell to Raven to join the army and become a soldier, perhaps make himself something more than the distant nephew of a dusty minor baron. So he went to war and was gone many years. He returned home sadder, quieter, with many honors and badges that did not make up for all he had lost. Upon his return, he was surprised to learn that he had become, in his absence, a dusty minor baron upon the death of his uncle.
He also saw Raven, who had grown into a fine prince, grander and greater than the youth he had been when John left to become a soldier. Raven and warmly welcomed his friend back, and despite what everyone said he saw to it that John was at his side always, and the two men became friends again.
John protected Raven, assisted him, did all that Raven asked—except love him, no matter how often Raven declared himself, no matter what he said or asked, ordered or begged. Because Raven was a prince, and John was a worn soldier and a dusty baron and was not allowed to love a prince. 
Raven eventually ceased with his declarations and pleas, and they lapsed back into a friendship that was mostly what it had been before.
Then, one day, Raven announced that it was well past time he married …


"Quests?" John asked, suddenly tempted to throw himself off the cliff. He might have done it, if it didn't sound so hopelessly melodramatic that the court would thrive on it and gossip for months. "You're going to demand those nitwits go on quests? What have I told you about your impulses when you're bored?"
"I'm not bored. I'm thirty-one and lonely. That aside, I am a prince and it's long past time I married. My sisters are all settled, and Isabella was correct to point out that I should be as well."
John flinched, grateful Raven was not looking at him. He looked at Raven from the corner of his eye, longing washing over him, leaving a familiar ache. What he would not give to be the one to assuage Raven's loneliness. He tried, gods knew he tried to be all that he could, but he was only barely allowed to be Raven's bodyguard, and that only because no one would particularly care if he died someday protecting Raven.
Except Raven, and there was comfort in that. Raven would care if he died.
Hurt twisted sharp in his chest when he realized that, if Raven had decided to get married so soon after … well, clearly if he was over it so soon, then he had never really meant anything he had said. All to the good, John reminded himself fiercely. Raven shouldn't love him, and it was for the best that he had realized he didn't and was moving on to find someone else.
John balled his hands into fists, feeling the pull and ache from old burn scars and the place where a dragon had cost him a finger. The same dragon had shredded his back, and he'd spent six months recuperating. Not long after getting back on his feet, he'd been put right back out by a horde of blood faeries. 
He did not miss those days, and he hated them all the more because he had at least been moderately handsome when he'd left. Since returning, his ruined looks were just one more thing for the court to disparage.
John drew in a breath, drew in all the hurt and pain, then let it all out slowly. He had lived through worse; he could survive one stupid marriage. "Why a Challenge of Quests, Highness? Surely there are easier ways to pick a spouse."
"I don't want just anyone, isn't that the point of these things?" Raven replied. "I know what all these people are capable of confined to court. I want to see what else they can do. But that's where I need your help." He spun around from where he had been staring out at the ocean, long, dark hair flying in his face before he impatiently shoved it back.
John stared blankly. "My help? What do you want me to do?"
Raven went over to his horse and rifled in one of the saddlebags a moment before coming out with a black, leather-bound book with silver and gold embossed letters that read The Book of Questing. John wondered just how irate Raven would be if he pitched it over the cliff. Flipping the book open, Raven paged idly through it. "No one has called a Challenge of Quests in at least eighty years, so the manual has not been kept up. I'm not even certain which, if any, of these Quests are still viable. Like this one, about the Lake of the Lady's Tears—the castle isn't there anymore, so there's no point in travelling to it to retrieve 'a gold sovereign of the lost king'. All of that is still moldering in our treasury."
"So you need to come up with new quests?" John asked, more confused than ever.
"No, it would take years to design new quests, get them verified, so on and so forth. Questing is not merely go here and fetch that, whatever people like to say. No, I need you to help me see which of these are still usable. I thought we could pick a few that seemed promising, you could go on them to ensure they still worked, and then I would know which challenges to issue. There is also the fact that, as you would have done them, you'd know all the ways someone might cheat."
John rubbed at his temples. "You want me to do trial runs of your quests? That is the most absurd—"
"Please?" Raven asked in that soft, quiet tone that John loved and hated. He wanted to hear that soft voice whispering to him in the dark as they lay together in a tangle of limbs, warm and sated, smelling of sex—
And, he reminded himself sharply, it would never happen. Raven clearly hadn't meant it when he'd said he was in love with John. Even if he had, no one would have permitted the union. 
He looked into Raven's face and, as always, was undone by the combination of that soft tone and the unhappiness in Raven's eyes. He would do anything, up to and including die, to see Raven happy. If it was breaking his heart into pieces to help Raven find someone to love, well, that was his burden to bear. "Fine," he said with a long sigh. "Let's figure out what quests to try and get this over with."
Raven grinned at him, eyes bright with triumph and mischief. John ached to pull him close, taste his lips, hold him tightly and pretend for just a little while that Raven was his. John smiled back, but it hurt. Only a few weeks ago Raven had declared his love for the five hundredth time. 
Gods above, what a disaster it would have been if John had allowed them both to believe that was true. But he hadn't thought Raven would change his mind so quickly.
He reached out and snatched the book away, desperate to escape his torturous thoughts. "This one is no good. Neither is this one. That forest isn't even there anymore. Are we certain this book was updated eighty years ago? Did they just make up the bits they didn't know?"
Raven laughed and took the book back, motioning John to follow as he led them away from the cliffs and off to a copse of trees where they could sit, eat lunch, and discuss questing.

*~*~*

It took John three months to finish the first quest they decided upon, but given the book dictated the quester be given four months, he was feeling rather proud. He dared some smarmy, spoiled noble to do better. They wouldn't be allowed to haul along servants and soldiers to do all the work for them; no, they would have to do it as John had done it:  with horse, sword, and whatever food and supplies he could carry alone.
"Marvelous," Raven said after they had finished eating and discussing every nuance of the quest. "I knew sending you along was a fine idea. So you don't think this will be an easy quest for cheating?"
John shook his head, shoved back his overlong, muddy-brown hair and wished he could crawl back into bed. He'd slept for half a day straight after returning, then bathed and cleaned up and gone back to bed for another few hours. Despite all the rest he still wanted to crawl back into bed.
He could see from the gleam in Raven's eye, however, that he would scarcely finish his meal before they began work upon the next quest. "So did anything of note happen while I was gone?"
"Does anything of note ever happen?" Raven asked. "Isabella is determined to go down in history as 'Queen Isabella the Terrifying' except her kingdom is so well-behaved, she's going to be remembered as "Queen Isabella the Sulky'. I believe Lord Rare went about naked somewhere, but I could never determine if it was the Swan Fountain, the Sky Gardens, or the Wine Cottage. Gossips are never very clear on the particulars."
John rolled his eyes and finished eating his soup, pushing it away with a yawn. He stretched in his seat, arms reaching up and back, and groaned as he relaxed again. "So what am I doing next for you, Highness?" His brow furrowed in confusion at the way Raven just stared at him. "Highness?"
Raven jerked, seemed to recover himself, and shook his head. "Uh—right, then. I was thinking one of these three?" He held the book out, and John reluctantly took it, resisting an urge to pitch it across the room and stomp off back to bed. He wished he could figure out a way to make all the quests unfit, but he did not want to know what mad idea Raven would come up with then—and he wanted Raven happy, even if it was killing him inside that Raven wasn't ever going to be happy with him.
"Not this first one," John said after reading through them. "This area is too dangerous. The second and third options have potential. Did you want me to head out now, or is tomorrow soon enough?"
Raven flapped a hand at him, rolling his eyes and smiling. "There's no time limit, ninny. We're testing these out, and we can do that at our leisure—your leisure, really."
John barely bit back the words 'then how about never', saying instead, "End of the week, then. I should have plenty of time to prepare. At least it's not a dragon. I really hate dragons." His back and missing finger ached with memory, but he ignored them and picked up his tea, draining the cup. 
"You should have said," Raven said, frowning at him. "You could have gone with a different one—"
"The quests need to be good ones!" John snapped. "The other options are too easy. No one should have an easy time of it." He pushed his chair away from the table and stood up, no longer tired. He might have to surrender Raven to another, but he would be damned if he surrendered him without a fight. If he had to work his way through the most brutal quests in that damned book, then he would because the harder they were for him, the more impossible they would be for everyone else. "I changed my mind," he said over his shoulder as he stomped off. "I'm leaving tonight."
"John—"
Whatever Raven had started to say, John didn't hear it, cutting the words off by closing the door behind him.

*~*~*

"We're not doing this anymore," Raven said, mouth tight, face pale. John had never seen Raven's skin so pale—it was practically white, it was so leeched of color. "Quests are supposed to be difficult, not dangerous."
John snorted and would have laughed at him in fond amusement if the surgeon had not picked that moment to resume stitching his arm up. He didn't see what had been wrong with just redoing the bandages, but he also knew that arguing with an angry surgeon was the epitome of stupid. "Difficult and dangerous go hand in hand as often as not; it was nothing I could not handle. I made it back in one piece—"
"Barely!" Raven snapped.
Shrugging, John thanked the surgeon as he finished tending his arm. He tugged on the clean shirt a servant had brought him at Raven's command. "You're overreacting. It's just a scratch, albeit a deep one. I can still use the arm, and in a couple of weeks, it will be as good as new. One more ugly scar will not even be noticed." Not that anyone would see it, anyway, since he did not anticipate anyone asking him to remove his shirt—
He broke that thought off right where it was, not in the mood to depress himself. He was tired, sore, and had just wanted to be home. Technically, he was, but home for him had involved a great deal more of Raven smiling at him and being happy to see him, and not flailing about like an angry fishwife. Rounding sharply, he hissed in pain when Raven crashed into him, swearing as he reflexively reached out to catch him and pulled on his arm.
Raven grabbed his hand and lowered his arm, scowling. "Stop trying to make it worse, you lack-brain." 
"Lack-brain yourself!" John snapped. "You're the one who wanted this done, and you said you trusted me to help, so bloody trust me! I'm not a simpering noble; I know how to handle it."
"Yes, I can see that from the wounded arm and the bloodied clothes and that scratch on your face the bloody surgeon forgot to treat."
John reached up to touch the scratch; he'd felt the sting, but had mostly ignored it as trivial. All of a sudden he wondered just how much worse—
Oh, it didn't matter. He turned sharply back around and resumed walking down the hall to his rooms. If he could not have Raven happy to see him because he was too busy acting like a nitwit over a stupid scratch, then he was going to bed. The next quest could wait until he was rested enough to deal with it, and after that he would finally be free to go throw himself off a cliff.
A hand grabbed his good arm, and John swore as he was yanked back. "Would you hold still, you stubborn bastard?"
"I'm a stubborn bastard?" John demanded.
"Yes!" Raven bellowed, startling the small handful of servants working in the long, wide hallway. They all fled, leaving the two of them alone. "You are the single most stubborn bastard I have ever known! From insisting on always taking the punishment when we were children, to flouncing off to the Army, to—to everything! You never listen to anyone and always just do what you want! You would rather get yourself killed than listen to anyone else for five minutes!'
John balled his hands in to fists to resist an urge to punch him—bodyguard or not, if he punched Raven, he was going to a noose, or worse, back into the army and shipped overseas. "All I've ever done is listen to others! I listened to my parents when they said I must go and be the whipping boy of the king's only son! I listened to my uncle and everyone else when they said I should cease to be around you. I listened to the captain who cost me a finger and nearly my life. I listened to the general who told me to burn down a village. I listened when they kicked me out and sent me home! Now I'm doing your bloody quests because I listen to you! So shove off." Spinning on his heel yet again, he stormed off, no longer interested in going to bed. One more quest and the whole damn mess was finished.
"John—"
"Leave me alone," he snarled, ignoring Raven because if he looked and Raven gave him that wounded look or used that soft tone of voice then John would be undone. That was the damnable part of growing up with someone:  Raven knew all his weak points. 
Finding the book amongst the mess of books and papers on Raven's work table, he opened it up to one of the marked pages and picked out the first quest he found that was doable. Throwing the book back on the table, he shoved past Raven and stormed off to gather supplies.
He had a griffon to slay, and those were never easy.

*~*~*

John all but fell off his horse as he reached the stable and gave the stable hand who came rushing out a tired smile in thanks. "See someone takes the bags to my room, would you?"
"Of course, milord."
Snorting at the ridiculousness of anyone calling him 'milord' because he was only a token sort of baron out of pity, really, John began to limp to the palace proper. Hopefully, he could make it to the surgeons' hall before Raven was told he had returned. He was not in the mood to be screamed at right then.
But the griffon pelt was in his saddlebag, and that was three quests completed, and he dared any noble to do better than him. 
"John!"
"Damn it," John muttered, but was helpless to escape as Raven came bolting for him. Gods have mercy, he looked more beautiful than ever. It had taken John two and a half months to find and kill the griffon, much to his dismay. He had spent nearly six months straight going on quests, had barely seen Raven in all that time, and the last time they'd been angry—
Seeing him then was both balm and beating. Raven was dressed in court finery that brought out the blue in his midnight hair and lightened his eyes just the slightest bit. To judge from the flush to his cheeks, he had either been riding very recently or had been yelling at someone.
Why, John thought miserably, could he have not been born good enough? But it was stupid to keep wishing for it because it would never be. He had proven the quests were good, had proven they could be done, and now men and women would step forward to complete them and one of them would succeed and wed his prince. "Greetings, Highness," he said, voice still a bit hoarse from the smoke he'd used to flush out the griffon. He probably looked a fright, even though he'd made some effort to clean up before he returned home.
Raven scowled at him. "You are determined to get yourself killed, I vow."
John drew himself up, refusing to be hurt, and said stiffly, "I have completed your quests, Highness, as you requested. You may call for your questers. May the best—"
"Shut up," Raven said and grabbed his wrist, then turned and dragged him along. John cried out in pain and stumbled, falling to the floor and taking Raven with him. Raven looked at him, horrified and immediately contrite. "I'm sorry! I didn't know—"
"It's fine," John said, face hot with humiliation. "I'll just—"
Raven slapped a hand over his mouth. "Shut up. You're not going anywhere. We have a meeting with Isabella."
John scowled at him then yanked his hand away. "How can I have a meeting with her Majesty? Even I did not know I would return today until the snow held off long enough to permit it. How can I have a meeting with her?"
"We just do," Raven said and stood up, then tugged John to his feet. "I'm sorry," he said quietly. "How is your leg?"
Shrugging, John said, "It'll be fine once I've rested for a bit. Let's go meet with her Majesty, then." He limped along, head up, striving to ignore the stares he drew. 
In the queen's private salon, Isabella reclined on her sofa as though it were her throne in the formal hall. She beckoned them close with her fan and lifted her head so that Raven might kiss her cheek. "Brother, I hope you have good reason for delaying my midday meeting with the Duke."
John frowned, confused. Hadn't Raven said they had a meeting?
"Of course," Raven said before John could ask what was going on. "As you can see, Lord Farthing has returned from the last of his quests. He has completed all three successfully, Majesty. He is of noble blood. He is also distinguished in the army. He meets every requirement."
Isabella laughed, and John's frown deepened. "But I—" Before he could finish the explanation, Isabella looked at him, and John fell silent.
"Is it true, Baron? That you have completed all three quests?"
"Yes, but I wasn't questing, I was testing—"
"Yes or no."
John stared at her, utterly lost. "Yes, I did complete them, but—"
"Yes is yes," Isabella said and smiled warmly at him, the sort of smile she normally only gave to her children and siblings. "By Right of Quest, Lord John Farthing, Baron of Reading, I grant you permission to marry Prince Raven. We will formally announce the engagement tonight at dinner. Do try to stay out of trouble, both of you, from here on out." She rose and kissed each of them on the cheek, then briskly departed the salon with her handmaidens around her, giggling madly behind their sleeves.
"What just happened?" John asked, looking at Raven.
Raven's mouth twisted in a fond smile. "As I said to you months ago, lack-brain, you are the most stubborn man I know. You would not believe me when I said I loved you—you would not listen to me at all about it! The only way to get you to marry me was to make you feel you were worthy, even though you've always been bloody worthy. The only way to make you realize it was to make you do something to prove your worth. But if I had called for a Challenge of Quest and tried to persuade you to do it, you would have refused. So I tricked you, and it worked."
At first, John couldn't do more than keep staring. "This—these past six months were about tricking me?"
"Yes," Raven said, looking smug and not at all sorry. "Of course, none of it would have been necessary if you had just agreed to marry me in the first place."
"I can't marry you," John said, still refusing to let his hopes rise. "Look at me—"
Raven closed the space between them and curled them around his shoulders, leaving John had no choice, but to look up. "All I do is look at you—I look at you holding back, I look at you avoiding me, I look at you bowing to what others say when my words are the only ones that should matter. I look at you pretending not to care when I know you do. I look at you all the time, John. I never stop. All I want is to be able to look at you all day, every day, and not ever again be forced to watch as you walk away."
John swallowed. "You really are a spoiled little brat, to be slacking on your duties in favor of looking at an ugly old soldier all day, lack-brain."
"Shut up," Raven said with a smile and let go of his shoulders to wrap one hand around the back of John's neck, drawing him up and in for a kiss. John whimpered and held fast, certain he must be dreaming, but the heat and scent and feel of Raven were too real to be a dream, as were the arms that slid around him, the soft hair beneath his fingers. "Do you love me, John?"
"You know I do," John finally admitted. "Everything I do is for you."
Raven smiled, the happiest John had ever seen him, and pulled him in to another kiss.




The Shining Knight


Once upon a time there was a kingdom. Within this kingdom resided a grand and glorious knight. From the time he was but a child, he had longed only to be a knight.
His father, a stern but loving man, saw the light in his son’s eyes, and vowed to see him made a knight.
And so the boy grew, and worked hard, training in all that men must know in order to be true knights.
He became a great horseman with a fine and loyal steed he saved from a stable fire.
He became a great warrior, and wielded a blade gifted to him by a prince he rescued from terrible bandits.
He became educated, and was given countless books and scrolls by the lords and ladies he rescued.
He was called noble, honorable, brave, strong, great—over time, all took to calling him the Shining Knight
He went on quests whenever he was called forth to do so, taking time only to bid his father farewell and replenish his healing herbs. He spent his days slaying dragons, retrieving lost treasure, rescuing damsels, and other feats of daring.
He was lavished with rewards, praised endlessly, and loved truly being a knight.
Then, one day, the Shining Knight returned home to find his father dead. The Shining Knight wept, and sought for someone to comfort and console him.
But no matter where he looked, no matter whom he sought, no one would save him from his grief.
So he buried himself once more in questing, returning home only when his healing herbs needed to be replenished.
Until one day, he returned home, and saw that disaster had struck the home he had known his entire life, and nothing remained of it but embers. The fire, the villagers said, had come too fast, too sudden, for the house to be saved.
The Shining Knight turned to all he knew, seeking help, but though he was given a fine and handsome house, no would help him make of it a home.
So once more the Shining Knight replenished his healing herbs and threw himself into questing, taking up those quests they said only a fool would accept. He fought demons, necromancers, sirens, vampires. He fought the dark until he could fight no more, and at last was forced to return home.
He returned to his village, eager to rest, happy to be amongst friendly faces—only to realize that they all held back, regarded him with awe, with fear, with worship, and some even with terror. He tried to remind them he was theirs, the boy they had watched grow up in that little village, but they drew back and would not see him as other than the Shining Knight.
And so he sought elsewhere, with the lords and ladies, the princes and princesses, all the people he had saved.
But none would save him from his loneliness, none would rescue the Shining Knight.
Broken-hearted, the Shining Knight returned again to his village. He packed up the few possessions he still owned which mattered to him, then left the village, determined never to return, vowing to quest until he found someone who saw him not as the Shining Knight, but as a man.
Well outside the village, in a remote clearing in the woods, he stopped at the home of the witch who made his herbs, to replenish them one last time.


"Where are we off to this time?" Leith asked curtly. "Surely your damn quest can wait until morning." He opened the door and let Forlen inside.
"I am sorry to disturb you," Forlen said. Normally he could take Leith’s grousing, was even amused by it, but right then it was all he could do to force a patience he did not feel.
Leith was grouchy, could even be downright mean when he wanted, but Forlen had traveled the world and never found a witch who could equal Leith’s skills. More times than he could count, Leith’s healing herbs had saved his life.
And even if hostility wasn’t what he sought, either, Leith’s utter lack of respect for everything had always been a nice change from the awe with which everyone else regarded him. He would miss Leith and his crabbiness.
Mustering a smile, Forlen said, "Look on the bright side, Leith. After tonight, you will never me again."
Leith dropped the porcelain bowl he had been carrying, sending blue and white porcelain pieces scattering across the floor. He whipped around, braid flying in his face, and glared. "What do you mean, never again? Are you finally going to let a dragon have you for a snack? Because it would probably just spit you right back out again."
Forlen replied, "I’m leaving. I’m done here."
"Done," Leith repeated flatly. "What’s got you all whiney and mopey this time?"
Forlen scowled. "It doesn’t matter."
Leith scoffed at this reply. "Poor Shiny Knight, his ideals given yet another blow. What has broken the pretty colored-glass image through which you see the world, now? Catch a lady with a stable boy? Catch a lord with a horse? Catch a horse—"
"That’s enough!" Forlen snarled. "I am tired of it, Leith! Tired of all of it! Everyone is so busy being in awe of me—"
He bit the words off, knowing it was a waste of time with Leith. Everyone else might revere him, but Leith had always simply mocked him. He found it refreshing sometimes, yes, but not when all he wanted was for someone to welcome him home, to want him. He had worshippers and enemies in numbers greater than he could count. He had not real friends, and no lover.
"What does it matter to you?" he asked wearily, when the silence stretched on, too worn out to guard his words as he might have otherwise. "One would think, after all your complaining, that you would be glad to be rid of me."
Leith said nothing, only turned away and began to grab and slam and band and stomp and swear as he began to assemble the special collection of tinctures, ointments, oils, creams, and other items that were the healing herbs he made for Forlen.
Forlen sighed, and slumped in a seat by the fireplace. He really should have just gone to bed, and left in the morning, but he had been afraid he would talk himself out of it.
Restless, but knowing better than to interrupt Leith and break his concentration, he cast his eyes idly about the cabin. It was nearly as familiar to him as his own home had been, for he visited whenever he was in the village. As always, it was beyond neat. Leith gave new meaning to the word fastidious. Usually when Forlen came upon witches, their homes were barely contained chaos. Leith’s home was always neat, clean, and smelled of the pungent herbs he used in his workings.
Forlen shifted his gaze to Leith, whose back was still turned as he beat up the contents of his work table. Even turned away, half in shadow, Leith was beautiful. His hair was a mottled mess of colors—some strange combination of blonde and brown and red, like a stray cat. He was slender, almost skinny, as though he never quite ate enough. When he could actually be tricked into smiling, his handsome face was pretty, all the hard lines smoothed away. His eyes were like his hair, a mish mash of colors that never completely blended together. He always smelled of herbs and the forest.
Currently, he wore black breeches and stockings, and silver-buckled shoes, a white shirt with a gray waistcoat, over which he had thrown a heavy apron. His hair was braided back as usual; Forlen had only ever seen it down once in all the years they had known each other.
He froze, surprised, as Leith abruptly whipped around. "So where are you going?"
"I—I don’t know," Forlen replied, startled. "Does it matter? As long as it's not here, I don't care."
"Little village too grand for you, finally?"
Forlen stiffened, anger finally sparking. "You know that’s not it."
"Then why?" Leith demanded. "Why would you leave forever, if not for all the bits and bobbles and shiny things they give—"
"Because there’s nothing here for me!" Forlen bellowed, losing his temper in a way he had never allowed himself before. "Just a house that’s not a home, and people who either worship me or fear me or hate me! There is nothing here to make me want to say!"
"Fie on you then!" Leith snarled, and turned sharply, then whipped back around to throw damn near everything on his work table at Forlen. "Fie on you, and I hope a dragon does eat you!" He stormed out, and Forlen heard the back door open and slam shut hard enough to rattle the house.
He stood, angry and confused, in Leith’s front room.
Why did Leith care if he was leaving? Leith who was always snappish, always rude, always mocking. Leith couldn’t stand him, as far as Forlen could tell.
He had never understood why, as much as Leith disliked him, he kept making up the healing herbs. Every couple of months, Forlen returned for them, and Leith groused and bit and complained, but he always made them.
Everyone else had changed over the years, but Forlen could always count on two things never to change—Leith’s healing herbs, and Leith’s temper.
Frowning deeply, needing suddenly to know why Leith was so much worse than usual, Forlen strode through the house and out the back door.
He drew up short as he saw Leith sitting on a tree stump, in front of the little pond behind his house, bathed in the soft glow of witch lights.
Forlen had never seen Leith dejected. Irritable, cranky, sour, hostile, angry, moody, and on three rare occasions almost happy—but never dejected.
He approached slowly, more than half expecting something to come flying at his head. But he reached Leith unassaulted, which only added to his confusion. "Leith …"
"Still here?" Leith asked, obviously trying for his usual acerbic tone, but falling far short of the mark. "Go away, you stupid, imbecilic knight."
"No," Forlen said, and reached out cautiously to touch Leith’s shoulder. Leith jerked away, surged to his feet, made to storm off, but Forlen caught him up, held fast, even when Leith began to thrash and swing wildly. "Leith!" He bellowed, surprised when that worked, and Leith went still in his arms. "What’s wrong?"
"What—what’s wrong? There’s nothing here, that’s what’s wrong! I actually thought—I can’t—I thought there must be another reason you always came back. After all, the bright and marvelous Shiny Knight could get better herbs elsewhere. So there must be another reason you always came back to get them from me."
Forlen went still in surprise, but before he could speak, Leith plunged on, "I learned witchcraft while you trained! I learned herbs bandaging you up! I made the tea that eased your father’s pain while he was sick! I fixed your stupid burns when you tried to dig through the remains of your house. I’m always here. I always make your herbs! And I thought—but obviously I’m the stupid one."
Stunned, Forlen could not think of a single thing to say. But words had never been his strong suit. He went with action instead, and some did something he had pondered once or twice, when he was too far away for Leith to glean the nature of his thoughts and murder him for them.
He had not expected Leith to taste so sweet. As sharp and bitter as he could often be, Forlen had expected some of that to flavor Leith’s kiss—but he only tasted sweet, with none of the bite—
Forlen grunted in pain as Leith bit his lip. He drew back, half-surprised there was no blood.
"I don’t recall giving stupid, thick-headed lummoxes who are going to leave forever permission to kiss me," Leith said—but Forlen could hear the barest amount of thawing in his icy tone.
He smiled faintly and said, "What if said lummox wasn’t leaving after all, and was extremely sorry for being so blind and stupid, and even more sorry he had always resisted the urge to try kissing you?"
Leith just frowned at him.
"Why didn’t you ever say anything, Leith?"
"You’re an idiot," Leith snapped. "I’m the bastard whelp of a woman who went crazy from smoking herbs she shouldn’t have been smoking, and drowned herself in a horse’s trough. You’re the Shiny Knight Who Shines Brighter Than A Thousand Golden—mmph—"
Forlen chuckled into the kiss, as Leith thumped his shoulders hard, not giving Leith a chance to bite him again, just kissing hard and deep and sure—
Until Leith softly moaned, going suddenly, surprisingly pliant in his arms. Why had he never seen, never tried… Forcing himself to draw back, Forlen stared into eyes that seemed to be six different colors at once, and burned with things he never expected to see from Leith. "I’m sorry."
"Just shut up," Leith said. "You’re an idiot, there’s no help for it, we may as well accept it."
"So you often tell me," Forlen replied, mouth quirking. "But you’re no better. Being crabby and hostile is no way to say you don’t hate me."
Leith rolled his eyes. "I thought—you always came back—I figured you must know I was just—awkward. You hate the way everyone else is nice to you, so I thought it was better if I wasn’t—" He broke off, scowling.
Forlen smiled. "So we’re both awkward idiots. I’m sorry I caused you to make a mess of your house."
"Forget it," Leith said. "You can help me clean it up." He started to say something else, but instead only snapped his mouth shut.
But Forlen was already learning what that precise scowl meant, that particular tilt of his head. More than happy to obey, he bent and gave Leith another kiss.
When he finally drew back, it was just far enough for him to speak, murmuring the words against Leith’s mouth. "I’m sorry it took me so long to come home."
"Whatever. Welcome home," Leith muttered in reply, and tugged him just enough to resume the kissing.




The Prince's Champion


Roe wiped sweat and grime from his brow, and tried to ignore the looks he was getting, tried to stand cool and nonchalant and like he didn’t care he had just made a fucking fool of himself because he was smitten like a youth at his first ball.
He had done what Prince Isaac had asked, and lost every single tourney challenge. Not that he would have won a single one anyway; he was a knight only as a matter of formality because he needed to be a knight t to get into the Academy. That he had been at the tournament at all was pure chance—he and his stepfather had attended to make nice with the Academy Lords during the Royal Tourney.
It had never occurred to him he might actually meet Prince Isaac, whom he had seen and watched any number of times, but never really spoken to. Admire from afar, that was his lot. But then Prince Isaac had crashed into him looking and acting like a thundercloud, angry about the lavish Tourney his father was throwing for no reason other than to show up his neighbors.


"A waste of money, and I’ll not be party to such immaturity," Prince Isaac bit out. "I’ve half a mind to make a fool of him throughout the whole damn thing. But how?" He smiled sheepishly. "I am sorry, Sir Roe was it not? You should not be forced to listen to the crown prince complain about his father."
"My own father was much the same," Roe replied. "He spent my fortune in similar fashion; my stepfather has graciously folded me into his family. I remember one year, to scold my father, my mother acted the perfect fool at a banquet he put on only by selling off most of her jewels. He was furious with her, and beat her for it, but he stopped selling her jewels."
Prince Isaac laughed. "Acted like a fool, eh? If only! Though, that is an idea—select a fool for my champion. He will murder me if I am represented in the field by a man who loses every challenge. But where to find someone willing to do such a thing?"


Roe wondered morosely why anyone thought him fit to be a scholar.
Prince Isaac had promised an irresistible reward, however:  anything that was in his power to give. There was plenty that Roe should ask for, but only one thing he truly wanted, even if thinking about it scared him to death.
So he waited patiently by Prince Isaac’s tent, anticipation and dread warring in his gut.
Finally, though, he saw Prince Isaac walking toward him. He just wished his heart had not chosen that moment to leap up into his throat.
Prince Isaac stopped in front of him, and smiled ruefully. "I wondered if you had retreated here. Never have I seen so splendid a performance, my fine new friend. I do fully admit I would not have the fortitude to purposely lose, never mind for three days straight. I should and will reward you twice over, so name your prizes, Sir Roe."
Roe drew a deep breath, then forced the words out before he could lose his nerve. "A kiss, Highness. That is all I desire."
"That—what?" Prince Isaac stared at him, clearly taken completely by surprise.
"You said whatever was in your power to give," Roe said, disappointment a crushing weight. "But—" He broke off as Prince Isaac cupped his chin, tugged him close, and something too much like comprehension filled his face.
"I must be as spoiled as my father, to be so wrapped up in my own tantrums that I missed something so precious …" Prince Isaac released Roe’s chin to cup the back of his head and draw him closer still.
A real kiss from Prince Isaac was far better than even Roe’s best imaginings, and he simply was not capable of behaving the way he had told himself he would, tightly gripping Prince Isaac’s sleeves and kissing back with everything he had, determined to engrave a memory that would last him a life time.
He could not help but whimper when Prince Isaac drew away, but made himself withdraw—only to find himself firmly dragged along into Prince Isaac’s tent. "Have a bath drawn for Sir Roe," Isaac said to his waiting servant. "Also see we are not disturbed the rest of the night; I will speak with my father in the morning."
When they were alone, Roe looked at him and said, "Highness, I don’t understand…"
Prince Isaac smiled, and bent to brush a soft kiss across his mouth. It made Roe shiver, somehow striking deeper than their more heated kiss a moment ago. "You spent three days subjecting yourself to injury and humiliation all because a brat prince asked it of you, and in return you wanted only a kiss. Even I am smart enough to know I should hold fast, and never let you go." He reached up and brushed his knuckles lightly across Roe’s cheek. "No man could ask for a better champion than thee, Sir Roe, and I can only humbly ask that you remain by my side."
"Until you’ve no further need of me, Highness," Roe replied, half-afraid he would wake at any moment.
"I think you are what I have needed all along," Prince Isaac murmured, and bent to kiss him again.




The King's Challenges


"I’m a born citizen of this country. My family has been here since the country’s inception. Their shop has been in the family for six generations, and I recently submitted my application and took the entrance exams for the Royal Academy. I am fully within my rights—"
"To sod off, like the rest of the riff raff," the clerk cut in, causing other clerks and soldiers and guests clustered around the registration tables to snicker and laugh.
Cowan flushed, but refused to back down. "I am fully within the rights of the law, which says every citizen—"
"Every citizen doesn’t mean riff raff too poor and stupid even to have the sense to wear a proper cloak in the cold," the clerk retorted, stroking the soft rabbit trim on his own costly cloak. "Do you honestly think the King would be impressed by any piddling answer you could give to his challenges?"
"You know so well what the King thinks, do you?" A voice demanded, making everyone jump, whip around, and go pale. The clerk who had been troubling Cowan stammered incoherently.
Cowan flushed still darker—the stranger was more than a little handsome, and he had never felt so painfully his own ragged state. Though he had done his best to clean and comb out his blonde hair, fix up his plain, homemade breeches, undergarments, and winter-weight tunic, he was no noble. He hoped it was not obvious he was destitute and homeless.
The stranger had black hair, cut fashionably short, and green, green eyes, the like of which Cowan had never seen—but they matched perfectly the small emerald stud in the man’s right ear. His own eyes were the color of mud, and he had never felt it so keenly. Cowan met his gaze briefly, before dropping his own eyes, but he’d had for a moment a fleeting impression of sadness, behind the more blatant anger. But that must be a flight of fancy; how would he notice such a thing in a complete stranger?
He was dressed simply, but elegantly, in a gray and green tunic with black leggings and undercoat, and a handsome black cloak lined and trimmed in ermine. It looked so warm that Cowan ached, more acutely aware of the cold than ever.
"—am sorry, Majesty."
Cowan jerked as the clerk’s words penetrated. This—this was the King? He’d known the King was young; everyone talked about how he had taken the throne at only twenty five, three years ago. He’d never heard of how handsome and striking and—distracting his Majesty could be.
Realizing his mind was wandering again, Cowan tried to stop staring at the King and pay attention.
The King glanced his way and smiled warmly, and Cowan panicked, nodding and trying to smile and thanking and bowing all at once, only succeeding in barely keeping himself from tumbling over. He flinched as a few people laughed at him, little comforted when glares from the King silenced them.
"It is my understanding," the King said, "that the King’s Challenges may be met by every citizen of this country. Everyone may try, regardless of station. That is the law, unless I have always misunderstood the meaning of the phrase ‘every citizen’. Only the King may turn away a challenger. Are you King, clerk?"
"No, Sire. I was only—"
"Then what gives you the right, any of you, to turn him away? How does he fail to meet the requirement of ‘every citizen’ when he has stated clearly, and I see has the papers to prove it, that he is a citizen of my kingdom."
His question was met only with silence.
"Precisely," the King said, looking at each person until their gazes dropped to the ground and remained there. He turned to Cowan, who only barely kept his head up, still feeling the sting of humiliation—but even that faded away completely beneath the warmth in the jewel-bright eyes. "What is your name?" the King asked.
"Uh—Cowan, si—your Majesty. Cowan Medaughs."
"A pleasure to meet you, Cowan Medaughs. I welcome you to my challenges. Have you put your name on the registry?"
"No, your Majesty. They wouldn’t—that is—I have not, Majesty."
The King’s smile widened. "Then, by all means."
Looking much like he had eaten something sour, and blamed Cowan for it, the clerk slid the registry parchment across the table, along with ink and quill.
Taking up the quill, ignoring the eyes upon him—able to feel the King’s anyway—Cowan signed his name at the bottom of the registry. His hand was not quite as flowing and elegant as the more refined hands which had signed, but it was respectable. He ignored the murmurs of surprise when people realized he had written in court script, rather than the common script they had expected.
He glanced slowly up, feeling unusually shy. "Thank you, your Majesty."
The King only smiled again, and waved the words away. "I announce the first challenge in an hour. I look forward to seeing what you will provide in answer to it, three days hence. Good luck to you, Cowan Medaughs."
Then he turned and left, before Cowan could manage another thank you. Face hot, and not liking the hostile looks he was receiving, Cowan fled. He went down to the market, straight to the food stalls, and obtained bread and cheese to last him a couple of days. He looked longingly at meat pies and pasties, hot buns and pastries, soup and stew, but managed to resist. His money was dwindling fast, and it had to last as long as he could possibly make it, until he managed to find employment again.
Or managed to win some sort of prize in the King’s Challenges. Hah. What had he been thinking, really? Slipping away to a quiet alleyway, tucking away most of his bread and cheese and keeping out only a small portion to eat, Cowan turned his mad scheme over and over again in his mind. He might have scraped out an education, but he was hardly a noble—and nothing proved that more than the way they refused him entrance to the Academy unless he could pay an entrance fee he knew was thrice what it should be. If he could not even get accepted there, what chance did he have being capable of meeting the King’s Challenges?
But, he reminded himself, he had no choice. No job, no prospects, down to his last few coppers, and the Academy farther away than ever … he had nothing to lose and everything to gain by at least trying the Challenges.
The Autumn Market and Festival was the most anticipated of the year, and the main feature of it was the King’s Challenges. It was said the brightest and cleverest and bravest in the country came to meet the challenges. The prizes varied, but were given only at the King’s discretion, when he thought his challenge had been sufficiently met. Three Challenges, over the course of nine of the twelve days of the festival. Three days to each challenge, with a prize awarded each day, and a grand prize awarded at the end.
Legend had it that once upon a time a King had been so impressed, he had taken the winner as his Consort. More realistically, the prize was estate, or a position in the court, or simple wealth. Cowan would settle for whatever money or sellable item he could manage to obtain. Anything that would help him survive or, better still, provide enough to pay his entrance fee.
He shivered as the wind kicked up, reminding him all the more painfully that he no longer had his cloak. Footpads had attacked him two weeks ago, while he was running an errand to fetch a book for his employer. They’d taken his money, his pen knife, the book, and ruined his cloak in the process.
His employer, displeased to lose such an expensive book to Cowan’s careless behavior, had terminated him on the spot. Since then, Cowan had not been able to find new employment. He was increasingly afraid he would have to go crawling home—and more afraid they would turn him away.
Finished eating, he slipped back out into the crowd, and made his way quickly toward the Grand Pavilion. He could hear them reading off the list of challengers, and pushed his way through the crowd, ignoring looks and curses and elbow jabs, bursting through just as his name was called, tripping over someone’s foot and crashing to the stones.
The Herald paused to sneer at him, while everyone else laughed uproariously at him. Cowan flushed, but wiped a smear of mud from his face and stood with shoulders squared.
"Cowan Medaughs," the Herald drawled again, and rolled the parchment back up. "Challengers, face your King!"
The King stepped forward and gave a short speech, but Cowan barely heard it, too lost in staring. He was again struck with an air of sadness. No, that wasn’t quite right. It was something like that … but of course he should know it, he saw it every time he caught his reflection in a pane of glass or bit of shined up metal. Loneliness.
"My first challenge," the King suddenly called out, and Cowan startled to attention, "should you accept it, is only this: Bring me the sun. Good luck, challengers. We will meet again in three days' time."
Cowan stood watching as the King left the dais upon which he’d been standing, vanishing into a tent. Bring him the sun? The sun, the sun … 
Around him, people jostled and clamored and cursed, frustrated by the unusual challenge. Ignoring them, Cowan thought and thought. The sun, the sun, how in the world did one bring the King the sun?
He strolled absently through the city, barely noticing the markets, the people, until he was stopped short by a little flower girl who shoved a bouquet of wilted wild flowers into his face. "Blossom for a bit, sir?"
"That’s it!" Cowan cried, and gave her a copper just because, and turned sharply, racing out of the city. He would have to travel quickly, but if he could find one…

*~*~*

Cowan stood anxiously with his ‘sun’ in hand, feeling increasingly anxious and hopeless as the other challengers approached with their own variations of bringing the King the sun. Beautiful works of sculpture, painting, jewels, someone had brought a sundial. Worst of all, someone with the marks of a professor of the Academy had brought the King a beautiful book of legends and tales concerning the sun from around the world.
There was no possible way he could compete with that book, or the wealth and beauty of the other answers. What had he been thinking with his one stupid little thing? No doubt the tale to go with it was in the book, anyway.
He wilted where he stood, feeling sick with increasing dread the further down the list the Herald got, until it was finally his turn. Well, he was already considered a laughing stock. One more day of mockery would not kill him and afterward he would simply bow out. He should never have gotten involved to begin with.
It was hard to remember that as he stepped out to the cleared square in the center of the pavilion, and the King's eyes were already fixed upon him. Gods, it was so hard not to stare into those eyes. There was kindness there, and he suddenly found himself able to approach the King.
Someone laughed, and his momentary confidence immediately collapsed. He strode with head down to the throne, and extended the simple ‘sun’ he held—a bouquet of flowers with long, lush petals of a brilliant gold hue, just barely orange at the very center.
The laughter increased as everyone saw more clearly what he had presented.
"Goddess flowers?" a courtier said. "Honestly—" he shut up as the King shot him a look, and hastily slid back into the crowd and out of the King’s sight.
The King turned back to Cowan. "They are beautiful. I am genuinely curious, Master Medaughs. How are these flowers bringing me the sun?"
"Uh—" Cowan slowly looked up, and fought down the shivers that threatened due to the cold. "At the very beginning of our Kingdom, before it was a Kingdom, nomads traveled through the land. Exiled from their homeland, resigned to wandering, they thought this empty land a blessing from their own Goddess, the golden flowers filling the fields a sign from her. That is how we came to call them Goddess Flowers. However, in the native language of the nomads, no longer spoken save in very ancient texts and amongst scholars of that language, the words literally translate as ‘Sun Flower’ because they worshipped the Goddess of the Sun. These flowers were long believed to be her tears, fallen to the earth and turned to blossoms."
"Beautiful, and well done," the King said with approval, smiling warmly. He stood up and slowly approached, and Cowan wondered when his heart had begun to beat so quickly. Only a step or two away from Cowan, the King stopped. "Though I’ve many fine prizes to offer, I think I know one which would suit you and please you best. It, and all that might be in it, is yours for best meeting this day the Challenge of the Sun. You brought me the sun, so in reward I give you warmth." So saying, he removed his black, ermine-lined cloak and swung it around to settle on Cowan’s shoulders, pinning the emerald cloak pin in place.
Cowan stared in shock. "Majesty—"
"Your prize, and fairly won," the King said firmly. "Take it."
Cowan stared for a moment, then simply nodded. The cloak smelled of amber and orange, the sort of scent only a King could afford. "Thank you, Majesty."
The King smiled, and squeezed his shoulder, so close for a moment that Cowan thought his heart would burst from his chest and now he could smell the orange and amber on the King's skin—
He flushed dark and barely kept from scrambling back, mortified by his own thoughts.
The King returned to his chair, and Cowan retreated to his own place, taking several deep breaths in a futile attempt to calm himself.
"Challengers," the King announced. "Many strong efforts on this first challenge were made, and one prize awarded. Let us see how you fair on the second challenge:  Bring me the moon."
Cowan stole one last look before the King vanished, then fled as quickly as he could with the unfamiliar weight of a King’s cloak upon his shoulders. It was sinfully warm, and it was impossible to think of anything else when his mind was filled with the eyes and smile and scent and kindness of a man who would always be out of his reach.
He groaned as he realized he was smitten, and how hopelessly stupid was he to be smitten with the King? But even the realization of his stupidity did not keep him from finding a roof to settle down on for the night, where he could curl up in the cloak and daydream about the King, and how to make him smile by bringing him the moon.
The moon, the moon. That was even more difficult than the sun. If only he could reach out and steal a piece—
He paused, as it suddenly came to him. It would cost him everything he had, and whatever he had to sell—minus the cloak and cloak pin. He would never sell them; no matter he had to sleep on a roof.
Curling up in the cloak, smiling faintly, he fell quickly asleep.

*~*~*

The stares—glares—were heavy upon him, but Cowan refused to care. The King was too marvelous a distraction for him to care about their petty behaviors any longer.
Waking up two mornings ago, he had felt something hard digging into his side. Thinking at first it was beneath the cloak, he had looked for a rock or piece of brick, but at last had realized the hard object was in the cloak itself. A few minutes searching uncovered a hidden pocket, within which was a small purse that contained more money than he had ever possessed.
He certainly had enough not to need to continue the challenges, to find a room to rent and even enough to pay his entrance fees … but there was plenty of time for all of that, and he had only two more chances to see the King, speak with him, and try to make him smile and look less lonely.
Cowan waited anxiously as challenger after challenger approached the throne, offering more gems, flowers, other paintings and sculptures, books, glassware, china, even perfume—that made him sick with disappointment, until he realized it was only perfume.
Finally it was his turn, and he approached the throne with a shy, uncertain smile. It brightened, however, when the King smiled back. "Master Medaughs. What have you brought me in answer to the challenge?"
Unwrapping his fingers, Cowan presented the small, delicate glass bottle which he had held so protectively until then. It had cost him several of the coins he had found in the cloak, but seeing the King smile in wonder and curiosity, he thought it would have been worth it to surrender all of them. When the King had taken the bottle, he said, "Long ago, Majesty, in the early days of our country, not long after the first King had been crowned, the land was beset by a tribe of savages who possessed the ability to turn into wolves. They attacked, killed many, and worst of all they spread their shape-changing ability to the people here. But the alchemists, those long ago and long lost masters of the arcane, devised a tonic that drove back the savages and cured the afflicted. The basis for that tonic was this—a solution of pure silver, called ‘extract of the moon’ by the alchemists. The secret of its making was only recently rediscovered. It is used by farmers and villagers, when they can afford it, to create the wolfs bane potion that keeps back the wolves that run thick in the forests."
"Well done," the King said, and once again approached him. "You are a most worthy challenger indeed, my fine historian. It is no wonder you hope to attend the Royal Academy. I am certain they cannot wait to see all that you might offer."
Cowan almost laughed at that, and did not have the heart to tell the King that he was the only one who thought he deserved to be at the Academy. Given he had twice now won the challenge over at least one professor he did not foresee ever being granted entrance, even though he was able to pay the fees. "Thank you, Majesty," he said, and tried to bow his head deferentially, but he could not look away—it was all he could do to remain still and not move closer.
"A beautiful piece of the moon you have brought me, a fine charm that once fixed many wrongs. Your prize, my scholar, shall be a different sort of charm." He slid a ring from his finger, silver and with the king’s symbol. A Service ring, Cowan realized. It meant that wherever he went, he would never want for food and bed—whoever bore such a ring was granted room and board without question, because he served the King.
"Majesty…" he shivered despite himself as the King took his hand, but instead of dropping the ring into his palm, the King turned his hand over and slid the ring onto Cowan’s finger. He held on a moment longer, then slowly let Cowan’s hand go.
Cowan looked up into his eyes, wanting so badly to lean in closer, to …to …
To do things he had no business doing, should not even be thinking. Someone, someday, would make the King happy—but it would be someone worthy, not some peasant struggling to survive and in possession of an education that clashed with every other aspect of his life. "Majesty," he finally said, the word coming out more softly than he intended. "Thank you."
"You are welcome," the King replied, smiling, and something about his smile was different, but Cowan could not say precisely how. Satisfaction, maybe? He was not certain. Turning away, he reluctantly withdrew to his place, ignoring the looks and the loathing he could practically feel upon the air.
"Challengers," the King cried out. "One challenge remains; let us see what you make of it. In three days, you are to bring me the stars. Good luck."
The stars? Cowan worried at his lip, completely stumped on that one. Diamonds was the easy answer, or something similar, but there was no real star-like significance to them. No, stars were not diamonds. They were too distant and fragile looking for that.
He glanced over his shoulder as he left, and stumbled to halt in surprise, to see the King remained on the dais and was watching him. Flushing, Cowan turned hastily around and bolted from the clearing, making for his little rooftop, bundling up in the cloak he still liked to think smelled like the King.
As night fell, he sat so that he could look up at the stars in comfort, naming them silently, recalling all their stories, hoping for some sort of inspiration. He had managed sun and moon, somehow, surely he could figure out how to bring the King a star … and then what?
Would he win another prize? Would he win the grand prize? What was that? Perhaps he could ask for admittance to the Academy; that would be the wisest and most practical. With the King’s favor, maybe he would have to occasionally give an accounting of himself to the King. He would tell all that he had done, and the King would listen, and then …
And then what, he thought with sudden bitterness. Kings did not talk and idle their days away with students, never mind peasants. Once the challenges were over, he would have only his cloak and ring by which to remember the King. He stood a better chance of catching a falling star than catching a …
Falling star. That was it. He knew where to find a falling star. Standing up and turning around, he looked toward the mountain. If he pushed hard, he could get there and back in three days.

*~*~*

"Cowan Medaughs! Cowan Medaughs! Cowan—"
"Here!" Cowan cried, bursting through the crowd, tripping as someone thrust a leg out, crashing hard to the pavilion stones with a cry of pain. Ignoring the scraped, bleeding skin on his hand, the way his elbow throbbed on the opposite arm, he clambered to his feet and strode anxiously forward. "I’m here."
"Cowan," the King said, startling him by using his first name. "I was beginning to fear you would not show."
"I’m sorry," Cowan said. "It took me longer than I thought."
The King smiled. "Did you climb into the sky to get the stars, my scholar?"
Startled by the words, distracted by the smile, Cowan reacted without thinking. He burst out laughing, still grinning when he finally managed to say, "No, Majesty, though gladly would I climb that high for you if I could. I only went up the Painted Mountain to the temple there."
He flushed dark as the King smiled then, slow and pleased and warm. "Oh? I did not know the old priests there could call down stars."
Cowan smiled, still distracted and pleased that he had managed to get them. He reached into his cloak, relieved to feel they were still intact. Extending his cupped hands, he dropped into the King’s cupped palms a handful of delicate star-shaped objects that seemed to be made of something like glass, but not quite that.
"In the days of the third King, Majesty, the Kingdom was again attacked. This time the men were armored, brutal, terrifying. The Kingdom was nearly lost, because we could not do them enough harm to slow them down and steal the advantage. Then the alchemists, together with the priests of the temple then often used, devised a clever little device. These are made of fairy glass, which shatters into the tiniest of pieces. The priests were experts with the stuff, and made these little containers to hold a special substance devised by the alchemists. When thrown from the safety of the castle walls, these little containers rained down upon the enemy, shattering on impact, covering them with small amounts of a deadly poison that killed the moment it touched skin. Used in this manner, the damage was mostly contained to the enemies, and did not spread all over ground and comrades. They were extremely dangerous, however, and after the war was finally won the King banned them. But, throughout the war, the enemies referred to them as a rain of death. We, however, called them falling stars."
The King smiled, stood, and approached him, taking both Cowan’s hands. "You are brilliant and clever, wise and hard-working. Tell me, my wise scholar, do you know the story of Consort Lore?"
Cowan frowned in thought, speaking slowly as he said, "Consort Lore was Consort to the tenth King, and it’s said that he was made Consort after winning …" Cowan’s eyes widened. "Majesty—"
He got no further as the King kissed him, releasing Cowan’s hands to slide his arms around Cowan’s waist, immediately possessive. After a moment of shock Cowan responded, fingers clinging tightly to the sleeves of the king's shirt. The amber and orange smelled so much better, a thousand times better, upon the King’s warm skin.
This could not be, he had to be dreaming, such things did not happen to people like him.
But if he was asleep, he could not figure out how to wake. He blinked as they finally broke apart. "Majesty?" he asked, words so low none but the two of them could hear.
"I want you for my consort," the king replied, "unless you have some objection."
"Everyone else will object? I am hardly worthy—"
"That is for me to decide, and you," the King said. "You have proven more than worthy; it is only for you to accept or reject."
"I don’t understand why," Cowan said.
"Because you are everything a consort should be," the King replied. "That aside, you drew me from the moment we met, and I think you looked as lonely as I, and now we both seem less so."
Cowan smiled, because this was true. He had been so absorbed in the King, in the challenges, that he had not felt lonely at all save when he thought of never seeing the King again. "You eased me. I hoped I eased you, but could not say for certain."
"You do," the King said. "I want you by my side."
"That is where I would like to be, Majesty," Cowan admitted, and smiled as he realized that he could be, would be, despite all odds.
"Then it is done," the King replied, "and my name is Seay."
"Seay," Cowan repeated softly, before the King kissed him again, while around them the people could only stand and stare, shocked into absolute silence.




The Knight of the Rose


Once upon a time there was a king who wanted only the best for his children, and for them to be happy. When it came time for each to marry, he saw to it he obtained for each of them only the most perfect companion.
When it came time for his youngest son to marry, the King sent out for the very best knights in the kingdom, for his youngest son was a mage, and had a penchant for danger, and would need someone to keep him safe once his father was gone. The King sent out a proclamation for knights of noble bearing, who had slain no less than one hundred dragons, broken no less than two hundred curses, and saved no less than three hundred persons. Only knights so brave and smart and daring would be good enough to care for his dear son.
Many weeks later, two knights arrived bearing the King’s proclamation, and said they met all the qualifications required by his Majesty.
The first knight was grand and glorious, tall and broad and handsome. He had long, gold hair and eyes like blue diamonds. He wore fine plate armor that was polished to a mirror shine, and sparkled like silver in the sunlight. At his hip was a fine broadsword, the hilt resplendent with jewels, the pommel carved into the shape of a great bird. His shield was carried by one of his six servants, painted with bright colors, dominated by a crest of the sun. His steed was a white mare with a silver mane and golden horn, and she was sweet and docile as another of the six servants held her reins. The people admired him, and smiled at him, and whispered that of course the prince would choose such a perfect, beautiful knight. He bowed to the king and smiled a charming smile, and declared that he was a knight of the Order of the Sun.
They laughed behind their hands at the second knight, and whispered that the king should send so sad and tarnished a knight away, for how could he compare to the first? 
The second knight was short, stocky, with a squashed-looking nose and an unsightly scar that ran across his cheek and chin. He had hair the color of pitch, cut very close to his scalp, and his eyes were the color of dishwater. His armor was only old chainmail, with patches where tears had replaced with newer links. At his hip, his sword was a simple thing, the hilt wrapped in leather, the pommel unadorned. Beside him, restless and alert and standing protectively to the knight, was his steed. He was also black as pitch, body riddled with the marks of battle, his mane the color of dull steel, and the broken horn on his head the color of dulled metal. The knight knelt before the King, and said that he was a knight of the Order of the Rose, and honored to be able to answer the summons of his King.
Greeting them both, and thanking them for coming, the King then announced they each face many challenges that day to prove which of them was most worthy of his son. All day long, beneath the hot summer sun, the knights met challenge after challenge. Never were they given a chance to pause, but went many hours with neither drink nor food nor rest.
At the end of the day, the King called them before him once more and bid them kneel. The Knight of the Sun was still beautiful and resplendent, hardly the worse for wear in his ordeals, for he had smoothly and cleverly led his six servants all the day through each and every challenge. Beside him, the Knight of the Rose was sweaty and tired and worn, exhausted from his labors, for he had faced each of his challenges alone.
The King congratulated each of them on a job well done, and then asked if either would like something to drink.
The Knight of the Sun said he would like a draught of wine to quench his thirst from a long day’s work. And the King nodded, and his request was granted.
The Knight of the Rose asked for water for his steed, for the beast was exhausted from a long day’s work. And the King nodded, and his request was granted.
Next, the King asked if they would like something to eat.
The Knight of the Sun said he would like a fine meal, for he had toiled all day long and required nourishment. And the King nodded, and his request was granted.
The Knight of the Rose requested that the six servants who had assisted their Knight be given a fine meal, for they had toiled all day long and deserved nourishment. And the King nodded, and his request was granted.
Finally, the King asked each knight, "Why did you come here?"
"To marry the prince," replied the Knight of the Sun.
"Because my king bid me," replied the Knight of the Rose.
And the King nodded, and withdrew, and bid his son make his choice. The prince stepped forward. He was tall and willowy, with smooth skin darkened by the sun, hair like the dying embers of a fire and eyes like new grass, glowing bright with the strength of his magic. He had watched the knights carefully throughout the day, and the challenges and the questions put to them by his father had all been of the prince’s devising.
And he ignored the grand and glorious Knight of the Sun as he stepped down from the high dais of the royal throne. Through the dust and dirt he walked, past the Knight of the Sun and his six servants, to kneel before the haggard, solitary Knight of the Rose. From his robes, he pulled out a token—a plain gold ring bearing a signet of a rose in full bloom; it had been a gift to the prince from his mother many years ago. "I would be honored, dear knight, if you would be mine."
The Knight of the Rose looked at the prince in surprise, but took the ring and slid it on his finger. Then he smiled, the first smile he had given all the long day, and despite his squashed nose and terrible scar and ragged state he was the most handsome of men. He rose to his feet, and helped the prince stand as well. Then the Knight of the Rose kissed his prince, and all were happy.
Except the Knight of the Sun, but that is a tale for another day.



A/N: The tale of the Knight of the Sun was done by a friend of mine. You can read at http://drowning-london.livejournal.com/119284.html#cutid1




Three Questions


Once upon a time there was a grand king who had three sons. The eldest became a glorious soldier, the grandest of knights, a hero beloved of the people. He was destined for the crown, and would someday wear it well.
When the time came for him to wed, he called a challenge of duels—whosoever could best him in three duels of skill and fortitude, would marry the crown prince. And so the challengers came, thousands of people from across the kingdom, eager for the chance to marry the great and glorious crown prince. But one after another, they went again, unable to win the duels.
Until one day a beautiful woman with golden hair and shining golden armor appeared to challenge him. Try as he might, the crown prince could not defeat her, and so he took her happily to be his bride.
The King’s second son was born shrewd and sharp, with a silver tongue that could convince a bird to give up flying, a fish to give up swimming. He grew to be a renowned politician, a diplomat of unsurpassed skill, securing boons from around the world for the good of his father’s kingdom. None could deceive or resist the words he spun.
When the time came for the prince to marry, he called for a challenge of lies—whosoever could fool him, he would marry. And so the people came by thousands, eager for a chance at the handsome, clever prince. All who challenged him told the prince two truths, and one lie, but every time the prince was able to mark the lie, and so all went away again, defeated.
Until one day a beautiful maiden appeared, pale of hair, dressed in a gown trimmed in silver, and her voice and words were more beautiful still as she spoke. Try as he might, the prince could not pick out the lie amidst her truths. Bested, the prince took her happily to be his bride.
The King’s youngest son was possessed of a brilliant mind, steeped in knowledge—history, government, religion, language, magic, literature, down to even the most arcane lore. Any question, no matter how strange or obscure, the prince could answer. Often his brothers and father turned to him, when they had need of some bit of law or warfare or culture.
When the time came for the prince to wed, he called for a challenge of questions—whosoever could answer three questions, match him in knowledge, he would marry. And so the people came by thousands, eager to wed the brilliant, beautiful youngest prince. Despite their efforts, however, none could answer the prince’s questions.
Gradually, the challengers faded off, and the prince withdrew once more to his books.


Odiore looked up as the door to his private study in the great library opened, annoyed that someone would dare to enter without first knocking. Sharp words of reprimand died in his throat, however, as saw who it was, unable to believe what he was seeing. "What are you doing here?" he finally asked, then closed his mouth, refusing to say anything more.
Of all the people in the world, he had never expected Brenim to walk uninvited into his study. The youngest son of the ancient Baron Velasco, he had been friends with Odiore’s eldest brother, Rowell. He was five years older than Odiore, but had always had time to speak with the young, awkward child that Odiore had been (whereas Rowell had just tried to lose him).
Odiore had been crushed when Brenim had left years ago to travel, to seek his own fortune, since being the youngest of several children he would inherit little or nothing. Only a year or so after he left, stories began to trickle back of his travels and adventures—dragons slain, enchantments broken, curses lifted, monsters fought. All knew the tales of Brenim the Cursebreaker.
Like the fool he was, Odiore meticulously recorded every tale that reached his ears, each to its own slender volume, bound in copper-toned brown leather, with annotations for all the variations he heard. He had never thought to see Brenim again, had hoped, foolishly, that his feelings would finally fade. That whoever answered his questions would finally help him forget the man he had loved first.
But he could not say he was as disappointed as he should be when no one had been able to answer his questions and challengers eventually ceased to arrive.
"Is that any way to greet an old friend?" Brenim asked, and the older, deeper version of his charming smile was far more devastating than it had been when Odiore was an innocent boy.
"You were Rowell’s friend," Odiore replied, closing his book and removing his reading spectacles. "His offices are in the armory, in the east wing."
"I remember where to find the armory," Brenim said, leaning against the door frame, and folding his arms across his chest, looking amused.
He also looked even more handsome than when he had left, having filled out the gangly body in which he had departed. His hair was still the most beautiful shade of brown, dark and rich, but fading to a lighter, almost copper tone at the tips. His eyes were that same coppery shade, bright and sharp against his unfashionably tanned skin. He had scars acquired on his hands and throat, a small one at the edge of his cheek.
Jerking his gaze away, Odiore stared at his books as Brenim continued speaking. "I consider you a friend, too. You were a sweet kid, and even at ten you were already smarter than at least half the people here. By fifteen, you were smarter than everyone. Stories span the world of the Scholar Prince."
Odiore scoffed, waving a hand dismissively. "Indeed. That would make for unbearable listening, I should think. Today he read this book."
Brenim laughed. "The tales I hear are livelier than that:  An ambassador who went home in shame when you knew more of his laws than he, and more of his family history. That you discovered a new, safer way of killing dragons. There were tales of poison, and roses—"
"Enough," Odiore cut in, scowling. "No doubt you have tales of your own, why bother with mine?"
"Did you hear tales of me?" Brenim asked lightly, looking amused.
"I might have caught bits of one or two," Odiore said stiffly, very carefully not thinking about the fifty or so volumes on a shelf right behind his desk.
Brenim smiled, slow and bright, and if Odiore was given to blushing, he sensed right then he would be bright red.
"It’s dinner time, by the way," Brenim said abruptly. "I told your father I would come fetch you."
Scowling again, Odiore pulled his watch from his jacket pocket and saw it was indeed far later than he had realized. "Very well," he said, and stood up, neatening his clothes and hair, pulling out a special cloth to wipe smudges of ink from his face and hands. "Shall we then?" he asked when he was ready.
Brenim stepped out of the doorway, and dipped into an elegant bow as Odiore reached him. "After you, my prince."
It was a common enough courtesy phrase, but Odiore once again was left feeling relieved that he was not given to blushing.
The great dining hall was already crowded when they arrived, the royal table crammed with his family and those persons invited to dine with them. The conversation faded off briefly as Odiore and Brenim drew close and greetings were exchanged.
Odiore was annoyed to realize that Brenim had been seated next to him, but only sipped his wine and fell into the familiar, if boring, rhythms of a court dinner.
Except that those rhythms were interrupted by Brenim, who seemed to charm the entire table with his tales, with stories of the exotic places he had been—and frequently turning to Odiore, and saying something just to him.
Almost like he was flirting, but Odiore could not fathom that it was true, and so for his part responded only politely and briefly.
Just when he thought he could take no more, the dinner began to draw to a close, leaving him free to slip away once the entertainment began. But then the King said, "Now, Master Brenim, I believe you said you desired to answer Odiore's challenge?"
Odiore froze in the process of lifting his coffee cup, then hastily set it down again. "What?" he asked, looking at Brenim, then his father. "What nonsense is this?"
"I’ve been gone ten years," Brenim said. "In that time, I’ve expanded my wealth, my skill, and my knowledge. Now I return to face your challenge, Prince Odiore. Ask your questions."
Odiore’s heart began to thud in his chest, and his tongue seemed stuck in his mouth. Finally, though, he gave a nod, and managed to say, "Very well, Master Brenim."
The King smiled, and his brothers grinned, and Odiore wanted to smack them all.
Standing, the King called out for silence, then said, "We have a challenger for the hand of my youngest son. Rise, Prince Odiore. Rise, Master Brenim."
Obediently rising, they moved around the table to stand before it, facing each other, visible to the entire room.
Brenim smiled, meeting his eyes, waiting patiently.
"Your first question is this, Master Brenim: Once upon a time a woman was chained in a basement by an evil wizard, who every day made her spin straw into gold. Every day she tried to kill him, and every day she failed, for nothing could harm him—not blade or poison or a rock to his head. One day, however, she happened to learn his secret, that it would take but one word to kill him. What was that one word?"
Smile widening, Brenim replied, "His name, for on that wizard had been placed a spell, that he would live forever so long as he never heard another say his name."
Odiore drew a sharp, startled breath. "Correct," he said, and waited for the noise of the crowd to die down before he continued. "Your second question is this, Master Brenim:  Once upon a time a prince was cursed, taken from the woman he loved by his evil stepmother. Determined to rescue her lost love, the woman set out on a quest to find the hidden castle to which he had been taken. No one, however, could tell her where to find the strange castle, only that it was impossible to reach. Finally, though, the woman did learn its location. Where was the castle located?"
"East of the sun, west of the moon," Brenim replied. "Only the mighty north wind can reach it without need of magic. He carried the woman to the castle, where she was able to free her prince, forced to live as a bear, bound to his troll stepmother until the curse was broken."
"Correct," Odiore said softly, barely able to hear himself, so loud seemed the beating of his heart. When the noise around them once more died down, he said, "Your final question is this, Master Brenim:  One thousand years ago, a princess and her entire palace were cursed to sleep forever. Five hundred years ago, a noble prince was cursed and turned into a toad. Two hundred years ago, a fair princess was poisoned by a cursed apple. Though most books say these people all died of their curses, they were in fact all saved by the same thing. What saved them?"
Brenim grinned, and stepped forward, grasping Odiore’s shoulders and jerking him close. He bent his head to kiss Odiore hard, deep—possessively.
Odiore knew he should draw back, such behavior was more than a little unseemly—but Brenim was kissing him, and had answered all three questions—
He drew back, scowling. "Strictly speaking, that’s not an answer."
"A demonstration. The answer is true love’s kiss—to free a sleeping beauty from her slumber, to turn a toad back into a prince, and revive a poisoned princess. All curses, weak or strong, can be broken by true love’s kiss."
"Correct," Odiore said, only just remembering to say it loud enough for all to hear. More quietly, he said, "Since when—"
"Since you were old enough for me to see what you would become and realize I wanted to be worthy of that man."
Odiore frowned at him. "You were always worthy."
Brenim only smiled, and drew him close again. "Shut up, and kiss your betrothed, my prince."
He started to argue, feeling they were far from finished discussing the matter—then decided it could wait, because Brenim had answered his questions, and so was his forever. Matching Brenim’s smile, he drew him back down for another kiss.




The Witch in the Woods


Once upon a time there was a king. He was a young king, only just thirty-three summers, and he ruled a small, quiet kingdom that saw no greater trouble than the occasional band of thieves or a wizard whose spells went out of control.
The king's parents died when he was very young, leaving him with not just a kingdom to rule, but two brothers raise. He tried his best, the young king, but being little more than a boy himself he did not know much about raising children. 
His brothers grew up healthy, handsome, but selfish and ungrateful. Though all in the kingdom knew the young king was not at fault, he blamed himself for every wrong committed by his brothers. Determined that they should learn the ways of the world once and for all, and gain the honor and pride they lacked, he arranged for a grand festival to be held over two days. 
Then he told his brothers that they must in the course of those two days choose a spouse, a new life, and learn something from it, or he would cast them out of the kingdom. Angrily the brothers protested, but the king remained firm: marriage or exile.
Two nights before the ball, the brothers slipped from the palace and crept into the woods. They were a treacherous place, the woods, long known as the Laughing Forest for the spirits who dwelled there and laughed and chuckled and snickered in the moments before they tormented their victims.
Pale moonlight offered just enough light to tease, leaving the brothers to trip and tumble as they journeyed, soft laughter chasing them all the way. They wended their way along a path that seemed to change whenever they took their eyes from it. Every sound made them jump, made their breath catch, every ghostly laugh sped their hearts and quickened their step. 
Just as they could take no more, yellow-orange light drew them to the glade they had been seeking:  the home of the witch. The air smelled sweet, like candy or fresh gingerbread and the brothers remembered again all the tales of the witch who could provide anything desired—for a price. 
Reaching the cottage, the brothers knocked upon the door. It was opened a moment later by a tall, spindly man with short, spiky red hair, sun-dark, freckled skin, and hazel eyes. He was, the brothers noted, neither handsome nor ugly, but quite homely.
"How can I help you?" the witch asked.
"You need to give us a spell," said the first brother, whose name was Timlin. 
The witch sneered at them. "I don't need to do anything. I do not take orders from anyone, not even royalty," he added when the second brother, Ranlin, tried to protest. "If you want to ask for my help, certainly you may. But you'll not get it by ordering me about."
The brothers glared at the witch, but the witch only continued to scowl right back.
"We'll pay you, of course," Ranlin finally said. "If that's what's got you in a snit."
The witch heaved a sigh and muttered something about brats, but then said more clearly, "I do not accept conventional means of payment. If you do not agree to my terms then you will not get the spell you desire. If all you have to offer me is gold then you can leave."
"We'll give you whatever you want," Timlin snapped. "As you already know, we're royalty. We can give you anything."
"Being royalty does not grant the power to give anything. I assure you that though I am but a humble witch, living alone in the woods, I have more to offer than either of you. Come inside, but do not think to cheat or harm me or the spells you desire will work against you rather than for you."
The brothers motioned impatiently, and Timlin said, "Yes, yes. Can we just get on with it?"
The witch pursed his lips, but nodded and motioned for them to sit at the large table that took up the center of the room. Many bottles, boxes, bowls, and other such items were scattered across it, filled with all manner of magical ingredients. A book took up one corner, a stack of more near it. The room smelled of wood smoke and pungent herbs. 
When they had taken their seats, the witch stood on the other side of the table and folded his arms across his chest. Though he was so homely looking, and wore only faded breeches and a heavily-patched shirt, something about him made the brothers suddenly nervous. 
But when he continued to scowl at them, waiting and waiting, Ranlin finally said, "Our odious brother says we must marry or face exile. We want spells to ensure that we get ideal spouses, so he does not try to force us to marry the people he wants."
"I see," the witch said. "Ideal for whom?"
Timlin cast him a look of great annoyance. "Why for us, of course, you halfwit. Who else?"
"Who else indeed," the witch murmured, but unfolded his arms and nodded. "Very well, then. If you desire spouses who suit you, then you shall have them. I will deliver the spell to you the day of the first ball. By the end of the second night, you will each have found the spouse for whom you are most suited. As to payment …"
"We aren't paying you anything until we know the spells have worked," Ranlin said.
The witch gave him a cold look. "My spells never fail. My payment is due when the spells are given to you, and my payment is this:  you will make me your guest at the festival. You will dance with me, you will sit beside me at dinner and speak with me, you will provide me with all that I require to enjoy the ball as your guest. Trivial things for two princes to provide. Do we have a bargain?"
"Yes, yes," the brothers chorused impatiently. "If that is all you want, then you shall have it."
"Very well, then," the witch said. "The bargain is struck. Tell me, then, what it is you love best in all the world."
They stared at him blankly, and the witch prodded, "What is your favorite thing to do? What would you do all the day long if you were permitted?"
"I enjoy the hunt," Timlin said. "I want to bring down the greatest beast ever to walk the land."
Ranlin sneered at his brother's words and said, "Music. There is no finer thing that listening to golden voices sing sweetly to me all the day long."
"Very well," said the witch. "Now you may go. I will make your spells and you'll have them the morning of the first day. Remember my warnings."
Nodding, the brothers hastened away back to the palace and the warm safety of their soft beds.
Two days passed swiftly by as the whirlwind preparations consumed everyone. The king, seeing the good cheer of his brothers, thought them finally excited by the opportunity being given them and allowed himself some excitement as well. 
But as the day of the festival arrived a witch presented himself at the palace and announced he was a guest of their royal highnesses. The princes agreed to see him, grimacing all the while, receiving him in the smallest, darkest parlor in the palace, so seldom used it was covered with dust. 
The witch held out two necklaces, and the brothers saw they were bone charms strung on leather cord. Peasant jewelry, nothing at all what princes would wear. "Your spells," the witch said. "Charms, actually. They are called charms of destiny, and they will give you what you seek. Wear them at all times, and the spouse for whom you are meant will be drawn to you, bound to you eternally."
"Can you not give us a potion or some such?" Timlin asked, eyeing the charm distastefully.
"No," the witch snapped. "You want this particular spell; this is how you get it. Be warned, though, your highnesses. There is no undoing this spell, or avoiding the spell running its course once you put the charms around your necks. The moment the charms are in place they will seek out that which suits you and bind you to it forever. It cannot be stopped once started, and only greater—darker, forbidden—magic can undo it."
Timlin sighed. "Yes, witch. We get it. That is what we want—spouses suited to us, not suited to our brother's whim. I just do not see why the spell must take on this … particular appearance."
"Never fear, you are free to hide them beneath your clothes. Now for your end of the bargain."
"Yes, yes," Ranlin said. "We will send someone to see to you immediately." They left without another word, leaving the witch to wait.
A short time later, two guards stepped into the parlor and grabbed hold of the witch. They dragged him through the halls of the palace, into the servants' spaces, then out into the back where they threw him out. "Never darken the palace again, witch, or it is the executioner to whom you will answer for your dark deeds."
The witch watched them go, angry and sad, the clothes he had taken such pains to clean and patch covered in mud and muck, his carefully polish boots ruined. Slowly standing, he cleaned off what mud he could and then strode back into the palace. 
Many tried to stop him, but all fell away either from the look in his eye or the twitch of his fingers as though he were about to cast some terrible spell.
"Halt!" 
The witch turned and saw a man who could only be the king, and his cheeks went scarlet to see so handsome a figure. He felt all the more acutely his own sorry state, and nearly abandoned his goal—but a bargain was a bargain, and he had felt it when the brothers put on the charms. Lifting his chin, he said, "Majesty, I have come to collect the payment owed me by your brothers. They wear my spells, and they tried to have me thrown out rather than pay their debt."
"What?" the king said, and turned to one of his servants. "Tell my brothers to attend me in my chambers immediately. You, come with me." He marched off and the witch hastened after him.
In the king's private chambers, his two brothers waited with sour looks upon their faces. Taking a seat before an enormous window, sunshine spilling over him, the king said, "What is the meaning of this? Did you pay this witch for spells?"
The brothers said nothing, and the king sighed. "Witch, what spells did they purchase, and what compensation is owed you?"
"In exchange for two charms of destiny, I asked to be treated as their guest for the whole of the festival: to be dressed suitably, to dance with them, to eat and converse at the banquets."
"That is an easy price to pay, and I am ashamed they tried to cheat you," the king replied. "It shall be paid. You two had best stay out of my sight. I am ashamed not just by your attempts to use magic as an easy way to meet my demands, but by your attempts to avoid paying the debt you owe. Let us hope you learn something over the next two days. Get out."
The brothers fled, red-faced with fury and humiliation. The king again offered his apologies, and summoned a servant. "See that this man here is treated as our honored guest, and given every luxury. What is your name, witch?"
"Anson, your Majesty. Thank you."
"Enjoy the festival, Master Anson," the king replied, and with a fleeting, polite smile left Anson to the care of the servant.
Bowing, the servant murmured, "This way, Master Anson," and led him through the halls of the palace to a beautiful room easily twice the size of Anson's cottage. In short order, the servant arranged for a bath and food, and by the time Anson was done the servant had summoned tailors and seamstresses and piles and piles of clothes to adjust. 
When they were finally done, Anson looked in a large mirror set out for him and scarcely recognized the reflection that stared back at him. The boring face was still the same, the hair still hopelessly bright and already trying to turn messy again, but he did not look like a witch who lived alone in the woods with only his old horse and a few thieving rabbits in the garden to call friends. 
Maybe, just maybe, he would enjoy himself for two days after all. "Thank you," he said to all the servants who had aided him. "I appreciate all you have done for me."
"It is our pleasure to serve the king and all his honored guests," said the servant the king had ordered assist him. 
"Of course," Anson said, and let them go to attend duties more important than dressing up a silly witch. 
As ready as he could be, Anson left his room and wandered the halls of the palace until he found the garden where all were gathered for an afternoon garden party. Many looked at him, and Anson smiled shyly whenever one chanced to catch his gaze, but in reply they only turned away and whispered to one another. His smiles faded away as he caught the words 'witch' and 'curse' and others far more unpleasant. 
Taking a glass of white wine from a table laden with food and drink, Anson stood at the edge of a dance floor that had been arranged in the middle of the garden. Lords and ladies twirled in elegant display to the sweet music filling the air. It reminded Anson of days long past, when his mother had hummed those same tunes, occasionally singing, as she taught him to dance in their little cottage.
He looked around the garden and eventually spied the terrible two tucked away out of sight of the king in a corner. They saw him and hastened away, casting dark looks over their shoulders, and Anson tried not to be disappointed. It was not as though either of them would have made a pleasant dance partner. Sipping at his wine, Anson looked around for someone else who might not mind dancing with him, but wherever he looked gazes turned hastily away.
When his glass was empty, he returned it to the table and decided that a walk would be better than lingering at the edge of the dance floor like a hopeless idiot. Turning away from the table, he collided smartly with a dark blue velvet jacket. Looking up, he immediately flushed as he stared into the dark blue eyes of the king. "My apologies, your Majesty."
"No need," the king said. "I believe you were owed a dance, were you not? And my worthless brothers have scampered off. Come." He smiled pleasantly and extended a hand, and Anson took it before he let his nerves convince him to refuse.
Whispers rose and then abruptly died as the king escorted him to the dance floor. Anson had dreamed a thousand dances alone in his bed at night. He had day dreamed a thousand more toiling over his table bringing dreams and wishes to life for others. Not even his most extravagant fantasies compared to dancing with the king, who danced with grace and elegance, talked and charmed throughout, and acted as though Anson were in fact a dear friend and they had danced so countless times. 
When they finally stopped, and the king left him back at the refreshment table, Anson felt bereft. He stared after the king as long as he could, then took another glass of wine and drank it more hastily than was wise. 
He could feel the stares of the others more acutely, but still no one else approached him. Retreating to a corner, Anson ignored them all in favor of reliving his dance with the king over and over. And if he pretended that the king had danced because he had wanted to, and not to pay a price, well what harm was there in that?
By the time dinner came, Anson was starving and anxious and lightheaded from too much wine. Again he hung back, uncertain what to do, where to go when there were so many tables and people who followed rules Anson had never learned.
A servant appeared at his elbow, however, and with a quietly murmured, "This way, Master Anson," led him to the table where the king sat. 
"My brothers are still missing, but I am certain that comes as no surprise to you. Please, do sit and I will do my best to entertain you in their place."
"It is not your place to pay their price, Majesty," Anson replied as he sat down. "I am sorry you are burdened by their debts."
The king laughed. "If you are a burden, then I wish more of their debts were like you, Master Anson. Now, eat, please. I will make you known to our fellow dining companions, and they will be only too happy to regale a new face with their old stories."
To Anson's surprise, the lords and ladies did seem eager to talk—and talk and talk, until he was quite overwhelmed with wine and words. It was the most fun he had ever had in his life, and though he had little to say himself Anson lapped up everything that was said to him and tucked it all away to enjoy again later in his cottage. 
Dinner was nearing its end when there came a great roar from the far side of the room, and a great and terrible beast with dark fur and enormous horns filled the doorway. It wrapped one great paw around Timlin, who screamed and tried to struggle free.
"Guards!" the king bellowed, as all the lords, ladies, and servants fled with terrified screams.
"No!" Anson cried out as the guards appeared. "You must halt. It is the charm of destiny which has brought the beast."
The king rounded on him, eyes blazing with fury as he snatched the witch close. "What have you done to my brother?"
"Only what he asked me for," Anson said, hurt the king thought he would let anyone come to harm, even though he knew it was foolish to feel so. "Your brother loves only the hunt, and wants nothing more than to bring down the greatest of beasts. Instead, he has become the one captured by the beast. See how the charm binds them together."
Obediently looking, the king stared tight-lipped as the beast cradled his brother close and rumbled in a way reminiscent of a purr. Timlin, pale and shaking, glared hatefully across the room at Anson. "Witch!" he bellowed. "How dare you do this to me!"
"The spouse for whom he is most suited," Anson repeated. "The charm has spoken."
The king let him go, laughing softly. "So be it. Timlin, I accept your choice of spouse. You may go."
Growling in satisfaction, the beast carried Timlin away.
"He will be all right, yes?" the king asked.
"They are suited, and assuming your brother is willing to learn and grow …" Anson shrugged. "I make the spells, but I have little control over them. But he'll be safe, and possibly even happy someday."
The king finally let him go. "What is in store for Ranlin?"
"I know not, only that it will suit," Anson said with a bare smile he could not quite contain. "I feel it when the spell takes hold, but until then I know as little as they."
"Very well," the king said with a sigh. "The hour is late, and the festival effectively over for the night. Good night, witch."
"Goodnight," Anson replied, but the king had already turned away. A servant appeared to guide Anson back to his room, and exhausted from the long day, Anson fell quickly asleep and dreamed of dancing.
The next morning, the castle was all but vibrating with gossip of Timlin carried off by a beast with the king's blessing. Ranlin was nowhere to be found at all, and Anson quickly grew tired of the way people stared at him even more blatantly than they had before. 
The second day of the ball included a tournament, with all manner of performances and even a great joust. Anson remembered his mother's stories of such things, the parades and banners, the knights in their gleaming armor and bright, colorful tunics.
Anson was escorted to sit in the king's private box, and tried not to notice that save for servants they were completely alone. "Are you enjoying the festival?" the king asked.
"Yes, Majesty. Thank you again for—"
"No need," the king said, and smiled at him. "Who do you think will win the joust?"
Anson blinked at him, then looked over the contenders. "I'm sure I couldn't say. I've never seen a joust and know nothing about them."
The king laughed. "Well, take a look and pick. It's all in fun. Give a token to your champion if you're inclined; they're good luck." He winked, but was kept from saying anything further as a servant ghosted in to murmur something in his ear.
Leaving him in peace, Anson turned his full attention to the jousters. There were ten in all, with seemingly ever available cover on display amongst them. In the end, he decided on a knight much younger than the rest, dressed in simple green and gold, hanging back from the others and with no token to his name except a rose pinned to the front of his tunic. 
"Have you made your choice?" the king asked, making him jump.
"Uh—yes," Anson said, and indicated the knight in green.
The king seemed surprised. "A good choice, but he's young and new and easy to overlook." Gesturing to a servant down below, the king had the knight brought. "Your token, then, Master Anson."
Not knowing what else to offer, taking his cue from what the other knights wore, Anson removed a bracelet he was wearing and handed it to the knight. "Good luck."
Grinning brightly, the young man gave an awkward half-bow from his horse, then rode off.
When the jousting began, Anson quickly found himself caught up in the excitement, cheering and screaming and protesting along with everyone else, and he cheered loudest of all when his chosen knight took round after round—and finally secured the grand prize.
After he had claimed his prize, the knight rode up and handed back the token, along with part of the coin he had won. "Thank you for the faith, good sir." He kissed each of Anson's cheeks, then rode off again to where a little girl stood waiting eagerly. A sister, Anson surmised, and smiled.
"Well done," the king said, gripping his shoulder. "Now I think it is time to eat."
They had scarcely settled into their meal when Ranlin came darting in, face red and furious. He yanked Anson from his seat and shook him hard. "What is the meaning of this, witch?" he demanded. "I said I loved music! What have you done to me?"
"What are you talking about?" the king demanded, as the rest of the room fell silent. He rose and pulled Anson free, shoving his brother back and warning him to behave.
Anson watched, unsurprised, as a beautiful woman entered the room and walked over to Ranlin, standing still and quiet by his side. 
"Mute," Anson said softly. "A man who only listens, and listens best to the sound of his own voice, is most suited to one who cannot speak at all."
Beside him, the king laughed softly. "Yes, indeed. Ranlin, I accept your choice in spouse. What did you think would happen when you tried to cheat my orders by using magic? Be off with you, and show some kindness to the bride destiny chose."
Ranlin looked ready to hit them, but in the end only snarled and reluctantly gave his arm to the woman, who took it after glaring briefly at him, and together they left the room.
"You are quite the witch," the king said. "I hope that they will learn from your workings all that I could never manage to teach them."
Anson shook his head. "I only gave them what they asked for, Majesty."
"Well done, I say. Now, let us enjoy this fine meal."
The meal proved very fine indeed, and Anson grew flustered as more and more people spoke with him, asked him questions. Servants refilled his glass again and again, so that by the time dinner ended and everyone adjourned to the grand ballroom for the closing dance of the festivities, his head felt as though it floated and he could not stop smiling.
When a beautiful woman asked him to dance, Anson at first thought she was speaking to someone else. But she laughed and took his hand, and when she had finished a man approached. Two dances became four became many, until Anson was quite breathless and in need of more wine.
It was the king who found him on the balcony, enjoying the cool air and the sweet scents wafting up from the gardens. "You look as though you have been having a very fine time tonight," the king said warmly. "I am glad."
"I've had a wonderful evening, thank you, Majesty. You've been most generous, and I shall treasure that generosity always."
The king smiled and offered his arm. "Shall we enjoy the last dance, Master Anson?"
"I would be honored, Majesty," Anson replied, and laughed in delight as they twirled around the dance floor. The king smelled like honey and citrus, a bit of sweat from their exertions in the crowded room. The candlelight made his dark gold hair seem almost to glow, and there was a small smudge of a birthmark on his jaw that Anson longed to kiss.
He supposed if he was going to dream, he may as well make it as hopeless as possible. What was the point, after all, in dreaming small? If he held on a touch too long as the music died, he doubted anyone noticed. 
"You dance wonderfully," the king said with a boyish smile. "Truly, I wish all my debts were so pleasant to repay."
The words were a knife, a hard cold reminder that he was the only one caught in a dream. Except the king had no reason to dance with him a second time, and he had stupidly thought maybe the king wanted to dance with him. Stupid, to let his flights of fancy mingle with reality. 
"Thank you again, Majesty," he said, and tried to summon a smile, but felt it falter. He saw the king's smile fall away, but could not bear to wait to hear what he said next. "The debt is paid in full, and I wish you and your brothers every joy. Goodnight and farewell."
He fled the ballroom, ran through the castle back up to the room granted him. After the soft silks and linens and velvets he had been given to wear, his rough homespun scratched and itched. But the clothes were familiar, safe, and a sorely needed reminder that he did not belong in the palace.
Unable to stomach the thought of going back through the palace, he climbed out his window and down the stones of the palace wall, creeping across the lawn until he at least reached the familiarity of the Laughing Forest.
Three days passed in quiet misery, as he toiled preparing tonics and balms and creams to sell in the village on the other side of the woods. When he heard a horse, Anson sighed, wondering who had come and what spell they would require.
When the inevitable knock finally came, Anson drew a deep breath and let it out on a ragged sigh. Shoving his hair from his face, he went to the door and yanked it open—and stared, mouth gaping.
"May I come in?"
"M-Majesty?" Anson hastily stepped back, making room for him to enter. "Um. Is something amiss with your brothers?"
"No," the king replied. "My brothers are, I presume, doing quite well and getting what they deserve. I did not come to speak of them, or of anyone else. I came because I find I am quite in need of something."
The words churned like spoiled food in Anson's stomach. "What is that, Majesty?"
"My name is Thane, and I find myself quite in need of a witch."
Anson stared at him, blinked. "Well, I am a witch, Majesty."
"Thane."
"Thane," Anson dutifully repeated, wanting suddenly to smack him though he could not say why. "What do you need me to do?"
Drawing closer, forcing Anson to stumble back until he collided with his work table, Thane reached up to cup his chin, giving Anson no choice but to look at him. He stared at Anson for what seemed an eternity, then slowly let go. "I wanted to apologize for my last words. I meant them in jest. I by no means thought that I was only paying a debt in dancing with you that second time. It was purely for the pleasure."
"Uh—oh," Anson said, too startled to think of anything intelligent to say. "I—" he flushed and looked down. "I am glad you did not feel obliged," he finally said softly.
Cupping a finger beneath Anson's chin, Thane forced his head back up and said softly, "I say again that I find myself quite in need of a witch."
Anson swallowed. "And as I said, I am a witch. But you'll have to be more specific. What need do you have of me?"
"Many," Thane murmured, and leaned in to kiss him.



About the Author

Megan is a long time resident of m/m fiction, and keeps herself busy reading, writing, and publishing it. She is often accused of fluff and nonsense. She loves to hear from readers, and can be found all around the internet.

maderr.com
maderr.livejournal.com
lessthanthreepress.com
meganaderr@gmail.com
@amasour
