FALLING FOR JACK
City of Sails, Book One
Smashwords Edition Copyright Joanne Hill 2013
ISBN 9781301036660 
No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner without written permission of the author, except for review or promotional purposes. This is a work of fiction and liberties may have been taken with some details. 


"There are three things that amaze me—
no, four things that I don’t understand:
how an eagle glides through the sky,
how a snake slithers on a rock,
how a ship navigates the ocean,
how a man loves a woman."
Proverbs 30:18-19 NLT
 


CHAPTER ONE


Robyn recognized Jack Fletcher the second he asked if she had a light.
She glanced at the cigarette in his hand, then back up to his face. His broodingly handsome face. She was pretty sure the last time she'd seen him he’d worn black jeans and a leather jacket and he’d been purring through town on his motorbike, raising hell.
Now he was dressed head-to-toe in a designer suit and the only thing being raised was money for tonight's charity auction. 
“I don’t have a lighter,” she told him. With any luck he'd have no idea who she was, and he’d turn around and head back into the ballroom. “Or matches,” she added, in case he was thinking of asking. “I don’t smoke.”
Bemused, he broke the cigarette in two in a way that made it almost ceremonial. “Then I owe you.” 
Robyn gestured to the entrance just along the tiled path. “There's a rubbish bin over there.”
She watched as he went and dropped the cigarette in the bin, and she wondered what on earth he was doing out here. The entrées had only just been served, and she doubted he'd had time to eat his.
She took another sip from the paper cup and waited for him to head back inside to the ballroom. Instead, he turned around and walked slowly back towards her.
“I don’t smoke either.” He leant against the railing, reached into his pocket and pulled out his phone. “At least, I don’t smoke anymore.” Even in the dim glow from the light above the terrace she saw his face darken as he flipped through messages and paused at one in particular. His eyes flashed — was it anger? — and he swiftly pocketed his phone. “That cigarette was from a colleague.”
“It's none of my business,” she told him.
He folded his arms and even though he looked down at her, she had the feeling he was a million miles away. “It's proof that old habits die hard when things...” He rubbed his hand across his forehead in long, slow movements, and let out a deep breath. 
When things what?
She waited a moment but he didn’t elaborate. Not that it was anything to do with her. She checked her watch and with a jolt saw the time. She scrunched the empty cup in her hand. “You'll have to excuse me; I need to go back to work.” 
“Sure. I won't hold you up.” His eyes swept over her black and white uniform, from her black shoes to her brown hair tied in a ponytail. Then straight into her eyes. Intensely. Something flickered there.
“Do I know you?” he asked slowly.
No, they didn't know each other.
His eyes narrowed a fraction. “You look so familiar. Have we met before?” 
She racked her brain for an answer that wasn’t a lie.
“I know it’s not from this place,” he said, “because I rarely go to these things.”
She checked her watch again even though she knew the time. It would take a minute to get up the stairs and through the corridor to the other end. 
She beamed a smile at him. “I don’t mean to be rude but I really need—”
“Of course.” He snapped his fingers once, then again. “You’re the principal’s daughter.” He shook his head in disbelief but a smile curled his mouth, taking his face from broodingly bad-boy handsome to a face babies would smile at and women old enough to know better would go weak over. “Your father was the principal at Kopane High. It is you, isn’t it?” He stared at her and she eyed up the nearest exit.
“Robyn,” he finally murmured. “Robyn Taylor.”
A flush of heat worked its way up her neck, along with shock that he knew who she was. Jack Fletcher knew who mousey, head-in-a-book Robyn Taylor was? She dredged up the smile she used when she was being polite. Hopefully in the dim light he wouldn’t notice she was in the throes of a full-on attack of good old fashioned embarrassment. “Hi, Jack,” she said.
“Robyn Taylor,” he murmured again, saying it as if it were exotic and amazing. There was a time she’d practiced saying her name, too, though it generally had ‘doctor’ attached to it. Dr Taylor. Dr Robyn Taylor. Robyn Taylor, Medical Doctor.
“I’m surprised you even know my name,” she told him truthfully. 
His mouth widened. “I remember you. You were the principal's daughter, one of the smartest kids at the school. You and your sister. Was it you who won the scholarship to med school?” His gaze wandered over her waitress uniform again, in time with the heat now rising even further up over her face. “Or was that Kelly?”
She managed a tight smile. “Nope. That was me.” If she didn’t get out of here soon, she’d need medical attention to deal to the scorching of her skin. Embarrassment? Try humiliation. “I need to get back inside.” 
“Wait.” He reached out, his hand firm on her bare arm, his fingers warm. 
She looked back, into his eyes, not sure what to expect. She and Jack Fletcher had never been acquaintances, let alone friends. They ran at opposite ends of the social spectrum and his last year at high school had been her first. Although from what she'd heard, he’d rarely stepped foot inside a classroom anyway. 
“What time do you get off?” 
“I have to go.” She beckoned inside. “I need to help clear entrées and my break is over.”
He dropped her arm. “Of course.”
The imprint of his fingers was still warm on her arm. So was the hum of attraction zipping through her body, but then, there was a lot about Jack Fletcher to be attracted to. His building business had made him a very wealthy man and the media had lapped him up. The public loved a 'small town boy made good' story, especially when you added in six foot three of lean, muscular male that wouldn't look out of place on the cover of Esquire.
She paused a moment. “It is weird bumping into you.” In the years she’d lived in Auckland, she’d never crossed paths with anyone from Kopane, let alone Jack Fletcher, and she doubted it would ever happen again anytime soon. “I’ve followed your career in the papers, your success with your company. It’s been amazing.” Amazing pretty much summed it up. Jack Fletcher had been destined for a life as a career criminal, but instead he’d gained a reputation as one of Auckland's most successful businessmen with the rumoured fortune to match.
“Amazing, huh? That's a polite way of putting it. Not ‘shocking’ or 'unbelievable'.” He said it without any trace of sarcasm as he shoved his hands in the pockets of his dark, tailored trousers. “But then, when I look back, I’m as surprised as anyone I didn’t end up where most of my old crowd did. It goes to show someone must've been looking out for me.” For a long moment he looked at her, intrigue written across the near black of his eyes. Then he gave a nod before he walked back inside. He didn’t turn back.
Robyn let out a long, long breath and when all that remained was the faint trace of his expensive scent, she turned towards the staff entrance.
There'd been intrigue on his face, yes, but there'd been something else. An unsettled look that said he wished he didn’t have to go back inside but could just stay here beneath a cloudy sky with a waitress he barely knew. Which was crazy. Jack Fletcher had it all. Even a relationship with one of the most beautiful women in the city.
All Robyn would do was remind him of the life he’d once had.
And he probably needed that as much as he needed the prison cell the entire town had bet he was destined for.

***
The night would be drawing to a close soon, and for Jack it couldn’t come soon enough. Alongside him, the wife of the President of the Chamber of Commerce placed her perfectly manicured hand on his arm. He glanced down. Her nails were red. Her hands overly tanned. She pressed hard. “Do you think,” she slurred, “a woman should wear long hair when she’s over forty, Jack?” She reached for a bottle of chardonnay and flicked her blonde hair back over her shoulder.
“Marilyn, it’s not something I’ve ever given any thought to.” Out of the corner of his eye a figure walked by, and with a jolt, he saw it was Robyn. She was still here. Smart, determined, med-school bound Robyn. Clearing wine flutes and empty chardonnay bottles. It made no sense at all. He sat back in his chair, tapped his fingers on the table, and scrutinized her. 
She was what he'd always thought of as ‘nice’. Right now she wore the uniform of black trousers, a white shirt and a black bow tie. She was nice looking, but in an understated way. From memory, she’d never been one of the into-their-looks girls, the kind who made no pretence they wanted a bit of bad boy on the side. He’d figured Robyn was the type to run a mile if you offered to take her up on it anyway. He'd barely ever spoken to her but everyone knew who the Taylor girls were. Kopane was a small town. A third of its population relied on welfare benefits, and with little opportunity to get off them, girls like Robyn and Kelly—girls with dreams and ambition—had stood out. 
Marilyn said, “Where’s your girlfriend tonight, Jack?” 
Charlotte. He reached for the wine. “She couldn't make it.” 
“How did it go for her in Hollywood?”
He hesitated. “It didn’t.” He took a long gulp, barely refraining from throwing the whole lot down his throat in disgust.
“Is she going to stay with modelling?”
His gaze was drawn to Robyn as she cleared a table. What had happened to her plans of becoming a doctor? He set his glass down. “I’m not sure what Charlotte has planned.” He filled a tumbler with iced water and watched Robyn move closer, pausing to speak to a guest. “Her career is up in the air.”
“She should stick to modelling with a body like that.”
“Modelling isn’t forever.” He knew that because Charlotte had told him. Over and over and over. Her looks would only last so long and then, where would she be? Her need for approval, her insecurities, had begun to drive a wedge between them when he’d grown tired of giving her what she demanded.
He frowned. Was that what had driven her to...
Robyn stopped a few tables over to clear wine bottles, and he pushed himself up from his seat, grateful for an excuse to end this conversation. “Marilyn, please excuse me a moment. There’s someone I need to catch up with.”
He moved away from the table. Robyn had several bottles upright on her tray, added one more, turned and began to walk in his direction.
She looked up and saw him, froze, faltered. A bottle wobbled and she quickly steadied it with her free hand. Jack stopped to let a drunken CEO stagger between them, then moved closer. “I wasn't sure you'd still be here,” he said.
She took another empty bottle from the table, placed it on the tray. Her eyes didn't meet his. “I've got a few more hours to go yet.”
He glanced at his watch. It had gone ten. His gaze skimmed her left hand; there was no sign of a wedding ring.
Impulsively he said, “Why don’t you join me when you knock off tonight? We’ll have a drink. For old time’s sake.” 
There was a flash across her face as if she was thinking “what old times?” and, to be fair, it would have been accurate. 
“Thanks, but... I need to get home as soon as I finish up here.” She half turned. For a moment she hesitated. “Jack, it was nice seeing you.”
“Robyn, wait.” He didn’t want her to go. For whatever reason, he wanted to talk to her. See what was happening in her life. Take his mind off the drama his own was becoming. Maybe because talking with someone from his old home town would remind him that there were a lot worse things in life than Charlotte’s bombshell. 
“Why don't I drop you home when you finish? Unless you've brought your car?”
“No. I had a lift from a colleague.” She took another empty bottle from the table. “Jack.” She concentrated intently on it for a moment. “I’m not sure why it is you’ve come over to see me. We barely knew each other, it was a long time ago and I honestly had no idea you even knew who I was.” 
“Of course I know who you are.” He shoved his hands in his pockets, and found himself grinning. Something he hadn't felt much like doing all evening. “It looks like we’ve got a lot to talk about.”
She glanced in the direction of the kitchen. “I have to go.”
He followed her gaze and realized, of course, it would be chaos behind the scenes with a function this size. “I understand. But the offer still stands, even if it's just a lift home. I've got my car and I've had only one glass of wine so I'm safe to drive.”
She acknowledged his offer with a brief smile. “Thanks, Jack. I’ll think about it.” She turned, the tray loaded with glasses and bottles balanced on one palm. 
He didn't move as he watched her retreat, willed her to look around, to at least give him a clue she might take him up on his offer, but she didn’t. Seconds later she disappeared from sight. 
For a moment, loneliness punched him in the gut.
Loneliness. That was insane. He ran his own company, he was rich beyond anything he could ever have dreamt of. He was a success story. And right now he was as lonely as he'd ever been in his life.
The noise of the function, the glamour, the music of the jazz band, the guests enjoying themselves on expensive wine, dimmed around him until it became just white noise and he unwillingly thought of his family. His three brothers, his sister. His mother.
And his father.
The last time he'd seen him, Ron Fletcher had told his youngest son he was still the worthless piece of crap he’d been as a kid. 
There were times, if he allowed it, that Jack wondered if maybe his father had been right after all.

***
Robyn got off work an hour early, but the colleague who had given her a lift was still working.
It gave her a few options. She could either wait for a bus to the city and catch a connecting fare. Or she could sit in her workmate’s car and wait for her. Or she could find Jack Fletcher, and see if his offer still stood.
You've got nothing to lose and he did ask, she reminded herself, as she discreetly made her way to his table. Nerves jumped in her chest as she approached him. 
He was leaning back in his chair, conversation going on around him; but even as she watched, he checked his wrist watch, then his phone, and drummed his fingers on the table. He glanced up as she stopped just short of his chair.  
He observed the coat in her hand and the bag over her shoulder, gave her a quick nod before he grabbed his jacket from the back of the chair and excused himself from the table.
“Are you still sure this is okay?” They walked through the foyer but her mind was back on his table. She recognized some of the people he’d been with; they were all high-powered and rich and why he would want to spend time with her instead of them had her perplexed.
“I’m positive.” He gestured to the eastern side of the car park and as they walked she told him, “The thing is, I live over the other side of the bridge, near Lynfield. It’s a little out of your way.”
He laughed. “It’s a lot out of my way but it’s not a problem. You could live at the end of the motorway and the offer would still stand. And in a way, you know, you’re doing me a favour. I made a mistake coming here tonight.”
He pulled keys out of his jacket pocket and aimed the remote at a gleaming European car. “Except for running into you. You saved me.”


CHAPTER TWO


She’d saved him?
She frowned at what he’d said, and inside the cab, she fastened her seatbelt and asked, “And what was I saving you from?” 
He pulled out of the car park and when they were on the main road, heading towards the motorway, he said, “Business talk. A lot of folk see these things as a way to catch up and network.” His face was inscrutable but he said the word with a shudder, which made sense now she thought of it. A lot about Jack suggested he was a loner. There had never been any one girl he’d been linked to at Kopane; no gang of mates he’d hung around with that she could remember. Even now, there were only a few names that cropped up in association with him, including his mysteriously absent girlfriend, Charlotte. 
She glanced sideways at him; he was focused on driving, staring through the windscreen as he increased speed to join the northern motorway heading towards Auckland city. His black hair easily grazed the collar of his jacket, one hand now rested on his thigh. She stared at his hand splayed out across the fabric of his pants, fabric that was pulled tight across lean, muscular thighs. She wrenched her gaze away and looked out the window. It was so easy to picture him when he'd been just out of his teens. His black hair had flowed past his shoulders; a leather jacket covered his upper body. He'd been the tallest of his brothers, and had stood out for his athletic build as much as his looks. Girls were in awe of him and she suspected most of the boys were just plain jealous, which probably explained why the rumours had never let up. Even so, the fact he'd been thrown in detention at school on a regular basis and was rumoured to have fathered several children by the age of twenty was overlooked when he rumbled through town on his bike. 
The silence in the car was suddenly stifling, and she racked her brain to remember what they’d been talking about. Events. Networking. That’s right.
She cleared her throat. “So you’re not into the idea of networking?”
He shrugged. “I see these events about supporting a cause. I have a small circle of friends. I prefer to keep it that way.”
Again her mind flicked back to Charlotte. The empty seat had caused plenty of wild speculation among Robyn’s workmates as to why she hadn't been there when her name had been on the guest list.
He signalled to change lanes. “Do you normally get a lift home from work with a colleague?”
“Most times. She lives not far from me and we split the cost of petrol. There’s another event centre closer to home we work at more often.”
“You don't drive, then?”
“I do. But I don't have a car at the moment. I borrow my neighbour’s van if I need to get around. It works out.”
It had begun to drizzle, and he switched on the wipers and after a moment asked, “Is there anyone waiting for you at home?”
“My children and the babysitter.”
He glanced sideways at her and she sensed the surprise. Robyn Taylor had children? 
“So you’re a mum,” he murmured finally. “Children, not a child?” 
 “James and Ruby. They’re twins, nearly five.”
The drizzle increased and he upped the speed on the wipers. “And their father?” His voice was cautious. “If you don't mind me asking.”
She didn't mind — not really. She'd have asked the same thing of him. “We're divorced.” Although any thoughts to do with Edwin always made her chest constrict and she took a deep breath against the annoying feeling. “The marriage only lasted a few years and he doesn’t see the twins often.”
She felt Jack give her a long searching look before he moved his concentration back to the road. “That must be hard on you.”
“I guess it is.” She'd never dwelt on the difficulties, not now she had a plan. She just tried to make the most of it. “But it’s what I know, raising them on my own. Though I might not say that when they hit their teens.”
“I imagine your parents are proud. From what I recall about them, they'd be typical doting grandparents.”
Robyn tightened her grip on her bag, focused on the water being swished off the windscreen by the wipers. “Actually, they don't see the twins often. They retired to the Gold Coast.”
“I hadn't heard that. How about Kelly?”
She flexed her hands before they cramped. “My sister moved over there last year, when she married. My parents decided to follow her.”
He scratched his chin but didn't comment. Didn't say out loud what he was probably thinking. That they preferred to be with Kelly. 
“So I guess she has children, too?”
Robyn looked out the side window, pressed her lips together so hard they almost hurt. “No.”
He looked at her, then away. “Your dad taught at that school for — what, fifteen years?”
“Longer than that, actually.” He signalled to change lanes and overtook a truck with a trailer. “Dad took up the principal's job when I was five. He resigned a year ago.”
“That's a long time to stay in one job.”
“True. But Mum loved it in Kopane. She loved the house and the size of the garden, and she'd put so much work into making it look just how she wanted it to be.”
“I remember your house,” he mused. “It made me think of a house in one of those cheesy movies, with the big front yard, and the veranda with the BBQ and the wooden seats. I always liked it.”
“You liked it?”
“Yeah.” His forehead furrowed. “Why so surprised?”
“Because your new place is nothing like the house at Kopane. I read the feature in ‘Home and Garden’ last year and the two couldn't be more different. Your place is so contemporary and sleek.” She tried to recall what the journalist had called it. There'd been dozens of superlatives. 
“I believe ‘stark’ was the word du jour.”
“Yes,” she said remembering, “but in a good way. And the photography was so amazing I wondered what it—” She pulled up short. She'd actually wondered what it would have been like to have walked through the house herself. To have stood looking out over those stunning million dollar views. To have lived in a house the complete opposite of her own chaotic, falling-apart little place.
He prodded, “You wondered what?”
She turned to him. “I wondered how those pictures compared to the real thing.”
“How they compared?” His eyebrows drew together. “Are you saying you think they were jazzed up?”
“Hmm, that's a thought. Airbrushed kitchens and views. I mean, why not? They do it with food and people.”
He shook his head, a wry grin on his face. “Well, any time you want to come over and have the grand tour, you're welcome. I'll even throw in a coffee. I do a pretty good flat white.”
He drummed his fingers on the steering wheel. “In fact.” He beckoned ahead. “The turn off to Takapuna is next.” The overhead sign announced the exit a kilometre away. “Why don't you come and take a look now?”
She narrowed her gaze. Was he serious? “Right now?”
“Why not? It's not far, and you're already over this side of the bridge. Seems like good timing to me.”
She tapped her fingers on her thigh. She wanted to see his house. Who wouldn’t after the write-up the journalist had given it? It had probably been a fawning female journalist, but the pictures had apparently not lied — so Jack said.
He beckoned to the approaching off-ramp. 
“Are you sure?” she said. “I mean, it's going to add more time on to your evening to drop me off home afterwards.” The clock on the dash said it had already gone eleven, although she wasn’t tired. She was strangely alert. But even so. He was a man in a relationship with a top model, inviting a woman — a waitress — he barely knew, into his house. As innocent as it was, it seemed a risky thing to do. Especially with his profile.
He signalled to change lanes and the hum of the tyres changed as they sped down the off-ramp.
“Robyn, I'm sure. I'll be happy to show you around.”
***

The property was at the end of an exclusive cul-de-sac, on a cliff top overlooking the Hauraki Gulf. 
The rain had stopped; Jack parked the car outside the garage and they walked to the front door. Robyn looked up at the house, a dark three-storied, architecturally-designed building. It was imposing in the dark, more so with the strategically placed lights.
He opened the wide doors into an impressive foyer, and stood back, gesturing for her to step through. 
She walked on gleaming polished floors and he said, “I'll show you the kitchen first, and check I actually have some coffee. Decaf at this time of night?”
“Actually, normal is fine.” She had a ton of work to do when she got home and anything to make sure she stayed awake was a bonus.
He led her through a hall and a living area towards a huge open plan kitchen. Lights switched on as they walked through, and she glanced around as she followed.
“Well, it looks like you were right,” she said. “It’s even better than the photos.”
The decor was contemporary and noticeably masculine with its neutral tones. They passed leather settees and metal coffee tables, and then they were in the kitchen with granite countertops and stainless steel appliances.
“I had the place designed to suit me. With some input from my housekeeper.” He checked the fridge. “Mrs Parker worked with me at my last house and was happy to stay when I moved. She spends more time here than I do, anyway.” He gestured back out the way they’d come. “Come on. I’ll give you the tour, then the coffee.”
There was a bathroom, guest bedroom and study on the ground floor, along with a small gym, and a second lounge.
“I never actually use it,” he admitted, as the light switched off behind them. 
They walked up the wide stairs to the next floor with three bedrooms, each with a stunning ensuite and night time views that no photographer would manage to convey. 
They stepped right inside the middle room. The walls facing the gulf were almost ceiling to floor glass. Outside it was dark, punctuated by lights and the glimmer of water from the harbour. 
Jack slid back the bolt on the door, and they stepped outside onto a wide balcony. The air was cool and damp, a slight mist surrounding them. Romantic, Robyn thought. 
“These rooms were built for the morning light.” A sudden breeze whirled past them, flipping loose strands of hair around her cheeks. They moved up to the railing and stared out to the sea. Lights on the ground below lit up a paved and landscaped yard, and just beyond it, the cliff led down to the beach.
Robyn spotted twinkling lights through the trees and realized just how isolated they were. “In the daylight, you wouldn't even be able to see your neighbours, would you?”
He nodded. “I planned it that way.”
He led her up to the next floor. It was smaller, and included his bedroom. The door was open and he gestured for her to step inside. She took a quick look. It seemed intrusive to go in too far but she noted the room fitted the house; stark and masculine. No cases of books or photos hanging on the walls. Just a huge bed, bedside tables and doors leading to a wardrobe and ensuite.
She stared at the navy and black cover on the bed. Had Charlotte ever come up here? Did she stay over? Surely she did. Were her things in the bathroom? Her toothbrush, her makeup, a robe?
“I think it’s a beautiful house,” she said.
“Well, thank you. I like it. But it is crazy for one person.” He followed her out through the door and on to the landing. He gestured down the stairs. “Come on. I'll make you that drink.”


Jack made coffee. He set her cup on the breakfast bar, a cup boasting a generous amount of froth, and grinned apologetically. “It's a bit more cappuccino than flat white. I'm out of practice.”
She pulled it closer and inhaled the scent. “It's perfect.”
He took the seat across from her, and set his phone in front of him. 
Her watch told her it was eleven thirty.
She took a sip of the coffee. “Are you expecting a call this late?”
He pressed his lips together. “I hope not.” 
She took another sip and as she set the cup back down on the counter, she felt him watching her, studying her. He was going to ask her why she hadn’t become a doctor. She could feel it.
She glanced around his kitchen and the family room to find something to comment on, some piece of art or a photograph, or anything. Her gaze landed on the leather couch. That had to boast some sort of design significance, surely, to take his mind off —
“Are you going to tell me what happened?” he asked.
She focused on her cup. “Sorry? What happened about what?”
“With you. Your career as a doctor. That scholarship.”
“Ah, that.” It still felt as if it had happened to another person. The determination to be an A student, the prestige of the scholarship, seeing her parents so happy and proud of her, starting university, loving it. 
Then her dream shattering. Her parents’ disappointment. Her sister's criticism.
Not to mention her own feelings of abject failure.
She took the teaspoon and spooned out some froth. Reluctantly, she said, “Life happened.” She was about to say more, but stopped. Jack's life was far more interesting a topic of conversation. She put the spoon in her mouth, noted Jack’s gaze had followed and settled on her hand. Then her mouth. She swallowed the froth; he reached for his coffee and cleared his throat.
“Obviously not 'good' life,” he commented. 
Her face heated. She put the spoon down. “There were timing issues. Circumstances. Some personal problems.”
Personal problems. That was putting it mildly.
He drummed his fingers on the counter top. “Don't tell me if you don't want to. I admit I'm curious but it's your business.” He shrugged. “I’m just making conversation.”
Like heck he was. The curiosity was coming off him in waves.
She mustered a fake-confident smile. “There's not a lot to it, really. I finished school, came down to Auckland. Did pre-med, got into med school and was there for three years.” She hesitated. Stick to something vague. “It just didn't work out for me.”
His gaze softened in to something like sympathy and she wondered if he thought she'd just cracked up, couldn't handle the workload, or the pressure of the competition to succeed. She wouldn't have been the first. Please let him think that — because it beat the alternative. That she'd been a fool.
“Best laid plans, huh?” he murmured.
“Pretty much,” she agreed.
His phone began to vibrate, and without thinking, she glanced at the screen sitting between them.
The name was clear. Brad.
Brad Randell? He was a former All Black, and from what the media had portrayed, he and Jack were good friends. One of that tight circle.
Jack reached for the phone, and she waited for him to take the call. 
Instead, he dismissed it.
She glanced up with a frown. “Jack, I don’t—” She was about to tell him she didn’t mind if he took it, when she saw his face.
Anger had darkened his eyes, and his mouth had firmed into a hard, straight line. 
Frustration poured off him and he suddenly pushed himself away from the counter.
“Robyn, I'm sorry.” He grabbed the phone, clenched his fist around it so tight she thought it would snap. “Please excuse me a moment.”
Without waiting for her reply, he left. Stunned, Robyn turned to see him disappear out of the room, the sound of his footsteps dimming, a door slamming.
What on earth had happened? She turned back and frowned at the place where the phone had been.
It clearly had something to do with his friend, Brad. 
Only friends didn’t normally get a call, then act like they wanted to take the phone and smash it against the wall.


CHAPTER THREE


Jack splashed water on his face, and wished it were ice cold.
He splashed more, reached for the hand towel and buried his face in it.
Nausea sat in his stomach. Nausea. Anger. Disappointment. Disgust.
He leant forward to rest his forehead against the cool glass of the mirror and closed his eyes.
He did not need that phone call to confirm what Charlotte had told him that evening. She had texted him and told him that Brad would call. 
The bastard. 
The phone suddenly went again; this time it was a text message. 
Jack jerked away from the mirror, rubbed his fist across his forehead hard to ease the tension, and before he could change his mind, checked the text. 
Yeah. It was from Brad.
He opened it to find one word.
Sorry. 
So that was it. The confirmation he hadn't needed.
For a moment he stood still.
Back in the lounge Robyn Taylor was undoubtedly wondering what the heck she'd said or done, or what kind of lunatic he'd become. She was his guest and he was meant to be dropping her off home. Instead he'd walked out on her.
Oh, man. He shut his eyes against the wave of anger ripping through him. At the nerve Brad had to call him. 
He flexed then curled his fingers. He couldn't drive Robyn home like this. He wasn't in any state to be behind the wheel of a vehicle right now.  
He shut the bathroom door behind him, thought hard. 
He didn't trust himself to drive safely; he'd call Robyn a cab. 
He began to walk down the hall, his shoes thudding on the floorboards. Problem solved. 
Just as quickly, he stopped in his tracks.
A cab. Like that would help the situation. If word had gotten out about Charlotte, then this would be one of the first places any hack reporter would camp out. And more to the point, he didn't trust any cab driver not to tip off the news sites. There were a couple of competitive journalists who in recent times had shown just how desperate they were to get the best scoop on a story. The more salacious the better.
He walked slowly back, stopped in the doorway and for a moment, just watched Robyn. 
She was tapping her fingers on the counter top, her back to him, her nails clicking the only sound in the eerie silence. He wasn't used to the silence. Mrs Parker listened to talkback radio, and at times he liked to play metal at high volume. A throwback from his teen days when he'd taken refuge in music and occasionally still did. Charlotte, of course, hated it. But then, he had never made this home hers, had never done anything to encourage that. 
He began to walk towards Robyn, and at the thud of his shoes, she spun round, the ponytail flicking.
“Are you okay?” She threw him a sharp look, concern flashing in her eyes.  
“Yeah. I'm good. Look, I'm sorry about leaving like that.”
She scrutinized him, and said, “You don't look great.”
So the mirror hadn't lied. 
He pulled up the barstool next to her, about to sit down when he changed his mind. He was jittery. The kind of jittery that made him want to head to his gym and take it all out on a punching bag.
Which only confirmed he was in no state to drive half way across town. 
“Listen, Robyn. Something has come up, and you're right. I'm not so great at the moment. It won't be a good idea for me to drive you home.”
Her eyebrows shot up, and he went on, “But I have a Plan B. You drive my car to your place, and I'll come over in the morning and pick it up.”
Was it possible her eyebrows had arched even higher? “Me?” she squeaked. “Drive your car? The one we came here in?”
He found himself smiling, despite the churning in his stomach. “Not necessarily that one. I have several.” He rubbed his thumb across his chin. “Though that’s probably the best one to take this late at night.”
Now her eyebrows drew together and she eyed him with suspicion. “Wouldn't it just be easier if I took a cab home? Save you having to come all the way over on a Sunday morning?”  
“Yeah. It would be easier.” His eyes met hers without wavering. “But there are reasons I don't want you in a cab tonight.”
He could go into details, tell her the whole thing. She'd understand. Or think he was paranoid crazy. He hesitated. No. No elaboration, not just yet. It had all been too much of a shock and the less she knew, the less anyone knew, the better. 
She stared directly at him. “I take it this is something to do with that phone call from Brad?”
He stilled. “I hadn't realized you'd seen that.”
“For a small phone, those screens are pretty big.”
Not much he could do about it now. “Then, yeah, it is to do with Brad.” Sorry. One word that just confirmed everything Charlotte had told him. The urge to head to his gym had just gotten stronger. 
“Look, Robyn, I'll drive if you're not keen on it and I wouldn't blame you. I invited you here and I promised to get you back home safely.”
She shook her head. “I've become a real night owl the past few months and I'm a good driver. And to be honest, I wouldn't trust you to drive me anywhere right now. You look like a caged leopard ready to pounce.”
A caged leopard. An astute analogy.
A smile curled her lips, light creases formed around her mouth. “And I can't say I hate the idea of driving home in that car. The last thing I drove was my neighbour's twenty year old van.” 
He let out a relieved breath. “You're really okay with this?”
“I am. And you know, if I was still at work and had my own car, I'd be driving home later than this.” She paused. “Though this is a lot more work for you tomorrow. A cab would be the easier option.”
“It would. And I hate to trot out a cliché—”
 “Don't let me stop you.”
The teasing note in her voice made the breath catch in his throat and at the same time the load on his chest eased a fraction. “It's complicated.”
She grinned. “Hmmm. You weren't kidding about the cliché.”
Her smile was so captivating he felt like smiling back, trying to forget that this time tomorrow his world might be a different place. 
Seeing her smile, the way it brightened her face, a face which had been serious the entire night, lightened his own mood even further. Robyn Taylor had been a serious teenager. He'd never thought of her as having fun. Now, she was transformed and for a moment he allowed himself to be mesmerized. By her dark eyes, the wide curve of her mouth, the smile lines around her eyes. 
She cleared her throat suddenly; he realized he'd been staring. She took the last sip of her coffee and stood up from her seat. “If I'm going to drive,” she said, “I better get started.”
He was sorry to see her go, so much so it was tempting to say, ‘Stay. Stay here with me tonight. I'd rather not be alone.’
But she had a family to get home to. She had her own life.
And for better or worse, he had a life, too. 
He stood up. “Come on. I'll give you the crash course.” 


It took only seconds for Jack to explain to Robyn the automatic gears, lights and windscreen wipers, and then she was on her way, leaving behind the affluence of Takapuna as she headed across the bridge to her own suburb. The roads were near empty, the rain held off and, as she stopped by her house, she was sorry it was over. She carefully pulled up the handbrake and let the engine idle a few seconds as she ran her hand over the dash. It was so smooth to drive, so effortless. 
She switched off the ignition, grabbed her coat and bag, climbed out and aimed the remote at the car.
Inside her house, she chained the front door, and trod past her babysitter, Harriet, snoring on the couch. She kicked off her shoes, put the kettle on to boil and went to check the twins.
She stood in the doorway of the room and watched as they slept. 
Their black hair was tousled, their cheeks flushed. Ruby’s pink fleece blanket lay on top of her, one fist clutching it even in her sleep. In the next bed, James lay buried under his quilt, a row of trucks lined up on the floor under his bed.
Her babies.
It was so hard to believe she was a mother. So hard to believe they'd be turning five years old in a few months’ time and heading off to school.
Looking back she amazed herself that she’d survived divorce, the Terrible Twos, potty training and teething, all on her own.
But she had.
She went through to her own bedroom across the hall. Although, she mused as she flicked on the light and looked around, this hadn’t been just a bedroom for months. Her single bed was pushed against one wall, and her set of drawers now took up space in the hallway.
The rest of her room had been taken over completely by her children’s clothing business: ‘James and Ruby’. Or rather, her fledgling clothing business. She switched on the lamp over the sewing table. In the middle of the room a trestle was laden with fabrics and patterns, and the walls were pinned with swatches and drawings. 
She stepped around it to the huge planner tacked to the wall and stared at the date circled in bold red. The fashion trade show at the exhibition centre was due to kick off in eight weeks. She'd registered a stall to exhibit her collection, had been working all the hours she could to refine it, all with the aim of impressing buyers into stocking her range. To have her clothes on sale in department stores and boutiques across New Zealand was her goal. And maybe Australia, and maybe beyond that, and if that happened? Anticipation wound up her spine.
At this stage, it was her plan but it was still just a dream. She'd been selling the clothes at Saturday morning markets and fairs for the past eighteen months; it had been a conscious decision to take something she’d liked doing, and try and make extra cash out of it. Then her friend Sage had suggested the clothes were good enough to be in stores, and Robyn had begun to take it seriously.
She needed this so she could provide for her family. So she could in some way atone for the hash she'd made of her life.
Last year, Kelly had told her she was wasting her time and that she should stick to hawking clothes at markets and school fairs. Her mother had echoed those thoughts but a little more politely. 
To them, sewing had been just her nice little hobby.  Making cute clothes for the twins, and sometimes for herself, too.
And maybe, a pessimistic voice chirped, they were right. Maybe they were both right. But you have to try. Because clearing plates and dealing with drunk patrons was not how she wanted to support herself and her children for the rest of her life.
Robyn pushed aside the memory of Kelly's words, and went through to the small bathroom. She turned on the shower, and slipped out of her work clothes. The room was cramped and shabby. It needed work — a lot of work — but the rent was too cheap to turn down. Her landlord had grand plans to knock down her house and put up townhouses. He was just biding his time until the market was right, and in the meantime, it suited him to have the place rented out. Robyn stepped into the bathtub to stand under the hot water, and breathed a sigh of pleasure; washing the smell of sweat, liquor and food out of her hair and skin.
She squirted shampoo on to her palm and for a moment she thought of Jack. She’d probably wake up tomorrow morning and figure it was all a dream. Until she looked out the window and saw his car. Nothing much about the evening had felt real.
Her mind settled on the image of him as he'd taken that phone call from Brad. He'd been angry, so furious, and anger issues were never something Jack Fletcher had been known for — unlike some of his siblings. What on earth had happened? Did it have something to do with Charlotte?
Not your business, Robyn, so focus on something that does matter.
She squeezed her eyes shut as she let the water stream through her hair and down her body, and pushed the oh-so-tempting thoughts of Jack Fletcher aside.


CHAPTER FOUR


Robyn snapped awake to find James driving his cars over her legs and Ruby on the floor with her pink blanket draped across her knees. Masses of pink fabric covered the fleece in a haphazard pattern and Robyn bit back a frustrated groan at the mess. It was the last thing she needed. 
“Morning James, morning Rubes.” 
She was about to tell Ruby off when she stared. Actually, that pink-on-pink look wasn’t too bad. In fact, it looked good. Really good. 
She said, “Ruby, don’t move.”
Robyn shot out of bed, scrabbled around her bag for her phone and came back. She aimed it at the blanket and snapped. 
A jacket. A cute little jacket with multiple shades of pink. And an off-white trim. Or maybe a cape. A fleece cape for winter. Robyn's pulse began to race. With a dark pink base and pale pinks. The way Ruby draped her pink fleece around her, she’d love a cape. 
Even so. “Ruby?” Robyn used her stern voice and Ruby looked up at her.
“What did I say about playing with all the material and how you were only to play with the material I gave you in your own basket? What did I say about that, Ruby?”
Ruby picked up her blankie. “Harry’s asleep in the lounge.”
“That is not what I said.” Robyn stretched. “And don’t you know it. Come on, let’s go and make some toast and we’ll see if Harry’s only pretending to be asleep.” She ruffled James’ hair. “You coming?”
“Vroom,” James growled as he gathered up his trucks. 
They went down the small hall to the living area and as she began to make coffee, Robyn checked out the window to make sure Jack's car was still there.
James shot past and over to Harriet on the couch.
“Harry’s still here,” he yelled.
Harriet grunted, and pulled the duvet around her. James ran his cars over and around her. “Vroom, vroom,” he growled. “Harry’s a mountain. Harry’s a ‘cano.”
“I wouldn’t touch her hair or volcano Harry might explode,” Robyn warned.
“Vroom.” James drove his truck over her hair, Robyn winced, and Harriet screeched. “Jamie. Oh my gosh, stop it, stop it!” She struggled up on to her elbows and made an attempt at extricating the truck from her hair. “You are in such big trouble, mister — if I ever get out of this mess.” She angled to try and see where the wheels of the truck were snagged. 
“Let me have a go at it,” Robyn offered.
“No way,” Harry protested. “If you are anything like my mother, you will only inflict agony on me.” She felt around her head. “I will do it myself. No offence intended.”
“None taken,” Robyn murmured. Movement outside suddenly caught her eye and she went over to look out the window. Her eyes widened. Jack was walking up the drive. Jack? Here already. It had only just gone eight. He stopped by the carport and glanced at his car. Then he turned towards the house.
“Mummy? I'm hungry.”
 Ruby tugged at Robyn’s pyjamas. “I want toast. Can we have toast?”
“Sure, Ruby.” Robyn’s heart was thumping, then nearly stopped altogether.
For the love of…  She was still in her pyjamas.
She ran to her room, dragged jeans and a T-shirt on, and in the bathroom brushed her teeth and combed her hair. 
She pulled her hair back into a ponytail and reached the lounge just as three knocks sounded on the door. Ruby was already walking towards it and announced, “I can open the door.” 
Robyn beat her to it, unchained the door and opened it.
Early morning sun streamed in from behind Jack as he stood on the porch, hands in his jean pockets in a pose that brought back the memories of bad-boy Jack in a flash and made her slightly breathless.
“Are you okay?” he frowned.
“Yes. Of course.” Heat rushed to her cheeks. “Fine. Hi.”
His gaze scanned her from her bare feet to her worn jeans, to the T-shirt with a fox cartoon splashed across the front. It lingered the barest moment on the caricature. 
She stood aside. “Come on in.”
As he walked past, she poked her head out the door. Her neighbours would be having heart failure seeing a man at her place so early. Seeing a man, full stop, in fact. Fortunately the ones at the back would be sleeping off last night, and the ones at the front probably never even made it home from last night. 
She closed the door behind her and took a deep breath. “We haven't been up long. I wasn’t expecting you this early.”
“You weren’t? I figured with small children you’d have been up for hours.” His gaze flicked warily over to where Ruby and James now sat on the floor, staring blatantly at him. He lifted his hand and waved hesitantly at them, and they stared silently back.
She introduced them. “Jack, this is Ruby and James.”
He looked from one to the other. “They’re the same size.”
“They’re twins. I'm pretty sure I mentioned that last night.” 
“Of course, I remember.” A smile tugged at his mouth, no doubt amused by the note of censure she hadn't managed to keep out of her voice. “They look like you.” 
“They are definitely Taylors.” She gestured to the couch. “And that is Harriet, my babysitter. Her mum, Sage, lives next door.”
Harriet, she noticed, appeared to have dozed off again. 
“It looks,” he said, “as if Harriet had a tough night.”
Her hair was a mess but there was no sign of the car attached to it.
“Too much microwave popcorn and social media probably.”
“The kids of today.” He changed his position and it brought him closer to her so that she could smell the masculine scent of him that made her think of walking into an expensive menswear shop. And the nearness of him that made her feel protected. She frowned. That was odd. She didn't need protecting. If anything, she was determined to prove she could be a mother and a businesswoman all on her own and she didn't need anyone to help her. It was probably his height. 
His eyebrows suddenly arched in question, and she realized she had moved inadvertently closer into his space. She pushed back her shoulders. “So you're here to get your car?”
“I am.” His chin lifted a fraction and he glanced towards her kitchen. “Can I smell coffee?” 
“You can. It’s only instant. I’ll make you one if you like.”
She thought of his kitchen bench with the machine and his freshly ground beans, and the coffee he’d made her, and how lovely it had been. 
“Instant sounds pretty good to me.” 
She gestured to the empty chair facing the sofa. “Take a seat, and please excuse the toys, the Lego and everything.” She winced as he bypassed a crate of farm animals and side stepped a truck with Lego scattered around the floor.
He took the seat then promptly sprang up. Reaching down, he pulled out a metal crane.
She hastily retreated to the kitchen, spooned coffee into cups and called out, “Will you have milk and sugar?”
“Black.” He looked around her living room some more, and finally focused on the pile of fashion magazines on the coffee table. 
Robyn brought the cup over to him, as a couple of raps sounded from the front door. It swung wide open, and Sage stalked through with a bag of groceries. Her blonde hair was braided in two plaits and her eyes narrowed as she accused, “Who owns that gas guzzling monstrosity in your—”
She stopped dead in her tracks as she stared at Jack. Her jaw dropped.
“What the — isn’t that —” Her eyes were so wide she looked uncannily like an owl. “Is that car his?” She turned back to Robyn, and Robyn could see cogs start to whir. “Did he stay the—”
Robyn gave Jack a frazzled look, his eyebrows arched in amusement, and she said, “Back in a sec.” She hooked her arm in Sage’s and led her down to her bedroom. She shut the door behind them.
 “Before you jump to any conclusions,” she said, “whatever you're thinking is most likely wrong. Really, really wrong.”
“Who's thinking anything when it’s in front of me in black and white?” Sage’s eyes flashed with approval. She held out her hand and counted on her fingers. “Jack Fletcher. Sunday morning. On your couch. A posh car up your drive. It is Jack Fletcher, isn't it?”
“Yeah.” Robyn rubbed a sudden tension across her nape. “It's him.”
“Jack Fletcher.” Sage suddenly frowned then eyed her critically. 
“What is that look?” Robyn said with suspicion.
Sage scrabbled around in her bag, flung out bread, milk, apples, and pulled out the Sunday newspaper. She spread it out on Robyn’s bed. “Have you been online this morning?”
“As if. I’m barely awake. Why?”
Sage flipped through to the entertainment section, then jabbed the page. “Did you have any idea about this?”
Robyn stared at the page, and shook her head slowly as she read the headline.
Model Charlotte dumps boyfriend for sports star Brad Randell.
In the photo, Charlotte sat in the passenger seat of a car, attempting to cover her face with her hands. Alongside her, his face blazing with fury, was Brad Randell.
 Sage stabbed the photo. “Randell was caught drunk driving Friday night, and Charlotte Bodie was his passenger. He drove through a checkpoint before the cops caught him. He'll get done DIC and trying to evade the police but he'll probably just get off with a fine like all these rich types do. But of course that’s not the big question. The big question is—” She paused for a breath. “What was he doing, that late at night, alone with his best friend's girlfriend, and no sign of Jack Fletcher?” Sage lowered her voice. “It could mean anything, but ‘anything’ isn’t the obvious conclusion. Especially when that Randell has got a wife at home, a wife who is very pregnant. Which leads anyone with an ounce of intelligence to assume Charlotte has been carrying on with Randell behind—” She gestured out to the lounge. “Behind his back.”
Robyn looked up from the newspaper as her mind raced. Something had been bugging Jack last night. The look on his face when Brad had phoned. The empty seat next to him at the dinner. The fact he'd gravitated towards Robyn — maybe needing a dose of ‘normal’ when his world was falling apart. 
The door suddenly rattled, and a voice called out, “Mum? We want breakfast.”
“Coming, Jamie.” Robyn’s mind was still spinning as she handed the paper back to Sage. 
“Do you think he’s seen it?” Sage slotted it back in her bag and positioned the bread strategically across the top.
“No. He’s too calm. He can’t know. I mean, he obviously knows it happened but that it’s splashed all over the paper?” She let out a long breath, thinking, wondering, trying to get a grip on it all. Jack Fletcher’s girlfriend had just dumped him. For his best friend. 
Sage shook her head. “It’s beyond me how a supposed friend could go and do something like this. I’ve got no time for rich twits but this is just despicable.” 
They went back to the lounge, and as they approached, Jack eased himself up out of the old chair. “Thanks for the coffee, Robyn, but it's time I got going.”
Robyn saw he’d finished his drink and she ignored the disappointment that seemed to come out of nowhere and settle in her chest. Of course he had to go. His life was in a mess, even though he was doing a good job of hiding it.
She took the keys and handed them to him. She was careful not to touch him, even though the urge to touch him and tell him it was all going to be just fine, was strong. Had Charlotte really left him? Maybe it was just speculation — although something had clearly happened. 
His gaze fastened on hers, dark and enigmatic but, she noticed now, a hint of sea green. The calm before the storm.
“Did it handle all right?” 
She blinked. “Sorry?”
“The car? It handled all right?”
“Oh, my gosh, yes. Like a dream.”
“I’m glad.” He glanced over at Ruby and James, and at the curiosity written over their faces. Jack was about to say something, then hesitated. He looked out of his depth, as if he’d never had anything to do with children, even though his younger sister had children. She’d been pregnant with her second child about the time Robyn finished high school. Perhaps he just never had any contact with them.
He cleared his throat, gave an awkward wave to the twins. “See you later — aaah — children.” 
They stared back, wide-eyed and quiet. Robyn chastised “Ruby? James? Manners, please.”
“Bye,” they chorused and Robyn stepped outside with Jack.
He looked thoughtful as they walked, and she hoped he wasn’t noticing the flowers that needed dead-heading or the lawn that was overdue for a cut. As they reached the car, he said, “I really appreciate you were okay with driving home.”
“I loved it,” she told him honestly. “There are times I miss having my own car.”
“Looks like you better get inside.” He gestured to her window. Ruby and James were inside, noses pressed against the glass. She was sure behind them was Sage, trying not to be obvious. 
He opened the car door. “Robyn, I'm glad we bumped into each other. It's been...” His mouth twisted wryly. “It's been a diversion from real life.”
So he had seen the paper?
No. He was too calm for a man who'd had his personal life splashed over the page.
“Take care,” he said. His gaze lingered on her a moment and she said, “You too.” He climbed in and clicked his seatbelt, reversed and with a short wave, headed off down the drive.
She watched the car until it was out of sight and until all that was left was the gap in front of the house where it had once been. 
The minute she stepped inside, Sage ordered, “So what’s been going on with you and Fletcher?” She sat cross-legged on the couch.
“Nothing.”
“Ha,” Sage said disbelievingly.
Robyn sighed. “Jack’s from my old home town, Kopane, up north. We weren't friends, we just knew of each other.” She stopped. It still blew her away he'd known who mousey, studious Robyn Taylor had been when he'd had plenty of girls throwing themselves at him. “He was a few years ahead of me at school though.” Best to leave the details of his past out. “And last night I bumped in to him when I was working at the charity dinner and we got talking; he loaned me his car to drive home and he just came back to pick it up.”
They both went through to the kitchen, and Sage said, “I guess as your friend I have to believe you. But as for the rest. Let’s recap. Jack’s been going out for a while now with Charlotte Bodie, which we all knew. But what we — and one assumes Jack — didn’t know is that she'd been playing around with Brad Randell on the side and now, Charlotte has left Jack for him.”
“What?” Harriet suddenly screeched from the couch. “Charlotte has left Jack Fletcher for Brad Randell?”
Robyn and Sage exchanged glances and Sage said, “Did you hear nothing that went on here the last quarter of an hour? I thought you were just pretending to be asleep.”
Harriet struggled up. “Why? What happened?”
“He was here. Jack Fletcher.” Sage nodded at Harriet's shock. “Robyn knows him. Personally.”
Harriet's hand splayed across her chest. Her voice was faint. “You know him? He was here? Mother, why didn't you wake me? I totally love reading the gossip.”
“That,” Sage pointed at her, “is why I didn't wake you. You should be focusing on your studies and not reading trashy websites.”
Harriet staggered to her feet, draped her duvet around herself, and hopped over to the table. “Why was he here?” 
“To drive his car home,” Sage said. “Apparently.” She took the newspaper from her bag and turned back to the entertainment pages.
Harriet’s eyes widened. “He stayed the night?”
“She,” Sage threw a disbelieving look at Robyn, “claims he did not.”
“Of course he didn't stay the night.” Why on earth would a man like Jack take an interest in her? Exasperated, she peered closer at the photographs again. One showed Jack and Charlotte a month back at a Business Association function, another pictured Brad and his wife, Emily. Emily, according to the caption, was indeed pregnant.
“Isn’t Emily Randell a doctor?”
Harriet rolled her eyes. “Duh. She's the one that treated Brad's leg after the injury that blew his All Black career to smithereens.”
Sage hissed, “I’ve never liked him. That poor, poor woman.” She tut-tutted with all the experience of a woman who knew far too well what she was talking about. She jabbed the picture of Brad. “All money and no brain, all they care about are their looks and I bet he's had surgery, look at that jaw. I don’t trust anyone who has a gym membership.”
Harriet opened her phone and checked. “Well, its front page on the news websites and social media is already going nuts.  They’re all trending.”
Robyn bit her thumb and thought back to Jack’s house, that beautiful but empty house. Who did he have in his life to turn to in moments like this? It had been Jack and Charlotte the past six months and of course, his small circle of friends. Brad, she knew, because he was the high profile one, the former sporting hero, but there’d been another one as well. Ethan someone-or-other. 
“Mum, we’re still hungry,” James reminded her, and Robyn snapped out of it.
No doubt he had a network of friends and she had no idea what she was talking about. But even so. Remembering that remoteness in his expression troubled her when it shouldn't have. She didn't know Jack Fletcher. Making assumptions was wasting time she didn't have to spare.
Her stomach rumbled and she was grateful to get her mind off Jack. Off problems that weren't her own. “I'm starving, too,” she said, pulling bread from the pantry. “I'll make toast. Who wants some?”


CHAPTER FIVE


Jack stepped inside his house to be greeted by the smell of baking, and in to his kitchen to find his housekeeper, Mrs Parker. Mrs Faye-Anne Parker to be exact, although he had never called her Faye-Anne in the years she’d worked for him, and she had never signed her name as anything other than Mrs Parker. 
“It's Sunday. This isn't your day,” he stated. 
She rolled her eyes. “I’ve been on line. I know what's been going on in the world. At least, those hack journalists' opinions of what's been going on.” She eyed him closely. “So is it true? She's gone and left you for Randell?”
He massaged his aching temples. “Yeah.”
Mrs Parker's mouth tightened. “You know what I thought of her.”
“Don't start.”
“She was never the right one for you.”
“I don't believe in a right one.”
She rolled her eyes again. “I thought he had more class than that. It's not often I'm wrong.” She yanked open the oven door, and pulled out a tray. Instantly, the aroma floated to him, and his taste buds twitched. He hadn’t eaten since dinner last night, and even then he’d barely touched his food. “What have you got there? It smells good.”
She set the tray on the counter. “Shortbread with real butter. My grandmother's recipe. You need some comfort food right about now.” She shoved another tray in the oven. “These are Hokey Pokey biscuits. Your friend is coming over.”
“Brad?”
“Your friend. Ethan. He took Emily out to his place so the media won't hassle her and make her life more of a misery than it already is. He's on his way back from there.”
Ethan had called earlier to tell him his plan. Emily was a mess, and barely able to work out what had happened. She was their friend as much as Brad had been, but at the back of his mind, Jack was nervous. How would she react to seeing him? Would she throw some of the responsibility back at him; after all, it was his girlfriend that had taken off with her husband. He bit back on a groan. Wrestling with the blame issue was wearing him out. 
“Look, thanks for coming in, Mrs P,” he told her. “You didn't have to.”
“I know.” She began to lift the biscuits off the tray and set them on a rack to cool. “It just goes to show that no matter how good looking or rich you are, this crap, excuse my language, happens.”
“Is that a compliment?” He reached out to take a biscuit. It burnt his fingers and he dropped it.
“Maybe.” She didn't often make compliments. 
He took the biscuit again, took a bite, then another. “These are good. Really good.”
“Even better when they cool down.” She managed a smile — something as rare as her compliments. “So. What are you going to do?”
What was he going to do? He’d been thinking of little else. He leant against the counter, polished off the shortbread. “I'll head over to see Emily, figure out what I can do to help. Try and keep Ethan from hunting down Brad and killing him.” 
Mrs Parker shook her head. “I can’t imagine what she must be feeling, and with a baby on the way.” She reached up to tighten her hair in its bun. “But Ethan, for all his macho ways, has the heart of a pussy cat so she's in good hands.” She suddenly snapped her fingers. “Dash it, I almost forgot. There was one other call that came in for you. On your landline, and from Canada of all places. I figured it wouldn't be media, and the woman said she knew you.” She read from a notepad in her apron pocket. “Does the name Valerie Wright mean anything to you?”
It took a second for the name to make sense, and when it did, surprise jolted him. No. Not surprise. More like shock. “She was someone I knew briefly years ago.” He took another square of shortbread. “But I haven't thought about her in years.”
“Well, she wants you to call her now.”
He frowned. “Did she say what it was about?”
Mrs Parker snorted. “Not my business so I didn't ask. But she did say it was important.” She handed him the notepad with her number. “I'll make coffee. Normal or decaf?”
“Make it normal. And thanks, Mrs P, for coming in. Really.” He took another bite of shortbread. “And for these.” 
She waved away his thanks but there was the tease of a smile as she turned on the tap and scrubbed the baking tray.
Jack read the notepad as he walked through to the study at the other end of the house. Val Wright. Yeah, he remembered her well; a model with career aspirations that matched his.
He pulled out the chair and sank into it. They had both been young and hungry for success when they'd met. She was Canadian, had been in New Zealand for just a few weeks, and was heading over to Sydney to model at Fashion Week.
He switched on his laptop, and thought back. She’d been vague about what had happened in the intervening years but then, his focus had been on his career. He picked up his phone, checked the numbers, and began to dial. Even so, he was confused. Why now?
When she answered, he leant back in his chair. “Hey, Val? It's Jack. Returning your call. How the hell are you?”
“Jack. Hi, Thanks for ringing back so quickly.” Her voice was a mix of relief and nervousness yet it wasn't a familiar voice. Her Canadian accent was strong, but then, they hadn’t spoken in years. Any contact had been erratic, and all of it by email. After the first few months, it had dwindled and within a couple of years had been non-existent. The brief weekend they had spent together had soon been overshadowed by real life. 
“How am I?” He opened his internet browser and admitted, “It was a shock hearing you'd called out of the blue like this. It's been, what, eight years?”
“It is eight years. It's hard to believe it was that long ago.”
“A lot has happened,” he mused. Eight years ago the lifestyle he now lived had barely even registered as being a possibility, let alone a reality.
He heard her sigh. “Jack, I rang you for a reason.” That edge of nervousness in her voice had suddenly grown and he heard the whoosh of air as she exhaled. “I need to say first that I'm sorry. I need to apologize for not letting you know earlier.”
He was about to open his email, but he stopped. What had she done? After eight years, what could she possibly be sorry about? He looked away from his bulging inbox. 
“Val, you've lost me. What have you got to apologize about?”
“That’s the second shock you're going to get.” She gave a nervous laugh then just as quickly stopped.
Silence lay between them and he prodded, “Val?” 
“I might as well just say it. I've been holding on to it long enough.”
A sense of doom swept over him, made him sit straighter, made his throat go painfully dry. “Yeah. I think you better.”
“I'm a mom, Jack, I have a son. Eric.”
Jack relaxed a fraction. “Well...” Why was she telling him this? “Well, congratulations, Val.”
“Jack, Eric is a great kid. A normal little kid. He likes TV, he likes sports, especially ice hockey, and playing computer games. He's smart, too.” She paused and her voice lowered further. “Just like his father. He even looks like his dad.”
Jack was going to say the first thing that came to his mind. Who is his father? Not that he would know him. He had no idea who Val had chosen to date in the intervening years.
But then it struck him, and his breath caught in his throat. He went so still inside he wasn't even sure his heart was beating.
He knew what she was going to tell him.
It was in the tone of her voice, it was even there in the silence sitting between them.
He dragged breath into his lungs and asked the question anyway. “Val, who is your son's father?”
“You are, Jack.” He froze as she said clearly, “Eric is your son.”


CHAPTER SIX


It had been twenty-four hours from hell.
Well, not hell — hell had been the word to describe Emily’s life the past two days. So this wasn't hell. It was just twenty-four hours of complete and utter turmoil. Assuming Val had told him the truth.
He rode the lift to his office and went over the conversation again, just as he had in the hours following the call, to the hours he’d lain in bed unable to sleep, and the drive in to work. Unable to wrap his head around the news that he had a kid. A son. He — Jackson Ronald Fletcher — was a father.
And he’d proceeded to go over that weekend with Val in his mind a dozen times. 
He'd enrolled in a seminar at a business expo, exploring options to get more start up cash to invest in his plan for building inexpensive but attractive homes. Val had been one of the models hired to show an exhibitor’s product. They'd both been staying at the same hotel, and one drink had led to dinner, had led to a couple of nights in a hotel room.
He prowled into his office, shut the door, and sank into his chair. They’d used protection. He remembered that. But clearly they were in that however-many-percent it was that weren’t protected after all. Because six weeks later it had led to Val discovering she was going to have a baby. His baby.
His PA, Collette, had placed today’s paper on his desk and he gave it a quick glance. In a sidebar it continued to run with the story that Charlotte Bodie had dumped her millionaire boyfriend for the former All Black turned businessman who had left his pregnant wife, Emily. The latest was that Emily had taken refuge at an unnamed friend’s house. How the hell did they find out this stuff? 
Jack leant forward, his elbows on the table, and stared at the blank wall. His body had tensed up so badly he felt he was going to explode. Even an hour in his gym this morning, punching the crap out of anything he could find, hadn't helped. He looked suspiciously up at his ceiling. You’ve got a sense of humour, Big Guy. Care to let me in on the joke?
Because the story had gotten even better.
Val wanted her son to meet his father. She hadn't phoned to tell him he had a son, end of story. Or demand money to help support the child.
She had rung to tell him she wanted to fly her son out to New Zealand to spend a few weeks holiday with him.
He'd have preferred sending her money.
His jaw clenched. Because the fact, the truth, was that he was no father, wasn’t even close to being father material. He gritted his teeth. No Fletcher was cut out to be a parent; no one with the blood of Ron Fletcher running through their veins. He had siblings who were the hard proof of that.  
He’d even said ‘hello’ to a little kid out on the road. The boy had turned with a wail and buried his face in his mother’s skirt. Any optimism he’d dredged up on the drive to his Newmarket office had died a rapid death. 
He consulted his calendar. He’d phoned Val again last night. She was scheduled for surgery in a few weeks and would be out of action recovering from the operation. The timing, she’d decided, was right for the father to get to know the son. 
Jack opened his email to see if the scans she'd promised had arrived. He’d been checking email on his phone religiously but there'd been nothing when he left home this morning. He gave a low whistle when he saw her name in the inbox. 
The moment of truth.
He opened the attachments.
The first was a scan of Eric’s birth certificate. Jack had done the calculations on the dates, and they fitted. He skimmed health records, realized they shared the same blood type. She’d even sent DNA test results, and a link to a website that would prove, she said, he was the father. He had distant cousins who’d got themselves tested, too. 
Then he took a breath, steeled himself, and opened the photograph file.
He enlarged the photo on screen, and his world went abruptly still. He enlarged it further and stared, as every ounce of air in his lungs dissipated, as everything around him faded into a blur. 
A boy stared back at him, a grinning, black haired boy with Jack’s eyes. A version of himself at that age. A happier version.
Jack leant back and clasped his hands behind his head, but couldn't shift his gaze away from the crystal clear image of the boy.
His son.
He didn’t need DNA tests to prove it. Any lingering doubt had just been dealt a sudden death. Eric Wright was his flesh and blood. 
He had a son.
How had he not known? Wasn't there some primitive wavelength, some supernatural bond between father and son?
There'd been nothing.
He pushed himself away from his desk, strode over to the window and stared out blankly. At the back of his mind it should have registered that something like this had happened to Val. After all, she’d left her homeland for fame and fortune, had ended up in New Zealand, and found neither.
Instead, she had given up her career to raise a child. His child.
He buzzed through to Collette and absently rubbed his chest. It had developed an alarming number of twinges the past forty-eight hours.
Collette Van Camp came in, shut the door behind her and took a seat. Pen in hand, she faced Jack squarely.
“You look terrible,” she commented.
“Thank you.”
“It's my pleasure.”
He picked up his phone, then set it back down again. He cleared his throat. “I need to hire a nanny.” 
 Her eyebrows rose alarmingly high. She shook her head. Her perfect blonde hair barely moved. “I’m sorry. What did you just say?”
“A nanny.”
“A nanny,” she repeated.
He reached for a pen, began to doodle. “There’s a seven-year-old boy coming out from Toronto in a couple of weeks and he’ll be staying with me.” He stopped drawing and tried to remember what else Val had said. She had booked a surgical procedure, claimed it was the perfect time to do it, that it wouldn’t hurt Eric to miss some school. Was the procedure cosmetic? He began tapping the pen. Was she thinking of resuming her modelling career? 
“It’ll be for two or three weeks. I’m not sure.” Three weeks. An eternity. 
Collette scribbled shorthand in her notebook. She was probably the only PA on the planet who did shorthand. “Would you consider your housekeeper for the role?”
“Mrs Parker? Jeez, no.” For all he respected his housekeeper, she was not what one might euphemistically call ‘child friendly’. “She’d scare the poor kid to death. Scares the hell out of me half the time.” He massaged his forehead. “She’s become a death hag.”
Collette balked. “A what?”
Before she’d left yesterday, Mrs Parker had regaled him with the details of her current obsession. “A death hag is apparently a nut job who follows murder trials. There's some Body in the Boot case going on at the moment.” He backtracked. “Not that I’m in any way implying she’s a nut job.”
“You’re not implying anything,” Collette murmured. “But clearly she's unsuitable. The best option may be to use an agency.” 
An agency? The boy wasn’t an I.T. problem or a staff shortage. He was a living, breathing little person. 
“I suppose,” he said doubtfully, “that would be the best idea.”  
Oh man. He was dealing with a kid who didn’t know a soul, one whose own father was attempting to fob him off on to a stranger. That was bad. So what were the other options? Take a few weeks off work and entertain this child? The thought sent nerves skittering down his spine.
“Should I schedule interviews?” Collette glanced up. “Will you be conducting them yourself?”
The jitters in his stomach intensified. He didn’t want to interview people. That's what HR were paid to do.
She said, “Or I can take over the process. The agency can email the short listed applicants straight to me.”
He glanced uneasily out the window and didn't see a thing. 
“It’s just...” He swung back around, inexplicably edgy. “Hiring a complete stranger to look after the boy, it seems wrong. It is wrong.” The boy was flying across the Pacific Ocean to meet a dad he’d never laid eyes on. What sort of greeting was “Hi, kid, here’s your sitter.”
“Unless you’ll be taking care of him yourself,” Collette began, “or you know someone personally who would be suitable, I suggest we schedule interviews straight away.” 
Unless you know someone suitable.
He narrowed his eyes as he gazed unseeing out the window and her name jumped out in front of him so strong he jerked forward in his seat. Robyn. 
No. He got a grip on reality. She had a full life with her family and her job and whatever else was going on, and she didn’t need to play nanny to another child. 
“Jack?” Collette frowned, puzzled. “What is it exactly you’d like me to do? I know of a very good agency with British trained staff. Or have you thought of someone?”
“I don’t know.” The thing was, Robyn Taylor would be good. There was a subtle quality about her that made you trust her. Like her. She'd never struck him as the 'mumsy' type at school, but after spending just five minutes in her house with her twins, he knew she’d be good at looking after his son. He knew it. His gut instinct had been honed over a lifetime, although, admittedly, it had failed him miserably over Charlotte.  He frowned. Or had it?
He pushed the distraction of Charlotte aside. On most matters, his instinct was well honed. “I think I might know someone,” he said finally. 
“If you don’t mind me saying, you don’t look terribly enthusiastic about it.”
“It’s complicated.” That phrase again. “But you’ve given me the idea. You are, as usual, worth your weight in gold. Take the afternoon off.”
She eyed him warily. “Have you been on the vodka, because your ex-girlfriend is making this the week from hell? I won’t get out of here until after eight with all the calls I'm taking for you. But feel free to order me in an early dinner. Something Italian with a nice merlot.”
“Deal,” Jack said but his mind went straight back to Robyn.
She could still turn him down. She had a life. She had a family, friends, a job.
But the last thing he wanted or needed was to become a full time father even for a few weeks.
He’d try Robyn Taylor. And hope with everything he had, he could make her at least consider it. 
***

“Is that man your new boyfriend?”
Robyn stopped in the middle of tying back her hair, and wondered briefly if she should read anything into Ruby's phase. Her new boyfriend? She didn’t even have an old one. Edwin had been pretty much it with a few embarrassing interludes before that. She caught herself before she began her own “poor me” pity party, and told Ruby, “No, he’s not my boyfriend. He’s just a—”
A what? A friend? An acquaintance? 
“A friend,” she said. She heard the smooth rumble of Jack’s car and finally admitted she’d been deluding herself that she was calm over this. She held up her hand. It was actually trembling. It probably had been ever since Jack had rung her, asked her in that deep voice of his if he could talk to her, and she’d agreed.
“What does he want?” Ruby asked. She wore one of Robyn’s new designs, a dark green pinafore with a barely-there plaid imprint. Her pink blanky was draped around her shoulders like a shawl. Note to self: accessorize with pink. Add a couple of pink pockets. Thank you, Rubes.
“I’m not sure.” Robyn squared her shoulders, exhaled on a bundle of nerves. It was going to be something to do with Charlotte. What, she didn’t know, but it had to be. 
“Is he your boyfriend?” Ruby pressed her hand into Robyn’s. “Harry said he’s a good boyfriend because he’s got lots of money. Has he got some money?”
Robyn shot her a curious stare. “Harriet told you all this?”
Ruby nodded. “Is he your boyfriend, Mum?”
“No.” She said it too loudly. Almost shouted it. “No,” she said again, calmly. “Like I said, Jack is a friend. Just a normal friend like Antony at playgroup.”
“Do you want him to be our boyfriend?” Ruby asked.
Knocks sounded at the door, Ruby gasped, and bolted away to pull open the door before Robyn could stop her.
She swung it open, and stared up at Jack.
Stunned, he stared down at her.
There was a long silence. “Hello,” he said finally
“Hi,” Ruby said, not moving.
Jack looked up and met Robyn’s gaze. The strangest mix of panic, relief and, was it possible, nerves?
Jack Fletcher had never struck her as the type to ever be nervous.
“Come on in,” she said. She stood back, and as he walked past, she inhaled him. Gorgeously masculine. It probably wasn’t even some aftershave he’d dabbed on. It was just him.
“I appreciate you seeing me, Robyn,” he commented. “You said you were busy today?”
She was borrowing Sage’s van to go on a fabric hunt in South Auckland. “I have made some plans.” She gestured to a chair. He pulled one out from the dining table, lowered himself into it, and stretched out his legs. 
Ruby climbed on to a chair and sat staring at him.
Jack looked at her and managed a smile. “Ah, hi. Again.” The smile had a hint of panic about it. “How are you? Ruby, isn’t it?” 
“Harry said that you’re going to be our—”
“Would you like a drink, Ruby?” Robyn interjected
“Harry? I remember. The babysitter.” Jack relaxed a little and stared at Ruby. “I didn’t realize little children could speak so well.”
Robyn went to the kitchen bench and poured her a drink. “She is four. She’s been speaking since she was two.”
“Is that normal for a child of that age?”
She glanced curiously at him. “You really haven’t had much to do with children, have you?”
His eyes suddenly took on an unreadable look. He cleared his throat. “No, I haven't.” 
“What about your sister’s children?” Robyn came around the breakfast bar and handed Ruby her mug. “Sharon's got two, hasn't she?”
“Three,” he corrected. He glanced back at Ruby. “Where is your other child?”
“James is just over at a friend's house for the day.”
“Right.” He nodded. “Okay. I won’t hold you up. I'll get to the point.”
“Mum, can we sit outside?” Ruby said, jumping up from her seat. Robyn grabbed her drink just in time as she ran to the door, and she said to Jack, “It is nice out. Do you mind?”
He rose to his feet. “I don’t mind at all. Let’s go.”
***

When they were sitting on the deck, the sun still high enough to beam down some warmth, Robyn said, “You mentioned on the phone there was a problem.” She added in sympathy, “I’ve seen all the news about Charlotte and Brad.”
His mouth twisted. “It's been hard to miss.”
“I could tell something was up on Saturday. It must have been hideous.”
“That’s a good way of putting it. It seems to have died down a bit and with any luck there’ll be some other drama for the media to focus on.”
“Then that's not the reason you’re here?”
“It’s not.” After a moment, he leaned forward on the chair, and now, he was all seriousness. He cleared his throat. “There is a child — a boy, actually —coming out to stay with me. He's from Canada. He'll be here for a few weeks, and I need someone to look after him.” 
“Is he a relative?”
“Sort of.” Jack stared over her head at the pigeons landing on her neighbour’s roof. 
Ruby suddenly came charging up to Robyn, and Robyn pulled her up on to her lap with a grunt, and put her arms around her waist. Jack’s gaze slipped to Ruby for a second.
Ruby stared at him.
He looked back at Robyn. “I said he is ‘sort of’ a relative, but that’s not the truth. He is related.” He swallowed down hard, and there was a mark of desperation in his eyes. “Robyn, the boy is my son.”
“Your — son?” Ruby wriggled to be let down and Robyn let her as a rush of thoughts — disbelief, surprise, confusion — flooded her brain. Jack has a son. She stared at him. Jack Fletcher was a father? 
Then who on earth was the mother?
“I had no idea you had a child,” she murmured.
He let out a low breath. “That makes two of us.”
Her eyes widened. “You didn’t know you had a child?”
He shook his head. “I found out two days ago.”
“You’re kidding.”
“No.”
She pressed her lips together. “How old is he?”
“Seven.”
She was silent for a moment. “So this whole time — all these years — you had no idea?” 
“Valerie – his mother – was a brief friendship.”
“A bit more than a friendship,” she muttered. 
He came close to what looked like rolling his eyes but said, “We kept in touch briefly after she left Auckland. She mentioned nothing about having a baby.” He made a gesture of finality with his hands. “Nothing.”
Robyn was silent a moment longer, her forehead furrowed. Jack had a son. 
She let out a long breath. “I guess it’s fair to say it’s been a rough time for you lately. What with Charlotte. Brad. Now this.”
He gave a brief nod, a gesture that spoke a million words.
“But I am confused about something,” she went on. “Why exactly are you telling me this?” 
“Because I need to ask a favour of you. A big favour.” He laced his hands together. “Even though Eric will be staying with me, he'll need somebody to look after him.”
Of course. She nodded. “Do you want me to recommend somebody?”
“No. I could go through an agency for that and I could interview a dozen candidates searching for that right person to look after him.”
“You know, there are really good agencies in Auckland.” She’d looked into them for James and Ruby but the good ones had charged the kind of money even she didn’t make.
“I know. My PA has researched it for me.” He looked across at Ruby for a moment. “But it wouldn’t feel right. It wouldn’t feel fair to this boy. I need someone to look after him while I’m at work, to make sure that the time he has out here is at least some fun, especially since he's flying half way around the world without his mother.”
She noticed his eyes had flecks of gold. They were very distracting.
“Robyn. Will you?”
She focused back on what he was saying. “Will I what?”
“Mind him. I want you to be the one looking after him while he’s here.”
She stared at him in shock. “Me?”
“Yes. You. It would be a job. I’d pay you well.”
“I already have a job.”
“You wouldn’t need to work that job. You told me you’re hired on a casual basis anyway.”
“A casual contract that guarantees me regular hours. It’s how I pay my bills.”
“I understand. But I need someone to look after him while I’m at work. I’ll pay you well and cover all your costs on top of that.”
“And why can’t you go through an agency?”
“I don’t want just anyone taking care of him when I’m not around.”
She raised her arms in disbelief at the obvious. “But Jack, aren’t I just ‘anyone’?”
“No, you’re not just anyone. And you’d be great. I mean, look at your children. Child,” he rephrased. He gestured to Ruby, standing, staring at him. He shifted uncomfortably in his seat at the scrutiny. “Your twins are well behaved and I haven’t had a lot to do with little kids but I didn’t think they could be so well behaved. Looking at Ruby tells me you’re a great mother.”
She couldn't deny his words pleased her. Immensely. She sat back in her chair and regarded him. His mouth was firm, her eyes clear. He knew what he wanted.
She knew what she wanted, too. She glanced over as Ruby began to run in circles, trailing her blanket behind her, and pressure began to mount in her chest. There was so much to do. Too much to do. She shook her head. “Jack, I’m sorry, I can’t do it. I’m not in a position to right now.”
He looked unfazed. “I’ve only just hit you with it. You need time to think.”
“I don’t need time. I can’t do it. I have my own children, and my job. And if I do start turning down work from the function centre, they could take me off their staffing lists. Not to mention there’s–” She hadn’t told him about the clothes and the fashion expo, had just alluded to a venture but there was no reason not to mention it. “There’s something I have to prepare for in a few weeks. It’s to do with fashion. There's a lot of work involved, sewing and promotion, and I can’t afford to get snowed under.” Or succumb to the pressure. It was all self-inflicted but she had to do well at that show. There was a lot to prove, a lot riding on it. She took a deep breath. “I’m not going to do anything to jeopardize it. I can’t.” She shook her head. “I’m sorry.”
Intention hardened in his eyes. “I’ll make it as easy as I can for you. And I will pay you very well.”
“Jack?” She raised her arms. “You don’t know my life. I have commitments, just like you, and I can not just go and flick them off.”
“I know extra money would help you out. All I’m asking is that you think about it.”
She hesitated. Extra money would help out — more than he knew — especially with all the promotional expenses. She was facing charging them on the credit card as it was and the thought of debt, especially when there were no guarantees her business would succeed, made her skin crawl. She did not take risk lightly. But right now, she needed time. Not three weeks babysitting.
She shook her head, and he looked as if he couldn’t figure out why this suggestion was annoying her so much. “It’s one month at the most,” he reminded her. “It’s not one year. Just a few weeks.”
“It’s the logistics. It’s everything.” She spread her arms wider and repeated, “It’s everything.”
“Four weeks,” he repeated.
“I heard you the first time, Jack.” 
He ran his hand through his hair, seemed to rough it up and smooth it down in one motion as he said, “At least think about it when I’ve gone. This boy, Eric, is my son. I don’t know him from the kid next door but I damned well want to make sure that when he is here, he’s not looked after by some Nazi child-hater but by someone who cares.” His gaze tapped in to something deep inside her. “And you would care for him.”
He was flattering her, hitting her where it mattered most. Her family. That she was a good mother. The most important thing in the world to her. Smart move, Jack Fletcher.
“It won’t be twenty-four seven. I’ll spare as much time as I can.” The look on his face said it was the last thing he wanted to do. Jack Fletcher and kids didn’t gel. “But I want someone with him I can trust; somebody who knows how to deal with children.”
“I’m flattered you think that about me,” she told him. “But it’s impossible. I’m sorry, Jack, but it is.”
He’d been watching her and suddenly, he leant closer, and lay his hand on her bare arm. “Will you at least think about it?” The touch was unexpected, and it zinged through her, shocked her more than a simple touch should have. As if realizing the intimacy of the gesture, his hand dropped away.
“Because,” he said, “I just want him with somebody he’ll like.”
“Okay.” She swallowed down, and decided she'd at least do him the courtesy of considering it. “I’ll think about it but I am making no promises.” 
“Thank you.” He felt in his pocket for his car keys and pulled them out. “I appreciate it.”
He stood and she walked with him, her arms folded across her chest. She bit down on her bottom lip. There was something about this all that bugged her. True, she had few facts, but the whole thing was more than a little bit crazy.
“Jack?” she said as they reached his car.
He glanced sideways at her. 
She said, slowly, “Does it bug you that this is so sudden?”
He arched his eyebrows in a way that said the whole thing bugged him. “What do you mean?”
“Well, this is so out of the blue, isn't it? This woman must know you pretty well to send her only son out to live with you, yet from what you’ve said, it sounds like you barely knew her.”
He gave a shrug. “She said the timing was right, and the age was right for him to get to know his father. I offered to pay for Val to come out as well but she believes this is the best way. She has a minor surgery and will need a few weeks to recover so it all ties in.” 
Ruby came running past and Jack stepped back. Ruby stopped, squinted to stare up at him. “Harry says that you’re going to be our—”
“I will think about it,” Robyn promised, hoping Jack hadn’t heard the word boyfriend leak from Ruby’s mouth.
And hoping for everyone’s sake Jack found the right person soon.
Because there was no room for any distractions.
And Jack Fletcher had the potential to be one major distraction in her carefully planned out life.
***

Robyn’s feet hurt as she carried glasses back to the commercial dishwasher, cleared plates from tables, called a cab for an inebriated customer, and had a plate of butter chicken tipped down her shirt. With each step, she wished she could pull up a chair and stick her feet in a bowl of warm water. Or one of those automatic foot massagers; or even better, have someone massage her feet, slowly and thoroughly. Her respect for shop assistants had gone through the roof once she’d begun this work.
She'd wiped her shirt with paper towels, and in the bathroom with a wet dish rag to get more of the stain out. It wasn’t going to work. The tomato and spices in the sauce stained like the devil. Now she had an orange wet patch down her shirt and there were still hours to go.
She grabbed an apron from the bar to cover most of the stain and quickly made her way back out to the floor of the function centre, grabbed a tray and continued clearing.  
Her mind flicked to Jack. She'd told him she couldn't be the child minder and she wondered whether he’d found anyone to look after his son. Most likely he had. No doubt he’d found somebody who’d jump at the chance to work for Jack Fletcher. 
He'd called her yesterday, the last time they'd spoken, and this time, he'd made a radical suggestion.
He'd suggested she move into his house while Eric was staying. Her and the kids. Pack their bags and move into his house. They'd have a whole floor to themselves, there'd be no commuting, he was going to pay her well, and at the back of her mind, after he'd hung up, she had let herself wonder about it. Maybe this could work. 
Then reality had checked in. Living beneath the same roof as Jack? Was she asking for trouble? 
She walked quickly out with the glasses, and unloaded them.
It wouldn't work. Living that close to Jack while the spark of attraction was there, was madness. She was just lucky Harriet babysat so cheaply but even that could change soon. If Harriet met a boy, started dating, just decided she had better things to do than be stuck in a house with a couple of pre-schoolers, then Robyn would have to pay the going rate, not the token she paid Harry. And she’d be paying strangers to look after the twins. She frowned, thought of Jack again. Pictured him as he'd looked straight at her, his eyes blazing with honesty and told her he didn't want strangers looking after his son. 
A noise erupted from the bar and Robyn groaned as a couple of men looked as if they were about to take each other out, with a nervous looking waitress trying to get between them.
Not what you'd figured you'd end up doing with your life, is it, Miss Destined-For-Great-And-Wonderful-Things, a voice taunted as she told a colleague to call security. 
She gritted her teeth. 
No, it wasn't. And she was the only one who could do anything about it.
And maybe a little financial help would make all the difference.
Who was she kidding? It wasn't a little financial help he was offering, it was a lot. And there wasn't any maybe about it.
A month maximum. 
That’s what he'd said.
Living in his house, his luxury house. Just looking after his son, and he'd offered to help when he could so she could work on her collection.
Only one month. The phrase went round and round in her head as the security guard arrived just in time to see one drunk take a swing at the other. 
It was only one month. 



CHAPTER SEVEN


Two weeks later, Robyn moved into Jack's house. Her, the twins, and several suitcases of clothes.
Jack showed them up to their floor, and stepped aside as Robyn walked into the bedroom that was hers for the next few weeks. She set her case by the bed, and glanced around the room with the familiar feeling of tension that sat over her when she'd made the wrong decision. Except it couldn’t be a bad decision. It was only for one month, and she’d negotiated time off with Jack to work on the collection.
Jack set the heavier case down. “Is this room okay?” 
“This is seriously lovely.” She'd seen it at night but not during the day. Did he ever pinch himself at how far he'd come in life?
He stopped beside her. “My room is on the floor above.” He inclined his head at the view out to the sea. “There’s a sense of freedom having the sea out there, a sense of not being hemmed in. Safe and sound.”
A reference to the prison that Kopane had become?
He glanced at the pillows and duvet. “Mrs Parker chose your colour scheme.”
It was pink and red on an off-white background. He added, “I figured you’d appreciate something less masculine than everything else around here.”
Robyn ran her hand over the smooth cover. In the years she'd been making clothes, she'd learnt to appreciate quality fabric. “Mrs Parker has good taste.”
He grinned. “So she tells me.”
A yell sounded from the next room, Robyn winced, and Jack gestured to the door. “Lead the way.”
Ruby and James had a truck between them and both had a hand on each end of it. They saw Robyn, and started yelling and tugging harder.
“Mum, Ruby stole my truck.”
“It’s my truck.”
“I had it first.”
“I had it before him.”
James suddenly let go and Ruby fell back. He reached for her blanket; she let go of her grip on the truck with a blood curdling scream, and lunged for the blanket. 
Robyn watched Jack to gauge his reaction. He stood stiffly as Ruby took a seat at the small wooden table, and glared at James as he tipped out a plastic crate of new trucks and cars.
Was Jack having second thoughts about his nice orderly existence being uprooted by children? Two children today, and tomorrow a third child — a stranger — arriving? 
She backtracked. Orderly existence? On the surface, maybe, but inside, he had to be still hurting over Charlotte and Brad's betrayal.
She cleared her throat. “This is all new furniture, too?”
He nodded. “Mrs Parker's doing. I want you – and the twins – to feel like this is your home.” 
She watched Ruby begin an imaginary conversation while James “vroomed” his trucks all over the floor. This was normal and familiar and for the first time since he'd pulled up into her driveway to pick her and the twins up, she felt her guard come down a little. She murmured, “Looks like they feel at home already.” 
***

Robyn met Mrs Parker the following day as they waited for Eric’s flight to get in. She had the latest tablet on the counter to check the news sites in her breaks.
She set a cup of coffee on the counter for Robyn, eyeing the children with suspicion. “I suppose these two are Mr Fletcher’s as well.”
Robyn nearly choked. “Sorry?”
“They look like him. Similar colouring. Same hair. You sure they’re not his?” She reached into the cupboard for cleaner and rags, and filled a bucket with water. “Who knows what that man is up to, all the comings and goings, the phone calls. The blonde bimbo one minute, a kid on his way the next, then all these children. I’m having trouble keeping up with the man.”
“How do you find him as an employer?” Robyn asked.  
Mrs Parker stopped wiping the sink. “I’ve been with him three years. I work Monday to Friday from ten to three with a thirty minute lunch break and a couple of tea breaks. He pays me well. I’m not looking to go anywhere else.”
Robyn drank her coffee and watched a woman, twice her age and with more agility, clean cupboards.
“Mrs Parker, are you sure I can’t help?” 
“I'm sure.” She began to wipe down the huge pantry door which to Robyn’s eye needed no wiping. “But I appreciate your offer. You just go and do what it is you do. God knows, you’ll be needing your strength with three nippers running around the place. You finish that coffee and I’ll make some scones for you and your offspring. We can talk.” She arched her eyebrows. “Are you following the Body in the Boot trial?”
The day dragged, punctuated with tea breaks where Mrs Parker presented the details of the defence and the prosecution’s angle, before she left for the day. Jack phoned with an approximate time on when they’d arrive home; he’d collected Eric from the arrivals lounge, and they were heading home now.  
Robyn helped the children tidy up as James asked, “Is that boy our new brother?”
“No. He’s Jack’s son, so he’s more like a new friend.” She stacked cars in a blue crate. “I’m going to help look after him when Jack’s at work.”
“And Jack’s going to look after us while you’re at work, instead of Harry?” James piped up.
She shook her head. “I’m not doing that job for the next month.”
She took each of their hands. “Okay, let’s go down and be ready when they get here and remember – Eric is from another country so we’ll speak differently to him.”
The garage door opened on the ground floor, and with butterflies in her stomach, she took the children downstairs to the living area. A minute later Jack pushed open the door. He held it open, and Eric walked through. 
She saw the resemblance to Jack in a flash. Same dark eyes, the almost aquiline shape of his nose, and right now those dark eyes were wide and curious as he glanced at the twins, then at Robyn.
“Eric,” Jack gestured to Robyn, “this is Robyn, and she’ll be staying with us while you’re here. And these are her two children, Ruby and James.”
He looked at them through hesitant eyes.
“Hey, how are you, Eric?” Robyn bent down, her head nearer his level and held out her hand. He took it warily. His skin was pale coming from a North American winter. “Was the flight on the plane okay?”
He swallowed. “It was long.” He glanced at the twins who both stared, intrigued, back at him.
“Are you tired?” Robyn prompted.
He shook his head firmly. “No. I'm not.”
Behind him, Jack said, in that way of a man pretending he was supremely confident but felt anything but, “Let’s get your bags and I’ll show you to your room.”
“'Kay,” Eric murmured.
Robyn watched them leave, and only just stopped the twins from following. There was plenty of time to get acquainted with the boy when he'd had a chance to settle down and, she was sure, have a rest. 
In the kitchen, she began to make coffee and called James and Ruby up to the counter for a drink.
They had plastic mugs now. The glasses they'd used yesterday had ended up back in the cupboard pretty smartly after James had put his glass down too hard on the counter top and cracked it. Jack had promptly driven down to the local mall and come back with sets of plastic bowls and cups.
The absurdity of their domestic situation struck her hard, and she pushed down the coffee plunger with more strength than it needed. 
If they managed to stay out of Jack’s way, it would be fine.  She could do the job she was getting paid for and he could—.Do what? He was hiding, not very successfully, that he had no idea what he was meant to do as the father of a boy he didn’t know, and the more Robyn considered the whole situation, the more confused she became. 
Val Wright had sent her only child to stay with a man she hadn't seen in eight years. Who would do that?
Why not bring him out with her, when they could make a real holiday of it, when she could gauge for herself how they were getting on?  Why now, and not a year ago, or why not wait for the upcoming northern hemisphere holiday? Jack had remarked the timing was perfect from Val’s point of view so she could have this surgical procedure.
A fashion model and a surgical procedure. Don’t pass judgment, Robyn.
The alternative centered around money but that raised its own set of questions because Robyn was certain Jack would have contributed generously. He would not have let his own son go without; he wouldn’t subject his own flesh and blood to the upbringing he’d had to endure. 
But perhaps Val didn’t know that. Which meant she knew very little about him at all. 
And you do?
No. She didn’t. She'd barely known Jack ten years ago, and what she did know had mainly been through speculation and rumour. She had no right to judge when there were times her own life wasn't so great. Wasn't that why she was here after all? Jack’s dilemma had turned out to be a massive hand up to her fledgling business. 
So, yeah. She was the very last person who should be passing judgment on anyone.
***

The next morning, Robyn watched Jack walk warily into the kitchen.
He looked around, saw no one but Robyn, and he exhaled loudly. “Where are they?”
“My children are upstairs.” She gestured. “Your child is right behind you.”
Startled, he glanced behind. Eric stood there, hesitation over his face. He was dressed in jeans and a hockey league T-shirt, his arms at his side.
“Good morning, Eric,” Jack said. He gestured to the blue and white shirt. “Is that a team you support?”
Eric stared blankly at him and Jack raised his eyebrows helplessly at Robyn.
“Come on, Eric,” she said. “Have breakfast. You get to choose a cereal. Or would you rather have toast or eggs?”
“Cereal,” he said.
Robyn put the three unopened boxes of cereal on the counter for him to choose and commented to Jack, “Good on Mrs Parker, thinking of the children like this.”
“Worth every cent I pay her.” He watched Eric uncertainly.
Eric frowned at the boxes and she realized they most likely had different cereals in Canada.
“You can just take a bit to try and see if you like it, first,” she suggested.
“It’s okay. We’ve got ones like these at home,” he told her in a small voice.  She opened the box for him and said, “You pour your own, in case you’re really hungry.”
With an eye on him, she poured a coffee for Jack. Mrs Parker had told her how he liked everything and it appeared he had become a creature of habit. “Disciplined,” Mrs Parker had marvelled. “The most disciplined man you’ll ever meet.”  
He suddenly loosened his neck band and glanced at Eric as he poured cereal into his bowl.
She beckoned to the coffee, and he came over, took the stool next to Eric, and watched him out of the corner of his eye as Eric drowned his bowl in milk. Jack reached for the newspaper. Robyn thought she'd heard a noise when it had been barely light, and had figured he'd gone for a run and grabbed the paper on the way in. It intrigued her he still enjoyed reading the print version of the paper in a digital world.
Robyn wandered over to the windows with the view out over the harbour, but kept her hearing tuned on Jack. There were few sounds; the rustling of the paper, the odd clearing of his throat. Dead silence from Eric.
She turned around to the grim sight of father and son, hunched over the breakfast counter, not talking. Nothing magical going on there. She let her gaze linger a moment — just a moment — on Jack. On his broad shoulders, the cut of his black hair, the musculature of his biceps, evident beneath the snug shirt— She looked quickly away. Remember you’re getting paid to mind his child, Robyn, nothing else.
Yet she'd learnt a lot about him these past days by observing, and by comments Mrs Parker had let slip. Like his relationship with Charlotte. She was sure it had just been convenient, just as this house was convenient. And she was convenient because he didn't really have to get himself involved with Eric, not while she was here, and the twins were here.
“Sit down, Robyn,” Jack commented, not looking up from the paper. “You’re making me nervous.”
Eric dug his spoon into the cereal, brought it to his mouth, then set it down again. 
“Are you okay, Eric?” Robyn asked as she came over.
His bottom lip jutted a fraction. “I miss my mom.”
Silence engulfed the room and inside, Robyn felt a bit of her heart break. He needed a hug, reassurance, something. But it wasn't her role to give it.
Jack cleared his throat. “I know you do. And we'll ring her later so you can talk to her.” He shuffled the paper and for a second she thought he was going to pat Eric on the back. Instead, he said, “You could come out with me later in the week.”
Eric turned to him.
“I’ve got a house that’s nearly finished,” Jack went on. “A new design I want to check. It’s a bit of a drive so you’ll get to see something of Auckland.”
Eric pushed his bowl aside, the cereal barely touched.
“Can I get you anything else,” Robyn asked. “Orange juice? Hot chocolate?”
Eric shook his head. “I want to go and see James. I've got a friend back home called James.” 
A shadow passed across Jack's eyes and Robyn nodded. “He's up in his room with Ruby. You can go and see him, Eric, he'd like that. Both of them would.”
He left his seat without a word and ran out of the room.
Frustration was written across Jack’s face as he waited for the sound of footsteps to disappear.
“What the hell was his mother thinking?” He shook his head in disbelief. “She could have come out with him, stayed here with him. What kind of woman sends a seven-year-old out on his own to a strange country, to have a holiday with people he's never even heard of before?”
“I don’t know. I don’t get it either, but she must have had a pretty good reason.” It was the only explanation even if no one was privy to that reason. 
She'd wondered if Jack should just have said ‘no’ and suggested Eric come out another time. Get someone else to look after her son while she nipped into hospital. There was a godmother, apparently, and wouldn’t she be the obvious choice?
But Jack had a sense of decency about him. He wasn't about to let his child down and that’s what it came down to. Part of him, she suspected, had just been plain curious about his son and who wouldn't be?
His face darkened further as he straightened the paper with a snap. 
She could guess what he'd been thinking, though, because he'd probably come to the same conclusion she had. There was only one reason that made some sense and it hit the headlines in the media every day.
That at the root of this it was all about money. 
***

“So how are you feeling? Dad.” Ethan McGraw grinned. An evil grin, Jack noted as Ethan leant against the front door.
“Panicked,” he growled back. 
Ethan’s grin widened and he pushed himself away from the door as Robyn came through with Eric. She’d been in her room, working on her collection, and Jack had barely seen her. The morning had been hers to work but he’d been aware Ruby and James kept running into her room, and several times she’d come out to sort out some drama. How she got any work done had him beat. But he needed to head back into the office this afternoon and he’d work a late one, catching up on all the work Collette had left for him. He and Robyn might be living in the same house but they didn’t see a lot of each other.
“Hey, Robbie,” Ethan purred.
Robyn grinned back. “Hey, Ethan. It’s nice to see you.” 
A coil of jealousy wound its way through Jack. Ethan was bigger and taller, and his buzz cut gave him an edgy look. He noticed Robyn's gaze had slipped to the T-shirt curled over muscles that made even him jealous. He was tempted to nudge Robyn in the side and say, “Steady, girl.”
Ethan and Robyn chatted as if they'd known each other for an age. He, Jack, and Robyn never chatted like that. There was always something, an edge sitting between them.
“Jack,” she said finally. “I need to head back to my place to get some patterns I left behind.”
“I'll take you over.” Ethan stepped forward.
“You will?” Robyn said.
“It's the least I can do for you after all you're doing, helping out old Jack.”
Jack cut in. “I can take her.”
Robyn hesitated. “But what about Eric and the twins?” They were outside, taking advantage of a fine day but they were hard work, even Jack had to admit. They were nice children, but when they decided they were bored, they were full on.
“You get along,” Mrs Parker interjected, nodding towards Robyn as she stuffed a rag in her waistband following some industrious dusting. “You need a break after being with this lot.” She cast Jack a cursory glance, “Twenty-four seven you know. Anyhow, it’ll do him good to look after his own children.”
“Child,” he corrected. She didn’t really believe the twins were his, did she?
Still. She'd made a point. “Mrs Parker’s right. We’ll hold the fort. You go and get your gear.”
“We’ll have a bite on the way back,” Ethan said. “I fancy something that will probably kill me in ten years’ time. My treat.”
“I’m getting spoilt,” Robyn said, and she glanced at Jack. “You sure this is okay?”
No. Yes. He had no need to worry. So what if Ethan and Robyn did develop a relationship. He should be pleased for them both. 
He plastered a smile on his face.
“Have a good time,” he said.
***

Ethan’s Hummer only just made it up the drive, nearly running over Sage in the process. Robyn gripped the hand rest and wondered how she was going to explain this beast of a truck to her best friend.
“Who’s that?” Ethan jerked his head at Sage who stood with her fist clenched in the air.
“My friend, Sage. She lives next door.”
“Sage, huh?” Ethan was glued to the rear view mirror. “She’s got one smoking attitude. I wouldn’t want to meet her in a dark alley.”
Robyn glanced sideways at him. Ethan McGraw was big, tough and she pitied anybody who got on the wrong side of him. He also had a heart of gold.
He turned to her then, smiled and put his hand on her arm. There was nothing remotely sexual about the gesture. He patted her. She felt like his little sister. “Say, Robyn? I just want to thank you again for how much you’ve done for Jack. The shit has hit the fan big time for him these past few weeks.”
Sage walked stiffly past the Hummer.
Ethan followed her progress. “What gets me about the whole thing is that neither of us saw this. Emily sure as hell didn’t see it.”
Sage stood next to Robyn’s house, her arms folded across her chest, glaring at Ethan’s truck. In spite of her hair, bundled on top of her head in a deceptively ditzy blonde mess, she looked furious.
Ethan said, “I better let you get your stuff. If you don’t mind, I’ll wait here. That blonde is giving me the creeps.”
Robyn opened the door of the cab. “I won’t be long.”
Sage was still glaring at Ethan and as soon as she and Robyn stepped inside, demanded, “Who the heck is that?” 
“Ethan McGraw. A friend of Jack's.” Robyn led the way down to her room and began flipping through fabrics. “He offered to bring me over to get some more gear.” She found what she wanted, stacked the fabric in a spare shopping bag, and went to her wardrobe and began flicking through.
“He looks military,” Sage noted with disapproval.
“I don't think he is. At least, not any more. He’s in business like Jack. Property development.”
“A property developer, I should have known.” Sage inhaled noisily. 
Robyn found a couple of extra skirts and added them to the mix and they went back down to the lounge.
“That's everything I think.” She paused to glance around her home. Funny how much smaller it seemed now. The whole house could fit into Jack’s open plan kitchen and living room. Her heart tugged a bit. But she still loved it.
“I’m just glad everything’s going okay with this ridiculously insane set up,” Sage commented as they stepped outside.
Robyn locked the door, pulled it a couple of times to make sure it was secure, and Sage said, “So this whole thing with Jack was the right thing to do?”
“I think so.” Robyn pocketed her key. “I know it’s a crazy plan and I know it has potential to fall apart.” She pictured the confusion written all over Eric’s face, and then Jack, and the frustration that seemed to permanently line his. Yet there was something that might grow into love there. Jack had come to care for Eric and she was discovering a side to him that she hadn't seen before. It was a heck of an attractive thing.
“Robyn?” Sage cocked her head, her eyes wide. “You’re getting a look.”
Robyn straightened, ignoring Sage's comment. “The website is almost up and running and Jack's got a photographer friend who specializes in children’s fashion coming over to take photos of Ruby and James in the clothes for the catalogue. She thinks they'll be great little models.”
It was cutting it fine. Cutting it real fine but having a professional take the photographs was going to make it so much better, and give it so much more of a sophisticated edge.  In a way it was coming together better than she could have imagined. If she could keep up the pace — she drew an optimistic breath — they would be fine.
Sage glared at Ethan’s vehicle and Robyn almost laughed out loud. “Quit looking like that. Ethan's done a lot for Emily Randell. He took her to his house when it all hit the papers, he is protecting her. He’d be a really great guy to have on your side.”
Sage inhaled sharply through her nose as she gave the Hummer another once over. “So you keep saying,” she said.
“Look, come over and have coffee one day.” Robyn gave her a quick hug. “And give my love to Harry. I miss her. Tell her she can come over here any time and use my place to study if she wants.”
Sage nodded. “Call me. I want to check out this house you've fallen in love with. Just make sure...”
She glared over at Ethan who was standing, leaning against the door, talking on his phone. He'd slipped his dark glasses back on and Robyn had no idea who he was looking at.
“Just make sure Mr Million-Push-Ups-A-Day isn't around,” Sage said with a tight frown.


CHAPTER EIGHT


The next morning Jack woke with a feeling of conviction. Today he was going to be a parent. He was going to give it all he had and start to earn that title of ‘Dad’ and be one.
At breakfast he said to Robyn, “I think I’ll jump in the deep end with this whole parenting thing and take Eric with me for the day.”
Robyn was busy putting together snacks; last night she’d said something about heading up to a park at the tip of the East Coast Bays.
Now, she stared at him in surprise. “You're taking Eric for the whole day? Do you really think you’re ready for something like that?”
Disappointment shafted through him at her lack of faith, but he dismissed it. He was getting used to it, after all. Robyn, Mrs Parker, Ethan. “Of course I am ready for it. I thought we’d go and look at one of the housing projects, then head over to see Emily.”
The media had lain off the past week and he was hopeful it was close to over. He hadn’t heard from either Brad or Charlotte; didn’t expect to and didn’t want to.
He reached out, snagged a piece of diced cheese, and she said, “I’ve made one of these up for Eric so you might as well take it with you.”
He grinned. “That’s very thoughtful.” 
She sealed a Ziploc bag. “It’s what you’re paying me to do.”
The grin slipped. That felt like a slap. Maybe not so much a slap but a sharp tap.
She really did have no faith in him.
He said impulsively, “Why don’t I take Ruby and James along as well?”
The knife dropped from her hand with a clatter. “What?” she squeaked.
“It makes sense. You'd have the whole day to do your creative thing with your designs with all the offspring out of the way.”
“You? You want to take Ruby and James as well?”
He narrowed his gaze at her reaction. “Why not? I’ll take all three of them. We’ll head up to see the house, then go over to Ethan’s to see Emily’s.” He stopped. Was it a good idea to go and see her with three young children? She was pregnant and now she was single. He had no idea but it was either very good or it was very bad.
What he did know, though, was that Emily was starting to adapt to the idea of raising the baby on her own. She had no other choice. He glanced at Robyn. Robyn had done it and heaven knows, so had Val. And the three kids seemed okay for lack of a regular father figure. Yeah, it was a good thing. It would show Em it could all work out.
Robyn looked staunchly dubious.
“What?” He grabbed a piece of celery, took a bite. “You don’t think I can manage it?”
She pressed her lips together, then turned away. 
“What can go wrong?” he said. “They’ll be in the car, they’ll be safe.”
“I don’t know.” She bit down on her lip.
The frown on her forehead was saying it all. That lip biting just affirmed it.
He reached over, put his hand on her upper arm. Found himself sliding his hand to her shoulder. Sparks shot up his skin and he let go, as if he’d been burnt. Robyn looked directly at him, then away.
An aberration. Whatever that had been, it was an aberration.
He focused intently back on the issue. “Like I was saying. What can seriously go wrong?”
She looked as if a hundred scenarios were running through her head.
“Because what you are saying,” he went on, “is that you don’t actually trust me.” That slap had just grown into a full blown punch to the gut and he wasn't even sure why he was pressing this. It had gone from maybe taking a boy who wasn’t even sure he wanted to spend time with his old man, to taking two others who would have been quite happy, he was sure, to stay here watching movies.
“You're right. Of course you’re right. Nothing will go wrong.” She lifted her arms as if she'd surrendered her life to him but the look in her eyes spoke a different story. “You take them.”
***

They had been arguing over who got to sit where, so Jack put Ruby in the middle.
He headed out, drove well below the speed limit, and kept his eye on them via the rear view mirror. They were making their way along the East Coast Bays Road when James proceeded to steal Ruby’s pink blanket and she screamed, giving Jack such a shock, he swore. Loudly.
Three pairs of eyes stared at him in the mirror.
He pulled over, and plonked Ruby in the front, muttering the whole time he wrestled with her cowboy booster seat and the seat belt. Had no call for these when I was a kid. But then, no one had cared.  
James yelled that it wasn’t fair that a girl got to sit in the front, to which Ruby looked surprisingly smug, stuck her thumb in her mouth and pressed her blanket to her face.
Eric, who had been reasonably quiet most of the trip, appeared to have come out of his shell and agreed with James. 
Jack shoved the car into gear and drove. The two conspired in the back seat and Ruby appeared to be in a dream. 
At one point she turned to him and said, “Are you our boyfriend?”
“Boyfriend?”
“Harry says you’re our boyfriend.”
“You mean Harriet? The babysitter?”
Ruby nodded
“Ah. Teenagers.” So there was some sort of teenage definition behind ‘boyfriend’ these days he wasn’t familiar with. “Is Sage your mother’s girlfriend?” he asked Ruby.
Ruby nodded.
“Then, yeah, I guess. Your mother and I are friends and I’m a — boy. So I guess so. Sort of.”
Confidence grew in him. This wasn’t too bad. At the building site he gave an apprentice painter a hundred dollars and told him to make sure the kids didn’t move from their seats. 
Unfortunately, while they didn’t move, the boys yelled and Ruby squealed, and they were all a second off physical violence by the time Jack interjected. His planned thirty minute inspection took three minutes fifty six seconds. 
He drove to Ethan’s and the minute he jerked on the handbrake, he felt relief.
“Where are we?” Eric asked.
“My friend’s house.” He waved as Emily appeared at the door. Sweet heaven, a woman. One with burgeoning maternal feelings. He felt as if he’d just docked after months at sea. He got out to undo all their seatbelts. “Come on kids.”
***

An hour later, Robyn seemed surprised to see them back so soon.
“So it went okay?” she asked. She was folding up towels.
Jack straightened. “Fine. No problems. Well,” he amended, deciding honesty was the best policy, especially when it came to a girl like Ruby, “James did his thing with the pink blanket.”
“As long as there is a pink blanket, there will be drama, unfortunately.”
Jack scratched his chin. “It’s not confined to just him either. Emily tried to take it, just to look at it, and Ruby screamed. It was unbelievable.”
Robyn winced. “I hope Emily wasn’t freaked out.”
“No. Not at all.” He reached into his wallet and pulled out tickets. “She gave us passes to some pet show.”
He glanced up at the counter where Ruby and James were colouring, the granite surface now scattered with pens and crayons and paper. Eric was still on the phone to his mother. He’d been there fifteen minutes and Jack had heard tears early on in the piece. 
Maybe this pet show would cheer him up since Jack didn't seem capable of cheering his own son up by himself.
He handed her the tickets. “What do you think?”
Robyn's eyes widened. “Jack, this is perfect. James and Ruby love that zoo programme on TV and I’ve heard that some of the keepers from the show are going to be at this.”
“Good. And I'm pretty sure a kid Eric's age would like this kind of thing.” He rapped his fingers on the counter and glanced back to the study at the far end. He wanted a word with Val anyway.
“You know,” Robyn said. She scooped up some crayons that had rolled on to the floor.
She set them in the box on the counter, and gestured to the study. “I’ve been thinking about why Val sent Eric out here.”
Jack’s ears pricked up. “And?”
Robyn leant against the counter. “She wants him to know you, right, and he’s old enough to understand that you are his real father and what that means. But if she waited another few years, he might understand it on a whole different level.”
He shook his head. “You've lost me.”
“Well, let’s say Val waited until he was a teenager. He’d be at that age where he'd resent her for keeping it a secret all those years, and he'd resent you for only taking an interest when he was only a few years off adulthood, anyway. He'd look back at all that time growing up with no father, think where the heck were you, and probably end up hating you.”
“And you believe a one-month visit will prevent it?”
She shrugged. “It's a start and it has to begin somewhere. Maybe Val will bring him over regularly, maybe you'll go to Canada to visit. You'll be able to keep in regular contact with him on Skype, send photos, that kind of thing.”
It made some sense to him. “Is that the wisdom of motherhood?” he asked.
She shook her head. “Women's magazines.”
“Well, it sounds plausible. You’re probably right. There is nothing to worry about.” He picked up the tickets. “I thought this might take his mind off Val, as well.”
“I'm positive he'll love it. He can help me keep an eye on the twins.”
Jack put the tickets back down. “He can be a kid and enjoy the show. I'll help watch the twins.”
Robyn’s jaw dropped in such a way it was almost comical. “You. You’re going to the pet show?”
“Did you think I just meant you and the kids?”
“Actually, yes, I did.”
“Then,” he murmured, again annoyed that she'd discounted him so quickly, “you're wrong. Now I’m a father, I think it’s about time I got a handle on all this stuff.”

 


CHAPTER NINE


“I was under the impression,” Jack muttered, as the woman behind him bashed a bag into his legs, “that Emily said because the tickets had been ordered online, we wouldn’t have to queue.”
“That,” Robyn said, pointing to the huge, slow queue to their right, “is the queue to get in if you didn’t pre-book.” Robyn held James with one hand, Ruby with the other, and a backpack filled with snacks and drinks. He hadn’t realized, until Ruby said she was thirsty and Robyn produced a bottle of drink, what was in the bag. He’d been about to say, why bother when there were stalls selling everything from hotdogs to lamb curry to vegetarian wraps. He’d stopped himself in time. She was on a budget. The food here probably cost a fortune, and she was used to doing this.
“Anyhow, this queue is for Muppet. Everyone wants to see him.”
All he'd heard about in the car on the way to the show grounds was the kids talking about Muppet. “Who is this Muppet again?”
She looked at him as if he were a complete imbecile. “Muppet,” she explained, “is a sheep whose owner hadn’t been able to catch for years. He was finally captured six months ago. He lived on a South Island high country farm and he escaped shearing for years. When they found him, his wool was so thick they weighed it and it set a new world record.”
“I heard about Muppet back home,” Eric put in. “He was on CNN. We even did a project on him at school.”
Jack gestured ahead. “Then Muppet it is.”
“You can get your photo taken with him,” Eric said. 
Jack nodded. “Sounds good. We can send one home to your mother.”
“Can we get a photo?” James put in. He was jumping on the spot to try and see over the head of the six foot guy in front of him.
“And me, too,” Ruby said. “Me and Muppet.”
Robyn hesitated. 
“Course you can,” Jack cut in. He saw the flush over her face, realized once again it had come down to money. “I brought you here, so it’s my treat.” He raised his eyebrows at Robyn. “If that’s all right with your mother.”
“Please, Mum,” James said.
“Please, Mum,” Ruby echoed.
“Of course you can.” She glanced up at him then. “I appreciate that.”
It was such a small gesture, and for a moment it made him feel worse, not better. As he watched Eric, his mind went back to Val. What had she sacrificed to raise Eric all these years? 
They were close to going in to see this sheep now, moving slowly across the concrete floor towards the barn door but his mind stayed on Val. She’d sacrificed her career for her son. His son, now impatient to see Muppet.
A thought struck him hard. Was that what had happened to Robyn’s medical career? She'd had the twins and sacrificed her future, the one she'd worked so hard for, to raise them? She was divorced; she'd said something once about having been divorced for a year, and you needed to live apart for two years to apply for a divorce under New Zealand law. The twins were nearly five, so the marriage break-up had happened when they were younger, barely toddlers. Like Eric, they'd never known their father. 
“Everything all right?”  Robyn was watching him closely, curiously. “Not scared of sheep are you?”
He smiled, and then laughed. “Do I look like I’m scared of sheep?”
She shook her head, her gaze not leaving his face. “I don’t think there’s much you’re scared of.”  She looked away then, and his heart lurched in his chest.
She was wrong. He was scared of a lot of things. And right at the top of the list was how, in only a week, he was getting so used to her being in his life.
The person behind him jabbed him with the bag again, and he only just refrained from turning around and doing heaven-knows-what back. Knowing his luck, he sighed, as they took another step closer to the entrance of the Muppet hall, it’d be someone addicted to media scandals who had lapped up the whole Charlotte-Brad drama. And that he didn’t need.
He also didn’t need to feel this attraction to Robyn. He watched her, holding Ruby's hand in her own, and awareness flashed through him, jolted through him, catching him off guard. Attraction? Here? They were standing in a queue of irritable parents and overexcited kids, for goodness sake, but yes. It was attraction. Undeniable attraction.
She was smart and funny and she was so fiercely protective of those children — the thought leapt into his mind – would she be fiercely protective of him? 
He looked over the heads of parents and grandparents and the thousands of animal lovers. Quit thinking like that. Focus on your son. The last thing he needed to do was scare Robyn off, leaving him to look after Eric on his own. He needed her to stay. 
She moved forward. Her jeans were slim fitting, her jacket loose, but when she lifted her arm to brush back her hair, he saw the T-shirt underneath was tight.
He felt another hard jab in his back again, and gritted his teeth.
Good job, he muttered to himself as he planned what to do if that person did it again. Bloody good job.
***

After they'd marvelled at Muppet the sheep, Eric wanted to go and watch the horse jumping but James wanted to check out the farm animals.
Jack suggested, “I’ll take Eric to see the horse jumping.”
“Can’t Jack come with me?” James sidled a step away from Robyn towards Jack and fixed him with a pleading look
 “It’s okay with me if I see the cows and sheep.” A surprising sense of endearment warmed Jack. He liked the little fella. It was nice that feeling was being returned. “But will you be okay with Eric?”
Robyn nodded. “Sure. We could just meet back here in an hour. That should be plenty of time. What do you think, Ruby? Do you want to watch the horses?”
“I want to see the sheep and the cows and the pigs,” Ruby piped up.
Robyn hesitated. “Maybe I should take them both and you take Eric.”
“I want to go with Jack,” James said.
“I want to go with Jack,” Ruby echoed.
“It’s fine with me.” Jack hoped he sounded confident but inside he wasn’t so sure. Looking after two little kids in a house with the safety and security of their mother close by was one thing. Being on their own in this — he glanced around at the crowds — in this potential disaster waiting to happen, was another. 
“I don’t know.” Robyn had followed his gaze, like she was reading his mind. “Maybe it’s not a good idea for the twins to go with you.”
Something – masculine pride, perhaps – raced to the forefront. “Robyn, it’ll be fine. Really.” His stomach lurched a little but he managed a smile. He hoped it looked reassuring. “What do you say, kids? Shall we go and check out those farm animals?”
“Yes,” they echoed.
Robyn’s forehead creased. “Well, take Jack’s hand, Ruby and James. One on each side and don’t leave him.” She leant closer and whispered, “Honestly, make sure they don’t leave you. James has escape artist tendencies. He doesn’t know the meaning of the word restraint.”
“We’ll be fine.” Jack took their little hands in his and for a moment, that sense of panic returned. Their hands were warm and small. So innocent. 
“Eric and I better go. The horse jumping has started.” She bent to Ruby and James. “You stay close to Jack, and do everything he says, okay? Promise?”
“Yes, Mum,” Ruby said. James echoed her.
She straightened, glanced at Jack.
I can do this, he said to himself. Of course I can do this.
“We’ll meet back here in an hour,” he said.
She nodded. “Have fun.”
***

To his surprise, Jack did have fun. The ten minute wait in the queue to get into the barn with the animals had been worth it. Twenty minutes later, he was getting a real kick out of the twins’ faces as they smiled and laughed and watched the animals with awe. 
He’d never seen anything like that sweet, innocent wonder, and he had never felt anything like his own at watching them. 
A woman alongside jostled him and he looked around in time to see her try and push her son nearer the front.
Protective instinct overcame Jack in a flash, and he edged a little closer to Ruby and James. Her son whined that he couldn’t see.
Tough, he thought. We’ve all had to wait our turn, mate.
The woman edged even closer. The way she was nudging them, Ruby and James were going to lose their spot. 
Robyn did not let me look after her children for me to lose their spot, he reminded himself. He moved closer to them, leaning so his legs anchored them and he put his arms around them.
They were small and warm and smelt of orange juice and candy floss and the fruity shampoo Robyn bought for them. 
Ruby pointed to the lambs.
“I’m gonna ask Mum if we can get a lamb,” she told James.
“We don’t live on a farm.” James was thoughtful. “Maybe we can ask if we can live on a farm.”
Ruby gasped. “Then we'd have room for two lambs.”
She turned to look up at Jack, her eyes lit up, and for that fraction, there was a look, a moment of familiarity, that reminded Jack of how he used to think of Robyn as a school girl. There’d been an aura of innocence about her. He frowned. Now he thought about it, there’d been something about Robyn Taylor that had caught his attention a few times. 
And then there was her father, who had even come round to his house to see him when he’d been staying away from school in his final year.
Even now, it was hard to shake the embarrassment when his mother, dressed in the same clothes she’d been wearing for days, had answered the door and called out to him that there was some man there to see him, and what the hell kind of trouble was he in now.
He’d never felt shame at the state of the house before then: of the mess, of the boxes of empty wine bottles piled up on the porch, of the foul smell of stubbed-out cigarettes in ashtrays that rarely got cleared. But right then, he had.
In public he’d given every indication of disrespect to Mr Taylor, but deep down it was a different story. Deep down there’d been a part of him that had wished his own father could have been more like Principal Taylor.
“The pig said oink,” Ruby gasped. 
“I saw the cow do a poo,” James told her and they both laughed.
Ruby suddenly began to jiggle on the spot. “I need to go the toilet.”
“I need to go, too,” James agreed.
Jack straightened. “I’ll take you both. I saw a toilet block on the way in, and we’ll go there. Are you sure you’ve seen enough of the farm animals? We won’t be able to see them again if we go out. The queues are a mile long.” Someone behind him had said he’d waited nearly half an hour to get in and the queue was growing.
“I’m busting,” Ruby complained. She began to jiggle even more.
“Okay, we’re off. Hold my hand and we’ll get you to those toilets.”
He held their hands for dear life as they threaded their way through crowds of people and made their way outside. Don’t lose James, don’t lose James, Robyn’s voice echoed in his head. 
Jack blinked in the bright light, and led them down to the toilet block.
One side announced, Men. The other, Ladies.
“Umm.” He glanced at the twins. “Do you go to the toilet on your own?”
“I’m four,” James said. He jiggled. “Mum takes me into the ladies sometimes.”
A man went into the men’s toilet and cast James a strange look. Uneasiness went up Jack’s spine. “Look, I’m coming with you, James. You shouldn’t go into a toilet on your own.”
“I’m not going into that toilet,” Ruby said, “and I need to go now. I’m going to the one for girls.”
“But you can’t go in on your own.” She was jiggling even more now, and Jack cursed his generosity in buying them orange drinks earlier.
“You can’t come into the girls’ one,” Ruby told him. “You’re not allowed.”
He looked at both the children, and decided Ruby would be safer on her own in the Ladies than James would in the Men’s. 
“Okay, here’s what I’m going to do. I’ll take James with me, and you go into the girls.” On the off-chance, he glanced around to see if there was a woman he could ask to keep an eye on her. Was that how you did things? Ask a complete stranger to keep an eye on the child? No. He was not about to trust a stranger with Ruby.
“Make sure you wash your hands and come straight back out here,” he told her. “I’ll be waiting right here for you, okay Ruby?”
“Okay.” She took off through the door, Jack watched a few grandmotherly types go in after her, and he darted into the men's side quickly with James. 
“I’m okay,” James said.
“I know you are, mate.” He seemed to know what he was doing but Jack kept an eye on him a bit longer. “I’ll be outside. Be as quick as you can.”
What else did you say? “And, umm — yell if anyone—” Anyone what? He lowered his voice. “Hurts you,” he said quietly. The last thing he needed was for anyone here to think he was accusing them of anything. He added, “And wash your hands but make it quick.”
Another father was there, keeping an eye on a son taking ages. He nodded at Jack, and Jack nodded back. Clearly he'd passed muster as the father. That was good.
He could do this. Even better, he was doing this.
He stepped outside, and positioned himself so he could see both doors. 
A few long minutes later, James walked out. He held his hands up. “I washed them,” he said. “But the soap isn’t as nice as the stuff at your house. Your stuff smells like vanilla milkshake.”
“Good.” They were probably lucky there was any soap left, judging by the crowds. Jack focused on the women’s entrance. “Now we just have to wait for Ruby.”
“Girls take ages,” James sighed. 
Jack grimaced in empathy. “Don’t I know it.” He kept his gaze focused on the door for Ruby. She’d been wearing her denim jacket and a pink skirt. And a Care Bear cap. Ruby had spent most of the trip to the showgrounds telling him the names of the Care Bears. Share Bear, Love-A-Lot Bear. No doubt he’d be having Care Bear nightmares tonight.
“Can we find Mum?” James asked.
Jack consulted his watch. “We’ve got ten minutes before we have to meet back at that stand.”
More women came out, and his gaze zeroed in on a woman in a grey and blue striped shirt. She’d gone in about the same time as Ruby – he was sure of it.
Another lady came out, and he did a double take. He'd been standing here waiting for Ruby when she'd walked past to go in. He knew he had. He recognized the facial piercings. What on earth was Ruby doing in there?
A teenage girl walked slowly out, glued to her phone, and Jack called out, “Excuse me?”
She looked up.
He said, “Is there a queue in there? I’m waiting for someone.”
“No.” She shook her head. “Not really. It’s the toilets over the other side that’s got the queues.”
His uneasiness grew. More people went in, more came out, and they were moving fast.
“Ruby should be finished by now,” he said to James, half under his breath.
A lady came out with a girl Ruby’s age and Jack knew, with a sickening jolt, that she had definitely gone in long after Ruby. 
Panic rose in his chest. “James, can you go in and see if you can find your sister?”
James screwed his face up. “I’m a boy.”
“You don’t have to go right in there. Just step in the entrance way, and call out Ruby’s name, and see if she answers.”
He took James hand and went over to the entrance. On second thought, this was the sort of the thing that could harm a boy for life. Just because Jack’s own parents had left him responsible for his siblings, didn’t mean he had to start with James. 
He stood in the doorway and called out, “Ruby, are you in there?”
There was a scream, and a hushed, “There’s a man in here,” and he promptly backed out.
A woman around his age came out and Jack said, “Excuse me, I’m looking for my—”
What was he meant to call her? If he said “little girl,” he wouldn’t blame the woman for calling security. “My daughter,” he said. “She’s four. She looks a lot like him.” He gestured to James. “And she’s wearing a denim jacket and a pink skirt.”
The woman glanced at James, then back up at Jack. Her eyes flashed with admiration. He’d seen that look a lot in the hour he’d been with Ruby and James. “I’ll just go and look.”
She went back in, and came out ten seconds later, shaking her head. “No, she’s not in there. I called but no one answered to that name.”
“Maybe she’s still on the toilet and didn't hear,” James suggested.
Jack glanced at his watch. They’d been waiting well over five minutes. This was ridiculous. It made no sense. Panic pitched impossibly harder in his chest.
“Maybe she went out the other exit,” the woman suggested. 
Jack froze. He said slowly, “The what?”
“The other exit.” She pointed. “It’s just around the corner.”
Jack took James’ hand and walked quickly around the corner.
He stopped and stared, and his heart beat began to slow down.
There was a second exit.
He watched the people going in and coming out.
A second exit.
And there was no sign of Ruby. Anywhere.
***

Robyn was early but Eric had had enough of the show jumping. What he wanted now was his own horse and he could talk of nothing else.  
They went past a hot dog stand, and her stomach grumbled. The smell of tomato sauce and mustard and onion and hot dog was delicious. She had muesli bars and fruit in her bag. 
“What do you want to see next?” she asked Eric.
He screwed up his face thoughtfully. “I want something to eat.”
“I know exactly what you mean. I’m hungry, too.” She reached in her bag, and pulled out a muesli bar. “Have this to go on with.” He took it with thanks, they binned the wrapper and he munched away.
Suddenly, he pointed, “There’s my dad.”
She followed his outstretched arm to see Jack holding on to James. They both seemed to be searching. At one point, he stopped, then he moved towards them.
Robyn looked for Ruby. Probably holding on to Jack’s jacket, following behind. 
Jack reached them, took a deep breath, his face alarmingly pale. 
Robyn frowned. “Is something wrong? You look strange.”
Jack hesitated the barest moment. “I’ve lost Ruby.” His voice was thick.
“Sorry?” She glanced around. Ruby wasn’t here?
“She got lost in the toilet,” James put in. “She went out the wrong door.”
Jack said, “We’ve looked everywhere. I’ve asked women to check but I can’t find her. There were two exits and I was waiting at the other one.”
“Okay.” Panic made Robyn’s breath fast. Ruby was lost in a crowd.  In a crowd of thousands.  “Okay.”
She waited a second for her thoughts to clear, for the worry to subside. This had happened before but it was normally James who went missing. “Okay. We should split up to find her. She can’t have gone far. She’s probably sitting down somewhere.”
Of course she was. Just a little bit lost, that’s all, sitting down somewhere, waiting to be found. She was okay. Of course she was.
Jack said, “I’ll take Eric, you take James. We’ll go back to the toilet block and spread out from there.”
He led her, guilt ripping through him with every step; every child he saw safe and secure with a parent.   
How was he to know there were two exits? How many other parents had suffered the same shock?
Or was it just him.
“That’s the toilet block,” he said as they approached it. He beckoned to the pavilion next door. “I’ll go that way to look.”
She nodded, her gaze skittering over the crowd. “I’ll head back.”
“We’ll text if we find anything.”
“Yes—No.” She groaned. “I left the phone in the car. I was texting Sage.”
He nodded grimly. “Then we meet back here in ten minutes, then take it from there.”
He reached out and squeezed her shoulder. She felt like ice. Or was that just the feeling in his hand? “We’ll find her, Robyn. She can’t have gone far. No security guard is going to let a child walk out.”
“I know.” In spite of her words the colour of her face said she was worried. The place was crowded and Ruby must be so scared, lost and alone. And unsafe.
“There’s a lost children’s area, I’m not sure where it is, over by the sheep shearing expo somewhere. I’ll check there, see if they can put an announcement out over the loudspeaker.”
He nodded, released his grip. “We’ll find Ruby.”


Jack had never felt so useless. So completely useless. It hadn’t eased when a voice over the loudspeaker announced a little girl was missing, and gave Ruby’s description. As he scanned the crowds, he realized just how popular denim jackets and pink skirts were with girls, and his hopes sunk. 
“There she is,” Eric suddenly yelled, and Jack spun around to see a woman holding Ruby. Ruby was sobbing, her face red and wet.
Relief ripped through his body as he ran towards her, Eric in tow. She saw him and her arms went out as she cried, “Jack. ‘Ric.”
“I found her standing looking at the pictures,” the woman said, gesturing to a stand she was manning. “She wouldn’t tell me her name but I thought she fitted the description of the little girl that just came over the loudspeaker. I was waiting for my husband to come back so I could take her over to the lost children’s shed.”
“Thank you, thank you,” Jack repeated, as he took Ruby. His heart swelled. “Thank you, so much.” 
“I got losted,” she cried, as she burst into tears.  “I came out of the toilet and you were gone.”
Her arms went around Jack, her wet face buried against his neck as she sobbed, “I want Mummy.”
“I know, Rubes, I know.” He thanked the woman profusely, and made a mental note of her name badge, and that she was with the animal protection stand.
“Thank you again,” he told her.
She waved his thanks away with a smile. “Just glad she’s safely back with her dad.”
Her dad. “Stick close by, Eric,” he told his son, as they turned and went back to the pavilion where they’d arranged to meet. How did parents do it, he wondered, his arms around Ruby, constantly checking Eric was still with them. 
Ruby gradually stopped sobbing and he felt her look up and around. Her face was still red and tear stained. His neck was wet, too. She gave a last sob.
I did this to you, he thought, holding her tighter. She protested and wriggled to be let down.
He let her down, and grabbed hold of her hand tight. “Do not let my hand go and we’ll see your mum in a minute.”
She hiccoughed and as they arrived at the stand, he turned, anxious for any sight of Robyn, anxious to not let her misery last a second later.
His thoughts raced in time to the frantic pounding of his heart. Ruby needed her mother, not some man who couldn’t keep tabs on her. Robyn had the mother thing down pat. His mind flicked back to the night Eric arrived and how natural it had been for her. They'd helped him unpack and at the bottom of his case had been a worn teddy bear he'd called Dudley. He’d been visibly embarrassed about having a soft toy, but in seconds Robyn had eased his discomfort by speaking to Dudley — it would never have crossed his mind to do that. With each second, Eric had dropped his reserve, until a smile had lit his face. It was an understatement to say she had a way about her but she did. A way that was calming, and it wasn’t just there in the words she spoke, it was her. 
He heard her voice. “Oh, thank God,” and she bent down to hug her daughter. Ruby let go of his hand. After a second, he shoved it into his pocket. It was cold. 
“Thank God you’re okay,” Robyn murmured, and Ruby burst into tears again.
“It’s not your fault, Ruby,” Jack said, as Ruby looked up at him through teary eyes. “It’s mine, I’m sorry.”
“It’s no one’s fault.” Robyn stood up then, relief written all over her face. “It was a – a difficult situation. It happens to parents the world over, all the time.”
He rubbed his hand through his hair, frustration grinding into him. It was only going to the toilet for goodness sake. He oversaw a business, employed people who depended on him for their livelihood. This was only going to the damned toilet, and the stress had nearly killed him.
“It happens,” she told him. “There are six other parents over there who managed to lose their children.” 
She was trying to make him feel better. He knew that, and he had the feeling that if she wasn’t holding her children’s hands so tightly, she’d have patted him on the back and murmured to him, “There, there, Jackie.”
And he wouldn’t have minded. 
“I’m hungry,” James announced. 
“I think we might all be,” Jack said, although the last thing he wanted to do was eat. A stiff drink, though? The last half hour had left him more exhausted than a gym workout.
“There’s a place out by the show jumping,” Eric suggested. “They had coffee.” His voice halted a moment. “My mom likes those kinds of places.”
Robyn gave his shoulder a quick squeeze. “He’s right. There’s a café there. Lots of tables, and the coffee smelt lovely.”
“Sounds perfect. How about you lead the way, Eric? And it’s my treat. Whatever you want, we’ll order.”
Robyn relinquished her hold on James so he could walk with Eric but they all stayed close. After a minute, Ruby ran to join the other two, trying to butt into their conversation.
“Back to normal,” Robyn said with relief.
Colour had returned to her cheeks, laughter to her voice, but it had been a hideous moment.
How had she coped on her own? 
She looked up and met his gaze. “Stop worrying,” she said perceptively. 
“It’s hard not to,” he admitted.
“I told you before, this kind of thing happens. It’s part of being a parent. Which, don’t forget, you are now.”
He focused ahead, trying to ignore the fruity scent of her perfume, the heat of her body alongside his. 
That was the point. He’d been a parent all of one week and lost a child that wasn’t even his.
It only made him understand just how he wasn’t cut out to be a father. Not now.
And, he added, grimly, not ever.
 


CHAPTER TEN


By the time they got home, they had forgotten all about Ruby going missing, and the focus had moved on to Muppet and whether they could all live on a farm.
The farm conversation drifted over to the following morning, but for Jack, the incident over Ruby was still there, lurking in his mind and tormenting him. The look on her face when he'd found her, and his own panic at losing her. Robyn trying not to blame him for what had happened.
At work, he found himself struggling to concentrate and was grateful for a brunch meeting he and Collette had arranged. 
He checked his watch as he walked out of the building onto Broadway, Newmarket's main road. He was running late, and Collette didn’t help by announcing, “You look like crap.”
“It will please you to know I feel it.” 
“A tough night at the Fletcher family residence?”
He shoved his hands in his pockets as they walked down Broadway towards the retail and café area. They were meeting the managers of the lower North Island branch who’d travelled up to Auckland for what Jack hoped would become an annual event for them. They would talk shop over a big breakfast and coffee, the men and their wives would spend the day touring Waiheke Island, a thirty minute ferry ride away, and later tonight they'd all meet up for dinner on the waterfront. When the trip had been arranged, Charlotte had been his partner. Now he was going solo. No doubt his managers had gotten over the disappointment, though it struck him as interesting the wives had been the ones keen to meet Charlotte.
He focused back on Collette. “It was a tough day.” He didn't mention Ruby, although no doubt Collette would recount parental horror stories designed to make him feel better. 
“So how is Eric doing?” They paused at lights and she added, “You realize you don't talk about him much?”
Yesterday's outing had broken more ice but there was still a barrier there, a reserve. On both sides. “I think he's okay. Misses his mother a lot.” He let out a deep breath. “On the plus side, getting a live-in nanny was a terrific idea. Eric likes the twins and they seem to like him.”
She gave a short laugh. “May it last. Two's company, three's a crowd you know.” They crossed the road and he sighted the café up ahead. She went on, “You often get two ganging up against one. Happened with me and my siblings all the time.”
He shook his head. “I haven't seen it. But then I'm hardly around. That's kind of the idea of hiring a nanny.”
“What about your family?” she said.
He glanced sideways at her. “My family?”
“Your family. You have parents. I think brothers and a sister? They live up north in Kopane? Remember?”
If she was trying to be funny, it wasn't working. “What about them?”
“For starters, wouldn't they like to meet their grandson? You could take him up there, and show him parts of Northland along the way.” They sidestepped a couple of chatting Remuera ladies. “Sounds like a good bonding exercise all round.”
Bonding. The word made him squirm. “I don't think so, Collette.”
“Why not?” She looked perplexed. “They're Eric's family, too. Jack. If I found out one of my kids had a long-lost child, I'd want to meet him or her.”
They'd reached the café and he saw two of his branch managers were already inside, a waitress setting two cups of coffee between them. Good.
He was about to walk inside when Collette touched his sleeve. There was a quizzical look on her face and he registered the confusion in her eyes. “I'm serious, Jack. Don't you think it would be good for him to meet this new family of his while he's got the opportunity?”
Her green eyes were looking straight at him, as if daring him, as if knowing full well he was going to say no.
“No.”
“But Jack—”
“Collette. No.” 
She removed her hand. “Most people would want to know their grandchildren.”
And there it was. Most people. 
Because his folks were not 'most people'.
They were his people. And while he'd alluded to his upbringing, he had never come close to telling Collette the truth. She didn't need to know. Nor did his staff need to know beyond his classic rags to riches story.
So, yeah, dragging an innocent seven-year-old kid to witness for himself what kind of blood he had running through his veins was not going to happen.


Sage had offered to take the children – all three of them – to the zoo since they were still talking about Muppet and the other animals.
She was bored, she told Robyn. Harriet was away for the weekend on a study trip and the house was so quiet, she was going crazy.
She pulled up just after ten, a basket of food and drink on the seat beside her in the van. 
Jack had followed Robyn out, but he paused on the steps with Ethan. Ethan had dropped in and the two had spent much of the past few minutes deep in conversation. Sage inhaled sharply at the sight of Ethan, and Robyn glanced back at Jack. She'd caught snippets of the conversation, and had gathered that Brad had gone around to see Emily, and Emily had taken an emotional step backward. They were worried.
Jack has also overestimated the time he had to spend with Eric and there was now less time to work on her collection. On the plus side, she had a website close to completion, and the photos she'd taken of Ruby and James modelling the collection looked professional, thanks to digital photography — and bribes for fish and chips down at the beach.
“That guy?” Sage jerked her head towards Ethan. “He's the one who tried to run me over with that disgusting truck.”
“His name is Ethan.”
Sage narrowed her gaze at him. From the porch he made eye contact with her then rolled his own eyes. “I wouldn’t trust him. His eyes are too close together.”
“They are so not, and you are nuts. You don't even know him.”
“Oh, I know the type.” Her gaze narrowed further as Ethan laughed at something Jack had said. Just as quickly, they became serious.
Robyn called Ruby and James away from their spot arguing on the steps, and said, “Ethan's been a good friend to Jack over the Charlotte and Brad thing.”
His only friend, she saw now. He'd drop by, throw his keys on the counter, threaten Mrs Parker with romance, and chat with Eric about his ice hockey team. In fact, he talked to Eric more than Jack did. 
The twins finally came down the porch and Sage shepherded them into the van. “Where’s Eric?”
“Phoning his mum.” Robyn glanced up behind them. “Here he comes now.”
Eric walked slowly out of the house and down the steps, right past Jack and Ethan, quiet, contemplative. Maybe a little too quiet.
“Is everything okay, Eric?” Robyn asked him.
He nodded, but his body language told a different story. There were moments he was homesick, and others where he was just a normal kid, enjoying a holiday. 
She glanced up as Jack joined them, Eric climbed into the van, and inside James announced, “Sage’s more cooler than my mum,” which progressed into a yelling match between James and Ruby over who Eric got to sit next to. She buckled them all in as Jack said, “Sage, I've got some cash for food.”  He reached into his pocket and pulled out some notes. 
“No.” Sage shook her head. “Honestly, I’ve got tons of food, a family pass to get in to the zoo, bread to feed the ducks at Western Springs so we’re sweet.”
She shot a final glance at Ethan who was leaning against the house, talking into his phone. Then she hopped into the van and slammed the door.
With a few toots on her horn, she was off down the drive, and away down the street.
The sound of the van's engine faded, and Robyn remembered the look on Eric's face. She said to Jack, “Did you speak to Val?”
“Yeah.” Worry lines creased his forehead. “She’s got the flu; she didn’t sound like her normal self. Eric sensed it.”
Ethan came down to meet them, and said, “I'm heading back home to check on Emily. She needs more groceries.” He jerked his head at Jack. “And you are long overdue to do a shop.”
“She's still not getting out?” Robyn said suddenly.
Jack crossed his arms over his chest. “Her mother took her for coffee when she was here but they were back half an hour later. She's just so paranoid people are talking about her. This whole thing...” He shook his head but the concern was etched across his forehead. “Anyway, we're taking it in turns doing her shopping.”
Ethan said, “Neither of us like shopping, especially for a pregnant woman. I'd online shop but they don't deliver to the boondocks.” He threw her a quizzical look. “Say, Robyn, why don't you come out with Jack? Come out to my place now, while you're kidless. Meet Emily.” His eyes gleamed with inspiration. “Seeing another female might be good for her. Heaven knows she's getting sick of us.”
Jack scratched his chin. “Hardly surprising when she hasn't got a lot of choice.”
Robyn frowned. “Surely she’s got female friends? And you just said her mother had been around?”
“Her mother had to leave yesterday, and isn’t coming back until nearer the time to help Em with the baby. As for friends?” Jack shook his head. “Turns out her two closest friends knew Brad was carrying on with Charlotte and didn't say a thing to her. In Em's mind, they’re as much the enemy. She doesn't want to see them.”
Robyn looked from one to the other as understanding dawned. 
Ethan nodded. “You've got it.” He jerked his thumb at Jack. “Him and me? Right now, we're all she's got.”


Robyn walked alongside the supermarket trolley with Jack. Six times now he’d come close to inflicting damage on the shins of other shoppers. Then they all took one look at him, at his black hair and dark eyes, at the sexy slant of his cheekbones and they accepted his apology. 
Did they wonder if she and Jack were a couple? A husband and wife out doing a shop together? One of those couples that spent half an hour deciding which bottle of wine to buy?
He stopped at the cereals, but for a moment he just stood there, not moving.
He suddenly snapped out of it and grabbed a box of muesli, some bran flakes and a box of cornflakes. 
“Emily must love her cereal,” Robyn observed. 
“You’re in the way,” an irate voice behind them said loudly and they both jumped and Robyn stood to the side.
“Rude,” Jack muttered.
“We were blocking the aisle,” Robyn pointed out.
“Even so.” Jack ran his hands roughly through his hair. 
They came to canned items and his gaze scanned the shelves.
“Beans,” she suggested. “Good carbohydrates and protein and fibre, perfect for a pregnant woman.”
“You see? This is why Ethan is a genius asking you along. I’d never think of that stuff.”
He looked at her hopefully, as if he could head back to the car and leave her in possession of the trolley.
She shook her head. “You're doing this shop.”
It was on the tip of her tongue to say surely he'd shopped with Charlotte at some time, even if they'd just pulled in to buy a bottle of wine before heading out to dinner.
She thought better of it, and grabbed a box of tissues. 
“From what I hear, she still needs these.”


Thirty minutes later they pulled up at a sleek, contemporary house in rural land north of the city. 
Jack killed the ignition and as Robyn undid her seat belt, it crossed her mind she'd agreed to visit a woman she didn't know and a woman who was quite possibly going through the worst time of her life.
“Jack?” She hesitated. “I’m really not sure about this. I don’t know her. I never suffered quite the same thing she did.” 
Jack's jaw was tight. “She knows she’s going to have this baby on her own and the only people she's got for company are two bachelors. That's not good. For any of us.”  
He had a point. “Okay.” Robyn sighed. “Let’s go in.”
Before they even reached the deck, the front door swung open and Ethan demanded, “What the heck took you so long?”
“The usual,” Jack said, irritably. “Supermarkets. Car parks. Crazy drivers on the road. You know the drill. Why?”
Ethan looked frazzled. Robyn couldn’t remember ever seeing him this on edge.
He said, “She’s in the kitchen. She’s making more tea. I cannot stomach another cup of the stuff but you go on in. I need to check the truck.”
They left Ethan, went up the wide steps of the timber deck, inside and down a long hallway and around the corner to the kitchen. Emily stood at the counter, her back to them. She was tall and blonde, and even from here, they could see the protrusion of her stomach.
“Hey, Em?” Jack said and she turned 
“What took you so long?” she said as she came over and wrapped her arms around him.
Over her head, he looked at Robyn, and said, “Em, this is Robyn.”
They pulled apart, and Emily held out her hand. “Nice to meet you, Robyn. I’ve been hearing all about you. Can I get you tea? I’m making another pot.”
“I’d love some,” she said, and Jack added, “Me, too, Em, but hold off a second.” He beckoned outside. I need to speak to Ethan.”


Jack prowled outside to where Ethan was sitting impatiently in the Hummer. Rock played on his stereo and he turned it down as Jack approached.
Ethan said, “I’ll be back in an hour. Got business to check up on.” He suddenly narrowed his gaze. “Before I do, there's something I've got to ask.”
“Shoot.”
“I’m only asking because I’m curious.”
Jack frowned.
“Is there anything going on between you and Robyn?”
“What?” Jack shook his head as if to clear the words.
Ethan held up his hands, surrender-style. “That's all it is. Just asking.”
“I'd be no better than Brad if there was, Ethan. Hell.”
“Okay. Just checking.” He gave a salute. “Be back in an hour.”
But as the truck turned on to the main road, a thought crossed Jack's mind. Maybe Ethan was interested in Robyn for himself?
His body went cold. And maybe she was interested in him. Heaven knows she ogled his body whenever he came over in one of those muscle T-shirts he bought online by the dozen because he loathed shopping.
Ethan and Robyn.
Surely not.
But then, why not? They were two single adults who seemed to like each other. Sounded like a pretty good start to a relationship in anyone's book.
He headed back toward the house and try as he might, he couldn't dislodge the idea that there might be something going on between them.
And even more, that he didn't like it, one bit.


On the way back to Takapuna, they were both quiet in the car. Jack more so. Robyn had observed the way he behaved around Emily and it struck her repeatedly that inside, he was loaded with guilt. He blamed himself for what had happened. 
Which was crazy because Emily hadn't seen it either. She'd been so wrapped up in her pregnancy, coping with morning sickness, needing support, and grasping the titbits her husband gave her, not even suspecting he was sleeping with another woman.  
Emily had unburdened herself, and in the process had revealed more about Jack. Of his solitary nature. Of a distance in his relationship with Charlotte. Yet Emily cast no blame on Jack. Her loyalty to him was strong, and it struck Robyn that the women in Jack's life from his housekeeper to his PA were incredibly loyal to him.
“Jack would never have married her,” Emily had told Robyn. “He isn't the marrying type.”  
Unlike his family. The Fletcher family was littered with marriages and divorce.
Something else had grabbed Robyn's attention as well. Emily was confused about how to deal with Brad's family when the baby was born. She had gotten on well with the Randells, and they were her baby's family, but she wanted nothing to do with Brad and she had no idea how to handle that.
Edwin's family hadn't bothered much with her when they’d split up, although she'd kept some contact with them, and had placed the ball in their court, kept the doors open if they wanted to see their grandchildren.
She sighed wearily and Jack commented, “That sounds deep.”
“I guess it was.” She turned to him. “I was thinking about grandparents. How difficult it can be with children when both sides don't get on.”
He slowed the car and a thought struck her. “Have you thought of taking Eric to meet your parents?” 
The air around them went still. Ice cold still. Clearly the ‘grandparents’ suggestion wasn’t going down well.
“That’s not a good idea.”
She understood his reluctance, but even a quick visit would surely be a good thing. “Eric's here for such a short time. Maybe it would be nice for him to meet them, to have some sort of connection before he goes back home.”
“I appreciate your thoughts.” His voice said he disagreed violently. “But this is nothing to do with you.”
“It's just that you told me he has hardly any family on Val's side, and your folks are the only grandparents he's going to ever know.”
Jack’s eyes had turned stony. “You don’t know what you’re saying.”
They turned into his cul-de-sac and headed down the end and Jack said, “Let me ask you this. If Edwin's parents wanted to know the twins, would you let them?”
She thought of his parents again. They'd moved to the South Island but her relationship with Edwin had only lasted a few years anyhow. She hadn't got to know his family all that well.
They drove through to his house, and the gates shut behind them.
“Of course I’d let his parents know the twins,” she told him. 
“From what you've said, your in-laws are very different to my folks.”
“Jack, I'm not an idiot. I know your parents weren't the greatest but you know?” She gave a shrug. “They are still your family. Your blood.”
He killed the ignition. “You know nothing.”
He was out of the car in a flash, and she followed him to the paved steps. “Then tell me so I can understand this better.”
He didn't answer.
She met him at the top, folded her arms, dared him to tell her what she didn’t understand. There'd always been more rumour than fact surrounding Jack Fletcher, and maybe the whole family had been subjected to the same unfair judgement. They were a family riddled with problems, true, but small towns like Kopane thrived on gossip. It was possible his family would welcome their new grandson with open arms.
“It will be a nice trip, a day trip. You can show Eric around the schools, the park, the bush reserve. There are really nice parts of Kopane, and maybe even the other parts are different to how you remember. How do you know when you haven't been back for years?”
“I intend it to stay that way.”
Even though Kopane was only a three hour drive away.
“People change,” she tried again. “Maybe your parents have changed.”
Reality suddenly leapt out at her with force, making her stop in her tracks. Whatever the reasons Jack didn't want to go to Kopane, they would be valid ones, otherwise he would have taken his son up there already. It was a day trip, a scenic drive. 
She could have kicked herself. What on earth was she thinking, telling him what to do? Talking about his parents when things weren't so great with her own?
You've gone too far, Robyn.
She shot him a look of apology. “This is none of my business, and I’m sorry. Forget I said anything.”
Yeah, she'd gone way too far. 
He unlocked the door and stood back to let her pass. As she did, he murmured, “Apology accepted.”
She didn't believe he meant it for a second.


Jack prowled. He prowled across his office floor and back, and then again, and again, and again.
Robyn did not know what she was talking about. She had no idea, and she had one hell of a nerve suggesting he go back there, that he take his son back when he'd spent years escaping the place.
Was there something in the water that had made both her and Collette suggest it?
And what would happen if he did? His brothers still lived there, all three of them. Two were unemployed; all of them with personal circumstances he could only label ‘disastrous’.
Much like his own.
He stopped a minute, his jaw twitching uncomfortably. Not a heck of a lot different at all. Kids to different women. Broken relationships. Personal lives down the toilet. He just did it all with more money.
You are not so different to your family, Fletcher, so don’t go around believing you are.
The thought paralyzed him. He'd strived to be different. To rid himself of all that being a Fletcher was. 
But was he really any different?
He resumed his prowling. Robyn was right, of course. There was more to Kopane than 122 Seddon Road. There were the schools. The park. The river where he'd watched other kids paddle down in their canoes while he'd watched on the banks with envy.
There were also places like the back of the town hall where he’d drunk vodka, rum, and anything else he could lay his hands on to escape from his reality. The trees at the back of the park where he’d had the shit kicked out of him, and then two days later where he’d gone back and inflicted the same on his attacker. There were the shops he’d stolen from — a walking tour of Jack Fletcher's early life. Oh, yeah, it was all good stuff to be showing a kid. His kid.
And his kid at some point might want to see his roots. Wouldn’t it be easier to do it now, in the hope it might satisfy that curiosity while he wasn’t old enough to ask the tough questions?
He glanced at his calendar. What was that saying about pulling plaster off a wound? The quicker it’s done, the better? It had to happen. Eric might not want to ever come back to this part of the world when he was older. Then again, maybe be would. 
He buzzed Collette. His stomach clenched as she answered.
He said, “I’ll be away from the office tomorrow. And I need to charter a small plane and a pilot, and a hire car on the ground at the other end.”
“Where on earth are you going?” she asked, incredulous.
He ground out the answer. “I'm going to Kopane.”

 


CHAPTER ELEVEN


He told Robyn that night. “I’m having the day off work tomorrow. To spend with Eric.”
“Really?” Approval flashed across her face. He liked that it did and then promptly backtracked. Since when did approval from Robyn matter? She went on, “Where are you going?”
“Kopane.”
Her eyebrows arched. “You’re going to Kopane?” Her tone said she didn’t believe him.
“We’re flying up in the morning. A day trip.”
“Flying? There's no airport up there.”
“I’m chartering a plane. There's a strip just out of town.” He flattened his lips into a smile. “And you're coming with me.”
Her eyes widened in shock. “I’m what?”
“You're coming with me. As Eric's nanny.”
The shock changed to disbelief. “That's crazy. I’ve got the children.”
He folded his arms across his chest. “I know you have children, Robyn, but this was your idea. Shouldn't you see your idea through?”
“Don’t be ridiculous.”
“So who was it that told me I should take my son up to visit my home town?”
“You take your son. I can’t go with you. What about Ruby and James?”
“Bring them too. Have they ever seen Kopane?”
Her eyebrows knit together as she rubbed her fist across her forehead. “When they were a bit younger, yes, just before my parents moved to the Gold Coast. I doubt they remember.”
“Then it will be good for them to see the town their mother spent the first twenty years of her life in.”
“Why fly? Why don't you drive up?”
He regarded her with total honesty. “Because I want it to be as quick and as painless as possible.”


The flight was ghastly, and Ruby threw up.
Jack smiled at Robyn. An evil smile. He said, “This was your idea, you know.”
“My idea,” she retorted through gritted teeth, “was for you to drive up with Eric and admire scenery, not take me along with you.”
Eric was in the front with the pilot and he seemed to be enjoying the flight which was, she thought, something to be grateful for.
They landed at the local airstrip where the rental car was waiting, and when they were on their way to town he asked, “You said the twins had been here a few years back. Have you been back much yourself?”
“Yes.” She studied a new subdivision of ten hectare blocks that had sprung up since she was last here. It was out of town enough to be rural, but close enough to enjoy town life, even if it was only small town life. “It was Miranda Feeney’s wedding. I came on my own and Sage looked after Ruby and James. It was only for one night. Miranda moved to Kaitaia last year, so there isn't really anyone I keep in contact with.”
She glanced across at Jack as he indicated to leave the main road and take the one that led straight to Kopane. 
The hire car they were in was small, and he looked big and muscled in the front seat. Her breath caught a moment. “What about you?” The children were suddenly quiet and she glanced back to check on them. Eric was gazing out the window, Ruby and James had dozed off. “What happened last time you saw your parents?” 
“They told me to go to hell.”
She turned back around slowly to stare at him. “What?”
He shrugged, didn’t elaborate but from the taut line of his jaw, she knew it was the truth.
She swallowed on a dry throat. “How long ago was that?”
“Five years ago.”
Hope lifted a little in her heart. “But that was such a long time ago. They may have changed.”
“I very much doubt it.”
“You don’t know if you don’t talk to them.”
“I talk to them every birthday.”
He’d never mentioned this before.
“It used to be Christmas as well, but they seemed to think I was ringing to gloat about the fact I was having a good time over Christmas, even though I don't actually have a good time every Christmas. So I only call on their birthdays. It now means I only have to annoy them by ringing twice a year but it seems the safest way.”
Her eyes narrowed in accusation. “You said you hadn’t seen them in years.”
“That’s true.”
She stared incredulously at him. “You never said anything about talking to them on the phone.”
“You never asked.”
So all this time he had maintained communication with them. But what sort of communication was it?
They sped past bush and fields and the sense of familiarity grew in Robyn. She rarely saw any countryside now she was without a car, and neither did the children.
Next to her, Jack readjusted his grip on the steering wheel. Tighter.
She said cautiously, “What happens when you phone?”
He'd been glancing through the rear view mirror at the children. “They ask me what I want.”
He paused.
She prodded, “And what do you say?”
“I say I’m ringing to wish them happy birthday and ask how they’re doing.”
They were approaching the outskirts now, and the speed limit had dropped down to seventy kilometres. 
“Then they say, why the hell do I want to know and how would I know what it’s like to be poor, and how dare I rub it in that I’m some fancy big city guy, and who did I rip off to get all my money, and I’ll be in jail soon anyway.”
She stared straight ahead and wished he wouldn’t say any more now. But she was the one who had asked. 
“I tell them they are my parents regardless of who or what I am, but they have nothing more to say and the conversation fizzles out. If I ring when my father has been on the booze, he generally tells me where to go, and hangs up.”
His face was tight and grim, and he was that boy, that boy who had managed to survive against the odds that had been stacked so grievously against him.
Regret sank heavily in Robyn’s stomach. “I had no idea.” So the rumours of the rough treatment were probably a lot more than mere rumour.
They had been his reality.
She laced her fingers in her lap and wished she could take him in her arms and tell him it would be okay. Wished she had been a friend to him, because he had probably needed friends but she hadn’t known that, and besides, she’d been alternately scared and in awe of him. He was gorgeous, and enigmatic, and young men like that hadn’t needed nerdy girls like Robyn hanging around.
But now she thought of it, most of the time it had been him and his bike. Jack Fletcher alone. Never part of a gang or a group.
“But I think you’re right,” he said. “My parents may well have changed.”
A niggle of unease began to grow in her. She didn’t think that would be the case. And even if they had changed, how could you forgive parents who wanted to disown you when you were the one making all the effort? How did that figure?
Why, she wondered as he slowed down to the 50 kilometre speed limit, had he changed his mind and agreed to come here?


Five minutes later, Jack turned into the Fletcher’s driveway, and stopped the car alongside the front porch. Robyn noticed the house had had improvements made to it, significant improvements since she’d last seen it. The roof had been replaced, an impressive stone fence erected, a new garage instead of the falling down carport she remembered, and the weatherboard house and peeling window frames had been painted. No doubt Jack's doing. But the place was still unkempt. Lawns hadn't been mowed, the gardens were overgrown, save for the patches of brown weeds that had been sprayed at some time. Curtains were half drawn and pot plants had long ago died on the front step. Robyn shivered and glanced at Eric who was looking eagerly out the car window. He’d been told he was going to meet his grandparents. Now she wished she had kept her mouth shut, and not started Jack out on this.
Jack climbed out, shut the door, and said through the window, “I’ll see if they’re up to seeing visitors first.”  
“Wait.” She swung open the door and joined him. Even the path, she noticed, had been re-paved with terracotta slabs, but weeds from the lawn covered most of it. “Do you want me to come in?”
He glanced at the house. A net curtain moved. “Wait here.” She noticed a shift in the tension.
He walked up to the front porch and stood rigidly as he knocked on the door, and waited.
He knocked again.
Finally, the door opened the merest fraction, then wider, and a woman stood there.
Robyn recognized his mother, even though time had aged her more than it should have. She wore baggy grey sweatpants, a pink jersey and pale khaki fleece vest. Her grey streaked hair was pulled into a straggly ponytail
She acknowledged him with a nod, and peered behind at Robyn. Her gaze skimmed her up and down, stared some more. “Isn’t that the Taylor girl?”
Robyn waved, called out, “Hi Mrs Fletcher. How are you?”
His mother only frowned some more. She finally turned to Jack. “What are you doing here?”
He rammed his hands in the pockets of his trousers. “I hadn’t been back in a while. Hadn’t heard from you. Wondered what you were doing, how you were.”
She held the door open. “I guess you better come in. We got nothing to offer you. You come all the way from Auckland?”
He nodded, and beckoned to Eric.
“Who’s the kid?” she asked as Eric came tentatively forward.
“This is Eric. He's my son. Your grandchild.”
A man appeared at the door then and time could have stood still for Robyn. Like his mother, Jack’s father had aged but she’d have known him in an instant. He was now overweight, and his thinning black hair hung to his neck in greasy strands. Yet beneath it all, she recognized the features that Jack had inherited. The slashing cheekbones were still there, but now mottled by ruddy colour, and his eyes blurry and bloodshot. 
A cigarette hung out the side of his mouth. “You get some girl knocked up just like your brothers?”
Bile rose in Robyn’s throat and she called out, “Jack?” He turned around and she offered, “I could take Eric if you like.”
Jack kept his hands on Eric’s shoulders as his mouth tightened in to a grim line. “Take the car for a drive. Be back in half an hour.”
Robyn watched as he and Eric went inside and the door slammed shut behind him.


Robyn drove James and Ruby around Kopane, and drove slowly past her old house where, she told the twins, she'd grown up.
The house looked to be owned by a young family. It would be a happy home. She noted the swing in the front yard and a small green trike up the driveway. She frowned suddenly. It had been a happy home when she’d been growing up. Hadn’t it?
Suddenly disturbed, she pulled away, and they went past Kopane High, past the library where she'd spent so much of her time as a child and a teen, past the church where she'd belonged to the youth group and when she was younger, had belonged to the Brownies. She drove slowly down the main road where she bought the children ice-creams and saw that a few more shops had opened since she was here last.
Kopane, she realized, was no different to any small town. If you had good memories it was a good place. Bad memories, than it could be hell on earth.
Her mind flicked back to Jack and she wondered what was happening at 122 Seddon Road. She didn’t want to think. A dark shudder swept through her body. 
“Come on,” she said. The kids were getting restless now. She should have taken them to a park, let them run around instead of taking off and doing her own sightseeing.
“Let's go and get Jack and Eric.”
They’d been outside barely a few minutes when the front door opened and Jack and Eric walked out. 
Robyn climbed out of the driver’s seat, and waited. Jack paused a few minutes – she saw a flash of pale pink and khaki from his mother but there was no touching between the two. No hug. He came down the path and Robyn’s stomach lurched at the lack of expression on Jack’s face.
“Are you okay to drive?” he asked.
“Of course.” She climbed back in to the driver's seat.
Jack held the door open for Eric, helped him buckle up, then sat in the passenger’s side.
He stared motionless at the house 
“Where to?” she asked.
He turned to her, met her gaze full on. She saw regret. She saw courage. She saw a shimmer of sadness. She saw acceptance.
He looked up at the beautiful, clear Kopane sky. “Let’s go home.”


Jack was silent on the plane, his expression contemplative, while the children, for all it was a short flight, fell asleep soon after the bumpy take off from the airstrip.
It seemed no time at all before the plane touched down back in Auckland at Ardmore aerodrome, and taxied along the runway. 
Robyn watched Jack; wished he'd say something, tell her more about that half hour with his family, tell her what they’d said and how they’d reacted to Eric. She waited until she could bear it no longer.
“Are you going to tell me what happened back there, because I wish I’d never suggested you go.”
He shook his head. “Forget it.” His voice was strong but quiet. “Bringing Eric up to see them was the right thing to do. It was the right thing for me to do, to see for myself how they are.”
She felt some relief, but only marginally. “What did you talk about?”
He gave a careless shrug. “They complained about my siblings even though my sister Sharon was right in the room with them. She’s split from her boyfriend, and was there with her family.”
“You mean she's living there?”
“Until she can find a new place, yeah.”
“How many children has she got?”
“Three. Two from her ex-husband, and a baby from the guy she’s just left. The older ones are cute kids actually.”
“Is she a good mother?”
His lips tightened, then he shook his head. “She could be. I don’t know.” He swung around to face her, a resigned expression across his face. “There’s only so much you can do. You can give people money to fix up a house or help them out, but it doesn’t change who the people are if they don’t want to change.”
“You changed.”
“Did I?” There was a bitterness to his voice that stunned her.
“Yes. Of course you did. Look at you. Look at what you've got.”
“That’s just the external, Robyn. Money can buy a good house, better looks, designer clothes. Money buys a lot.”
“Then maybe you were never a bad person to begin with. You must have known that a lot of girls at Kopane High had a crush on you.”
He regarded her with a wry smile. “Exterior, Robyn.”
It was more than that, whether he wanted to believe it or not. She sat back in the seat and stared out at the hangars as they approached. But then, who had really known Jack Fletcher, had known what he was like behind closed doors. She was learning, and she was liking it. Too much.
“Well, external or internal,” she said, “I appreciate that you took us along with you. And I think it was good for Eric. I know I’m not related, and that I’m nothing to do with it but—” She stopped, wary of saying too much. Revealing too much.
“But what?” he pressed.
“I think your parents are completely undeserving of you.” She turned to face him. “That's all.”
He was staring at her strangely and she looked away and murmured, “I just thought I’d mention it.”
“Robyn?”
She turned back. He was still staring at her, and in slow motion, he touched the side of her face. 
The touch sent shock through her, shock that nearly made her stop breathing. He looked at her for a moment, a long, dizzying moment, before he bent his mouth to hers, and he kissed her. A quick, warm, emotion-filled kiss. It was so unexpected that when he pulled away she just stared at him, her mind blank.
He dropped his hand away from her cheek. “Thank you.”
She swallowed hard, unable to speak as the plane pulled to a halt on the tarmac. 
He was undoing his seat belt now and instructing the children to do the same.
Robyn fumbled with hers, tried again, but couldn't manage it. 
Jack had just kissed her.
His hands reached for the metal buckle across her thighs, and he pulled it apart and slid it open.
His face was inches from hers. 
“Thanks,” she managed to say. 
His gaze slipped back to her lips then away.
“You're welcome,” he said as he opened the door. 


CHAPTER TWELVE


From South Auckland, Jack drove his car to the office while Robyn and the children took a taxi back to the house.
She had no idea what time he was planning to get home. After she and the children had eaten dinner prepared by Mrs Parker, the kids had had quick showers, and gone to bed exhausted.
When they were asleep, Robyn went to her room, took a long, luxurious shower, then slipped into bed.
She tried to focus on her website, on her designs, on the brochures she was getting printed, on making it big and having celebrity children wear her clothes at the Oscars, and moving into a mansion and living happily ever after.
All she could think about was Jack.
And that kiss. 
That had been no sloppy, first-kiss. Yes, it had been brief—but, wow. The more she replayed it in her mind, the more it shook her.
Finally, she fell asleep but when she woke, her lips still tingled with the memory.
Disoriented, she glanced at her watch, and saw it had gone eight. She’d slept in.
She checked the children’s rooms but they weren't there. She flung on a dressing gown and ran down the stairs. The sound of TV reassured her, and she glanced into the TV room to find all three sprawled across the floor watching cartoons.
She left them alone, and padded through to the living area. By the look of it, Jack had left early. A glass sat in the sink, the only sign he had been here.
She sighed with relief. She didn’t have to look at him and pretend she was normal when she didn’t feel normal. 
It was only a kiss for Pete's sake.
It wasn’t like they’d had sex. Kisses happened all the time.
Not between her and men like Jack Fletcher they didn't.
“It was only a kiss,” she muttered as she poured cereal into bowls and set spoons along the counter. “I've kissed men before. I was actually married for Pete's sake.”
She called out to the children, “Breakfast’s ready.” 
Eric came running out first, pulled out the bar stool, and climbed up. The meeting with his grandparents yesterday appeared not to have fazed him in any way. He poured milk over his cereal and asked, “What are we doing today?”
James and Ruby raced each other out, Ruby's blanket around her shoulders.
After yesterday's flight, Robyn decided it had to be something quiet. 
She poured cereal for the twins as they scrambled up on to the bar stools and she glanced out through the windows.
The weather forecast had predicted sunny spells and some rain. It was going to be a typical Auckland day; in other words, be prepared for all weather.
“You know, I haven't decided.” She poured herself some chocolate coated cereal, and filled it to the brim with milk as well.
“Why don’t you guys tell me what you want to do?”


Collette popped her head around the doorway and announced, “I’m going to put a call through for you, Jack. I think you should take this one.”
He waved her away and continued to stare blindly at the proposal in front of him. 
He could barely make out the print.
What had he been thinking when he'd leant over and kissed Robyn?
He couldn’t come up with an honest answer because something had gripped him. Something that had made sitting next to her not nearly enough.
She intrigued him, she fascinated him, she was a compelling combination of strong and soft. He’d been overcome by it all in the confined space of the Cessna. That’s all it was. 
He turned the page to be greeted by another blurry mass of letters and numerals and his mind went back to his parents. They didn’t care about him but he saw enough to know that the circumstances they lived in were part of the reason. 
He let out a long sigh that seemed loud in the stillness. Recession had hit small towns like Kopane on a regular basis. There’d been factory closures and exercises in Government cost cutting and his father hadn’t been the only man with a depression that kicked in when he was laid off from the timber mill. Ron Fletcher’s depression, however, was fuelled with alcohol, and a vicious streak that saw him point out flaws and shoot down any dream or ambition in his children. It just so happened that Jack was the vocal one, the one with dreams of doing something with his life, of getting away from Kopane.
Even his teachers seemed hell bent on pointing out his faults and God knows there were enough. 
“The call’s from Canada, Jack,” Collette persisted.  
Val. Calling him at work. That was new, when she had his mobile number. “Okay. I’ve got it. Thanks, Collette.” He switched over to speaker phone as he picked up a pen and began to doodle. “Hey, Val, how are you?”
“Mr Fletcher?”
A male voice. Not Val. Jack tapped his pen on the desk top. “Yes, this is Jack Fletcher.”
He listened to a throat being cleared. “This is Howard Grey, of Carey Grey Associates in Toronto calling, Mr Fletcher.”
A pulse leapt in his neck and he dropped the pen. So this is what it had come to. Lawyers. 
Oh, Val, you didn't have to do this. You know me better than that.
“What can I do for you, Mr Grey?”
“This concerns Valerie Wright and her son Eric.” 
So this was the whole thrust, right here. The fears he'd pushed aside, the suspicions and the gut feelings — had they all been leading up to this?
He'd never figured Val for the litigious type, but then, he'd never known her all that well anyway. He pushed himself away from his desk, adrenaline ripping through him. “This is absurd. Val knows I’ll help out financially for Eric and she damn well ought to know that legal action isn’t the way to go about it.”
The lawyer hesitated a moment. “Mr Fletcher. This has nothing to do with legal action.” 
Jack’s unease crystalized and he sat warily on the edge of his desk, his senses acutely attuned to Howard Grey. “Then just what the hell is this all about?” The office had grown stiflingly warm in spite of the air conditioning. He lifted the collar of his shirt where a trickle of sweat eased its way uncomfortably down his spine. 
The lawyer cleared his throat again. “I’m sorry to have to advise you of this, Mr Fletcher. But last night at 8.23pm, Valerie Wright passed away.”
 


CHAPTER THIRTEEN


“Put your backpacks away then I’ll fix a snack,” Robyn told the children, ushering them in through the front door. She was tired and they were more so, but it had been a beautiful day, a perfect day.  Even the downpour after lunch, a downpour which had lasted long minutes before the sun had burst out to dry up footpaths, had failed to impact on their fun. They’d driven up to Shakespear Regional Park, had walked along the beautiful beach with a view back to the city, marvelled at the peacocks, and paddled in the sea, and played on the sand.
She closed the front door and glanced at her watch. It had just gone three, yet Jack’s car was parked in front of the garage. She listened carefully for the sound of footsteps, music or running water but there was nothing to indicate he was even inside the house. 
She helped Ruby off with her backpack, the straps twisted around her blanket. 
Again, she strained to hear any sound but there was nothing. It wasn’t usual for Jack to be home this early, but maybe he did want to spend time with Eric. Maybe the visit to Kopane yesterday had hit home just how short they were on time. 
“Go on upstairs,” she told the children, as she set her bag and keys on the hall table. “Put your backpacks away then come on down and I’ll get you some afternoon tea.”
She went through to the kitchen and poured out juice for the children. She set out cracker biscuits, cheese and fruit, and took mugs down from the cupboard. She had just pulled open a drawer when out of the corner of her eye she saw Jack stop in the doorway.  
He was still dressed in his business suit and tie. Odd, she thought vaguely, trying to read the expression in his eyes, eyes that refused to look directly at her. The few times he'd gotten home early, he'd changed into jeans and a T-shirt.
Suddenly, the twins ran though from the hall with Eric in hot pursuit, laughingly branding them “cheaters.” They raced to the barstools and clambered up, barely acknowledging the adults as the three of them shared a not-too-private joke. 
Eric claimed the middle seat without question. It had become their new tradition. He was the visitor, the foreigner, the boy who had travelled over 8,000 miles around the world and who said words funny. 
Robyn set the mugs in front of them, consciously aware of Jack still in the doorway, still not moving, still not speaking.
Whatever it was she knew, without him having to say a thing, that it wasn’t good.
She stepped back, and glanced at him. 
He was watching Eric with a bleak intensity that caught in her throat. 
With forced casualness she said, “Can I get you anything?”
He met her gaze slowly, and then shook his head. She watched him exhale.
She shot a look at Eric who was chatting, laughing, and teasing the twins.
Suddenly, Jack spun on his heels, and stalked wordlessly from the room.
Confused, Robyn watched his retreating back until he was out of sight. What had just happened? 
She was already following him as she said to the children, “I’m just going to talk to Jack for a bit. Help yourselves to the crackers, okay?”
“Yes, Mum,” the twins chorused.
Her nerves had begun to jump steadily at the base of her spine and she walked out to find Jack in the foyer, his head down as he gripped the hall table with both hands. He looked up as she approached, his mouth tightening.
She stopped inches from him. “What’s going on?”
He moved back from the table and said, “Sit down.” His voice was hoarse as he gestured to a leather stool against the wall.
“I don’t think I’m the one who needs to sit down.”
“Robyn? Please just sit down.” 
She stared at him a moment, at his grim eyes and the tight set to his jaw, at the pulse throbbing in his temple, and she took the seat. “If this is a way of making me feel better, then it’s not working.”
He stood stiffly. “I had a phone call from Canada today.” 
“Valerie,” she said, almost to herself. “What was she ringing about?” 
“It wasn’t Val.” Something harsh, something she’d never seen before, sliced across his gaze, and he breathed in so deep she saw his chest rise, and watched it fall again. 
“It wasn’t Val,” he repeated, the tone of his voice strangely even. “Robyn.” He shook his head with a weariness she’d never seen in him before. “Robyn, Val died.”
She stared at him as shock dulled her brain. 
He squatted down so their faces were level, took her hands in his, and repeated, “Val died.”
He squeezed her hands tighter.
“I don’t understand,” she said stupidly. “I don’t know what you’re trying to tell me.”
“Val is dead.” His voice was shaky now, and he said, “She passed away last night.”
“But...” It was beginning to filter through what had happened. Val was dead. “But...I don’t...what happened? Was it — was it an accident?” Eric's mother had died? Please, dear God, please don't let this be real.
He let out a breath that seemed to shake right through him. “She had cancer.”
Her heart jolted violently. “Cancer?”
“It seems that by the time it was diagnosed, it was too late for treatment. It was in her ovaries. It had spread.”
Robyn’s mind was beginning to cloud over, and her body was suddenly cold as the knowledge pounded over and over in her mind.
A woman, one her own age, had lost her life. 
A shudder went through her, so icy she felt the chill all the way to her feet. Eric had lost his mother. 
She was aware of Jack rubbing his thumbs over her hands, aware that the contact felt reassuring. 
A dozen questions began to stampede across her mind without let up, and she plucked one, suddenly desperate for answers.
“She knew she was going to die?”
Jack nodded. 
“When she sent him out—” She gulped. “Eric coming here — how was that — I mean, was the whole thing planned?”
“It was. She took him to the airport knowing she only had weeks, days even, left. She died last night, Canadian time.”
Nausea welled madly and furiously in Robyn’s stomach, and at the same time, Eric’s voice pitched loud above the twins, so innocent, and so utterly happy.
“No.” The sound tore silently from her lungs. No. There should have been a perfect end to this perfect day. Not this. Not this.
“I know.” Jack tightened his grip on her, holding her gaze with his own. He knew. He was feeling it. Jack, the man who had avoided commitment, had avoided getting in too deep, had now just been thrust right into the pit of it. “I have to tell him.”
“Oh, Jack.” Her voice cracked.
She didn’t know Val Wright. She'd been suspicious of her all along, of her motives for sending Eric out to stay with a man he didn’t know.
“I still don’t understand...” Her voice faltered again. “Did Eric have any idea she was ill?”
Jack's eyes were bleak, tortured. He let go of her hands and rose to his feet. “The only thing Eric knew was that she wasn’t well. He knew she was going into hospital but he understood it was brief. She hid the severity of it from him this whole time, for as long as she could.”
She shut her eyes. 
Jack said, “He's expecting her to come right back out of hospital. To be there to pick him up at Toronto airport in a few days.”
Robyn buried her face in her hands and Jack said in a flat, emotionless voice, “I should get more answers tomorrow. Papers are being FedExed from Toronto.”
She stood up then, straightened. “If you want me to, I’ll be there with you. When you tell him.”
For a moment he didn’t speak but relief flashed deeply across his eyes. “You don’t have to. This isn’t your job.”
“I know it isn’t. I know.” She willed him to accept, to take what she was offering him, because it was coming from her heart and right now it was the only thing she could give him. “But I want to be there.” 
She thought relief flashed across his eyes again, but it was difficult to tell with the grim, stony expression, an expression that refused to budge.
Instead, he nodded, and squeezed her hands in acknowledgement. 
“Thank you,” he said quietly.


Robyn put on a DVD to keep Ruby and James occupied. She told them Jack needed to talk to Eric, and she made the twins each a huge Hokey Pokey ice cream in a cone. She left them happily pulling chunks of toffee from the ice cream and she went on up the staircase to Eric’s room.
The door was ajar and she stepped noiselessly through. Jack was sitting on the edge of the bed, his elbows on his knees watching Eric build up a spaceship out of Lego. 
Jack asked quietly, “They’re okay?”
She nodded. “Watching a video. They’ll be fine for a while.”
“What are they watching?” Eric asked, struggling up. “I’ll just go down with them and—”
“Wait.” Jack reached out and gripped his elbow. “You can go later. I promise. Just not right yet.”
Eric watched Jack uncertainly and shot a curious stare at Robyn. 
“Okay,” he said, looking at them both suspiciously. 
Robyn put her clenched fist against her mouth, nausea sitting in her stomach. In a few minutes he wasn't going to be the same, ever. In a few minutes he was going to know the worst moment of his life.
Jack patted the bed. “Come on up here, and sit with me.”
Eric came up and glanced expectantly at Jack. There was trust in his expression. It had taken the past few weeks to achieve that, and it could so easily have gone the other way. 
Jack inhaled, long and deep. It was as if everything happened in slow motion. His chest rose beneath the crisp, white shirt, and Robyn saw the exact moment drops of sweat broke out on his forehead.
He gestured to her to sit on the other side, and she joined him, sitting alongside Eric. His body was warm and small next to her, and when Jack’s arm went around Eric, it brushed her arm. They'd remember this moment the rest of their lives. The smell of the room, the touch of each other, the sound of Jack’s voice. 
“Eric,” Jack said quietly. There was strength in his voice. “Eric, do you remember how your mum wasn’t well when you left Canada?”
Eric nodded. “She had to go into hospital. She went when I left.” A thought suddenly seemed to occur to him and he turned to Jack. “Has she got better yet?”
Robyn couldn't suppress a shiver as Eric's words sounded loud in the quiet room.
“No. She isn’t better.” Jack met Robyn’s gaze, and she gave a brief nod, her heart so heavy for Eric she could barely hold it together.
“Eric, I’m sorry but your mother isn’t better...” There was a moment, a brief moment when she thought he might not be able to go ahead and say the words.
“Eric, your mother was really sick. So sick that... Eric, your mum died. She was in hospital and she was really sick and I’m so sorry but...”
Jack choked up and couldn't say the words. 
Eric glanced from Jack to Robyn, confusion in his eyes. She took his hand in hers, squeezed it but he was barely aware of it.
Then suddenly his body shook as if he’d been smacked so violently it had knocked the wind out of him and she saw the moment his eyes widened in shock as he understood.
“Mom?” he said, his voice suddenly high pitched. 
“I'm so sorry,” Jack said again. Tears made their way down his face.
“Mommy?” Eric pleaded, and he swung towards Robyn with shock and pain in his eyes, hope that she would tell him his dad was a liar and it wasn’t true at all.
Her throat felt stuffed with cotton wool. “Eric, I’m so sorry.” 
His body began to shake. He was trying to hold in the tears — Robyn could feel that he was trying not to cry with everything he had in him, but he was on the losing end of the battle and they came fast, streaking down his cheeks as he turned blindly to Jack, and Jack wrapped his arms tight around him, holding his son’s head against his shoulder.
He murmured words in his ear as he rocked the small, sobbing body close to him, and Robyn moved back, wiping her cheeks with the back of her hand, not really sure what to do. Her voice trembled as she said, “Is there anything...anything you need?”
“No.” Jack’s voice shook. “I’ll stay up here with Eric.”
She clasped her hands. She felt useless. “I’ll make tea.”
He wiped his cheeks. “I doubt we'll eat much.”
“I know.” Her voice cracked and she was aware of the awful constriction in her chest and knew if she didn’t get out now she’d be a blubbering mess and neither of them needed that. “But it’ll give me something to do.”


Ethan came over as soon as he heard the news, and when Jack came downstairs after Eric had finally fallen asleep, he was stunned to find Mrs Parker in the kitchen, making Eric’s favourite cookies.
She came over to him, wrapped her meaty arms around him so tight he nearly lost his breath, and said, “No one on God's earth should have to do what you did today, Jack Fletcher. No one.”
Ethan stayed the night, and Jack admitted it felt good knowing he was there.
The twins had been told the news, and Jack spent the night in Eric’s room, but he barely slept.
Mrs Parker turned up early with fresh donuts and pastries, Sage and Harriet came to take the twins out for the day, and even Collette had rung first thing to reassure him that everything was under control in the office. 
It was odd. They were all doing what a family was meant to do. Stepping in to help ease the burden. To show they cared.
Jack had been kidding himself that he was isolated from people. He had people. 
And of course, there was Robyn.
She had been the one that had eased the pain the most. Just by a look, he could feel better, by a squeeze of her hand, by the reassurance just being there gave him.
The buzz of the gate sounded, shaking him abruptly out of his thoughts, and he stalked to the intercom.
“Fed Ex for Mr Fletcher,” the voice said.
He opened the gate to let the courier in, then went to the front door and swung it open. The sun was gleaming bright, the glare listing off the view of the harbour peeking between cycads. He pushed away the notion that it was a perfect day.
The solicitor’s name was emblazoned across the thin manila package, and he signed for it, inhaling sharply at the now familiar ache in his chest.
He tapped the envelope on his thigh. The truth was that this Will or letter, whatever the heck it was, was the last thing he wanted to read. It had only been twenty-four hours, even if it felt so much longer than that.
He stepped inside and was surprised to see Eric trudging solemnly along.
“Hey,” Jack gently tugged his ear. “How you doing?”
He shrugged. “Dunno.”
His eyes were red ringed, his cheeks raw from the trail made by a night’s worth of salt tears.
“Tell you what. Go on through to the kitchen and I’ll get you something to eat.”
“When are Ruby and Jamie coming back?” he murmured quietly, so softly it took Jack an effort to decipher his words.
It was Jack’s turn to shrug. “Sage is bringing them back in time for tea.”
“’Kay,” Eric mumbled. He was about to head off to the kitchen when he hesitated. He turned to look back at him and Jack swallowed hard on the lump in his throat.  Eric’s eyes were wide and round, as dark as midnight, and filled with such desolate sadness. Jack gestured to the envelope. “I’ll stick this away and be right back down.”
Eric turned and made his way slowly, labouring, and Jack took the stairs two at a time. 
In the study, he slotted the envelope carefully into the desk drawer, pushed it shut and took the stairs rapidly so he could spend time with a child he had no idea how to help. 


CHAPTER FOURTEEN


The day dragged and they ordered pizza because it was Eric’s favourite. Robyn laid the boxes across the big dining table, and handed paper napkins out to everyone.
It was herself, Jack and the children now. Ethan had ordered in all the pizza, but hadn't stayed. He'd headed back to his house with a couple of boxes for him and Emily.
Robyn took a piece. It was a miracle he'd even gotten away while the pizza was still hot. Sage had confronted him on the front door step and accused him of driving a gas guzzler and he'd politely told her to get her own house in order. That van she owned had a dodgy exhaust and gave off enough fumes to power the entire North Shore. She'd taken off in a huff and Ethan had muttered something about “crazy woman,” and left a minute after. The good news, however, was that Emily was beginning to look at apartments on line and was thinking of moving into town.
Now they sat around the table, barely eating as the minutes passed in silence. 
Eric silently nibbled a piece of pizza. Even Ruby and James were picking up on the sadness and were eerily quiet.
Robyn poured them all cola, and watched them closely as they darted glances over at Eric and Jack. The thought suddenly jumped into her mind.
What would happen to them if I died?
She swallowed down hard on a throat that had taken a beating the past twenty-four hours. She hadn't thought about it ever, at least not seriously. There had never been any godparents. Her parents, she supposed, would care for them. And Kelly — maybe.
Although neither of them sat at all comfortably with her. Even if she couldn't put her finger on just why, they didn't.
The obvious choice should have been Edwin. 
She tried to picture him with James and Ruby, loving them, caring for them. He'd barely been around the first year of their lives when they had lived together and now he barely acknowledged their birthdays.
No. Not Edwin.
Sage maybe?
Her gaze fastened on Jack, and she drew a sudden breath. Jack.
He'd be perfect.
He sat across the table from her, watching Eric with the eyes of a hawk, not even touching his own food. Well, maybe he wouldn't be perfect but—
Yes, darn it, he would be perfect.
And yet Jack didn’t come close to seeing himself in the role of father. Robyn set her pizza down as she considered this. Any child would be lucky to have him as their dad. His strength, his loyalty. His love. Oh, there were other factors. He was financially secure but he also had a past and he understood a lot about how tough life could be. He had empathy. A thud hit her chest. Any woman would be lucky to have him as her man.
“You know, I think we're done.” His words broke into her thoughts and he turned to Eric. “Eric? Do you want to give me a hand cleaning up?”
“I guess.” He pushed his chair back without enthusiasm and rose to his feet. 
Good thinking on Jack’s part. Get Eric involved in a task, anything that might take his mind off his grief, even for a few brief minutes.
Even in moments like these, Jack was doing the right thing. He was being a terrific father.


It was close to midnight when Robyn heard the gut wrenching cry as she flicked the page on a mystery she was having a hard time reading.
She set the book down, listened, and seconds later, it came again. She dropped the book on her bed and walked quickly along the hall to Eric's room.
She drew to a sudden halt in the doorway to find Jack had beaten her to it.
He stood alongside Eric’s bed. Moonlight battled with the mist and rain to shine through the windows into the darkened room, and light up Eric’s figure. He lay restlessly, his Spiderman duvet and sheet kicked off, one leg hanging loosely down the side of the bed, his arm wrapped around his bear, Dudley.
Her gaze flicked back to Jack. It looked as if he'd been getting ready for bed. She’d heard running water while she’d been trying to focus on her book.
He must have quickly thrown on jeans, but his torso was bare, save for the drops of water skimming his broad back from his damp hair ends. She drew a sharp breath at the sight of him. His shoulders were sleek, smooth, his skin tanned as it tapered down to his waist, and to the curve of his buttocks in denim that made her stomach clench. 
Then he turned, and his gaze connected with hers.
His eyes were dark and steady but she knew him enough to know that was not how he was feeling.
It was a redundant question but she had to ask. She murmured, “Are you okay?”
The answer was in his eyes, in the dark bleakness, and without hesitation, she went to him, and wordlessly he brought his arms around her, pulling her close so he could rest his chin on the top of her head. She wrapped her arms around him, linking her hands against the bare skin of his back. 
He breathed, and she felt the pounding of his heart, and she closed her eyes. Male soap, woody and cool, filtered through to her. The heat from his body mingled with her own and the intimacy of touching his bare skin flushed heat down her spine. He was warm and masculine and she allowed herself to breathe him in. 
They held each other for long, long minutes, until slowly he released her, and pulled back a step to face her. His eyes were dark, intense, and he touched her chin with a finger. “Were you asleep?” he asked in a low voice.
“I couldn’t sleep.”
“I guess we have to get used to that.”
“Is Eric okay?”
“I don't think he woke up. He was talking in his sleep but he’s fine now.”
“He must sense your presence, even when he’s asleep. It reassures him.”
Jack’s expression abruptly closed and he said, “Come with me.”
They went up the stairs, and into Jack’s bedroom where he switched on the light, and turned to face her.
Beneath the brighter glare of the light, his body shone, clear and bold. Muscles gleamed on his upper arms and on his chest, that minutes ago she had laid her head against. 
In spite of what was happening in Jack’s world right now, there was no denying that she was attracted to him. She always had been but there had been no reality to it, admiring him from a distance, knowing deep down it was only ever a fantasy she could indulge in. Even when she'd moved in here, it had been that way.
But right now she was shockingly aware of him in a way she had never been with another man.
With an effort of will, she dragged her gaze back up to his face but it involuntarily slipped back down to his chest. Awareness punched her again, this time hard and sharp.
Oh, man. Get out. Get out of here before you do something stupid, before you make a complete fool of yourself. The man is in the middle of a nightmare right now, and this will not be helping.
 “Jack?” Nerves made her voice rough. She needed to move back. Put some distance between them. “I wish—I wish I could help more.” Her voice sounded nothing like her own, and her feet hadn’t moved an inch. The urge to lean closer to him was overwhelming. 
“Being here helps. More than you know.”
Her heart pounded at a frantic pace, so loud it seemed to beat in her ears. She couldn't think straight. She had to get out. “Jack, I—”
He moved purposefully closer, his teeth white between his beautifully sculpted lips, his dark gaze on her. So potently, it burned.
He reached out, and as if in slow motion, he traced her lips with his forefinger.
She couldn't suppress a tremble, and he moved closer, began to bend his head down to hers.
“Jack, I—” The breath left her lungs in a rush as his lips came down on hers, as his arm went possessively around her and he murmured against her mouth, “You what?”
I don't want this. Can't want this.
Am longing for this so much it hurts.
“Nothing,” she murmured hoarsely back.
She didn’t know whether he was reaching out to her in his own grief, and right now, she didn’t want to know. She slid her hands up his chest to link behind his neck, and kissed him back, kissed him intensely, felt him respond, felt a rush of longing surge through her. Her heart pounded so fast, so strongly, a hunger for him so consuming...
What if she disappointed him?
What if doing this was just going to make it harder than it was already going to be when she had to leave?
When Jack was a man who was never going to be able to give her love.
Even as his hands slid down her back and she shuddered in response, her mind began to clear.
Is a brief memory what you want to be left with, a memory forged out of his own desperation at this god awful time? You’re nothing more than the babysitter, Robyn.
Is that what you want?
Her heart began to slow down, suddenly heavy in her chest, and with everything she had, she dropped her hands and pulled slowly, regretfully back.
Her voice was startlingly clear. “No.”
His eyes burnt into her. In a thick voice he murmured, “No?”
She nodded, her breathing ragged. Was she nuts?
He shook his head, closed his eyes, ground out, “The children, I know.”
Something tightened in her chest. “No. It's not just the children.”
She didn't want him to think that. That the children sleeping below were the reason. One reason, yes, but if they weren't sleeping here in the house, she'd say the same thing.
“Then what is it?”
“I don't go around sleeping with men. It’s not something I take casually.” 
The blaze seemed to burn even deeper.
“There's so much to lose and I know to some people sex is just something you do when you want—” She couldn’t butcher this any more than she was doing, but how could she explain it, that if she slept with anyone she wanted it to be more than the slaking of a physical need. She’d been a disappointment to so many and she couldn’t bear it if she was a disappointment to Jack as well.
She lifted her chin against the smoky gaze in his eyes. She suspected she was falling in love with him. The thought was terrifying. 
“Do you want to?” His voice was deep, edgy. “Leap into bed with me?”
There was no point lying. “Yes.” Her body was burning and he could probably feel the heat. “And I can't say I haven't thought about it.”
His eyes flashed.
“But it's not something that I can do.” Even to her own mind this made no sense. Jack was a god. She was Miss-Still-Got-A-Spare-Tyre from all the stress-eating in pregnancy. She wasn't Charlotte, perfectly toned and tall and a genetic freak. You don’t believe he is really attracted to you. That’s what it amounted to. It was just the circumstance that was making him want her —
“Ssshh.” He put his finger over her lips. “I'm flattered that you would like to have your way with me. The truth is I'm not the kind of man who sleeps around either.”
He dropped his hand away.
“But you’re the one who’s making me think about it.”
He reached over then, and kissed her. Short but not in any way sweet. As if saying, this is what it will be like and you better believe it will be so good you won't ever forget it.
He lingered a moment, and in that second she melted into his touch. His kiss. His scent. She wavered. Just one time. 
No. Jack was grieving, and all she’d be was the one who was right here, right now, the one who could take his mind off that grief. That’s all she would be. The one who took his mind, for just a moment, off this hell. As tempted as she was, she did not want to be that woman.
He pulled back, his own breathing ragged, his eyes glazed. 
“Good night.” And with the taste of him, the scent of him, the image of him in those jeans with that bare, wet chest burning into her eyes she said, “Good night, Jack.”
And she turned and left. 


She slept badly and woke feeling she hadn't slept at all. She showered and dressed, quickly blow-dried her hair, and went downstairs where the sound of morning cartoons came from the TV room. She went in to check.
Ruby and James sat on the floor and between them was Eric. They were still dressed in their pyjamas, all three of them, and they sat up close together, their legs crossed, and their arms touching. 
As she walked around the side, a splash of bright pink caught her eye.
Ruby’s blanket. 
With a jolt, she saw it had been draped across the three of them.
She stared at it a second, unable to believe what she was seeing then, quickly, she left the room.
Before they asked her something, before her voice cracked, before she broke down and made a complete fool of herself. 
She went round the corner into the kitchen and stopped in her tracks.
Jack stood at the counter. 
Robyn swallowed down hard and took a calming breath.
He’d thrown on shorts and a T-shirt A patch of sweat dampened his back from the neckband half way down to his waist. The tips of his hair were wet, and he was drinking thirstily from a water bottle.
He set the bottle down and she said in a voice that sounded calmer than she felt, “Good morning.” 
His body tensed, he turned, and watched her as he backhanded his mouth. Finally, not taking his eyes off her he said, “Good morning back.” 
She moved forward, searching for anything to say to break this tension.
“I was wondering—” What was she wondering? That we came close to making love, that we both wanted to, so does that mean anything?
“Is there any news on what's happening with Eric?” she said instead.
His gaze left hers only briefly to glance out to the family room. He flicked the lid shut on the bottle. “Val's friend Maria rang this morning.” He set the bottle down. “I'm taking him home Thursday.”
In three days?
Three days and it was all going to be over. 
The silence drew out and she searched for something to say, something that wouldn’t alert him to just how confused she felt. 
She couldn’t think of a thing.
“Robyn.” He met her gaze levelly. “About what happened last night.”
She clenched her fists and steeled herself for a stock phrase.
He regarded her a moment longer, then he turned back to the sink and for a moment there was just silence thrumming between them.
“I’ve put the coffee on,” he said.
She moved closer to the counter. “Jack?”
He turned around. A muscle throbbed down his jaw, and she found herself staring at the dark stubble on his chin. Nerves pooled in the base of her stomach. He looked too male for her right now. He was too rugged and sexy, too hard and strong, and far too hot and sweaty. It reminded her of what could have been. 
But it had been the right decision. Her feelings for him would consume her. His rejection of her would be like a fatal wound.
She shook her head. “It’s not important,” she lied. 


Jack took his coffee up to his study to get away from the promise of her. She'd showered and had smelt of... He didn't know what it was. But it had been intoxicating. 
He’d wanted to clear the air but the fact was, it was impossible to clear. What he’d felt last night, he still felt.
She didn’t need to hear it.
He slugged back some coffee and set the cup down on the varnished surface of his desk. Mrs P. would have a fit he hadn’t used a coaster but he didn’t give a damn about coffee stains on expensive furniture right now. 
Robyn. He’d have been an impotent priest not to respond. She had stood there in shorts and a red T-shirt that had skimmed her body to perfection and had staked a claim on his heart and on his body.
He stared at his blank laptop screen. Staking claims. His heart. He was starting to scare the hell out of himself. 
He pulled open the top drawer of his desk and reluctantly reached for the Fed Ex envelope. He’d put this off long enough. He ripped the zip on the package, and took out a smaller manila envelope.
He unsealed that, pulled out several sheets of paper clipped together, and flicked through them. A birth certificate. He quickly skimmed it.
He'd seen it before, but again it startled him. He was the father of a child. He set the document down.
Next was the Last Will and Testament. He unfolded the goatskin paper, and skimmed the text. 
There wasn’t a lot to it. Her parents had both died some years back, and she had no siblings. Not a lot of possessions either.
He read further, and suddenly stumbled over a clause. His gaze flickered and he re-read that portion of the Will.
He looked away a second, and blinked to clear his sight. Clearly something wrong with his eyes. He forced himself to focus, and he re-read the sentences.
No. He read them again, and swore under his breath. No. This could not be true. Inside, he went deadly still as he let out a long shuddering breath. There had to be some mistake, he told himself, as he stared disbelievingly at the phrase and everything around him went hazy. 
I request that Eric’s birth father, Jack Ronald Fletcher, be given full custody of Eric. 
 


CHAPTER FIFTEEN


Jack dropped the will and grabbed the other pages, sending half of them flying as he scrabbled around on his desk. He needed an explanation, he needed a reason, he needed—
He grabbed a handwritten note like a lifeline and read it.
It was there in her neat, italicised writing. She wanted him to be Eric’s full time guardian. His father. 
His dad.
Jack set the paper back on the desk as disbelief ripped through him. What the hell was she playing at?
He'd talked to Maria, and she'd been vague about Eric, about his future. It hadn't bugged him because he knew what was meant to happen. He was meant to go back home to a suburb in Toronto, to his friends, to his mother’s closest friend, a friend with children that Eric played with. To what was familiar to him considering he'd just had his life ripped apart from the inside out. 
That's what happened. Anyone with common sense knew that. He even knew that.
You did not make a kid stay with a man he'd known less than a month.
Especially a dad who was never going to be a hands-on, car-pooling, sideline-soccer Dad.
He pushed himself away from the desk, his mind spinning in turmoil, and made his way restlessly down the stairs to the family room.
He stopped abruptly in the doorway, his skin an alternating mix of hot and cold. He breathed in so deep he felt it hit the pit of his stomach as he waited for some of the tension to go, waited for the pulse in his neck to slow down. 
Eric suddenly looked up. “Hi, Dad,” he said in that voice that had become so damnably solemn these past days. 
“Hey.” Jack’s voice threatened to catch in his throat at Eric’s greeting. Dad. “How you doing?”
Eric shrugged, and Robyn came round the corner, a plate of toast in one hand, a cup of coffee in the other.
She halted, hesitating for a moment. Her eyes were wide and unsteady, and question flashed across them, but he couldn’t speak to her, couldn’t tell her what he was feeling when he was damned sure he didn’t know himself. She beckoned behind her. “Did you want toast? I can make some.”
Nausea swelled in his stomach at the thought of food. He shook his head. “Thanks, but no.”
She frowned. “You’re pale.”
He tore his gaze away from her, from the concern in her eyes, and he focused instead on Eric.
“Eric?” 
Eric finally swallowed down the mouthful of fruit he’d been chewing as though it were rubber.
He glanced slowly, expectantly, up. 
“Eric, when you were back in Canada—”
Was it right to do this? He didn’t know but he did know he had to ask something, to find out anything that Eric might have known about his Canadian family when Val had made it clear what her dying wish for her son was. Had she said anything to prepare Eric? Anything?
“What did your mother tell you — about me?”
Eric looked a little confused at first. “I dunno.”
Jack took a step closer. “She told you that you were coming out here to have a holiday with me, right?”
He nodded, his eyes large, solemn.
“And she didn’t tell you anything else?”
He shrugged. “Not really. Just that you were my dad and you’d never seen me before.” He cocked his head a little to the side. “She said you were a really nice man.”
His heart began to splinter. Why had she done this? “So there was nothing else she said to you?”
“No,” he said finally and he accompanied it with a too nonchalant shrug. “I mean...Well, I know lots of kids who don’t have dads.”
His voice faltered and he looked down quickly into his bowl; his body began to shake and he put both fists to his eyes. Right there, the nausea in Jack’s stomach solidified into a cold, hard, foul mass as he watched helplessly as a tear trickled down the side of Eric's nose while he squeezed his eyes shut.
“Don't cry, 'Ric,” Ruby said as she edged closer to him, and Eric's body began to heave as Robyn came over and swept him up into her arms.
Jack’s jaw tightened against the self-disgust ramming into him. 
There was a difference between Eric and those ‘lots of other kids’ and it was one hell of a difference.
Most of those kids still had their mother. 


“What the hell are you doing?” Robyn’s voice was low and guttural and he didn’t think he’d ever seen such fury blazing in her eyes. She’d settled the children and now she was in his study, anger radiating out from her. “Just what in the hell were you trying to do back there?  Just when I think he’s going to be all right, he goes right back and...you made him cry. How could you? How could you do that to him?”
He faced her, his fists clenched. “Val has put in her will that she wants me to have full custody of Eric. She wants him to stay here. To live with me.”
Robyn shook her head. “You've lost me.”
He jerked his thumb to the documents, laid out on his desk, pages he’d examined as if looking for a clue, as if waiting for a voice from the dead to tell him just why she wanted that.
“Val wants Eric to live with me.”
“But—” She frowned. “I thought he was going to live with Val’s friend. That’s what you said.”
“Yeah, well.” He ran his hand through his hair roughly. “That’s what I assumed. Val had other ideas. Apparently” 
Robyn turned away, seemed to consider it, then turned back and raised her arms in a helpless shrug. 
His voice was grim. “A shock, huh?”
“To put it mildly.”
She stared at the papers on his desk, frowned, then looked back at him. She hesitated. “But you know, in a way, it makes sense.”
He shook his head in disbelief. “He doesn’t know me. I hardly know him. This Maria has known him all his life. I’ve got a Nazi housekeeper and a business to run. I’m not a car pooling type of guy. She can not have been lucid when she came up with this.”
“I take issue with calling Mrs Parker a Nazi.” Her mouth curved slightly. “She's softened these past weeks. And you're forgetting the crucial thing here. You're his father.” Robyn sat on the side of the desk, her arms folded, her face serious.
“Blood ties are worthless. I of all people know that.”
She exhaled wearily and he was drawn to the mole on her cheek. You barely knew it was there unless you were close to her, but it was there. He’d traced his index finger around it. It seemed a lifetime ago now. 
He added, “I’m his father biologically, and in name on that birth certificate. For the first seven years of his life that meant squat. As far as Eric knows, I’m just some nice man her mother sent him out to spend a short holiday with. Not the rest of his life.”
His words appeared to have startled her. “You are more than that and you know it.”
“I know who I am,” he said, “and the title ‘father’ doesn’t come into it.”
She stared at him, and said deliberately, “So what does this mean? You’re going to go against her wishes, and send him back to Canada? Leave his mother's friend to raise him, with no family?”
“I will do what is best for Eric.” 
He slotted the papers smartly into the manila envelope and saw the note on top. A piece of thick white paper with Val's handwriting. There was nothing familiar about that handwriting. It was cursive, neat; it belonged to his son's mother. That was all. A freak biological connection.
He ran his thumb down over the paper. She had to have sat down, maybe at a kitchen table one night when her son was sleeping, and composed it. Maybe she'd gone over it several times, written several drafts before she was satisfied with what it said. Knowing that when it was read it was because she had died.  
Robyn shifted, stood up, but hesitated. He waited for her to offer some sage advice, to tell him what to do.
She only looked at him, a look he couldn’t for the life of him interpret.
She’d walked a few steps to the door when she said, “When did you say you were flying out?”
He met her gaze squarely. “Thursday. Val's funeral is Saturday.”
She nodded slowly then focused intently on her fingernails. 
Suddenly there was quiet all around them as a dozen thoughts flew through his mind. 
Eric's mother had died.
This thing with Robyn was almost over.
She was going home.
The most challenging, frustrating, the most fun, most enlightening few weeks of his life — it was coming to an end.
The realization numbed him. He pushed himself away from the desk, took a step closer to her, wanting to ask her if the past weeks had been the same for her.
Her head didn't lift. 
He swallowed down. “It's a small private service. It's what she wanted.”
Her head moved, barely a nod, and finally she looked up at him, looked straight at him.
Her expression was frustratingly blank. “That gives me time to get everything sorted.”
The silence stretched out uncomfortably until Robyn said quietly, “He'll need an extra bag for all his stuff.”
The clothes he'd bought, the stuffed “Muppet” toy from the pet show, and the bits and pieces accumulated over the past weeks.
He swallowed heavily. “I’ve got extra bags.”
The atmosphere was suddenly charged and his chest tightened.
His world had changed these past weeks and right now it was changing on him again.
He was used to change. He’d strived for it his entire adult life. He'd made decisions, built a business, turned his life around. He had taken what life had thrown him and he had dealt with it.
Yet right now he had no idea what to do. 
Loss sat heavily on him and he hated the feeling.
Robyn folded her arms across her chest, and lifted her chin at his silence. “I guess I better make sure he’s got everything he needs for the trip.”
“I was going to head into work but I don’t think it’s wise.”
“Maybe you should go and get away for a bit. Eric will be fine with us and Mrs P, and Sage and Harry might drop in.” She gave a wan smile. “You need a break too, Jack.”
She turned, too quickly and Jack called out, “Robyn.”
She stopped. 
He said impulsively, “Have dinner with me tonight.”
Her eyes watched him questioningly. They'd never been out, just the two of them. Not without kids. “My treat. Just the two of us, before I take Eric back.”
“Mrs Parker's doing a roast tonight,” she reminded him.  
“Ah. Not missing that.” She never did a roast dinner when it was just him but she prepared one regularly now. 
“But tomorrow would be fine,” Robyn added.
Relief punched Jack. “Good. I'll take care of the arrangements.”
 

An hour later, Jack sat back in his chair and put his feet on the desk because it was his office and he could do what he liked. Even so, he imagined the disapproval emanating through the closed door from Collette.
“Catch.”  A chilled can flew through the air and he caught it.
Ethan sat on the edge of the desk, gazing moodily out the window. Jack rubbed the annoying, firmly entrenched ache in his chest, but Ethan turning up had eased it somewhat. The beer was an unusual twist given the hour of the day, yet it seemed appropriate.
Ethan suddenly sighed. “Do you ever look back over the past month and wonder just what the hell happened?”
Jack flipped open the can, drank down the cool beer. “Every hour of the freaking day. I end up more confused than ever.”
“I'm not confused. At least about one thing. You and Charlotte. Brad and Emily. It’s all proof to me to stay clear the hell away from relationships.”
Jack sighed then. Hindsight had provided some answers on that one and on the drive over as he’d tried to focus on anything other than Eric’s grief, he’d thought of Charlotte. He hadn’t heard from her, and he hadn’t heard from Brad. It was better that way.
“Me and Charlotte, you know, it was never the love match of the century. The media liked to make out it was and Charlotte didn't do anything to dispel it. But it was convenience. I liked her.” Had never been in love with her.
Ethan gulped down some beer as if he hadn't been listening. “And then there’s that friend of Robyn’s.”
Jack raised his eyebrows. “Sage?” 
“She looks easy enough on the eye. Then you try and make conversation with her. A barracuda with breasts.” 
Jack’s eyebrows knit together. “I hadn’t noticed that about her.”
“You've had other things on your mind.”
Jack leaned even further back in the chair and stared at the white ceiling.
Right now Robyn was at his house packing, organizing his son. Getting her kids packed to head back to their little old home in the sprawling suburbs.
He massaged his temples.  
“I'm taking Robyn out to dinner tomorrow night. I owe her.” His voice caught in his throat. I owe her for everything. “I would have sunk hard and fast without her.” He glanced over at Ethan who was looking intently at his can. They were mates but they never talked about deep stuff. “How about coming over to babysit the tribe?”
Ethan started to grin, then stopped. “Babysit? You're not kidding?”
Jack got to his feet. His body was tight. He needed to go on a long run to loosen up. “We’ll go local and the children should be asleep. Although you'd need to keep a regular eye on Eric. He’s sleeping badly.” 
Ethan did a thumbs-up. “I've got it. If anything out of my control happens?” He held up his phone.
Jack nodded. “Thanks, mate.”
Ethan brushed his thanks aside. “It's not as if I'm actually doing anything else tomorrow night. Or any other night for that matter. I’m just a sad old bachelor in a house for one now that Emily's deserted me. In fact, I’m so darned pathetic I jump at the chance to say yes.” He took another swig of the beer. “Isn’t there a game on?”
“I have no idea. But we've got sugar cereal if you need a snack.”
Ethan grimaced. “Oh, yum.”


“Jack’s taking me out for dinner tomorrow night,” Robyn told Sage as they stopped by the noticeboard at the bookstore. They were at the mall and she’d been looking for a gift to give Eric, a book she’d get all of them to sign so he'd have a permanent reminder of his short time in New Zealand. Maybe it would help him remember the good times, when odds were for him, New Zealand would always be the place his mother sent him when she'd died.
It was hard to comprehend it all. She glanced back at the children's area of the bookstore where all three were flicking through books. Every time she looked at Eric, her heart ached. What he must be feeling, the grief, the uncertainty, she had no idea.
“I think I need glasses,” Sage squinted. “Can you see a book club for vegan cooking?” Then she stopped. “Sorry, did you just say you and Jack are going out? He’s actually taking you out on a date? No children in tow?”
“Not a date, and yes, you do need glasses, the vegan cooking is right there.” She stabbed the noticeboard and Sage scrambled around in her tie-dyed tote for a pen and paper. “So what's the occasion?” She scribbled down the details.
“A thank you for me being around these past weeks.”
Sage nodded solemnly. She'd shared the shock at Val's wish for Eric to stay with Jack. “Where’s he taking you?” She pocketed her paper. 
“I don't know. He's taking care of the arrangements but it'll be somewhere local in Takapuna.”
“Ooh, upmarket Takapuna is your local now. How times have changed. What happened to the fish and chip shop down the road from our place being the local?”
Robyn punched her lightly on the arm. “Oh, it will be again.” That she knew.
Sage paused at a display and picked up a book. “Okay, I'll come over. I fancy his house. Fancy him too in a way.” She brushed her hair back behind her ear and muttered, “Unlike that creepy friend of his.”
“Creepy friend? Who—Sage! For the love of all that is good, will you give it a rest? You’ve barely even talked to him.”
“I know him enough to know an arrogant swine when I see one. The man sends chills of repressed horror up my spine. I hate to think what he’s like in bed.”
Robyn groaned and Sage protested, “I get a bad feeling from that man. He has bad vibes all over his aura.” 
Robyn exhaled. She loved Sage, she was family, but this was crazy. 
“I think we're going out about eight. Come over, say seven-thirty?”
“I’ve got some DVDs on organic gardening I can watch on his big screen TV. I do love that living room of his and all that space. And the size of that TV. And so handy to the kitchen.” Sage turned to her and nodded. “Count me in.”


There was a commotion coming from the front porch. Jack took the stairs two at a time and pulled open the door. Ethan and Sage stood there, both thunderous, in some kind of standoff. Ethan was clutching a six pack of beer; Sage a bag of fruit.
She looked at Jack and beckoned to Ethan. “What the heck is he doing here?”
“He’s here to—”
“Ethan?” Robyn was coming down the stairs behind him. “Hi?”
“What’s going on?” Ethan pushed past Jack, jabbing his finger in Sage’s direction. “Don’t tell me I have to babysit her as well?”
“Babysit?” Sage glowered. “I’m the one babysitting these children. What are you doing here?”
“Hold up.” Jack held up both hands in confusion as Robyn stopped at his elbow. He breathed. She smelt of something musky. It momentarily distracted him.
She said, “I asked Sage if she’d come over. I assumed you wanted me to take care of the childcare part of the arrangement.”
“I saw Ethan and asked him.” He scratched his jaw. “I never thought to check. The night is my treat.”
“Well, I’ve got my evening planned.” Ethan shot a glare at Sage, then bent and kissed Robyn on the cheek. Jack frowned. Had his lips actually lingered on her cheek?
She shrugged apologetically at Sage whose eyes were so narrow in accusation it was amazing she even had vision. 
“Uh uh.” Sage went further in and put her bag on the side table. “He can go. I’m not going anywhere.”
“Got no ball breaking to do tonight?” Ethan shot back.
Jack groaned. “There are children asleep in this house.” Out of the corner of his eye he thought he saw a flash of pink at the top of the stairs.
“It's Ruby. I’ll go.” Sage was already making for the stairs. “Ruby knows me. A heck of a lot better than—” She pointed her outstretched finger towards Ethan. “Him.”
Ethan glared at her disappearing figure. “I've got no one at home, not even a cat, and she's already got a daughter. I’m not budging.”
He strode into the family room, changed the TV channel to the game build-up and lay back on the huge leather sofa with a sigh. Without looking away from the screen, he said, “Looks like you just got yourself a two for one deal. Go and have a good time.” He angled all six foot five of his body so he could reach the remote and his beer without having to move off the sofa. “And don't worry. I've got it covered here.”



CHAPTER SIXTEEN


Jack had chosen an upmarket but casual restaurant that had been all over social media as the hottest restaurant on the North Shore.
It was crowded for the middle of the week, and a few people gave them curious glances as they were shown to their table, a table set for two.
The days of having people blatantly stare, as they would have when he’d gone out with Charlotte, had passed.
Besides, Robyn’s was a subtle attraction, completely different to Charlotte. But then Charlotte never stepped out in public without makeup and immaculate hair.
He’d thought about Charlotte again today, to analyse himself in regard to her, in regard to their relationship.
He had few answers. She had been the one who had instigated the relationship, had called him after they'd first met. He’d suggested dinner, on a high after winning a lucrative contract, and they had dated again and before he knew it, he and Charlotte Bodie were a couple. He had enjoyed her sense of humour, had enjoyed being with her but as he’d begun accompanying her to events and functions, he’d preferred to slide in to the background and let Charlotte do the smiling and the talking. But being here with Robyn was different.
He didn’t want to be in Robyn’s background.
They studied their menus, discussed their choices like a normal couple, ordered their meals, and watched the sommelier pour the pinot.
Jack nodded a greeting to the CEO being seated at the neighbouring table, and checked his phone.
“No calls from Ethan,” he announced. He slipped the phone back in his pocket. “I take that as a sign all is good on the home front.”
“The twins will be asleep. What about Eric?”
He shook his head. “I'm not sure. He's pretty wound up about heading home. Seeing his house, his friends, the memories of Val—”
His voice caught and before he could say another word, Robyn murmured, “Don't.” She reached across, put her hand on his. “Don't think about that.”
The touch warmed him before it sent a jolt through him. 
She captured his gaze. “You know that all that stuff is going to happen so there’s no point dwelling on what it will be like because it has to be awful. It's going to hurt. You don't have to let it hurt now.”
“Profound,” he commented lightly but her words flooded him with a reassurance he found peaceful.
She said, “You can waste a lot of time second guessing.”
Their meals arrived and when the waiter had set them down, Jack said, “Are you talking about your ex-husband?”
She hesitated as she picked up her knife and fork. “Yes.” Her eyes suddenly darkened. “But also my own family.”
He frowned. He wouldn't have thought there was all that much to second guess with the Taylors. They were, after all, a family the community had looked up to. 
“I never knew your father well. I know he cared for his students and that he was strict. He could be very strict.” 
Her eyebrows arched and he commented dryly, “I was on the receiving end of it plenty of times at school.”
“That was Dad. Strict to a “t”. He had rules for Kelly and me. We didn't tend to break them.”
It had never crossed his mind that he was strict with his own daughters. They weren't running wild and, academically, they had both shone.
“But,” she went on, “I had the focus of medical school to keep me out of trouble which, in my case, was most likely being distracted by boys.”
“You were dedicated.”
She nodded. “I knew the competition was stiff, that I'd be competing with kids who'd been educated at private schools, kids who had resources at their fingertips we never had at Kopane High.” 
He analysed this. “So you felt you were on the back foot? That you had something to prove?”
“I didn’t just feel I was on the back foot, I knew it.” She took a sip of her wine, then another before she set the glass back down. “I’d have to move down to Auckland, live with strangers, I didn't know anyone, and to top it off, I had no friends coming down to university with me.” She paused as another business colleague greeted Jack, and when he’d moved off, Jack focused his attention back on her.
“And it was around then you met your husband?”
She nodded.
She’d told him Edwin had been several years older than her, that he’d been her first serious boyfriend. It had been the classic situation really.
“Anyhow,” she said as she cut into her chicken, “I never had it as bad as you.”
He did a double take at her. “Are you serious? You had a broken marriage, and two kids. You had to raise them on your own. I’ve never had that; I've only had to worry about myself. I didn’t have to worry about two other lives that depended on me.” 
Her lips flattened wryly. “It’s true that at times it has been a real struggle.”
He knew that was what fuelled her kids clothing business. 
“Have your parents ever helped out?”
She paused, then shook her head. “No.”
He'd wondered about that. “Surely they'd help you out. Help out with their grandkids.”
She met his questioning stare full on. “I’ve never asked them. I don’t want them to know how tough it is.”  
“Why ever not?”
“It’s hard to explain.”
He challenged her. “Try.”
“Okay,” she shrugged, but there was nothing casual about the movement. “I don't want them to know because I seem to continually disappoint them.”
He felt his own eyebrows shoot up in disbelief. “Why on earth do you think that?”
“Because it’s the truth.” The conviction in her voice made him set down his knife. The steak could wait. “Explain it to me then.”
 “I really don't think—”
“Robyn. Just tell me. We’ve got all night.”
She was about to protest, when he lowered himself to about as low as he could go, and played the trump card. “It’ll take my mind off everything else. Off Eric and Val.”
She smoothed down her napkin and set it in front of her. “Okay.” She fingered the stem of her wine glass. She was fiddling and it was clear she really didn’t want to tell him.
“My parents had high expectations for me. Study medicine, graduate, be a doctor and specialize. Now?” She raised her shoulders in a look-at-me-now gesture. “I’ve got two kids I’m struggling to support, a failed marriage, and a business I'm trying to set up which statistically has a really good chance of failing.”
He frowned. “But you're happy with the plans for the business aren’t you? I've seen your passion for it; you get a distant look in your eyes. I've seen you with that look when you’re doodling — drawing — on a scrap of paper. It’s inspiration. It’s passion.”
The corners of her mouth turned up a fraction, and she said, “I do love it and if it succeeds I'll be so happy. To take what was purely a hobby and something I did to save money and have it as an income? It's a dream.”
He sensed the 'but' and said it. “But?”
“It's not what my parents wanted for me.” Her tone was subdued. “They wanted bigger things. Greater things. Academic achievement was important to my father, especially.”
“Hang on a minute.” Jack tried to understand what she was saying, what she believed. “You are seriously telling me that your father doesn’t believe that starting up this business is a good enough career for you?”
She met him squarely, defiant at his disbelief. “Absolutely, he doesn't.”
Jack glanced at his drink. He remembered his talks with Principal Taylor, those times he’d been hauled into the office, remembered the words he’d said about both his daughters. He had high hopes. No. They weren't hopes. They were expectations.
Again, it had never occurred to him that the principal, who was strict with his students, was the same with his own daughters.
Robyn went on, “There was never any other option, no Plan B. It’s what I worked towards in high school, and I got in to med school. I got well over half way through.” She toyed with her wine glass again. “My father was — disappointed I fell pregnant. Although disappointed is putting it mildly. And naturally Edwin didn't want children. At all.” She breathed in deep. “He was so furious when he found out, he was adamant the only thing for me to do was book into a clinic and—”
She didn't say the words and anger rose in Jack’s throat. Ruby and James.
“Then he was a bastard.”
“I never planned to have children either but when I found out I vowed that I would do it all. Have the babies and finish my studies.” Her lips flattened. “It didn’t work out that way.”
He was taken aback by the flash of regret across her face, and she drained her glass. The wine had gotten rid of her sense of privacy. She was telling it all from the heart now.
“I should have known better. Even though I won the scholarship, it barely covered one semester’s tuition. My parents paid a lot of money for me to go to university.”
“Is that what this is about? The money?”
“Part of it.” 
“But you have two beautiful kids.”
She was silent a moment. “Whom they never visit.”
“Then plan a trip to the Gold Coast. I'll pay your airfares.”
She looked straight at him then, her eyes intense and honest and raw. “And ram home to them just how I ruined my life?”
Shock hit him, pummelled him, as if Ruby and James were his own children, his own flesh and blood. “Your folks would not think that.” How could they look at the twins and possibly think they had ruined their daughter’s life, even for a second?
She gave a laugh tinged with bitterness. “You’ve never heard them lament the fact I’ve been reduced to a statistic, a solo mum, when I could have been...” She left the statement open.
He was silent a moment. “Whose regret is this Robyn?  Theirs — or yours?”
Her jaw dropped. “I don’t regret having my children.”
He let a few seconds tick by, took a sip of his wine. “You sure about that?”
“Of course.” She faltered suddenly, thinking, but he saw the moment she straightened, her shoulders going back, her chin lifting. “That was a despicable thing to say.”
“Yeah, I know.”
Her jaw clenched with frustration. “Then why say it?”
“To make you realize you can’t live your life by your past mistakes and by other people’s plans for your life.”
“Ruby and James aren’t a mistake. They’re the best. They’re my life.”
“So why talk as if they aren’t?”
“I don’t...” She faltered again.
He looked away from her, left her thinking about it as he refilled his glass, then hers.
She said, “Do I?”
He turned back. “Don’t you?”
He was met with silence. 
He went on, “You regret you never finished med school. You regret you disappointed your family. You regret you wasted money on tuition your father will never get back. You regret that you were stupid enough to have sex with a man and not use contraception. You regret you have lived a life you hadn’t planned, while the life you had planned as a kid back in the sanctuary of Kopane—”
“Stop it!” She almost yelled the words, then realized people were staring. She cleared her throat. “I get the picture, Jack.”
“Take your own advice for a change, Robyn. You never know. It might just actually work for once.”
She looked shaken, but he knew why he’d said it. Pushed it.
She infuriated him like no one else ever had. She got in to him, challenged him, made him think.
She'd changed his life.
And, damn it, he was so attracted to her.
Aware of her.
Wanted to reach across the table, take her face in both his hands and kiss her senseless.
He wanted to do more than that.
She was staring into her glass of wine. So much for a nice night out before he flew with Eric to Canada. He needed to change the subject. Needed to get his mind off the fact her finger was tracing a seductive pattern on the wine glass that made him wonder how it would feel if she was tracing that pattern on him.
He coughed to clear his throat, drank down some ice cold water, set the glass down.
He plucked a comment out of the air. “Emily's moved back to her old place.”
“Oh, good.” Robyn looked relieved at the change of subject, even though it was completely random. “Though I think Ethan got used to her being around. Now she’s gone, he seems lonely.”
“That's why he agreed to babysit.”
“Ditto, Sage. She’s at a bit of a loss, too. Harriet left on a school trip today.”
Just thinking of Ethan and Sage made him shift in his seat. Sage with her fruit and Ethan with his six pack. 
Two people with an intense distrust of each other.
Robyn scrutinized him. “What? What are you thinking?”
He shook his head. “It’s nothing.” He ground more pepper over his steak, then set the grinder down with a sigh.
Robyn sat back. “You’re not comfortable with them being there. Are you?”
He realized he was frowning and he shook away the doubt that seemed to be deepening. “You know, I’m fine with it. Those kids are in very capable hands. They have two fully grown, mature—” His voice caught a fraction on the word mature. He tried again.  “Mature adults looking after them. What can go wrong?”
“Nothing. Of course, nothing.” Robyn pushed her dinner around with her fork. “I mean, I’ve known Sage a few years now and she loves the children. Of course, nothing will go wrong.”
“Ditto, Ethan.” Jack stabbed a bean. “He’s the guy you want on your side when you’re heading into battle. Great guy.”
Robyn poked her fork around a bit more, then sighed and set it down. “Although I’ve never seen two people react to each other like that. You only have to mention Ethan's name and Sage just —” Robyn snapped her fingers. “She goes ballistic. I’ve never seen her behave that way with anyone else. They seem to rub each other up the wrong way just by breathing.”
Jack’s steak suddenly looked tasteless.  
He met her gaze. “So is the chicken good?”
“It is. Was.” She looked perplexed, worried. “What do you think?”
“I think we’ll skip dessert,” he said.
She put her napkin on her plate. “Mrs P made carrot cake earlier. With cream cheese icing.”
He rose to his feet. “Then let's go home. Now.”


Ten minutes later Jack pushed open the front door and let Robyn rush through to the lounge.
There was silence save for the monotonous drone coming from the TV.
Sage sat on a chair, her legs curled up, watching a cooking show, nibbling on sliced apple. She raised her eyebrows, but her jaw was tight, her back rigid. “I thought you’d be back much later than this.”
“Thank heaven they’re not.” Ethan rose from the other end of the lounge, where he sat with a beer, and a business magazine.
He grabbed Jack by the arm and jerked his thumb towards Sage. “Have you seen what she’s watching? There was a freaking game on tonight and she's watching some dumb arse cooking DVD.”
“Then it’s a good job we came home early.”
Ethan stared. “You came home early?”
“Thought you two might be tearing your hair out. Or each other's. And I don’t mean in a good way.”
“Well, hell.” He rammed his hands in his pockets and grimaced apologetically. “Our childishness has ruined your evening.”
“Don't be sorry.” He glanced at Robyn who was disappearing upstairs to check on the children. She couldn't get up there fast enough. Had the Ethan and Sage thing been an excuse? Their dinner conversation had hardly been a laugh a minute.
“Well, since you're back—” Ethan shot a glance at Sage, and raised his voice pointedly. “Our job here is done.”
Sage uncurled, stood up, and gave a dramatic stretch.
“After you,” she said.
“Ladies first.”
She grabbed her satchel from the floor by her feet and headed out to the porch. “I'm not going until I say goodbye to Robyn.”
Ethan followed and stood next to her in the hall, but with distance between them. “Ditto.”
“She was my friend first,” Sage shot back as Robyn joined them.
Ethan rolled his eyes. “Though maybe I should go first so I don't get stuck behind your so-called vehicle out there.”
“Oh, and your stupid big “look at me, I'm so macho” truck isn't adding to society's problems?”
Ethan stared at her as if she were insane. “Haven't you got more to worry about than some namby pamby theory?”
“Namby pam— Are you serious?” Sage's voice lowered a dangerous pitch. “Atmospheric carbon dioxide is increasing and anyone with an ounce of intelligence can see that humans are the reason.” Her face was getting redder with each breath. “Humans are the worst offenders. Especially humans with offensive penis replacements for a car.”
Ethan moved a step closer so he now towered over her. “Open your mind and accept that we are in the middle of a warming trend that began, oh, like a couple of hundred years ago. The science is clear. The planet came out of a cold spell that lasted centuries and what is going on now is perfectly normal.”
Sage fumed. “And you are prepared to bet the future of this planet on that pseudo science? Please.”
“Oh, come on. Pseudo science, are you kidding me?  You are being sucked in and you can't even see it. I'd never have taken a ball-busting woman like you for a complete sucker.”
“How dare you.” Sage's nostrils flared as her chest heaved. 
Suddenly, inexplicably, the air in the room became charged. 
Sage took a jerky step closer towards Ethan and Robyn experienced a sharp twinge of panic. Sage had excelled at self-defence in her Woman for Life classes, and although she’d taken the oath that her knowledge was only to be used in actual real self-defence, she’d once told Robyn that if any man annoyed her enough, she would use her skills, the oath be damned.
Ethan moved closer, and her hand instantly went to his chest, and stopped. Splayed across the tight black T-shirt. 
Her body seemed to sway a fraction and Robyn did a double take. This was no self-defence move she’d witnessed before. 
Ethan leaned forward, leaving them only inches apart. He bent his head, his lips a fraction off hers.
He muttered something and Sage let out a low groan. 
“What is she doing?” Robyn muttered.
Jack was half shielding his eyes. 
Ethan wrapped his arm around Sage, pulled her so hard their bodies slammed up against each other. Her arms went around him and linked as Ethan bent his mouth to Sage and kissed her. 
Sage pressed herself even closer to him and Robyn blinked to correct her vision. This couldn't be happening. 
“What the hell is going on?” Jack’s voice was thick with shock. 
Robyn couldn't find her voice. She tried to speak but nothing came out.
“This can’t be good,” Jack muttered. 
Sage suddenly tore herself away, breathing heavily, and Ethan swore under his breath, ran his hands through his short hair and stepped back.
“Well.” Sage clutched her bag tighter to her chest, and avoided looking at anyone as Ethan inspected his shoe.
“Goodnight,” Sage said, her face pink, and with a quick look at Ethan she pushed back her shoulders and walked out the front door. 
Robyn glanced uncomfortably at Jack who now glared at Ethan.
Ethan held up his hand. “Don’t say a thing.”
Jack ignored him. “Just what the hell was that?”
Ethan exhaled and glanced out the door. He looked shaken, exhausted. He shook his head. “I've got no idea.”
He looked for a moment as if he wanted to run out the door after Sage, but then her van revved loudly in the driveway, backfired, and they all winced. It revved again and with a squeal of tyres it puttered down the road.
“I'm going to check on the kids again.” Mercifully, Robyn had found her voice. “Make sure they haven't inadvertently seen anything that might scar them for life.”
She shot a glare at Ethan who repeated, between gritted teeth, “Nothing went on.”
Robyn disappeared up the stairs and Ethan leant against the wall.
“Ethan.” Jack shook his head and now the shock had worn off, tried not to laugh.
“Yeah. I know.” Ethan was silent a minute. “Do you mind if I sleep on the couch for the night?”
“Not up to going back to an empty house because you are a pathetic man?” Jack suggested.
Ethan rubbed his chin with a weariness that had just aged him a few decades. “Yeah. Something like that.” He grimaced. “I need to think.” He stabbed the air where Sage had left. “That woman infuriates the hell out of me.”
“Clearly.” Jack slapped him across his back. “Stay the night. I'm heading out to the airport in the morning. You can take me and Eric out.”
“Sounds like a deal. Although, Jack?” He gestured up the stairs and lowered his voice. “I'm not killing anything between you and Robyn — am I?”
Jack glanced up to the next floor. No. He shook his head. Ethan wasn't killing anything.
And in a few hours Robyn and the twins would be heading back across the harbour bridge to her place, her life, and he'd be on a flight to Canada where he would try and convince a woman he didn't know that his son was better off living with her than with him, his own flesh and blood. 
For a moment, his breath hitched in his throat as the memories of the past few days came back. Holding Eric as he'd shared the grief. Being with him at the pet show. Watching him sleep. His own child.
And Robyn. With him when he went up to Kopane, when he broke the awful news to Eric. Her presence in his house. The life she had brought into it. 
But that had been mere weeks. A grain of sand in a lifetime. And even more, Robyn had made no bones about the fact that a relationship, physical or otherwise, was out of the question.
No. Ethan wasn’t getting in the way. Because despite the way he felt about Robyn, there wasn't and never had been anything to kill.
 


CHAPTER SEVENTEEN


Robyn slept badly. It wasn't the prospect of Sage and Ethan. She didn't know what that even was.
It wasn't even Eric going home to face whatever he'd find.
It was because Jack was going and this was the end.
The morning was busy, checking and packing, with Ethan moping around and asking when Sage was coming back.
Robyn had told him if he wanted to know he could phone her, she was in the book; but Ethan had just muttered under his breath and stalked off down to the beach. 
He was back in time to take Eric and Jack to the airport.
They were really going.
Ethan waited by his Hummer and Robyn stood next to it, Ruby clutching one hand and James holding on to the other for dear life. 
The luggage had been stowed in the cab, and Jack came up to them, with Eric.
Robyn bent down, and held Eric to her and his arms came up behind her neck and she squeezed back. How quickly one could grow to love a person.  
“Have a good flight,” she said, her voice shaking as she pulled away. He nodded quietly, and she thought, it was like this the day he’d arrived. So quiet and reserved. But he'd arrived believing he would be going back home to his mother.
She swallowed down hard on the lump in her throat. “Ruby’s got something for you.”
She gently propelled Ruby to the front.
Carefully, Ruby reached into her skirt pocket and pulled out a square of pink blanket, the size of a small handkerchief.
“It’s for Dudley,” Ruby said. “Your bear. To keep him warm cos Mum said it’s cold where you’re going.” She held it out to Eric.
Eric stared at it for a moment, his hand not moving.
“It’s his own blanket,” Robyn explained tentatively. It had been a rush job, a square of blanket cut and hastily stitched up to look like a mini blanket. Ruby had insisted she do it, insisted Eric would feel better if Dudley had his own blanky, even though her own was noticeably minus a square in one corner. In the end Robyn had thought it had looked all right.
Only maybe it didn’t. Maybe it was just rubbish. Maybe he wouldn’t want a pink blanket for his bear. He was a boy and maybe he thought it was just stupid. 
He looked up then, and his eyes were blinking furiously, and his mouth trembling. Jack was blinking back tears in his own eyes, too.
He shot Robyn the weakest smile, and blinked some more.
“Do you like it?” Ruby's face was a frown, not understanding. 
“Yes,” Eric said in a whisper, as he took the fabric in his hand, and touched it almost reverently. “I like it, Ruby. I like it a lot.”
Robyn wiped away the tears sliding down her cheeks, reached into her pocket for a tissue, and nudged Ruby.  
“Go and give him a hug goodbye,” she whispered shakily, and Ruby went forward and put her arms around him, and James followed.
“Come on, Eric. In the truck,” Jack said finally, his voice thick and hoarse.
Eric climbed into the back seat, and while Ruby and James came over to peer through the window, Jack turned to Robyn. 
Goodbyes. They sucked.
Jack stared at her and the hollow pit in her stomach just grew bigger.
He exhaled long and slow. “Robyn. I can never thank you enough.” He stopped, visibly uncomfortable. “These past weeks would have been untenable. If you hadn't been here, I just can’t imagine what would have happened.” The look he gave her was long and intense and filled with everything he couldn’t put into words.
“I'm glad I was here.” Her voice sounded strange. 
It had been hard in some ways, fun in others. She'd been glad to help out, glad that Ruby and James were there to be friends to Eric. Glad she'd gotten to know the real Jack Fletcher and had been able to see the truth, and not the myth of his teen years. The depth of her feelings, though, she was unprepared for, because leaving meant her heart was going to break.
She said, “What will happen after the funeral?”
He shook his head and glanced back at the truck where Ruby and James now had their noses pressed against the window, smudging the glass. Ethan looked as if he'd like to grab a loud haler and tell them to step away from the vehicle but he remained unmoving. 
“None of us have any idea. I just know that this is not the best place for Eric to be. He needs a mother. Not—”
Not a Fletcher. Not Jack Fletcher.
“You’ve done well, Jack.” Her voice was shaky.
The expression on his face said he didn’t believe her, and without hesitation, she reached up and put her arms round him. 
His arms came around her, his face buried in her hair, in her neck, and she closed her eyes and let everything else just disappear as she embraced him.
Strength, tenderness, comfort, vulnerability.
She didn't want the moment to end. She held on, her heart pounding fast at the heat and the strength of his body, as the most amazing sense — was it peace? — settled over her. Amidst the feel of him and the scent of him, deep, deep peace flooded her, reassuring her, almost drug-like. She breathed out long and slow. It was a feeling unlike anything she’d ever known, so solid and so real that she breathed it in and didn’t want it to end.
A cough sounded and then again. Jack loosened his hold on her, and long seconds later, pulled back as Ethan gestured to his phone. “A truck lost its load on the bridge and they're down two lanes. We've got to leave ASAP.”
Jack nodded and Robyn took a step back as well.
The look he gave her was almost her undoing.
“Go,” she said, the words nearly catching in her throat.
Sixty seconds later they were gone, the twins waving furiously to Eric, the throaty hum of the truck sounding fainter as they headed away. 
And then it was gone.
She braced herself for the feeling of grief as Ruby came over, slipped her hand in Robyn’s, and said, “Jack’s not our boyfriend any more, is he.”
She squeezed Ruby’s hand, tears building in her eyes. “He never was, Rubes.”
James ran inside the house, yelling he needed to go to the toilet, and Ruby suddenly let go of Robyn’s hand, yelled she needed to go more, and took off after him.
Robyn’s eyes blurred as she turned around, back to the house, back to finish the packing. Sage would be here soon to drive them home.
She glanced up at the clear, cloudless sky where in a couple of hours Jack would be in a 747 heading half way around the world. The feel of him was still with her, still on her. 
She could still sense where his cheek had pressed against hers, and she reached up to touch her tingling skin as a realization swept over her. It hadn't been peace that had settled over her in that moment with Jack.
She'd been lying to herself, lying to herself for days.
It had been love.


CHAPTER EIGHTEEN


When they'd landed and cleared customs, Jack found the rental car booth, and the car he’d booked.
Eric was subdued but keen to see Maria. Jack had learned that Maria had babysat Eric often over the past few months and as the rental pulled up in her driveway, she came out to join them.
Eric was barely out of the car before Maria embraced him. The picture said more than words. A woman hugging a child she knew and loved. Maybe they weren’t related but that didn't matter, not when Eric was back home.
Yeah. Jack drew in a shaky breath. Eric was home. Right where he was meant to be.
As she struggled to her feet, grief across her face, Maria took Jack's hand, gripped it firmly. “It's good to finally meet you, Jack.”
She suddenly pulled him to her in a hug, and his throat was abruptly thick with emotion. He couldn’t comprehend what it must have been like that last week, when she’d been with Val, holding her hand as she’d breathed her final breath. 
“I've got coffee on.” She beckoned inside to her house. “We've got a lot to get up to speed on.”


Over coffee, she told Jack more about Val's illness as he tried to comprehend her thinking. Eric was out of hearing; exhausted, he'd fallen asleep on Maria’s bed. “Val told me she wanted Eric to get to know you and for him to meet you before she passed.”
He lifted his shoulders in confusion. “It was a heck of a risky plan. Sending her son away in the last weeks of her life.” Diabolical, the more he considered it. “You didn't try and talk her out of it?”
“Hell, yeah.” She gave a wry grin. “You better believe I did. But she eventually sold me on you and I had to go along with her wishes.”
“Did you know that Val and I barely knew each other? How could she base her son's future on one weekend eight years ago?”
“Technically, it wasn't one weekend. It was the last few months. You're not exactly low profile, Jack. We Canadians can use the internet, you know.”
His eyebrows shot up. “She researched me?”
“Val called it 'cyber stalking' which sounds worse actually. Look, she just needed to know more about you, and she figured you were his father and that this was the time.”
“Why not years ago? That's the thing I don't understand. Eight years is a hell of a long time to keep a secret like this.” He exhaled wearily. “And I wonder if it weren’t for the illness, would she ever have told me?”
Maria buttered a muffin and said, “I don’t fully understand her thinking. Back then, when she was pregnant, I guess you were more of an unknown quantity. She said you were a hot-as-hell go-getter who wouldn’t want anything to do with a kid. And let’s face it.” Maria breathed a shaky breath. “Val didn't think she'd have to be planning a funeral at thirty years old. She didn’t want to be a burden to anyone, and she craved independence. That's why she left home to try and make it when she did.” Maria stood up from her seat to refill their cups with coffee and said, “I was the back up. I was Val’s oldest friend. We went to school together, reconnected when Eric was born, and even though she moved around a lot, we kept in touch. That’s why she moved back here when she got the diagnosis. I promised her I'd take care of Eric and she would never have to worry about his future. I've got two kids at school, and they played together a lot, liked each other. I’d make it work.”
He managed a slight smile. “So you were ‘on the table’ so to speak?”
She nodded. “But I told her to go with her gut and she did. And from what I see so far? Eric likes you. He maybe even loves you.”
Jack nearly spluttered in his coffee. “Time will tell,” he ground out. He still believed Eric was better off here with his friends. In his home. No matter what Val had whimsically stipulated in her will, common sense dictated that here, in this suburb of Toronto, this was the right place to be.  
Maria eyed him speculatively. “I guess time will tell.”


The funeral was short. Maria cried. Eric cried.
Jack cried. Or at least, didn't bother to stop the tears sliding down his cheeks. He had never wept tears like this in his entire life.
After, as he said goodbye to his mom, the tears came freely for Eric as he sobbed, and Maria took him in her arms, as she closed her own eyes and told him, it was going to be okay.
Jack couldn't do that because he didn't know if it all was going to be okay.
Then they went back to Val’s house, to his home.
Eric went to his room and looked through his possessions, pulled out toys, books, photos, clothes.
And Jack's heart broke at what he must be feeling.
Finally, he followed Eric into Val's room, and they stood and looked at the empty bed.
He glanced around a long moment.
“It's tidy,” he said in a low voice. “Mom didn’t worry about things being tidy.” 
Maria, standing behind them, said, “Yeah, I tidied it up when your mom was in hospital. She wanted some of her favourite things with her.” She gestured to an empty spot on a bookshelf. “She had that photo of you with her, the one of you and her when you’d been on the log flume at the park and you were soaking wet? She looked at it all the time.”
Eric turned away. 
Jack’s chest was so heavy he didn’t think he could stand it. He glanced at his watch. It was nearly five o’clock and although he wasn’t starving, the idea of sitting in a takeaway place or a restaurant held a lot of appeal. 
He said, “Listen, have you got a favourite place around here to grab something—” He stopped. Favourite was probably the worst place to take a child if it was going to just make him think of time he'd spent there with his mother.
Memories of the life he would never have again. 
“There's a new pizza place opened down the road,” Maria said, seeming to realize what Jack was thinking. “You like pizza, Eric?”
“It's his favourite,” Jack said. “You feel like pizza?”
Eric nodded but he mumbled, “I'm not very hungry.”
“Never mind,” Jack told him. “Maybe you'll feel like eating when we get there.”


They went out to the new restaurant, ordered pizza and cola, and the herbs and garlic soon got their appetites going.
Maria and Jack made small talk, but there wasn't a lot they could say when Eric was there. 
I cannot do this, Jack kept thinking, reaffirming the mantra that hadn’t let up. I can not be a father. I can not raise a child.
All the money and childcare in the world wasn’t going to make it happen. I can’t do it.
He closed his eyes, and willingly pictured Robyn as he’d last seen her, imagined what she would do if she were here. Just her being alongside him would have made it all so much easier. Would have eased those niggling fears. 
His eyes snapped open. Man up, Fletcher. You can’t keep looking to Robyn to solve everything.
And why was he still obsessing over it, when he didn't have to do it now because Maria was the perfect one to look after Eric. He watched Maria as she talked to Eric. Maria would do it. She'd raise him. She loved him; she had a son of her own.
His gaze slipped back to Eric and at that moment, Eric looked at him and there was something amidst the sadness, and the grief that made him stop.
Made his heart tug.
Made him realize that there was no doubt. He loved his son. That he liked having him around. Shit.
“Dad,” Eric said suddenly.
It was the first time he'd called him ‘Dad’ since they’d landed. Jack swallowed, barely able to speak. He just nodded.
Eric said, “When can we go home?”
Jack’s heart jolted. He wanted to go back to his mother’s already? He shut his eyes against the sudden, unexpected surge of hopelessness that swept through him. So his son didn’t even want to spend a few minutes at a pizza place with his old man?
“You sure you don’t want some more dinner?” He gestured to the pizza, tried to ignore the solid ache in his chest. 
Eric shook his head, and Jack said, “Okay. Then we’ll go back to your mother’s now.”
Eric looked confused. “No,” he said. “I mean, when can we go home? Back to your house?”
“My house?” Jack repeated slowly. Now it was his turn to be confused.
Eric nodded, just stared at him, his eyes wide, sad. 
“You mean?” Jack swallowed. “You want to go back to my place in Auckland? You want to go back with me?”
Eric nodded. 
Jack was still confused, still unsure. Did Eric want to be with him, Jack, or did he think the twins and Robyn were there? And was he talking about living there, permanently, or just going back for a visit sometime?
He took a bite of his pizza, spent an age chewing. He swallowed, washed it down with cola. “Do you mean you want to live there all the time?” he said cautiously. “Because Robyn and the twins live somewhere else.” He picked off a slice of olive as nerves pounded him. “Do you still want to go when they’re not there?”
He glanced up in time to see Eric's eyes flash with something like panic. “I know they won’t be there but you will be. Won’t you?” His voice suddenly wavered. “Why wouldn’t you be there?”
“Of course, I'll be there.” He leant over and ruffled his hair because it seemed a father to son kind of gesture. Even if his own father had never done it. “Of course I'll be there.”
Impulsively, he leant over, put his arms around Eric in a hug, a brief hug. Squeezed then pulled away.
Eric glanced around him, as if Jack hugging him was the most natural thing in the world. “I need to use the restroom.”
Jack looked around for the sign, and was about to get up, when Eric said, “I see it,” and ran off.
Jack looked back to see Maria smiling. 
The knowing look in her eyes grated him. “What?” he said.
“You,” she grinned. “You're doing good, Jack.”
For a second, he felt it. Felt that just now something had happened.
But random moments did not make a man a parent. The reality was daunting.
He held up his hand and counted down his fingers. “I've never had a child. I'm devoted to my business. I come from a family of failure. I'm selfish. I’m a single man. I have no idea what the heck I'm doing.”
Maria held up one finger. “Eric lost his mother and wants to live with you.”
“I hired a nanny and her kids and they made it what it was. My home is a mausoleum.”
She held up one more finger. “You had a problem and you found a solution. Jack, you're no dummy. You'll figure it out. You'll find the people to help you figure it out.”
Jack shut his eyes on a prayer as he realized what he had to do.
He was taking Eric home.
He was going to be a full-time dad. Not a part-time one, half a world way, who texted and emailed and sent birthday cards. He was going to be a twenty-four-seven dad.
“Maria, will you do me one favour? Promise me you'll be my back up.”
He felt Maria's hand on his and opened his eyes to find her watching him with compassion — and amusement. “I’m Eric’s godmother. Of course I’ll be your back up. But Jack? You're not going to need me.”


Back home, Eric sorted through the items he wanted to keep, and Maria and Jack sorted through the rest they thought he might like in the future, and boxed them. Jack arranged for them to be shipped home to Auckland. Eric’s life packed and packaged up.
It wasn't a lot but then, Val and Eric had moved constantly in his short life. She'd only been at the current apartment less than four months; Eric's attachment to it was strong only in his memories of his mother and his belongings. 
He was taking both with him.
On the plane Eric soon fell asleep, and Jack was grateful as it gave him time to think. Although, he thought wryly, they were going to be stuck in the air for a day. There was a lot of time to think.
He'd made contingencies. Told Eric that if he didn't like it in Auckland after all, he had a home in Toronto with Maria. Regardless, they’d travel back regularly to keep in touch with Maria and her children and, of course, to visit Val’s grave. 
He declined when the flight attendant asked if he’d like another drink. Leaning back, he closed his eyes.
Straightaway, he thought of Robyn.
It was too easy to wonder if she thought about him. 
He’d managed to force his feelings about her to the back of his mind these past few days but now they were in a plane edging closer and closer to New Zealand, those thoughts were coming back with a vengeance.
Tormenting and teasing. Making him ache for something he didn’t have. Making him only too aware that there was now a gap in his life he hadn’t a clue how to fill.
He wanted her with him. He wanted her in his bed; he wanted her by his side when he went out to a function. Not serving him a meal or carrying trays of empty wine bottles. 
The longing was like a persistent ache in his heart.
He wanted her with him in a way he’d never thought he could ever want a woman before. He loved her, but there was something more.
What? What was it? What was it about Robyn that had made him so crazy when he’d had his choice of women who would have sold their souls to be seen on his arm?
An announcement suddenly came over the intercom, and his eyes snapped open as they were told the plane might encounter some turbulence. Passengers were advised to fasten their seatbelts.
Eric mumbled and a passing attendant leant over Jack to connect Eric’s belt.
Eric opened his eyes, alarm flashing across his face and the attendant said softly, “It’s nothing to worry about.”
Her scent wafted in Jack’s face, not unpleasant.
But not Robyn.
“You’re perfectly safe, young man,” she said and she smiled that “I’m available” smile at Jack, and repeated, “We’re perfectly safe.”
She moved on to the next first class passenger and Jack froze in his seat — as though he’d just been given the answer to the secret of life.
And he had. The secret to his life.
He took a deep breath and gripped the arm rests even tighter as a flood of emotions, so many emotions, poured through him, and as he faced the truth he hadn’t realized until right this minute.
Yeah, he loved Robyn. But it was more than that.
She made him feel safe.
Really safe.
All his life he had never felt safe — safe from his father’s verbal and physical abuse, safe from those demons that haunted him all the way through his adult life. 
But Robyn Taylor? She made him feel safe.
Safe and secure and so completely sure of himself.
She made him want to tell her his dreams, to pour out his heart, to tell her everything about himself, things he had never told another living soul, and all the while knowing it was safe for him to do so.
She knew more about him than any other person on the planet, and she had never judged him, or condemned him.
It was as simple as the one simple truth he’d been unable to identify: he trusted her completely.
The plane rocked a little.
Eric glanced abruptly up and Jack reached out for his small hand. “It’s okay, it’s only turbulence, nothing is going to happen up here. We’re safe buddy.”
He squeezed his hand for reassurance, his mind in turmoil, as he reassured his son, “Like the flight attendant told you, we’re safe.”


CHAPTER NINETEEN


Robyn missed Jack. She wasn’t sure what she missed about him the most. His smile, his laughter, the way he looked at her and said with his eyes he wanted her. The way he made her feel protected. The way just being close to him sent shivers down her spine. 
The twins missed him, too.
How was it possible that a few weeks had changed their lives like this? It had taken months to fall in love with Edwin, to be seduced by Edwin. With Jack? Weeks. Mere weeks, and it had been hard and fast.
She was losing sleep over him now. That was bad. And an odd numbness seemed to settle over her at times with no warning.
Love sickness, which was just pathetic. Even more because she had fallen in love with a man who considered himself unworthy of being loved in the deepest sense.
She blinked her blurry eyes and stared at the map in her hand, the floor plan that had arrived in the mail telling her just where she would be placed in the exhibition hall of the show grounds. In two weeks it was happening and she was ready for it. 
James and Ruby - Fashion for Kids. Booth 118.
It was really going to happen.
The press kit was at the printers right now. The website was ready to go live, and she was so happy with the artwork, she couldn’t stop staring at it. At the last minute the designer had come up with the logo; the names ‘James and Ruby’ on an image of a rumpled pink blanket with shades of navy and baby blue slashed across. It was simply gorgeous and she knew she owed Jack. Because of him, she had the money to pay for it.
She looked around at the chaos in her house. She'd called the function centre to say she was available again, and she’d been rostered on for a function tomorrow night. Harriet had arrived back from her school trip and claimed she worked better away from her house, so was happy to come over and babysit.
Besides, babysitting gave her stability, she’d confided in Robyn, because Sage and Ethan were sort of going on a date, and there wasn’t a good deal of stability about it. Sage was not at all happy about the Hummer and had insisted that when they went out they were to meet in town at a designated point. Ethan had said the same about her van, that he wouldn’t be seen dead in it, but even so, there was something between those two that made Harriet and Robyn think it could really work.
It would be nice to know romance wasn’t dead after all.
A knock sounded at the front door and Robyn hesitated. It would be someone from a power company, wanting her to change plans. She’d had two calls this week already.
She went to open the door, a “thanks but no thanks” on her lips.
She swung it open to see Jack standing on the front porch with Eric at his side. 
He was back.
The shock momentarily blindsided her.
He was really here.
His eyebrows arched in an amused way that made her want to just throw herself at him and kiss him senseless.
But anything could have happened in a week.
Finding her breath, she said calmly, “Jack. Hi.” 
His mouth widened. “Robyn. Hi.”
That smile. The feelings were even more powerful, so much so she felt giddy and nervous and for a moment it was like she’d just been cast adrift with no clue what direction to take.
She focused on Eric like a lifeline, and bending down, she hugged him. It might have been too tight judging from the grunt he gave. “It is so good to see you, Eric,” she murmured. “I really have missed you.” She let go of him. He looked okay. Tired, but who wouldn’t be after a flight like that.
She straightened slowly, her heart pounding fast. Too fast.
Why was Eric here? Had Maria changed her mind; had Jack changed his?
“Can I see Ruby and James?” Eric asked, trying to peer past her.
“Sorry, Eric, but they’re just down the road at a birthday party.” She stood back from him, back from Jack. “But they should be home soon.”
“Can we talk?” Jack said in a low voice.
“Sure.” Robyn glanced back down at Eric and gestured to the coffee table and the stacks of picture books piled haphazardly across it. “We went to the library this morning, Eric, so come and have a look at the books. I’m pretty sure Jamie chose a few about trucks you might like.”
Eric went over, and began to rifle through the pile, and Jack said, “You are inviting me in, too? Aren’t you?”
His voice sounded like heaven. Her pulse skittered as she thought, this is the man you love. “Of course, I am. It’s so good to see you.” 
He walked past, the scent of him surrounding her, and he said without hesitation as he stopped, “I’ve missed you. Really missed you.”
He held his hands out to her, and she took them. “You have got no idea how much I’ve missed you, too.”
He’d been gone a week and it had felt like forever.
He murmured, “I am so glad to be back home. So glad to see your face again.”
He just seemed to be looking at her, as if taking the sight of her in, and her breath nearly caught in her throat. “Then Jack,” she whispered, because she was finding it hard to speak, “maybe you should—you know.”
“I should ‘you know’ what?”
“You should show me.” 
Without words, he pulled her into his arms, bent his face to hers and kissed her. Deeply, thoroughly. Intoxicatingly.
A sigh escaped against the exquisite pressure of his mouth. It felt right. The smell of him, the taste, even the feel of his body beneath that leather jacket, the protectiveness of him. It all felt so right.
She murmured against his lips, “When did you fly in?” 
He pulled back a fraction, his arms still around her, holding her. “This morning. All I could think about was coming to see you. I thought about you far too much on the plane.”
She spread her hands over the broad expanse of his chest. It amazed her how much of him she could feel through the layers. “And what were you thinking about exactly, when you were on that plane?”
“Things. A lot of things.” He looked across at Eric who had a book open over his knees and was engrossed in the pages. “Eric is going to live with me. He wanted to come back to Auckland, and Maria agreed.”
Relief welled up inside her. “So you changed your mind, huh?”
“Yep.” His mouth curved into a smile. “Turns out it was easy. There were a lot of reasons, but it was the right decision to make and it’s what Eric wanted in the end. I won’t say I don’t have doubts.”
“You wouldn’t be human.”
He reached for her hands, squeezed them. “Then I am incredibly human. And the more I think about it, the more doubts I can come up with. But I will give it my best shot. I owe it to Val, and I owe it to Eric.”
He owed it to himself, too. It had seemed so obvious to everyone else that he could do this, that he could be a father.
He gripped her hands a little firmer. “The last few weeks have been the most unforgettable of my life.” His eyes shadowed a moment. “I’ve had to do things I never would have wished upon anyone.”
He gave a smile, but there was the hint of apprehension in that smile. “I've had time to think. Time to try and figure it all out. Time to realize that—” His gaze settled on her intensely.
She swallowed. “Time to realize what?”
“Time to realize what I hadn’t figured out before.” He hesitated a second. “Robyn, I had time to figure out — that I am in love with you.” He said it so matter-of-factly it took a moment for the words to make sense. 
She mentally shook her head but the words were still there. He loved her. Was in love with her.
In her chest, joy bubbled. Pinged and bubbled and it was all she could do not to grin like an idiot or even worse, break into tears. She blinked away the beginning of one.
He said, “I want us to be together, you and me. I want this whole family to be together. And I want to do this properly because it’s the only time I plan on doing this. Ever.” He held her hands against his chest — close to his heart.
“There’s only one way to say it.”
Her heart pounded so fast she could barely breathe.
He said, “Beautiful, brilliant, wonderful, amazing Robyn Taylor? Will you marry me?”
For a long moment the most incredible feeling of elation swept over her, filling her so completely, as she stared into Jack’s eyes. The only time she’d felt anything like this, had been when her twins, her new-born babies, had been placed in her arms, those tiny, securely wrapped up little people, her little people, and all the pain and the anxiety and the exhaustion and the fear, it had all faded away as she stared at their faces and felt something almost out-of-this-world, a feeling she had never known before.
It was that. Like a dream that had just come true, the dream of her and Jack, the twins and Eric. A family. 
Except she hadn’t really even dared to dream. Although she’d fantasized.
Eric suddenly laughed, and her gaze slipped back to him.
Suddenly, that joy in her chest began to erode. Was that the reason Jack wanted her? To be a mother to Eric because Jack’s lack of faith in himself was still there, still burning holes in his own belief?
She inhaled long and deep against the now nervous beating of her heart.
“Are you saying,” she said cautiously, “that you want me to be a mother to Eric?”
His eyebrows drew together. “That comes with it, yes.”
Comes with it? Or is the main reason. She let a few seconds pass as doubt began to rise up in her. Hadn’t he said that exact thing when he’d left for the airport last week? Eric needed a mother.
At the time he’d meant Maria.
She squeezed her eyes shut as reality began to burn a hole in her happiness. This wasn’t how she ever saw this happening in those fantasies.
She opened her eyes, looked straight into his.
Slowly, she shook her head.
His forehead creased in a frown.
She said, thickly, “My answer has to be no.”
A voice of caution warned that she couldn’t possibly have given this enough thought. But what was to think?
Jack blinked. Looked as if he had never anticipated this.
She said, “I see why you want to do this. Why you want us to get married, and be a family. But I can't.”
“You can't what?”
“I can’t be a permanent nanny.”
He squeezed her hands in his again, but suddenly the warmth in them failed to seep through. “I'm not asking you to be a nanny.”
“Yes. You are.”
“I'm asking you to be my wife.”
“You need someone to be a mother to Eric,” she reminded him. 
His eyebrows drew together so tight they almost touched. “No. Get that thought out of your mind. I’m not saying that.”
“You just said—”
“Because we’d be a family. Robyn, I don’t want to marry you so that you’re just a live-in caregiver to Eric.”
She clutched those words, but the reality of his situation was staring her right in the face. 
He needed her but it wasn’t really her. It was what she was. A woman. A mother. That’s what she’d been in the beginning. The woman to look after his son. It just so happened their feelings for one another had changed, but it didn’t change what he wanted her for.
“Robyn, this is completely different to when you and the twins first came over.”
In many ways it was different, of course it was. But not different enough and he didn’t see it. Or didn’t want to see it. 
Yet she saw that at the very heart of it, he was running scared. He’d made the decision to raise Eric and he was panicking. From day one he had never had faith in his ability to do that, and despite all that had gone on in their lives, that, apparently, hadn’t changed.
“It’s happened fast, this thing with us.” He gave a lazy grin and she almost groaned at the look on his face, a look that made her just want to fall into his arms and never, ever leave. “But the truth is simple. I have fallen for you. Fallen so hard, I love you.”
She wanted to believe it was her he wanted. Not just another adult to be on tap.
But how could she know for sure? She didn’t need another failed relationship, didn’t need to lose that independence she’d spent the past few years gaining. 
“If I marry again, I want—” She breathed in deep, tried to think what it was she wanted because she had only focused on what she didn’t want.
So what did she want? 
Marriage had never been part of her thinking because for the most part they were doing fine, her and the twins. 
Eric came over then, and Jack’s arm went around him. There was a casualness to it that surprised her. She’d seen that affection when Val had died, when Jack had told him the news and Eric had turned to Jack.
But the ease of it now? It was new.
Her heart skipped several beats. Which just went to prove that he didn’t need her at all. He thought he did but he didn’t. How long would a marriage last once she was no longer useful to him?
“I’ve gone about this the wrong way,” he said.
She shook her head. “Jack, I know what you want. And I don’t think it really is me.”
“It’s you, Robyn. Please don’t doubt that.” He reached out to touch her lips and she wished with all her heart, that his lips would follow, and she could believe him. “So what do you want? Because it sounds like you’re saying you don’t want me when your eyes are telling me no such thing.”
Her heart jolted in a way that was frighteningly too familiar. “I find you attractive.” It was such a lame word when she felt so much more. She added, “I always have.”
“Yet a marriage proposal, from someone who loves you, isn’t enough?”
That was the crux. She didn’t believe he did love her. How could he, when she wasn’t sure he even knew what love was, when maybe he was confusing his need for her with love.
Silence drew out between them, awkward and heartbreakingly painful.
“Can we—” She stopped herself short. Be friends. See each other.
Of course not. How could she be around him with these feelings? She needed to be away from him, to give the feelings time to die down and vanish, and she would do it. She’d lost her feelings for Edwin remarkably quickly. 
She could do it with Jack.
Her insides felt as if they were seizing up. Did she honestly know what she was doing?
He looked at her, a look that nearly broke her heart. He turned to Eric. “Come on, Eric.”
“Can we get pizza?” Eric asked. 
“Yeah.” Jack’s voice was low. “We’ll take some home with us.”
Robyn watched, dazed, as they walked to the door; Eric glanced back at her, confused.
She loved that boy. She’d have loved him as if he were her own, but it wasn’t about him, or Ruby and James. It was about her. Her ability to trust, after a marriage that had left her confused and unconfident. About her ability to believe that Jack did love her. Her ability to be the woman she desperately wanted to be.  
To prove to Kelly, her parents, and even Edwin that she wasn’t the failure they thought she was.
Had they ever said she was a failure?
Jack was looking at her but her mind stumbled on that question. 
Who had ever told her she was a failure? The unsettling thought began to swirl around her.
“Thanks for seeing me,” he ground out.
An ache began in her heart, an ache that grew.
Jack stepped out the door with Eric and he didn’t, not even for a second, look back.



CHAPTER TWENTY


Jack finished off his burger as he watched Eric race around the playground in the restaurant. Takeaways were getting to be a habit, which did not impress Mrs Parker at all. Pizza when they’d left Robyn’s yesterday and today hamburgers. Eric seemed to be okay for the overindulgence of junk food, and had joined in with a group of other boys about his age. At least he didn’t seem to have a problem making friends. Maybe that was something to do with being an only child and moving around the way Val had. He couldn’t rely on much in the way of stability and he’d learnt to make his own fun because he had no choice. Jack took a few fries and dipped them in the tomato sauce. On the plus side, school holidays had started today so he had two weeks to get his son’s life sorted before the new term. 
“Dad’s day out?” a female voice next to him said. 
He glanced across at the woman nursing a baby in her arms. She was in her thirties and looked frazzled.
“Something like that,” he admitted. He screwed up his wrapper, and she said, “I’m sorry, you look vaguely familiar. Are you from around here? Do your kids go to the local school?”
“No. I’ve got just one child, my son, Eric.” He was still getting used to saying that, knowing that it was the reality, that it was no longer a short term thing. He pointed Eric out, and added, “He’s just moved here to live with me, so I haven’t figured out the schools yet.” He held out his hand. “I’m Jack.”
If she recognized him, her eyes didn’t show it. She shook his hand. “Amanda.” She paused. “I recommend all the schools around here. A lot of families go private but honestly, the local primary schools are great.”
A recommendation was good since he was doing this blind and while he could afford to send Eric to the best private school in the country, he didn’t want that. Normal was what his son needed. “I’m meeting with the principal of one of them this week and so far, I think it will suit Eric just fine.” He named the school. The after class programme had been a selling point, too.
“That is a fantastic choice.” Amanda’s baby began to fret and she jiggled him. “My husband Jeff is on the board of trustees there, so if you want to know anything, his email is on the school website. Feel free to drop him a line.”
He nodded his appreciation. “I might do that. Thanks, Amanda.”
She smiled and turned away when she suddenly faltered. Her gaze zeroed in behind Jack and her mouth dropped wide open. 
Ethan was striding between the tables and he gave a visible shudder as he approached. People stared. It never ceased to amuse Jack how a few more inches in height and on his shoulders made him stand out. 
“What the hell is this?” he muttered under his breath.
Jack shrugged. “This is my new life.”
“New life.” Ethan sank down on to the seat and leant back with exhaustion. “You and me both. It’s doing my head in.” He shivered. “So where’s Eric?”
Jack beckoned to Eric as he waved.
Ethan nodded. “He looks okay.”
Ethan hungrily grabbed what was left of Jack’s fries. “So she turned you down, huh?”
Jack nodded. The heaviness was there. Grim and ready to pounce. 
“I don’t know what else you expected,” Ethan remarked. “You come back with your boy and lay that on her. Hell, I’d turn you down, too.” He reached over for Jack’s drink, pulled off the plastic lid and gulped down the lot.
“You want another one of these?” He glanced back to the counter. “I’m going up to order. I’m starving.”
“Grab one for Eric, would you? He looks like he’ll need one soon with all that running around.”
“Done.” Ethan strode over to the counter, pulling his wallet out of his back pocket as he gave his order. 
Jack pulled out his phone, his thumb hovering over Robyn’s number.
Ethan was right, of course. He’d gone about it all wrong; had figured just because he needed her, that she would want him.
He glanced over at Eric. To an extent taking Eric had been about helping Robyn make up her mind, that her seeing Eric, knowing he was having to learn life all over again without his mother, would swing it. She might not love Jack completely for himself but the kids were the trump card.
It had backfired monumentally.
Had he wanted her because he’d got used to there being people and things and stuff in the house?
No. If it was just that, he’d throw a few pink stuffed toys around.
He wanted her because he loved her. Everything about her. He just had to find a way to make her believe he wanted her.
Had to figure out a way to show her because he missed her like he’d never missed anyone in his life. 
Have faith in yourself, Jack Fletcher. You don’t need your wealth or your son or anything else. All you need is to make her believe in you.
Ethan slid into the seat, and ripped the foil wrapping from his burger and pushed a large soda towards Jack.
“I can’t stay long. Got a date with Sage later tonight.” He chomped into the burger and groaned with pleasure. “We’re going out for dinner.”
Jack stared at the huge burger and giant fries. “Sounds civilized.”
“There is nothing civilized about it. The place is vegan.” He spat the word out. 
Jack did a double take. “How did she manage to get you to agree to that?”
“It’s called compromise, my friend.” Ethan grinned as he reached for his drink, and a fierce light gleamed in his eyes. “We’re going in the Hummer.”


The function had dragged miserably and by the time her colleague had dropped her home, Robyn’s feet were aching.
She had worked hard all night, but her mind hadn’t been on the job. As she’d cleared tables and washed wine flutes, her mind had been on Jack. 
And her own stupidity.
Because if anyone was accusing her of being a failure, it was her. She was the one.
Yes, her parents had moved overseas to be with Kelly. And could she blame them wanting a better climate for their retirement years? Yes, Kelly had said she thought she was crazy starting up her fashion business, but then, Kelly had never shied away from giving an unwanted opinion. 
But even then, why did she let her older sister’s opinion matter so much anyway, and wasn’t Robyn being crazy starting this business? She had little behind her to make anyone think this could work except her own dreams and determination. 
Her parents had never said blatantly they thought she was a failure. Unlike Jack’s folks who had told him over and over and over again.
Yes, her parents were disappointed. 
She shoved her hands despondently in her coat pockets as she walked up the drive to her house. Well, sheesh, if it was Ruby, wouldn’t she be absolutely gutted for Ruby that her dream had gone up in smoke?
Robyn closed her eyes at the surge of grief that ripped through her. It happened all the time, the grief. It sat on her and inside her and it was there like a nightmare she’d never escape from. 
And to top it off, the whole night had been one monumental reminder of Jack. The meal had been identical to the one on the menu at the charity auction, and there had been familiar faces from that night as well. Every time she walked through the hall, she zeroed in on the table where Jack had sat.
She loved him. She wanted to be with him.
He had offered her that chance.
He had said he loved her and she had thought he was just saying it because of Eric. And maybe he was.
Could she live with that?
She set the key in the lock and turned it.
Was she brave enough to take that chance? To take that risk?
She pushed open the door, and stepped inside.
Her heart began to slow right down, as she saw Jack on the couch. 
She was clearly delusional now, as well. Well, just great. Just flipping great.
She blinked to clear her vision.
Jack was still there. Still on her couch.
He checked his watch. “I think you’re late.”
“What—” She almost stumbled as she closed the door behind her.
She half expected him to get up but instead, his gaze stayed on her. He leant further back, and clasped his hands casually behind his head.
This had to be a dream. She’d just been thinking about him. Moping over him like a lovesick teen. Clearly, she was seeing things.
She bent down, untied her laces, and slipped off her shoes. The relief was bliss, even though twinges of pain shot through her feet. The night had not only been long but they’d been short staffed and her feet had taken a real battering.
She glanced warily up. No. No dream.
Jack was still there in his T-shirt and jeans, and that flat stomach and all those muscles on that tall physique. This is so not a dream. 
“I—Where’s Harry?”
He beckoned down the hall and she realized there were muted voices. He said, “She’s in the twin’s room. Eric, too.”
It had gone midnight. “Are they all awake?”
“They are.” He stood up, and walked towards her. “Harriet squealed. Or maybe it was a scream. Whatever it was, it woke them up.”
“Why did she scream?”
He stopped in front of her but he was taking up her space, taking up the oxygen, making it hard for her to breathe. 
It was as if he was touching her, but his hands were in his trouser pockets. “She screamed because I told her I wasn’t leaving here until I had you promise me that you would at least think about marrying me because I love you.” His voice lowered, his eyes glittered. “And because you love me.”
Her throat had gone painfully dry. Was he really giving her a second chance? She hadn’t blown it and he was asking her again? “You told Harry that?” 
“Yep,” he said. “Told her you’d turned me down once already, and Harry said, “She didn’t,” and I assured her that in fact you had. And it was about then she screamed.”
The door suddenly opened and Harriet thrust her head out. Her eyes widened at Robyn and she said in a loud whisper, “I thought I heard voices.”
She gave an exuberant thumbs up to no one in particular and the door shut. 
A smile, a wicked smile, curled Jack’s mouth but there was still the hint of nerves there, still an edge that said he wasn’t sure what she was going to say. 
Silence sat between them, heavy and charged and so thick, she could almost touch it.
“So.” She cleared her throat, suddenly nervous.
“So,” he repeated.
She was convinced he could hear the thumping of her heart. “I guess you don’t take no for an answer.”
“No,” he agreed. “I guess I don’t.”
She swallowed down hard. “Well, it’s pretty obvious I made a pretty big mistake last night. Saying no.”
He didn’t utter a word but there was a flicker across his eyes. Relief?
“A big mistake,” she repeated.
His eyebrows arched but still he said nothing as seconds passed. He hadn’t asked her the big question again, either. No “will you marry me?” which meant only one thing.
“You are deliberately making this hard on me,” she accused.
“Possibly. But then I’ve been wounded by rejection. It takes time to bounce back from something like that.” He said it lightly but she saw that deep down, it had hurt him. It had really hurt him and that knowledge left her stunned. It honestly hadn’t occurred to her, because she’d thought it had been a purely practical proposal. Not one from the heart.
“So what do you want me to do? Declare my undying love for you, say that I’ll marry you till-death-us-do-part?”
He said, “You could. But I think the till-death-us-do-part thing is the wedding, not the engagement. And I’m not even sure they say that these days.”
“I’d say it,” she blurted.
He inhaled deeply. “Which part?”
“All of it. The ‘love you to my dying day’ and ‘death us do part,’ I’d say all of it.”
His gaze was non-committal. “Before we go any further, I need to clarify for my own peace of mind. Are you telling me—”
“Oh for goodness sake.” She reached up to him, put her palms either side of his face, stood on tiptoes, and she kissed him.
She kissed him long and deep and he kissed her back, as that feeling, that sense of peace, poured through her.
No. Love.
“So what changed your mind?” he asked, his lips still against her mouth.
She pulled back a fraction. “Just...thinking.”
He held her even closer, kissed her again, and she murmured, “I needed to think. To know that it wasn’t that you wanted me to be a nanny to Eric, that you wanted me — for me.” She breathed in deep. “I was hung up on my folks and Edwin but it was me who felt like I’d failed everyone. It was all just something within me that was wrong.”
Thinking that way for so many years — why had she thought that?
“I know Edwin’s attitude never helped, and my sister can be very cutting, but all this time I’ve taken their criticisms so personally and I didn’t think I’d ever been good enough. Which was crazy because you’re the one with the father who told you to your face what he thought and I never had that kind of roughness.” She shook her head at her own sensitivity. “I’ve been a self-obsessed idiot.”
“No. You have been a woman determined to do everything and prove to the world who you are, and it’s that independence that I like — that I love — about you.”
There was a smile on his face, and he said, “You should know I figured I’d have to work to get you to change your mind so I devised a plan.”
“What was this plan?”
He took her hand then, and led her to the couch. “Sit.”
Maybe he was going to seduce her, maybe that was the plan? But surely not right here with the children just down the hall. “Is this going to be x-rated?”
His eyebrows arched. “It could be.”
She gestured to the bedrooms. “Because, you know, children and an impressionable teenager.”
He grinned. “When we get married,” he said as he went out to her kitchen, “we are going on a honeymoon.” He ran water into the sink and clattered what sounded like pans, and what sounded very un-romantic. “Wherever you want to go. Anywhere in the world. Just the two of us, the honeymoon suite in every single hotel, room service and champagne. While we are on this honeymoon, Harriet and Sage are going to come over and stay at the house and watch our children.”
“It impresses me you’ve arranged the honeymoon before I’ve even agreed to marry you.”
“I like to be prepared.”
He came over carrying a bowl of water, and a towel slung over one arm. He set the bowl on the ground and she sniffed. Fragrance rose up, a divine fragrance, the kind she smelt when she walked by the soap shops in town.
He knelt in front of her, and lifted her feet on to his thighs. 
Then it hit her.
“Jack?” Anticipation began to build and she said in disbelief, “I don’t believe you’re doing this.”
“Before I begin, is there any foot odour problem I should know about? Just so I’m prepared.”
“You really want me to answer that?”
“I had to ask,” he grinned.
“The answer is, no.”
Slowly, he unpeeled a sock and slid it off her foot, then did the same to the other. Carefully he put both her feet in the warm scented water, cupped her heels in his hands and began, slowly and firmly, to rub them. 
She shivered, managed to breathe, “Oh. My. Gosh.” She closed her eyes and fell back against the couch with a low moan. Aches and twinges were being eased away with each touch and she nearly stopped breathing.
“It’s magic,” she said thickly as his fingers and thumbs moved over her feet, her heels, her toes, the aching balls of her feet, easing away the night’s discomfort. “It is so good.” 
“I can tell,” he mused. “It’s very sexy.”
She could barely speak. She’d never had her feet rubbed, not even by Edwin. One woman at work was the envy of her colleagues because her husband would rub her feet when she got home from work each night, but most ended up sticking their feet in a bowl of water with bath salts and it wasn’t the same thing.
She swallowed down hard as the fragrance wafted to her. “It smells so nice.”
“Harriet borrowed something from Sage,” he murmured as he massaged away all the aches of the night. “You have the sexiest feet.”
She bit down on her lip as he pressed along her insteps, then all over again, and it was magic. The twinges of pain had vanished. 
He put the towel across his thighs, and lifted her feet out of the water and she pleaded, “Do you have to stop?”
“Yes. I do.”
He placed her feet on the towel, and patting them dry, he beckoned. 
Ruby, James and Eric stood in the hallway watching them anxiously. Harriet stood behind them.
“Is Jack going to be our boyfriend?” Ruby suddenly called out.
Harriet guiltily shooshed her as Jack moved the bowl out of the way, stood and pulled Robyn up and into his arms.
His eyebrows were arched in amusement and question, and she slung her arms around his neck. His dark eyes shone. There was love, contentment, and peace, and it was all for her.
She grinned and with her gaze not leaving him, lifted her lips to his and said, “Oh, yes, Ruby. He is.”


THE END
Thank you for reading this story, and I hope you enjoyed Falling for Jack. If you did, please consider leaving a review or rating at the site where your purchased this, or goodreads. If you’d like to know more about Sage and Ethan, you can follow their story in the second book in the City of Sails series, All About Sage. Visit the books page on my website for more information on where to buy, and read on for an excerpt, below.
Like my Facebook page: http://www.facebook.com/joannehillauthor
And finally, sign up for my newsletter here to keep up to date with new releases and book offers, and you’ll get a free copy of my short story collection of five short romantic reads, Love The Commute.


ALL ABOUT SAGE (City of Sails 2)
EXCERPT FROM THE PROLOGUE

The Fletcher–Taylor wedding, possibly Auckland’s society wedding of the year, was held in the grounds of one of the city’s most exquisite private residences, overlooking the Waitemata Harbour in the eastern suburbs.
Tears slid down the cheeks of Sage Lockwood, bridesmaid slash matron-of-honour slash best-friend-of-the-bride, as Robyn Taylor said ‘I do’ to Jack Fletcher. Jack took Robyn in his arms as the minister pronounced them husband and wife, and Sage blinked hard. Something stabbed her bluntly in the chest as everyone cheered and clapped. In a few minutes they’d sign the register. For now, Sage took a moment, moved away from them, and took a deep breath.
“So you cry at weddings, huh?” a voice said next to her.
Sage stiffened, took a different kind of deep breath, and lifted her chin. “No. I don’t actually.” Good lord, the man smelt amazing, and looked amazing, too. As Jack’s best man, Ethan McGraw was taller and bigger and even more enigmatic. And that aftershave? No doubt a dab of the stuff cost enough to feed an impoverished family for a month.
Just the kind of man you’d rather not know. 
Sage watched out of the corner of her eye as he moved around to face her. He stared, and she stared back. She could handle him. She organised protests, waved placards at top officials, had stood on the steps of parliament and demanded an overhaul of the Resource Management Act. 
Justice was her middle name. She knew how to handle rich jerks like Ethan.
His hand suddenly went to her chin, and cupped it. “You’re a liar,” he remarked bluntly.
She shook his hand away in disgust, even as she felt the touch of it still there. He had such big hands. No doubt they could do a lot of damage which, she suspected, they once had. He was ex-military. He looked capable of violence, even though she’d never seen any sign of it.
“Just because,” she said, “I have a tear in my eye, it does not mean I cry at weddings. It means I’m happy for Robyn and Jack. I’m happy for the children.” Her gaze slipped willingly over to the children, to Jack’s eight-year-old son Eric, and Robyn’s twins, five-year-old James and Ruby.
Ethan looked disbelievingly at her, and then followed her gaze. 
“Yeah,” he said finally. “If I was the type who wept at the drop of a hat, I’d be joining you. Jack deserves a woman like Robyn. She’s terrific.”
A strange surge of jealously went up Sage’s spine and she tamped it down. “Agreed,” she said. “And Robyn deserves a man like Jack. I bet he’s a terrific lover.”
As soon as she said it, as soon as she saw the expression on Ethan’s face, she wished the ground beneath her would open up, pull her in, and never let her out. What the hell were you thinking?
Ethan turned slowly, a mix of shock and amusement on his lean, tanned, entirely too-handsome face.
“You have a thing for Jack?”
Sage froze. The last thing she needed was for Ethan to think she had any ‘thing’ for anyone.
“He’s an attractive man. It’s an observation,” she qualified. “I mean, his ex-girlfriend was voted the sexiest woman in New Zealand the year before last, wasn’t she?”
Ethan’s face rapidly darkened and Sage mentally patted herself on the back. Smart move. Get Mr Macho’s mind off her ridiculous comment and on to Charlotte, Jack’s former girlfriend; the one who had left Jack and run off with ex–All Black, Brad Randell. Brad, Ethan and Jack had been friends before that. Ironically, Jack had forgiven Brad, but Ethan appeared to be having trouble.
Note to self. Is not the forgiving type. 
“Hey, Ma.” Sage turned as her daughter Harriet came over, a smile on her face. She held up a bouquet. “I caught it.”
They’d thrown the bouquet already? Sage turned to where Jack stood, his arm around Robyn as people snapped photographs. Eric and the twins were in adorable outfits – designed, of course, by Robyn for her new James and Ruby fashion label. Society photographers were taking pictures. Robyn had decreed that all publicity – within reason – was good publicity, and as long as there were photographs of the clothes, she had no problem. 
“I think Robyn was going to throw it to you,” Harriet said, “but you were busy. Hey, Mr McGraw.”
“Call me Ethan,” he said. There was a knowing look on his face and, call Sage paranoid, but she was sure it was aimed at her. “So your mother was keen on catching that bouquet for herself, huh?”
“No,” Sage retorted. “I was not.”
“So what’s the story, then?” Finally, he looked at her. “You were planning to catch it for a friend?”
Sage clenched her fists and Harriet said, “She didn’t want to catch it at all, and she is never getting married again. Robyn wanted her to get it, but...” She brought the exquisitely arranged white and pink roses to her nose. “I got it. So I guess, mother, if there’s going to be a wedding around here, it’ll be mine.”
“Are you dating?” Ethan inquired.
Harriet sighed. “No. But maybe I will be now. Maybe Mr Right has got a thing for me and I don’t even know it.”
“You’re only seventeen,” Sage reminded her. 
“And you were pregnant with me when you were nineteen,” Harriet reminded her back.
She felt Ethan look at her with interest. He had no doubt done the maths.
Not to worry. She didn’t look older, she didn’t look younger.
She tossed her blonde hair back and instantly regretted it. She was turning into a bimbo. “I better go and see the happy couple.”
“I’ll come with you,” Ethan said. 
“You don’t have to do that.” Panic rose in Sage’s chest. Good grief. If he stayed physically close to her for much longer, she might do something stupid.
Like sniff him. Or kiss him.
There’d already been that one ‘moment’ months ago, and the memory still haunted her. 
“I’m best man.” Ethan shook his head. “It’s my duty to see if Jack needs me for anything. I have a responsibility.”
“As do I,” Sage said, though for the life of her she couldn’t remember what these supposed responsibilities were.
“Shall we?” He held out his elbow in an entirely old-fashioned way. 
She stared at it, debated whether to risk taking it. 
“Oh, for the love of...” He moved away. “You can take your time, but I have a best friend who just got hitched and I want to say congratulations. But you?” He waved his arm around in the general direction of the guests. “You just do your own thing.”
He stalked off, and Sage shivered.
“Mother.” Harriet snorted disapprovingly. “Why don’t you go with him?”
“What do you mean, go with him?”
Harriet blinked. “You know. Go and say ‘hi’ to Jack and Robyn and be a proper bridesmaid.”
How did one explain to one’s own daughter that the man she had been partnered with made her feel more alive than she had in a long time?
She thought of Barry. She’d dated him for six months on and off. He was tall and skinny with long hair he wore in a man-bun. He rode a bicycle and took public transport, was vegan, played the piano accordion and wrote impassioned blog posts on endangered species and climate change. 
Ethan had military cut hair, owned both a gas guzzling truck and a huge motorbike, filled out muscle tees to perfection and ate inappropriate amounts of meat. If he was musical, it was probably cranking up Metallica.
He was also the most anti-everything-she-stood-for man she had ever met.
“I’m going,” she told Harriet.
She glanced at Ethan. His arms were around Robyn. Robyn’s arms were around him. Maybe he liked Robyn. Really liked her.
“Then go,” Harriet ordered. “Anyone would think I was the mother and you were the daughter.”
Sage sighed as she made the trek back to where her best friend stood, glowingly happy. Sometimes she wondered if there hadn’t been some bizarre, cosmic shift and in fact, Harriet was quite right.
Nothing, she thought, as Ethan turned to her, his gaze unsettling and direct, would surprise her. (end)

Check out my books page, go here.
