

Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2014 Sonya Renee Bernard
All Rights Reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or in any means - by electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise - without prior written permission.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events, and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
ISBN: 978-1492176015


   Fallen Mysteries



      Some face the hollow rounds
     and silver ways of
     Dragon



       S. R. Bernard




Table of Contents
Part I - Changes
Part II - Blood Kin and Odd Friends

Part I - Changes
Blue Lake Werekind Wolf Territory
Thunder rumble and darkened skies pushed Alexis to drive faster. Fat drops of rain splashed on the rental car's windshield. A quick glance in the rearview mirror assured her Blake was asleep. Way off course in Tennessee, she tightened her hands on the steering wheel and looked for an exit as the rain became an incessant downpour. Alexis picked a turnoff little more than a rough trail marked Blue Lake Lodge and inched her car towards a lit beacon for mile upon winding mile. She pressed upward on the steep incline and placed hope beyond her current position.
Carl alerted his alpha, "We have activity on the north road. Lone car with one female driver seen on the cam. Identity unknown. Your orders?" A few minutes later, Ryan walked into the control center and looked over Carl's shoulder at the security monitors. He said, "We can't turn away an obviously astray woman in this storm. Circle the watch and confirm there's no suspicious activity and have Sarah and Mark meet me in my office. Pass the word we'll have a visitor for an undetermined time. Stress the point there will be no transforming within the primary zone. Move those with little control over the change. Apologize for the inconvenience and assign the second watch group to them." Carl kept his gaze lowered and said, "Immediately done." In the next instance, Ryan's canines lengthened and an inner wildness glazed over his eyes and body. Not sure at the move, Carl dropped his head further down and asked, "Alpha?" Ryan requested, "Please ask everyone to act human normal until we know otherwise." Ryan's face returned back to normal, and he said, "Peace. A job well done as always." Carl glanced up and pledged, "Brother, all will be done as you order."
Alexis pulled up to an entry gate at least fifteen feet tall. Through the heavy rain, she made out the name Blue Lake Lodge in large metal lettering on top of the gate and said aloud, "What am I going to do? I have to do what's right for my son." She rested her head on the steering wheel and drew in deep painful breaths.
The grate of metal on metal brought Alexis's head up, and she watched two tall men approach. With hands upheld, the men gave the new arrival a moment to view them before the dark haired one flung his wet hair from his face and said in a loud voice, a voice loud enough to penetrate the car windows, "Do you need help?" William was a large framed Werekind with raven black hair and eye coloring. Arthur knocked on the front passenger door window and offered, "We can provide a dry safe place up at the lodge." Leaner than William by a small measure, Arthur was one of the few of the Blue Lake members to wear his brown and blond patched hair buzz cut short. William dropped his hands, and he and Arthur waited. Alexis puzzled over the speed of their movements and questioned the accuracy of her senses.
A fear scent escaped the cracked opened car window along with the trace of Werekind. Unsure, Alexis stated, "That's okay. I'll go back down to the main road." William changed tactics more curious after smelling the scents which seeped from the car, and he suggested, "If it would help you feel better, we can have one of the women come down. The weather forecast calls for severe storms throughout the night and into morning. This isn't a good time for travel. If you get to the lodge and don't feel comfortable, we'll lead you back up to the main road, on my honor Madame." Hurt and unable to fight exhaustion, Alexis trusted her instincts to make the right decision. She wavered and asked, "Are there families at the lodge?" William sensed the visitor's fatigued state and reassured, "Yes, let's get you settled and out of the wet." He followed his innate drive to protect the young and unprotected regardless of their community status, and he finally convinced Alexis she had found a good place to shelter.
Out in the sleeting rain, the larger Blue Lake Pack member said, "I'm William, and Arthur is here with me. Can we ride back up to lodge in your car?" He softened his expression, relaxed his general manner and stance, and attempted to appear as harmless as a six foot four heavily muscled alpha Werekind male could. He continued, "You must be tired. It's a bad night for a run. I can drive if you agree. I grew up driving these roads." Unwilling to lose control of the car and her precious cargo, Alexis answered, "No, I'll drive."
Second to the alpha in leadership, William adopted a diplomatic manner. He headed for the front passenger seat and motioned Arthur towards the back of the car. William pointed to the narrow pass through road and said, "The road has a few deep falloffs ahead and four sharp "S" turns. I'll let you know when you need to slow your speed and maneuver quickly."
Unable to discount the fine buzzing in her ears, Alexis considered William warily. She gauged his body language and his projected aura for trustfulness, and she deferred to his better knowledge of the road. Alexis conceded to exhaustion and pain. She asked, "If the offer still stands, will you drive?" William nodded his head in agreement. He tempered his tone and said, "As you allow." He resisted barking out orders and taking over the situation to calm the stranger's palpable level of wariness.
When Alexis opened her door, he suggested, "Permit me to come around and assist you." Alexis tried to hide her injured state and threw out quick, "Not necessary." She clinched her jaw against the pain and gingerly got out of the car. Alexis pressed her right arm against her body and used her left hand to shield her eyes from the lashing rainstorm. Arthur watched Alexis's movements and spoke in a voice unlikely to be overheard, "She's hurt, and it's bad." William extracted his body from the compact car, muttered a quiet expletive, and flew out of the car to help the stubborn stranger.
Alexis limped to the passenger seat, and William followed her after his attempts to support her were shaken off. With narrowed eyes, William leaned on the door window. He watched the unknown woman plunged her body down into the car seat. William took a moment and observed her child. He met Arthur's eyes before closing the car door. William jogged back around the car and crammed his large frame again into the car's small space.
After jarring her injured right side and left leg, Alexis dropped her head back onto the headrest and took long pulling breaths. She attempted to conceal stabbing waves of agony. William reached over and secured her seat belt, and Alexis's eyes shot open. She tried to scoot into a more comfortable position. William asked, "Are you okay?" Beads of sweat dotted Alexis's face, and she drew out, "Sore cramped muscles from a long drive." She eased her rigid body down into the seat, unclenched her hands, dismissed the bite of her nails into her marked palms, and exhaled a long breath. William raised his eyebrows and commented, "Worse cramps I've ever seen. Let's get you up to the main lodge."
Blake felt his mother's distress and woke when he heard strange voices. Pain stopped Alexis from turning around. She settled on saying, "Momma's here Blake," and he quieted after he heard her voice. Arthur spoke to Blake, "What a brave young one." Not threatened by the large male staring and speaking to him, Blake wrinkled his face at Arthur and turned his head away. Arthur relayed in code to William, "Defiantly a first." Alexis interjected, "My first and only. He's such a sweet boy." William met Arthur's eyes in the rearview mirror and replied, "I'm sure he is. Rest, I promise we'll get you both to the main lodge safely." Arthur spoke into a small phone in a fast low tone, "Arrival in ten with mother and one young. Have Mark ready."
As soon as the car stopped, Alexis got out of the car, and again ignored William's attempted assistance. The two Werekind men waited while she got her son out. They knew better than to step between any mother and her young and prepared to intervene if necessary. William tossed the car keys to Arthur who would check the car for planted devices, run the plates, and park it in one of the secure underground garages. Three other Werekind Wolf males materialized out of the darkness. They would remove the car's contents and retrace the recently driven path.
Alexis and her child were guided up the main lodge stairs under a large umbrella by William and a younger male with light brown hair and hazel eyes who introduced himself as Todd. Alexis gave Todd a tight smile before she returned her concentration back to staying on her feet. The umbrella only stopped half of the torrential rain, but the gesture reassured Alexis. Both Todd and William slowed their gait and matched the slower struggling steps of the unknown woman and her son. They directed Alexis through a large foyer decorated with artfully placed rustic polished stone topped tables, substantial wooden benches crafted by master carpenters, and large paintings that portrayed serene forests, lakes, and snow peaked mountain views hung on the high walls. The primary materials used in the lodge construction were stone, bricks, and mortar. Indoors, the heavy use of wood and stone prevailed along with primitive accents and artifacts. The lodge had an old world feel with a few hints of innovation.
Alexis walked by movable walls approximately ten feet apart in a fanned semi-circle from the foyer. Unknown to her, the walls could become an impermeable wall buffer against threats. Occasionally, Alexis put out a hand to keep upright. William walked in front of her and Todd behind. Alexis's determination and inner strength read through, and they didn't impede her gritty efforts. She was directed to the welcome room, pressed into a chair by concerned hands, and instructed to place her feet on an ottoman. Unable to lift her left leg, Alexis kept it on the floor and only lifted her right. She hoped the chair fabric was waterproof, because she and Blake were dripping wet and voiced that thought aloud. Ryan, Mark, and Sarah heard Alexis's comment when they entered.
The Blue Lake Alpha responded, "The guest's comfort is always assured first and foremost. The furnishings are only a vehicle to accomplish that sole purpose." A tall and burly man, Ryan clearly came from ancient hunter heritage. His dark auburn hair was secured in a braid which hung to his shoulder blades. He had chiseled features, a few prominent facial and neck scars, and a piercing pair of light blue-gray eyes. He continued, "Welcome to Blue Lake Lodge. My name is Ryan. William is dripping water onto the floor next to you. Arthur was the other in the car with William. Sarah is our Lodge Keeper." Sarah was an older female whose long sun streaked brown hair was coiled in a crown braid arrangement atop her head, and she carried her and Ryan's share of smile lines. Ryan continued, "Young Todd is on the other side of your chair and last is Mark, our own healer." Mark was average large Werekind Wolf male size. His olive complexion and dark brown hair were offset by intense golden brown eyes.
Alexis stood up after Ryan paused and said, "Before you go any further, all I need is a room for the night to wait out the storms. I can pay...." Ryan tempered his voice to calm and neutral. He said, "We'll make you and your son comfortable for your stay. Please, no further discussion about payment. Mark and William will escort you to your rooms. Todd will carry your son if you're in agreement. Sarah will have your meals prepared, and the suite stocked to your specifications. Do either of you have any dietary restrictions?" Alexis replied, "No, only Blake never gets full. He eats a lot for his age and size. Oh, he prefers meat and will fuss if he only gets cereal, vegetables, and fruit. Sorry, I rattle on when it comes to Blake." Ryan smiled a rare occurrence and said, "Rightly so as a proud mother. You and your son will receive all you both require and request." Ryan told the lodge visitor, "Simply ask anybody you see if you have needs. If you have problems, call on me." After a parting, "See to it" to the Werekind group in the room, Ryan exited.
Sarah left to complete her tasks, and Alexis stated, "All this is unnecessary." Frustrated, William inquired, "Do you want to be carried to the guest room, or do you choose to walk with our assistance? We're tired of pretending your injuries don't exist. "Alexis turned to Mark who answered, "What he said. Don't bother to ask Todd. He's not long past his young years. He'll do what you ask, because he's blinded by your beauty which will get him in more trouble than he can handle. Best to leave your young in Todd's youthful hands." Todd bared his teeth at Mark, and Alexis witnessed that oddity. Mark cautioned Todd, "Temper." Chastened, Todd dipped his head and pledged, "I'm strong and will carry your son safely." William saw Alexis's unfocused gaze and prompted, "Who do you want to carry you? And yes, that's your only mode of transportation from the looks of you. You're in no condition to walk there on your own."
Alexis drew from a bottom of her dwindling supply of energy. She refocused her eyes, pushed up from her chair, and put most her weight on her uninjured leg. Through tight jaws, she forced out, "I didn't ask for your opinion. You can point me to the room, or you can point me to my car. Those are your options." Alexis held her right side and in a strained voice asked, "Will you please take Blake, Todd? I'll follow you." Surprised, Todd said, "Of course Lun ahh... I mean Madame, you must be worn. This is my honor." He knelt down to Blake's level and intoned, "Peace little warrior. I carry you only by your mother's choice." Blake launched his small body at Todd in answer. Alexis replied, "Thanks" to Todd and told William and Mark, "I will and can take care of myself. I promise to be gone tomorrow. I only require a room and food for the night. I'll manage the rest on my own." William and Mark briefly looked at one another, and William responded, "Of course Madame," and they both watched the human clothed Werekind Wolf mother with Werekind Wolf first blooded son. Alexis's body picked that exact moment to short out. Fatigue, painful injuries from recent traumatic events, stress, and being the mother of an active child stretched Alexis past her physical abilities. Her knees unhinged, buzzing assaulted her ears, and flashing lights swamped her vision. William caught her before she hit the unforgiving stone floor, and he rushed to her prepared guest suite. He called out to Mark, "You have a patient whether she wants to be or not." Blake hung onto Todd's neck as Todd sprinted behind the others. Once they arrived in the prepare suite, Mark called Ryan and alerted him of the situation and asked for Cleo to bring child bath supplies and toys to distract Blake while they tended his mother.
Mark set his medical kit on the table and rummage for extra linens to pad the bed while William held Alexis. After all was arranged, Alexis was placed on the bed and examined. William called for additional towels, bandages, solutions, and equipment to clean large wounds. He also asked for a change of clothes for himself.
Mark handed William a pair of scissors, and they each cut away Alexis's clothes and covered her with a large towel. They noted bruises on her left leg and arms and minor abrasions and lacerations on her hands and left knee. The abrasions and bruises were less concerning than the large wrapped dressing from Alexis's ribs to hip bones and the dressing on her left upper thigh. Mark smelled the bandaged areas for clues and indicated William should do the same. Angry, the healer spoke, "The wounds haven't received proper care." He efficiently removed the old dressings and muttered loud, "Damn," at the extent of the damage. Mark examined Alexis's upper leg wound and rolled her over to expose the deep cut which marred her right lower ribcage around to mid back. He commented, "Some monster caused this damage and by some miracle this woman wasn't cleaved to death. This speaks of deadly intent. She received some quick and dirty care, and I use the term care loosely. Whoever stitched her up used rudimentary skill and or little effort. I've seen Werekind hit hard by wounds like these. I don't know how she, a full human, dealt with the pain and got any distance at all from the attack area." William commented, "Sheer will and determination to stay alive and protect her son. This is a dire situation. What rightful soul would leave them to survive on their own?"
Mark gave Alexis a human dosed tranquilizer, pain shot, and antibiotics. He cleaned the wounds thoroughly before he removed the old loose sutures. He picked and irrigated debris shards from the wounds and expressed, "William, I want to meet the thing that did this to a woman and make it a fair fight." Always a warrior first before healer, Mark tended Alexis's injuries with gentle hands. William studied the brave woman's features and knew she was courageous, because she functioned without complaint. Long eyelashes rested on Alexis's sharp strong cheekbone. Her full lips were turned as if in thought, and her closed eyes were a mystery color.
Mark and William cared for Alexis, a complete stranger, as if she was one of their own. After Mark finished dressing the wounds, William replaced her clothing with a large t-shirt which covered part of her dark earth tone skin. He rolled away the soiled linens, put Alexis under the bedcovers, and tucked them to her chin. William placed a hand in her short soft curly hair and lowered his forehead to hers in a pack mate gesture. He stepped away from the bed and suggested as Mark put away supplies, "I'll get a shower first and stay the night here. My thanks for your good work as always. I'll check in with Ryan in the morning." William continued, "I better rescue Todd. We all know how little ones are at that age, let alone a young first." William's whistled a signal, and Todd came out of the bathroom soaked through with bathwater over the previous rainwater. He grimaced as the happy naked child pulled his hair, and Todd gladly gave up his hold on their rambunctious visitor. Blake ran in the suite of rooms and evaded capture. William remarked, "He's probably hungry. Try food if you're done playing." William told Mark, "You can head out. I think Todd can hold up for a little while longer." Todd didn't comment. He was occupied steering the wet child towards the table. Mark watched the comical scene and said, "Time will tell how the wounds will heal. If she runs a fever, let me know."
Blake smelled the meat and tracked towards it. Blake was grabbed under his arms and placed in a chair. Todd dipped a large portion of chopped beef tenderloin and chopped venison steak on a plate, sat a cup of barley water by the plate, and broke up a piece of fresh baked bread. He avoided eye contact, so the young male could eat and not feel threaten someone larger might take his portion. William finished in the bathroom. He walked out and dried off with a large towel. Todd brought up his findings and reported, "I found no injuries on him. Even given his mother's human genes, his Werekind heritage is clearly evident with his reddish amber eyes and fine light gold and red body hair. I've only heard of these characteristic and not personally seen them. I know something strange when I see it. This won't be an easy situation to untangle?" William confirmed Todd's assessment and said, "Your instincts are right on target. Don't pass this knowledge yet. All will know soon enough. See you in the morning." Todd chanced a glance at the individual sure to cause an uproar in the Werekind communities. In response to Todd's eye contact, Blake pinched his face in a fierce little scowl and showed his tiny teeth. Todd took off in a flash and didn't give William time to change his mind. He was glad to be away from higher ranking individuals of all sizes.
William slid into shorts, brought the bath towel over to Blake, and dried the rest of the moisture away from his skin. Sated and sleepy, Blake didn't put up any resistance and complied. William placed him on the bed by his mother after he dressed him. He felt Alexis's forehead and cheeks. Appeased there was no fever, he turned out the lights and sat close to the mother and child. Blake rubbed his head on his mother's neck and forehead. He drifted to sleep in mere seconds. William listened to the soft breath sounds of the room's other occupants. He also considered the night sounds of the pack lodge along with the nature sounds outside the lodge walls. He did wonder at the night's events and questioned if the events were random chance or fate born.
In the dark morning hours, Alexis wrestled away from the restrictive covers and called out, "Blake." William held Blake so he didn't inadvertently roll or knock into his mother's injuries. William reached out a hand and steadied Alexis. Softly, he said, "Your son is sleeping secure and so are you." William settled Blake by his mother so she could touch him and make certain of his wellbeing. Alexis stroked her son's skin and said, "My sweet boy. How are we going to make it?" William directed Alexis to lie back down and urged, "Let's get you through the night, and you can see things better in the light of day. We'll keep your enemies at bay until you're able. Shhh. Sleep little mother."
Through parched lips, Alexis rasped, "Need bathroom and thirsty." Lightning fast, William crossed over Alexis and cautioned, "This might hurt. Let's get this done quick." The Blue Lake Second swung Alexis up into his arms as if he picked up a feather pillow, and she knew she was no lightweight. Weak and unable to resist, she rested her head on William's shoulder. In a direct impersonal manner, Alexis was placed on the toilet seat. William squatted in front of her as if he tended an injured woman's needs every day. Alexis didn't want to meet the man's eyes whose heated stare she felt on her face. Fingers raised her chin, and William said, "You weren't able to do this by yourself, or I wouldn't be here." Alexis opened her eyes, and William knew the mystery woman's eye color, a deep forever brown. He shook his head and broke the magnetic pull of Alexis's gaze. William continued, "If you're done, let's get you back."
In the bedroom, William supported Alexis's back and helped her drink a glass of water. Alexis told William she didn't require anything else, but he reached for his phone twenty minutes later after she shifted and moved at least forty times. He walked to the adjoining sitting room and called the healer. Mark picked up on the second ring and answered, "What and where?" William replied, "Our patient is restless and uncomfortable, although she insists she's fine." Mark concluded, "Sounds on point given my limited exposure to our guest. Give me five. Get her to drink something, if she's still awake." William answered, "Already done. Stop by the kitchen and bring food. Her growling stomach will wake her son, and bring me a sandwich. I'm hungry myself." A little put out, Mark said, "Why not invite the whole pack for a two a.m. pack picnic. Any more requests?" William laughed and quietly spoke, "I'm sure I'll think of something later. Thanks."
Arthur, Ryan, and Kaden arranged themselves on various surfaces of Alexis's sitting room. Kaden was Ryan's other second in charge. Mark held a finger to his lips and explained to the group, "I'll give her some medications before we talk.
Back in the bedroom, Mark handed William a bag which held a spoon, napkin, and two containers of yogurts. Mark asked Alexis about her pain, and she finally admitted being 'a little uncomfortable'. Mark grunted and explained the plan included drinking more, eating if she thought she could keep is down, and giving her medicine to help her rest and to help with the pain. William helped Alexis eat one container of yogurt and drink a half glass of water. Mark gave Alexis medicines, and the Werekind males positioned Alexis on pillows off her painful injuries.
In the suite's sitting room, Ryan ordered Kaden, "Set extra watch patrols. Have them cover the secondary territory until we get a handle on what's going on. I want you outside. William, talk to our visitor and see if you're able to get more information. From what Mark said, that may not happen tonight. And thanks for watching over the mother and her son. Arthur, call our contacts in the surrounding areas and tell them to keep alert for strange occurrences and unknowns. Search all available sources for information related to this particular situation securely. Notify me immediately if anything changes, and let's all be prepared for anything and everything. We won't move to the safe hold measures at this time. Everyone, pass the word to be ready at a moment's notice though. Mark, tell me if the visitor's condition changes for the worse, so I can notify the Conclave and inform them of the status of the lone young and mother with unknown pack affiliations. Meet today at eleven a.m." The group dispersed to their individual tasks.
Kaden jostled William's hair and said, "You pulled the easiest duty again. You have to be the luckiest person around." William replied, "Sure not complaining. Have a nice run in the wet. Be cautious and pass the word for the sentries to do the same." Ryan further added, "We don't know who or what we're dealing with. All unknowns are suspect at this point. Don't take any risks or chances."
****
The Guardian Shield was the Blue Lake Werekind Pack's primary defenders. At the afternoon meeting, they discussed the injured mother with first blooded son and the possible repercussions. While Ryan summarized the night's details, he was interrupted by the sound of something being dragged across the floor. Ryan asked Kaden, a gaunt featured, brown haired, gray eyed man, "Check that noise and please use restraint." With his face a mask of primed fury, Kaden pushed up from his chair. He answered, "Done."
Alexis pulled her suitcase and favored her injuries, and Kaden was surprised at the sight. Fast to action, he took Alexis's suitcase then placed two hands on her shoulders to support her stance. He said, "The weather outside hasn't improved and from what I see, you're in no condition to leave. If you're hungry, this is the perfect time to eat." He observed Alexis's pain drawn features and lifted her into his arms. Alexis insisted, "I can walk. Point me in the direction of the kitchen." Alexis grabbed and squeezed both of Kaden's ears hard and stated "Put me down." Kaden's ignored Alexis's request and actions. He carried her into the meeting room.
Ryan commented, "I won't ask why you're out of your sick bed. We're familiar with stubborn natured individuals. While you're here, know we'll pick you up or drag you by your heels back to bed if you fall over. You have fair warning. Don't bother talking your way out of it. That's seen as a challenge which will lead to a small skirmish. More will come and see the task completed." Still holding Alexis, Kaden spoke up, "Ryan, we need Mark's services here. She rivals William in the stubborn department." William commented, "I can't believe you think I'm stubborn." Kaden sat Alexis on a leather-padded bench and reminded William, "Says the one we have to tie to the bed when he's sick or injured." Ryan didn’t stop the good nature banter of his pack members and waited as they cared for their guest.
Mark asked Kyra to get his field kit, a stack of dressings, and a couple of wraps. He asked Allen to get towels and water. Kyra and Allen were both big boned, lean muscled, dark haired brother and sister. They both quickly complied. Alexis exclaimed, "How did I forget? I need a phone." William sat by Alexis and attempted to calm her, "What is it? Talk to us. Maybe we can help." Alexis held her face in her hands and said, "I was supposed to call my sister. I can't believe I forgot. She's probably worried sick. I need to call her." William rubbed Alexis's back and offered, "Easy, Shhh."
Ryan walked over to Alexis and said, "Please allow Mark to check your wounds before you call your sister. Tell her you'll be at a lodge for a few days. After those two things are done, we have information to share. Arthur, get Alexis a phone to make calls outside our community." Arthur rose from the table, nodded to Ryan and left quicker than Alexis's eyes could follow. Ryan told the rest of the group, "We'll reschedule later today. William, bring her son down to the kitchen for his morning meal. Kaden, assist Mark." Allen and Kyra brought in the supplies and left after they received a hand signal from Ryan. Arthur returned with the phone, and Ryan directed him quietly, "Tell Todd his duties have changed, and he will shield the young until the mother appoints another. If the Guardian Shield is not present, Todd's duty is the care and safety of the young first." Ryan walked over and told Alexis, "We can help and mean you no harm. I want to state clearly. We're not holding you here. We'll help you work through everything when you're better prepared." Ryan left the room after he received a positive head nod from Alexis.
Mark and Kaden helped Alexis recline down on the bench, and Kaden mentioned, "I admire your determination, although I think you need to work on your stealth skills." Kaden tapped Alexis on her nose. He talked and distracted her while Mark lifted her shirt and cut through the wound dressing. Mark directed and said, "Turn to the side." Alexis complied and verbalized again, "I need to call my sister." In a calm voice, the healer comforted and instructed, "I'll finish quick, and you can call her. To get this large wound to heal properly you need rest and quiet. You also must decrease your activity, and no lifting until the wounds close and cause you little or no pain. You should stay for at least four days. That's a conservative estimation and possibly longer if you develop problems. Alexis picked up the odd term used to identify her son, and she asked, "Why is the word young used instead of baby or child?" Mark answered, "Young is what we call our offspring. We'll get to that soon. Let's get you patched up, fed, and reunited with your child in a nice comfortable spot. Okay." Alexis relaxed a little and went with what she felt were reasonable suggestions.
Mark asked Kaden to hold pressure on the wound section which seeped blood. One of the pack's best trackers, Kaden raised his nose and smelled. He quirked a look at the healer. Mark checked if Alexis watched and found her eyes closed. He took a long breath through his nose and lifted his eyebrows at Kaden in surprise. Indirectly, Kaden sought information and inquired, "Since you'll be with us a couple of days to heal, what can I call you? I have a large pair ears if you need to talk. I'm a good listener, or if you prefer William or Mark here. You can speak to any of us you feel comfortable with. As you meet the others, we'll fill in the names." Alexis supplied, "My name is Alexis, Alexis Monroe." Kaden's glacial features melted into a brilliant smile, and he remarked, "Beautiful name, it matches you perfectly." Mark enlightened, "Kaden is a push over for a strong pretty female. Please excuse him." Mark cleaned up and departed after he advised, "Rest today. Eat what you can and stay hydrated. We'll reevaluate every day. Ask for me if anything changes and plan to see me throughout the day. Believe me. You won't be far from help here at the lodge. The wound dressing and cleaning process will be done at least a couple of times a day," and Mark left the room.
Kaden touched his forehead against Alexis's before he pushed up from the floor and said, "The storm stopped you for a reason." Alexis was too distracted to think overmuch about the unique action. Kaden handed Alexis a phone and said, "Use this phone for your stay here. The phone number is listed on the back if you need to give it to your sister." He bundled a few towels into a makeshift pillow and placed it under Alexis's head and moved to the other side of the room to provide Alexis a sense of privacy.
Alexis dialed her sister's cell phone and got her on the second ring. From Indianapolis, Jordan asked, "Where are you, and why didn't you call me like we planned? I've been worried sick. Everything was going through my mind especially with you traveling with Blake. Are you okay? Is Blake okay?" Alexis knew it was useless to speak until her sister paused to breathe or got distracted, so she waited. Kaden used his enhanced Werekind hearing ability and listened to the decidedly one-sided conversation. Jordan asked, "Are you still there?" Alexis sighed and confirmed, "Yes. I was waiting for you to wind down a bit. No, that's not an opening for an argument. Let me explain." Jordan replied, "Okay, so what's going on?" Alexis told her sister, "When I talked to you last, I didn't tell you the whole story. Not that I'm going to over the phone. Blake and I are fine. Give me a few days, and I'll explain the whole situation." Back to talking, Jordan said, "Where are you? I'm coming NOW." Kaden cringed from the screech coming from the phone. Alexis rubbed her forehead and explained, "There are several large storm systems moving through this area. I'm resting for a few days before I continue my trip. Everything's fine. I'll explain in person soon. I'm at a nice lodge. This was as good a place as any to stop. I'll call you again tonight. You can reach me at this number. I can't use my phone. Something about the phone reception in the area. Give me a couple of days, and we'll have a long talk."
Jordan listened then answered, "I don't like it. If you say you're okay, I'm going to hold you to your word. Call me if anything comes up. Say the word, and I'll meet you." Kaden approached Alexis when her phone call was finished and asked, "Ready to go somewhere more comfortable and see your child?" Alexis answered, "Can we wait a few minutes? My sister will call back any minute. I told her the truth. I don't know why, but I feel safe here. Problems happen if I don't listen to my instincts and inner voice." Kaden encouraged, "If at any time you don't feel comfortable during your stay here, talk to any of us you feel comfortable with."
Three minutes later, Alexis's phone rang. She answered, "Hello. Yes, this is the correct number to reach me. Yes, I'm fine. Yes, I'll call you. Okay. Bye." Alexis sat the phone down and said, "I'm finished. Please pass my appreciation on. Everyone has gone out of their way to be helpful and considerate." Kaden responded, "I'll pass the word. We're not the kind to turn away those requiring assistance and support. We'll continue, have no doubt. Come on. I'll take you to your son. First we'll stop at the kitchen and get some food. Did you want to go back to your suite, or your options are the game rooms, several lounges, sunrooms, library, media room, quiet rooms, or the inner atrium? Due to the weather, the patios and outlooks aren't good choices today." Alexis decided on a sunroom.
****
William's primary duty was interior lodge security and primary pack lands security, and he oversaw pack business enterprises. Kaden duties included security of the secondary pack lands, tracking, and pack liaison when Ryan was unable. William and Kaden were Ryan's seconds, and all three were part of the Guardian Shield. Todd was called to duty, so William and Kaden could complete their pack duties.
Todd entertained Blake. Alexis shifted on the couch and attempted to get comfortable without drawing attention to her actions. As he play wrestled with Blake, Todd asked, "Want me to call Mark?" Alexis stopped moving and answered, "No, I'm good. Are you okay playing? He can get a little rough. He's strong for his age. I can watch him if you have something else to do." Todd assured, "Nah, I think I can manage until he grows some. I'm not busy doing anything else right now. Why don't you try to sleep? Your son will be alright. I promise." Alexis closed her eyes and rested to the sounds of Blake laughing and Todd's play shrieks.
In Ryan's office, William, Kaden, and Arthur conferred. Ryan asked, "So what do we know?" Arthur started, "Alexis Monroe, twenty-eight years old. Primary residence is Indianapolis, Indiana. She travels away from home occasionally. Occupation listed as self-employed, outdoor design. I'll investigate deeper into those particulars. Marital status single. One child named Blake Andrew Monroe. No father listed for her son. One living relative found, a younger sister named Jordan Monroe who also lives in Indianapolis. Both parents deceased and their brother died in infancy. The Monroe sisters are flying low on the radar and are generating few hits on lookup. Strange, I didn't find any links to other living family members."
Kaden responded, "No doubt she ran into trouble recently. She's no shrinking violet. A fighter. If not in true ability, then in spirit. When Mark changed her dressing and Alexis's son wasn't present, I got the scent of the elusive golden jackal or the like. I don't believe she's the full human we first assumed. That would explain her son being a first which is not usually seen in hybrids. I've sent my teams out more often and alerted the surrounding Werekind communities to take notice of all visitors. We'll check any unknowns well if they linger in the area."
William added, "Todd washed Alexis's son and noticed he's covered in fine gold and red hair, and his eyes are red and amber. Todd witnessed him showing teeth, a blatant act warning off his food. You both know I have odd feelings now and again. This is one of those times. My gut and head tell me we should protect this family. I was drawn into Alexis's eyes and was absorbed in until I shook it off. I have no doubt she's more than human."
Ryan nodded his head, "Arthur, keep looking for more information even the unseemly in importance. We'll sponsor this family up to the North American Werekind Wolf Conclave if necessary. The timing of this incident and the rumblings at the last Conclave could be incidental, or fate dropped a part of a situation for our pack to play a role in. I contacted Marcus, the Conclave Enforcer. He will be here today. He wants to be present when we interview Alexis Monroe. Any objections?"
Ryan was not an omnipotence alpha. He relied on his pack's knowledge and experience as well as his own. William answered, "The reasoning is sound to have the Conclave Enforcer here sooner rather than later. It's good for him to get involved before the information is muted, and the trail grows cold. Kaden said, "Marcus is a fair arbitrator and has seen his share of perplexing situations. What's gained by taking on the situation and not having him involved? Alexis can't resolve the problem on her own, and the Conclave can address the situation for Alexis and her son." Arthur included, "Marcus protects innocents regardless of the consequences and isn't one to escalate a situation among the packs unnecessarily." Ryan declared, "We'll ride this out and support Alexis and her son unless we find reason not to. I strongly believe that won't happen."
****
Fingertips brushed Alexis's shoulder and along her neck. She thought it was part of a vivid dream. She heard her name called close to her ear and reluctantly opened her eyes. Alexis recognized William and let sleep pull her back under. William ruffled her short hair and called again, "It's time to eat and drink. Then you can go back to sleep." Weak, Alexis waved her hand as if to ward off a nuisance. William picked Alexis up and stated when he sat back down, "You need to eat, or we’ll call Mark to start IV fluids. You must be strong for your son little mother." In a sleepy voice, Alexis answered, "I'm so tired." William heard the unsaid message and replied, "You have help." He stroked Alexis's head and whispered, "Eat or I call for Mark."
Alexis opened her eyes and yawned. Fully awake, she realized she was being held. Alexis inhaled a surprised breath. William calmed her in his way, "Shhh, all is well brave heart. Todd, bring the table closer." The younger male moved the solid table and was not taxed to do so. William explained, "It's our way to bring food to those unable to secure their own. Conserve your energy and heal. Another day, you can debate this issue. We do our obligated duty. Before you ask, your son is in the bathroom at the moment. The plan is to walk him around the lodge to burn off his endless energy. Sarah is caring for him, and she's good at handling strong willed males."
William coaxed Alexis into eating one- quarter of a giant sandwich and drinking a glass of cool water. She drew the line at trying beef bone marrow which according to William was nutritious for a healing body. Alexis wasn't having any of it, and she meant that literally.
****
Conclave Enforcer, Marcus and Hunter Dylan arrived at the Blue Lake Lodge later that day. Separated from his birth pack, Dylan was Marcus's friend and associate. Marcus was a member of the Stark Pass Pack. His Enforcer duties included being negotiator, problem solver, and imposer of Conclave laws. Hunter duties were less diplomatic and more action oriented.
Marcus and Dylan were updated and given the known details about Alexis and Blake Monroe. After the briefing, Marcus concluded, "I identify several situations covered by Conclave law. The first is the case of a mother who was attacked and injured while traveling with her young son and that mother happened onto Werekind Wolf Pack land. Second, the involved mother's genetic makeup is unknown. She appears human, but she carries the blood scent of an ancient Werekind bloodline. Add to the situation, her son's father is not currently known and is likely a Werekind Red Wolf. The wounds inflicted on the female may still be life threatening. If the mother dies, there is the matter of what happens to her son. Control of the young first could fall to the female's closest relative, a sister without known pack affiliation either. Or the control could fall to the father or father's pack if a strong enough case is made, or control could fall to an unidentified source. We must consider the rare young first as a potentially important Werekind. That first lacks a proper shield of protection, and whose present protection is an injured mother notwithstanding your pack's intervention. For a first to travel at all is unusual. For one to travel unprotected is more concerning and is inconceivable if his father does in fact know of his son's existence. The Conclave is relentlessly working to identify and support any hybrid offspring with the quiet help of official human governing organizations including the World Alliance Agency. The few hybrid offspring even born and left in the human world with no intervention by conclaves, councils, or communities don't fare well. They often die early without the necessary Werekind energies to sustain them if they are weak. Those who do survive live a life devoid of the ability to change, the one thing which formulates our true being. This is not even an in-depth consideration of all the information."
Marcus innocently asked, "So, this situation just presented itself at your door?" Ryan remained calm at the implied question. He understood Marcus, as Conclave Enforcer, would ask the hard questions to all involved. Ryan replied, "The answer is the same as it was when I first spoke to you. The Blue Lake Lodge claims no part in Alexis Monroe's current situation or condition. Our pack members would never commit such a reprehensible act and remain alive if it was found out. No one has ever seen or heard of either Blake Monroe or Alexis Monroe before now. As to the question of protection for the two, the Blue Lake Pack will sponsor them until someone with greater rights steps forward or is identified. We offer support when they can't protect themselves." The present Blue Lake pack members agreed. Marcus answered, "Given these circumstances, the Monroes may need the support of the whole Werekind Wolf Conclave to manage this monumental set of circumstances and all of the potential complications."
Sarah knocked on the alpha's door. Ryan called out, "Enter." Anxious, Sarah spoke, "Mark, you're needed. Alexis is running a high temperature, and she's not lucid. Her skin is fire hot. Cleo is wiping her down with cool towels." Marcus expressed, "We need to talk to her and confirm her side of things." Ryan commented, "Let's all see what the situation is."
When they arrived in Alexis's room, Mark set up IV fluids quickly and gave other medications including antibiotics. Ryan asked Todd, "Take Alexis's son for a run in the primary protected area and take Randall. Blake can use some fresh air and activity. We'll call you back if his mother's condition deteriorates. We'll shield him. Todd, Blake is your shadow. Where you go, he goes. He's your responsibility when he's not in a Guardian Shield or elder member's care until the mother says otherwise. Tell me if you want out. I selected you, because I trust in your abilities. The choice is yours though." Todd picked up Blake and adjusted the sleeping boy over his strong shoulder and answered, "I accept this responsibility. I'll shield him as one of my own kin and recognize this as a chief responsibility and duty." William said, "We always back our own. You have a pack's help."
Todd carried the three foot four inch, forty pound, three and a half year old boy to find Randall who was another Werekind male around Todd's age. They both were moving up the ranks to more primary duties instead of lodge maintenance and lodge upkeep. Chances were good Randall was connected to a gaming system if not working or sleeping, so Todd headed to his setup in the second floor gaming room.
Todd slapped Randall on a shoulder and said, "You're back on duty by the alpha's order." Randall exclaimed, "My day job ended at five o'clock." With a different sense of humor, Randall probably shocked his own self with what free flowed from his mouth. Todd asked, "Want to tell the alpha you have assigned work hours, and do you want to answer to William or Kaden if the alpha's requests aren't followed? You might be able to talk to William, but Kaden and Ryan will reeducate you without words." A dark haired, green-eyed Were, Randall turned from the monitor, studied Todd, and remarked, "Todd, why are you carrying a young. Do you have a little secret?" Todd surged towards Randall and snapped out, "We won't joke about this. Not when this young's mother walks next to death." Randall put his hands up and said, "Talk to me. I don't know what's going on. I was only joking. I have a clue it's big, because I saw the Conclave Rep and his silent 'if you look at me wrong you no longer exist partner'." Todd answered, "I'm tense and can't spread information. I was told to take you when I run with him." Randall broke the tension by saying, "Let me decide between the tasks of moving the week's meat for forty Werekind to the main kitchens after clean all the lodge vents or enjoy the outdoors in the company of a cute ankle biter. Where can I sign up for this kind of duty all the time?" Todd let Randall know, "Wait until we wake him before you decide how easy this duty is."
In the suite where Alexis lay gravely ill, discussion stopped when her assigned phone rang. William answered on the second ring, "Hello, Blue Lake Lodge." Jordan asked, "May I speak to Alexis Monroe? I'm Jordan, Alexis's sister." William replied, "A moment please." He covered the phone and asked Ryan and Marcus, "What do I tell her?" Ryan said, "Tell her we'll send a car for her and minimize the severity of her sister's condition. We will release good faith general information about our lodge." Marcus added, "I concur." William returned to the phone and said, "Jordan, my name is William. I work here at the Blue Lake Lodge." With little patience, Jordan stated, "I don't care who you are. I want to speak to my sister. The longer it takes to put her on the phone, the more convinced I am there is something wrong. Where is the lodge? I'm coming?" William knew honesty was paramount. He felt Alexis's sister was not easily led off trail. He answered, "Your sister is sleeping. She arrived ill and is receiving care. The lodge will send a car for you tomorrow. What's your address?" Jordan commented to William, "I'm a good navigator and driver. What's your location?" William redirected Alexis's cunning sister, "In the short time your sister and nephew have been here, we have gotten to know them and have no problem extending those same considerations to you as her relative. We will send a car and take the burden of a long drive alone from you. Allow us to do this for you." Jordan reluctantly gave her address and added to William, "How bad is it?" Truthful, William replied, "Your sister is running a high fever and is receiving excellent care. The lodge is southeast of your location about six hours away. How can we reach you?" Jordan gave William her contact information and added, "I don't know any of you. I'm forced to belief you have my sister's best interest in mind. I don't have any reason to think otherwise do I? Know that I can hear a lie before is leaves your mouth." William wondered what kind of predator Jordan was. He sensed her as another, but he didn't ask and stated, "I personally pledge your loved ones are in caring protective hands. We'll forward information about the Blue Lodge Lake as a show of good faith. We only ask that you keep it secure, because we're an exclusive property and lodge. If you're agreeable, we'll plan on meeting you at your home tomorrow morning. Please realize we're not coercing you. It is your choice to freely decide what you choose. I'll call you back if your sister's condition changes. We'll contact you closer to the pickup time. Feel free to contact the Blue Lake Lodge if you require assistance with other departure arrangements. We understand this is short notice." Jordan ended the conversation by saying, "Thank you for what you're doing. I'm forced to trust you sight unseen, and this is far from easy." William reinforced his previous promise, "I guarantee we are doing all we can for your family. Have no doubt." Jordan heard the ring of sincerity in William's voice. She acquiesced and said, "Okay. I'll believe your guarantee when I see my sister and nephew." William listened to dead air, after Jordan disconnected the call first for a few seconds before he pushed the end call button.
William told the group, "Quick assessment of Jordan Monroe. Strong willed, cunning, cautious, in a word she's Were. This Luna is no docile human. If a lengthier evaluation is the same, both she and her sister will be welcomed additions to any group of Werekind." Jordan Monroe was given the ultimate compliment by William. Ryan directed the group, "Dylan, please check for any residual smells and try to identify any remaining clues. William, you're with him. Kaden, you'll pick up Jordan. Bring Arthur up to speed on your current vital projects and team assignments. He will be in charge of your section while you're gone. Marcus, Alexis's interview is on hold until her condition improves, if it does at all." With a sudden thought, Marcus stopped Ryan by saying, "Dylan can accompany Kaden. He can get firsthand information from Jordan Monroe's location. He has friends in the area. I can stay here in the primary location and interview Alexis when it's possible and act as their Conclave advocate if necessary." Ryan nodded his head yes and said, "That's a good plan. We'll go with it. Mark, what's your word on Alexis?" Mark answered, "She's holding her own. Need to give the medications time to work and see if she's able to rebound." Ryan replied, "We'll plan for all outcomes, but her full recovery is the goal and hope. We know you're working towards that end." Mark bowed his head and responded, "Alpha."
Mark, William, and Dylan remained in Alexis's assigned room. William stood by Alexis and retraced the events of her arrival, "She came to us in the rain. When she lowered the car window, I scented Werekind coming from the car but not from Alexis. Her scent was neutral human. Looking for the source of the scent, we discovered her young son in the back seat." Dylan interjected, "I'll see him after I'm finished here." William smoothed Alexis's hair in a telling gesture before stepping back to give Dylan room to work. Dylan considered Alexis's general characteristics and asked Mark to show him her wounds and other injury evidence, and Mark complied. Dylan checked Alexis's palms, her fingernails and knuckles, and scanned the rest of her body for more evidence. He used his Hunter senses and spoke out for William and Mark as he processed the available details. Dylan stood back up and closed his eyes. He stated, "She was surprised, turned to run, fell to the ground, rolled and saw her assailant. She was struck first in the leg, then she crab crawled away. She turned to the left, was hit in her right side, and that blow wasn’t fatal. Something or someone stopped the killing. The weapon used on the leg was the sharp hilt of the Hunter's knife to stop her escape, and the wound to the right side was the weapon's blade. There's clear Werekind involvement from the scents I pick up and by the weapon of choice used. I can't pick up individual scents though."
Dylan continued checking scent layers. He dropped down to eye level with Alexis and was surprised at the expression in her open eyes. Alexis feather touched Dylan's cheek. Hoarse, she whispered, "A silent Hunter far from home, a lone wolf standing in deep snow surrounded by dry forested land." Alexis closed her fevered eyes and drifted back into a deep sleep. Dylan took a long breath and ran a hand through his silvered hair. Although not an old Werekind, Dylan's hair was the silver of an elder. After a long intense look at Alexis, Dylan said, "Well that's interesting. I was identified as a lone Arctic Werekind Hunter by an incapacitated person. Put that finding along with the blood scent of Werekind equals a Monroe history with Dar Werekind in their line." William commented, "Given this information, it presses the need to identify Blake's father and determine the father's role in his son's life if any. We must get information from the Monroe sisters." Dylan concurred, "The recent history of the Dar is almost nonexistent since the systematic extermination of the once powerful group in the early twentieth century by opposing Werekind Wolf factions. The detection of one of the Dar bloodline also known as Walkers is staggering. There are stories some survivors found refuge with secret Otherkind factions. And what of the young's abilities given his mother's probable Dar line? His first status and likely Dar abilities makes for a formidable Werekind in his future years." 
Marcus and Ryan were discussing similar implications to the Werekind Wolf Conclave and larger Werekind communities including Werekind Coyotes and Werekind Great Cats.
Dylan met up with Todd and Randall, as they herded Blake into a slow jog around the lodge. Thrilled to be outdoors, Blake darted to avoid capture along with spontaneously stopping to investigate and explore. Dylan appeared in front of the group as the silent Hunter he was. Blake tackled Dylan's legs, and Todd called Blake back. Randall kept his distance and avoided direct eye contact with Dylan and commented, "Hunter, we didn't expect you on this ground now." Todd moved to snare Blake. Dylan said, "Leave him. He'll come to no harm. Your skittish companion, he's fair game. Randall raised his unseen hackles, lengthened his canines, and snapped at Dylan. Todd stepped between the two, more for Randall than Dylan. Dylan advised, "Stand down or test me." Randall swore after he retracted his canines, shook his head, and commented, "Todd, I'll be over here away from power playing predators." Dylan quirked his head and communicated through a cold stare what he held under his skin's cover. Randall backed up a few steps, lowered his head, and apologized Randall style, "Sorry for calling you power playing, Predator." Todd spoke up to curtail the killing of a friend, "Hunter, Randall is on assignment with me, and I don't want to explain how he got exterminated on pack lands by a Conclave Hunter. Randall, please don't aggravate a Hunter who doesn't care if you live or die." Todd bent to pick up Blake. Dylan beat him to the task, and he held Blake at eye level. Blake didn't cower or cry. Dylan brought forth his Were side to Blake, and Blake responded in kind with a scowl and bared teeth. Dylan spoke, "You've been entrusted to shield Blake. Hold to your duty well, or I'll come for you both, not your alpha or his seconds demanding answers. Contact me if you run into more than you can handle. The lodge knows how to reach me. I don't want to hear about a situation after the fact, because that won't go down well for either of you." Dylan stood Blake back on the ground, ruffled his hair, and parted after he said, "Stay safe Hunter." Dylan was gone in the next instant. Randall and Todd flanked Blake, and Randall commented, "I was threatened three times by a Reaper's Spawn, and I'm still breathing. Think that's a record?" Dylan appeared by Randall before Randall could phrase his next thought out loud. A clawed hand gripped Randall's shoulder. In a brittle cold voice, Dylan stated, "Predator yes and will be to my dying breath. Take knowledge for the future, I do take offense at being called Reaper's Spawn. Then you name my family as well as me. Do we understand one another Randall Adam?" Randall remained neutral in Dylan's hold and recklessly tossed out Randall style, "Yes Predator," instead of keeping his words behind his teeth. Dylan shook his head at Randall's daring, released his grip, and disappeared again. Todd sat Blake on his shoulders and offered Randall, "You realize that he's not the joking kind. To refresh your spotty memory, Hunters hunt, track, and yes Randall, they kill. I have no idea why he's calling you by your first and second name. If you want my advice, avoid comments sure to set him off including anything more or less than hello." Randall rubbed his sore neck and shoulder and answered, "You have to test the ground sometimes my friend. How did I get dragged into shielding a young when we were only going to take him for a run? If I tell the Hunter, he'll see an open invitation to take me out. Talk about a lost your lease on life situation if you ask why. Todd I'm in. Majority of the work is yours, because I'm an innocent bystander struck by consequences." Todd asked Randall on their way back into the lodge, "Do you believe half of what comes out of your mouth?" Randall replied, "The edge of truth has a beckoning draw and a walk on that edge can be deadly or proof untold. Feel free to quote me." Todd made exaggerated rocking steps much to Blake's delight and thought over Randall's last spoken words.
Later in the lodge, William and Mark sat by Alexis. Kaden and Arthur met to arrange pack land security, while Marcus conferred with Ryan. Dylan roamed the ground seeking answers in his own way, and Todd and Randall entertained a rarely still Blake. The notion of rest was far from any of their minds.
White River Werekind Coyote Territory
Kaden and Dylan arrived at Jordan Monroe's residence and both scanned the surrounding area for clues and threats. Dylan took up the rear at a slower pace and filtered through the layers of scents. He commented, "Even a human should smell the recent over marking by wolf. This isn't subtle. This property is in the middle of White River Werekind Coyote Territory. The marking will bring attention here. I'll call Marcus and get his opinion on bringing in the White River Pack. Meet you inside shortly. “Kaden caught the movement of the window blinds located to the right of the front door, and he knew he and Dylan were being watched. Kaden held a hand up for silence and to cue Dylan. Dylan quickly moved to the left of the door. Of Arctic Werekind Wolf heritage, Dylan didn't easily blend into the environment with silver hair and pale bright skin. He relied on the element of surprise and speed to overwhelm his adversaries. Kaden turned on and off his menace as needed. His laid back, loose-limbed appearance sometimes was mistaken for slothfulness and caught opponents off guard thinking him an easy slow target.
Kaden knocked on the door, and the door was answered by a young male clearly not Jordan Monroe and both Kaden and Dylan scented the youth. The male at the door was slim and had the youthful angles and hollows of a body equipped with a veracious metabolism. The six foot three inch youth fingered his long sable hair from his hazel eyes, assessed the men at the door, and called out, "Jordan door." He waited for Jordan and continued to block the door's entrance. He demonstrated nonverbal signals to stay back easily understood by Kaden and Dylan, and they both complied. A five foot eleven inch strong built female, Jordan appeared more Werekind to Kaden and Dylan than her sister Alexis. Her mid- length wavy hair was pulled from her cinnamon hued face which accented her exotic light brown eyes that were trained on the visitors. Kaden drew his gaze from Jordan and offered to break the standoff, "I'm Kaden from the Blue Lake Lodge, and this is Dylan. We're your escorts." Jordan laid a hand on Tristan's shoulder and asked him to step back. She said, "Please come in and have a seat. Thank you for providing the information about the Blue Lake Lodge. It was informative. We'll be ready shortly. Tristan will be coming with us. Tristan, please get the luggage," and he asked, "You sure?" Jordan answered, "For now."
Tristan moved past Dylan and Kaden, made direct eye contact with both before he turned away. Tristan's walk was disrupted by a right leg limp. Jordan directed Dylan and Kaden into the great room. Kaden asked, "What can we do?" Jordan answered, "I need to put out the trash, make sure everything around the house is secured, unplug the nonessentials, set the light timers, and check all the windows and doors. Dylan responded, "I'll take the outside, can I borrow a key?" Kaden said, "I'll take the downstairs and basement. That leaves the upstairs for you." Jordan stopped them and said, "Sorry to spring Tristan on you. I'm his guardian, and it's not a good time for him. Hope this won't cause any problems." Kaden approached Jordan and told her, "We'll work it out. We have plenty of room at the lodge. Let's get you to your sister as soon as possible." Jordan let her confident mask slip. Hunter Dylan brushed his hand on her shoulder and said, "We're here to help," and asked for the key again. Jordan supplied it, and he took off to contain the perimeter.
While outside, Dylan called the White River Werekind Coyote Alpha, "Owen, I'm interested in a property located inside your territory which has been scent mark by Werekind Wolves. Probably rogue activity." Dylan gave Owen Jordan's home address. On the other end, Owen answered, "I'll make it a priority and provide details back when I get them. Anything else?" Dylan replied, "Will you extend watch over Jordan Monroe's house while she's out of town? Jordan Monroe and hers have come under the Blue Lake Pack's protection. Conclave Enforcer Marcus and I are also involved. If I might politely inquire, do you or yours hold a claim of protection over the Monroe family? My inquiry is currently separate from the official Werekind Wolf Conclave. I trust your response will be in the same light. If you're unable, I offer my formal apologies and please forget I asked the question." Owen told Dylan, "If I doubted the seriousness of the situation you're currently participating in, I no longer do. Not with you putting a string of sentences together and in a formal manner no less. May I invite you and those in your company for a meal before you all leave the area?" Dylan understood Owen wanted to see Jordan Monroe in person. Dylan answered, "For mutual collaboration. Please don't speak of Werekind concerns to Jordan Monroe." Owen replied, "Agreed. Meet you at River's End Restaurant by our West Compound. As alpha, I personally assure your group's safety at River's End. I recognize this is a delicate matter."
Kaden ignored the errant elbow that grazed his stomach when Tristan brought luggage to the front door and asked, "What's your name? It seems we're forced to spend time together?" Tristan spun around, walked away, and put his back to Kaden. Jordan's ward loudly sighed, dropped into a chair with his legs casually sprawled, and remained quiet. Unmoved by Tristan's disrespectful acts, the Blue Lake Lodge Second said, "I'm Kaden. Where do you want to go? Say the word and I'll drop you off before we leave for the lodge. Your choice. Know a certain level of behavior is expected if you leave with us. Understand?" Sullen, Tristan answered, "Yes." Kaden continued to look at Tristan when Tristan offered nothing more, and Kaden conceded, "Okay. I'll call you Tristan as your guardian does until you tell me you prefer another name." Before Kaden left the room to find Dylan, he pointed a meaningful stare at the surly young adult male. The room's air current carried a growled hum from Kaden, and it was a direct message of awareness and alert.
Kaden met up with Dylan outside and offered, "We have two unknowns, although we both can agree to Jordan's undeniable appeal. I'm leaning towards Jordan's ward being a threat. I ran into him when he was bringing the bags down. He offered Werekind push back contest. Even though he smells human, I'm not sure. He's young, angry, and volatile. Dylan replied, "We need to talk to Jordan about him before we leave. I spoke to Owen as we planned. He will watch Jordan's house for an information exchange, and he wants to meet and see Jordan. Owen is more curious than any Werekind Great Cat." Kaden said, "Let's get the meeting completed fast. We need to contain the number of participants, or they'll know more than we do." Dylan concurred, "Truth. I'll finish up and see you back inside."
Tristan waited on the porch while Jordan sat at the kitchen table by Kaden. Dylan paced and listened. Jordan offered, "Tristan Kerr is seventeen years old, and he recently lost his adoptive mother to breast cancer nine months ago. Maria Kerr, his mother was my close friend. In the event of her death, I was named Tristan's guardian in her will. I opened my home to him, and he accepted our new relationship. Tristan was in foster care before he was adopted by Maria when he was eleven. His birth parents aren't known. In addition to Maria's passing, he and his best friend were in an accident five months ago, and Tristan's friend, Brett Woods, didn't survive. Tristan worked for months to regain his ability to walk without the use of assistive equipment. Stability has been ripped from under his feet with every gain. Saying Tristan is angry at life is putting things mildly." Kaden suggested, "He needs to talk to someone if you're willing. Tristan's anger and unsettled state are palpable and given everything you've said it's understandable." Dylan chimed in, "We don't have a lot of time to discuss it now. Tristan is carrying a load of anger which needs to released and managed. We don't presume to step into your bounds as his guardian. We only offer assistance if you find it acceptable. Don't worry about the house. I made arrangements with a friend to keep your property and belongings secure, and we're going to meet him at his restaurant on our way out of town. This must be hard, but please trust us to watch over you and yours as if you're a part of our community." Jordan stood up and replied, "This isn't normal for me. If Alexis believes you, I will until I see otherwise. She has a second sense we both have come to trust. On the other hand, I tend to take longer making up my mind." Jordan crossed her arms and gazed pointedly first at Dylan and Kaden last. She continued and cut off any further inquiry, "I'll get Tristan. We'll meet you outside in a few minutes." Kaden gave Jordan a small smile and answered "Absolutely."
Dylan led Jordan to the passenger backseat and left the front passenger seat for Tristan. Kaden wanted to keep an eye on Tristan and wanted Tristan where he could listen for the cogwheels of his mind planning nefarious deeds. Once seated, Kaden glanced at Jordan's ward with his hair groomed into a braid which ended just below his neck. He could see why Tristan carried a badass attitude given his sharp striking looks. In addition to Tristan's fair features, he had hair longer than the norm and had a graphic Celtic tree of life 3-D tattoo that webbed his entire upper left arm to his elbow. Out of the tree of life, a pair of wings opened through which the shadowed image below was seen. Kaden commented, "Nice artwork, whose design?" Tristan pulled out a pair of earphones and shot Kaden a glare and said, "Mine." Tristan put the earphones in effectively cutting off any further conversation. Dylan called and informed Owen of their departure from Jordan Monroe's house. Owen replied, "I'm sending over a team. Hope Ms. Monroe needs yard work and tree pruning done. And we'll see about killing that unpleasant scent on her property. Suggest she inform her neighbors that she'll have house and yard done while she's away as well as a house sitter from time to time. That should decrease the likelihood of the authorities getting involved. See you all shortly."
River's End Restaurant was located in a heavily wooded area away from the city proper. An assortment of smaller buildings and houses flanked the restaurant as well as a five-story office building. Individuals walked around the area and unknown to Tristan and Jordan, they were guard teams. Jordan asked, "Isn't this an off time for a restaurant to be open?" Dylan informed, "River's End is open most of the time and offers a wide range of selections from breakfast to evening cocktails day and night. It's an exclusive operation, part restaurant and part meeting place." Kaden parked the SUV close to the restaurant entrance, and Dylan came around to help Jordan out of the vehicle. The group walked up to the door, and they were met by a hostess/guard. Heather welcomed them to River's End Restaurant and led the group to a private dining area. She said, "Owen will be in directly."
Owen came in after the drink orders were taken. He was accompanied by another male and both shared similar features identifying them as brothers. They both had sandy thick hair, gaunt faces, and firm compact bodies similar to a gymnast though taller. Owen offered, "My apologies for not being available when your group arrived. Dylan, it's good to see you again." Owen didn't ask who was with Dylan which would be a breach against common Werekind practices. Owen paused long enough for Dylan to fill in the blanks if he chose to. Dylan complied and said, "Owen, you're in the company of Jordan Monroe and Tristan Kerr, and we and they appreciate your offer to watch over their house." To Jordan's ears the interaction between the two males seemed more formal than the task of dropping off a key, but she didn't understand the relationship between the two. Jordan pulled out her spare house key and approached Owen. Owen's brother Adrian stepped between his brother and Jordan, and Owen waved him off. Adrian retook his place slightly behind his brother.
Jordan was a touch driven person and used her spider sense to help assess situations. She was good at detecting different vibes given off by people. Although not as effective as her sister, she still trusted her intuitions. Jordan offered Owen her hand, and he clasped it gently in both of his. A faint growl hum floated on the air which Owen smiled off, and he said, "It's a pleasure to meet you Ms. Monroe. I'm Owen Miller. This is my brother Adrian." Adrian stepped forward and dipped his head to Jordan, and he expressed, "Ms. Monroe, we welcome you and yours." Adrian looked at Tristan over her shoulder, and Jordan peeked around to see Tristan flanking her back. She continued to be surprised by Tristan's quietness especially given his injured right leg. Owen released Jordan's hand, and she allowed, "Please call me Jordan, and this is Tristan, my ward. We both appreciate your willingness to watch our house on such short notice." Feeling comfortable in her decision, Jordan handed over her house key. Owen declared, "We accept this watch, and it will be managed as ours until your return." In exchange, he gave Jordan a key ring with a stamped phone number and a miniature trail of winding paw tracks on a dry riverbed, and he suggested, "If you need help in this area or beyond, except our invitation of assistance. Think of this service, as roadside assistance only this plan is not limited to your vehicle. Call and check on your property at any time."
Unbeknownst to Jordan, Owen sniffed the air around her when he led her to a chair. While he helped Jordan into her chair, he felt Tristan's commanding presence. Owen naturally reacted. He stared at Tristan and tried to get the young male to lower his gaze. When that didn't happen, Owen instinctively bared his teeth at Tristan. Tristan stood unmoved by Owen's alpha display and did turn his head as if bored and glanced around the room in no particular haste or pattern. The room's occupants couldn't tell if Tristan's head turn was a deliberate action or not. He had demonstrated another Werekind power play. Tristan's actions spoke to the Werekind in the room who required no spoken words of communication of his more than surface humanness. Owen was more curious about Jordan Monroe after his short initial interactions with her ward. The White River Werekind Coyote Alpha gestured his head towards Tristan, and Owen's brother followed Tristan to a smaller side table.
At the main table, an array of tantalizing selections appealing to both human and Werekind tastes sat and included a large ornate platter with beef, mutton, chicken, and exotic meats. Centered on the table, breads, buns and rolls peeked from a giant breadbasket. An enticing sugar dusted cinnamon roll demanded Jordan's attention. Owen the observant host picked up Jordan's craving, and he attended to the matter. He used bread tongs and selected the exact roll Jordan wanted. He offered, "May I serve you?" Jordan nodded her head yes and whispered, "Thank you." Her words were easily picked up by Owen's sensitive ears. Jordan casually sought Owen's face. He returned her searching gaze and asked, "What else do you want?" Determined to break up the interaction between Owen and Jordan, Dylan said, "Since you're serving, could I have a stack of beef and four chicken halves." Owen motioned towards a young male near the door and asked, "Chris, please serve our guests," and he returned to serving Jordan effectively responding to Dylan without losing his current focus. Kaden watched the situation while he enjoyed the feast put on by the Werekind Coyotes. Kaden recognized Jordan was able to choose whose company appealed to her. On the other hand, Dylan quite clearly interrupted a moment between Jordan and Owen. Dylan and Kaden saw Owen unmistakably acting as a courteous provider. For a Werekind male, that behavior was reserved for females deemed acceptable as partners. Jordan didn't dissuade Owen, so Kaden watched a possible budding relationship. Werekind matches didn't take days or decades. Sometimes they happened in a single chance moment. Jordan was in no danger or harm. In fact if Owen pursued her, she would be well cared for. Dylan was irritated at Owen's current attentions, but it was Jordan's decision to accept Owen's courtesies or not. Kaden planned to notify his alpha of a possible visit from White River members if either wanted to continue their connection further.
Meanwhile, at the second smaller table there was little conversation. Tristan occupied his time by eating no less than four overfull plates of food. As fast as one plate was finished, another was placed in front of him. A guest, whether Werekind or otherwise, didn't leave River's End hungry. Tristan was oblivious to the attention he received from the young adult female wait staff. At one point, there was a foot race to retrieve his empty plate. Not a picky eater, Tristan did grunt at a few particularly tasty selections. Adrian assessed Tristan as a compelling combination of physical appeal, hints of mystery, and a persona seeping strength. Those characteristics combined with apparent total oblivion and an insatiable appetite drew the two female Werekind wait staff's attention faster than moths to fire fed kindling. Adrian asked while Tristan's mouth was empty of food, "In your state of blinding hunger, do you even recognize the attention you're receiving?" Tristan returned, "Attention?" Tristan concentrated on eating the remaining rolls in the basket in front of him. Adrian shook his head at the interesting young male who currently was out eating many a full grown Werekind. He asked after Tristan's third plate of choice meat selections, "When did you last feed?" Tristan chewed a mouthful and answered, "If you mean when I last ate, about four hours ago. I ate a light breakfast." Adrian looked at his brother across from him at the other table and raised an eyebrow. Owen studied the intriguing female who tested his balance. Werekind were drawn to matches equal to their power pulses, and those matches were more about compatibility attraction.
At the meal's end, Owen spoke to Jordan alone. Dylan and Kaden moved towards the door but not out of the room completely. Owen said, "It's been a great pleasure to meet you. I look forward to hearing from you if you're unencumbered by a current male." When Jordan didn't quickly answer, he added, "I'll approach whomever you name to complete proper protocol." Jordan tipped her head to the side and echoed Owen's turn in phrase and use of Werekind wording. She offered, "I'm not currently encumbered. I answer for myself. Ask my sister." She felt oddly attracted to Owen and wanted to spend more time with him. Owen responded, "I will." More serious, Jordan answered, "My sister's not well. Dylan and Kaden are taking me to her." Owen replied, "I apologize for the timing. Not for our meeting though. I sense your closeness to your sister. I sincerely hope all will be well for you." Owen grasped Jordan's hands and pulled them both to his lips. He kissed them and took in her scent. Owen leaned towards Jordan and said, "I want to see you again." Jordan parted their hands and replied, "Maybe."
Jordan had signaled her acceptance of Owen's pursuit. Adrian and Tristan also watched the interplay. Tristan saw Owen as an infringement on his guardianship and friendship with Jordan and said to the room at large, "I'll wait outside." Adrian followed Tristan and walked past Dylan and Kaden out the door. Dylan soon followed after the other two and said to Kaden, "I'll prevent Tristan from challenging any available male whose only offense is breathing and being in Tristan's line of vision."
Adrian stood down from Tristan who rested against the front entrance wall of the restaurant. He addressed Tristan who stood brooding, "Your guardian is an attractive desirable female." Tristan gave Adrian a 'Shut the F up glare'. Adrian continued, "My brother made a connection with her." Dylan heard the exchange and quietly said to Adrian, "You're not helping this situation. Is your plan to incite him or calm him?" That inquiry affectively cut Adrian off. Dylan leaned on the wall by Tristan and offered, "Movement can help. Want to walk and release some energy before it boils over? Tristan answered, "I should stretch my leg before the drive." Adrian directed Dylan and Tristan to a plant lined pathway adjacent to the restaurant. Dylan and Adrian both saw the grimace lines of pain on Tristan's face. Adrian inquired, "Do you require care before you leave?" Tristan replied, "No, I'm okay." Adrian commented with an "Hmm" and didn't otherwise reply. Dylan observed Tristan closely and took the young man at his spoken word. They walked a couple of laps and ended at the Blue Lake's SUV where Kaden and Jordan waited. By the end of the walk, Tristan's stride was looser, and his limp less pronounced. Adrian offered a farewell and walked back into the restaurant.
Jordan stopped Tristan which cued Kaden and Dylan to give them privacy. She hugged her ward size and age no matter. Tristan bent down, so Jordan could kiss his forehead, and she emphasized, "Never doubt your place in my heart. You'll be a part of my family in whatever form that is. Okay?" Jordan felt Tristan nod his head against her shoulder. She asked, "Are we good?" In answer, Tristan squeezed Jordan tighter. Jordan said, "Let's go." Kaden and Dylan wisely didn't comment on Jordan and Tristan's interactions. The Monroe sisters and offshoots were their own pack, and Adrian headed back inside the restaurant to talk to his brother after the SUV drove off.
Owen sat in a heavily protected office beneath the restaurant with his arms extended on the armrests of an old ornate leather and wood chair. Adrian knocked before he entered. He glanced at his brother whose hands gripped the chair's curved armrests and had coyote eyes peering from his face. Adrian recognized his brother's focused intensity and understood the source was Jordan Monroe. In Owen's current state, Adrian knew his brother tracked his movements even though Owen's eyes never wavered. Adrian picked up the desk phone and pressed Ben's number, another of the White River Coyote Pack elite. He told Ben when he answered, "I have an assignment for you. I'll give you the details when you get here." Ben confirmed he was on his way and hung up. Adrian called Tony and said, "Names Jordan Monroe and Tristan Kerr who live on Clover Street, local. Obtain information and make it alpha and elite guard secure. Use our internal sources. Unknown dynamics and participants except the Blue Lake Lodge and Dylan, the Conclave Hunter, and Marcus, Conclave Enforcer. Priority immediate and give the information directly to Owen or myself."
After completing the phone calls, Adrian took a small pitcher of water from the room's mini refrigerator, poured two glasses, and gave one to his brother. Owen blinked several times and refocused his thoughts. The two brothers sat and waited for Ben who made good time. He was directed into the alpha's offices by Heather. Ben acknowledged Owen first and Adrian second, and he pulled up a chair. Curious, the elite guard asked, "You have an assignment for me?" Owen stopped his brother from answering and said, "I met someone today and was given the privilege of keeping watch over her property while she's out of town. You're primary on this, including spending time there. Jordan Monroe is under the protection of the Blue Lake Pack and the Hunter Dylan. Whatever is going on, it's new. I get the impression involvement extends to Jordan's sister. Jordan acts human and also shows Werekind characteristics. Ben, she’s guardian to a changeling young no matter what his smell says and no matter who he currently associates with." Adrian added, "Tristan Kerr didn't blink an eye at Owen's stare. Tristan showed enough to be viewed as acknowledging the stronger power. But another interpretation could be, he looked bored and was looking around the room for something worthy of his attention. Major attitude and I can feel his push of power. I pity whoever feeds that bottomless pit on a regular basis. He eats more than Graham and Werekind Wolves. His use of silverware doesn't scream Werekind Great Cat, but he did have their intense singular focus when they feed huddled protectively over food gnawing the gristle from bones."
Ben didn't inquire anything about Jordan Monroe, whom Owen was apparently interested in. He waited for Owen or his brother Adrian to provide those details. This was a serious time for both Owen and the pack. Ben job, and the rest of the elites, was to maintain the safety and stability of their pack. Ben encouraged a positive atmosphere and declared, "Owen, I know I speak for the pack. You have our loyalty and support in all that you need." Ben smiled and continued, "I wish you a fruitful mate search my friend." Adrian gave Ben Jordan and Tristan's address and asked Ben to contact Tony, so they could collaborate. Ben left.
Adrian and the other elites would rally and support their alpha. They would support his decision to court Jordan Monroe, if she was his choice. Ben headed to Jordan Monroe's home. He didn't take this duty lightly and would complete the duty with his full abilities.
Adrian suggested, "You do realize Jordan and Tristan are a package deal. Jordan treats Tristan as her own flesh and blood young." Owen considered before he answered, "Jordan must have reason to care for him. If she does, maybe someone else should." Adrian did hope the best for Owen's possible match but he suppressed a shudder at the possible havoc Tristan would cause in the pack and not to mention the killer food bill he would generate.
Blue Lake Werekind Wolf Territory
Several extra chairs were setup to accommodate a large group. Kaden and Dylan directed Jordan and Tristan towards their reunion with Alexis and Blake, and introductions were completed. While Ryan spoke, William left and got Alexis. Jordan noted the care which William held her sister. She saw her sister's weaken state and the circles of darkness under Alexis's eyes. Jordan couldn’t hold back tears, and Mark handed her some tissues. Jordan said, "Alexis, what's going on? You're my sister. You can tell me anything." Alexis answered, "I didn't know it would come to this."
Ryan spoke, "Not to interrupt, that's where we come in. It's best if you all hear this information together. Any of you have past interactions with Werekind?" Jordan was the only one to say no. The Werekind in the room saw signals of affirmation in Tristan and Alexis's nonverbal responses. Ryan explained, "Werekind populations have existed alongside full humans and live in closed societies and communities. Although the general public knows of our existence, most humans don't crossover into our lines of knowing. We're groups of restricted societies which don't break long held secrets. We don't broadcast knowledge to outsiders or those brought over on penalty of death if oaths are broken." Marcus further added, "Extreme creativity, maze networking systems, placement of individuals in useful positions, addressing potential situations in an almost frenzied manner, and maintaining long held strict rules are used to maintain our almost nonexistence to most of the general population. We take care of our problems with iron clasped rules and concrete permanence. We work with particular government agencies throughout the world to maintain compliance with established unified worldwide regulations and treaties. Agencies provide avenues to maintain open lines of communication with necessary authorities to resolve conflicts and problems and maintain assurances. Werekind affairs are managed and policed well to decrease the impact on people outside of our societies. Werekind fall under the jurisdiction of Werekind Conclaves, Werekind Councils, and other Werekind ruling parties. Non- Werekind authorities hand off identified Werekind cases to those ruling parties."
Alexis informed her sister, "Jordan, I was attacked by a man who growled out his words, and his face changed from normal shape." Jordan stopped Alexis and gestured around the room. She said, "Do you think it's a good idea to talk about this." Alexis added, "Yes. I know they don't mean us any harm. Matter of fact, they've gone out of their way to help. And while I'm on the subject, I've noticed behaviors like growls, rubbing foreheads together, decreased personal space zones, reassuring touching and gestures, showing teeth, and a whole lot of sniffing. I'm ill, but I still recognized I’m around distinct individuals who are more than human. No Jordan, I haven't gone crazy. I've seen behaviors in Blake which prompted me to search for Blake's father. I went searching for information in the wrong place and here we are."
After a nod from Ryan, William asked, "Will you give us Blake's father's name?" Alexis asked, "Before I answer, how will answering affect my family?" William rubbed Alexis's shoulder and said, "We support your cause and promise no retaliation, my word before witnesses." Ryan further explained, "It might help if we offer more information. We're Werekind, specifically Werekind Wolves. We live among full humans or most prefer to live in groups among our own kind. We can identify those from Werekind heritage or those who carry Werekind blood. That brings us to Blake and you two sisters." William continued, "As you suspect Alexis, your son has dominant Werekind genetics." Mark added, "Your son demonstrates special characteristic rare even for full Werekind, and a Werekind blood scent from you points to a Werekind heritage along with your human genes. Blake will only thrive and develop among Werekind. The same may hold true for you both."
Jordan suggested, "This is a good place to stop. It's going to take us time to process all of this. Don't take this the wrong way, but I've heard enough. I'm in information overload. I want time to speak to my sister." Looking around the room, Jordan continued, "I don't have a problem continuing this discussion later." Alexis added, "I agree with my sister." Ryan wanted to establish a trustful non-pressure environment. He encouraged, "Of course. Please excuse our drive to answer questions at the expense of a guest's needs. Please accept our pack's full hospitality." Jordan stood and said, "Thank you." Ryan, Dylan and Marcus left. Kaden told Tristan, "Come on. Give the sisters what they ask for."
William and Mark settled the sisters in Alexis's rooms. William touched Alexis's neck, and she captured his fingertips and entwined them with hers. Jordan picked up on the close interactions between the two. William motioned to Mark and reintroduced him as the pack healer. Mark formally offered his services, "If there's anything I can do for you or yours, please let me know." William said, "We are at your service." William and Mark inclined their heads to the sisters after William's statement. Mark indicated a pitcher of water and snacks which included dried meats, meat spreads, cheese, and crackers. He pointed towards the facilities where Jordan could freshen up. Jordan commented as William and Mark were leaving the room, "So Alex, what's up between you and William? I know he’s easy on the eyes and all." Jordan walked to the door and smiled up at Mark and William before she shut them out of the room.
Mark said what they both were thinking, "Dangerous, she's serious one moment, playful the next. It didn't take Jordan long to see a connection between you and Alexis, whether you acknowledge it or not." William told his friend and ignored the implication of his attraction to Alexis, "I spoke to Jordan on the phone several times. My advice, treat her cautiously. Quick assessment, Alexis is strong, quiet, gifted, and steady, and her sister is strong, sharp, clever, and unpredictable. Underestimation of either's abilities would be a mistake." Mark didn't comment further about William's and Alexis's bond and by Mark's sage reasoning and experience, he sensed the situation would be as it would be with William's acknowledgment or not.
Downstairs Kaden introduced Tristan to Todd and Randall and asked them to set him up in a room on the male wing. Kaden thought it more prudent to have Tristan start on the same footing as any average new Werekind male in the lodge than bunk him as an unprotected young in a female's care. Tristan was a male of age who was able to make a place for himself, and he would be treated as such.
Kaden exchanged Tristan for Blake. Todd and Randall were not thrilled to have their shield duty changed to babysitting service for what they scented was a full human young adult male in a lodge of testosterone loaded super males. Randall voiced his displeasure with a loud sigh, and Todd made a sour face. Tristan expressed after Kaden walked off, "Let's get something straight right off. I don't need a keeper. I don't want a keeper. I'm not your best friend, and I definitely know neither of you are mine. And I don't want to be here. We clear?" Todd perked up, "This might be fun after all. I'm Todd and duty as lodge gofer, and this is Randall, my current assistant. I warn you, Randall can spout some crazy stuff. Hope you're not easily put off." Randall encouraged, "I like your style. I predict an interesting future for you. You hungry or do you have aliens growling in your belly?" Tristan followed his strange forced companions to sustenance.
Upstairs, Alexis and Jordan considered the chaos of their lives. Jordan sat on the bed by her sister and said, "Alexis, you said you were going away for short vacation. Here we are at a Werekind lodge. Werekind, as in mysterious people who can change into animal form. Werekind, as in tales who rip up their enemies and dare any to question them and their ways. Werekind, as in you look twice if you hear strange animal sounds especially at night. Werekind, as in we won't bother you if you don't bother us, and they have a serious to the point of death don't ask don't tell policy. Werekind, as in I know they exist, but am I ready to see them as anything expect human complete with the possible consequences? No. Now some of those people say we have Werekind heritage. Add to that, I'm learning you were attacked, and you didn't call me. This is a lot to handle." Alexis asked, "You know how Blake play growls, makes sneer faces, and he laughs and smiles if we mimic him? And more recently, we questioned when he drops to the floor and slow crawls with his back arched. Blake eats more than I do and is growing faster than other children his age. I ran out of logical explanations. My intuition led me to an otherworldly explanation. My gut told me not to take this information through normal channels of inquiry. Not all people tolerate differences and ultimately my son's life hangs in the balance. I considered calling the advertised phone numbers the public can use anonymously and obtain information and report Werekind concerns, but the end results were not worth the risk. I didn't want to call blind without at least contacting Blake's father. He was the source of information to my questions. I didn't want to drop the fact Luke was a father over the phone. We're all involved. I'm sorry."
Jordan asked, "Did you hit your head when you were attacked?" Alexis half serious answered, "No, not that I remember." Jordan said, "When don't we give each other honest opinions if asked. I'll help where I can." Emotional and bone weary, Alexis said, "I wanted you safe," and she closed her eyes in an exhausted sleep. Jordan concurred and whispered, "And I want the same." She considered her sleeping sister's dilemma and blew out a troubled breath. Jordan moved and sat in a chair for ten minutes then got up. She paced a little and stopped in front of the food and drink offerings. She considered the meat spreads and jerky and wrinkled her nose at the smell. She went by them by and selected cheese and crackers, drank some water, and went to find Blake and Tristan.
Jordan was shown where William and Kaden held a conversation and watched Blake play. Jordan knocked, and William said, "Enter." Jordan spotted Blake and called out, "Bam," short for Blake Andrew Monroe. Blake went to Jordan. She lifted him to sit on her hip and asked, "How's my big boy. I've missed you." Blake greeted his aunt by rubbing his forehead against hers. Jordan informed William and Kaden, "Like my sister. I want answers. Alexis wants to protect the family. I'll help with everything except the name of Blake's father. Alexis will give you that information when she does. Don't force her or I'll question your intent. I'm smart enough not to threaten any of you, so I won't. William, I've seen the way you treat my sister. Unless you're putting on, we're already family. For your information, you're one of the few she has allowed into her small circle. Piece of advice, I suggest you start with trust. I'm going to take Blake to see his mother after I check on Tristan."
After her whip fashion monolog, Jordan left with her nephew. Kaden asked William, "Would Jordan have listened if we said anything?" William answered, "Only what she wants to. Don't tell her I said that, or she might actually threaten me." Kaden commented, "She doesn't appear overwhelmed or distressed about the information she received from us. She boldly speaks her mind even without full comprehension of what she's a part of." William said, "Only confirms our speculations. Jordan has the ability to throw a person off focus, an admirable capability. The Monroe sisters both carry distinctive talents. It was fate born for Alexis to stop here at the lodge. My instincts tell me the marking of Jordan's property and Alexis's attack are only the beginning. If Alexis didn't stop...." William could not say the rest. Kaden squeezed William's shoulder and encouraged, "They're all here now."
The next morning, Todd and Randall knocked on Tristan's lodge door and let themselves in. Tristan was introduced to the meaning of lodge privacy and called from the bathroom, "Just a minute, I'll be right out." He walked out with the towel around his waist and found Todd sitting on his bed while Randall occupied one of the two chairs in the room. Randall didn't hesitate to ask, "What the hell happen to your leg?" Surgical scars and trauma pockmarks were visible on Tristan's right leg. Todd replied, "Subtle Randall. You don't have to answer that. But since he asked, how are you walking?" Not amused, Tristan said, "Remember the list I gave you both?" Todd and Randall answered, "Yes." Tristan continued, "Add to the list, I don't have to or want to give out personal information." Todd stood up and told Tristan, "We came to invite you to eat early, so we get the best choices. In a lodge of Werekind, the best food goes fast. You can meet us in the second floor breakfast dining room or stay here with that attitude." Tristan considered whether to sit and grow his attitude beyond his ability to carry or eating. Eating won out, and Tristan quickly dressed and went to find Todd and Randall.
Later, Alexis moved slowly when she got up. William offered his arm, and Alexis braced herself and walked to the terrace. The breeze and strategically placed patio umbrellas tempered the late summer heat. Alexis and William took a few moments and sipped cool drinks. Alexis opened up and said, "I feel comfortable talking to you." William responded, "Thank you. You're generous to share with me. I don't take this lightly." Alexis started again, "Name Luke Blackstone mean anything to you?" William sat up startled at the information, "Luke Blackstone is Blake's father?" Alexis affirmed with a brisk head nod. She replied, "We weren’t together long. After about a month and a half, a fog lifted, and I truly saw him. Looking back, I felt compelled to be with Luke which was unusual for me. My normal abilities were muted. At the beginning, I felt no sense of deception or concern. I felt an immediate intense attraction. Later, I picked up projected problems he no longer could conceal from me. I left before I knew I was pregnant with his child. I planned to raise Blake without any involvement from him until Blake started showing unusual behaviors and growing much faster than normal. I thought the best way to get information was directly from the source. Big mistake which almost ended my life. I didn't consider the possibility of being attacked and coming close to dead. I didn't guard against the effect on my son's life either."
William suppressed a few harsh comments about those responsible for Alexis's trauma and the path of harm the Monroes faced. Pain was written in her eyes. William encouraged Alexis to describe the events, so she didn't have to carry the heavy burdens alone. She took a few moments to regroup, stared into blankness, and rewound her memories. William sat still. He didn’t want to disturb the moment or appear impatient.
William listened intently as Alexis spoke again, "Found information on a card given to me by Blackstone which led to the location of the Grandview Lake region. The area offered entertainment and recreational activities, and I felt comfortable enough to get a hotel room for several days." After pausing, Alexis continued, "I reached Blackstone's office by phone and set up a late afternoon meeting. The timing worked well. I could get food before going to the park. I thought public park, not good ambush spot. I got out of the car. Soon after, I was rushed and hit hard. I fell to my hands and knees and tried to crawl away. I was stabbed in the leg by a blur. When the blur slowed, I saw a distorted man's face, and his teeth were sharp and larger than normal. I was cut deep when I turned and tried to get to my feet. The pain dropped me to the ground. The stones and sticks dug into my skin. I can still remember the smell of the dirt I pulled into my nose when I was on the ground and the sting when it got in my eyes... I couldn't move, and I thought about Blake in the car and the mistake I'd made by bringing him with me. Barely holding on to consciousness, I heard a scuffle and a voice say, "She has a child in the car. You can't do this."
Alexis rubbed her head with her hands and said, "I didn't trust what I saw... I remember open jaws making strange snarl sounds, seeing giant canines and long claws on the hands of two individuals... I tried to see more and my vision faded. I woke up in a hotel room. The man who saved me said he wasn't good at wounds, but he didn't want to leave without trying to help. He said his partner was no longer a problem, and he personally couldn't condone the assignment he was given. He suggested I stay at the hotel for a few days and told me the hotel bill was paid in full. He explained that I should check out at a specific time of day no matter what day I left and gave me a name to use at checkout, Penny Carter. He told me where my car was parked. His advice was to stay off the main roads and to never call or contact Blackstone again. He supplied water and food. Blake was unharmed. For that, I'm thankful to an individual I can't even name whose assignment was to do me harm. His conscience saved me and my son. Things could have ended differently. I'm fortunate to be alive. I put Blake and myself in an unsafe situation."
Alexis sat quiet and relived the events. With care, William told Alexis, "You're no longer there." Alexis glanced at William and said, "I hear you but it's not real yet." She continued, "I only stayed one day. I pushed myself and felt it was better to be on the move than wait. I selected less used highways. I zigzagged a path so well I got lost. Truth be known, I was not following directions well. Was I making the right decision going back home? I was bringing a great risk." Alexis stopped again. When she restarted, she said, "So you see, someone has intervened not once but twice to help. I figure I can't keep up those odds." William stood and pulled Alexis into a tight embrace. He held Alexis as she cried quiet tears against his chest. He told her, "I promise you and your family have a pack's support. I guarantee I'm not the only one who's grown attached to your family."
White River Werekind Coyote Territory
Ben called Owen, "Activity here at Jordan Monroe's house. Need backup. Jumped by two rogues." Owen asked, "How bad?" Ben tried to chuckle and said, "Bad enough to call you. Inside now. Kitchen is a mess, bleeding from half dozen places. Gave more than I got though. Faster to come through kitchen door. Right side of house." While Ben talked, Owen hit the button so Rex, the head of security, could also hear. Owen reassured, "We're on our way. Graham's closest. We'll get to you fast." Owen called Graham and his brother Adrian. He ran upstairs to Heather's office and told her, "Ben attacked. Get word out to be on alert. I want everyone accounted for and operations secured." Heather affirmed, "Yes alpha." Owen nodded to Heather, ran out, and got into a large SUV. The vehicle's occupants included Rex and two others named Brand and Christopher.
Graham parked down the street from Jordan Monroe's residence. He cautiously walked up to the front door and found but didn't touch the manila envelope staked there by a Hunter's knife. He followed Ben's blood path at the side of the house and knew the situation was grim given the blood odor he ran into at the kitchen door. Graham found Ben on the kitchen floor motionless and pale as death's conquered. Ben held a blood-saturated towel to his chest. Graham feared him dead and softly called, "Brother Coyote, I greet your spirit free." Ben opened his eyes and answered, "Cut out the death shit. I'm leaking out of some damn big holes in my chest and shoulder, but I'm pretty sure I'm alive. Damn rogue tried to take my heart." Graham followed Ben's bloody handprints to the drawer holding the towels and got out a couple more. Graham crouched next to his fellow member and said, "You were serious when you said he tried to take your heart," when he saw the clawed holes. Ben announced, "I'm glad his aim was off, or I would be a corpse." Graham replied, "Can you stop that kind of talk. I'm having a hard enough time kneeling in your blood as it is. Matter a fact, stop talking and concentrate on slowing your heartbeat. We need to slow this bleeding."
Fifteen minutes later, Graham returned a night call signal and said, "Backup is here." Graham was known for stating the obvious, and Ben was too weak to complain. Owen and Rex took in the sight of Ben and the state of the kitchen. Rex exclaimed several phrases to express his feelings. On the other hand, Owen went about completing the necessary tasks without outwardly showing his feelings. Rex turned and asked Brand to get a tarp and several patch kits from the vehicle where Christopher remained as a precaution. Brand returned with the items and resumed his watch at the kitchen door. Owen called and notified his brother, "We're good here and don't need additional help. Ben's alive. Get to the West Compound. Call Heather and have her close down operations at River's End and leave two guards. Implement the call to shelter. Enemy unknown. I want Jamie prepared for the worse. Send a cleanup crew here ASAP with two protectors. Have surveillance setup. No, I'm not leaving another here to be slaughtered. Believe me that's what it looks like here. Meet you at the compound shortly."
Rex went on a hunt for clues and located the envelope secured by knife to Jordan's front door. He scented the area and picked up hairs snagged on a yew bush. Rex smiled at the discovery. The message deliverer had worn leather gloves but careless had dropped a Werekind calling card. Rex extracted the Hunter knife from the wood of the doorframe. Written on the front of the envelope was the message, "Please deliver to Alexis Monroe." Rex whistled twice, and Brand came over and confirmed Rex's finding. Rex asked Brand to put the envelope, hair, and knife in the armored box lined with titanium located in the SUV's wheel well. The alpha would decide the fate of the articles and the fate of those who spilled pack blood in such a blatant manner. The White River Territory pack would find answers and endings.
Later at the West Compound, Owen sat grim and watched Healer Jamie care for Ben. When his pack members bled so did Owen in sympathy and emotions. As pack alpha, he would not be far from Ben until Ben's spirit was stable again or worse case gone completely. Werekind regenerated and healed faster than full humans. Ben's injuries were severe and tested the limits of his recuperative abilities. Owen turned to his brother who also stood vigil and asked, "Please get the Blue Lake Alpha on the phone." Adrian returned and handed the phone over. Owen identified himself as, "Alpha of the White River Coyote Pack." He didn't use his name, and the formality indicated the seriousness of the call. The Alpha of the Blue Lake Pack was immediately put on the phone. On edge, Owen revealed, "I'm currently watching one of my pack receive blood to replace what he lost from wounds he got at Jordan Monroe's property. I have no idea what's going on, but I know we're now involved because of the blood lost today. I ask for a sanctioned crossing on your grounds to seek information as soon as I know Ben's life is no longer in danger. If he dies, I ask for sanctioned hunting rights through our Council and your Conclave." Ryan listened as the White River Alpha struggled to maintain control, and Ryan answered, "We asked for your assistance to watch Jordan's property. We didn't expect anyone to be attacked. You and your party are free to enter our territory. I'll answer what I can." Owen replied, "This area is dangerous for the Monroes. Keep them away if you can. A sealed message was found addressed to Alexis Monroe staked on Jordan's front door. The Monroes also had the message of spilled blood on their territory. I'll bring the envelope when I come. While we're on the subject of the Monroes, warn yours away from Jordan, I have approached her." Ryan easily returned, "No. I'll help you where I can. But when it comes to Jordan, you're on your own." Owen squeezed the phone in his hand and emitted an unrestrained tooth-vibrating growl. In a light voice, Adrian suggested, "Brother, calm. The Werekind Wolves are only so civil and taunt us still." Ryan didn't react to the growl on the other end of the line and finished the conversation, "If you require reinforcements or if the situation escalates, call me. The wounds received by your pack member are unfortunate. The Blue Lake Lodge extends its formal apologies and regret." With that Ryan hung up the phone. Owen handed the phone back to his brother before he crushed it to powered bits, and he said, "The enemies of the Monroes made a mistake by taking down one of ours. Someone is intentionally stirring us in this mess. Bad move. I won't stop until I have answers with or without the Blue Lake Pack's full cooperation."
The White River's Alpha's anger boiled up each time he looked at Ben's pale pain etched face. Owen planned as he watched IV lines drip blood and fluids back into Ben's body. Adrian and the two guarding at Ben's head and feet supported their fallen as well as their leader. Ben would not be alone again until he ceremoniously fought his way pass his spirit guards or was laid to rest.
Blue Lake Werekind Wolf Territory
Jordan watched pearled condensation slide down the side of her glass of ice tea and watched as it pooled around the bottom of the glass. She was too wired for bed and felt restrained in a new environment. A sharp edginess cut through her calm. Alexis and Blake were sleeping. Tristan was out seeing a movie with Todd and Randall. Jordan drank the rest of her tea and wiped up the water under the glass. She got up and took the glass and napkin to the main kitchen, the hub of activity at the lodge.
Jared, Allen, Monica, and Crystal all sat at the giant breakfast bar talking and snacking. Jordan put her glass by the sink and felt eyes on her back. She turned around and waited. One of the males got up and leaned back against the counter down from Jordan and casually crossed his long legs. Allen caught Jordan's eyes. He smiled and showed a sharp bit of his canines. Jordan thought he winked. Although it happened so fast, she wasn't sure. Maybe it was the weight of the man's long eyelashes which forced him to odd blink. The second male at the bar commented, "Direct and you stand your ground against four and with Allen's not so subtle advance. Join us. I'm interested to know you." Jordan crossed her arms and returned, "But are you someone I want to get to know?" The group laughed. Jared's personality brightened his nondescript features and brown eyes and brown hair. He put a hand up to his chest and said, "Bold and wise. I definitely will enjoy getting to know you. I'm Jared, and this is Crystal and Monica. The one slinging closer to you is Allen. Allen, Monica, and I are members of the Guardian Shield. Think of us as pack security or enforcers. Crystal is a new apprentice on Arthur's team, more geek less muscle." Crystal took offense at the description. She balled her fist and smacked Jared hard in his shoulder. Jared barked out, "Ouch, tiny wolf." Crystal was a delicate boned, auburn haired young woman who could be cast as an elfin princess if she shaved her unibrow a smidge and grew points on her ears. Monica was well muscled and tall, and she wore her long dark hair in a high braid. Monica said, "Don't let Crystal's small size fool you. She's tough."
Jordan saw the closeness of the four and sensed their support of one another. She introduced herself, "I'm Jordan, Alexis's sister and Tristan Kerr's guardian." In a voice that resonated beautiful depth, Allen said, "Welcome to our lodge, Luna." Jordan sat down and asked, "Luna?" Allen inched closer to Jordan and clarified, "Strong Werekind Wolf female, a title of respect used by the Werekind Coyotes too. You may also hear Lady, but that's usually reserved for females with young or mated females or Madame." Allen provided information, and Jordan actively listened. Not to be outdone by Allen, Jared got ice cream from the freezer, scooped up combination flavors into bowls, and gave them out. Monica explained, "There's competition when someone new comes to the lodge. It's a good thing to attract strong bloodlines into the pack. Mostly it's harmless, although sometimes the competition gets out of hand and requires intervention by the alpha or one of his seconds. Males outnumber the females significantly adding to the interest you're sure to attract. Not to be rude, you smell human even though your actions shout strong Werekind bloodline. Which are you?" Jordan answered, "Good question, not sure yet." Allen spoke and offered, "Doesn't matter. You will be treated as you deserve." Monica echoed, "No doubt you're Luna. Welcome." Crystal asked, "Tristan, your ward, will you introduce him to us?" Jordan knew Crystal was the interested party. She answered, "Sure." Jared asked after he swallowed a mouthful of ice cream, "We're going down to one of the game rooms. Want to come?" Jordan answered, "Why not?" Jordan's earlier edginess dropped away, and she found contentment in the company of Werekind.
Tristan woke from bad dreams, drenched in sweat and terrible memories. He threw his wet shirt and shorts into the hamper, remade his bed with fresh linens, and took a cool shower. Unable to go back to sleep, he put on a pair of sweatpants and went to get a drink and a snack. Tristan eased his way past Todd and Randall's rooms, but Todd's hearing and instincts were apparently that of a bat eared warden who took his job way beyond normal. Todd popped his head out of his door and questioned as Tristan walked to the end of the hallway, "Trouble sleeping?" Tristan thought Todd showed restraint by not asking about the diagonal scars that marred his back which were the right size of a Werekind's spread clawed hand. The long scars intertwined into an elaborate raptor wing tattoo and a number of other random old and newer scars were spread on his torso and arms. Todd cautioned, "If you're going down, you should put on a shirt. Showing scars is an invitation for a possible challenge." Tristan pushed his long uncombed hair from his face, shrugged his shoulders, and threw back to Todd, "Not my problem. If they don't like it, they don't have to look. I don't plan on challenging anyone." Todd said to himself, "Right." Todd took the time to put on a shirt and hurried barefoot to catch up to a person no one could possibly shield but that person himself. Todd unfortunately ran into William who asked him to check on Blake. Todd told William about Tristan going shirtless to eat, and William thought it was as good a time as any for Tristan to establish a placement in the lodge. Todd ran to complete his duties and maybe have time to intervene and stop a disaster.
At three o'clock in the morning, the kitchen was the hub it always was. Present were members of lodge security which included Carl, Ryan's younger brother, a few others who held jobs similar to Todd and Randall, a couple of day sleepers, and some insomniacs. Tristan took the situation in stride, grabbed a drink, a couple of plates, and selected from the early, early breakfast buffet or sixth meal buffet. For Tristan, it was always a good time to eat. He filled two plates, one meat, and the other more meat and a few sides. Tristan ignored the room's other occupants until the moment he felt a finger on his back. His meal interrupted, Tristan politely asked the offending person, "Remove your hand and back the hell off." Carl instructed, "Leave him alone Martin. He's a visitor and undisciplined in our ways." Martin announced to the room, "We have to stomach a human in our lodge. I only make sure his scars aren’t illusions. I don't have to stand for his open challenge and not retaliate if I choose." While Martin spoke, Tristan counted to ten in his head. Because others thought he was an easy target given his looks, long hair, loner status except his best friend who was now dead, and a few times of being in the wrong place at the wrong time, and the list goes on, Tristan was no stranger to verbal and physical attacks.
Unquiet hunger bolstered Tristan's bad mood, and he knew a conflict was coming. Martin didn't take Tristan's first warning. He tapped Tristan's shoulder and said loud, "Maybe the human is too simple a creature to understand." Tristan drew the line at being called simple, creature, and even human in a condemning tone. He rounded and watched Martin laugh with a couple of Werekind males. Tristan edged up the conflict and said, "Oh, I understand you alright, the best you can do is call names to stun your opponent." Martin roared in anger, and Tristan countered by relaxing back. He rested his elbows on the edge of the kitchen bar. Those in the kitchen watched to see what would happen. They didn't interfere and only would if one of the two took things too far. Martin called out a disparaging comment about Tristan's bloodline. Tristan propelled himself out of his chair, pushed off on his good leg, and slammed into his opponent. Martin landed flat on his back, and his head reverberated off the floor. Tristan's knees pinned Martin's arms onto the floor, and he took hold of the side of Martin's throat and left shoulder. Tristan planted his free hand by Martin's head and asked, "I'll take a lot. Talking about my family or friends dead or alive is off limits. What was the last thing you said?" In answer, Martin lengthened his canines, and Tristan countered by applying more pressure on Martin's arms.
William walked into the decidedly one sided fight and explained, "He won't answer with your hold on him. It could be his death if he answers wrong." Tristan removed his hand and asked again, "Am I clear?" Angry, Martin answered, "Yes." Satisfied the conflict was resolved, William told Tristan in an alpha voice meant to be obeyed, "Enough." Tristan rolled onto his good leg, stood, and easily put Martin to his back.
Todd entered to see the final part of the challenge and offered a hand up to Martin. Martin made the mistake of pushing the wrong limit, and an outsider was now above him in the pack standings. Tristan put down a middle ranked wolf hard, fast, and in a convincing manner, and that information would circulate quickly.
On his way out, William told Martin, "Complete it or you answer to me." Martin walked over to Tristan as Tristan sat back down in front of his food. He heard Martin's footsteps, turned on his stool, and waited. Martin conveyed through clinched teeth, "I acknowledge your win over me." With that he left. Tristan shook his head and turned around to finally eat.
A few minutes later, Carl sat on one side of Tristan and Todd on the other side. Todd made introductions, and Tristan kept eating. Carl started, "Welcome to pack life. Martin may be blind and think you're less than us. I won't make that mistake. I have to get back to work. Ask if you need information to help navigate our ways. I'll do the same with you." Carl got up and left the kitchen. Todd said, "Carl is the alpha's younger brother and is offering his help." Tristan assessed Carl's comments and said, "Definitely brighter than some here." Todd stood up to get food and saw Tristan's back claw marks and tattoo ripple in a wave fashion and abruptly stop, and Todd paled at the sight. Tristan looked over his shoulder, and Todd quickly looked away not wanting to be the one to open that particular can of wasps. No coward, Todd knew his way around Werekind and even Humankind and was game for most new experiences. But a twinge of wonder mixed with a ting of fear crept in when he considered Tristan's effortless flight through the air before he slammed into Martin, and Tristan's fearlessness sharp enough to cut through steel and unwise opponents.
Jordan sat in the sun the next morning. She craved the open air and the natural setting. She pushed the swing into motion and thought about nothingness. Jordan listened to bird songs, the buzz of insects, the creak of swinging tree limbs, and the rush of wind through the leaves. In her mind, the fall of booted feet echoed with hearing the real sounds of footsteps coming her way. She opened her eyes and said, "Allen." Still twenty feet away and under the cover of foliage, Allen answered, "Impressive, please excuse the interruption. Ryan would like to speak to you and your sister. Is this a good time for you? If not, the meeting can be rescheduled at your convenience. William is getting your sister, and Todd is watching Blake." Allen bowed. Jordan considered the formal request and said, "Your ways are ceremonial at times. Titles, now invitations." Allen moved closer and spoke, "Werekind ways are old. Formalities and civility anchors us and holds us above our base instincts and reactive states. We choose an existence away from your world in hidden communities conforming and using some of the same rituals of Humankind more past than present. Change is slow for us. Werekind can be as real as I am before you now or disappear except for legends, myths, and rare sightings." Jordan smiled, "A worldly philosopher. I'm having a hard time understanding I'm more than human." Allen offered Jordan his hand, and she used it to get out of the swing. Allen let her hand go, and he walked beside her around bushes, obstacles, and trees and said, "You knew who I was. Your eyes were closed, and I was downwind. You didn't use scent and knew it was me and not another. You have abilities beyond human. Your nephew is a first of rule, special above his father share his genes. Part of those comes from you and your sister's bloodline. That bloodline is Werekind in part. A few rare Werekind carry a force allowing them to lead recognized early and your nephew Blake is one. This can't be easy for you or your family. Especially given what your sister has been through and the way you were pulled into the situation."
They walked the rest of the way in silence to the meeting room. Able to read people well, Jordan recognized Allen wanted to say something more. He answered Jordan's wordless inquiry, "Later."
Alexis walked with more ease and appeared more rested. Jordan didn't question her sister's pain. She knew she'd get the same pat answer, "I'm fine or I'm okay," so Jordan settled for, "Morning." Alexis returned, "Morning, sorry we weren't able to speak longer yesterday." Alexis gave her sister a piercing look of awareness. Jordan replied, "You're good at deflecting. I'm okay."
The Werekind in the room gave the sisters time and didn't interrupt the need for expression and comfort. Alexis squeezed her eyes against the sting of tears and said, "I'm sorry I brought you into this." Jordan answered, "You don't have to carry this burden alone. We cope the best we can." In a show of support, William joined hands with Alexis and Jordan. He said, "Alexis let's get you off your feet. Jordan do you require anything?" She answered, "No, thanks for asking." William helped Alexis sit down, positioned her legs on the ottoman, and wiped away a stray tear on Alexis's cheek. When finished, he trailed light fingers down Alexis's legs and caressed her uninjured knee. William reached over and squeezed Jordan's hand before he took his seat.
Ryan started, "Luke Blackstone is notorious in the Werekind Wolf community. He and several of his siblings resettled from the west to the southeast. Blackstone makes the right appearances in the right circles, and he follows his own edicts minor enough not to be labeled a full rogue or outlaw. He favors several packs, and they back him." Marcus took over, "The Conclave keeps track of packs and bloodlines. The Blackstones are Werekind Red Wolves and an old bloodline which gives the family status and due consideration above normal. The majority of Werekind in this area of North America are timber, a few red, or a combination of European lines. Luke Blackstone has a registered marriage on record with our Conclave. No recorded request of a human brought in at the time you were with him. Blackstone can ask the Conclave for a ruling to raise your son if he knows your son is a proven Werekind, and you aren’t. Going to the Conclave directly gives him time to prepare if you bring a claim against him later. Someone is making inquiries of packs south and north of Blackstone's location about a human female fitting your description accused of subterfuge against the Werekind communities. In addition, we believe rogues are hunting you Alexis."
Alexis calmly stated, "Blake's father is a near outlaw and he and or members of his family may have killers looking for me. And Luke Blackstone may try and take my son through official channels if he knows Blake has Werekind abilities. Jordan and Tristan are targets also. Am I wrong?" Jordan told her sister, "If this situation was reversed. You would help. I don't blame you for the actions of others."
Ryan continued, "You're correct in your summary. Second issue, there's been another incident. One of Owen Miller's pack was attacked at Jordan's house by two Werekind rogues." Jordan asked, "How bad?" Ryan answered, "Sounded serious. A sealed envelope was found. Owen said he'll bring the message addressed to Alexis when he comes." Alexis spoke, "What are my options to stop this from affecting any more than the dozens and dozens already involved?" Ryan explained, "We don't hold you or your family responsible. This meeting is to provide identified information and come up with plans and choices. Any number of rogues may be out there hunting, and it's only a matter of time before the trail leads here. Alexis, you were attacked by Werekind, and you and your son lacked proper protection at that time. That's reprehensible." There was murmured agreement around the room. Ryan continued, "Protection from those preying on defenseless human, Werekind, and young is an obligation and not a choice." Those present endorsed their alpha in unison, and Marcus and Dylan echoed their resolve.
Standing quiet in the back, Kaden asked, "Do you remember who introduced you to Blackstone?" Alexis replied, "Yes. Her name was Jenna Rose Parker." Ryan explained, "It's against our code for Werekind especially an alpha to approach a lone human with no obvious Werekind connections. I'm not close enough to Blackstone to understand his motives or intentions." Marcus added, "Parker is a common name in this area. I suggest Alexis and Blake move from the area. Defending what amounts to this branch of the Monroe bloodline here is a huge risk." William said "I agree. Blackstone is resourceful and unpredictable." Ryan asked the group, "Options?" Kaden answered "Away from this region's Werekind Wolves and Werekind Coyotes. Our territories mingle enough for intelligence exchange and allows for easier access for undercover rogues and assassins." Ryan stated, "All movement into our territory and surrounding areas is considered suspect. Pass the word to defend pack at all cost with no exceptions. I want every capable defender pulled for security rounds and security of the lodge."
Dylan offered "I have a possible solution. I know a Northern Werekind Great Cat. A free spirit who didn't consider it strange to associate with a lone Arctic Werekind Wolf Hunter. Took me in for a time. He has a pack of lone Werekind Great Cats. Unusual for them to band together for any reason. It goes against their nature to cohabitate in common territory, and it was even stranger to accept me. Alone Great Cats are formidable; together they are a volatile force". Kaden joked with Dylan "You're well rounded, friends to all of the historical enemies of Werekind Wolves." Dylan added "It has its uses. Speaking of which, Bryce is an individual even I can't evade. I trust him, and there aren't many outside of this room I can say that about. We can ask him for sanctuary for the Monroes."
Jordan voiced, "Didn't we just do this? I left my house for Owen Miller to watch, and someone was hurt. I want Alexis and Blake away from harm but not at the expense of other lives." Alexis seconded her sister sentiment, "We're grateful for everything you've done and continue to do for us. This situation is snowballing fast." William said, "It's a lot to take in, and the pace of your exposure is tremendous. Unfortunately, we don't have time. Someone's made a move. Possibly for the containment of information or information for another's gain." Ryan expressed, "The culprit mounted a sweeping attack that involves Owen Miller's pack. Probably should tell you both, Owen Miller is Werekind Coyote. Alexis, he expressed interest in your sister." Less than pleased with Ryan's report of details, Jordan stated, "Anymore bombs you want to drop. I think I'm ready this time. Alexis is my sister not by messenger service. I'm my own person." Ryan smiled at Jordan's candor, "Please pardon the miscommunication. As alpha, I pass information to the head of the bloodline when multiples from the line are present. Alexis is your older sister, therefore she receives information concerning you from me. This system works for us. I suggest you study our laws and ways if you're with us for any length of time."
After Ryan patiently instructed a less than happy Monroe sister, Jordan said, "Heard of talking directly to the involved person. I find is cuts down on misunderstandings and conflicts." To defuse the disagreement, Alexis said, "We mean no disrespect of your ways and laws. We're under your protection and to leave is essentially a death sentence given the recent discussion. Keep in mind, this world, your world of Werekind is new to us. Remember there is more than your way, and those ways deserve equal respect. If we stay, we'll adapt and learn as we always have." With rare regret, Ryan bowed to Alexis's superior wisdom. Properly chastened, Ryan apologized, "I formally apologize Lady Alexis and Luna Jordan. I meant no disrespect."
Ryan thought Alexis clever to imply her family was forced to endure a less than understanding host or leave their protection and risk death. He realized the Monroe sisters were able to defend themselves using words and verbal maneuvers. Point received. The sisters used different tactics, and both were affective gaining results. He looked around the room at his present pack members and two Conclave representatives ready to teach him the meaning of proper manners. Ryan deferred to the Monroe sisters, "If you're agreeable, we'll contact Dylan's friend. I think it's a workable plan. Please take time to consider what’s been discussed."
Jordan followed as William carried Alexis out of the meeting. Alexis had fallen asleep, and Jordan fell on the bed next to her sister. William considered the sisters and went and got Mark. When they returned, both sisters slept soundly. William took off their shoes and covered them with a light cover.
Later, Jordan sat with her sister while Mark changed her dressing. Jordan held a warm mug of a calming blend of tea. Through half-mast eyes, she watched her sister bare her burdens quietly, and it was difficult to watch. Leaving Alexis alone and unsupported was not an option with the future unclear. Jordan closed her eyes and inhaled deeply. Mark turned at the sound and asked, "Jordan?" Alexis's sister opened her eyes and replied, "Deep thoughts. Overwhelmed and to be honest, unsettled." Mark offered, "Anything I can do?" Jordan answered "You've been more than kind providing a pair of fuzzy slippers, a cup of tea, and a shoulder rub, thank you." Alexis added, "Yes, we're grateful." Mark finished Alexis's dressing and said, "My honor. I'll check on both of you and save my breath asking and suggesting. You've been warned." With that announcement, he departed. Jordan asked, "Have you made up your mind?" Alexis adjusted to a more comfortable position and answered, "I'm leaning towards going. The reasoning makes sense. We're not far from Blackstone." Jordan said, "I'll do whatever's necessary."
Todd brought Blake in asleep over his shoulder. Jordan greeted, "Hi Todd," and rubbed her nephew's back. She continued, "What did you do to get him tired?" Todd laughed and answered, "Blake ran half the lodge playing catch me if you can. Randall and Tristan gave up and are playing computer games. He should be quiet. I'll come get him in a couple of hours or call if he gets rambunctious. Someone will hear and tell me." Alexis told Todd as he placed Blake on the bed, "You're good with him. I appreciate that." Todd shrugged off the compliment and said he'd check on them later. Todd and Jordan left the room.
Jordan was directed to William's office. She knocked on his door. It was opened by Arthur, and he asked, "What can we do for you?" Jordan entered the office where Kaden, William, and Allen were present and offered, "Another time will work for me." William motioned her in, "Come, please make yourself comfortable." Jordan sat down and the males waited. She announced, "We're all going together." Kaden raised his eyebrows and got up after receiving a nod from William. William sat back down and explained, "It will be difficult to guard your family with only two protectors. Dylan has asked for official leave from his Conclave duties and has volunteered to accompany us. I plan on going. Kaden, ask Dylan to plan for at least seven." Kaden told William, "Will do," and went in search of Dylan.
Jordan volunteered, "Tristan took a few self-defense classes, and he seems to have natural abilities." Arthur asked while he rubbed his multihued blond and brown close cut head, "Any other things stand out about Tristan?" Jordan paused then answered the question, "Protective, watchful, strong for his thin frame, highly intelligent, and has great night vision." The Weres in the room responded with a chorus of "Hmmms." Allen joined in the conversation and asked, "Any strong dislikes?" Jordan's brow furrowed at the line of questions. Hesitant, she answered, "Crowds, being confined for long periods of time. Says he has to breathe fresh air. Doesn't like coats or a lot of layers, overheats easily, and drips sweat at times. Why are you asking about Tristan?"
William took the question, "Dylan and Kaden picked up on behaviors specific to Werekind and Otherkind at your home and at Owen Miller's restaurant. Tristan has characteristics that suggest he's more than full human. This has no impact on our treatment of any of your family especially Tristan. He smells human, but a number of his behaviors say otherwise. If Tristan is in fact Werekind or Otherkind, he'll need guidance to adjust and manage new abilities. To function as a lone is difficult and is a strain on many different levels. Werekind and groups other than human rely on communities, packs, networks, or central overseeing systems. Will you allow Mark to determine if Tristan is Were, human blend, or Other?"
Jordan considered and answered, "As Tristan's guardian, I act as his advocate and ask to be present when the exam is done." William replied frankly, "Absolutely. The exam is witnessed by at least two Werekind or Otherkind plus a healer to substantiate the findings to our Conclave or other ruling bodies. I assure you, whatever the finding, you’ll remain Tristan's undisputed and recognized guardian. Tristan's status may change, and he'll be treated respectable whatever the outcome. The reason this exam is a good idea is no fault of Tristan's. He was challenged by Martin, a middle ranked Werekind Wolf, and Tristan took down Martin with little effort. The best course of action is a direct approach, examine and ask Tristan questions. Tristan could be a liability for others around him. In addition, he could be a danger to himself, if we don't identify his triggers, instinctive behaviors, or aversions. The sooner it's done the better. Will today work for you?"
Jordan responded, "I'll talk to Tristan before I agree. Where will we meet?" William answered, "Two hours in the basement great room. If you run into any problems contact me. Was there anything else?" Jordan asked, "I need to make several phone calls and make arrangements for my family, since we've been gone longer than expected. I also want to call Owen Miller." William asked Arthur to help the Monroes close up their homes and arrange for shipment and storage of their household belongings.
Before Jordan left William's office, Allen spoke up and offered, "It's within by rights to volunteer to shield those I choose, and I offer if you agree." Jordan replied, "A person has already been attacked at my house. To involve more is a potential risk for others." Allen told Jordan, "I'm aware of the risk." Point blank, Jordan asked Allen, "Why?" Sincere, Allen said, "This is the right thing to do. There are times in our lives to make choices, and this is one of those times for me. Do you accept?" William further explained, "Allen is strong and dedicated. We won't turn away regardless of the danger or possibility of death." Arthur added, "Allen is my friend, and he doesn't make rash decisions."
Jordan considered a short time and replied, "I accept Allen." Arthur said, "That's decided. Let's get your other business done." Jordan asked, "Can you give me a few minutes to talk to Tristan first?" In his upbeat manner, Arthur responded, "I'll be in the downstairs office most of the day. Come anytime. Ask anyone, I'm easy to find." With a pat on Jordan's shoulder, he was gone. Arthur updated Ryan on the changes in plans before going to his ground floor office.
Jordan called Owen Miller, and the phone was answered on the second ring. The individual who answered gave no information or identity. She asked, "Is this the right number to reach Owen Miller?" The speaker on the other end inquired, "May I ask who's calling?" Jordan responded, "I was given this number to use." The speaker responded, "One moment please, Madame." Rex informed his alpha that a Luna was on the line for him and would not give him her name. Owen thanked Rex and answered the phone, "Owen Miller." About to hang up with second thoughts, Jordan said, "Mr. Miller, this is Jordan Monroe." Owen stopped her and asked, "Please call me Owen. What can I do for you Luna Jordan?" He acknowledged Jordan's Werekind status by use of Werekind female respectful title shared by Werekind Coyote and Werekind Wolves. Jordan answered, "Owen, I found out about the attack at my house. I was wondering how that person is doing." Owen force down his still simmering anger concerning the vicious assault and answered, "The fault does not lie with you or yours. Thank you for asking about Ben. He hasn't pushed past those watching over him. His mend is slow. Our healer is diligent and hopeful. It is my pleasure to hear from you. Is there a matter that requires my assistance?" Jordan said, "This situation is affecting more than my family. I can't ask any more than you've already done." Owen responded, "You can. Have the Blue Lake use this number to coordinate whatever needs to be done. We have local contacts and can move everything along faster. It's my privilege to do what I can. I look forward to seeing you soon. Please call anytime." Jordan disconnected the empty dial tone.
One half hour after her phone call with Owen, Jordan and Tristan went to the basement great room. Mark, Ryan, and Kaden were already there. Ryan explained, "Tristan is not forced to be here. If either of you changes your mind at any time, we'll stop with no repercussions." Mark walked up and asked Tristan directly, "Are you okay with this? We'll assist in obtaining information to help you. If we're unable, we're willing to appeal to others on your behalf. We'll collaborate our finding to any ruling body."
Mark continued, "Tristan, do you agree to this examination of your own free will and are ready to hear the conclusions, and Jordan do you agree to this examination of your ward and are ready to hear the conclusions?" Tristan and Jordan both responded in kind to the Weres, "We agree." Ryan added, "The information imparted to you both is only under certain circumstances. If you're unsure whether to disseminate any new information, ask first and always. Our secrecy is the heart of our continuance and survival. Werekind and Otherkind are loyal to the end point of death."
Mark pulled up a chair and sat down in front of Tristan seated on a short bench. He collected his thoughts and used that time to assess Tristan. Then Mark asked, "Remove your shirt." Tristan complied with no qualms or hesitation. Mark walked around and took a quick survey of the young adult male's stature, physique, and body characteristics. The Blue Lake Healer assessed the array of scars, multiple tattoos of wings, and he saw a tall angelic faced well- muscled young man on the cusp of complete maturity into Werekind or Otherkind. The push of power from Tristan and an aura of otherworldliness ruled out the possibility of Tristan being full human even though his smell said different.
Mark asked, "Do you know what you are?" Tristan honestly answered, "No, but I know I'm not normal." Mark prompted, "Why is that?" Tristan hesitated. Mark switched tactics and asked, "Will it help if we reveal our Werekind side first? You're not being singled out for ridicule or base curiosity. Kaden, can you help us here?" Kaden got up, removed his clothes, and walked over to Mark and Tristan comfortable in his nudity. One minute Kaden was there in human form, the next he transformed by popping claws from all of his fingers and contorting his face to accept giant jaws and canines." Mark explained, "This is our first form or partial transformation, and the next will be the full form." Kaden crouched with wild eyes and mouth open with large sharp canines. His back arched, and he morphed into a large beautiful gray wolf. Kaden loped the few paces over to Tristan, smelled him, and trotted back and forth a minute before morphing back to his man form.
Kaden said as he dressed, "Cat as least in part. My transformation must have triggered a like response on a level." Jordan broke her stare from Kaden after he smiled her way. With warm cheeks, she redirected her gaze. Mark walked around Tristan again and studied the artwork and diagonal scars that marked Tristan's back. The healer asked, "Ever shift or change form?" Tristan responded, "No, I feel pressed in by my skin, and it ripples sometimes. And heat burns from inside of me. Sometime it's terrible especially at night. I dream of flying and having wings soaring high above the ground. And of large dark hunting cats and their night screams..." Tristan abruptly stopped talking. Mark put a hand on Tristan's shoulder and said, "We don't think it strange given our own abilities. Your back tattoos depict bird of prey imagery which parallels Kithe symbols of strength. Those on your arm mirror Dragon Blood Kin symbols of wings of flight and the veiled curtain between the worlds."
Mark evaluated the scars on the rest of Tristan's body and also paid particular attention to his ears, eyes, teeth, skin, hair, and fingernails. After one more long look at Tristan's back scars and measuring them against his own hand and finger span, he asked, "You have much pain in your injured leg?" Tristan said, "Nothing I can't handle."
Mark offered, "Your transformation should expedite your leg's healing." He turned and told the group, "I belief Tristan is of the Kithe as was at least one of his birth parents. There is also speculation a few Kithe are closely related to Dragon Blood Kin. The Kithe and Dragon Blood Kin are neither human or Were. They are separate groups of people, and legend has it the Kithe were dragon touched. Folklore has it a warrior of old didn't give the location of the silver dragon accused of taking a prince's jeweled sword. The infamous warrior and his band of men befriended a young dragon who ventured beyond the curtain that concealed the realm of dragons. The warrior knew the dragon as honest and knew his friend was not responsible for the theft. The prince's brother coveted the prince's sword and fabricated the story of the dragon's theft. The curious young dragon lived in the mountain pass by the mythical lands of Dragonkind and was often seen flying overhead. The prince sent spies to find those with knowledge of the dragon's den of treasures after the prince's brother claimed a witness saw the dragon with the prince's sword the day prior. The spies caught the warrior and his men leaving the silver dragon's company and followed. The warriors were confronted and the lead warrior called out a warning for the silver dragon to leave them. The warriors were overpowered and struck down one by one. The silver dragon refused to leave at the sounds of his friends' cries, and the young dragon stood over the bodies of the warriors. Spears and arrows assaulted him. The young silver dragon brushed away nearby enemies, and he bellowed a loud mournful cry heard by Dragonkind. An army of dragons responded to the young one's cry, and their numbers darkened the day sky. The attackers were brandished by dragon's fire, and their ashes met the earth. The warriors didn't die that day. Maybe they were marked by dragon's blood which rained down on them were they lay fallen, or maybe they were more than human to start. After that battle, the warriors and their offspring battled the line and protected the curtain that shielded the mystical world of Dragonkind. Some say even to these days. Those warriors, or the Kithe as they were later named, found favor with Dragonkind or Dragon Blood Kin. They were able to travel both sides of the curtain as either animal or man form. The original warrior avenged the silver dragon's name and in the end was presented with the prince's sword for finding the true villain. Those who knew if this is the actual account are no longer flesh. They live in legend. The true origins of the Kithe and Dragonkind can only be speculated. The Kithe are an entity onto themselves, and dragons or... Dragon Blood Kin dwell as true beings, though I have not personally witnessed any them." Once Mark finished the Kithe and Silver Dragon Legend, Ryan stated, "As you can see Mark is bard as well as healer."
Tristan asked, "Who are the Kithe and Dragon Kin aside from the legends?" Mark replied, "Few know much of the Dragon Blood Kin. The Kithe are a clandestine group of Otherkind who carry full shape shifting abilities and are able to change into one or two forms. As in the legend, they are a warrior class of guards, enforcers, protectors for the Otherkind ruling bodies, and others mainly in Europe and Asia. They are highly sought after for their loyalty and enforcing abilities. I have only met a few Kithe."
Mark continued, "Your abilities are probably suppressed because of past trauma indicated by the scars on your back. Also, you probably haven't been exposed to the right energy levels or types necessary to induce a transformation. I warn you and your guardian, the transformation process may be unpleasant and difficult if it works at all. Transmuting forms the first time is usually painful for several hours and may render a near coma state if successful. We'll stop if necessary. Tristan, you've experienced difficulties and severe symptoms. Suppression of your true being can have physical, emotional, and behavioral manifestations. Add in an influx of hormones, rapid growth, the stress of passing into the boundaries of adulthood plus suppressed need to alter base code has the earmarks of short fused explosives. Tristan, that combination is dangerous for you and others who come in contact with you. Controlling your powerful abilities and strengths as well as your weaknesses and triggers is important. We can help determine if you can change shape. Are you willing for us to induce your change?"
Kaden confirmed, "Mark, your assessment is what Dylan and I suspected when we first met Tristan. I felt he was more than human, and there was an edge of volatility and power that was palpable. Tristan, are you conscious of the offensive position you present to others? Like your experience when you met Owen Miller? The White River Coyote Alpha showed significant restraint when you didn't immediately drop your stare from his. He was within his right to drop you blooded where you stood without a second thought and believe me he's more than able." Ryan told Tristan and Jordan both, "We can provide information to help you all survive and function in the Werekind world. As for the Kithe or Dragonkind, our information is limited and minimal. Tristan we can sponsor and back your claim of being Otherkind, which will open doors for you if you and Jordan agree. When you come of age, the offer stands for you as it does now. This is your decision, and we won't rush you.
Jordan spoke up, "I won't stop Tristan from learning fully about himself. He’s of age to make this decision, and I don't doubt his ability to make the right choice. I'm Tristan's guardian, but he's in control of his own life." Mark asked. "Do you want to precede Tristan?" With no hesitation, Tristan answered, "Yes, I'm ready." Mark explained, "Don't expect to understand the full process you're going through. This may overtax your known limitations and realities. Open your mind to your ability to change forms when your mind tells you that it's not possible. You won't be left alone at any time during this process. We recognize Jordan's significant role in your life, and she won't be excluded. Any other questions I can answer before we start?"
Tristan considered and asked, "I have a couple of questions. How long will the process take? And if I change, will I be the same? Better yet, will I change back? I should ask while I'm still able." Mark said, "All good questions. The process for Werekind only takes a handful of minutes. I expect the same here, although that's only a conservative estimation. Will you be the same after? I'll ask you after your transformation. I don't know. I can't speak for the Kithe. For Werekind, the change is an extension of how we're meant to experience life, an expression of who we wholly are. Last, if you transition one direction, the path is there to return to your present form."
The Werekind group positioned themselves around Tristan. Mark called Jordan over and said, "Your presence will help anchor and support Tristan." Tristan took and squeezed Jordan's hand, and she looked into his eyes and knew this was indeed the right thing to do. Ryan faced Tristan and placed his hands at the junction of Tristan's neck and upper back, and Mark told Tristan, "Close your eyes, relax, and feel the change in every fiber of you being." Ryan spoke close to Tristan's ear, "The change is close. Leave fear behind and carry the change through. The time is now. Accept it and live fully."
Tristan shot up on his toes, his body rigid and stiff. Ryan and Kaden each caught one of his shoulders and lowered him onto the thick floor mat. Mark directed, "Focus on a center point in your mind's eye. You're accepted here." Jordan knelt close to Tristan and pushed thoughts of strength and courage towards her ward. Mark grasped Jordan's right hand. He placed it over Tristan's heart and the rest followed suit, ended with Ryan's hand on top.
Tristan's skin was first cold then warm, near freezing then steaming hot, and his body was a wave of tremors for a time. Firm, Mark said, "Focus." Tristan's tremors stopped, and he went dead still. His opened eyes were glazed in freshly wrought tears.
Mark recognized the moments before Tristan's transformation and asked everyone to move away from him. Mark pulled himself and Jordan above Tristan's head, and Ryan and Kaden remained on his opposite sides.
Tristan's eyes changed into elliptical shaped pupils followed by his skin changing. In his next eye blink, descending row upon row of scale chains rapidly merged. The moment his entire skin surface was covered in scale armament, Tristan burst through his clothing and transmuted into a large golden eagle with eye pupil's dark as night's cloak. He didn't hold that form long before he changed into a large lean night cat coated in thick sable fur the same color as his hair. In that form, he blinked large hazel eyes with pupils again elliptical shaped. The form of the cat was held longer and finally he settled back into his human skin.
Kaden said what others were thinking, "That's a lot of power to be bottled up inside an individual. He has to feel relief to let it all free. Tristan is extremely strong to deny that amount of power from consuming him from the inside out. Balancing forces have played a part in helping him maintain any sense of normalcy. Looks like Tristan's strongest form is the cat and follows his current behaviors and tendencies." Mark covered Tristan's shivering body, and Jordan scooted forward and smoothed Tristan's hair. Ryan said, "He's strong. If he was able to deal with this on his own and stayed whole, I'm confident in his abilities to see this through to completion." Mark echoed those thoughts, "He was strong before his transformations. He'll have to pull from that strength to endure these life changing processes. Even though his mind is hardwired to function with transmutation, Tristan has lived a human life in his formative years. I agree with Kaden. Jordan, you're a stabilizing force in his life. However hard Tristan's first changes were, I know your presence made it easier for him." Mark saw Jordan's tears and gently said to her, "It's never easy watching a loved one suffer no matter the reason. Why don't you rest and process this yourself. The three of us will take turns watching over Tristan. One of us will get you as soon as he wakes up. We'll take him up to his room.
Jordan thought as she walked the lodge and stopped in a small quiet den. She was emotionally wrung out, and her energy was zapped. She slipped off her shoes and decided on a short nap. Jordan intended to check on Tristan, but sleep won out. She slept soundly unaware of the rally of support by the Blue Lake members to watch over her family.
White River Werekind Coyote Territory
Owen held an impromptu meeting at Ben's bedside before he left for the Blue Lake Lodge. Rex, the head of security, said to Owen, "I have footage you need to see. There's been activity around Jordan Monroe's house." Rex spoke as the surveillance recording played, "There was a delivery service van with a vague decal by Jordan Monroe's home several times, a person who paid particular attention to the door handles, and that same person breaking a neck looking in windows. The most interesting individual was a visitor two nights in a row." On the screen, a shadowy figure was seen walking around Jordan's house. Rex continued, "We were able to clean up the image and got a good picture of the individual." Rex took some photos from a folder and handed them around the room. Everyone recognized the image as a notorious rogue. Owen commented aloud, "Seth Lewis. I don't want anyone going near that psychopath alone. If anyone picks up his trail, monitor his activities and report back. We'll hunt him if he goes after any of ours or those under our protection. First the Blue Lake Werekind Wolves and a Conclave Hunter, now a dangerous rogue assassin interested in an unassuming human family in White River Coyote territory. What is this about? Seth Lewis is connected with Werekind rogues and is associated with death and disorder. For Seth Lewis to make an appearance here is telling how dangerous this situation is. Tony, were you able to find anything else important?" Tony answered, "Actually pretty dull expect for a couple of things. Jordan's ward was in a car accident not long ago that killed his best friend Brett Woods with hints of Werekind involvement. Also, Jordan's sister traveled in and around the southeastern Werekind territories several years back. I don't think it's a coincidence that there's a contract on a human female accused of subterfuge along with all the interest in the Monroes."
Rex commented, "The message left at Jordan's house was addressed to Alexis and not Jordan which leads to the connection of the contracted individual and Alexis Monroe being one and the same." Owen asked Tony a single word question, "Who?" Tony responded, "I can't substantiate it. Rumor has it Luke Blackstone put out the contract." Owen commented, "I want to know if anyone associated with Luke Blackstone is in this area. Watch them well if any are found. I want to be absolutely positive of the person responsible for attacking one of ours. I'll see what I can find out at the Blue Lake Lodge. Wonder if the name Luke Blackstone means anything to Alexis Monroe?"
As an incentive for Ben to focus on his healing, Owen told him, "By the way Ben, you're partnered with Graham until you're able to work alone again." Having fine-tuned an ability to drive his fellow associate beyond his patience, Graham commented to Ben with a smirk on his face, "Guess we'll be spending some time together brother coyote." Owen waited for Ben's response before leaving the room. Ben pulled the words from his mouth, "I have no words to express my gratitude and thanks." Undaunted by Ben's less than enthusiastic response, Owen answered, "No problem at all. The sooner you're well, the sooner you'll be able to work on your own. No offense Graham." Graham answered in his good natured way, "None taken." Owen could leave knowing Ben would be unable to sneak off on his own and get himself killed or injured worse than he currently was. Graham was better than the best super glue when it came to an assignment and protecting his fellow pack members which freed Owen to focus on other matters.
Blue Lake Werekind Wolf Territory
Jordan woke covered in a blanket and with a pillow under her head someone else had placed. She threw off the cover and sat up. Mark said, "No rush, Tristan is sleeping." He continued, "Ryan's with him now. Before you ask, your sister and nephew are resting." Mark sat back in his chair and leaned his head back. He asked, "Do you want to talk? This whole situation including what happen to your sister, identifying your Werekind heritage, and Tristan's recent transformations is a lot to deal with." Jordan concurred and said, "When I think I'm getting on top of what's happening, I hit another revolving door. I don't know where I'm going to end up and don't know what I'll face when the door stops and opens. My sister and I've lived a life where we were forced to assimilate and adapt in new situations and places fast because of frequent moves when we were younger. Things became strained, and the family was never the same after our brother died young. Our father immersed himself in work. Our mother was present but not happy, depressed. Alexis and I have been on our own since she was twenty, and I was almost eighteen years old after our parents died in a house fire. I was at a friend's house and Alexis was away at college when it happened. I've tried to push that tragic time deep and avoid thinking about it, but I can't drive away the image of standing in front of the smoldering ruins of my family home calling for my Mom and Dad."
After a pause, Jordan continued, "I lost some ground that night and almost dropped completely away. Alexis helped me hold on. No matter what happens, I'll support my sister. This is hard, but I've seen the edge of darkness. I'll manage now." Mark tucked Jordan's story away to share with his alpha and seconds and said, "You and your sister are survivors and won't deal with this alone. You have a pack's help and resources. Ready to check on Tristan? I'm Ryan's relief and headed that way."
Tristan changed form several more times following his initial change, and he slept deep longer than Mark's initial estimation. Tristan's system finally reached homeostasis, and he retained his human form again. Ryan, Carl, Todd, and Randall were crammed into Tristan's small assigned lodge room. Pack didn't endure hardship alone, and Tristan and the Monroes were treated as pack. For the Werekind, Tristan was seen as a transitioning young who required extra attention and care regardless of his decision otherwise. With his back leaning on the wall, Randall tapped away on a small electronic device while he sat on the floor. Todd sat on the floor next to the door and was eating the Werekind equivalent of popcorn, assorted small bites of jerky meat.
Carl spoke softly to his brother, "How's Tristan going to fit in our hierarchy with him being Otherkind?" Ryan answered, "We'll make certain allowances to keep him and those around him safe. He's untrained and unstable and until he learns control isn’t safe for challenges. Although he's older than the standard age for transitioning Werekind, that's what he is. Given his age and abilities, he's in limbo. Since Martin challenged him, we'll keep his current rank above Martin and below you and those around your level. Tristan will learn that a challenge is only one aspect of moving up our hierarchy. He'll have to earn trust, loyalty, and leadership skills to function with those around him."
Randall said, "Who has the job of keeping Tristan out of harm's way. He's testy and avoidance is not his middle name?" Todd shook his head and knew Randall placed himself on the alpha's 'Tristan project' by naming the concern, and Ryan didn't disappoint. He informed Randall, "Until it's determined he's stable, you're his contact if his guardian agrees. You have a reprieve. Tristan and the Monroes are leaving soon. As you know, your father died early in his life. Adam was a formidable individual. We invited you to nurture your inherited capabilities and potential."
Randall conceded and said, "Alpha, thank you for the opportunity." Randall didn't voice his whole thought out loud. He thought, "Thank you for the opportunity of being contact to an insanely powerful, grumpy, unstable, newly transitioned Otherkind not looking for any new friends." Engrossed in his snacks, Todd risked a glance up, caught his alpha's eye and received his answer. Ryan told Randall, "I have two in mind who will assist you in this assignment, and they're both here. This assignment requires a team approach. But you're primary on this Randall."
Soon after, Carl noticed Tristan's open eyes and told him, "Welcome back." Tristan took his hands and rubbed his face then let them drop back down on the bed. Ryan suggested to Tristan, "You'd probably feel better if you shower. We can clear out if you want soon time alone." In a near daze state, Tristan rolled to his side and hung an arm over the bed. Randall understood Tristan was weak from multiple changes and had not replenished his bottomless pit for a while. Now Tristan's ferocious appetite could be explained. Randall asked, "Are you hungry?" Tristan remained quiet, and Todd asked, "Should we get Mark? Tristan didn't move at the mention of food." Mark answered from the doorway, "Jordan and I are here." With initiative, Randall pushed up from the floor and announced, "I'll get food." Todd moved his legs out of the way of foot traffic but sat as an unmovable fixture on Tristan's floor, and Mark and Jordan maneuvered around him. Ryan and Mark changed places, and Carl stood up and offered his chair. Before Ryan left, he mentioned Tristan's new contacts and asked Mark to explain the plan to Jordan.
Mark pulled a chair closer to the bed for Jordan, and he sat in the one vacated by Carl. Jordan stroked Tristan's hair and asked, "Are you okay?" Tristan answered quietly, "Not real sure." He rolled back and pushed up on an elbow. Mark gently offered, "Give it time. I heard Ryan mention a shower. Sounds like a good idea." Carl offered, "Mark will explain. The alpha named Randall, Todd, and me as your contacts here at the lodge Tristan. You have any problems, questions, or concerns, seek us out." Todd explained, "You can have all the space you want until it's seen you're not in control, and then you’ll have a short leash on independence in a pack." Tristan said what Jordan was thinking, "We're not pack." Mark replied, "Live in a human community, live by human laws, rules, and practices. Live in a Werekind community, live by Werekind rules, laws, and practices. Tristan, it's our way to treat you as a transitioning young which includes extra support and that's what Carl was discussing about contacts. First contact is peer support and helps foster bonds and a team approach to solve problems and concerns. That practice mimics the overall pack system. Jordan, you're Tristan's guardian, and the contact system is a supplement always to you first. The goal is a support system for Tristan through the time after his initial change and until he's in full control. If you don't find this acceptable, we'll work with you until we all find a process that works for both parties. For you Jordan, talk to anyone you feel comfortable with, and a couple of us will check with you on a regular basis."
Randall came back with food. Tristan ate, showered, and he was not left alone to falter. Tristan and the Monroes were surrounded by a supportive Werekind pack that helped them transition into a new and perplexing world which wasn’t always kind or gentle.
****
The Blue Lake Lodge received the first of those arriving to assist the Monroes. Bryce Kilmer was a large and direct tawny haired Werekind Great Cat with soft brown eyes. He wore his power and lethal talents mantled gracefully on his broad shoulders. His companion Eric Andre Morris had a solid exterior able to back up his daring spirit and incisive edged attitude. The sun caught the brittle brilliance of Eric's green eyes, a stark contrast to his dark hair as he and Bryce walked up the steps of the Werekind Wolf Blue Lake Lodge. The visitors followed Peter and were preceded by Jared and Monica. Peter was quiet and reserved most of the time and had dark hair and hazel eyes. More gatekeeper than welcome committee, he said in a rough graveled voice, "You're restricted to the first floor common rooms and your suites. Don't enter closed doors you haven't been invited to enter. Kaden and Dylan are your contacts. If they're not available, I'm assigned to the first floor and will be around," with a strong implied 'don't bother me'. Peter faced Bryce and Eric and dragged out, "Welcome to the Blue Lake Lodge," then he turned his back on the visitors again.
Eric lifted an eyebrow and met Bryce's gaze at Peter's strong Werekind Cat behaviors. Both raised their noses and scented the air. Jared anticipated Peter's next move, dodged around the Werekind Cats, and caught the door which Peter neglected to hold open for the newcomers. Jared spared Bryce and Eric from being hit by the heavy door. Once inside, Jared and Monica relieved Peter. Monica offered, "Peter has a different approach, and his actions are in no way a negative reflection on either of you." Jared added, "He has his own way." 
Bryce commented as he followed Peter's retreating back, "We don't find his behavior inflammatory. In fact for us, his behavior is not unusual." Monica suggested, "Please follow me to the welcome room," and the topic of Peter's ways was diverted for the moment.
Dylan was warmly greeted by Bryce and Eric, and they were introduced to the others in the room. Dylan said, "There's been a slight change in plans. Owen Miller, Alpha of the White River Coyote Territory, will be here soon and has a message for Alexis. That information is vital before we move the Monroes. We believe the message was left by Luke Blackstone, who may be responsible for the attacks on Alexis and the individual who guarded Jordan's house in White River Coyote Territory."
Bryce spoke after intently listening, "So this situation is cutting through Werekind Wolves, Werekind Coyotes, and now Werekind Cats? Which I don't have a problem taking on. We collectively must stand for the unprotected and those unable to fight this wrong." Eric reviewed the plan, "The Monroes are being moved to safeguard them from rogue hunts and whatever Blackstone or others come up with?" Ryan answered, "Luke Blackstone's territory isn't far and word has filtered here of those looking for a woman fitting Alexis's description. It's only a matter of time before this crosses into our territory. No response to Luke Blackstone inquiries is an answer all the same. As one alpha to another, Blackstone can formally ask to either travel through our territory, or he can risk sending rogues for an unsanctioned resolution of issues at the expense of those intercepted by us. We're not willing to endanger what amounts to the whole Monroe bloodline in one location this close to their probable enemy." Marcus said, "The Werekind Wolf Conclave isn't part of this situation yet, because we don't know who's involved. I'm filtering through information concerning Luke Blackstone and others interested in his affairs judiciously. Once the Monroes leave here, I'll continue my normal duties. I’ll stay in contact with Ryan and Dylan and pass on new information I receive from the Conclave to them."
Ryan told Bryce and Eric, "A couple of things you should know before you commit. These things weren't prudent for discussion over the phone. First, Alexis's young is Luke Blackstone's son." Bryce replied, "Interesting, a slight complication. This situation grows more intriguing." Ryan continued, "Also, Alexis's sister, Jordan is guardian to a mature young recently identified as Otherkind in part. He went through his first transition yesterday and is able to shift into eagle and night cat forms. Those conditions make the Monroes vulnerable with the injuries to Alexis, Alexis's son lacking a proper shield and known pack association, and Tristan's newly transitioned state. Alexis's sister is strong, but this is more than she can handle alone." Dylan spoke, "Throw in, the Monroes carry the ancient Dar Werekind bloodline, and the Dar line was decimated because of their power positions and abilities in the past. The Monroes are important for the protection of their possible and probable abilities which I have witnessed." William added, "The Monroes are special, and I'll stake my life to defend them."
More elemental and open to natural unseen forces, Bryce said, "A remarkable set of circumstances continues to progress under its own momentum." Eric commented, "This has been touched by fate's fingers." Bryce responded, "Such a mystery and intrigue can't be denied by our curious nature. We only have to watch over two females and two young?" With a hint of a smile, Kaden said, "If you want to look at it that way, yes." Eric surmised, "I take it at least one of the four will be a challenge?" Kaden offered, "Tristan is unpredictable." Bryce added "We have plenty of experience in that arena. We will confront this situation in whatever manner it presents." William added, "Of the four, Jordan may present the largest challenge. There is no foretelling the amount of mischief she may stir." Eric said, "One near human woman shouldn't be a problem in a lair full of Werekind Great Cats." Bryce listened, but he didn't comment. Ryan suggested, "Let's wrap this up, if there are no other major concerns until Owen's arrival."
****
As Alexis reached under the bed for Blake, she was body snatched off the floor, flipped in the air, and her startled lips were brushed with a kiss. William asked, "I take it Blake's under the bed?" Alexis inhaled her surprise and responded, "Yes, he disappeared under there fast. I'm use to looking after him." William walked to a chair and placed Alexis in it. Then he went to the room's door and bellowed, "Todd." After his shout, William squatted in front of Alexis and softly reprimanded, "What about your wounds?" Alexis answered, "I'm feeling better and didn't want to bother anyone." William replied, "I understand you want to handle your responsibilities. This situation isn't easy and tests your independence. But..." Todd entered the room and cut off William's admonishment. William never took his eyes off Alexis as he told Todd, "Blake's under the bed." Todd dropped to the floor, moved back and forth on his stomach, tried to capture Blake, and exclaimed, "Ouch tiny beast." Even small Werekind fought hard to maintain claimed territories. William glanced over his shoulder, exhaled a long breath and said to Alexis, "Give me a few moments." William lifted the bed which allowed Todd to spring and grab hold of Blake. Blake laughed at all the action. Todd play growled and gently jostled Blake in side to side motions, and Blake laughed and shrieked happy sounds. William asked Alexis, "Is it alright if Todd keeps an eye on Blake? We should have a discussion before you meet our guests." Alexis answered "Sure, I know Blake is fine in Todd's care." Todd gave a quick shallow bow and replied, "My honor Lady Alexis." Todd acknowledged Alexis's level of trust in him. An expression of trust for Werekind was valued as it strengthened pack ties.
William sat by Alexis and explained, "Essentially you, your sister, Blake, Tristan, and any other relatives you have are a pack and a bloodline which could be an offshoot of another bloodline or pack and so on. Marcus and Dylan from the Werekind Wolf Conclave checked and didn't find any information about anyone with the last name Monroe related to any of you, and that leads us to believe a few strong possibilities. Some of your relatives in the past changed their name. Less likely, their name has been removed from the records at the Conclave, or their name was never added in the first place. And last, the answer to that question about your family's origins may never be known. Regardless, unknown information holds no merit for your family's status now. You and your family are seen as a separate free standing pack. As the oldest, you're seen as head of that pack and with that status you will be addressed first before the others. We'll need to have this conversation in depth with your sister before you and yours officially meet other Werekind in formal situations including the Conclave. I don't believe I'm saying anything unreasonable if I point out, Jordan is brash and can push limits at times. I don't feel she's totally off mark. I mean no offense and am only stating observations. In fact, Jordan exhibits many Werekind Wolf behaviors, but at times timing matters. In what we Werekind view as formal matters, we as a whole stay neutral. At times, we struggle to maintain our civil state, and we can easily cross boundaries and become boundless and violent. Your sister in fact is much like us, volatile, passionate, holding strong believes and opinions. In other words, she's Were, without our established protocols. Alexis, you're a natural and already are even tempered and cautious. You show calm during difficult situations and no doubt will continue to do so. Your transition into our world may be easier for you than for Jordan, if you all decide to stay in Werekind society. Only time will tell. Right now, I'll give you direction and information about our formal situations and expectation of those involved. Kaden will provide the same information to Jordan."
Alexis commented, "Jordan is a fair person. She can push at times. Ultimately, her actions are to help not hinder. She will stand up for what she believes is right and support it with every fiber of her being. We both have strong convictions, but we have different methods for accomplishing our goals. We have polar styles." William affirmed, "In the short time I have known you both, I agree. Both of you have the skills necessary to navigate Werekind systems and nuances. Let's go over a few essentials before the meeting."
William explained, "A female can lead or head a pack. Strength is a matter of will, intelligence, fortitude, and resilience. Werekind males can physically challenge each other as it has always been. The rules are different for females. They don't normally challenge, although it has happened occasionally in our history. Females may be born to lead or head a pack when it's evident that their push of power is above all of those around them. Their strength of overall abilities outweighs the physical aspect, and Werekind males will respect and defend them if others challenge their positions. Females may hold any position including sentry and security and aren’t limited to old hearth rules. It's the right thing for us to protect you and your family. Both you and your sister are like those I described. Neither of you will lack support or backing."
William continued, "Werekind limit information which can be disseminated on to sources unknown. Don't feel pressured into giving information you don't want to give. If you don't want to answer, change the topic. Be direct and tell whomever you won't answer. If you don't know how to answer, tell the asker you'll get back with them. You will be addressed formally as is your due and to address you otherwise after you've been introduced as head of your pack is an insult. If you feel insulted or threatened, end the meeting. Ask the offending party to leave, or take a break and ask our advice on how the situation should be handled. You will be addressed initially as Luna or Lady, used primarily by Werekind Coyotes and Werekind Wolves. Another acceptable title is Rayna used by Werekind Great Cats, and the use of Madame extends over all Otherkind and Werekind groups. After the acknowledgment of your status, use of first name is acceptable. Direct eye contact is the best rule and rely on your natural good instincts. A show of force by any visitor will be returned in kind to them, and those unable to protect themselves will be removed. If that's not possible, they will be shielded as much as possible from the confrontation. We will back your decisions and provide whatever support you require. Even though the discussion today or in the future may involve your son or Jordan's ward, neither of them will be exposed to a possible threat if it can be prevented. Remember, both you and Jordan have the final say in all your decisions. Another thing, Tristan may disagree with his current status. When he's stable and competent, he'll be able to make his own decisions."
William stood up, walked around the room, and thought about the best way to broach the subject of possible suitors. Alexis patiently waited for him to begin the discussion again. After a short time, William spoke again, "Werekind have higher numbers of males which increased the competition for available partners." Being wolf natured, William decided on a direct approach. He knelt in front of Alexis and said, "I know we haven't officially spoken about our mutual attraction to one another. With everything you're going through, it's not the time to make..." Alexis stopped William by placing a finger by his lips. William's heart slowed to an almost stop at the possible abrupt ending to his match hunt. Rarely at a disadvantage, he waited for Alexis's acceptance or dismissal. With emotion, Alexis spoke, "Your actions are honorable and caring. I have no doubt about your intentions however strange and sudden it's happened." Alexis caressed William's raven dark hair and his face from right cheek to chin. William leaned into Alexis's hand. He pressed his hand to hers and closed his eyes in that special moment. Alexis whispered, "Our lives are connected." William opened his eyes and kissed Alexis's fingers. He answered, "Yes we are."
Meanwhile, Tristan indicated to his contacts he wanted time alone and leaned on the banister of the entrance hall. He followed his instinctual call to watch and observe, stronger since his transformation. With no warning, Tristan freefell over the banister with his arms out to his sides mimicking wings and dropped with a resounding reverberation which was picked up by many at the lodge. Carl watched Tristan's movements on the central security monitors and said, "Tristan's on the move out the main door heading south acting wild. Don't know what he senses or if he just needs to run." Arthur jumped up and said as he ran, "Contact the south sector sentries, Kaden, and Ryan. I'll contact you if I need backup." Fast for any Werekind, Arthur went to intercept Tristan. Eric and Bryce sensed the disturbance in the wolf lair, and they were on the move toward the sound. Peter met up with Eric and Bryce and told them the one responsible for the commotion was the newly transitioned male. Aware of the disturbance, the other lodge members continued their regular tasks until they were called to duty.
Tristan's run was slowed by his injured leg and being hit occasionally by low branches. He stumbled at times, and his gait was irregular due to uneven ground, downed limbs, and rocks. Tristan's senses were swamped by sounds, colors, and smells. Otherkind focused eyes peered from his drawn face, and his feet ate up the ground with the need to run. Tristan felt unrestrained energy push past his normal control.
Also fleet of foot, the two Werekind Cats followed closely behind Arthur who was followed by Peter. Bryce called out, "Let him run out the initial burst." Not sensing any other immediate danger, Arthur slowed his pace. Tristan abruptly stopped at a ridge which overlooked a lower valley. Wild eyed, he squeezed his fists closed and looked around at those who had pursued him. Bryce advised, "Give him space," and the group didn't approach Tristan any further.
Tristan turned back to the view, and his posture relaxed after several minutes. He cocked his head side to side and tried to decipher what he was seeing and interpret what he was feeling. Arthur alerted the lodge of the current situation and called off the south team intercept. Bryce explained that the normal practice of direct confrontation would result in strips of skin lost by those involved, and he gave the information in a past experience manner. He further explained that transitioning Otherkind youth were more explosive than any Werekind, and they needed plenty of room to run so pressing explosive energy was released. Bryce shared his personal experience with the Kithe and included their common dueling cat natures.
Alerted by Carl, Randall and Todd jogged out to the group. Arthur told Bryce, Eric, and Peter they could head back to the main lodge and thanked them for their actions and information. Ten minutes later, Tristan jogged towards the lodge and was trailed by Arthur, Randall, and Todd.
Back in the lodge entrance hall, Tristan stopped and allowed Randall and Todd to catch up to him, and Arthur moved on and left the young males to handle the situation. Tristan pushed back his restlessness. He refocused and processed the loud echoing of Todd and Randall's booted footsteps on the floor of the entrance hall as they drew closer. A kaleidoscope of vast details reached his eyes, and he viewed bright energy halos around Todd and Randall's bodies. A sudden snap back moved Tristan from his yet to be tamed other side which visibly jarred his body.
Randall narrowed his eyes and assessed Tristan's current mood and manner, and both he and Todd walked up to Tristan once they received signals of acknowledgement and approval to approach. Neither commented on Tristan's body language of clear pain given his current stance that took weight off of his injured leg. Furthermore, they wouldn't suggest the pain had anything to do with jumping from a height of the second floor banister and stressing that healing limb by running full out on it. If Tristan mentioned pain, he would be directed to see Mark. Now was not the time to joke or poke fun, because Tristan was clinging to stability by his wild side's claws. Pack supported the newly transformed and helped when possible and necessary.
Tristan requested to see Jordan. Randall and Todd tracked her using their better developed sense of smell. Jordan was found sipping a cup of hot tea and reading a book in the main level kitchen/gathering room. Jordan looked up and saw Tristan's state with his disarrayed hair, new scratches on his arms and hands, heavy thought lined face, and tense posture. She put down her book, slipped off the stool, and directly approached Tristan with no hesitation. She looped an arm around Tristan's waist and gave him a quick hug.
Jordan reached up and righted sections of Tristan's windblown and snagged hair. She pulled out a few twigs and pieces of brush debris from his hair that she could reach without a fuss from Tristan, and she sought to soothe his furrowed brow with gentle fingertips. Jordan didn't press Tristan for information or push him to talk. She stood with him in support and comfort.
Not wanting to intrude, Todd said, "We'll see you later." Normally talkative, Randall leaned on a counter and waited quiet. Jordan replied, "That's okay. I was getting ready to make some lunch. Would you like a sandwich?" Todd, Randall, and lastly Tristan answered an affirmative. Jordan sat the young males down and poured their drinks of choice. She used a loaf of bread and several pounds of sliced meat and cheeses to feed their monstrous appetites. Both used good Werekind manners, and they didn't refuse food offered by a mother as Jordan was classified given her relationship with Tristan. Randall and Todd politely accepted and grudgingly ate one piece each while Tristan gorged on four oranges, assorted berries, two apples, and even a lemon. The young Werekind males shot Tristan incredulous looks of disbelieve at his consumption of tray garnish materials and food seasonings as fruit was used by Werekind Wolves. Jordan picked up on Randall and Todd's shocked looks of Tristan ate fruit like his current mission was to prevent scurvy at any cost.
Normal Werekind Wolf food intake included large amounts of meat of any kind, cheeses, milk products, grains like barley and oats, bread, a few vegetables, and little if any fruit. Jordan engaged Tristan, Randall, and Todd in light conversation which included the common Werekind diet. She attempted to draw Tristan out of his moodiness and unsettled state.
Later that day, Alexis and Jordan waited in a central meeting room with representatives from the Conclave and lead members of the Blue Lake Pack. Peter and Kaden directed the guests into the meeting room. Ryan stood and welcomed the Werekind Coyotes to the Blue Lake Lodge, thanked the Werekind Great Cats for their presence, and introduced the other head of pack present as Lady Alexis and her sister Luna Jordan. Owen addressed Ryan first, because they were on Werekind Wolf territory before he said to Alexis, "It's a privilege to meet you Lady Alexis. I met your sister Luna Jordan recently. I hope you both and yours are all well." Owen held Jordan's gaze for a long moment before he continued, "It's unfortunate to meet under these circumstances." Owen introduced Rex and Brand and stepped back, so Bryce and Eric could introduce themselves. Bryce and Eric both addressed Alexis and Jordan as Rayna, and they both kept their greeting short, because they would have plenty of time to talk to them soon.
Ryan said, "To the business at hand. We all are involved in a situation affecting the Monroes and includes the Blue Lake Pack, the White River Community, and Bryce and his lair mates of Moon Ridge. This is the time to exchange information for those who will." Owen went first and said, "Lady Alexis, we of the White River Werekind Coyotes intercepted a message addressed to you while we provided watch over your sister's property. Full protocol was maintained, and the contents of the message remain intact and undisturbed. We will provide all of the information we found associated with the discovery of the message." Owen motioned Rex forward with the case which held a Hunter's knife and the envelope addressed to Alexis Monroe. Owen received the envelope from Rex and asked Alexis, "May I hand you the envelope or do you prefer another to handle the matter?" Owen proved the envelope was not harmful by handling it himself, and he gave Alexis the courtesy by giving her a choice to decide whether she trusted him or not. The move was telling for Alexis to see Owen, an alpha, perform the task himself even with her limited knowledge of Werekind protocol.
Jordan watched the proceedings quietly after her conversation with Kaden earlier. William stood in front and to the right side of Alexis's chair. The present Werekind recognized William as Alexis's protector and or Alexis's selected. Alexis allowing William to hold that specific position was all the information required by those present. Any who approached her knew to approach from the right and pass William's arm of protection. Even if William or another was not present in that position, in the future that same respectful protocol would be followed. Alexis answered, "Thank you for delivering this message and for everything you've done for my family. We're grateful." Owen made a small bow and said in formal speech, "You and yours are most welcome." Alexis decided and announced, "I'll take the letter." Owen looked from Alexis exuding her palpable power and looked at Ryan, next to William, Jordan seated by her side, Kaden and Allen standing in support of the sisters behind them, and finally to Dylan and Marcus standing to the left of Jordan. Owen recognized the Monroes had the full support of the Blue Lake Pack and other strong individuals.
Alexis received the sealed manila envelope, and Rex put the box holding the Hunter's blade at her feet. A weapon was not exchanged by any hand in a formal setting. Owen explained, "The message was secured to your sister's front door by a Hunter's blade and remains in the state we found it. We ensured it didn't carry any harmful properties or surveillance devices. Rex and Brand checked the area surrounding the message for scents, and their knowledge and my own are available to you when and if you need it. The box at your feet holds the Hunter's blade." Owen expressed, "Madame, I offer open doors and territory. Our resources are at your disposal. It will be a privilege to become more acquainted with you and your family." Owen asked, "Jordan, may I speak to you after the meeting if your schedule allows?" Jordan considered briefly and replied, "Yes, Owen." Ryan wrapped up and asked, "Does any other have matters to bring forth?" Owen responded, "The Blue Lake Lodge and the Monroes, we of the White River Communities offer our full support in resolving our mutual problems." Ryan replied, "Owen, we accept your offer. Alexis, Jordan?" Alexis replied mimicking Ryan's answer with a twist, "We accept your offer if you also accept our offer to assist you if ever the need arises." Owen made another shallow bow and stated, "Thank you Alexis for your gracious offer. I accept." Alexis spoke, "We thank you for everything you and yours have done for our family from packing up and storing our home goods, express delivering necessary belongings and documents, and all the other countless things that came up. Your organizations actions and those of the Blue Lake Lodge have made this difficult transition seamless and easier for us all. I want to give my gratitude to Bryce, Eric and theirs for their offer of shelter and protection until we can either return here or decide on our next place." Alexis looked at her sister. Jordan continued "I want to express my thanks to everyone for the actions taken on behalf of the Monroes. I offer my assistance where I'm able to help my family."
Owen asked to speak to Ryan privately prior to his departure. Ryan closed the meeting and said, "Everyone please enjoy our full hospitalities. Feel free to address any absences of protocol and unmet needs directly to my seconds." Jordan agreed to meet Owen in one hour, and Peter and Jared showed the visitors to refreshments set up in the welcome room.
Back in the meeting room, Ryan asked Alexis, "Do you want us to remain while you open your message?" Kaden offered, "We can provide insight into the Werekind psyche and offer our advice." William added as he sat down, "An unknown message is a daunting task. No one should face it alone." Jordan considered the information and replied, "I think it's a good idea to have them present."
Alexis pondered the manila envelope and considered its weight. She responded, "My preference is to throw this message away and go on with my life. The reality requires me to use my current resources and take whatever information this message holds as deadly serious. It affects me and my entire family." Kaden handed Alexis a letter opener and asked, "Do you want one of us to open it for you? Even read it." William said, "If you decide your own construct, we're open to whatever is comfortable for you." Jordan walked over and put her hand on her sister's shoulder.
Alexis took the letter opener and answered, "I have to do this." She ripped the sealed envelope open and released a whispered message of promised strife into the quiet room felt by the room's occupants on some level. Alexis looked into the envelope first as did both William and Jordan, and she pulled out a handwritten message on antique parchment paper with its edges and bottom quarter burnt. The short message written in ornate scribed lettering was held between the cut made by the Hunter's blade and the crumbing singed edges of the fragile leaf of paper. Bulky fibers veined the aged sheet, and it felt heavy in Alexis's hand. The eldest Monroe sister focused her eyes on and through the written message, and she read the message aloud, "Threads to one's family are important. One seeks. One follows. One answer. One end. I seek my own. The blade is a keepsake of a promise made." Fear danced down Alexis's backbone; she felt the riddle incased threat to her core which brought to the surface its effect on her whole family. Alexis, her family, and those individuals intervening on the Monroe family's behalf were between the message sender and their goal. The message of treacherous intent read through to Alexis and those others who heard it.
The room's occupants absorbed Alexis's spoken words, and Ryan asked, "May we look at the box at your feet and the message? As she currently reeled from the gossamer framed threat to her family, Alexis answered, "Yes." Ryan took the message from Alexis, and William picked up the box. Ryan examined the message and shared his finding that no major scent was found on the paper. William opened the box and viewed the Hunter's blade. The dark hilted blade ended in a pointed sharp hilt, and its lethal edge was honed to hold finite sharpness. The blade's grip was made of a wood polished by age and use. William whistled at his first sight of the blade and said, "This is an old blade or an excellent replica." Jordan summed up the findings, "We're all possible targets. Does the wording have significance?"
Ryan handed the message back to Alexis and replied, "The word one probably refers to you Alexis making this basically a contract on your life. The writer speaks about seeking his own. We can assume he means his son. A Hunter's blade is evidence of the seriousness of this message and may indicate a Hunter's personal intent. If this is in fact an heirloom blade, whoever is the writer of this message has personally staked their whole being to seeing the matter through to the stated end. The use of a beeswax candle flame further indicates absolute resolve."
William added, "Another possibility is the person who sent this message thinks you're a liability Alexis." Jordan replied to that comment, "Shouldn't we ask Luke Blackstone directly?" Kaden answered, "Almost guaranteed, Blackstone will answer the question only if he wants and only in person. Never over the phone. He could respond in a few ways. If you're in his presence and he doesn't like the question, he could eliminate you and your party if you're on his territory, or the group would be at his mercy. He could choose not to answer the question which is normal protocol and ask you and your party to leave. I wouldn't put anybody close to me in any of those situations."
Ryan continued, "Luke Blackstone is erratic. He is part of a group who follow their own dictates and conform enough not to be considered full renegades, and they function on the edge of Werekind Conclave laws. They are dangerous to others including full humans which brings us back to the Monroe family unit. Alexis, the information connecting you to Blackstone is inconclusive and subject to doubt if we go to the Conclave. As damning as this message appears, this is not absolute proof Blackstone is the culprit. To move on Blackstone without evidence that can be substantiated if called to do so, puts one on a precarious plane."
All concluded the best course of action was to safeguard the Monroes and vigilantly track, trace, and fit the puzzling pieces of the situation together. The ultimate goal was to find the source that put the paper to the flame and take the Monroes away from the touch of the letter sender's fire.
Meanwhile several rooms away, Werekind Coyotes, Werekind Wolves, and Werekind Cats suffered each other's company with Dylan and Marcus acting as moderators. Old enemies and old barrier walls eroded slowly over time. Polite sneering and a few picked bones aside, the meeting of the three Werekind groups was mundane considering the polar participants. Over the history of North America, Werekind Coyotes remained in their established territories even after larger numbers of people flooded their areas. Coyotes both wild and Werekind were able to adapt to changing environments and were able to assimilate and live alongside humanity, and Werekind Great Cats and Werekind Wolves more often clung to wilderness preserves and less populated lands to roam. Generally, Werekind Great Cats are less polished than Werekind Coyotes and less formal than both Werekind Coyotes and Werekind Wolves. Werekind Great Cats typically were stronger individually. As wild as the Werekind Wolves and Werekind Coyotes were in their animal skin, Werekind Great Cats were wilder still. For Werekind Great Cats, their human faces and bodies endured the scars of that continual internal struggle.
A deep curved scar marked the left side of Bryce's forehead, left cheek and took a sharp turn to his left ear. It was evidence of a violent ripping wound in his past, and other incidences of wounds were too numerous to count individually on his body. Eric also bore dueling wounds from his youth apparent on his face and body while Owen and his companions were clean shaven and sported barely scored skin. Werekind Wolves were in between those two extremes.
Owen swirled a drink in his hand and said, "Information concerning the Monroe family's whereabouts will be well guarded by the White River Communities. I vow. I want a part of whoever tried to take out one of mine." Bryce quirked his head at Owen and responded, "No guarantees if that person or persons comes within our sights and comes to harm those we protect. They will be gone, and there won't be any time to negotiate or contact you. I recognize your drive to catch those who aggrieved yours. I suggest we combine information and jointly strive to resolve this situation for you as well as the Monroes. We must stop those who overstep their bounds of power and trifle with innocents." Dylan mentioned, "I vow to guard the Monroes from their enemies. Even though the source appears to be Luke Blackstone, someone may be using him to forward their own unknown personal agenda." Marcus informed the group, "I protect the innocent no matter what my official standing is." Owen offered, "I agree to bow to these with the greater need being the Monroes. It benefits us all to remove those impacting their futures."
Eric quipped, "I hope you act faster than you speak your intent." Both Brand and Rex rose from their seats, and Eric didn't even blink an eye at their approach. They were no threat, and together Bryce and Eric could take down all of the room's occupants. Werekind Great Cats picked a bit to draw another's animal side out to the surface. Owen called Brand and Rex back and unruffled stated, "I find words have advantageous results, and the end result is not unnecessary bloodshed. An intellect is intimidating for some to hold. For me, I'm willing to carry its weight." Dylan, as mediator between the polished principals of Werekind Coyotes and the Werekind Great Cats' fierce nature said to diffuse the growing tension, "Back to the joint situation. Do we all agree to exchange information to safeguard the Monroes?"
All approved and the group sat in the thick silence of the non-communication of non-friends. The only one who moved to speak was the usually quiet non- diplomatic Hunter Dylan, and he stepped surprisingly well into Marcus's usual role as arbitrator.
Outside the lodge, a gust lifted and shifted Jordan's hair to ride the air. She secured some of the wayward waves of hair behind her ears. Owen was shown to the deck where Jordan waited, and he sat across from her and said, "It's been a challenge getting to know you better. Strange, we lived so close together and it took these circumstances to meet. And now you're immersed in these necessities." Jordan considered Owen and said, "We can't always put ourselves where we want to be. Life challenges are simply that, they are obstacles to work around or against. I lean towards the work around method. That way I won't use as much energy with the against things." Owen tilted his head and replied, "You have a unique way of seeing things, and your last comment translates well to Werekind systems. I'm willing to work around our obstacles if you are." Jordan said, "As long as we both realize there are no absolute endings."
****
Later that day, an intruder slipped across the eastern edge of the Blue Lake Territory. His goal was to strike any and all of the Monroes except the youngest male. The intruder knew his life was forfeit for the task at hand. Payment was already tendered to those he held close. Gone rogue long ago, he was tired of ruining for pay. It was time to put a stop to his dark, dark ways.
The ricocheting sounds of gunfire echoed through the quiet woods. The sound shattered the beautiful normal calm. Bullets slammed into Allen's body, and Jordan felt a sharp sting on her left arm. Allen jerked forward and shoved Jordan down on the ground and partially covered her body with his. He said through gritted teeth, "Stay down." Jordan put her hand on Allen's wet back and lifted it covered in blood. She pushed against Allen and shouted, "Move, you're hurt." Jordan tried to get up. She was no match for Werekind strength, even one injured. To both calm and reassure Jordan, Allen replied, "Wait for help." Concerned, Jordan asked, "What about you? We need to get you back inside." Allen sighed and offered, "A few bullets won't stop me." He paused briefly and added as an afterthought, "As long as I don't bleed out or something vital wasn't hit." Exasperated, Jordan said, "Move," and in a surge of strength and power, she pushed Allen away from her.
Allen rolled ready to intercept Jordan, and he was beat to the task by Monica and Jared. Monica pushed Jordan behind her, and Jordan watched as shifted and unshifted Werekind thundered by prepared to intercept the invader. Two sentries came and covered their departure from what had been Jordan's favorite thinking spot at the lodge. Monica told Jared and the sentries she was taking Jordan to the ground floor common room and asked them to give them a few minutes. Others ran to help Jared with Allen.
Monica pulled Jordan into the main common room and told those present in a 'don't challenge me' voice, "Out." Monica viewed Jordan covered in a fair amount of blood after the room was cleared, "I scent mainly Allen's blood. Are you hurt? We only have a short time to get you cleaned up before someone else comes to check on your condition." Monica assessed as Jordan took her own inventory. Shocked, Jordan replied while holding her left arm up, "All I feel is this." Monica pulled away Jordan's shirt sleeve, peered and smelled Jordan's wounded arm, and stated, "Not too bad. If you want to wash the blood off, you have about five to ten minutes."
She herded Jordan into the bathroom complete with a large walk-in shower stall and said, "Male understanding of acceptable modest rules is generally lacking here." Monica added, "I'll get a set of clothes for you. Leave your others on the floor, and I'll take care of them. You shouldn't see your sister or ward bloody. Better to go with less evidence of how close you came to death. Be prepared for a lodge care intervention when you come out. I'm going to check on Allen and let your sister know you're well. I'll tell them you're cleaning up and will see them shortly if that works for you. I'll come back with information about Allen's condition." Monica answered Jordan's unasked questions after Monica picked up on Jordan's drawn eyebrows and her bow taut body. Jordan acknowledged Monica's courtesies and thoughtfulness in a heartfelt, "Thanks." Monica answered, "Anytime and every time for one of ours." As Monica walked away, Jordan watched Monica's trademark high set long ponytail swing back and forth in pendulum action and considered the symbolic movement. Monica softly closed the door and left Jordan to quickly scrub off and get ready.
East of the lodge, the rogue assassin ran from those who circled and methodically stalked him. When he pulled the trigger, his options dwindled to none, and his actions not his words sentenced his ending. Werekind laws both official and unofficial were direct and clear. Take or make an attempt on a life, and the perpetrator's life was surrendered. Even if he managed to make an unlikely escape, a life searching shadows for relentless shaded chameleons was a limited pale specter of true being and was rarely considered. Better to acknowledge the wrong so your kin could be notified and have proper arrangements made.
The self-condemned rogue had left a note of identification. His relatives would receive compensation from those who ultimately would take his life. The rogue's action ended with him, and no act of retribution went further without evidence of wrong doing by identified individuals. Werekind supported a system which provided for families of individuals who made life ending decisions. Werekind didn't turn away from their own nor did they leave them to suffer and exist with little or nothing.
The rogue was caught. And in one quick move from the Blue Lake Alpha, the rogue's heart beats clamored to a speeding full stop. With mournful words and howls, the gathered Werekind Wolves signaled that one of their blood was brought to ground. In the end, the body of the fallen was treated with respect. The right and wrong no longer mattered, as the rogue's blood slipped unimpeded onto the ground. The sentence was completed for now past actions. The ending of a life whether justified or not, expected or not, kin or not was always deep felt for the Werekind. For them, life was the ultimate challenge compounded by all the challenging moments between life and death.
Inside the lodge, Jordan stood under the warm soothing shower and was prompted back to the immediate present by loud insistent knocking on the bathroom door. The door was creaked open by Arthur whose job was lodge security, and he was a detective of a kind. Arthur and Mark were both under Kaden and William in authority at the lodge. Arthur asked through the door's crack, "You okay?" Jordan answered, "I'm fine. Give me a few minutes." While Arthur waited for Jordan, he got word to Randall and asked him to help Tristan get ready to leave and asked Sarah to help Alexis and Blake quickly pack essentials and necessities. Peter was currently posted outside the door to stop unwanted entrance, namely Owen Miller and his Werekind Coyote brethren Rex and Brand. Owen was given information about the attack by Dylan, and Owen was having a hard time dealing with being told he didn't have unlimited access to Jordan. He also struggled to grasp the fact that the Blue Lake Lodge controlled the situation without his input. Arthur chuckled over the fresh objections voiced by Owen and thought, "So much for the cool calm appearances of the Werekind Coyotes. Under the surface, they were the same as the rest of the wild at heart Werekind." He further thought, "Werekind Coyotes were better cloaked at first, second, and even third glance. But look hard enough and their true character stared through. With all of Owen Miller's polished words, polished clothing, and polished principals, his eyes mirrored his wild nature which lurked inside him. Owen Miller was more restrained in his methods than several groups of Werekind. But in the end, he was little different than the rest of them."
Jordan towel dried in sprint fashion. She tugged on borrowed clothes. Tug being the operative word. She fought damp skin in her rush to dress before the bathroom door opened again. She did take the extra time to make sure she didn't rub the short sleeved shirt on her injured arm. Once clothed, Jordan fast towel dried her hard to dry thick wavy hair, and she heard Arthur's voice say, "I'm coming in. Cover anything you want covered. I need to check to make sure you don't need more than the fast care I can provide, and Ryan needs to talk to you and Alexis soon."
Proof of her exasperation, Jordan threw her hands up and said, "I said I'd be right out. I still need to comb my hair." Arthur came in and offered a smile. He informed her, "Pardon me. Your idea of a few minutes doesn't match mine. We need to get going. Time is short. Look in the second drawer down by your right leg for hair supplies and grab what you need." Arthur hovered while Jordan made a 'does it have to take this long' selection, and he blew out invisible male frustration. Arthur wanted to move things faster, but Jordan's visible to everyone 'just push me' attitude stopped him. They didn't have the time for a confrontation. He was short on patience and wasn't his carefree self. The seriousness of the situation tempered his mood. Arthur walked out of the bathroom and said, "After I treat your wound and ask you a few questions, you can take care of your hair." Jordan sat down. Arthur gently uncurled her fingers. He took the comb from her right hand and a couple of hair holds from her left hand. Arthur made short work of cleaning, treating, and bandaging Jordan's injured arm while he tsked and murmured words of concern, "Sorry for the additional hurt brave one. Poor heart." As emotions flooded her body from the near miss of almost losing her life, being covered in someone else's blood, and not knowing Allen's current status along with Arthur's genuine concern, Jordan fought the sting of biting tears.
A knock on the door was answered by Arthur, and he responded, "Give us some time." Monica replied through the door, "I'll wait Art." Arthur took Jordan's hands in both of his, and he looked deep in her eyes. He softly said, "Think of me as a big brother with no ulterior motive. There's no one here but us. Do whatever you need. Cry, scream, break something, or hit me. I'll even get Owen if you want him instead. I'll take you to your sister after you release your palpable tension. You're ready to spring. I suspect Alexis can normally handle a great deal. She has more than her weight of burdens to bear right now. Allow me to intervene if I may."
Jordan dropped her tough exterior shield and let tears run down her cheeks. She expressed, "It's not fair. Why is this happening to us? It's not fair." He responded, "No, it's not." He held Jordan's hand and wiped away her fallen drops of anguish from her face until she took the cloth and held it over her eyes. Jordan surrender to her emotions and took a few moments for contemplation. She refortified her shields, took a few deep breaths, dried her eyes one last time, and put the cloth down. Sincere, Arthur said, "I'm sorry this and everything else has happened to you and yours." He squeezed Jordan's hand tight one last time and released it. Jordan opened her red swollen eyes and lightning quick hit Arthur several times in his left upper shoulder and explained, "Those were for being so nice and patient." Arthur smiled as he rubbed Jordan's marks of thanks and replied, "The offer stands whenever you need."
Arthur opened the door and saw Owen glaring, Monica patiently waiting, Peter bristling, and Rex and Brand determined and ready to back Owen. Owen voiced his perturbed state, "This person insisted that I have no right to stand here and to leave Blue Lake Lodge business to the Blue Lake Lodge. He kept repeating 'closed doors are closed to visitors' like a simpleton." Peter further raised his unseen hackles at being called a simpleton and responded, "I'm not the simple one. I can figure out a message the first time I hear it unlike the alpha before me." Owen quieted menacingly and cautioned Peter, "Careful."
Arthur and Monica intervened knowing neither Peter nor Owen would back down from a threat. Monica stood between Owen and Peter, while Arthur invited Owen into the room before a fight broke out between a Werekind Coyote Alpha and a 'quiet, usually reserved until you push the right button then just short of irrational' Werekind blend. Owen attempted to force Peter to acknowledge his superior strength of will. Peter was not moved to do so. Owen registered his disbelieve, when Peter didn't drop his gaze. Owen tried to comprehend the full meaning of Peter's actions and attempted to deduct Peter's background. Arthur interrupted Owen's assessment and said again, "You may pass Owen." As Owen passed, Peter whispered for Owen's ears "Hurt ours and die and that includes all of the Monroes. No mercy." Owen questioned a look at Peter again but didn't otherwise respond. Owen thought Peter was unquestionably bold, brave, insane, and or unwise to brazenly threaten him.
Owen past though the door's entrance along with Monica. Rex and Brand were stopped by Peter clearly enjoying his gatekeeper role, and Peter said to them, "I didn't hear Arthur invite you in. Only heard Owen's name, either of you named Owen?" Rex and Brand answered, "No." Rex mentioned, "The door is open so we can enter." Peter nonchalantly closed the door and solemnly explained, "We have already gone over this point several times. I'll repeat it one more time. Listen closely. Closed doors are closed to visitors unless you're invited in." Calm and even keeled, Brand pulled his enraged fellow Werekind Coyote back from the menace of a gatekeeper.
Across the room, Brand spoke in Rex's face and urged, "Let it go. Not worth losing control over, especially away from our own territory. Owen can handle the situation without us. Only one guard at the door, one who parallels Owen's intensity will be a difficult target. I venture to say, he has his own definition of sanity." Rex shook off his coyote side threatening to burst forth in a fast head shake and said after he settled, "That one can push with no apparent effort on his part and is unmistakably more than we're aware, at least alpha status in another place or time. A simple guard as he currently duties, I don't think is full truth." Brand and Rex both looked at Peter who moved a chair to the side of the door he manned. They watched the cloaked alpha sit, and they watched his eyes track his environment including them. Brand and Rex both looked away before Peter did, when Peter looked directly and pointedly at them which settled any thoughts of further conflict.
The lodge was quiet to Alexis's ears. She was currently alone with her child. Monica had promised to return, and Sarah was in central storage picking out clothes for the fast growing Blake whose clothes no longer fit, not with the meat heavy diet he received at the lodge. William assured Alexis that Blake was on a more normal growth pattern for his Werekind heritage. For Alexis, her mother's worry was difficult to shake off. She would seek information to better support and raise her child.
Alexis ran out of patience. Even though she received assurances from Monica insisting Jordan was well, Alexis grew more anxious by the moment. She picked up Blake and heaved him to rest on her uninjured side and hip. Alexis ignored the sharp pulling pain through her right side and back and headed for the first floor main activity areas to find her sister. Although she sensed tense undertones, the lodge was muted with little activity. She went down the stairs which led to the main level cautiously with her son and made her way step by agonizing step.
Alexis held the railing in a death grip and felt increasing pain and mounting trepidation. Unwilling to leave Blake unattended, she pushed on against the more logical choice of asking for help. Alexis was unaware she was being observed by William and Ryan who had finished with the situation outside. Both again clothed, they watched Alexis's stair descent. Neither wanted to startle her and possibly risk injury to mother or her son. Oblivious, Alexis focused from her nose, down to her feet, and the distance down to the next stair drop. When her feet descended the last step, she heard a rumble sound. Alexis didn't know the sound was William's, a mix of anger, anxiety, and concern.
Surprised, Alexis spotted Ryan and William and unsuccessfully suppressed a visible winze, as she hoisted Blake more firmly onto her hip. Grim faced, Ryan said, "Madame." Alexis noticed a difference in Ryan's demeanor and did wonder at the cause. She didn't know him well enough to venture into that uncharted territory. Difficult responsibilities weighed on Ryan's shoulders as he walked away. He left William and Alexis to manage between themselves.
William offered, "I can carry him for you." Alexis replied, "I'm concerned about Jordan." William took Blake and asked, "Did you have to suffer or risk injury to meet that goal? Do you want me to bring Jordan to you or are you okay to go a little further? I know you're hurting." Alexis reached for William's free hand and said, "I can make it." William squeezed her hand and said, "Come on. We'll walk it slow. If I go to fast, let me know. I know Mark is busy, and we'll get word for him to see you as soon as possible." Alexis tried to convince William that was unnecessary and replied, "The pain's letting up. I'm fine." William gently chastised, "You're a trial onto yourself." Alexis pinched a face at William and asked, "Are you saying I'm trouble?" William grumbled an ambiguous noise answer and said, "Let's get you to your sister."
Owen looked around the room which was absent of Jordan, and Arthur answered, "She's back in the bathroom. Might as well have a seat." In the bathroom, Jordan quick combed and pulled back her hair. She ran cool water over her fingers, put a cool cloth on her forehead and eyes, and turned and leaned against the counter. In the room with her, Monica said, "Allen's being air lifted to a Werekind medical facility. His injuries are too severe for Mark to treat here. He's holding his own and wanted me to give you a message. He doesn't want you to blame yourself for what happened. It is his honor to help. He said this is not a goodbye. Only a pause in his promise to shield you and yours. Although I feel he had more to say, he hesitated to say more. We both can sense the direction of Allen's unsaid thoughts. You have specifics to sort out along with everything else you're going through. To prepare you, the White River Alpha is out there and has been insistent and direct in his request to see you." Jordan forced her focus on Monica through irritated swollen eyes and the pounding pain in her head. Monica continued, "And your sister’s out there." Jordan sighed and answered, "Thanks for the information. I've got to get moving or my sister is sure to run out of patience. Give Allen a message? I'm not making any decisions right now, and I want to talk to him when he's able. I hope he makes a fast recovered, and I'm truly regretful another has been physically affected by whoever has targeted us." Monica tilted her head towards the door and listened both past the barrier of the door as well to Jordon and said, "None of us especially Allen blames any of you for what has happen. This situation needs to be resolved as soon as possible, and we'll contribute in whatever way we must. I'll get your message to Allen. You ready?" Jordan answered, "Even if I'm not, Alexis will haul me out of here, and her injuries aren't going to stop her, only slow her down a touch maybe." Monica placed her arm around Jordan shoulder, and they walked together out to meet the others.
The gathered Werekind allowed the sisters to greet one another before other discussions or interactions occurred. Alexis let go of William's hand and stepped towards her sister. She looked her sister over and few words were required. Satisfied Jordan was whole and well, Alexis embraced her and said, "We'll talk later." Jordan kissed her sister's cheek, stepped back and said, "Definitely." Alexis gave her sister a searching look. Jordan answered, "Really." Alexis responded, "Your eyes say different."
Jordan and Alexis put aside the individuals who surrounded them. Around and around the room turned on its axis separating the sisters to stand together and removed them from their current struggles back to a cumulus time of life changes. They were in that moment transported to a long ago time, a terrifying place of ashes, deaths, and dark deep sorrow. The tide reversed, and the room and time for the sisters returned to the present.
Jordan answered firmly, "Honestly, a blinding headache and questions," and Alexis nodded her head in reply. They remembered the others in the room after the last concentrated moments, and they moved on to the current events.
Ryan and William excused themselves for a short time to see Allen and his sister Kyra off to the medical facility. Owen and Arthur spoke gently and cordially to both Monroe sister, and they recognized their stress, strain, and pain. Owen did ask if there was anything else he could do for either of them. They both declined and thanked him for his thoughtfulness and kindness. Owen did convey his wish to remain in contact with both sisters and offered again open territories. He emphasized his wish to stay in contact with Jordan, and she didn't dissuade him. Owen knew he couldn't do more to pursue his mate hunt given the current atmosphere and mood. Only time would tell if there was a match or not. Monica and Owen continued to carry on a light uncomplicated conversation with the Monroe sisters, while Arthur walked to the side of the room and made arrangements, checked on his team, and called Randall to bring Tristan down.
Soon after, Todd, Randall, and Tristan went by Peter as did Werekind Great Cats Bryce and Eric, Hunter Dylan, and Conclave Enforcer Marcus and finally Ryan stopping and spoke to Peter followed by William, and Mark much to Rex's annoyance. Rex commented on the parade going through the entrance he and Brand were denied, "When everyone in the lodge is in that room, seems useless keeping us out." Peter responded, "I can almost see your point. Who knows maybe even you two will get an invite." Jared walked up and relieved Peter. Peter shrugged and added, "Or maybe not," before he entered the room. Friendly, Jared nodded at Rex and Brand not knowing their previous dealings with Peter, although their scowls were a good giveaway.
William gave Alexis a cool drink and went and stood by Blake who was sleeping. Mark softly admonished Alexis, "Guess I wasn't clear enough. You're at risk for further injury and heavy lifting can affect your healing. Alexis, will you agree to rein in your independent nature?" Alexis listened and noticed pointed looks from William, Jordan, and Tristan and grudgingly answered, "If there are other available timely options, I promise to curb my unruly nature of independence. If I find I have to be able, I will be." Alexis crooked a smile and raised her eyebrows. More than willing to battle even the sick and injured to make his point unmistakable, Mark answered, "I honestly don't know what you agreed to do or not do." Jordan interrupted Mark as he revved up to corner Alexis into a clearer answer. Jordan promised, "Between me and Tristan, we'll make sure she has available help." Mark replied, "Good." William spoke up, "We're all listening." Mark handed Jordan a glass of water and some tablets. He said, "For your head. Before you take them, anything you can't take?" Trusting Mark, Jordan relied, "No" and took the pills. The Monroes were cocooned in support.
Peter spoke to Ryan, and Rex and Brand were allowed into the room. Serious and drawn, Ryan told the Monroe's, "Your position has been manipulated by an attack committed on our territory. How the information was received by the perpetrators is not yet known. I'm letting everyone in this room, at this lodge, on these grounds, and in the surrounding areas know, I'll find out who engineered these deeds." The air in the room rang with Ryan's sharp enunciated words and no one questioned his resolve to carry through with his stated goal. Ryan continued, "One on a suicide mission breached our territory and affected two of ours. Our own was shot in the back and was not given the right to properly defend himself. We'll find out who is behind this with the offered assistance from Owen, Bryce, and Eric. Plans have changed. William will remain here, and Dylan and Peter will accompany the Monroes. Owen has volunteered four to come for a time with my acceptance. Alexis, you and yours leave in two hours. Those leaving will be split into two groups traveling in two vans and two support vehicles. Flights are setup with thanks for Bryce's contacts and arrangements. Please voice any concerns anyone has at any time. If no one as any matters to be addressed, this meeting is at an end. May I have a few moments with Peter, William, and the Monroes?"
William explained, "I'm torn and want to go. The Guardian Shield and elder staff numbers at the lodge will be stretched thin." Alexis stopped William and said, "No words are necessary. None of this is what any of us has planned. None of this is. I can't imagine the whole impact on the many parts of organizations and individuals particularly the Blue Lake Lodge. It will ultimately be as it will be. I sense Peter is an extremely loyal dual guardian who has ties near a waterfront." Peter didn't deny or truly acknowledge his precise nature. He answered in the form of a formal short bow at odds with his causal dress and his casually worn coat of arms. Jordan interjected, "I'm not getting any funny vibes off of you Peter. I'm going to take a wait and see approach when it comes to the safety of my family." Peter answered, "Fair enough. I understand your position as well as your sister's." William added, "Peter and I are of the same ilk, and he will function where I can't. I trust him with all of your wellbeing as I trust him with my own." Ryan assured the Monroes, "We leave you and yours in Peter and Dylan's very capable services."
****
The brief intense farewells were a tumultuous cede of emotions for paralleling and converging forces. A host of tears seen and unseen and fears drew shadows of unknowns, and a myriad of ifs, maybes, and possibilities clouded the atmosphere surrounding those leaving and those staying. A flight to a protected place in the west to put distance between an unassuming family unit and elements determined to shorten their way. The fleetness of the flight didn't slow the metal of determination of one tracking and one pacing. Battling the Monroes and their alliances, a relentless wind fed the flames of menace and kept the embers of unrest burning.
Western North America Region
The group disembarked from the plane, and they were whisked to a waiting caravan of vehicles. Dylan, Peter, Alexis, Blake, and Bryce were in one vehicle along with one of Bryce's associates. Jordan and Tristan were directed into another vehicle by Eric. Jordan sat in the second row seating next to Eric, and Tristan opted for the row behind them. Eric informed Jordan, "We're expecting one more here." Jordan assumed the additional person would sit in the third row. She was surprised when her vehicle side door opened.
Eric introduced Calvin as he squeezed into the second row seating and made Jordan move over quickly or risk being squashed by his large frame invading the space. Jordan asked Calvin, "Do you mind?' and told Eric, "Excuse me" as she was pushed to share his legroom. Calvin replied "Usually not at all," and Eric said, "No problem." Jordan struggled to find a place for her feet, body, and backpack and tried to unscramble Calvin's response. Calvin asked before grabbing Jordan's backpack, "Is there anything breakable in here? I'm going to find a place for it." She answered, "Sure. Nothing breakable." Calvin used a spin move and tossed the backpack with some strength into the third row seating and forced Tristan to quickly catch the backpack with a grunt or be knocked unconscious if it had struck him.
Jordan followed the backpack's path, looked at Tristan, and glared at Calvin. Perturbed, she told Calvin, "You could've put it on the seat." Unfazed, Calvin offered Tristan, "You okay cub?" Having received advice from Todd and Randall, Tristan held his seething to a minimum, and released a slow tight breath. He said, "Name's Tristan, not cub." Calvin replied, "See no harm. He's fine." Jordan swung a look at Eric, and he shrugged his shoulders in an 'I don't get the problem' response. She looked daggers at Eric and communicated 'I'll be watching'. Eric and Calvin brushed off Jordan's minor disquiet in causal unaffected Werekind Great Cat silence.
Bored and confined, Jordan looked at the passing vista during the trip, although each time she leaned towards the window her view was blocked by a large obstructing body. After the fourth attempt, she got the message and sat back and got as comfortable as she could in her middle uncomfortable seat wedge. Jordan viewed what she could from the limited cracks of view she could see.
Eric and Calvin, as well as the others safeguarding the Monroes, wouldn't expose any of the them to possible dangers and counted protection over comfort and unobstructed view any and every day.
In the second vehicle, Alexis sat on a soft throw and her legs were draped in a wrap. Care was taken in securing her seat belt. She was positioned behind Blake and next to Bryce. Blake was seated between Dylan and Peter. The burden of travel and stress levied high on Alexis's stamina and energy levels. Keen to changes in others and the environment, Bryce encouraged, "Rest, we still have a long road trip ahead of us. The increased elevation will take some adjustment time. Your son is quiet so don't worry about him. He looks comfortable using Peter as both heater and pillow." Dylan added, "Be at ease, we'll all watch over him in all his needs." Alexis let go of the fight to maintain her open eyes. Once she was asleep, Bryce eased her to rest on her side. Bryce, a healer of a kind, felt Alexis's skin for telling heat, trembling chill, and perspiring film. Appeased with his finding, Bryce pulled the cover over Alexis's shoulders.
All of the Monroes were in the safekeeping of diligent protectors, and safekeepers were a reckoning force in the path of those who wanted to disrupt the Monroes' peace.
****
The setting sun's receding light brushed the grounds of Moon Ridge. Pebbles and boulders, valleys and plains, earth and water, scrub and trees were all apart of Moon Ridge Territory's variable scoped place. A dusty hard packed road arrowed a path to an austere stone fortress named Moon Ridge Place. Moon Ridge was home for some, stopover for others, and a secure lair and land for those who answered the call to roam the sheltered grounds.
White River Werekind Coyote Territory
Ben battled his way past his spirit guards. Out of bed and able to complete light duties at the West Compound, Ben bore deep chest scars and other injuries which temporarily slowed his life's momentum. Any attempt to leave the compound structure was met by a fly paper clinging, annoying habit of stating the obvious, chirpy chipper chatterer, order follower to the max, unusual individual named Graham. Ben's ears still rang from Graham's incessant speech while he convalesced.
Ben chanced another break away and picked tasks which put him close to an exit. Within sight of a less frequented door and ready to savor the open unsupervised, Ben ventured to the closed door. He had taken the time and deactivated the chime on the door panel in the security systems. He scanned the area for the light footed Changer named Graham one last time and opened the door to see Owen down the path. He pressed forward and told the recently arrived alpha, "Surprised to see you out here." Owen walked up and said, "It's good to see you up. You're well?"
Owen bear hugged Ben and squeezed the air from his lungs. Ben took several deep breaths and answered in his returned breath, "I still walk the earth and did wonder a time if I was destined to again." Owen released Ben's shoulders and asked in a serious tone, "Out for some air?" Ben answered, "Yes." Owen responded, "Want to try again. The keys palmed in your hand leads me to believe you have specific plans."
Ben would stretch the truth but wouldn't deny it completely. He knew deception served no truth and answered, "I talked to Tony, and he updated me on the information he found on Tristan. I was on my way to check out the location of Tristan's accident and look for cold buried clues. Something seems off. The closed park accident site at night and evidence of a high speed collision in a thirty mile per hour speed zone is strange. This has all the earmarks of a Werekind or Humankind attack. Might be the Monroes were or specifically Tristan was targeted before the more recent events." Owen nodded to the provided information, "Sounds like a significant area to investigate on the behalf of the Monroes. I trust your instincts. If you're ready to complete this, okay. Take Graham and another. By the way, Graham suggested I wait out here if I wanted to see you. Caught my curiosity. I couldn't pass it up. He deduced your actions and knew you were on the move to evade him again. Graham has a gift." Ben sighed when he heard Graham's voiced accolades and commented under his breath, "Not exactly what I call it." Owen continued and ordered, "He's effective. Take him with you when you leave."
Ben nodded his agreement and said, "How was your trip?" Owen said, "Interesting conversation and company. New deals with a new pack who I offered open territories." Ben encouraged and commented, "We'll welcome them when they come and understand the importance to you personally." Owen responded, "Your support is heartfelt. I have another errand while you're out if you're up for it." Glad to be productive again, Ben quickly answered, "What is it?" Owen continued, "Time to bring in one of the local World Alliance Agency. I made some phone calls and heard Agent Daniel Fisher has proven to be trustworthy and consistent in his Werekind arbitrations and interactions. He's new. We won't name the Monroes or Tristan, and we'll see if he's aware of any Werekind rogue movement in the region that has affected the human sector. The Monroes were targeted and Blackstone the probable person responsible. We'll either collaborate those conclusions or flush out new leads. Pick up Agent Fisher. This will pull Rex's thoughts away from someone he met who rivals Graham in ability to get under another's skin. I'll call and set up a meeting at River's End Restaurant. Any inkling of concern or suspicion, don't proceed. Don't put yourselves at risk if it's preventable." Ben felt the soreness of recent wounds and replied, "I won't run from a confrontation if the threat is between me and an exit or if another is in danger. I'll fight to the end if necessary." Owen returned, "I expect no less from any of us. Keep your good senses present. Between the attacks here, the rogue mercenary spotted in the area, and some additional rogue activities, we're experiencing an insecure time in and around our range areas. We have to be alert for potential trouble and sources of malevolence. Everyone and every situation is suspect until proven otherwise. Be on guard for traps guised to catch the unaware and ones that prey on our innate protective instincts. Call the appropriated authorities is any unknowns need rescue. I appreciate you and Graham's willingness to help others, but it appears we have an element among us with an unknown agenda with possible ties to the Monroes. We're involved and need to find information." Ben processed the call for caution and safety. He replied, "I understand."
Graham drove to the location of Tristan's friend's fatal car accident. The SUV's tinted windows shielded the vehicle's occupants from the high sun's glare. Rex sat in the front passenger seat and Ben in the seat directly behind Rex. Graham filled the car with sounds of chatter and asked Rex about his time away, "How was it at the Werekind Wolf Lodge?" Rex answered, "What you'd expect. Exceptions were meeting Bryce and Eric, Great Cats, and Peter, who outreached normal Werekind Great Cat propensity to cut to an opponent's center and expended little energy to accomplish that goal. Peter completed his duties, and he still communicated to Brand and I we were as good as dead if we were foolish enough to cross him. One look in Peter's eyes, even from a distance, was clear he is a reckoning force. He's a guard at the Blue Lodge Lake, but I sense Peter is more than he duties. I came close to losing it in my short time around him, and it wasn't a direct challenge. I still can't figure out how the situation got out of hand so fast. One minute I was in control, and the next Brand was dragging me away. He stopped me from breaking protocol and instigating an attack on Blue Lake Lodge Territory." Graham's whistled through his teeth, and Ben commented, "Damn Rex. When was the last time anything like that happened for you outside our territory?" In a negative show of disbelief, Rex shook his head briskly and replied, "I can't believe I almost lost it. Owen told me to learn from it and get over it." Graham said, "See you're still working on what he asked you to do."
Graham pulled into a parking space near the Spring Well Park on the city's northwest side, and the group walked to the car accident site which occurred four months prior. The force of the collision drove Brett's car broadside into a large tree and killed him on impact. Thought was Tristan survived the crash, because the passenger side didn't take the brunt force of the collision." Ben and Rex went to the collision scarred tree, while Graham walked a patrol perimeter around them.
Rex commented, "The car was hit at a high rate of speed." The White River elites looked back at the trajectory from the last skid marks then back to the tree. Ben said, "First responders thought the crash involved only one person, until Tristan's legs were spotted by a scene officer. Report read, he was found face down inside the thicket past the crash site and officials believed he crawled disoriented away from the accident site. Tristan's right leg was badly injured, and he sustained head and chest injuries. To think he managed to navigate sharp rocks, jabbing bits of debris, and end up approximately forty-fifty feet away is difficult to understand, especially if he was wearing a seatbelt at the time of the impact. Considering where Tristan was found, the car site, and the information supplied by Mark, the Blue Lake Lodge healer, I propose Tristan was confronted after the accident and was either thrown or dragged to the area where he was found. Mark said Tristan has some small scars on his back and arms that are probably claw marks in addition to a much older, deeper, longer set about the right size of a large spread Werekind clawed hand on his back." Ben suggested, "Let's walk the closer trails." Ben told Graham the plan. He told them he would contact them by phone if he saw anything suspicious, move the vehicle if needed, and meet up at a secondary close location.
Ben took off his sunglasses and scanned for out of place items and notable finds, while Rex filtered through the areas multitude of odors from people and their animal friends, old trash in cans, and nature's late summer fragrance and earthy tones carried on the air. Rex and Ben went past an especially pungent trash can and walked by a cluster cloud of flies and bees, and Rex commented, "These smells are killing me." Ben replied, "The odors are breaking my concentration also. Let's get by these cans and see if we can salvage this trip."
Rex picked up some old scents of Werekind on several of the overlook sites along the trail. One of the overlook areas had embedded Werekind scents which pointed to possible evidence of Werekind involvement in the fatal accident of Tristan's friend. Ben looked intensely, and the why of the incident could not be seen in the shade of the undergrowth, behind the trunks of the mute trees, or the changeable tracks held by the ground below his feet. Those who pursued the Monroes and attacked Tristan were stealthy, deadly, and no visible trails led to the perpetrators identities. Though Ben's connections to the Monroes were coincidental and circumstantial, he shared a saga and trauma with them which drew him to search for answers and search for the identities of common foes.
An unpredictable set of puzzle pieces spread afar blurred the answer's whole picture. Ben stepped off the overlook, squatted down to the ground, and picked up a handful of dry soil, small gravel, and pebbles. He stood and shook his palm's contents through his fingers and over his palm's edges. He considered the remaining dust, before he brushed away the lingering particles and dust from his hands. Rex came and stood by him and encouraged, "We'll figure this out." Ben searched the unseen far distance and off past the present. He nodded his answer to Rex.
****
Fisher's office was located north of downtown in an area of town yet to ride the renovation or community improvement waves. The World Alliance Agency offices were located in a plain brown brick building no different than the numerous others along the street which camouflaged its advanced security and technology well. Darkened windowpanes looked out at the street, and they reflected away unwanted inspections and investigations of the restricted World Alliance Agency's (WAA) local offices. The surrounding buildings were all owned by the WAA under different pseudonyms.
A backup vehicle sent by Owen was already there. Once out of their vehicle, Rex took the lead followed by Ben. Graham finished a call to the secondary team and quickly followed Ben and Rex. Owen didn't take any chances given the recent events and an unaccounted roaming rogue mercenary, Seth Lewis, possibly still in the area not to mention all other potential unknowns.
The WAA offices employed Humankind agents and support staff and used Werekind liaisons. All were handpicked, loyal, and they knew their own existence hinged on their ability to keep confidential information confidential and secrets unexposed with no exceptions. A series of strategically placed cameras viewed the representatives of the White River Community's arrival. The front door was released and entry was allowed. The door opened into an anteroom, a sealed buffer before gaining access into the building, where the anteroom's occupancies were body scanned for weapons and other harmful materials.
The division director and not the standard support staff member manned the floor desk. Director Mia Slater pushed a button, and the anteroom door opened. Dressed as all of the WAA staff did in casual clothes, so they fit into the community's atmosphere, Mia wore khaki pants, a tan cotton tunic, and lightweight hiking shoes that raised her modest height to average. Her dark tresses were cut in a short asymmetrically style longer in the front which accented her magnetic oval face. Mia Slater assessed the visitors' personal characteristics and carriage. Full human, she gauged those walking towards her and used capabilities comparable to Werekind precision and defense. Mia said while she moved her dark drilling eyes smoothly between the three males, "Welcome. I spoke to Mr. Miller earlier, and Agent Daniel Fisher is expecting you. However we can assist you and yours, feel free to contact either of us at your convenience. Please give Mr. Miller my regards and my pledge of goodwill and discretion."
Rex answered, "We thank you for your welcome and accept your pledge Madame." He inclined his head in a show of respect for her station. Director Mia Slater's rank was equivalent to alpha status of a pack. Rex continued, "It's indeed an honor and privilege to be met by you. I hope all is well with you and yours." Mia Slater responded in her direct and quiet spoken approach, "It is. I appreciate your inquiry." Use to Werekind practices, Mia waited for Rex to take the lead. She didn't ask assuming questions. Rex introduced Ben and Graham, and the use of first names was an invitation for Mia to do the same. Graham and Ben both responded in unintentional tandem, "Madame." Mia Slater surprised the three by giving them the freedom to use her given name instead of the formal title in the future, "Mia will do. Daniel's office is third door down on the second floor." Graham was the first to speak aloud the director's given name, "Our thanks, Mia." The Director ended the encounter and said, "Good days and good dark until our future meetings." In a dismissive move, Mia turned away first. She used the desk intercom and called for Richard to return to his station. Director Mia Slater watched and listened to the three's footfalls. The WAA’s visitors made their way to the second floor offices. After they were out of sight, she went to her own office.
The Werekind dismissed the offered chairs, and they crowded the second floor reception desk and the desk's occupant. Graham leaned on the edge of the desk, Rex took up a defensive posture with crossed arms and looked around with a scowled face, and Ben stood nearby at a soldier's at ease position. Graham observed the WAA employee transfer several calls, call a couple of reminders to individuals, and spun a number of times in her chair to access information on different terminals and monitors all while she kept an eye on the Werekind around and on her desk. Nicole raised a dark brown eyebrow at Graham's invasion of her desk's territory. Graham smiled, impressed at Nicole's nonchalant and non-deference to the Werekind in her presence. He removed his body from her desk and offered, "Name's Graham." Nicole, a broad shouldered, sharp eyed, nimble fast individual briskly transferred two more calls, forwarded her floor's calls to the first floor desk for the next few minutes, turned in her chair, and blanked all the monitor screens as she went. Finally she directed her full attention on Graham and said, "Nicole Brenner, "I'll show you all to Daniel's office. Follow me." Nicole Brenner's cool dismissal was much to the delight of Graham's fellow Weres. Ben patted Graham's shoulder and followed Ms. Nicole Brenner's lead trailed by Rex and last Graham. Nicole sharply knocked on Daniel's office door and opened the door at his acknowledgement. Ben thanked Nicole before she turned away. Graham watched her return to her station. He quietly closed the door and joined Ben and Rex in their introductions to Agent Daniel Fisher.
Agent Daniel Fisher, a member of the World Alliance Agency for eighteen months, was a fair faced freckle burden redhead and looked far younger than his twenty-six years of age. Daniel jumped up, rounded the desk, and grasped each of the visitor's hands in a firm handshake and patted their shoulders although not typical Werekind standard greeting form. None of the Werekind took exception to his hands on approach, and each took his infectious greeting in stride.
Ben again declined the offered chairs as did Rex, but Graham lounged in a well cushioned chair. Rex asked from his station at the door, "Are you ready to go? I understand this meeting was setup on short notice, and we appreciate your cooperation." Daniel switched off all electronics, locked the papers on his desk in a drawer below, and replied while in motion, "No problem at all. Surprised to be named specifically for this meet though." Rex shrugged, while he looked for all sources of concealed weapons and threats. Ben surveyed Daniel's dust free minimalist décor office and took note of the absence of personal artifacts and photos. Graham considered all of the room's findings including sorting through the heavy cinnamon room deodorizer scent, recent room cleansers, and the cooled coffee in a cup on Daniel's desk, and the faintest scent of Otherkind as did the other two Werekind Coyotes. Graham broached the subject of the Otherkind scent which was on his fellow associates' minds also, "Must say your reputation precedes you, and you're extremely efficient behind the mask you wear." Graham easily delivered his challenge, and Rex further goaded, "Full human staff was always presumed with Werekind consultants. Guess our information is inaccurate." Ben moved closer to Daniel and inhaled several exaggerated sniffs, and he saw a flash of crystal cold silver color wash over Daniel's eyes for a brief flicker. Daniel responded, "Is there an issue here or is the meeting off?" Daniel casually walked away from Ben and sat on the edge of the desk and crossed his arms and legs at the ankles. He waited a brief instance and said, "Typical meeting with Werekind. Formal greeting then go for the jugular. What you see is what you get. No explanation about what you think you know, because I owe you none. I happen to be nice, but I don't have to be. Are we going? If not, I have other work."
Graham arbitrated and said, "You're absolutely correct. If you're ready, we'll leave." Graham took a closer smell and stopped short of a more intrusive move. Agent Daniel Fisher was an unknown, and he recognized that fact. Daniel gave Graham a quarter half smile in answer. Rex mentioned, "Do you want to bring anyone else to the meeting? It's acceptable." Daniel reached across the desk and quickly drank his cold stale coffee. He answered, "No, I'll do this on my own." That statement told the present Werekind a great deal about his nature. Daniel Fisher would go alone into a den of Werekind Coyotes and not second a thought in doing so.
Heather met the group at the front door as was her responsibility, and she stated to Agent Daniel Fisher, "Welcome to River's End. I'll take you to see our alpha after we establish a couple of things. First, do you have any weapons to declare? As a show a faith, we'll curtail the routine pat down." Agent Daniel Fisher replied, "I have no problem following your established safety protocols. I declare two sheathed knives on my right calf, a pocket knife in my left lower pants pocket, and holstered blade on my right flank. I can remove them or one of yours can."
Agent Daniel Fisher was surrounded by three individuals, and he faced Heather. Two more Weres stood at the entry way of the door of the restaurant's inner division and offices, and several paired guards patrolled the building grounds and garden parameters. Rex, the head of security didn't interfere and let Heather handle her sector. With hands on hips, wide stance and no nonsense stare, Heather informed Daniel, "By all means, remove them all carefully one at a time. You can use the bench to your right behind you if you require. Hand your weapons over to Rex for safekeeping. Your weapons will be returned to you in the same condition we received them, and they'll receive the care they deserve. What you do with them outside these walls and off our territory is your own business. It's your right to protect yourself as you see fit."
Daniel used his thumb and first finger and extracted the pocket knife first. He handed it to Rex. The sheathed knives on his calf were next. He removed the concealed knives in adept movements and held them tip down fast enough to move Ben, Graham, and Rex closer. Heather remained were she was and lifted an eyebrow at Daniel's skill level and swiftness. She said, "Impressive Agent Fisher." Daniel brought the twin knifes together in a joined double blade and handed the rare twin blade over hilt first. Rex accepted the blades and said, "Interesting tools you carry." Daniel shrugged and replied, "They work well for me." Ben commented, "I'm quite sure they do, and we've been duly warned." Graham conjectured never at a loss for words or a particular comment, "Bet the one he wears closest to his heart is very special." 
Daniel didn't look Graham's way before he pulled his shirt out from his pants and unbuttoned it. He never took his eyes off Heather and inquired before he bared his chest, "If I may Madame?" Heather smiled at Daniel's subtle taunt and commented, "Unless you know another way. I believe I'll be able to contain myself." Daniel pushed aside his shirt and used the same two finger method to pull out the plain dark bone hilted blade from its holster. Heather took one look at the blade and said, "We'll hear your petition to keep your personal blade with you. I'm ten feet from you and can see it's no throwaway blade, especially given where you wear it." Daniel handed over the blade and answered, "I accept your word." Heather affirmatively shook her head in answer and didn't counter Agent Fisher's words. Nothing more needed to be said. A Werekind's pledged word was a sealed bargain. Rex handed Daniel's two other possessions over to Ben and returned to Daniel and reverently held out open palms to accept Daniel's personal blade. Rex called over one of the guards who brought over a lined box, specifically designed to hold heirlooms and important objects. The guard completed the task promptly, because this was not an unusual request among Werekind and Otherkind visitors.
Heather continued, "A review of the rules. Don't approach Owen any further than I am to you now. If Owen changes those rule, it's his choice to do so. Don't push for answers not named by ours. You're able to ask questions. Don't assume all will be answered though. It goes without saying, if a cardinal rule is broken, what the consequences are. I'm sure you're well versed on those given your current position. Clear?" Daniel buttoned his shirt. He hastily tucked in the front and left the back out. His unusual belt buckle was exposed, and he answered, "Absolutely."
Heather walked Daniel into the meeting room. Rex followed, after he handed over the heirloom box for Graham and Ben to guard. Owen and his brother Adrian stood when Daniel entered the room. Rex and Heather took up posts at the closed door. Daniel waited for Owen to speak first. Owen gave his guest a direct stare and said, "Agent Daniel Fisher, welcome to River's End. We appreciate your willingness to come on this short notice." Owen left off the restaurant part of the name which implied it was part of a larger held territory.
The White River Alpha's nod to causal wear was a crisp white shirt with the top two buttons undone and rolled sleeves, black dress slacks, and bare feet instead of his standard formal suit, shoes, and tie. Owen offered, "Please feel free to make yourself comfortable in whatever manner you require. Please accept the full hospitalities of this place. We'll forego normal formal protocol. My brother Adrian will attend and of course Rex and Heather behind you." Daniel returned, "Acceptable." Owen gestured to a group of chairs and mentioned, "Please take a seat. Any special concerns or requests?" Daniel wisely selected the chair furthest away from Owen and stated, "No, if something becomes an issue. I'll speak." After Daniel was seated, Owen and Adrian sat down. Owen asked, "Agent Daniel Fisher, may I offer you refreshments?" Daniel didn't deny Owen from being a good host. He accepted and answered, "Please call me Daniel. An ice water with lime slices sounds appealing." Heather opened the door and whispered to someone right outside and returned to her station.
Drinks were served. Daniel was given the first pick, and his rings rang from the metal strikes against the serving tray. That action drew Owen's focus to Fisher's visible ornaments on his being. Owen explained, "I asked for you because of your reputation and a correlation of your appearance around specific activities, particularly the rash of missing people affecting the Humankind/Werekind jointly populated areas. And more recently, an attempt to overrun the Alpha of Northeastern Werekind Coyote territory. Buckner sends his thanks and appreciation. He asked me to extend his invitation of welcome anytime you're near his area. For the record, I didn't ask about your business with Buckner or any others. My inquiry was strictly to find a knowledgeable individual in both Werekind and human matters. Your name came up more than once and all in such a short period of time, quite remarkable. Imagine my surprise to find you here, and I didn't have to look far to find you."
Daniel took a long drink and finished off his glass of water. He took the time to place the glass bull's-eyed on the coaster. Daniel turned the coaster a half turn and directed his gaze at Owen. Daniel said, "Let's cut to the chase. This is about increased rogue activities in this and the surrounding areas. The central territories are managed well and require little or no WAA involvement even though our central offices are located here, a true indication and result of the hard work and consistency of the local and surrounding organizations. We have encroachment into territories not seen in recent times." In affirmation, Owen nodded his head and stated, "I concur. There are rogue activities here. We don't require assistance at this time and ask if the WAA has any knowledge of similar notices?" Daniel relayed to the White River Territory Werekind Coyote Alpha, "I'm unable to provide specifics at this time. We're willing to collaborate once more particulars are ascertained. A couple of items are of interest here and related to the near territories. Do I have your permission to work your territory to hunt for answers?" Owen considered before asking, "If the answer is no, what will you do?" Daniel answered quickly and pointedly, "What I need to do to resolve the situation." Owen stood up and approached Daniel, and Daniel copied his actions. Adrian mirrored his brother and was behind Owen by one pace. Owen clasped Daniel's inner wrist in a nontraditional handshake, and Daniel did the same in a strong solid grip. Owen replied, "I can appreciate honesty. Collaboration in solving our mutual concerns helps both Werekind and human divisions and communities. My brother will assist you." Adrian also exchanged handshakes with Daniel.
Owen asked, "Will Monday meetings work for you and agreement to contact one another before major actions are taken?" Fisher responded, "Mondays will work for me, and you can get the official WAA standing on the agreement from the director."
In the lobby, Daniel retrieved his blades and replaced them as Owen watched. The front door opened, and a guard announced, "We have an arrival." Rex, Adrian, and Heather made sure they were positioned between Daniel and Owen. Ben and Graham walked to the door and saw a silver car pull up in front of the restaurant and watched as Nicole Brenner stepped out. Graham remarked, "Looks as though you're done with our company." Owen commented, "Timely arrival of your colleague. I'll expect a call from Director Slater to solidify our arrangement."
As Daniel and his associate drove off, Rex asked, "Impressions?" Owen replied, "Agent Daniel Fisher is the WAA equivalent of a Hunter plain and simple. It's in his blood, and it's in his breath of the spoken words he speaks. Fisher didn't hesitate in the oath handshake. He's here to do a job, and that job may overlap our current concerns." Adrian assessed, "He's as apt as any Werekind and is able to lull you into a false security. Convincing and extremely dangerous. He gives out enough information to bring you in and leaves out enough to make you wonder where he stands." Owen steepled his hands in a moment of thought and concluded, "We watch him and bide our time. He didn't conceal everything. We'll see what information he can bring us."
Graham retrieved a file locked in a lobby desk and handed it to Owen. Close-up pictures included Daniel's left hand thumb and first digit finger rings engraved with a bold line crossed at one end by a shorter finer line and longer thicker line, belt buckle with a raised image of an ancient stone arrowhead, and his assorted blades. Owen took in the details of the images and handed the file to his brother Adrian. Rex said, "The pictures don't do the double blades or his personal blade justice. The double blades were made by only a few possible known artisans, and he knew to petition for an heirloom item to be kept on his body and didn't." Owen thought about everything presented to him and stated, "We'll work to find out what his full agenda is as we work with him to obtain information for the Monroes. Agent Fisher is a powerful skilled entity who I doubt is human, and I don't trust him enough to alienate him." Owen stopped speaking as his eyes flashed over bright coyote then cleared to their inherent hazel. He continued, "He's in our company now. As for the WAA, they will never get the better of us."
Moon Ridge Werekind Great Cat Territory
Bryce informed the Monroes, "Welcome to Moon Ridge. Eric is showing Dylan and Peter around the lair. Rules are lax here. Make yourselves at home. Help yourselves to what you need. There's a list in the kitchen, main lair great room, and garage if you don't see what you require. Both Eric and I are your sources for questions and concerns. We've past the word there will be young and females here, so the males know to be on their better behavior. Best behavior for a cat is well... a stretch. Warn you, Werekind Great Cats are in their animal forms more than either Werekind Wolves or Werekind Coyotes, and you'll see individuals in both forms. No one in either form will harm any of you. Caution, resist the common urge to pet fur unless you want company. I believe you know what I speak of without going into details, since we have young ears listening. Be blunt if you want company. Best, ask who you find interest in and misunderstandings will be avoided."
Bryce looked directly back at Tristan and said, "It's safe to run here. Grab someone before you go out, because our primary goal is your safety. If you need to duel, the younger ones still haven't gotten that out of their systems and arrangements will be made. To clarify for all of you, a duel is a fight in either form short of serious injury, so fight strategies are learned and wildness is burned off."
Bryce continued, "Alexis, you're not to lift anything heavier than your fork while you're here. Your health and wellbeing are as important as your safety. Blake is in good hands here and will find plenty of volunteers to keep him occupied. Same with Tristan. If no one's present which is extremely unlikely, go to the room in front of the kitchen. Someone is assigned to the main office at all times. Go through me or Eric for outside calls or to contact anyone away from here. Any questions? Let's get you all settled and somewhere more comfortable."
****
The bright bedside clock read two eleven a.m. which was a typical time for Tristan to wake covered in a film of sweat with his heart pounding from nightmares and night struggles. He untwisted from the bedcovers, swung around and sat up, pushed his damp hair out of his face, and sat in the light's glow of the clock. His hands gripped the mattress, his head hung down, and the room's walls pressed in on him.
Tristan walked into the bathroom, ran water to the coldest possible, and wiped the sweat from his overheated body with icy water. He pulled on a pair of loose fitting pants, slipped on a button up shirt and left it open. Shoes and socks were omitted, and the cold floor cooled his fervent state. Glinted eyes hinted at his other natures, and Tristan negotiated the dark hallway with no difficulties. The lair was quiet and moving forms lurked among the dim. Stark flat surfaces where a backdrop for elongated shadows and shadowed figures. Several honed in on Tristan's movements including Dylan, Peter, and a few lair members in addition to Bryce and Eric. When they all converged on Tristan, Eric waved Bryce off. Eric signaled for Bryce to remain in the lair. Eric presumed he, Dylan, and Peter could handle whatever Tristan threw out.
Antsy and craving fresh free air, Tristan stood in the entry and vacillated between leaving alone and doing as Bryce asked. The recent shooting incident involving Jordan reversed his steps away from the door to find someone. Although the Moon Ridge Territory was vast, so was Blue Lake Lodge Territory, and the Monroes were tracked there. Tristan realized his actions could impact the entire existence of all of the Monroes including himself.
Those around Tristan observed his unsettled state. Eric spoke up first, "Is your other form close to the surface?" Arctic Werekind Wolf Hunter, Dylan added, "Others in this case, at least two." Tristan pushed back the compressed itchy wildness and responded tightly, "Yes. Need to get outside. Run. Feel the night air. Walls pushing in." Eric and the others sensed his struggle, and they moved towards the door. A quick burst of grouped whistles from Eric signaled two prowling guards.
Peter decided to go and for Dylan to stayed in the lair. Tristan ran after receiving a signal from one of the guards to follow. The second guard took up the rear position after Eric and Peter. Until Tristan was shoulder to shoulder with him, the first guard kept a fast even pace. The guard then ran faster which pushed Tristan to keep up. Tristan reveled in the feel of the wind on his face and the freedom of the open spaces. He released penned up ferocity and moved away from blighted memories. Although Tristan's strength of will was strong, his body wasn't yet ready to accept the full sprint pace of an uninjured mature Werekind, or Otherkind, and he pulled up. The lean serious guard crowded Tristan and peppered his face with hot taunting words which ended with, "Enough?" Tristan leashed out savagely and jumped towards the guard named Sean. Not surprised, Sean met the challenge easily and batted Tristan's curled hands, which mimicked claws, away from his face and neck. Tristan fought to maintain his balance. He was forced to grapple for firm earth under his good leg and twisted to avoid blows and kicks. Sean countered and hit Tristan in the side.
In a surge, Tristan pushed Sean away several feet. Sean leaped and knocked Tristan to the ground, and the Werekind Great Cat formed clawed nails that pierced Tristan's skin. Sean leaned his weight on Tristan's chest and asked, "Duel more." Tristan conceded and replied tightly, "No." Duel over Sean stood and grasped Tristan's right forearm and roughly hauled him upright.
Tristan ignored the trickled trails of blood that slid down his chest and abdomen. Sean suggested, "A word of advice while you're at Moon Ridge, the scent of blood will only attract larger predators, and the weak don't last long. If you want a fight, fine. You'll have plenty of opportunity here. You may have a better outcome when you're centered and in control though. If you'd attacked an elder, you would carry a deep cutting reminder of that attempt. You don't know our society's rules and have lived an existence outside of our walls and territories. That will gain you a pause of consideration. Don't assume that time will be long. Life moves fast and is full of dangers for both Werekind and Otherkind. It's simple for you. Remember you're not human. You're Otherkind and will be treated as such by all here. Don't think otherwise. Werekind and Otherkind societies don't coddle pass the young years. You challenged. Therefore, you are no longer a young. Inexperienced maybe, young not." Sean whacked Tristan hard on a shoulder and dared him to challenge again. Tristan shot his eyes towards Sean, and turned his mouth in a slight smile and communicated the message of 'not dealing with an unintelligent individual here. Uninformed maybe, but far from brainless'.
Eric offered Tristan, "If you're able to transform, it will heal those paltry marks quicker. We can help if you require. Only say the words. Sean realized you're in a weaken state and didn't push your limit. We're not the uncivilized and brutal group of Werekind we're depicted to be." Eric continued, "You need to stay a time in one or both of your forms during the unbalanced state you're currently in. You recently transformed for the first time, true?" Tristan rotated his neck and shoulder blades to relieve the bowstring tension which shifted the skin over his deep back scars. He answered, "True." Sean and the second guard scented and scanned the far and near grounds. They both stayed on high alert. Peter asked Tristan, "Heard about your scars. Mind if we look?" Tristan mopped up his chest with his balled up shirt and turned, so they all could see. Even Eric of Werekind Great Cat traditions expressed shock and said, "Some of those are old and deep. What monstrosity attacked you young?" Peter guessed, "You crossed the path of a rogue Werekind at some point. Didn't you Tristan?" Eric looked at Peter then back at Tristan, "Release those buried memories. You can't control the want to strike out at something or someone. That reaction has something to do with past experiences." Peter added, "And it's worse since your initial transformation. I agree with Eric. You need to talk to someone, so you can gain balance and push past it." Eric sensed Tristan digression to quiet and stillness and suggested, "How about we hold those thoughts. To explain, while you're here and in other Werekind groups, the younger ones teach those knowing less than them. There is an expectation for all to participate. Even though the rules are harsh and narrow here, you will have safety lines and support. Best piece of advice is to think before you act. And ask yourself if it's the right and true decision. Then ask yourself where will you end up when the decision is made and motions are finished? We all realize this is a formative development period and know you didn't have opportunities of forehand knowledge or ideal placement. Be mindful and warned even with those deficits, it won't excuse blind acts of reproachable behavior, passing knowledge of Werekind and Otherkind to those not in our circle of knowing, and plain and simple senselessness. Tristan, I'm confident in your intelligence and abilities to learn in whatever environment you're in."
Peter further encouraged, "We all are available and will help you navigate your way through your transformation and transition times." Eric asked, "Questions?" Tristan wiped away the blood again running down his chest and answered with an edge to his voice, "No, all clear. Kind of curious what you consider brutal and uncivilized, although I have enough sense not to ask that question." Tristan turned his back on his elders and walked on. He didn't give anyone a chance to answer, a clear show of steeliness, bravado, and an abundant attitude. Tristan walked on alone ahead of the others. He favored his injured leg and held his bloody shirt.
Eric commented, "Nothing wrong with his confidence or courage. Hopefully, he'll learn discretion and live to see his elder years." Peter revealed, "His characteristics are similar to mine when I was younger." Eric enlightened Peter, "Heard about your gatekeeper abilities with Owen's elites." Peter shrugged and offered, "I was following orders." Eric did not hear Peter's answer ring sincere and said, "Right." Eric asked Sean to meet them back at the lair and to have another pick up his duty. The group went back to the lair where Eric showed Tristan an outside shower setup with a cabinet which contained sweatpants, lighter sports pants, and assorted pullover shirts.
Tristan cleaned up under the moon's light and the night's shade. In the environment of Great Cats, he easily shimmered from human to cat and back to human form again. After changing forms, the small wounds on his chest closed. More comfortable and in less pain, he completed his shower and went inside the lair. Tristan didn't make it to his room without notice and was nabbed by Sean and another younger male. Sean told Tristan that he and his friend were going to the den and insisted he join them. Tristan was unsuccessful backing away from the invite and thought 'new keepers'. He presented them with a cool aloof face which didn't affront the Werekind Great Cats in the least.
Meanwhile outside, Peter visited the darkness and the open environment to recoup and rejoin a part of himself. On the territory of Werekind Great Cats, he shed his clothes and with little effort shifted to his cat form. He welcomed the night and stretched his seldom used sinewed shape. Reunited after a long absence, Peter welcomed the feline side of his mother's share of his whole makeup. Those born with two ruling natures were known as twofold, doublet, and dual hearted in the Werekind World. Twofold individuals lived a challenged life and fought for steadiness to maintain a cohesive balanced mind and spirit. They were physically stronger than most Werekind and unpredictable at times. Double spirited individuals straddled sanity as well as two polarizing soul parts.
Twofold Werekind could control which Werekind side surfaced including scent control and transformation ability. They spent the majority of the time in one of their two forms. For Peter, his chosen major side was Werekind Wolf. Peter let the light breeze touch his soul, and he felt reenergized as he picked of his heavy paws and sprinted in an earth turning run. He zipped between a crowd of willowy saplings and the rough bark of gnarled older trees. He reveled in the scent laden environment and the brush of foliage on his body. Fast of flight on padded feet, he avoided large rocks and other obstacles. He hugged the ground and sprinted in a tandem dance amid nature. Joy and exhilaration flooded Peter's body, and he sped on his flying feet. His exuberance was infectious and several solitary night cats joined his race. At the end of the run, Eric and several others shifted. Eric welcomed Peter, the twofold Werekind Great Cat and Werekind Wolf blend, and said, "Good Dark our special Brother. We welcome you to our territory and thank you for trusting us to see your less seen face. You're welcome to share Moon Ridge, and we extend our territory anytime you seek as your spirit is pure and you hold no harmful intent. We recognize your change was optional. We welcome your whole as we welcome each separate spirit." All took turns and grasped Peter alternating right and left forearm, a greeting reserved for a limited few individuals who survived their duality. Peter's deep emotions surfaced, and he responded in his inherent noble manner, "I'm humbled and accept the offer of extended territory." In that moment, Eric instinctively knew he was in the presence of preeminence and understood Peter was of a supreme lineage. It was a stroke of knowing, be it fate born or mystery honed. Eric followed his instinct and said, "Brother, I'm afraid your lineage has slipped through. Your imperial heritage is bleeding to surface." Eric stepped back and bowed his head. Peter intervened and explained, "I left that a long time ago. I prefer to keep my past and heritage unsaid. I'm Peter, guard and member of the Guardian Shield Circle at the Werekind Wolf Blue Lake Lodge." Eric replied, "As you will. The subject is closed and will be broached first and only by you to open. My pardon." Peter pushed sorrow and nostalgia away from his somber past. He answered, "No fault. No pardon necessary. Shall we move forward?" Inward, Eric smiled at Peter's inability to mask his heritage and said, "Of course. Let's move on." In a supportive move and gesture, Eric used the same stride length as Peter as they walked back to the lair.
****
Jordan woke early before the light of day. Nervous energy drove her out of bed, and she prepared for the day. Fully dressed, brushed, and cleaned, Jordan only burned a small amount of her excess energy and sought avenues to relieve the rest. Away from her normal routines of work and hobbies which included cooking, walking, hiking, and gardening and currently limited in activities and locales compressed Jordan's energy to that of a lit powder keg.
Jordan checked on her sister and nephew. She found Alexis sleeping and Blake awake lying still. Jordan gestured a hush to Blake and motioned for him to come to her. She grasped his hand, took him to the bathroom to complete his morning routine, and selected a top and pants for him. Jordan considered shoes for Blake until she remembered the norm to venture shoeless and didn't see a problem for them to follow suit. Jordan combed Blake's soft wavy hair and pulled him into a quick loving hug. Blake responded by giving his traditional head rub. Jordan touched Blake's shoulder, looked in his amber eyes, traced a finger down his nose, and whispered, "You're a sweet boy." Blake answered with a mischievous grin.
Jordan followed the dim lit hallway as she held Blake's hand. She picked up on moving individuals not yet seen. When she paused, the others did also. Curious she called out, "I know my movements are being watched. My nephew is with me. Hope that's okay." Bryce called out as he walked up, "No problem, Rayna Jordan. Seems you're aware as we are. A trait more cat than wolf. Heard of Hunters and a few select Werekind Wolves able to track beyond scent or visuals."
Dylan asked from the background, "May I share information we found about your family?" Jordan replied, "Weird way to carry on a conversation. Meet up and discuss. Okay?" Dylan answered as he intercepted the other two, "Acceptable approach. Good instincts to meet and observe before exchanging information." Bryce arrived first and gallantly nodded his head to Jordan and said, "Rayna, you're welcome to wander the lair as you require." Next, Bryce dropped down to Blake's eye level and said, "Good dark little brother," and he tousled Blake’s neatly combed hair. Solemn, Blake replied, "Blake." Bryce offered again, "Good dark Blake." Once again, Bryce rearranged Blake's hair and rubbed his back in the Werekind's touch driven manner of sharing kinship and bonding familiarities.
Bryce placed Blake on his shoulders while Dylan prompted again, "May I tell Bryce of my first meeting with your sister?" Dylan explained after he received Jordan's approval, "While in a fevered state and with little knowledge of Werekind, Alexis identified me as an Arctic Werekind Wolf Hunter far from my birth home. We believe the Monroes are of the ancient Dar Bloodline and evidently carry some of those unique abilities." Bryce concurred, "As I have brief knowledge of Werekind annals and in the presence of blind proof, I agree. When I first met you and your sister, I didn't get any outward signs or scents that either of you was anything but Humankind. Given new experiences and longer exposure time around you both, I now support a different opinion. On the other hand, Blake and Tristan are Werekind and Otherkind respectively on physical and elemental levels. Their push of power is more than the seen." Dylan spoke, "Blake is a first of rule. He carries the Dar bloodline and unknown full dynamics of such. We don't understand you or Alexis's abilities. Your entire family is important to Werekind societies because of the significance in the reemergence of an important and powerful ancient bloodline." Jordan told Bryce and Dylan, "Alexis knows more than I do about our past family history. As for abilities, Alexis has special senses above mine. Werekind viewpoints and perspectives will help us both." Bryce encouraged and replied "It will be an honor and privilege to listen to your sharing Rayna." Dylan said, "I extend my offer as well Luna."
Blake's loud growling stomach broke up the conversation. Bryce, a good host spoke while he jostled Blake on his shoulders, "A call for food." Bryce requested from his a near lair mate, "Frederick, we have a hungry guest who requires attention." Frederick, betwixt and between his young and elder years replied, "A young's hunger must be addressed at once and always. Rayna, I'll watch over the young, make sure he eats well, and gets plenty of activity if you agree." Bryce guaranteed Jordan, "Blake will be well with Frederick, I vow. Werekind treasure and protect any progeny. Bad treatment is not tolerated." Dylan piped in, "I checked on Tristan. He's well. He got up earlier. He's in the den with Peter." Bryce playfully swung Blake from his shoulders and threw him to Frederick much to Blake's delight. Frederick easily caught Blake and tossed him high in the air a few more times which set off a round of giggles from Blake.
With her heart in her throat as Blake's surrogate mother, Jordan said, "No throwing my nephew." Frederick answered after he put Blake down, "Rayna, we'll abide by your words." Bryce added, "Keep in mind, your nephew is a sturdy Werekind young, and we treat him as one of ours." Jordan saw Blake's happy face and compromised, "He's happy. Not so high, okay?" The men assented." With a pointed glare, Jordan showed Frederick her fierce protective nature. She kissed her nephew's cheek and said, "I'm available anytime for my family."
Dylan assessed Jordan closely and asked her, "Are you okay? I'm getting some strange energy vibrations off of you." Bryce commented on her tense restless state, "Strong power pulses feel absolutely Werekind to me. How do you feel?" Jordan confessed, "Antsy, restless. Concerned about people and situations. Mind is running free given all the time to think. I need activity. That's why I'm up early." Dylan met Bryce's eyes over Jordan's head. Bryce abruptly changed the direction of the conversation and asked "Hungry?" Aware of the conversation change up, Jordan answered, "Extremely." Bryce suggested, "I'll take you to the kitchen for breakfast before I check on your sister." Dylan said, "Mind if I join you?"
Jordan shifted her eyes between Bryce to Dylan several times and added, "Before we go, tell me what's going on with you two with the silent communication thing." Bryce responded, "Very observant. Some of the traits you described are what Werekind and Otherkind experience prior to transforming or could be nothing at all. Only time will tell. I didn't want to broach the subject to you blindly without the benefit and support of your kin." Jordan said, "I've felt this way before." Bryce added, "Different set of circumstances and totally different environment and company. We're working in an unknown realm." Dylan said, "I'll ask Marcus if he has knowledge of anyone with Werekind heritage who appears human and was able to transform. Maybe your vicinity among Werekind has enhanced deep rooted abilities and engaged your latent Werekind genetics. I honestly don't know." Bryce commented, "Nor do I. We'll research it and see what develops. No more secret communication. We don't have anything to hide from your family."
***
Later in the lair, Jordan commandeered the kitchen and asked for a cushy chair and ottoman to be brought in for Alexis. She corralled Frederick and Tristan as her temporary staff. In the walk-in freezer, she found meat in quarter and half carcass sections and a few smaller pieces, dozens of whole fowl selections, and an odd assortment of 'I won't touch those ever, and you will never convince me it taste like chicken items'. Tristan and Frederick cut up chickens and sliced vegetables then were released from kitchen duty. The smell of cooking meat brought more than a few to investigate including Bryce who looked at the amount of food and suggested Jordan double it if she planned on feeding everyone in the lair without causing a stampede or bloodshed. He quickly butchered the necessary chickens for Jordan and gauged the piles of chopped vegetable and duplicated it with unbelievable knife skills.
Bryce explained cooking by other than their hands won't go unnoticed. Jordan asked, "Could you check on Alexis and if she's awake be kind enough to bring her down. She needs some time out of bed." Bryce grabbed some cheese from one of the prepared snack trays, popped all four pieces in his mouth and 'mm-hmm' an agreement around pieces of cheese. He was helping so she didn't enact Monroe kitchen rules.
A short time while later, Alexis held Blake while Jordan mixed up a giant batch of noodle ingredients. The kitchen was bathed in delectable aromas of home and hearth. Alexis was quiet and introspective. Jordan let her be and took solace in her family's company and nearness. The silence was a relief and pushed away uncertainties at least for a short time. The sisters’ unbreakable kinship bond held tight even during tests and that bond was bound by inner strength and serenity. Words weren't necessary to carry the message of closeness and security.
The blaring beep of the oven brought a host of investigating helping hands. Jordan clapped the flour from her hands and armed them in a pair of well-padded oven mitts. She jabbed a mitt and silenced the oven alarm and told the horde of cookie nabbers and volunteer taste testers, "It won't be much longer. Get back from the door. I'll yell when it's ready." Jordan's announcement didn't sway Eric, and he advanced into the kitchen with his gleaming green eyes aimed at his target. Jordan placed the pans of cookies on trivets. In the time in between, a hot cookie was taken, and the nabber was on his way out of the room. Jordan flipped off one mitt. In a snap, she firmly grabbed Eric's shirt and stopped him dead in his tracks. Standing six foot three inches in his bare feet, he was no lightweight young. Eric's raised eyebrows told the tale. She shushed him before he attempted an explanation, and he took the opportunity to fast chew the evidence.
Jordan rounded and faced the cookie bandit. With a steel driven voice and demeanor, Jordan announced, "You just earned kitchen duty." Eric opened his mouth to dissuade the cookie baker, and Alexis quietly advised him, "Believe me, you're better off remaining quiet and accepting the sentence. Cookie nabbing is a serious offense in the Monroe household." Eric raised one eyebrow and commented, "Serious offense in a Monroe household is not the same here at Moon Ridge." Jordan informed Eric, "Doesn't matter. If we're cooking, our rules apply. Right sister?" Alexis concurred, and Jordan continued, "Back to your kitchen duty, ever make noodles? No. Today is the day you learn." Alexis persuaded, "Jordan is a skilled cook, and I can't think of anything she makes I don't like. The thought of her chicken and noodles is making my mouth water."
Eric considered the Monroe sisters potential combined talents, debated the wisdom of breaking Monroe kitchen rules, and grudgingly complied to learning the skill of noodle craft which turned out to be more taxing than he imagined. For Eric, important cat dictates of getting what you wanted included the process of patiently stalking and waiting for the right moment or opportunity to strike. Another dictate was to appear as nonchalant as a long fanged razor sharp clawed predator could pull off and never ever appear to rush.
Wrist deep in dough muck, Eric shook his head and further thought, cat dictates be damned. Jordan had outwitted him to work in her stead and was not in the least intimidated by his scowling scarred visage or press of his power. Eric viewed Jordan with her feet up as she sipped her customary cup of tea as the noodles were being made. He was currently dusted to elbows in her scheme. Eric fought the urge to flee the sticky trap of tenuous flour ooze and fought a grimace when Jordan called out, "Needs more flour."
For good behavior and little whining, he received one cookie out of every pan baked. Given the smells of the rest of the offerings, Eric planned to team up with the rest of those of the lair to ruse Jordan without actually asking her. Eric considered Jordan a wee bit cantankerous, and she didn't shy away from confrontations unlike her calm reserved sister.
Eric was astonished by the fact he was given kitchen duty in his own lair and willing accepted it, but those crispy edged disks of goodness were worth the supposed offense. Eric intended to lament to the others about the duty and finagle a way into kitchen duty whatever the assigned task. He complimented Jordan as crafty and fast to trap her prey, and Alexis for nimbly assisting her sister. Awake on his mother's lap and wrapped in protective arms, Blake watched and took it all in, and Tristan was well, Tristan. Eric thought "Interesting family."
****
The first caller stated, "Things didn't go as planned. The hired rogue's kin received notification of the impending arrival of his remains along with the standard compensation fee. Pointless to send another to the Blue Lake Lodge Territory. They and their allies are on guard for future attacks and inquiries. Care to enlighten me what you heard and saw?" The second caller responded, "No. You got all you're going to get from me. I don't like the idea of being torn to pieces as a traitor." First caller explained, "I'll give you a week to change your unwise decision, or you'll be named a traitor by an anonymous source." Second caller pleaded, "The first time I got lucky and wasn't questioned on the rogue's ability to cross into our territory. Someone is bound to start putting pieces together if more information is leaked." The first caller stated again, "One week," and he disconnected the call.
Burned Hollows
Burned ruins were concealed by years of overgrowth and weeds. Multiple decades prior, cast fire reduced the sturdy dwelling to scattered pieces of rubble, singed stones and bricks, and chance pieces of debris which survived the flash heat. The last residence of one hidden branch of blood kin set afire and heaved a ground lay fallen. Thick fog swirled creeping fingers and wispy flumes over, around, and through the abandoned dwelling's hearth hollows. Moisture dripped over layers of ash, decay, and opportunist growth and slipped to lie in dank shallow pools. Whispers from yesterdays exuded from roaming shadows and vacant spaces were a testament of destruction, pain, sorrow, and lost lives. Creaks and groans of shifted bits and pieces sounded with wind stirred leaves and stems in the copious nearby trees. Insect and bird songs sliced through the silence of Walker land.
White River Werekind Coyote Territory
Rex rushed the partial concealed car parked off road next to River's End and surprised the hired seeker. The caught man flipped the camera onto the paper laden passenger seat. Rex easily stopped the window from going up and stripped the keys from the seeker's hand. The man shrunk away and left room for Rex to push the car's unlocking button. Graham opened the passenger side door, picked up the camera, took photos of the car's occupant and different angles of the car's interior and exterior including the car's license plate. He handed the camera to a nearby associate and slid into the car. Graham tapped the seeker on the shoulder to gain his attention, and the man dropped his hands on his knees in plain sight of both Werekind. Rex leveled a penetrating look at the car's driver and asked, "Do you require assistance? Your vehicle is stopped next to our facility." Beads of sweat lined the man's forehead. Rex reached over and pulled a few hairs from the man's head and pocketed them.
Graham commented, "You appear uncomfortable for an innocence soul. Want to unburden yourself. Between the noxious smell you're oozing, the hair taken from your head, the pictures taken, you won't escape us. The right or wrong words will decide if you leave us at all. Now is not the time to hedge from truths." Rex asked the man, "Who sent you? Give us the name, and we won't involve the authorities." Graham enlightened the human information seeker, "To make it clear, we're talking about our authorities, not yours." The man's eyebrow's shot up which signaled knowledge of the Werekind official and unofficial justice system.
Rex tapped the information seeker on the shoulder and explained, "This amounts to subterfuge and spying against ours, and you've been witnessed. Name and how did they contact you." The man spoke, "Marshall. That's all he said." He rattled off a memorized phone number with a North Carolina prefix and continued, "He asked for pictures of this location, a large compound of homes, and a few other places. The plan was for me to wait for a call to arrange a pickup location in three days."
The mention of the Westside compound in addition to River's End brought Rex to stand up straight, and he whipped a question to the information seeker, "Do you know anything other than the addresses you were given to monitor. Don't hesitate and answer truthfully. You've crossed a serious line in the information you seek." The seeker looked directly into Rex's eyes and answered incisively, "No, the locations mean nothing to me." Graham suggested, "Forget this assignment, forget these locations, forget any names mention to you, and forget about anything you may have witnessed, heard, or even imagined about any of this. You know nothing. Absolutely nothing."
Rex asked for the information seeker's left hand palm side up, and the man extended the requested in trembling form. Rex's eyes glittered violently and short hairs pushed out of his facial skin. He dropped the car keys into the information seeker's hand and said while he restrained himself from transformation, "Leave while you still can. Tell this Marshall to come directly to us if he wants information. If we ever get the scent or sight of you, or spoken words are traced back to you, you will be terminated." Graham added after he left the car, "If I were you, I suggest you limit time out after dark. Heard about some unfortunate people caught unaware by feral packs of dogs running loose in the city. Even heard about some possibly being coyotes. You're free to go... For now."
Wild eyed, the information seeker took three tries to get the key into the car's ignition. He looked up and saw no one around. He checked all the windows, the car's back seat, and all of the car's mirrors. He breathed out a sigh of relief as cold drops of sweat ran down his back. The information seeker pulled his car away and didn't dare a look back.
***
Owen contemplated the images of the West Compound's entry gate and some shots of its tall concrete walls topped with double rows of arrowed hooks. He stopped when he got to the photo of Agent Fisher walking into River's End. He resumed flipping through photos of another visitor to the restaurant and studied pictures of the Monroe sisters' homes. Owen stopped again at several pictures of an unknown woman and her residence. Owen asked those gathered in his office, "The breaches are contained?" Promptly, Rex answered, "Yes and stray unknowns will be treated as suspect. The seeker appeared befuddled, and his act of confusion was convincing to the guard on duty. There was a mountain of maps and papers on the passenger seat of his car. The guard's been reassigned to work under more direct supervision after he unfortunately remembered he saw the vehicle more than once. Surveillance has been set up to take in the blind spots and notification was sent to the WAA. This impacts them also."
Owen looked at each sentry in attendance and stressed, "This was our first and last warning. Future breaches equals the loss of security of our communities, may equal the loss of our blood, and the loss of our peace. All unnecessary travel in and out of our compounds will cease. All unrecognized entry into any of our buildings and compounds is denied. Those working outside our organization's holdings have the option of remaining were they are. Limit communication to emergency calls and absolute necessities. If any of ours wavers or the smallest bell is rung contain the risk and bring the information to me. You all are my eyes and my ears. I'll contact the Blue Lake Lodge and pass on pertinent details. Ben, you're with Tony. Rex and Heather, you two are responsible for the complete security here and the West Compound. Spread the guards around the rest of the community. Adrian will be in charge while I'm gone and will remain at the West Compound. Call Agent Fisher and set up a meet at the West Reservoir tomorrow after we have fortified our current position and sealed all our doors." Owen's team responded and vowed, "Our oath is steel, our oath is heart, we are our oath never to part." Owen replied, "Make it so."
Later that night, Agent Daniel Fisher searched for a particular lone in the abandoned out buildings east of the city. He parked his car a mile from the area known to harbor lones and rogues who had distanced themselves from both human and Were societies. Fisher walked an indirect circle path and focused on his objective.
The lone called out when Agent Fisher was within one hundred feet of him, "Are you coming for information or are you coming to collect an overdue debt?" Fisher continued on a steady approach, and the lone presented his face and didn't retreat. Agent Fisher attempted to stay downwind of the putrid breath coming from the lone standing in front of him. He didn't want to guess at the Were's diet or the organisms attached to the spittle dripping from his mouth. He answered, "My job is not debt collections." The lone wiped his mouth on his tattered sleeve and answered, "I don't believe you. Not many walk up on me. Those that do want something. Some shadows walk and have long unforgiving memories."
The lone's torso was short of flesh which exaggerated his long legs. His face was shrunk wrapped skin on bone with eyes that radiated from dark crater pits, and his curled fingers hid elongated craggy fingernails between human and Werekind shape and length. The lone continued, "You want information?" He took a prolonged draw of breath in and told Agent Fisher, "Neither Werekind or human. Curious you smell of a Hunter off this plane. You say you're not here to collect my debt?"
Agent Fisher lifted his arms from his sides and stretched empty open palms to the lone and answered, "I hold no weapon." The lone waved Agent Fisher closer and replied, "We both know if you were here to collect, we wouldn't speak at all. I happen to like conversation. You are a kind Hunter to do me the curtsey and indulge me." Agent Daniel Fisher said to the forlorn soul before him, "The actual indulgence is mine to ask. I came to ask a favor."
Blue Lake Werekind Wolf Territory
Kaden dropped a message on Ryan's desk, sat in a chair next to William and Arthur, and commented, "Persistent lunatic. Sets in motion rogue attacks in our territory and sends messages to those he hunts." Ryan picked up the message address to Alexis Monroe in care of the Blue Lake Lodge and replied, "We'll send this to Alexis. It's her right to know its contents, and she'll determine the next move. William, I know you want to deliver this message." William confirmed, "You're aware my heart is split between here and where Alexis and Blake are. As much as I want to go, my duty is here. We have an adversary taking aim if not directly then indirectly at us." Arthur asked, "Is it time to bring the Conclave in officially?" Unsettled, Ryan answered, "No, first we have answers to extract and ground to fortify. We will assist the Monroe's in identifying their enemies and welcome them to share our home." Kaden added, "Owen may have something to say about that." Ryan commented, "That's yet to be seen. Depends on Jordan. We received some photos and information from the White River operations." Arthur accessed the computer and brought up the images of an unidentified woman and images of her residence, and the information seeker's other images. Arthur commented, "We're working with Ben and Tony and cross referencing all of our data and contacts carefully and don't want to get things out to the wrong source." William added, "But it may open information otherwise unknown." Ryan offered, "And end this. We'll send Alexis's message by Messenger." William added, "I'll send mine at the same time." Ryan replied, "A fair counter for the other."
White River Werekind Coyote Territory
Daniel Fisher stopped by the lone's hideout before meeting with the White River Territories' Alpha. Daniel dropped off care and hygiene items which included protein bars, Werekind varieties of jerky meats, bottled protein drinks and water, a couple of shirts and pairs of pants, undergarments, and a pair of shoes. In addition, Daniel left a card with contact information for a private Werekind clinic and phone number for pickup to a secure accommodation location. He wrote in bold script 'Use the code word Brindle to access the services. No payment or future engagement is expected'. Daniel returned a favor to Gray and concluded Gray was sent away or chose to leave the bounds of an elemental supportive framework. Daniel understood part of Gray's experience and had a number of dimensions of his own which included one of self, one of WAA representative, and one of Other. Daniel Fisher, true name Daniel, walked the lines between and of those individual parts. He recognized a lost soul and lent a hand to possibly bring another back. Time would speak, and he would see Gray again or the elements and the earth would claim another.
Daniel arrived a few minutes late to see Owen Miller. He pulled into the small lot with one single car and parked several spaces down from that car and waited. Owen got out and walked to a bench under several ash trees, and Daniel followed. Owen picked one side of the bench and Daniel the other. Owen opened up the conversation and said, "This is beginning to become a habit. Thank you for accommodating me. I appreciate your openness and flexibility." Daniel dipped his head in acknowledgement, and Owen commented, "I understand your job is with the WAA but your actions belie a history, blood, or deep association beyond what you appear. A small gesture such as the use of a head nod replacing the use of actual words says so many things." Daniel dipped his head again, smiled faintly, and shrugged his shoulders in another gesture of omitted words. Owen returned Daniel's smile and continued, "Will you answer if I asked the source of what I know is more than your mirrored self?"
Daniel finally answered with words, "I may share some history later but not today. Next subject, expect fairness and for me to inform you if you impair me." Owen regarded Daniel and assessed him closer before he answered, "Straight to the point. When you do use words, you duel well and cut effectively. Since you felt the need to warn me, let me return the favor. We run our territories and communities without the input of WAA or anyone else organized or not to make myself clear. Can we come to an agreement given both of our positions?"
Daniel stated, "I resolve situations. My presence is not meant to disrupt your current systems and established practices and is meant to clear up ambiguities and unsettlements. Getting to the point, I'm looking into rogue issues here. I've received word from someone in a near location that Seth Lewis is or has recently been in the area. His untraceable trail is painted in blood and disruption and is a particular focus of the WAA. In addition, there's been recent incidents involving a contract on a non-Werekind woman thought to emanate from territories around this area. There’s has been a number of break-ins, roughed up, and missing people. Whether the incidents are tied together or separate is something I'm working to find out."
Quiet for a few moments, Owen digested the presented information. He measured Daniel to be honest, blooded or deeply associated Otherkind, and Owen took a chance and shared more than he had planned. He disclosed, "I have information pertaining to that which you speak. I'll never release names or information not allowed by specific individuals. I'll contact those who may or may not be part of the situations you or yours trail or hunt. What answers they send will be theirs and in no way manipulated by me. My oath." Daniel expressed no wonder or surprise, "Accepted. I thank you and your community's willingness to bring what information they can to help solve difficulties for our mutual communities and maybe some Others." Owen smiled at Daniels mention of Others and nodded his head at Daniel's sharing a tiny trailing detail. Owen concluded, "Help solving mutual concerns benefits us all in the end."
Owen stood up and asked, "Are you opposed to a walk. The open calls for me to be active, and I crave the earth beneath the soles of my feet." Daniel enlightened, "It's something I appreciate also. My job affords the opportunity to be outdoors, and I'm seldom in an office. Indoors stifles the breath to breathe freely." Owen answered, "True," and continued, "While we're on the subject of the open. We came upon an information seeker feet from our territory, and he possessed photos of you entering River's End along with some others. We asked if he gave the photos to his contact, and he denied doing so." Daniel stopped scanning the surroundings and said, "The situation probably doesn't require any assistance from the WAA correct." Owen answered, "Correct. It's being handled. You deserve knowledge of the seeker, because it involves you. I owe you that much. You came to our territory and may be implicated on an unexpected level. I extend formal apologies." Daniel said, "No apology is necessary. I realize and embrace the risks of my chosen profession. Thank you for sharing the information. I hope at some point to see the rest of the photos from the seeker. I understand your position entirely and will accept any information you hold concerning another when and if you can give it. Nevertheless, I'll continue to look for my own answers."
Owen put a hand on Daniel's shoulder and said, "I don't have a doubt. Ever been told you have the smell and ambition of a born Hunter?" Daniel smiled and replied, "Yes." Owen quirked his head and asked, "Want to share a meal with us tonight at the West Compound. I promise to suspend from furtive interrogations or stifling business talk. Think of it as a new location welcome." Daniel considered and asked, "I appreciate the invitation. My scheduled is booked for the rest of today and tomorrow though. Possible to reschedule?" Owen pulled a card from his wallet and responded, "Use this number to reach me. I'm a good judge of character, and I want to extend an invitation despite your current employer." The WAA agent accepted the card from the White River Alpha and confirmed, "You'll hear from me."
Blue Lake Lodge Werekind Wolf Territory
Kaden and Monica, members of the Blue Lake Lodge Guardian Shield Circle, drove a roundabout path to rendezvous with a member of the mysterious Messengers who were used by Werekind, Otherkind, and anyone who required their services and knew of them. The Blue Lake representatives transported the latest message addressed to Alexis Monroe along with William's message to Alexis.
Where Werekind and Otherkind were present in human communities and operated in the unseen, Messengers originated in a time of cloak and daggers and still emulated those ways. The cost was high to use them and an absolute success rate was the reason why. No one understood how they accomplished those goals.
Kaden and Monica followed the instructions succinctly and stopped at the agreed upon time and location. The dark was a common tool used by Messengers, and the sender was expected to wait for their appearance. Monica sat in the truck's driver seat next to Kaden on a little used country road, and they halted all conversation and waited.
From the concealment of trees a brief time later, the Messenger appeared and paused once spotted by the truck's occupants. Monica flashed the truck light thrice per instructions. The Messenger was dressed in a long duster coat able to hide any number of implements of his trade. He wore boots, jeans, and a pullover shirt and carried a courier bag. The tall and broad Messenger went to the truck and presented a visible confidence born of legend. It was well understood one didn't approach or call them over as that was a breach no Walker willingly tolerated. Awash in anonymity, Messengers revealed foreboding presence and commanding aloofness. The dark haired male had his long hair secured to hang down his back. He walked to Kaden's side of the truck, stopped within ten feet, and motioned for the Blue Lake members to get out. Kaden and Monica complied and a breath of cool air touched the backs of their necks which caused them both to search the darkness behind them.
A female Messenger, in a similar cloaking clothing style as the first, dropped back into the dense shadows after Monica and Kaden were made aware of her presence. Kaden avoided the Messenger's mesmerizing silvered eyes and waited as if he had forever and a day. Monica gazed above the Messenger's head and contemplated the number of Messengers wearing night's cover currently observing her.
Appeased he wasn't being rushed, the Messenger spoke, "You have a message?" Kaden unfroze his tongue and answered, "Yes and the information was written out and left unspoken as instructed. If we can retrieve it from the truck?" In answer, the Messenger inclined his head. Monica opened the truck door and grabbed the packet and piece of paper which held Alexis's full name and current location. The Messenger, or Connell as was his commonly used name, accepted the message package and the slip of paper. He read the paper silently and committed the paper's contents to memory and secured the bundle of messages inside his satchel.
Connell ventured away a few yards. His breath ignited the paper holding Alexis's information and insured all of the written words vanished. He blew the ash residue to stir and disappear into the dark air. Connell moved back and told the two Blue Lake members, "Consider the contents delivered and out of your hands." Monica replied, "We wish you a safe and uninterrupted way." Kaden offered, "Good dark traveler." The Messenger responded, "Always and on your way." Business completed, the group parted and left in their separate directions. Kaden and Monica unwound their path back to the lodge as messages were mysteriously conveyed.
Masters of untraceable trails, Messengers primary duty sometimes brought tragedy, mundane business, announcements of birth, death, and other importance events. And sometimes mysterious Messengers brought relative surprises.
Moon Ridge Werekind Great Cat Territory
Jordan received two calls, one after another and spoke to both Allen and Owen briefly. Jordan learned Allen was recovering from his gunshot wounds and was able to return to the Blue Lake Territory. Owen's call was cordial, and he inquired about Jordan's wellbeing and asked how she was settling in. When done, Calvin asked if Jordan had left more suitors dangling in the wind, and she answered, "No suitors. Only new friends" Calvin responded "Do you believe that, Rayna? If you're here over long, those who call will find a way here." Sour faced, Jordan asked, "Where's Tristan?" Calvin kindly responded and refrained from pushing the previous subject along, "In the gym with Peter." Jordan thanked him for the information, and Calvin revealed, "Heard we received an express order of assorted nuts, spices, powders, weird kitchen implements, and that was only one box I sorted through." He attempted to say more, but Jordan was on the run to the kitchen to check out the newly arrived goods. Calvin would inform Eric operation 'lure the cook' was going according to plan.
Alexis's flesh was mending well and her stiffness and pain were abating. Although the weight of what was to come felt heavy, she pushed forward. Outside the lair, she held her son's hand and pointed and repeated the names of plants and other objects. Blake tested the words on his tongue and dutiful embraced learning at least for a short period. At his limit, he pulled his hand free and ran and investigated a lounging Werekind Great Cat. Blake jumped on Bryce, and Alexis rushed to grab him. Eric called, "He's with Bryce." Bryce rolled on his side as Blake climbed on and over his cougar form. Blake placed his hands on either side of Bryce's large felidae head and said, "Play cat?" Bryce rose onto his pawed feet and trotted off with Blake. They stalked anything that moved. The Werekind understood play for Blake taught his future Hunter skills.
Eric, Werekind Great Cat, and Dylan, Werekind Arctic Wolf Hunter, watched over Alexis and her son's outdoors foray. It was well understood Werekind spent time in nature when possible, and Alexis and her family were given those same opportunities.
Alexis's short curls shined in the sun's rays, and her eyes were brighter in the sun's magnificent light. She stretched her toes in her sandals, followed the urge to take off her shoes, and indulged in the feel of the soil beneath her feet. The sensation of the sun heated soil transported its way throughout her body, and she sighed in its enveloping warm solace. Alexis inhaled light mountain air and let go of weighed measures. She commented after she opened her eyes, "It's peaceful here. The land is beautiful and welcoming."
Dylan responded, "I agree. It's the right combination of things for different individuals." Eric considered Bryce playing in Were form with Alexis's son and then changed his view to the horizon and regarded the variable landscape. He expressed, "It's a sanctuary for those fortunate enough to experience this place." Alexis slipped her feet back into her sandals, watched Blake who played unaware of his family's broken peace, and considered calling him back into the lair. Eric sensed her debate and softly spoke, "He'll be fine." Alexis shook her head and did not answer aloud either way. She turned and walked back towards the lair. Dylan caught up and grasped Alexis's hand, and Eric encircled her shoulders with a strong arm as they all walked back. Protected, Blake was left to stalk invisible prey with Bryce in his cat form.
White River Werekind Coyotes Territory
Agent Daniel Fisher arrived at his rental home bone tired. Fishing for new leads had netted no gain. He unbuttoned his shirt, took off his binding shoes and socks, removed his wallet and belt, and sat in a chair exhausted. While he sat in his quiet house, he listened to the hum of electronics as well as the pronounced outside sounds loud to his sensitive ears. Daniel fought for an inner quiet and peace. His mind was cluttered with thoughts of rogues, lones, separate established territories and overlapping converging inhabitants, World Alliance Agency (WAA) and the bonds of his duty, humans, Werekind, Others, politics, secrets given and secrets kept, traditions and ancient histories, everyone's separate agendas and overlapping messages, and deviated meaning of rules and definitions of improprieties. His continuance required never forgetting his real role.
Daniel's challenging WAA duties steered clashing principles and entities into stable areas and dominions. Although all the communities of Werekind, Otherkind, and Humankind decided to abide by the agreements of the collective, the overseeing majority of human members were at the mercy of the others to maintain their own stabilities. The WAA worked diligently to prevent major incidents as negotiators, investigators, ambassadors, and their own brand of enforcers when deemed ultimately necessary. Humans were chosen as the majority because of their ability to maintain neutrality. Each separate group also answered to their own governing Councils, Conclaves, committees, and agencies. Stray rogues whether Werekind, Humankind, or Otherkind and those who walked the edge of the establishment with a history of tightly keyed secrets and unchecked vacuum of negative power tipped the scale away from the World Alliance Agency's ability to handle their immense responsibilities. Agent Daniel Fisher was only one entity in a campaign to maintain order in layer upon layer maze of duplicities.
The rhythmic buzz of his cell phone woke Daniel, and he answered, "Yes, a half hour will work or me. No, I won't be going back to the office tonight." Daniel ended the call and kept his eyes closed for a few more precious minutes of rest. Sustained sleep for him was a luxury he seldom indulged in. When Daniel's internal clock told him there was ten minutes left before the arrival of his colleague, he pulled himself from the chair and repaired his appearance to that of the living. Little good it did to prepare him for the events which followed. The arrival of a rogue agent and subsequently three tainted rogue humans at Daniel's house led his life to a precarious hanging.
****
Soon after, Daniel's body was dumped over the West Compound's main gate. Security cameras zoomed onto the image of a battered male lying prone on the gritty pavement. Three came out to investigate, and other teams secured the sides and rear accesses. Rex turned the individual over to reveal the identity and life status of the male. The blood red hair and general build was an excellent indicator of who lay still and covered in severe wounds. Grim, Rex disclosed after he checked Daniel's pulse and breathing, "He lives. How, I don't know with this massive trauma." Rex and Graham gently rolled the WAA agent over to lie on his back. Graham picked up an embossed card on the ground by Daniel's body and handed the card to Owen. Owen rarely let one go and knew it to be the last one he gave out. Owen crouched down and put his hand over Daniel's heart. The White River Alpha pulled back a blooded hand, fisted it, and said, "Since he was dropped on our territory and not the Agency's, we bring him in. If and when he's able, he can object and ask to be moved. We're his guardians against what sought to end his life and stand for him, so he's not alone if he crosses over this life. Contact his director and give her the details as they were presented to us. Director Mia Slater can go to the Hanover Clinic with one other if Agent Fisher means anything to her. If she insists we make other arrangements, tell her to stay away. I'm final on this. She won't clean his blood from her grounds. This is an act on us as it is an unfortunate act on Daniel Fisher, and we will control this situation."
In the background, Rex quietly called for a Werekind and Otherkind associated ambulance service. Meanwhile, Graham used his Other senses and followed the blood trail beyond the main gate to the location where he picked up the heavy scent of Humankind, exhaust fumes, and a hint of Otherkind meddling. Knowing he couldn't do more to follow the cold trail, he went back over to the others.
Daniel was placed on a stretcher and loaded into the ambulance, and Graham was sent with him. Rex contacted the clinic and alerted them, called in a couple of favors to prepare for the possible reaction of the local WAA representatives, and called Ben and Tony to collect information on the latest movement of marked individuals and organizations. Rex contacted Director Mia Slater and neatly spelled out Owen's edicts. Finally, he would attempt to find Agent Daniel Fisher's kin. Meanwhile, Owen cleaned fallen blood from his hands after one of the ambulance's personal asked about it. He considered the stained ground and deeply sighed. He headed back into the West Compound and left Rex and the guards to finish up outside.
***
After Mia Slater was assured Daniel was alive and being well cared for, she faced Owen and left diplomacy aside to second rage. Mia told the White River Alpha, "You overstep your bounds. You don't direct the wellbeing of one of my agents." Unperturbed by the implication, Owen stated, "I contacted my Council and have their official backing. Frankly, I would have done the same regardless of their backing. I'm caring for a fallen on my territory Madame, not yours. I'm well within my rights and agreements between Werekind and the WAA." Mia stepped towards Owen, and he didn't alter a hair in any direction. She stretched to her full five foot three inch height and quietly said, "This is my agent, and this is my situation to handle without interference."
Coolly, Owen replied, "Then I suggest you handle it first starting in your own house. I'm finding out this is not the first agent incident." Taken aback, Mia responded, "How did you get that information?" Owen countered and said, "More importantly how will you fix the problem making its way to my doorstep. I assure you, Agent Fisher is at no risk from us. When he's able, he can answer for himself. The perpetrators who assaulted him didn't carry a Werekind scent. If Fisher has close kin, they're welcome to see him or takeover his care if they decide. I won't stand in their way to protect and support him. Madame, you are a different association. We'll keep you informed of Fisher's condition and contact you to make arrangements if necessary." Finished speaking and listening, Owen turned away before Director Mia Slater could say more.
Rex intervened and went to the seething director and kindly offer to walk her to her vehicle. He reiterated she would be reached and updated on Agent Fisher's condition. It was difficult for Mia to walk away, but she did to stop the detrimental division between her office and the White River Territory leader. Mia would direct her anger towards finding a resolution. In all his defiance, she knew Owen Miller didn't broker a WAA agent's death. Who was behind the infiltration of the WAA and the increased rogue activities in local and surrounding areas? Who attacked Agent Fisher and why? And were the situations related were all questions of utmost importance in Mia's mind.
Owen sent Rex back to the West Compound to update his brother and directed Adrian and Rex to manage in his absence. Owen and Graham stayed at the clinic. Owen felt a connection to the fallen discarded like trash, Daniel's affiliations no matter. Owen Miller stood firm on certain issues and was unmoved if anyone else was disrupted. As for Daniel, he fought to survive a vicious attack in an area of shifting stabilities.
Moon Ridge Werekind Great Cat Territory
The Messengers walked pass Moon Ridge patrols. A pattern of sighted then gone again made those aware of the Messenger's arrival weary and strained. Werekind Great Cats, masters of dark's element, tread a careful path in both human and cat forms, and they looked for break- a- ways from the draping darkness. A line of tension threaded the night, and they all felt it on an unseen level. The feeling of a Walker moving closer and their steps bringing a message most often of doom and peril and less often of security and happiness moved steadily forward. A history of single messages sending uncountable numbers to their end tended to caution the receiver to dread. The start of wars and historical fatal meetings first set in motion by whispered lips, ornate displays and announcements, or written communications delivered and received were remembered over messages of less affect. The message is often remembered and the results are evident in history, but what of the trail of the Messenger after the message's deliverance?
****
Inside the lair, most were subdued. Apprehension dulled the tone of the night. The Monroe sisters sat together, and Tristan entertained Blake in the secondary sleep room area. Dylan, the Arctic Hunter, Peter of the Blue Lake Lodge Guardian Shield, Eric and Bryce of the Moon Ridge Place stood for and with the Monroes.
The Messenger pushed open the unlocked door. He preceded two others, one male and one female. The lead Messenger removed his coat and bag, handed his bag over to the female and threw his overcoat and its trappings to the other male. The present Werekind recognized the situation as unusual and none countered the events. The events were in motion to play out and be. The norm was one single Messenger per message, and the presence of three pressed the room's air to tighten.
The lead Messenger retrieved his bag and walked up though not too closely to the Monroe sisters and spoke, "Alexis Monroe, I was bid to delivery you a message and that deed is now done. Will you accept it from my hands? I'm a simple Messenger and mean you no harm."
Alexis's second time receiving a message didn't diminish the strain. She steadied her voice and answered, "Yes." After delivering the message, the visitor dropped his head in a brief courteous bow and replied, "Madame, we're at your family's service and will accommodate you and yours at no price." He took the time to replace his coat and empty bag over his shoulder and retreated to the open door. The lead Messenger turned to the assembled group and added, "Jordan, you have the look of your grandmother. She was a Walker by the name Madeleine. Messengers and Walkers have a relative history on this continent and in the old world and beyond."
With the unexpected communication completed, the Messengers turned, went through the doorway, and closed the door in a finalizing click. Shock rooted Jordan's feet to the floor for a brief time, and her mouth hung open. Forgotten, Alexis's message packet fell from her cold fingertips to the floor, and she grabbed at her sister as Jordan ran to the door.
Jordan strained to see the backs of those retreating all hooded in concealing long coats and night's cover. Also stunned, the Werekind responded with a hint of shocked delay. Bryce and Dylan grasped Jordan's shoulders and halted her run into the dark, and Peter and Eric moved out of Alexis's way, so she could reach her sister. Alexis went to her sister's side, and Bryce and Dylan stepped aside. Alexis pulled and held her sister tight and said, "We'll find out what this means. We will." Jordan replied, "They all know more about us than we do." Adamant, Alexis answered, "We'll change this."
Eric went back inside and picked up the message packet which had recently held the primary focus and put it on a nearby table to be considered once the odd flung information from the Messengers was absorbed and processed by the Monroe sisters. Werekind Arctic Wolf, Twofold Werekind Wolf and Werekind Great Cat and Werekind Great Cats watched over the Monroes sisters in the dense darkness of the night, and Appeased all was as well as it could be, Eric slipped away and checked on Tristan and Blake.
Blue Lake Werekind Wolf Territory
The eastern border sentry knocked on Ryan's office door and was given permission to enter. The sentry sat across from the Blue Lake Alpha and announced, "I have betrayed us," explained the sentry who had arranged for part of the eastern border to be unmanned at a designated time. Clamping hold of his anger and disappointment, Ryan asked, "Why?" Darryl looked directly at Ryan and answered, "Honestly greed." Ryan thundered, "You caused the near death of one under our protection and the same of Allen. You leaked vital information." He continued and asked, "Were you offered enough to lose your life over and possible the lives of others?" Darryl shifted in his chair and hesitantly answered, "No alpha." Ryan stood and asked, "Are you here only in fear of reprisal from the source you betrayed us to?" Quivering soul deep and unsure how to answer, the sentry remained silent.
Ryan sat back down and remained quiet for four minutes. The sentry sat unnerved in the silence and thought long on his misdeeds and actions. Ryan questioned, "Are you redeemable first and foremost to yourself." By walking into Ryan's office, Darryl had offered up his life and knew the possible outcomes. He answered, "I am." Ryan declared, "You are stripped of your duties and rank here at the Blue Lake Lodge. You are no longer welcome behind our gates and are lone. I want your phone, contact information of the one who corrupted you and any other pertinent information. Don't hesitate." Already prepared, Darryl gave his phone to Ryan and answered succinctly, "Marshall Blackstone, brother of Luke Blackstone." Ryan said, "Your betrayal spreads further than here and puts us in a position to make amends. You have the time it takes to gather your belongings and say your goodbyes. Come back if you agree to go to the Conclave to serve your time of their choosing for your actions. Leave these gates lone, I promise you won't last long. From this day, everything changes for you, and you've been given a second chance at life. I strongly suggest you make better decisions in the future."
Darryl didn't wait when Ryan finished. He moved as directed, gathered his belongings, and sat in his room unable to tell anyone of his guilt. Maybe someday he would be able to explain his actions. Today was not that day. Remorseful, he went back to Ryan's office.
While Darryl was gone from his sight, Ryan reined in his need to break something and contacted his primary team and asked them to meet him. He called Marcus and requested his presence at the lodge as soon as possible. The cords of the Blue Lake Lodge's harmony were frayed. After Darryl's betrayal, the word security held a different meaning for those associated with the lodge.
Moon Ridge Werekind Great Cat Territory
Neither sister slept well after the double message was delivered to them. They had chosen to sleep together with Blake between them and Tristan on the floor by the bed in his quiet presence. In the morning, Tristan removed his body from the rug cushioned floor. His long angles required a stretch to right his body straight. Tristan wiped stray rug fibers from his sensitive skin and asked the sisters in a morning hoarse voice, "Can I get either of you anything?" Alexis answered, "Some cold water please." Disencumbered of brooding airs, he cheerfully answered, "Sure." Jordan called Tristan over, pushed his long sable hair out of his face, and placed a kiss on the middle of his forehead which brought an emersion of dimples to light on his face. Jordan returned Tristan's smile and said, "I'm getting up too."
Werekind in general were excellent hosts, and the Monroes stirring prompted a knock on their room door. Bryce brought in a tray holding glasses of water and orange juice, a cup of Jordan's customary morning hot tea, and warm milk for Blake. Bryce sat the tray down and said, "Hope I'm not intruding. Morning refreshments. Several morning selections are ready in the gathering room if you're ready." Tristan's hollow stomach spoke, and he darted off at the mention of food then stopped and returned back. Jordan waved him on and encouraged, "Eat. We're fine here." Tristan was off again, and the Moon Ridge lair leader side stepped to clear the way. He said, "I better have more prepared. He seems over eager to eat this morning." More serious Bryce continued, "The resources of our territory are at your disposal, and we're available to share information and listen when and if either of you decides. Alexis, your message is in secure place until you're ready to view it. Alexis, Jordan." Bryce departed and softly closed the door.
Jordan turned to her sister and suggested, "Guess we better find out who Madeleine Walker is, and find out what it all means." Alexis added, "And we have that second message and everything else flung at the four of us." Alexis mouthed a sharp word, flopped back down on the bed and declared, "I say we wait at least until this afternoon." Jordan replied, "Sounds good to me. No sense rushing. I doubt things will change any faster than they already have. I'll go get us some breakfast and bring it back. Any special requests?" On the verge of falling back asleep, Alexis answered, "There will be meat. Tell them I want mine well done, and I don't care if they think that's a crazy human thing. And I want something sweet."
Jordan took the time to throw her messy curls into a riotous ponytail mass on top of her head and put on a light robe over her nightgown. Once again she omitted footwear and went to the gathering room. Jordan gave Bryce Alexis's request. He listened intently, nodded briskly in acceptance, and motioned over another to see to the task. Dylan and Peter offered their good mornings, and Jordan returned their solemn strained greeting as if they knew something she didn't. Playful, Eric tousled Jordan's curls, and he told her he had taken the liberty of telling Owen she would call him at her convenience. Jordan looked up at Eric's wise eyes and thanked him. She waited for the prepared food and returned to her sister.
White River Werekind Coyote Territory
Tony and Ben went to the Werekind Clinic and led Owen outside. Tony told him they were still working on the identity of the woman in the photograph and said, "The name Marshall identified by the information seeker is probably Marshall Blackstone, brother of Luke Blackstone. Consensus puts that organization's majority with Luke Blackstone and not the brother. It appears Marshall has broken from his brother's camp and is full rogue. We're working to get more details." Ben added, "Checking back, Marshall's image was recognized by some of ours a few times in our region. Unable to confirm what business he was working on during those times though."
Owen replied, "Contact Ryan and arrange for a face to face meeting either here or there, his choice. Emphasize sooner is best for all involved. Allude to some new occurrences and leave out the full details until we meet in person. No one other than the inner circle gets this information." Ben asked, "How's Agent Fisher doing?" Exhausted, Owen passed on, "Too soon to say, although his system jump kicked into an increased healing phase after his near end during surgery. Also found out how he was overtaken. A chemical was injected which incapacitated him, and he was unable to protect and defend himself. This amounts to an assassination attempt, and if he crosses over, a successful one. An individual or organization wants him neutralized. Daniel tracked too close to the source. Have you located any of his family? The director hasn't contacted me with that information. Doubt she'll personally contact me after our recent interaction. Did she contact anyone else at the compound?" Tony answered, "No. Daniel Fisher has a history the same length of time as the start of his service in the WAA. You're aware of my ability to bend corners and my diligence. I'm can't find any significant data on him prior to several years ago. The general information I found reads light. Only rental properties, no entanglements, frequent moves, family nil."
Ben encouraged, "Nothing like a locked mystery to feed our curiosity. If it's out there to be found, we'll eventually find it. Do you want one of us to take your place? I'd be honored to be there for someone at their possible crossover time when their kin isn't available. This is close for me." Owen responded, "I appreciate the offer, but I'll stay. This is my responsibility for all of us. This situation only compounds what recently happened to you and what's happening in our region. If things don't improve, I'll send for replacements. When you get back, tell Brand to prepare and pack for a trip. Have him come see me for an assignment. I want to sort out a gut feeling."
Owen went back into the clinic. He passed the increased security, walked down a long quiet hall, and finally arrived at Daniel's room. Beeping monitors, tubes carrying oxygen and fluids, and leads tracing vitals encompassed Daniel's being. In a chair out of the way of staff, Graham mouthed words to Owen's unasked question, "No change." Owen went to Daniel's bedside and surveyed the damage in the form of darkening bruises, sutured cuts, and bandaged patched skin. The White River Alpha looked deep for positive signs of progress. Owen did not see any apparent change and again settled to watched over a fallen.
Blue Lake Werekind Wolf Territory
On their way to run rounds in the primary lands, Todd and Randall passed William outside the lodge. Todd asked if William had heard from the Monroes in the last several days, and William growled out "No." Far wiser than his years, Todd said encouragingly, "I'm sure they need time to assimilate everything they're going through. We'll hear from them when they're ready Liam." Randall added, "The others will protect them." William's disquiet settled some, and he replied, "I believe we have you training in the wrong principle area. I'll talk to Ryan. Thank you for the wisdom of your spoken words. I'll follow you on your rounds, and we'll compare and see if we differ in our assessment."
Later that day, Ryan met with the Conclave representative. Marcus offered, "Darryl checked in at the Conclave. Time will tell if he's sincere in wanting to change. He named Marshall Blackstone and confirmed Marshall has crossed over to full rogue status?" Ryan replied, "Yes. Must be recent. The White River Communities has information in line with this. Owen Miller wants a face to face meeting to share information. You up for a flight north?" Marcus confessed, "More than willing. I haven't seen Owen in some time. He tends to run his operation independently and uses his Council infrequently as I hear. He has even less use for the Wolf Conclave despite our overlapping areas and interest. Probably a good idea to touch base and remind him of our presence. This is a great opportunity to not appear overbearing or intrusive. Either way, Owen Miller will take this as he does everything, with his own distinctive style." Ryan continued, "I'll set up a departure time with our jet service and confirm our arrival plans with the White River Communities around midnight or at the latest early tomorrow morning. Kaden will go with us."
Moon Ridge Werekind Great Cat Territory
Tristan sat at the lair's highest point. Drawn to the forever long view, he contemplated and attempted to take it all in. He hung his head and shoulders over the rooftop's railing and considered the distance to the ground as Sean watched him. Tristan turned his attention towards the cloud streaked sky, and Sean offered when he sensed Tristan's mounting restlessness, "Want to run or I'm always free for a duel." With eyes projecting a wild state, Tristan rounded on Sean and flung out words, "Fly then run."
Tristan charged over the outlook's railing. He burst into his eagle form which reduced his clothing to pieces, and Tristan easily glided to land. Once on the ground, he looked around in his distinguished dark feathered eagle form and next shimmered a change into a large sleek sable great cat. Impressed Sean whistled high as he watched Tristan's changes and then took off to intercept him. Running through the lair, Sean called out, "Tristan. Eagle. Cat. Running." Bryce and Peter took off after Tristan which cemented the fact for Bryce that Tristan was now living up to earlier predictions him being problematic.
Jordan overheard her ward's name called out and asked Eric what was going on, and he said, "Tristan is on the run. This is normal behavior for a transforming Otherkind. They can be volatile and chaotic. Their world involves eating unending amounts of food, running, sleeping, and testing their limits and everyone else's around them. Word of advice, don't try to contain them or their behaviors explode exponentially and real damage happens." With furrowed brow, Jordan offered, "Tristan's been through a difficult year including the deaths of his adopted mother and his best friend, and coping with severe injuries on top of regular teenage stuff. He has some deep scars both visible and internal. Our relationship is still growing, and trust is a major issue. He's been hurt in the past and doesn't volunteer much. In spite of all he's been through, he's highly protective of those close to him and is extremely caring in his own way. I'm one of the last stable parts of Tristan's life, and I want him to know he's important and permanent in my life. I believe he realizes that fact. I see the results if not in words, in gestures and actions."
Eric listened closely and responded, "He's equipped to endure his hardships and will emerge stronger, extremely capable, and a great reckoning force to be sure. Your presence in his life helps ground and stabilize him, and his exposure to Werekind was extremely beneficial and timely. You and your kin are important to Tristan, and he'll come to that understanding someday and maybe far sooner than realize. I'll say it again. You're important, in case you didn't hear it the first time. Both you and your sister are special individuals, and Tristan is lucky to have you both." Eric reached over and gave Jordan a warm hearted hug. He released her and went to help wrangle the sometimes ornery traipsing transitioning young by the name Tristan. Dylan knew the current situation was well under control. As a Werekind Hunter, he considered the events to come for all the Monroes including taking their upcoming fight to the level of the Conclave and beyond.
Later in the lair, Peter and Eric spoke to Tristan who was in his night cat form. The younger male felt comfortable in the gathering room which offered a rustic fireplace and had the lingering smells of past burned fires. The smooth tiled floor drew away the heat of his multiple transformation and exertion. Exhausted and confused, Tristan lay curled on his side. Peter of a similar dual nature quietly spoke, "You need to speak out what you're going through. Change back." Eric encouraged, "These initial changes throw you deeply into your other sides, and its lure can be overwhelming. The burst of newness can overpower your being." Peter, a large solid Werekind added in his natural harsh graveled voice, "A dual nature compounds the struggle, and you can easily get lost and confused. Tristan, I'm equally Werekind Great Cat and Werekind Wolf, and it's always been a struggle to find the place to remain whole. It's difficult but possible. Listen." Peter added in a commanding voice, "Change back."
Tristan brought his lost gaze to his elders and shimmered less brightly and less enthusiastically than his fist spontaneous brash change of the day. He grabbed the sweat pants and a shirt tossed to him and sat up and pulled them on. Eric said, "Bryce asked us all to be cognizant of our current mixed company, and I quote, 'Refrain from naked displays around the present females and that includes you'."
Peter changed the subject and said as Tristan was pushing away from them, "You're putting yourself further into a literal corner. We are more than able to pull you back. I suggest you deal with what you have to face head on. Do you turn away from any contest?" Peter got up and offered a hand up. After he gained his feet, Tristan answered, "Never," and he snatched his hand back. Unconcerned, Peter responded, "Good, don't start." He roughly patted Tristan's back and easily let pass the young male's look of burning irritation. Peter stepped away and said, "You're dealing with multiple issues. Each of us has gone through our own trials. From my own personal experiences, those continue every day I live. We'll listen. Your terms. Your time."
Eric encouraged, "Saying it out loud helps and sometimes things are easier to grasp once spoken. You've suffered enough alone and no longer have to. Right?" Eric looked pointedly at Peter and expressed again their lair occupants' willingness to listen if he ever wanted to reveal his former and past life. Eric's inquiry lit a spark in Peter's eyes, and Eric didn't press any further. Sincerity reached Tristan's ears and heart. He heard the elders' words and believed them. Tristan answered, "I believe you, but I'm not ready. To be honest, this has been a lot today." Eric said as Peter smiled genuinely happy at Tristan's progress, "Think you ran close to ten miles and took to the air for over an hour. Bet you could use a meal. We'll help scrounge up something for you. Maybe your guardian made something? Heard we got some boxes of baking and cooking supplies."
In a conspiring brotherhood fashion, Tristan confessed, "I especially like her banana nut cookies, and I can eat two dozen sugar cookies in one sitting." Half joking, Eric enforced, "In a lair full of hungry Weres, there will be some serious repercussions if you go off with any quantity of bake goods you're unwilling to share." Peter added, "I'm not particularly picky. I have an extremely long sweet tooth, and I smell the scent of pecans in the air and a hint of vanilla..." Peter took off running at breakneck speed and sweet abandon. As he went by, Eric commented, "Has to be the wolf in him. No sense rushing if the cookies aren't baked yet. We have a few minutes to round up some help to hold him back from eating everything in his sight."
With gnawing hunger pains and youthful cravings, Tristan responded, "I'll meet you there. I'm on good terms with Jordan," He gave Eric a mischievous smile and added, "And she has no problem giving me what I want to eat with me growing and all." Eric commented on his way out to gather the horde if they were not already alerted, "I commend your strategy and warn you to hold your hunger at bay when it comes to the baked goods. Eat your fill of meat, but consider the sweets community goods to share." Tristan gave Eric his signature 'whatever' look. In his long limbed gait, he sauntered to see Jordan with plans to displace the prowling cookie horde and the long sweet toothed Peter.
****
Alexis approached the reading of the second message far different than the first. Irritation and anger replaced cold fear and confusion, and she was unwilling to be held hostage emotionally by a maniac on some bizarre secret mission. Alexis read the second message first to herself before she did aloud to those assembled, "Salutations. Congratulations are in high order for yours though it's too early for a celebration. Distance is a slight conundrum, and I do so love riddles. Great speed to the intended I humbly vow and arduously work towards."
Several thoughts and names, none pleasant, flowed through Alexis mind after reading the message. The assembled voiced, "Lunatic," "Coward," "Walking dead," "Rogue menace," and "Strife bearer." Dylan asked, "May we examine the message?" Alexis handed off the offending piece of antique paper. The Conclave Hunter looked at the letter from all angles, including looking through the paper, and he noted the absence of attached scents. The message was passed off for others to evaluate. Finally, Jordan held the message in her hands, and she read the eloquently written script on yellowed and darken edged paper. The paper probably dated back centuries, and its fragile edges threatened to disintegrate in the immediate presence without any disturbance. She commented, "This paper has to be hundreds of years old. The use is a message in itself." Bryce answered, "This points to an older conflict. The use of an heirloom blade speaks of ties and kinship with the first message. The use of older treasured paper emphasizes the importance of this situation to the message's composer. In Werekind and Otherkind cultures, certain materials and items hold great value including weapons especially knives and blades as extension and representation of nails and claws. Those are acceptable for use while in human form. It's more honorable to look your combatant in the eye than be reduced to distance acts of cowardice. Rogues willing crossover that line of dishonor, and they disarm duty and traditions."
Dylan commented, "This situation includes rogues, the Monroes, Messengers, old valued objects like blades, and invaluable unused paper." Eric added, "Include the Werekind Coyotes, Werekind Wolves, and Werekind Great Cats." Peter continued, "And Jordan's guardianship with Tristan who is in part Otherkind and has to deal with the dynamic of shape shifting into multiple parts."
Jordan handed the message back to her sister and said, "Who is Madeleine Walker and is she our grandmother." Alexis added, "What does being a Monroe have to do with all of this and where do the Messengers fit in?" Bryce clapped his hands together and informed the grouped, "You two have hit on the keys to all of this. There are ties between Walkers, Messengers, Monroes, Werekind, and through Tristan, Otherkind involvement." Dylan spoke up, "Specific shape shifters particularly jackals had a history of other abilities that included far sight, sighting the unseen, and wisdom. Other special abilities were leadership roles of packs. Messengers are also named as Walkers by Werekind and Otherkind. Walkers and Dar are titles or bloodlines that hold particular abilities. The designated name of Walker is actually unusual for Walkers. To make this clear as mud, Walkers were given that name by ancient people recognizing those individual able to walk between human form and forms of animal or walk untraceable trail as Messengers do. Different areas of the world have pinned names to this phenomenon. Some names used are shape shifter, spirit walkers, Weres, and even more unique names in specific regions and countries. We have limited information on Messengers and other specific Otherkind groups."
Bryce added, "The ancient annuls of recorded history has been found on cave walls, in stone, on paper, and through oral legends and stories. Werekind are not guiltless for the eventual split between Humankind and Werekind. The stories of Werekind which targeted humans has been ingrained in legends and rightly so. Werekind groups were hunted down and unfortunately those animals which resemble us in our Werekind form including wolves, fox, bear, panthers, lions, tigers, and many others. For our survival, we were forced into hidden societies, organizations, and communities, present but invisible. We prefer open land and abhor cohabiting with masses while Werekind Coyotes live beside humans in closed communities, and Werekind Wolves can do either. As Werekind, we've brought harm to each other and humans in the form of disagreements, intolerance, and internal strife inside segments including packs, communities, and individuals."
Dylan continued and said, "General held consensus is the belief that the Dar bloodline was blighted because of their abilities, and the majority of packs split from them. New leaders amassed power and control, and there was a bloody backlash not so dissimilar from other events between humans in the middle eighteen hundreds to the first part of the nineteen hundreds. Those remaining Dar removed themselves from areas of recognition and faded out. That was one of the dark times of Werekind history. Around that same time the Werekind Red Wolf bloodline was also targeted." Dylan stopped talking when he thought of something before he started again, "Blackstone is from the rare red wolf bloodline." Bryce added "The odds of a Blackstone and you Alexis from some Dar bloodline having a child is..." Alexis finished by saying, "Highly improbable, but I have Blake to prove it."
Jordan asked, "The question is who didn't want that to happen?" Alexis added, "Or who wants to control Blake because of his possible abilities. We need to find out how Madeleine fits into this and if our connection to her is even real. And what of the Messengers involvement?" Eric surmised, "The Blackstones must hold some part?" Dylan concluded, "Time to hunt." Bryce said, "For answers." Peter concluded, "Unfortunately, we won't find them here." Jordan offered, "We start with Luke Blackstone. Are you in agreement?" Alexis considered the message in her hand and looked at her sister. She answered, "Yes, it's time." Dylan responded, "It will be arranged."

Part II - Blood Kin and Odd Friends
White River Werekind Coyote Territory
Ryan, Marcus, and Kaden made good time traveling to the White River Werekind Territory. They were met at the airport by Adrian and Rex. The Blue Lake group was directed into a brown van with dark tinted windows. Inside the vehicle, Adrian said, "Alpha of the Blue Lake Lodge, accept the full hospitalities of our open territories for however long you require." Ryan replied, "I appreciate the offer, however this will be a short trip and hope for a longer visit soon." Adrian kindly returned, "We look forward to that alpha." Adrian continued, "Welcome back Kaden." Kaden returned a brief greeting. In a cool tone, Adrian asked Marcus, "Conclave Enforcer, is this an official visit?" More than ready for Werekind Coyote standard outrage, Marcus answered, "No, I assume I'm welcome to enter." With a half sneer, Adrian replied, "We'd be remiss to deny your entrance Enforcer. Why say what we both know is going to happen. We won't stain our ground with your death spirit if that's your concern." Marcus countered, "And Werekind Coyotes voice loudly at the rift between our two groups to our Conclave. I don't expect flowery greetings but is common courtesy for a Conclave representative so difficult to come by Beta." Through tight teeth, Adrian acknowledged Marcus's standing over him and drew out, "Alpha." Owen's brother reluctantly bowed his head to Marcus and moved his view away from further interaction with the Conclave Enforcer. Marcus reclined further into his seat, cracked and popped his finger joints, and lengthened his nails in a show of controlled transformation, anger, and barely contained power. Tension drilled the silence shut. As Rex drove, Adrian directed his attention away from any further confrontations, and the Werekind Wolves and Werekind Coyotes were quiet for the duration of ride to the West Compound.
While Owen waited for his visitors' arrival, he unbuttoned his suit jacket, moved from the front window, cracked his neck to both sides, pushed his coyote from the surface, and commented to Graham, "A Conclave Enforcer at our door on top of everything else. Little time between this and settling Daniel is making for one hell of a day. Moving Daniel sooner than advised because of released word of his presence captured by our associates is unfortunate. It was impossible to leave the facility open for those who required services and completely locking it down for the safety of one. Daniel has shown no decline since his transfer, but the idea of the move is less than ideal. Damn timing for a cagy Enforcer. The Blue Lake Lodge members shouldn't be a problem. Graham, I want you in the meeting, and I hope some of your calmness displaces my unrest."
Graham asked, "Is your brother going to be there?” Owen replied, "No, only the two of us. Too many from our side present gives the illusion of weakness or distrust. We definitely aren't weak, and distrust will be what it is regardless. And Adrian has a particular distaste for the Wolf Conclave." Graham thought out loud and added, "A Conclave Enforcer alone warrants two to equal his status, and that doesn't include the presence of the Blue Lake Lodge Alpha and his second." Owen informed Graham, "Exactly my point."
Owen looked over at Marcus, the Werekind Conclave Enforcer, when everyone was seated and greetings were exchanged. Marcus met Owen's stare and continued to do so until Ryan intervened and commented, "Owen and Marcus, the business at hand is our mutual agreement to assist the Monroes." Owen and Marcus both looked at Ryan. With the tension broken, Ryan started, "Owen, we have collaborating information which names Marshall Blackstone, Luke Blackstone's brother, as having at least partial involvement in the attack on the Monroes and one of my pack." Owen asked, "Want to tell me who gave you the information?" Ryan smiled and answered, "No." Owen replied, "Accepted. The situation surrounding the Monroes is deeper than we first realized. The rogue situation includes Seth Lewis whose image was captured on surveillance at Jordan's residence. How is Marshall Blackstone connected?" Marcus answered, "Marshall Blackstone has split from his brother and is full rogue. Seth Lewis and Marshall Blackstone are working together." Owen replied, "You let that out easily Enforcer. The Conclave is usually less forthcoming." Marcus countered, "As some are less receiving from my experiences." Owen smiled and responded, "I'm quite sure."
Graham redirected, "Seth Lewis and Marshall Blackstone." Kaden considered aloud, "Does Luke Blackstone fit into any of this?" Owen added, "I know of someone suffering from getting too close to finding answers, and that individual almost paid the ultimate price. If he doesn't crossover, we may have more information to share." Ryan in no way subtle asked, "Want to tell who the individual is Owen?" Owen returned Ryan's response "No." Ryan returned, "Fair."
Ryan continued with one more point, "The Monroes want to go to Blackstone directly." Marcus added, "The meeting will take place at our Conclave." Owen replied, "If this is a joint agreement, I offer to send at least two." Intrigued, Marcus said, "I'll be the last one to say no to your willingness to appear in any form or numbers. I'll be present regardless of who else is there." Owen answered, "No matter your answer, I will do what I will." Ryan echoed, "As we all do. You're no exception. We owe the Monroes and will repay that debt completely." Graham concluded, "Sounds as if the agreement stands." Kaden asked, "Only ones left out of the joint agreement are the Monroes. They'll have something to say about all the volunteers on their behalf." Graham suggested, "How about we call them and offer our assistance and work out the details if they have questions." In an atmosphere of strained solidarity, those at the meeting answered positive. The Werekind Wolves left Werekind Coyote White River Territory soon after, and the West Compound hadn't seen their final visitor of the night.
****
Messengers were able to circumvent manmade security measures when they wanted. Gates did not deter or challenge them. General practices were followed when a Messenger presented unannounced, and they were never approached. When they drew near a dwelling, Messengers were always received hospitably regardless of the message they carried.
****
The female Messenger appeared at the West Compound and paused out of long held courtesy. The main gate was opened without hesitation. She stepped in unimpeded and stopped briefly at the recent site of the fallen. Bright silvered eyes pulled away from the graveled ground, and they tracked all movement whether it was minuscule or massive, predator or harmless. She searched for any remaining evidence of the wrong doer. The Messenger clinched her fists and briskly walked to the main building of the West Compound. The silence of the night covered the sounds of her footsteps, and she entered the open doors.
In a semicircle formation inside the West Compound's front entry, Owen was flanked by faithful sentinels. When the Messenger passed over the entrance's threshold, Owen expressed, "You are welcome in this place and to our humble hospitalities." She cut past further preamble and replied, "Alpha, I have a message for you. But first, I must see your guest."
No one stopped the Messenger's mission as she marched to locate Daniel on her own. Curious and cautious of her intent, Owen and his present group followed a short distance away. Jamie wisely stepped back from Daniel and went to stand among his arrived brethren by the room's entry when he was presented with the Messenger's cutting silver eyes and intent. The Messenger touched Daniel's forehead and wayward red hair. She trailed a finger down his cheek and avoided a severe sutured cut adjacent to his nose. The Messenger knelt by Daniel's side with her red highlighted black hair draped over her bent back.
The Werekind group looked away from the overwhelming emotion which spilled forth unchecked. The White River Alpha whispered to Jamie who left, quickly returned, and handed over a fine linen handkerchief. Owen unfolded the handkerchief and used it to cover his right palm and walked up to the kneeling Messenger careful to remain in her peripheral vision until he saw her head rise up. Owen's actions brought the Messenger's fierce eyes to light on him in question, and she drew one knee from the floor ready to confront.
Owen paused at the look a moment. He continued towards her slower and offered, "Madame, please allow me?" Owen received a haughty head nod, and the Messenger reached up and grasped his linen covered hand. Owen felt her chilled skin thorough the cloth and the bite of her long lavender nails on his skin. The Messenger stood, withdrew her hand, and used the linen cloth to dry her shed tears. After completing that task, Daniel's visitor pocketed the cloth and pulled a silver ring from her first right finger. She placed the ring on Daniel's left fifth finger, and she asked while doing so, "Where are his blades and ornaments?"
Owen answered, "Safe and they'll be returned to him no matter his journey. Is it acceptable to notify you through our standard process?" Direct, the Messenger rounded and said, "Yes. Now we come to your message. Brand is enjoying high mountain air. You are encroaching." Owen answered, "As are you. We didn't hail yours." The Messenger responded, "What's done is necessary. Daniel will tell you his chosen duty if he decides. Given your interventions and explorations, you're diligently placing yourself and yours to find answers. One wonders at the reason." Truthful, Owen answered, "Madame, I seek knowledge to serve well."
Daniel's visitor paused a short time then offered, "Our unofficial gratitude for your actions and my personal appreciation." Before leaving, the Messenger was stopped by Owen who asked, "If Daniel had been cared for by Humankind, who would have come?" With a small sad smile, she answered, "Kin. No more answers or questions. It's Daniel's choice to be here or I would insist on removing him. You understand." Owen inclined his head and replied, "Yes, I do, and we'll continue to watch over him as if he's ours. My oath." She answered, "Your oath is your life. Tomorrow's path will return our spirits." The Messenger took one last look at the fallen and disappeared so quickly as to puzzle the room's occupants.
After she was gone, Owen gestured his head for everyone except his brother to secure the compound as much as they were able with at least one untraceable Messenger in the area. Jamie returned to caring for Daniel. Owen said to Adrian, "Contact Brand. I want to confirm he's well and advise he quicken for safe ground." Adrian commented, "Your hunch was correct is seems." With rare doubt, Owen voiced, "Is that a good thing?"
Coastal Southeastern American Continent
Marshall Blackstone, recent turned rogue from rare Werekind Red Wolf lineage, had darkened his identifying red golden hair to coffee brown and drastically cut its length. He used contacts to change his red amber eye color to brown, grown a short beard, and wore uncharacteristic casual clothes in an effort to blend. He sidestepped dancers and other roaming patrons of the night club which catered to rogues, lones, curious thrill seekers, those who walked on both sides of the law, and occasional members of the Consortium.
Marshall walked to the dim lit end of the bar, and he knew Seth Lewis was aware of his presence despite Seth's deep focus on the amber liquid he held in his hand. Seth Lewis wore his true self below his skin's surface, and it was seldom seen in pure light. Few blemishes marred his body. Those who opposed him didn't remained alive long enough to leave any mark, and the majority perished before meeting the challenge directly. The scars he wore were from situations far past. Seth possessed common features and common physique which all concealed an uncaring heart. Cold, calculating, and frightening were fair descriptors of his will's dominion.
Seth brought his brittle clear eyes onto Marshall who could not hold that searching gaze long. Marshall looked away to escape the draining stare and said, "Darryl has been neutralized at the Blue Lake Lodge and went so far as to name me." Seth softly asked, "Where is he?" Marshall answered, "Knowing of Ryan's manner, I'd say the Conclave. He's the kind to offer a chance." Seth replied, "Unfortunate for you. You have your primary project, but the Consortium takes priority." Marshall confirmed, "Understood and I will be a remote contributor."
Seth tossed the burning amber liquid down his throat and slammed the glass to shatter on the bar top. The shower of glass fragments descended on the surrounding area, and one shard cut a shallow path on Marshall's face. Familiar with Seth's ways, Marshall stood reserved and unmoved. After looking Seth's way, the bartender wisely moved in the opposite direction as did any around who were aware of Seth's dark reputation. Seth got up and rounded to mere inches from Marshall's face and in an even hushed voice commented, "I believe that's best my friend." Seth gave Marshall his back unafraid and easily walked away. Marshall used the back of his hand and wiped at the minor irritation on his cheek, and he narrowed his eyes at the Consortium leader's receding back. The crowd pressed away and gave Seth a wide path.
Ten minutes later, Marshall took a separate path from Seth's to the back exit. He got into a waiting car occupied by two of his associates and said, "Better to leave this area and go deep undercover. The collective Blue Lake Pack and Conclave Hunters seek my demise. Now I'm a liability to the likes of Seth Lewis and my own family. I'm quite sure others lengthen that list. Funny, the Monroes have a knack for bleeding allies from their pores. Odd luck that. Strange for supposed defenseless unknowns to be able to best me in an arena supposed unknown to them. Time to put some distance between me and my growing number of problems. My primary project, as Seth so aptly put, will again be visible targets in the future."
Moon Ridge Werekind Great Cat Territory
An orange bright sky pushed back the dark of night. Blake ran in the dry clear western unimposing air. He ran with free abandon to be and nothing more or less. Alexis watched her child's joy, and she returned his hand wave. Not much for words, Blake dashed and plowed into his mother's legs with strength belying his tender years. Alexis braced and steadied herself as her son hugged her legs tight. She caressed the side of her son's face and asked, "Happy?" Blake cast his red amber eyes up to his mother's and answered, "Yes, Mama." Alexis bent down and hugged her son. She whispered, "I love you my dear heart." Blake asked his mother, "Happy Mama?" Alexis rubbed her forehead on her son's which brought a giggle escape from Blake and a genuine smile to her being. Alexis brushed a hand through her son's soft hair, rounded them both to the brilliance of the setting sun, and walked back to the lair. Hand in hand, the two were followed closely by the ever present guards and generous caring individuals who were recent unknown strangers. Jordan met her sister and nephew at the door and joined them in a comforting cohesiveness.
Alexis asked her sister, "You have a few minutes to talk?" Jordan suggested, "How about the gathering room." The sisters went to the room currently occupied by Bryce, Eric, and Peter. Bryce offered "If you two prefer, we can move to another place." Alexis answered, "Actually I have some things to discuss. Where's Dylan? He should hear this also." Bryce answered, "He's outside making rounds. I'll send someone to get him."
A short time later, Dylan nodded to the sisters and expressed, "Thank you for waiting." Alexis said, "I get both images and strong feelings at times. When I was outside just now, I sensed an individual watching this place. It was a feeling of a peaceful protective presence, and it's a Messenger, the one who recently came." Eric inquired, "Anything else?" Alexis easily answered, "Messengers are the key. How they are is not clear." Bryce added, "Messengers are as forthcoming as the way they deliver messages, cryptic. You both happen to be an exception to that hard and fast rule and suggestive of a past connection or relationship."
Dylan countered, "Why now?" Eric said, "Legitimate reason to make contact or coincidence." Peter added, "Or their own mysterious reasons. The odds of discovering their intentions are the same as tracing them in the dead of darkness on a moonless night." Bryce told the sisters, "Messengers have always stood apart. They're different, an enigmatic community and extremely secretive in comparison to all others." Dylan continued, "If tracked to closely, they blink away from sight."
Jordan and Alexis intently followed the conversation, and Jordan asked, "If they're difficult to find, and Alexis feels they're the key to understanding any or maybe all of this, why not ask them to come to us?" Bryce said, "Messengers more than Werekind are particular about protocols and what questions are asked of them." Jordan and Alexis asked at the same time, "Why?" The sisters looked at each other, and Eric responded, "Good question, you can ask them. They may be more willing to answer your questions given your last interaction with them. I'll leave a phone message for them. Messengers never speak directly to a caller."
Eric dialed and left a quick concise request on behalf of the Monroes. Bryce commented, "Curious to see how a direct approach works for your family." Dylan said, "Even if it works for the Monroes doesn't mean it'll work for any other." Peter added, "Rare happenings sometimes conquer stone and steel." Eric looked at Peter and before he could comment a phone ring interrupted. Eric told the group after he listened to the message, "Well the exceptions continue. Messenger by the name of Connell happens to be in the area and will be here within the hour." Jordan said, "You were right Alexis." Alexis concluded, "Answers may not be as distant as we believed." Jordan whispered, but everyone heard her, "Answers to what end?"
Connell walked up to the lair's main door. Surprising those inside, he knocked. Bryce opened the door and offered, "You're welcome in this place. Messenger, we're expecting you, and there's no need to announce your entrance." Connell turned his mercury gaze first towards Bryce and next Dylan, Eric, and Peter and finally the Monroe sisters and replied, "I'm not here as an official Messenger. I'm Connell. Am I still welcome to enter?" Bryce motioned is head to the Monroe sisters and said, "This is their decision." Courteous and open, Connell asked, "May I enter?" Alexis responded, "I sense no harm, but I was wrong before and am paying for that now. Leaving me to ask, are you harm, Connell, hindrance, or truly safe?" Connell considered a moment and brought forth a toothy grin, "I can be all, and I can be not. For you and yours, I'm safe." Armed with a crossed demeanor, Jordan asked, "What about the truly part? That was left off." Connell countered with a question, "Who is truly and absolute anything Madame?" Gaining heated steam, Jordan spoke loud, "Save the philosophy for someone who has the time or who cares. Answer the damn question." Not put off, Connell enunciated so the Monroes understood, "Truly safe and I truly do care. Time, well that is really an interesting concept. Philosophy put aside of course. Does that answer your question completely?" Jordan said to her sister, "This is your call. Even though he answered the question, I think he's sneaky." Connell bowed and replied, "Thank you for the compliment." In response, Jordan gave Connell a crossed glare. Alexis said, "I say yes." Jordan added, "One vote yes, one vote half yes and half no. Enter Connell, if that's in fact your name." The Werekind exhaled at the end of the standoff. Connell walked in and answered, "At least one of them Madame."
Jordan offered her hand, and Connell gripped it in a cool fleeting handshake. Jordan said, "I appreciate the formal consideration, but will you call me Jordan." Connell answered, "As you want." Alexis continued assessing Connell's being, met his steely eyes, and they withheld verbal comments during their initial encounter. Connell acknowledged Alexis's assessment and noted, "You see more than most." She replied, "Some moments." Connell quirked his head at Alexis's conciseness and commented, "Aptly put." Jordan and the Werekind watched the interplay between Connell and Alexis and sensed information was passed between them. Connell asked to speak to the Monroes privately, and the discussion was moved into the gathering room.
Connell said, "I apologize. I'm unable to stay long. I have little time for the present. I may not be able to answer all to your satisfaction. This reality is not faulted only factual being." Connell continued, "I will provide what I can." Jordan furrowed a brow after hearing Connell's cumbersome beginning speech, but she held verbal assault. Alexis asked directly, "Did you choose this mission?" Connell replied, "Yes. To make this clear, I did not intend distress. I was shocked at the firsthand resemblance Jordan has to her grandmother. Your maternal grandmother Madeleine was both human and Walker. I realize this is a difficult topic to broach. Your family has suffered from high numbers crossing over prematurely, your grandmother, brother, and parents among them. To the point of your grandmother, she had a brief tumultuous relationship with a Messenger which ended with his disappearance and assumed death. Madeleine was welcomed to stay in the Messenger home realm given her maternity status, and your grandmother chose a life away from the entanglements with Otherkind and Werekind. She birthed a daughter, your mother, and closed a door to her daughter's father's heritage."
Alexis nodding her head in agreement and commented, "That legacy follows down to us. We were given no information about our mother's family history or even family members names if there were any. Our mother was melancholy and let slip few details." Jordan joined in the remembering and added, "She said red bougainvillea on garden trellises reminded her of her mother, and she said I got my love for tea in all forms from her." Alexis continued, "I told my mother about seeing people as animal and vice versa. That conversation didn't go well, and the only person from then on I shared my visions and perceptions with was my sister." Jordan confirmed, "I accepted my sister and her abilities as she accepts mine. This is starting to clear up some details of our youth and explains why we felt different."
Alexis asked, "You knew our grandmother?" Connell acknowledge, "Right again. I knew Madeleine, and she stands unmoved in my memories. She was a life beyond herself and radiated further than words can describe." He sat silent after that declaration, and the sisters respected his palpable mourning. Jordan spoke aloud Connell's sentiment, "And she was loved." Unguarded, he replied, "Yes, she was from afar. I regret never telling her, and I regret not following her thinking I had time to delve into matters of the heart later. My passions were eschewed in my youth. Age and future were tethered to the end of time. Your grandmother was taken away too soon. This meeting is both bittersweet and reopens past deep wounds. This enlivens me knowing Madeleine continues on through her granddaughters and it's my privilege to meet you both." Alexis asked, "And you're interested in helping us because?" Connell answered, "There is a connection, and this time I can follow through fully if allowed." Jordan asked, "Truth?" Connell replied, "Absolutely." They all sat a few moments and digested the given information and contemplated the next phase.
On guard, Jordan watched Connell's every moment and the time between those instants. She commented, "Connell, is it my eyes or do you change. The best way I can describe it's to a cooler crystal clear image?" Connell admonished kindly, "Be careful what you say even if you accurately see it or feel it to be pure fact. Utterances are released to float freely. After they are said, they can't be recaptured or changed. Secrets are guarded well to protect our ...." Connell stopped speaking aloud and whispered below Werekind and human hearing. He said the next in a smoke filled visible breath, "Dimensional existence." Jordan and Alexis felt an extreme chill, and Jordan alone shivered. Prepared, Alexis pressed the absorbed glint to disperse inward and exhaled a conscious etched breath. Connell returned to normal speech and said, "You two can perceive on our plane of being at a particular level. Jordan, your eyes are seeing correct. It is unfortunate your Otherkind information was omitted."
Jordan reached out a hand and attempted to believe past seeing, and Connell assisted the move in understanding by remaining unmoved. Already aware, Alexis watched. Jordan felt Connell's presence uncloaked for a clicked tock. In that flanked moment's measure, he veered away from the brushed depths of Jordan's fingertips. A few breaths later, Connell removed Jordan's static hand and said, "You're uncertain." Alexis joined arms with her sister, and Jordan pressed closer to her.
Alexis sensed Connell's unleashed inklings and unfiltered sincerity and offered, "Connell, would you like to meet the rest of our small family?" The Monroe sisters empathized with his long standing loss and vulnerabilities. Connell's break in eye contact was telling, and he said, "I only have a short time available, time enough to meet yours though. I understand one is a Kithe youngling." Jordan informed, "Tristan is a growing young man and won't care to be called youngling." Connell said, "Sounds at the age of transitioning and fighting past the lines of youth. He may recognize me as Otherkind, and I'm no threat no matter what he claims or denies."
Once again with the others, Alexis said, "I would like Connell to meet Tristan and Blake before he goes." All waited a beat, and tense, Bryce replied, "I'll get them." In the meantime, Connell pulled off his charcoal gray signature coat and tossed it to lie on a barren scarred wooden table. The Messenger said, "I promise the younglings no harm, and I realize this goes against your standing to present them." Connell's announcement didn't soothe or settle the Werekind, and they demonstrated that with tighten muscles, dipped brows, and overlong loud exhalations with no clear sounded words.
Alexis's voice pierced the silence, "I l trust you will honor your words and promise." Connell gallantly bowed. His eyes picked apart the room contents and holdings including the breathing entities which prompted the present formidable Werekind to step back from the stinging graze. After the power display, Eric, Dylan, and Peter edged closer to the Monroes.
Bryce carried Blake, and Tristan walked over and stood by Jordan and Alexis. Blake boldly took in the assembled individuals and paid particular attention to the newcomer. Connell started over toward the Monroes. Tristan moved and shielded the sisters and Blake. Bryce remained by the Monroes side and the other Weres pressed closer. Connell picked up speed as he continued forward and pushed at Tristan's instincts. Tristan prepared to respond when the Messenger stopped and commented, "Definitely majority Otherkind." He tested the air, observed Tristan's trailing aura, and he announced, "You will benefit from my assistance youngling." Tristan quirked his head and spat out, "I don't need your help." Connell continued around and dismissed Tristan. He added in a stream of words that floated through and around Tristan, "That's why I won't bother asking and will help anyway."
Jordan called out as she walked over to intervene, "You're testing him. And didn't we talk about the use of certain terms?" Connell gave Jordan an innocent expression and said to her ward, "Given your lack of exposure to Otherkind, you're surprisingly restrained." Tristan sliced a stare in response which Connell coolly flung aside, and Tristan said, "You can put your opinions...." Jordan slapped a hand over Tristan's mouth, and Bryce put a warning hand on his shoulder.
Connell flashed the image of two dragons for a blinked moment toward Tristan, one golden and red heated on his right arm and an icy silver and blue one on his left arm. Tristan's right arm itched and line marching scales ran up and down his arms. Connell responded, "The fiery Dragon is also yours hearth mite." Aware something unseemly was transpiring, the room carried the hum of Werekind displeasure. Jordan's pulled her six foot plus ward behind her where he towered tall. Loud, she declared, "You can stop whatever you're doing and watch the language?" Connell communicated beyond Werekind hearing again, "Simply an observation and as I promised no harm I will follow. I only melt out a dragon seeing. Peace guardian." Jordan sent Connell a hot glare and then looked back and ensured her ward was unscathed.
Tristan studied his right arm which bore vanishing golden red heated scales replaced by normal skin, and he obscured the view as much as he could from those present." Connell spoke on a level Tristan now recognized, "Although your dragon form sleeps restless beneath your skin, you're not blind to its presence. Your other forms are more evident at the moment. We'll talk of those things at a later time. You're well and whole as you were born to be Tristan Kerr." Connell shifted his focus to Jordan. He smiled and added, "Hearth mite is a young or immature being." Jordan sighed heavily and rolled her eyes. Connell continued, "Tristan, you honor your hearth in your protective character. You have journeyed long in short disordered years, and your past is the making of you. I sense a deep strength spilling free over the rough edges you carry." Connell used his dragon voice and said, "Monroe sisters my pardon, this was one test to identify Draco blooded."
Connell's eyes altered from icy clear to a mirror silver sheen which directed a molten cold glow outward for a glint. He settled his self and knelt down in front of Alexis and Blake. Hushed and keen, Blake leaned towards the stranger and asked, "Stay?" Connell studied the astute child and returned, "No. Never long youngling. I must go." Connell questioned without words, and Alexis nodded her head yes. Connell put his hands on Blake's shoulders, and Blake hugged Connell's neck. The Messenger pulled back from the embrace and whispered, "Gentle heart. Valiant spirit." Connell peered into the youngling's seeing eyes, rocked back and held Blake's small hands in his. The Messenger wiped the mist from his eyes with a fast hand flick too fast for the others to follow. Blake drew back and stood back by his mother.
Connell abruptly picked up his cloak. He remembered his audience and announced, "Alexis and Jordan, I was granted a great honor by meeting your ward and offspring respectfully. Be well. We'll meet soon again." In a grand move, Connell's cloak swirled and flew on unseen wind around and on his corporal's cast. His form dimmed at the door's border, and Connell stated to the present Werekind, "Thank you for your hospitality and my gratitude for keeping the Monroes safe." Before the ring of Connell's final word ended, he was gone quicker than any eye could follow a visual event or entity.
After the Messenger's departure, Bryce made certain everyone was accounted for and that they were all unharmed. Eric spoke what most were thinking, "If I hadn't witnessed what I believe I saw, I would doubt my own authentication of the events." Dylan asked, "Did any of you see the door open or close, because I didn't." Peter added, "I'm not going to try and make sense out of what did or didn't happen or what I did or didn't see and chalk the situation up to the continuing things I'll never understand." Bryce walked Connell's final witnessed path before he disappear at the door's barrier. Bryce sought visual, scent, and auditory evidence. When he found none, he concluded, "There is no evidence that a Messenger named Connell was ever here. No hint or trace. I sense nothing." Dylan followed Bryce and also concluded, "My Hunter senses either." In varying degrees of time, the Werekind realized everyone was changed by the Messenger's visit on a level beyond anyone's full awareness. Tomorrow would be soon enough to delve again into thoughts of trailing adversaries and conflicts intertwined in old histories and intrigues.
White River Werekind Coyote Territory
Owen surveyed the damage of Jordan's burned and ransacked former residence. Her home had been systematically dismantled in a message of total obliteration. Owen's polished shoes crunched over ruined walls, burned rubble, shards of broken glass, and smashed furnishing not stored in the initial packing. What wasn't burned, crushed, broken, or scattered was randomly marked by sprayed paint. Rex, the head of White River Werekind security, came from the basement and commented, "The same as Alexis Monroe's home. Completely destroyed." Owen viewed the destruction and asked, "Find anything useful to direct our search in this mess?" With strong emotions, Rex imparted the information, "Two trace human scents, same as Daniel Fisher's rental home and two Werekind." Owen asked, "What's your honest opinion of Director Mia Slater? Do you think she's involved in these events?" Rex answered, "From my interactions with her, I find she's intense, capable, and strong willed. Probably explains the clash between you two. Her concern for Daniel was full of real emotions. My opinion is someone or group as infiltrated the World Alliance Agency, and the director is not involved." Owen replied, "Contact Mia Slater discreetly and tell her we have information related to the attack on Daniel Fisher. See what she's willing to share. Set up a meet tonight at the West Compound. Assure her she'll be safe on our territory. She's free to bring two others for her security." As Owen walked out of the tattered remains of Jordan's home, Rex asked, "What's next for these locations?" Owen replied with heated breath, "Make sure no salvageable items remain which is highly doubtful, and board up the houses until the Monroes decide. My thoughts are to bulldoze the lots and erase these messages of ruin and save them from dealing with any of this." Rex offered as he put a hand on Owen's weighed shoulders, "We back your standing for the Monroes. Whoever is responsible for this is beyond redemption. Preying on females with young and defiling their home territories is a blight no civilized group should accept." Owen commented, "Well said and the reasoning is sound in the reverse. Those responsible for these acts and the attack on Daniel Fisher thrive on blight and disruption. Acts of discord are on the rise in this region. This is much larger than Marshall Blackstone and random rogue incidents." Scenting the air again, Rex toed a strange pile of ash and added, "And I want to check over my shoulder expecting to see Seth Lewis. He's been here once already. Call it a residual leaving that I'm picking up on. A dark presence walked this house and caused this path of ruin." Owen furthered and said, "Exactly why the Monroes should never return to these places."
****
Daniel opened his senses in the room which he occupied. He cataloged the scents of burning beeswax candles, the detergent used on the linens, the heavy smell of cooked meat, medicinal ointments and cleansers used on his body, and confirmed he was in a Werekind specifically Werekind Coyote location. Through his eyelids, Daniel saw the soft glow of artificial light and burning candle flames. He picked up the heat signatures of two males, one at his head and one stationed at his feet, an indication of Werekind Coyote spirit watch.
Daniel absorbed the sounds and sensations of distant storms signaled by the crash of thunder and timed lightening. He listened to the echoes of hearth place footfalls and those into the next place. He heard the even restful breaths of the two on watch, and the mechanical movements of the grandfather clock in the entry hall of the West Compound of the Werekind Coyote White River Community. The rushed sounds of roused wind which bent individual blades of grass touched his consciousness, and he tuned his Otherkind senses to fog dim. Daniel inventoried his numerous pains and aches. He pinpointed every bruise, laceration, incision, and bone break that was repaired, treated, and closed. He was hard pressed to find any significant area unaffected. Daniel opened his eyes and fast slammed them closed. He freed a hand from the linens, shielded the glare, and tempered down a relentless need to change. Alerted to the movement, the guard positioned at Daniel's head told the other to get Owen and Jamie.
Daniel pried his parched mouth open and rasped, "I have to leave." With no reply to his request, he pleaded, "Now." He attempted to escape from the covers. The guard gently restrained his movements and said, "You walk the earth brother. Calm, you're safe. Quiet before you harm yourself more." Daniel increased his efforts. With an overwrought voice bordering on frantic, he said, "I have to go." Losing control of the situation, the guard redoubled his efforts. He struggled to avoid injuring Daniel further and was relieved when help arrived.
Having a serene presence, Jamie arrived at Daniel's bedside and asked, "What's your great need? These actions are unnecessary. We'll help you as we're able. Be at ease. You're in no condition to go anywhere." Owen offered, "You're safe here to be fully as you are." Daniel stilled his thrashing limbs and continued searching for a way out. He broke out in a heated sweat which fast crystallized on his plummeting skin temperatures. Daniel cautioned those in the room, "Leave and spare your involvement." Loudly, Jamie spoke, "Not bloody likely to run from my duty. I'll be here, so do what you must." Owen added, "I'm knee deep in muck as it is and don't think this will rise me from those depths. Adrian added, "I guard my brother's back. I stay." Graham stepped forward with the other spirit guards and voiced a widely held Werekind Coyote sentiment, "We stand our ground, and we help where needed. That includes you Daniel. Owen brought you here. Reason enough to offer you aid." Adrian continued though in the vein of a veiled threat. Showing the teeth of a true predator, he said, "No enemy crosses our door and walks away." Adrian added as a question, "Friend?" Owen snapped a look at his younger brother which prompted Adrian to look away for a slight break.
Owen said again, "You won't be moved at this critical time. Do what you must. We are fully committed to watch over you as fallen." Daniel closed his eyes and warned in a firm tone, "Then you are sworn to suffer this secrecy or be strewn aground by my hearth's blood who live and die by their own archaic rules." Daniel twisted the dimming circled sliver from his finger, called Owen closer, and dropped the unnatural cold wrapped ring into Owen's open palm. The White River Alpha hissed at the biting cold which brought forth a crackling chilled breath and laugh from Daniel who commented, "Should have warned you about that, although I have an inkling you already suspected and as usual gave nothing away." Owen bore the knifing cold and felt its speeding path brand a swath from his palm to his whole being, a sharp forewarning.
Light stealing scales erupted, row after row glow growing, engulfed and replaced Daniel's human identity in a blink. The surrounding Werekind watched Agent Daniel Fisher transport away and be replaced by a member of the mythical Dragon Blood Kin able to bare the form of plain human under certain circumstances. The scales stole the light from the beeswax candles, and trails of smoke drifted on the room's cooler air from the snuffed candles. The artificial lights dimmed several times before extinguishing, and the room's atmosphere dropped to stir in duskiness. Daniel's scales glistened away and were replaced by ashen skin minus freckles. Midnight maroon dark hair covered his head with occasional blood red strands intermingled within and an odd clump on top iced silver streaked. The Werekind close enough were struck by the brilliance of Daniel's open clear amethyst colored eyes.
Graham commented, "You are full of surprises. Several suspected Kithe or Fey Otherkind. Highland Dragon Blood Kin wasn't even a consideration." Cryptic, Daniel replied, "So lies the crux." Owen said, "Your family came the other evening. Specifically your sister, I believe. Definitely older, she's guardian or alpha equivalent." Daniel admitted and said, "You allowed a member of my hearth blood ingress. Ariel is eldest sister mine and Grand Dame Guardian. You and yours are best to name her Messenger only. She can be prickly and given she didn't raze this place in a dragonish fit to remove me speaks she was in an accommodating mood. After our mother's death, she does dote overmuch on me her lone sibling. Another secret for you all to keep or I may be inclined to visit revenge." Daniel's comment brought forth a range of responses including a growled warning from Adrian and a sincere laugh from Graham. Jamie pushed a bit and stated, "You are youngish. How fierce are your fits?" Daniel made eye contact with Jamie and answered, "Clever. Asking me to show my stand and break code by doing so in the hearth home of those who claimed me fallen. You don't smell Otherkind, Healer. Who else is bold enough to do the unthinkable?" Daniel drew his crystal purple gaze to Owen and declared, "Owen Miller of the White River Communities." Owen confirmed and simply answered, "Yes," and he took that moment to hand back the ring. Daniel offered, "Keep it as my thanks." Owen asked, "Are you tying me to your family if I keep your sister's ring?" Daniel shrugged and enlightened with a soft smile, "She wanted me close and away from this realm. By placing this ring on me, she forced my hand. I owe her something in return." Owen considered and accepted the chance venture. Jamie saw Daniel tiring and stated, "Your energy is failing Daniel, and I can't offer more than what we're currently doing." Astute, Owen spoke, "Time to contact your sister." Graham had his own understanding and expressed, "I'll bring your artifacts." Weaker, Daniel answered, "Healer, thank you for easing my hurts. Your service and diligence are deep felt, and I would ask no more of you. Graham, the closeness of hearth born articles will comfort me." The two spirit guards went back to their original positions and one said, "Brother, be at ease. We watch over you and your spirit." The other warrior offered, "We're honored to be at your side. Rest and be free." Softly, Owen added, "We'll send for your sister. You don't walk alone at this dire time. Be quiet and calm in that knowing." Owen stepped forward and rested a hand over Daniel' slow struggling heart.
Owen asked Adrian, "Please have Tony deliver a message of regret to Director Slater. Convey that other matters take precedence currently and explain I will meet her at my earliest convenience. If she asks about Daniel, tell her he is alive. Inform her, his family is aware and responsible, and the option of his placement elsewhere is no longer her concern. Daniel is her employee and not her kin. If she has a claim to make above what's identified, I'm available to hear her declaration but only on the topic of kinship. Any other subjects will have to hold. Second, ask Brand to come, and send my apologies for breaking his rest after his recent return from the far highlands." Adrian moved to stand by his brother's side and said, "I'll call the Messengers and tell them their presence is vital. You would call them yourself if possible. You take on too much brother, Messengers, the Monroes, the WAA and the director, and that's only the blade's tip. This is becoming more than you can handle or even the whole lot of us. Intentions no matter." Adrian took a long look at Daniel and went off to carry out Owen's words. Owen stopped Adrian's steps by saying, "Your words are heard and your consult is sound. Our time to step aside is gone." Adrian replied, "Then we continue on brother."
In his usual even temper and carefree manner, Brand arrived at the West Compound later. Brand was able to blend into wallpaper in invisibility or hone a mission to heel in the clear. Graced with fair features, striking hazel eyes, and honey rich skin tones, Brand was, simply put, a model of wiry masculinity. He was a heart stopper in more ways than one. His duties included those of Scout and Hunter. Brand entered the room and nodded to Owen first then Adrian and on to the other members in the room.
He paid his respects to the person being attended on spirit watch. Brand looked at Daniel's unshielded characteristics. He glanced at Owen and stated, "We're watching over a Dragon Blood Kin fallen? Good to see someone was more successful than I was. I suffered cold shoulders, tight lips, and unmovable doors I was unable to finesse my way through, and all of my footfalls were watched and erased as if I was never there."
Daniel told Brand, "Hunter, for I recognize another kindred soul, it's different being on the other side. Unseemly, better if we remain unseen." Brand asked, "Who is we?" Daniel opened his eyes and said, "The lines blur at times and secrets don't spill easily. Blood unfortunately does and will stain again." Owen introduced Brand per protocol and let Daniel address his own name, "May I formally introduce Brandon Lee Merion." Brand cut in and added, "Brand." Owen left an opening, and Daniel replied, "Evidence is apparent. The need to conceal my full name no longer lingers or serves a purpose here. My name is Daniel Baldric Theron." Owen surmised, "Or Daniel the Bold Hunter. The symbols you wear are an extension of who and what you are." Daniel replied, "Yes and the name Fisher is close enough to suit. A warning, my sister is advancing with two other Dragon Blood Kin and the third, another Messenger."
Owen accepted Daniel's information with waking disquiet, and Graham speculated, "This should be interesting." Daniel sounded a cough mixed with a laugh and added, "More so if Owen dons her ring." Owen held Ariel's ring between his forefinger and thumb and twisted is to glimpse understanding. He made up his mind and put the hollow silvered round on his last left finger. Owen considered the ring's resting weight. He attempted to pull it off, but something unknown held the hollow circle in place.
Weakening, Daniel struggled to say, "It's done. So it will be. As one silver rounded thusly my sister's available options are limited. Those here will stand to know, and that information is dangerous." Owen fired a harsh look, and Graham commented, "We're standing in the direct path of an unresolved conflict." Owen turned to Jamie and commanded gently, "We may require your services later to mend wounds or prepare our bodies for burial. I want you away from the possible firestorm." He added a word he seldom voiced, "Please." Jamie held his arguments and curtly nodded his head. Brand and Graham replaced the Spirit guards, and the Spirit guards walked out of Daniel's room with Jamie. Owen motioned for Adrian to go meet Ariel Theron, Dragon Blood Kin Grand Dame Guardian/Messenger and the other coming visitors.
A short time later, Connell, Ariel, and two from her guard stood at the room's threshold which held Daniel Baldric Theron or Daniel Fisher under his assumed guise. Adrian stood directly behind them. Owen told the visitors, "Daniel is waning, and we're unable to help him."
Ariel rushed into the room and brushed by Owen. She whispered, "Daniel suffers and warrants travel home. He may crossover during the journey." Ariel's mood crested, and she said in a voice which reverberated through the room's occupants, "Away from here now." Resolved, the Werekind stood firm and did not follow the demand. Shrouded in invisible vengeance robes, Ariel pushed out a menace filled voice, "Leave us. We're about our own business." Connell sent a message to Ariel unheard by those not Dragon Blood Kin. The Werekind only saw the movement of Connell's mouth and fogged air roll towards Ariel. Connell expressed, "Remember your place. You visit away. Recognize the absolute limit no matter the circumstance." Connell offered, "Peace, this is a difficult time and emotions run high and eclipse hospitalities."
Connell pulled in an awareness which touched on every detail in the area and pictured Ariel's silver ring on Owen's hand. He spun, leveled a heated gaze on Ariel, and put in physical words to be heard by all, "Never remains the only answer. The bargain is sealed. Wisdom is to always remember. Clear." Ariel produced the tiniest bow possible in Connell's direction. Connell chose not to push the matter." Ariel spoke, "Owen, you wear my ring. By that action, Daniel gave you the right to stay. My choice does not match his." Connell redirected, "Daniel ventures close to crossing, and the likelihood of him surviving the journey is dim. It is time." In agreement, Ariel dropped her head in acknowledgement and thought."
Connell motioned for the Dragon Blood Kin guards to take their places, one next to Graham at Daniel's head and one next to Brand at Daniel's feet, and Ariel moved and grudgingly stood by Owen. Adrian remained at the door. Connell suggested in hushed tones which matched the somber atmosphere, "Owen, I suggest you and yours close your eyes at the beginning. This is not to withhold information. It is for your protection." Owen added before Ariel or Connell could melt out a warning, "Before it's said, I understand this experience stays here, and I know when I'm hanging by a threat of reprisal." Connell countered and said, "Better you keep hold of your full vision. You and yours are treading on hollow rounds and silvered ways. Want to change your minds?" Owen slashed out, "No, if my days end here, then they do. I never walk away until I am ready. Let this finish out." Ariel arrowed a glance at Owen before she refocused on her brother and said, "You carry the knowledge to the last moment of your last day, and the ring you wear serves as solemn oath and pledge. Break that oath and time for words and breath or gone." Owen returned Ariel's haughty head nod and answered, "Madame, as we oath here. Enough said. Your brother's condition takes precedent at the moment." Ariel opened her mouth to comment then changed her mind. She turned her head and ignored Owen for the moment.
Connell touched the side of Daniel's face and whispered on a rolling breath, "You're well to change Daniel. You're shielded by dragons and those of true standing. Daniel spoke in kind to those from his realm, "Close to fading." Ariel answered, "Why I wanted you back at our hearth brother young." Daniel restated an old argument, "It needed to be addressed, and it was my honor to do so." Ariel soothed her younger brother's hair, "You have always thought of others before yourself. I only wanted you safe." Daniel grasped for his sister's hand and said, "My hope past being is for you to surrender your anger and find the peace in your heart. If I crossover, I go accepting. If I am granted stay, we will stand as we did again or find a measure of understanding." Ariel let slip a few tears and said, "Change, and it will be as it is. Our focus is your healing and full being. You have my love always beyond time's shadows. Be free heartling and always fly at ease." Daniel opened his eyes to shine silver bladed rays outward and lastly said before altering, "My thanks for coming. I am honored Connell. And Owen, you have placed yourself on unstable ground. You shielded me fallen, and the risk of such did not stay your hand. I hope my actions will be understood and be recognized for what they were." In answer, Owen gently squeezed Daniel's arm before his returned to his former position.
The tiniest tinging of sounds was heard as silver scales meshed over Daniel's body. The tightening of scales into his skin released a piercing yell from the fallen which struck a feeling blow to the standing. Cool silver ran between skin and scales, and the tips of pewter hued talons emerged. Dragon scales melded on Daniel's being. A burst of light spilled outward from his body which quivered the room's air movement. After a long moment held, Daniel laid quiet cast in an ebbing glow of light. Scales and silver eased away, and his human form was exposed again.
Everyone present was tempered by the crested glow fire. Connell instructed and reassured, "The fire glow for Daniel ceased as quick as it came. Your haloed vision will disappear by change of night to day. Open your eyes in safety." Ariel made sure her brother slept. She noted the deep cutting reminders of his walk next to the edge. Ariel released her tight held breath once she comprehended her kin was free of death's edge hold. She commanded, "Owen, the guards will remain until Daniel meets the light of day and walks grass blades dew burdened. If there is a change, one will come for me. Your hospitalities are appreciated." Sovereignly, Ariel inclined her head. She spun and went in a startle heart manner. Connell commented, "Daniel was strong enough to complete a partial change, and that speaks volumes for his constitution. He did what was needed to halt his decline. Whether the spring's source is stubbornness, deep heart wells, or streaming strength, Daniel will be well this foray. Owen Miller, you have my personal thanks for your actions, and those of your community. I'll see you again in the future. Surrounding the Monroes I am quite sure." Connell blinked away far faster than any eye could follow.
Later, when Owen's lead foot crossed the threshold of his private rooms, he knew he was not alone. After her recent departure, Ariel was in his bedroom reclined on his bed. Owen cast an irritated glance at his current challenge and continued into his room while he unbuttoned his shirt cuffs and shirt front. With frayed patience and soured manners plain, Owen continued on towards his desire of a hot steaming shower and a small measure of peace minus his present company. He thought to himself, please a silent kill. Forgo long torturous accusations, annoying monologs, or bomb strewn dialogs. He was too tired to maneuver or fight through stacks of words and unknown motives. Owen's strategy continued to be silence with hopes his uninvited haven guest would get the message.
Not accustom to being ignored, Ariel spoke as she got up. She touted and questioned, "My ring suits you well. How does it rest on you being hearth bound to me and mine? You would be well to consider why Daniel put you in a place between us." Ariel invaded Owen's personal space and scored a fingernail down his shoulder and back through his shirt. Owen raised an eyebrow at her actions and told her, "I have approached another, and I'm encumbered." Glittering eyes regarded Owen as he watched her view reflected on a gold framed mirror. Ariel offered, "If you want me to speak to your intended and press your suit, call me. Being we're family of a sort as you are hearth kin made. Until the next time, and there will be a next time. My dear brother made assurances of that by giving you my ring." With that said, Ariel sauntered from the room and used a different conveyance than she came before.
Ariel opened the room's door in a banging manner and made a pointed announcing exit. Owen attempted to extract her ring from his finger again to no avail. He struck his ring bound hand openhanded on the dressing table hard enough to bang the mirror against the wall. Owen's guard entered and assessed the situation, and Owen declared, "I'm well. Peeved but unharmed. Send word as soon as our visitor is off site. If she doesn't go timely, then bloody hell, get me. Have Rex see it any surprises were left which I highly doubt. The real threat is gone from here." Owen's guard quickly complied.
With his mind overflowing and spirit tested, Owen walked into his bathroom, quickly undressed, stepped under the hot pelting shower water, and sighed in relieve. He put the recent current events aside for a few precious moments of calm and tranquility until the next dilemma made an appearance.
Moon Ridge Werekind Great Cat Territory
Exhausted from a late night of baking, Jordan slept on a couch in the gathering room. She was oblivious to the hushed strategizing conversation going on around her. She was unaware her sister and others had checked on her earlier. Alexis had gone to bed hours earlier with assurances from Bryce and Eric that her sister would be fine where she was.
Recently injured while shielding Jordan from gun fire, Allen was reluctantly given entry into the Moon Ridge lair's gathering room. He chose an unoccupied chair free of those guarding the Monroes from external threats and obviously protecting against newly arrived interlopers. Apparently, surviving bullet wounds was not enough to sway opinions of Allen's actual intentions. Bryce commented, "Bounced back fast considering you took three bullets and came close to bleeding out. Sure you didn't quiet your rest too soon?" A consummate engager, Allen didn't bat an eye at the masked challenge and offered one of his own, "How easy can your lair mates wash the stain of great blood from here? Curious, because I don't have a problem proving a point." Bryce laughed and said, "Your walk on death's edge smothered your logical sense to speak so boldly in our lair." Allen responded, "I believe in full honesty and won't bite my words or avoid the truth."
Eric considered the newest person in the lair and compared him to Peter as Peter watched the byplay between Allen and Bryce quietly. Eric walked over to the bar and poured a round of glasses of Amber Fire liquor. He past the first to Bryce, the next to Peter, carried one for himself and handed the last drink off to the present wild card player. Eric commented, "Boldly played or you believe what you say. Either way, welcome and we understand from the beginning you'll render life changing statements a pendulum strike away from blood payment." Allen pushed his wild side back and stated, "I offered myself as the Monroes' defender and will accomplished that goal no matter the obstacles in my way. I won't quell at your bearishness." Bryce stood up and commented, "A bit of a high speaker when your emotions run free. Though the words won't covered the damage you're making to the chair handles brother wolf. Being fully honest, I think your presence is to make a declaration to one sleeping I hope still. Your tempered rant and unneeded presence speak of another intent. And to make myself absolutely clear, we make and break the rules here. Best to keep your wild side running ahead of your rational brain in check. Free advice. Take it or leave. After we act in force, then figure out how you'll meet your pledge away from here."
Allen extracted his lengthened claws from the wood, soothed over the mars in the wood with bare skin. He answered, "I'm here as guard for the Monroes." Eric made an "hmm" sound, and Bryce added, "I don't doubt that. You've been away from the Monroes, and they remain safe." Peter spoke, "Allen and I are going out for a run." Allen rose from his chair, threw Bryce and easy smile, and stated, "I'll pay for the damages." Bryce returned, "The chair has been marked before and will be again. Payment is a non-issue. If you'll excuse me, I that something that requires my attention."
Eric collected the used glasses and sat them back on the bar. He suggested, "I'll be your guide for your run." Of royal heritage, Peter inclined his head and prompted a like movement from Eric, although Eric inclined his head lower. Sharp, Allen answered, "Fine, I have nothing to hide." Eric responded, "When was the last time you ran free? Your tension is telling. No need to answer. A good run and a sparring will enliven your mood, or I'll have Bryce bait you into a full lather." In a move to irritate or encourage, Eric whacked Allen's shoulder. Allen settled on the last and replied, "A run after my long trip sounds good." Peter leaned into Allen and asked, "Are you well for me to leave?" A few steps ahead, Eric intruded and commented, "Allen is well enough to challenge Bryce. I believe he will fare well with us. Peter, I again offer open territories at any time and would be pleased if it is a sanctuary for you as it is for us. I would greatly enjoy it if we shared one last run and offer my friendship in addition to the use of these grounds." Solemn, Peter answered, "Gladly and this won't be my last time here. Allen is privy to my taxing secrets. The Blue Lake members are more than associates. They are my made family."
Allen changed the conversation back to the reason for his presence at the lair. He explained, "The Blue Lake promised to support the Monroes before any other, and their new associations don't change my full given commitment. Whatever the mind of those associations and their actions, my oath agreement stands. Snarky ways won't dissuade me." Peter chuckled at Allen, and Eric however raised an eyebrow and said, "I can't think of one Werekind Great Cat accepting of the title snarky. Stalkers of legend, uncivilized, wild beasts, untamed spirit holders. Bearish, possibly at times. Stealth born, absolutely. In your face rude, hell yes, to clarify any misconceptions about Werekind Great Cats. Snarky sounds of a pinched faced pretentious rat shifter. I give my apologies to them if one actually exists." Allen showed his snarky side and commented under his breath, "Boastful and proud more." Eric threw back, "Pride is a title easily worn by us." Allen added, "You carry a heavy ego." Eric answered, "Why shouldn't I." While Eric and Allen bantered back and forth, Peter transformed into Werekind Great Cat and abruptly left the other two. Eric and Allen looked at each other and laughed at their ridiculous bickering. Far from fast friends though closer to finding similarities, both Eric and Allen transformed quickly and sped over the ground on padded feet. They raced to catch up with Peter. One wolf and one mountain lion vied for the lead in running down Peter, who easily shifted from cat to wolf in midstride. That seamless action was a testimony of his dual natured being.
Inside the lair, Jordan turned over on the couch and surprised Bryce who was deep in thought. She said, "Allen's here?" Bryce replied, "Yes, he came while you were sleeping. Allen will replace Peter who will return to the Blue Lake Lodge. Dylan is gone too. His Hunter skills will be better utilized in the field. He will keep your family's secrets safe. Dylan has worn a path on our borders. Best to let him go and hunt for answers on his own terms. Back to Allen, when did you realize he was here?" Jordan rubbed her face and confided, "A feeling of his presence when he walked up to the lair." She smiled and enlightened, "And his voice when he spoke a while ago." Bryce said, "My apologies if we disturbed your sleep." Jordan answered, "Not at all, I only caught a few comments. I'm exhausted and still don't feel up to par even after sleeping a long time." Concerned, Bryce raised an eyebrow and asked, "Anything else specifically?" Jordan added, "Bombarded with way too much, I'd say." Bryce concluded, "Maybe something other than fatigue. We remain unsure if either of you has the ability to transform, and some of the signs you're having are questionable. We must keep in mind the possibility of the change, so we're not caught unaware. Not much we can do if and when it happens except support you through the process. I'm getting higher levels of Werekind energy pulses from you than before which leads me to conclude you're changing in some way." Jordan's response was a blank stare followed by a heavy sigh. Bryce changed the subject and suggested, "Join me while I check Alexis's wounds and change her dressings and find out what mischief Blake is finding." Jordan squarely faced her future by moving forward. Bryce gave Jordan a reassuring pat on her shoulder, and walked alongside her.
Meanwhile in her assigned room, Alexis unfolded William's message. She reread his words of encouragement. A gentle giant Werekind Wolf towards the Monroes and few other strangers, William was intent on placing himself into her life. Alexis continued to unseal the tightly held areas of her heart and open a larger place for possibilities. She used careful motions and refolded William's message and tucked if away until the next time she needed to revisit his thoughtful message.
Alexis moved with less stiffness and pain from the injuries which almost took her life. She continued to press beyond the unwise decisions of a yesterday love, a love who didn't completely reveal himself. The impacts of that short union on her small compact family would forever affect them. Strange intricacies of life tied the best part of Alexis's life, her son Blake, to a clouded time of fragmented stabilities and devastated ideals and events. For her son, she was ready to face Blake's father, Luke Blackstone, and bring past difficult times to the forefront. Alexis would confront Luke Blackstone to remake her life's breaches and mend her way. Alexis got up and went in search of her son who was surely testing the limits of those currently watching him. In addition, she planned to visit Jordan and Tristan, the rest of her compact family unit.
White River Werekind Coyote Territory
Incessant ringing drove Owen out of bed, and he didn't call one of his primary team for an answer. He hastily pulled on a shirt and pants and jogged to the source of the noise. He waved off assistance from his guard who continued shadowing his steps regardless to the entry gate. Owen found Ben and Adrian attempting to persuade Director Mia Slater to stop ringing the bell and to leave the premises.
Mia turned from her task of waking the sleeping giant and scrutinized the Alpha of the White River Territory unpolished and closer to feral than civilized. Ben and Adrian recognized the potentially explosive situation and positioned themselves between the two. Far pass his ability to remain neutral, Owen stated simply in one word, "Move." Ben and the guard moved back from Owen's direct path to Mia. Adrian took a moment longer and only shifted two steps, able to intervene if it became necessary. Owen intoned cool, "Madame, you have my full attention." Mia rounded her resolve, faced Owen in his like manner, and shot back, "Two dead agents found in a burned down WAA location and an anonymous phone call links you and your organization to the crimes."
Owen tossed the information around in his head and forced himself to settle down. He blew off a head of steam and offered, "Let's take this inside. Understand before we enter, the subject of Daniel is off limits. It remains closed until Daniel or his family tells us otherwise." Mia countered, "I came in good faith before going straight to your Council. You're asking a lot from me." Owen responded, "I'm genuinely sorry. The constraints surrounding Daniel are no longer mine to change." Mia advanced closer, tipped her head to the right, and considered Owen. She accepted and said, "I believe you. That's why I'm here." In a surprising move, Owen lowered his head and replied, "Madame." Mia added, "My apologies if the time is inconvenient." In dry humor, Owen added, "Inconvenience was put aside after the tenth ring. After you."
Adrian and Rex entertained Mia while Owen directed Ben and Tony to investigate the details of Mia's claimed events. He donned a stylish pair of black pants and a starched cream shirt which he left opened at the throat, a look he carried easily on graceful bare feet. Owen entered the meeting room and promptly voiced, "Madame, please accept the full hospitalities of this place. Please inform us if you require anything." Mia said, "It's unusual for WAA officials to be your guests given the history between our organizations." Owen directed Mia to a seat of her choosing and replied, "Please make yourself comfortable." Mia raised an eyebrow and chose the middle chair, an obvious alpha position. She sat in Owen's chair. He sat next to her and whispered, "Touché."
Mia asked, "Are you even curious about the weapons I carry?" Honest, Owen answered, "Intrigued. We'll pass those odd details today." Mia pressed, "As a guest, may I ask about another one of yours?" Owen released a growled hum which ended as quickly as it began. In strange humor, Mia chuckled and offered, "Couldn't resist asking again." She sighed and paused a few moments. The surrounding Werekind allowed her pause unhindered. She began again, "Call me Mia as I allow three of your elites." Owen prompted, "Mia, what brings you here? This is an unofficial visit, I assume?" She answered, "Some individual or group is setting up your organization at my expense. Two dead agents and one unaccounted for in less than one week as far as the WAA leadership knows. My superiors want my resignation. When I go, not if I go, the local WAA will be in a shambles, and the mess will affect your organization. An untraceable caller implied you are responsible for the agents' deaths. That call was a thinly disguised attempt to push the Werekind Coyote Council and the WAA to investigate your organization, specifically you. This is bigger than us, and the responsible party is keeping themselves well masked." Mia stopped talking, and the others considered the given information.
Owen responded, "You took a risk coming if the perpetrators are nameless." Mia replied, "What's not a risk? My time with the WAA is over. That's not your concern. I came to warn you and yours. Watch your backs. The tide is changing in this area. My best guess and conclusion is Werekind rogues are about to spill over into the human communities. It's going to get bloody with rogue general disregard for life. Without the stability of the WAA, innocence victims will pay the price. With the mess in my area, my opinions are suspect and are seen as tainted."
Rex concluded, "When we went to your offices, you recognized some of this at that time? That's why you met us at the entrance. You were assessing our approach to gauge our side." Mia, the consummate human alpha, ended the questioning with a bitter smile and said, "Tell Agent Fisher I won't report anything further about him or his situation to the WAA. If I do, it's a death sentence. He was definitely on the right path and can't go back. I wanted to tell him goodbye. Maybe this is for the best. I can honestly say I haven't seen him, and I don't know if he's dead or alive. Alpha Miller, with all of your resources, I'm sure you'll fill in the blanks of the rest left unsaid. Gentleman,"
Picking up on Mia's verbal and nonverbal cues, Adrian asked the soon to be former director, "Are you safe?" Mia pulled her shoulders back and eyed those present. She answered, "I would be remiss to answer such." Adrian's dipped his head and said, "My pardon. The question was asked in sincerity and not meant as a slight." Mia replied, "No pardon necessary. Sometimes you have to make a decision no matter the consequences." Owen offered, "We offer you and your trusted a safe place. Consequences be damned. Rex, please get Mia a phone with preset emergency numbers. I would offer the same to a fellow associate so take the offer for what it is." Mia conceded, "My thanks. That's not why I came." Owen responded, "The exact reason for the offer. We appreciate the information and your willingness to bring it to us. Our doors are open if you come true and honest."
Mia was walked to her car. Owen held her car door open and said, "Whether you stay or go, this will not be forgotten. I'll give Daniel your words, and keep your back safe from stray arrows. You have my sincere gratitude." Mia declared, "You are a line of defense against this discord, and it wouldn't do well to have you unprepared. Don't trust the WAA after I'm gone. They've been infiltrated, and I don't know to what level. I have to go." Mia closed the car door and gave Owen a quick troubled look. She sped off from the White River Territory West compound.
Owen directed, "Rex, find out about Mia's situation discreetly. Adrian, put her on priority surveillance including her residence." Rex continued, "She's a liability. Doubtful the local WAA will carry out the direct kill order or they'll be overrun by other agencies and local authorities. If methods used in Daniel's attack are followed, her residence is the hot spot." Adrian advised, "She won't appreciate our interference in her affairs. She's as prideful as any alpha and further risked her life coming in daylight." Owen though a minute and replied, "We'll bring in another to assist us. Marcus, the Conclave Enforcer, will fit the bill. I don't care for Marcus's attitude. Probably because we're more alike than I care to admit. He's powerful and is guaranteed to have channels outside of his Conclave able to assist Mia. Time to push Marcus's hand and see if he's really ready to collaborate."
****
In Daniel's room, the two Dragon Blood Kin warriors stood quiet and refused all offered comfort items. Brand and Graham, more relaxed than their counterpoints, remained on spirit watch for Daniel. The White River Pack would continue to do so until Daniel pushed back from the death's edge or his family took him from their lands. As fallen, he was treated as a White River Pack member and would remain surrounded by at minimum two other members. The fallen were care fostered to the final moments of their life if their course was grave. If the fallen's circumstances turned positive, an amicable agreement was possible for them to stay or they were given leave to walk away and find their venture elsewhere.
The glow of beeswax candles brushed light on Daniel's adornments, his belt bucket melded into the shape of a primeval arrowhead, his signature blades, and rings marking his station as Hunter.
Rex, the head of security, had meticulously cleaned and cared for Daniel's personal articles. He had added a new piece at Owen's request, a belt buckle with removable folding knife. Supported by spirit guards and true blood warriors, Daniel lay with spirit suspended between the moments with fettered breath, life a token and emblem of the fallen.
Consortium's Secret Site
The sounds of footstep echoed off the damp walls of the forgotten underground facility. Iced granite brown eyes picked up the heat signatures of rodents scurrying for cover. The light from a single ceiling fixture at the end of the hall was harsh and unnecessary for Seth. His sensitive ears picked up the water dripping from one of the bathroom sink faucets that beat out a steady rhythm. He also heard the noisy voices of the others in the building and the buzzing whine of all the electrical currents. The unrelenting combined sensory storm punched at his raw frayed nerves. Dark glasses and earplugs muffled the bombardment and made the constant annoyances barely manageable.
Seth Lewis walked to the doorway at the end of the monitored hallway, and the heavy barred door swung open at his arrival. He took off his coat reminiscent of the kind favored by the Messengers minus the cloaking hood and longer length. He handed it off to one of his associates. Seth was the organizer of an extreme faction of rogues which cut across all individual groups including Humankind, Werekind, and Otherkind called the Consortium. He took off his shielding glasses from his bland unreadable face.
Seth Lewis was able to convince lone rogues to assemble into the strong and powerful organization with the purpose of gaining power and undermining authorities. He ultimately directed the Consortium towards his own plans. Only those few trusted, as much as one could rely on the fidelity of corrupted souls, where given access to his underground compound. Even then the fear of brutal reprisal and promised painful demise didn't sway the approach of willing volunteers. Acceptance into the Consortium for condemned individuals walking on borrowed time was a recall of held honor and was a sought after priceless prize.
Seth dropped the guise on his eye color. Visible in his true exposed eye color, amethyst and granite brown churned against each another, and Seth bit down a response growl. He selected one of his slender personal knifes and regarded its edges under the dim light of the room. He singled out one brittle edged Werekind Coyote rogue. Seth blew a tempering cold blast on the blade and arrowed a direct hit which pinned the man's shirt sleeve and a small bite of flesh to the wall. The Consortium leader watched the man for signs of fear and found the proper lack of response. He told his associate, "Find out if Daniel Fisher lives. Take three with you. Work fast, survive, and you all will benefit greatly. Obtain information about the Monroes, and you net a windfall and a chance to advance in the organization." The rogue pulled Seth's blade out, wiped it off on his dark pant leg, handed the blade back hilt fist, and wisely avoided Seth's eyes. The rogue replied, "Yes Mr. Lewis." Seth enforced his own brand of absolute trust and fidelity, and his rogue followers found no difficulties carrying out his dictates.
Moon Ridge Werekind Great Cat Territory
Allen found Jordan sitting in the kitchen nursing her customary cup of herbal tea. Jordan's eyes were closed, and she was reposed in a state of relaxation. Allen turned away and was stopped when he heard, "Stay. We haven't spoken since you came. This has been difficult processing everything including the injuries you got protecting me. I can never thank you adequately." Clothed in his typical tan chambray shirt, worn jeans, and work boots, Allen sat on a kitchen barstool. He grabbed Jordan's right hand and said, "What I do, I'm willing and honored to do." Jordan squeezed Allen's hand and pulled her hand free. She replied, "Now the real reason you're here. I don't have my sister's insight, but I'm not blind to some things. What I can't promise is something I'm not ready to give. I'll offer my sincere friendship. Better to get that said to avoid any misunderstandings." Allen hooked his thumbs in his pockets and answered, "Sincere friendship works for me," and he released a small smile.
On silent feet, Eric walked up and listened. Aware of his unseen presence, Jordan called out, "Eric, I froze the last batches of cookies since we're leaving, so they can last more than an hour after we're gone." Under the hood of his long eyelashes, Allen looked from Jordan to Eric and said, "More to meddle than cookies I wager. We'll finish this later." Allen brushed by Eric and exempted him from comment.
Jordan asked, "Are you meddling or cookie nabbing?" Well acquainted with the Monroes' kitchen rules, Eric wisely remained silent. Jordan walked over and pulled out several frozen cookies and retorted, "Don't be so hard on him. He did come close to dying when he saved my life. Your intentions are for my safety. This time I'll overlook your spying. Keep in mind, I'm able to make some damn good decisions on my own. If I require assistance, I'll ask. Do you want these warmed or cold?" Eric leaned against the counter and replied, "Whatever is fine by me." Jordan handed Eric the warmed cookies and said, "I may grouse, but I do appreciate your concern." Eric bit into one of the cookies and sighed. He grabbed a jug of milk from the refrigerator and drank some cold long draws before he replied, "You realize you won't be able to extract Allen from your life with anything smaller than a crowbar as tall as him by pledging your sincere friendship. A hint, when dealing with Werekind males, it's all about the challenge. Thanks for the cookies." Eric walked over and kissed Jordan's forehead. He left her to think about his words and brotherly actions. Jordan considered the open container of milk before putting it away and went back to her cooled cup of once calming tea.
Later that day, Tristan barely felt the bruises and abrasions from sparring with Sean and Frederick, but his old healed slash marks on his back troubled him. He pulled off his irritating shirt. He balled it up and threw it at the wall. Searing pain burst from his marred flesh and pin pricks fired over his body. Sweat erupted and drenched his hair and skin, and his senses elevated to overload level.
Highly attune to the changes in the lair, Bryce found Tristan braced against the hall wall barely able to stand. Bryce called out, "Tristan." With no respond, he tried again in a quiet neutral manner, "Look at me." Jordan's ward whipped his head around and shot Bryce a chilling glare. Bryce mouthed an obscenity and asked Sean, who was not far from Tristan at all times, "Get Eric, Allen, and Calvin and have Frederick keep the Monroes away."
Molten fired blood rolled in Tristan's vessels, and his human vision slammed close and flickers of red pushed the calm away from his ability to see and hear clearly. Tristan turned his head from Bryce and refocused on the unmovable wall in front of him and shut everything else out. Calvin arrived first on the scene and scrutinized Jordan's ward. He shook his head knowing it would take little to set off a bloody and possibly deadly encounter. Calvin also understood size and numbers of individuals would make little difference in the face of unhinged volatile violence. Some trigger had tripped and poised the young man to explode.
Eric and Allen came running and stopped at the heat and energy blasting off of Tristan. Allen looked at Eric and Bryce and asked blandly, "Is this normal here? This isn't something I've ever seen in anyone transitioning. I didn't hear about anything like this around Tristan's first transition either." Eric replied as he watched Tristan's old claw wounds alternate between rippling and settling, "This is different." Tristan twisted his head and watched the gathered group, and his eyes telegraphed his razor sharp intentions. Bryce yelled back as Tristan abruptly pulled up and advanced in pure battle mode, "Frederick, I said keep them back." The men prepared to stop Tristan, and they attempted to maintain a balance and consider he should also be protected.
Tristan looked over the line of men to where Alexis and Jordan stood. He stopped and opened his mouth to speak. Unexpected, Tristan crumpled to the floor. Jordan ran over and settled on the floor next to him. Bryce said, "Let's move him. Please move back. I can't guarantee your safely after what I saw. He's not stable." Jordan declared, "I know him better than any of you. I won't leave him." Bryce compromised, "Until the situation is safe, don't expect to be alone with him." Alexis whispered in agreement, "Bryce is right. Something feels off. The Messenger, Connell. Call him Bryce. I think he can help." Frederick and Allen swung Jordan up to stand while Eric and Calvin carried Tristan to the gathering room. Bryce checked Tristan over quickly and asked Eric to call the Messenger. Tristan was placed on a rug in front of the hearth. Bryce directed Sean and Frederick to remove the young man's sweat soaked clothes. They wiped him down and draped a light linen cloth over his middle. Frederick was sent to watch over Blake.
Jordan walked towards Tristan and each step was countered by Allen and Calvin. They acted as barriers against the unnamed threat contained within her ward. Exasperated, Jordan said, "He won't harm us." Bryce commented, "Prior fact. Presently, that fact is questionable. The menace rolling off of Tristan has no business coming off anyone." Eric declared, "This isn't his fault. Those marks on his back are the key." Bryce concluded, "Poison possibly. This has to be treated delicately. The main concern is keeping everyone safe until the situation can be resolved. If Alexis feels the Messenger can help, I trust her judgment. Until he arrives, we'll remain vigilant. This is beyond us and is high realm otherworldly."
No less than four Werekind watched over Tristan until Connell arrived and were unmoved by Jordan's assurances of Tristan's history of trustworthiness.
****
Storm fronts bombarded the central western region of North America. Heavy rains, driving winds, and small hail assaulted the stone and brick walled buildings and unshielded land of Moon Ridge Place. Through it all, security rounds were continued by driven individuals who understood that any security lapse meant their guests' lives and equally everyone at the refuge would be affected. Failure would uncover the fragile boundaries of their haven's peace and changed the meaning of security. Even still, the Messenger's arrival surprised the diligent guards on rounds and touched off halting steps and increased alertness. One guard broke away and followed Connell and two of his allies.
The layers of lashing wind and rain were no hindrance for Connell and his Dragon Blood Kin friends, and they actually thrived and basked in the capricious elements. Near the door, Connell tempered down the blue hollows and red luminosity aspects of his nature and contained the random bursts of silver and gold scales which lit to lie dormant on his skin. He blanched his other realm energies as did those with him.
Grim faced and strained, Eric met the assemblage of Otherkind at the open door which was Connell's answer of the situation's seriousness. A wailing scream hoarse from heavy use announced Tristan's agony. Jolted, Connell was unable to hold back an outward silver eye flash echoed by the crash of near thunder and lightning. He asked, "How long?" Equally affected by Tristan's anguish, Eric answered, "This suffering, two hours. He was stone quiet before, now this." Eric did glance at the two individuals with Connell, one an ethereal statuesque female and the other a male whose looks bordered on beautiful. Where the female was golden warm tones, accompanied by red highlighted polished onyx hair, the male was cooler pales and silvers and blued black hair. As a show of good faith, Connell introduced those with him as Umbra and Lux. Eric nodded his head in acknowledgement and invited, "Come and be welcomed."
The Otherkind guests and Eric were met by Alexis who stood stoic at the gathering room's doorway. Eric skirted around the visitors who waited for her sanction. Umbra whispered to Connell only to be heard by Dragon Blood Kin, "Deeper than you spoke." Formal, Connell stated, "Assistance is our single intention." Alexis gave Umbra an awareness marked glance and commented, "Thank you for coming." In his usual grand fashion, Connell entered the gathering room cloaked in mystery and an unseemly present breeze. Umbra and Lux followed after Alexis welcomed them with astute eyes, and they both inclined their heads to her.
Connell called out orders, "Bryce, a hearth fire and have those unable to carry a grave secret leave this space. The Monroes are exempt." Bryce considered half a moment, an eternity for the Otherkind present. While they waited, every detail in the gathering room was given notice by the guests including the lavender bundles hanging from the rustic ceiling beams, the blood warm room's occupants, a large wall tapestry which depicted a cougar jumping from a rocky ledge, to the cold gray stone flooring. Not missed were the heavy masculine furnishings and scattered luxurious organic rugs, throws, and pillows. Bryce never moved his eyes from Connell in spite of the tremendous energy eclipsing the confines of the Messenger's body. Bryce responded, "Calvin, build a winter hearth fire. Anyone want to leave? This is your chance." None of the present Werekind bore a blink, twitch, or thought of displaying any hesitancy and all remained fixed to their intent.
Connell reached out and touched Jordan's shoulder and gained her full attention and said on a rolling breath and simultaneous projected to the sisters, "The hurt I cause Tristan is necessary. This is the only way. My heart sorrows for the pain he suffers added to what he already has endured." He motioned Umbra and Lux over, and they both gently turned Tristan over. Umbra told the one suffering, "We'll cool the war within you. We have come to lend you strength and aid," and Lux added, "We stand witness and offer our support. Warrior born of warrior blood, you're lost to us no longer. Hold fast to my hand and allow us to help you. Squeeze my hand as hard as you must. We will see you through this."
Connell struck lightning fast and reopened Tristan's old back wounds. The room held the shocked inhaled breaths of the Monroe sisters and Werekind sounds of disbelieve. Poised on a scream, Tristan quieted quickly. He dropped his head and taunt body back down on the floor's solid surface. Connell resaid to the angry assembled Werekind and pensive Monroe sisters, "It had to be."
Umbra and Lux ripped off lengths of cloth and blotted Tristan's seeping wounds and tossed the soiled strips into the flames. The fire flared then reduced to glowing coals. Bare handed, Lux reached into the smoldering coals and sifted through the embers until he uncovered a small solidified residue mass. The heat incited a silver scale formation around and up his hand and arm. Once retracted from the heat, the scales slipped away and were replaced by pale cool skin. Lux handed off the residue to Connell and dusted off the ash in a bellowed cloud. He blew on the ash haze, and the ash escaped into nothingness.
The gashes on Tristan's back knitted closed, and the raw hollowed depths filled in rapidly. Sweat evaporated from his cooling body, and his storm coursed eyes opened and tracked the room's activity and occupants he could see. Lux commented, "Necessity sharpened instincts I see, for trust is far from your heart wells. Rest. You are safe warrior young." Umbra studied Tristan's left upper arm tattoo with its transparent wings which immerged from a shadowed Celtic tree of life, and she viewed the large open raptor wing tattoo incorporated in the closing slash marks on his back. Last, she took inventory of the life battle scars on the young male of blended Kithe/ Dragon Blood Kin/Human hearth places, and she felt his raw independent strength. Umbra lifted a section of Tristan's silky hair and marked individual dark burgundy and gold strands intertwined in the rich layers of brown. Umbra intoned, "Be at peace, you fight no more this day. Born warrior, of that fact, there is no doubt. Rest and be at ease. If any question your worthy spirit and don't see its piercing light, they will encounter the consequences." Connell said on a rolling breath, "Tristan, the taint is gone. I am unable to remove the bad memories which were placed at the same time. Know you have connections, those who reside in rarified high air. The same holds for you both as well, Jordan and Alexis." Connell, Umbra, and Lux prepared to go, and Connell said to everyone, "Call when there is need."
Connell walked over to the Monroe sisters, reached over and lifted Jordan's chin. He viewed her tear brimmed eyes and cautioned wryly, "Don't coddle him. He might think you see him as a youngling. Be well." Connell wiped away her fallen tears with a gentle thumb brush. He next turned to Alexis and firmly squeezed her upper arm before he left with Umbra and Lux. The Otherkind disappeared into the stormy darkness.
Allen commented after their visitors were gone, "Bryce, you suggested this situation required delicacy. If what I witnessed was their idea of finesse, I don't want to see what they consider extreme." Equally moved, Calvin said after a shiver past over him, "I personally couldn't walk over to someone and calmly rip open healed healthy flesh." Bryce responded, "It's not our way, but the matter was completed with respect and full warrior honor support evident. I don't think it was easy for Connell however it looked to us."
Bryce glanced at his quiet friend and asked, "Eric?" Eric pulled himself out of deep thoughts and offered, "Dragon Blood Kin at the lair and our guests were no underlings. Connell shared a relationship between Dragon Blood Kin and Messengers. He didn't come as Messenger today. Neither friend or foe and information of their presence in more than the high mountains or near lands puts us on a precarious plane. We can't cross those we're unable to track or trace, and what is their full intention?" Bryce sagely advised, "Best to keep this unspoken. This test is barbed and potentially lethal. It's difficult to believe Connell simply does anything unintended." Eric added, "Definitely, he showed more than necessary. In this case, more knowledge is hazardous." Allen smiled and concluded, "Cunning. We've been bested." Tight lipped, Eric and Calvin held comment, and Bryce answered, "Nicely boxed in. I'll concede the day to Connell and his friends. And we can't fault them for their willing efforts. They entwined agendas. One is clear and one a mystery."
Alexis added to the conversation, "Connell is a watchful guardian and is helping." Jordan concluded, "He's watchful for a reason, shows a deep caring more than lending a hand to passing strangers. Who is Connell?" Alexis replied, "More than he lets on, and I'm unable to discern the reason." Bryce walked over and checked on Tristan and concluded, "He's bound to return, and we'll expect him."
On the verge of full wakefulness, Jordan took inventory of her surroundings. She rested on her stomach and wiggled her free toes. Her nose was a breath away from being squeezed into the back of the couch, and the top of her head rested by Allen's thigh. Her splayed hand covered an expanse of overly warm skin. Out of curiosity, Jordan rubbed her hand on that skin covered by fine hair, and the distinct firm muscles underneath the skin tensed. Allen exhaled a heated breath and captured Jordan's roaming hand under his shirt. He commented, "You're waking more than yourself friend." In her haste to remove her hand, Jordan rolled off the couch and promptly fell on Calvin who sounded an "umfff" when she kneed him in the stomach. Calvin's hands held her in place. Resting her head and hands on the floor, Jordan thought, 'can this get any worse?' when she was bodily lifted off Calvin before she could right her waking senses or was able to scramble away. Eric whispered in Jordan's ear as he sat her in a free chair, "If you were completely awake, I'd think you were stirring up a wrinkle." Eric watched Allen force himself to regain control and not react to Jordan's approach. Eric brought his attention back to Jordan and continued, "Unless you want more from Allen than friendship, I highly suggest you refrain from rubbing skin. You may be instinct driven and are reacting without thinking. You've been warned. I'll make you some caffeinated tea. You seem a mite fuzzy. Allen, mind joining me a moment?" Jordan regarded Eric cat staring into her face and watched as he left the room with Allen. She blinked several times, looked over at Tristan and was relieved to see him quiet and calm. She considered Bryce lying on the floor positioned by her ward near the hearth. In her peripheral vision, Jordan saw Calvin get up from the floor while he rubbed his stomach. She quickly recalled her recent actions, and her cheeks burned in memory. Jordan apologized which Calvin brushed away and offered back when he saw her bright face, "No worries, it could have happened to anyone in the same position. What with nature's call and instinct. Sometimes we have to explore our feelings and feel all the way to our fingertips. Eric wants to make sure you completely understand and be prepared when actions are reciprocated. Another thing beautiful Rayna, any male here would have gladly traded places with Allen, and you can take that as the compliment it's intended to be. If you'll excuse me for a few minutes, I'm going to get myself a cool drink. Want anything?" Thinking of the best way to answer, Jordan settled on shaking her head no. Calvin smirked and teasing said, "I'll bring you something cool back. I think you can use it."
Jordan put her cool hands on her hot cheeks and shook her head again. She stood tall and long, stretched her fingertips to the ceiling, and loosened stiff muscles. Jordan padded over on bare feet to see Tristan. Bryce stood in a flash and commented, "Take a look at his back." Tristan's reopened wounds were completely healed in a smooth twining scarification pattern which did not disrupt the black, blue, and purple colors of Tristan's tattoos. Not asleep, Tristan rolled to his side and sat up on the floor. Jordan grasped his shoulders and steadied him a quick second. She pulled her support back and gave him the opportunity to do it on his own. Tristan caught his guardian's eyes and murmured, "Thanks." In answer, Jordan nodded her head. Bryce suggested, "Let's give Tristan some time," and Bryce led Jordan back over to the other section of the gathering room.
Soon after, Sean gave Tristan a pile of clothes and said, "Food will be ready in ten minutes, think you can be civil? Alexis is coming with Blake for the meal." Tristan questioned the request silently. Dryly, Sean suggested, "Pull back on the intense wildness currently bleeding through, or you're welcome to eat in the confines of your room." Tristan concentrated on quieting the tempest tide inside his skin and drew in deep calming breaths. Sean asked before he returned to the kitchen, "Your back hurt?" Tristan lifted his head and answered, "It would be untrue to say it didn't." Sean nodded and replied, "I'll entertain Blake and Alexis and give you a little more time." Tristan declined the offer and said, "I'm okay." Sean expressed, "Not today. I don't doubt you will be though."
Later, Alexis spoke to her sister, and Blake was set to wonder the confines of the gathering room freely under the watchful eyes of all. Sean and a couple of others placed platters of blood rare to medium well done grilled meats, pitchers of drinks, a bag of baked rolls, and a plate of Jordan's sugar cookies. For the Monroes, there was a small salad, an assortment of fruit, and warmed milk for Blake. The Monroe sisters and Blake were offered the selections first. Curious, Jordan asked about Tristan's omission. Bryce explained, "Tristan is on the same footing as the rest of us and requires no special courtesy. It's a disservice to treat him any other way."
Through the meal, there was no conversation and a bunch of almost manners that included grabbing, knife spearing, and wrangling individual portions. Near the end of the meal, Bryce pushed a platter holding the last piece of meat closer to Tristan when the young man resorted to mowing through the remaining fruit and had the cookies in his sights. Blake slipped off his seat, and scrambled over, under, and around the legs of those seated, and pulled up to stand by Bryce. On tiptoes, Blake reached for the meat, and Bryce offered, "And we can't forget you. Tristan won't miss this piece," and he cut off a small piece for Blake.
While the Werekind ate, the Monroes sisters had a silent conversation. Tired of Jordan avoiding her questioning eyes, Alexis quirked her eyebrows at her sister and asked, "Bryce, mind if Blake stays here? We'll be in my guest room." Alexis gave Jordan a 'do you want to talk about this here because you know I will' look. Jordan conceded and sighed a windy exhale. After Jordan and Alexis were gone, Allen pushed his unfinished plate of food away, and Sean inquired, "You finished?" Allen gestured to his plate and said, "Its fair game." Sean speared the remaining meat with his sharp serrated table knife before anyone else reached it. Composed, Tristan pulled the remaining fruit, salad, and remaining rolls over to his side of the table and asked, "Anybody want these?" A chorus of negatives was the response. Eric told Tristan, "We can get something more substantial if you're still hungry. You used a great amount of energy and depleted your reserves." Tristan responded around a mouthful of apple, "This is enough." Doubtful, Eric watched Tristan use both hands to bring food to his mouth, and the thought of eating large quantities of fruit and salad materials was enough to make Eric cringe. He tried again, "You sure?" Tristan opened his mouth to answer, and a trail of fruit juice mixed with saliva ran out. A hardened warrior, Eric turned his head from the awful sight. Tristan used the back of his hand and wiped his face. He answered, "I'm good," and resumed munching through vegetation leaves and matured tree flowers which were the antithesis of normal Werekind diets. Eric shrugged his shoulders, suppressed another cringe, and replied, "All right. If you change your mind, we'll make you something good and proper."
Eric approached Bryce who was throwing a pillow back and forth to Blake and said, "I thought we had table etiquette problems until a few moments ago. You talk to him. I'm going to take Blake out for some air. Sound fun?" Blake dropped the pillow and voiced loud, "Yes." Eric interrupted Allen's ensconced silence and asked, "I can use your expertise training a future tracker. I think Blake will outpace my limited hunting skills." Eric ran over and captured Blake. He held him suspended high then draped him over a shoulder. Eric reached out and put a hand on Allen's shoulder and said, "We need another teammate. Right Blake?" Eager and energetic, Blake spoke, "Play now." Allen was caught in Blake's enthusiastic web and accepted Eric's directional shift. Allen replied, "Ready to run fast?" Blake answered, "Run fast fast and hide."
Bryce walked over to Tristan and asked, "How are you feeling?" Wary, Tristan answered around the food in his mouth, "Well enough." Bryce sat down and watched Tristan savagely rip through an orange, back hand his face clean, and wipe his hands on his pants. While Tristan relaxed back in his chair, Bryce started, "Well, I'm not implying you're doing anything wrong, I want to go over a few table rules we follow. Cutlery, particularly knives, is used for spearing and cutting anything you're unable to fit into your mouth. And in rare cases, it's used to fend off those who don't understand the word mine. Second, we don't look down on the use of napkins." Tristan visibly relaxed further back into his chair and proceeded to use his thumbnail to pick fruit morsels and meat bits from his teeth. Exasperated, Bryce sighed and concluded, "Well then, we're finished here. We'll take up this subject some other time. Come on, I understand you enjoy music. Let's find Frederick and get you setup in the electronics room. Or you want to do something else, that's fine." Tristan extracted himself from the chair and pushed back the hair hanging in his face. Full of awareness, he asked, "Honestly, my actions or the fruit?" Impressed, Bryce responded, "More the fruit. Rough edges will change when you decide. By the way, your perceptions are exceptional. You ready for a different focus?" Tristan walked slower and noticeably worked out kinked muscles and the settling skin of his back, and he didn't ask for any special considerations. Bryce endorsed the effort by offering none. Sincere, Tristan answered, "It does. Sounds perfect."
Blue Lake Lodge Werekind Wolf Territory
Kaden met Dylan, the Conclave Hunter, at the Blue Lake Lodge's substantial main gates. Kaden activated the gate. Dylan drove through the same location Alexis had chanced a risky decision, a decision which affected her whole Monroe Kin.
Kaden got into Dylan's truck and was blasted by what felt like an arctic freeze. He directed the moveable vents towards his friend and asked, "Early frost not enough?" Kaden tried to let down the window, and Dylan quick locked out the window control. He ignored Kaden's blather about 'the unnatural chill' and responded, "This isn't even close to uncomfortable. Barely tolerable for me." Kaden changed the subject and asked, "How was your hunt?" In a pensive mood, Dylan responded, "Empty leads and cold invisible trails. Something larger than individual rogue attacks is happening. I can feel it in my gut. Something's brewing and best we're all prepared." Kaden replied, "We're in agreement on this end. We can use your assistance to prepare for the Monroes' stop here before they go on to the Conclave." Dylan turned off the air conditioning and rolled the windows down before he commented, "We could use Marcus too, but he's tied up in the White River area helping with a request from Owen. The rogue situation is crossing over and affecting full humans in the White River region, in particular the WAA."
Dylan pulled up to the Blue Lake's main lodge. He cut off the engine, and Kaden expressed, "The timing and specific locations involved leads us to think the Monroes individually or as a whole play some role in these situations. In echoed sentiments, Dylan stated, "Reason why the Monroes must remain guarded against whoever means them harm." Kaden concurred, "In addition, Darryl's betrayal cut us to our core, and we all suffer from his acts. When we have to police our own, the heart of our coalition is disturbed. Darryl's treachery effects those we promised to protect, none more than Ryan and William." Dylan responded, "You all will hold strong, and the Monroes have a number of strong allies. We'll all see this through. The Monroes will be well defended."
Kaden and Dylan jogged up the main lodge steps and were met there by Ryan and William. The Blue Lake Lodge was the staging point and interim home grounds for the Monroes, and a safe environment was essential for a strong base.
White River Werekind Coyote Territory
Owen and Ben sat in Daniel's room. Jamie moved away from his patient's side and spoke in hushed tones to his alpha. Owen thanked Jamie and walked over to where Daniel lay. Owen spoke, "You walk the earth. You're welcome in the place and the duration is your choice. You no longer bear fallen alone." Daniel answered, "I accept." He asked the present Dragon Blood Kin warriors, "Ariel's conditions?" One answered, "Theron, you above all know your sister. Suggestion, ask another. The Grand Dame Guardian commanded Alpha Owen Miller with the conditions." Owen inquired, "Ask what?" In a strengthening voice, Daniel explained, "Ariel's guards are held here by a condition and will remain until those terms are met or I meet my end." Owen drummed his hand which bore Ariel's ring and retraced past time. He recalled and repeated, "See the day of light and walk blades of grass dew burdened."
Daniel Baldric Theron stretched his senses beyond the room where he currently resided and stated, "I'm well to do this." A weathered Dragon Blood Kin warrior, Lathe replied, "In all my existence, I haven't seen any with a stronger heart or will. But common sense, that's where yours is carved thin." Owen recognized Daniel's intent and asked Ben, "Clear the way to the east door. Have the guard there contact Rex and Heather and put them on alert." Lathe asked Daniel, "You're good to see this through, but your movement is suspect?" Owen watched the byplay between the two and questioned, "Is this behavior common?" The other warrior simply replied, "Yes," and Daniel was helped to stand. The group then made their way to the east door entrance.
A sliver of morning light announced the break of day and the night spent. Daniel inhaled deep early fall air, and his feet sank into dew born blades of green grass. Ariel's guards eased away from him, and Lathe said, "Stay safe Theron. You are missed among us." Daniel stood on his own and replied, "And I the same." Lathe told Owen, "Our gratitude for protecting one of ours. These actions are regarded well and won't be forgotten." Owen nodded his response, and the Dragon Blood Kin warriors walked off and blended into the disappearing darkness.
The ground's cold seeped into Daniel's body, and a chill overtook him. Shadowed eyes and pulling pallor ruled him, and he drew his sluggish feet across the green supple stands. After one glance back, Daniel propelled his leaden limbs and spirit ahead. Owen and Ben walked him back to the east entrance of the West Compound, and they quietly supported him. The arriving morning air was unburdened by their voices though the moments bore the weight of deep thoughts and emotions.
Later that day, Owen simmered with the thoughts of rogues threatening his territory. Whispered questions, violence, and a steady drive to pierce the armor of the White River organization put a strain on everyone. Owen decided it was time to have a discussion with Daniel. The time for waiting was pushed to a fast end. All knowledge was paramount and any lapse could affect many lives.
Owen and Graham arrived in the room of the fallen. Seated in a chair, Daniel remained upright by sheer determination only, and Jamie had admonished him earlier to no avail. In a strained voice, Daniel inquired, "Major changes by the feel of things?" Owen responded, "Let's start with what impacts you greatest. Mia Slater said the WAA considers you dead or missing. She won't report anything else about you. It will mean your absolute death. She wanted to see you, but we're restricted because of your kin's involvement. She risked a lot coming and is in danger regardless of her non statement of that fact." Daniel was struck deep by the information and asked, "Is Mia safe?" Graham answered, "We received assistance from an associate, and Mia and those loyal to her were moved to safe grounds. From what I heard, it was difficult convincing her that departure was the most prudent choice. She was ready to make the ultimate decision and proved that by her selfless acts." Owen continued, "Bottom line, someone or some group is setting up the White River organization, and they undermined Mia's WAA position while working toward that goal. My actions as well as Mia's are all being questioned, and a finessed hand is applying the pressure. Your real identity clears up a few items. Rogues reach further than Werekind. Not a question you have to answer, only speculation. Brings us around to the reason you gave me your sister's ring."
Rich burgundy hair contrasted high against Daniel's wan skin, and he still bore bone chill coldness from his earlier excursion. His charged amethyst eyes met Owen's steel driven brown gaze, and both dueled without words. Daniel fought down quivers and wobbled as he stood. He explained, "Either by your own actions, by the Dragon Blood Kin rogue, or other rogues seeking your place, you were bound for exposure despite my presence. Simply put, your organization's stability and ultimately your strengths are crucial factors." Owen quickly caught Daniel before he fell down. As he and Graham assisted their visitor, Graham commented, "Pushed a little. Let's get you back to bed before you fall over dead for your effort." Owen half laughed and added, "We're not beasts to see past your comfort, no matter what you've heard." Weak, Daniel dry chuckled and stated, "Far be it for me to call anyone a beast with my blood's history and for a few of my kind's abuse of power, which brings us around to the subject at hand." Gently, Owen stated, "Hold everything for now. See to your rest. We'll speak later when your strength returns." Owen recognized Daniel needed to say more and inquired, "What is it?" Daniel answered, "Information was given to me by a lone, and I owe him. He's at risk." Owen asked, "Where is he? And what's his name?" With his voice weaker, Daniel replied, "Gray is at the Fifth Avenue Clinic or already dead by disease or rogues." Owen said, "We'll take him to safe grounds if he's alive and agreeable. We'll tell him the request came from you. Sleep. Don't worry more on that matter now. I oath your concern dispatched."
Owen asked, "Mind sitting with our guest for a while." Graham nodded his head and pulled up a chair closer to Daniel's bed. Graham casually commented, "So you're Dragon Blood Kin?" With drooping eyelids, Daniel rolled his head toward Graham, smiled weak, and confessed, "Every part of me even when I appear as human as the next person." Graham questioned, "Is it difficult carrying out a role and appearing something you're not?" Daniel considered Graham and responded, "You tell me. You ask questions you already can answer. Who are you fooling? Since you started the questioning, I'll do the same. What are you hiding?" Owen whistled and commented, "He has you there Graham, and he's been around you all of a few days." Unfazed, Graham asked, "Your hunt was unsuccessful?" Daniel quieted a change and revealed, "Seth, Seth Lewis is the key." Owen turned back towards Daniel and replied, "I suspected as much." Daniel stated while still awake, "Better to be prepared." Owen commented to the sleeping Dragon Blood Kin Hunter, "The knowing won't lessen the task or what has already happened."
Later, Owen pushed up from his desk chair and considered the ring on his finger. Unable to remove it, he settled on rotating it several times around. A knock sounded at his door, and he called out, "Enter." Rex handed Owen a phone and mouthed, "Messenger, Ariel." Owen requested, "Stay, I want to talk to you when I'm done." He took the phone and replied, "Madame." Owen held in thoughts pressing to spill free, and Ariel replied, "Polite, though sided to a point. Am I welcome at tomorrow's hearth meal?" Owen responded, "Ultimately, you'll do what you want, and we won't bar the door from any Messenger at any time." Owen considered Ariel's ring resting on his finger again and continued, "My suggestion. Give your brother a couple of days. He's resting well. But you know him better than I do." The line was quiet except for the faint sound of Ariel's breathing. She compromised and said, "A quick visit tonight and no words will I utter to disturb him." Owen answered, "At your convenience. I presume you're nearby." Ariel countered before she ended the call, "The same distance you would accept if our roles were reversed. We're not so different." Owen righted his eyes back to human normal and handed the phone back to Rex. He said, "Prepare for her arrival and work on finding the lone named Gray. And Rex, make Seth Lewis the priority. Daniel named him as a Dragon Blood Kin rogue. Daniel Fisher or rather Daniel Baldric Theron was hunting Seth Lewis. Daniel landing on our ground fallen was no accident or coincidence. Damn timing is running freely. Any period of normalcy for us is gone until we manage all of this." Rex said, "I'll pass the word to be on our best behavior for our guest's visit. She may be a necessary means to an end." Owen voiced, "Behavior not so clear as to alarm her. She believes she and I are of the same mind." Rex said, "Guess we'll have to prove her wrong." Owen continued, "She has the advantage." Owen held up his ring bound hand and said, "Because I don't know what this means to Dragon Blood Kin or Messengers." Rex offered, "I understand." Owen returned, "Help me keep this going in the right direction." Rex told Owen, "Always. All of us will."
Moon Ridge Werekind Great Cat Territory
Jordan considered her reflection in the bathroom mirror. Dark circles rested under her multifaceted brown eyes. She ran the sink water and let it fill and flow over the edges of her hands. She took some water and cooled her neck and face. The majority of the water drops fell and some evaporate away from her raised skin temperature. She glanced back at her reflection and turned the water off. Finding nothing had changed, Jordan centered herself and pulled her damp wavy hair into a loose twist. She went back into the suite room, and selected a pair of cargo khaki pants and a light cotton shirt. She quickly dressed and packed the last of her belongings.
Jordan found her sister holding Blake asleep on her lap and smiled at their similar dress. She sat next to her sister and nephew, and they all shared the silence for a time. Alexis broke the quiet and stated, "It feels like a lifetime since we were back home. This all feels surreal, almost a shadow of who and what we use to be. Everything has changed, from taking out the garbage, grocery shopping, and paying the bills. I was ready to put my job on hold and find out about Blake's father. Then everything jumbled all up and left me hurrying to catch up and understand details I'm living." Jordan commented, "This wasn't real for me until I opened the door and saw Kaden and Dylan standing on my front porch. When I locked my house and took Tristan, it felt final. I'm glad we're all together. It definitely has helped given everything that's occurred. We haven't talked much since this all happened." Alexis assessed her sister and said, "No, we were living moment by moment and trying to make sense of this in our own separate ways. We will meet what comes." Jordan slid off the bed and reached for Blake, "I'll carry him. Don't wake him." Alexis helped adjust Blake in her sister's arms and both sisters moved to face their futures and the futures of Blake and Tristan.
Alexis and Jordan joined Calvin and Eric. Eric explained, "Frederick and Sean are sitting with Tristan in the kitchen. He's making his way through a good portion of our morning meat supply by himself. We don't want to send him out nigh on starved. That would be a dangerous thing. Good dark Raynas. A good time for a departure though not a good time to see either of you leave our grounds. These territories are open for you all. Jordan, give us advanced notice, and the kitchen will be stocked to your specifications." Eric reached over and lifted Blake from Jordan's arms and placed him over a shoulder. Jordan answered "Hint received. I'm sure we can come up with a plan to get my baked goods to the lair." Eric replied, "Excellent, we'll discuss the details later." He directed, "Connell waits outside."
Lux and Umbra stood beside Connell down from Bryce, Allen, and several Moon Ridge guards. They all paused in the night graced by tranquil air. The realm walkers scanned the thick shadows far further than the others could see or imagine, while Bryce and Allen watched their visitors.
When Alexis and Jordan crossed over the lair's main entrance, the Dragon Blood Kin tracked their focus to them. Connell walked towards the sisters and matched their steps until Connell was several arms lengths away. He spoke in a voice able to be heard by all and also used the communication method favored by Dragon Blood Kin. Connell spoke, "We came to show our support at your leave taking. None of us can undo the past, but this time I am present. Called to notice are my past inactions, an atonement if you will. I am at hand for your family though my time for any single instance is limited." Connell changed his voice only to be heard by Dragon Blood Kin. In a voice Alexis and Jordan were able to heed, he whispered strong to their ears and confided, "Don't count us gone when we're not seen. The toll is great to remain visible. A few are able..." Connell stopped speaking as he was bombarded by thoughts, feelings, and bygone memories incased in flint and steel air ready to catch a spark. He collected himself, refocused on the Monroe sisters, and continued in his previous rolling voice, "Peace sisters Monroe. I offer you a place in our realm if for nothing more than visits. Be welcome at my hearth by your choice. Presently, other issues are at the forefront."
Umbra and Lux echoed Connell's invitation voiced first by Umbra, "Your mother's mother was known to us, and we welcome her kin. We will receive your family at our South Hearth Hold. Lux gallantly bowed and added, "We of the North Hold also give our welcome."
Connell winked and good naturedly said, "You never know when kin will show their presence. Consider yourselves hearth born made, our made kin be you born of our lines or not. Our three hearth holds will welcome you all." Connell quirked his head at those hovering not far away and said, "They and others have intervened, and I'm thankful. My chosen role on this realm is Messenger, a way to meet a challenge of a thrown gauntlet many centuries past. A few of us have walked royal houses, common halls, huts, and hollows and were known for what we truly are. We venture from our realm for experiences and interact inside places we were not born to stay. Quibble not on past bygones is easier said than done. My apologies. Sometimes I get lost in amblings spoken and otherwise. You see me whole in this place this instance. I am unshielded."
Alexis walked to Connell, and Jordan followed close behind. Alexis said, "Shielded or unshielded, viewers are sometimes able to see past borders and boundaries of spoken and unspoken words." Connell smiled and added to both sisters, "Truth and truly. Jordan, you have your grandmother's appearance. Alexis, you have Dragon Blood Kin awareness. I had strong feelings for Madeleine and didn't seek her soon enough when she left our realm. When I did, she was gone. I was lost in my sorrow and wandered our realm and also this sphere. I trekked immense distances, liberated meant interchange. Yet I was unable to find full understanding and acceptance." Alexis put a finger by Connell's lips, and Jordan added, "You don't owe us an explanation." Connell grasped one of each of the sister's hands and rubbed a soothing touch over them. He let their hands go and said, "Beyond my Messenger's duties and my wanderings, this is personal. Thank you for allowing it to be. Jordan, if you permit, we have something for your ward. When his dragon side surfaces, an anchor alloy using metals from both realms will ease the process. Common pieces used include rings, belt buckles, blades, arm and wrist bands or the alloy is infused directly into the skin as tattoos. Rings are most commonly worn. Is this acceptable? I vow no harmful affect or influence." In affirmation, Jordan nodded her head and said, "I recognize a sincere moment for what it is." She tipped her head up to Connell and offered, "I'll get Tristan." Connell replied as she walked away, "Thank you for your trust. I realize it doesn't come easy." Able to hear the Monroe sisters' side of the conversation, Eric called out from the doorway "I'll get him." He handed Blake over to Calvin and went into the lair.
When Eric returned, Umbra approached him and intentionally brushed against his shoulder. Eric eased away from her six inches. Umbra closed the distance and caught his eyes. Eric questioned an eyebrow at Umbra, and she returned a soft smile. After making her point of interest, Umbra moved back to stand by Lux who said in his otherworld way, "This is unlike you." Umbra glanced at Eric and took in his complete composition. She spoke to Lux and used his same speaking method, "If he was from our realm, I would feel the same. Eric happens to reside here. I suggest you regard your own interests Blue Dragon and leave me to my own likes and unlikes". Lux chuckled and said, "Clear enough. Of course I will accompany you when you revisit. You need not ask me. I will come anyway, for your protection of course Madame Grand Dame Warrior." Umbra sliced her eyes through the calm air and tracked them to Lux's and flashed them bright. Lux muttered "Well, well you're serious. I'll joke on the matter...less." Umbra relaxed and responded, "Ever the jokester, and to think you're years older than I." Lux commented, "Elder and wiser more." Umbra hissed an answer.
Connell explained the purpose of anchoring articles was to contain unstable energies, and Tristan followed the details far wiser than his years or experiences. Connell gave him a matching set of rings which he helped position on Tristan's left thumb and fifth finger. Connell pulled out one of his own personal blades and presented it to Tristan. He offered the blade hilt first, and Tristan instinctively wrapped his hand around the ancient blade hilt and held it firm. Connell explained as Tristan studied the blade, "Metal from my home region. Tempered by silver dragon flame, I was told. I have never met any silver dragons. Though Tristan, a blade of high order tempered by their fires is best in your hand. A reminder, you have acquaintances and ties behind the Veil in highlands full of misty low clouds and sharpness. The change will bring you over, doubly so as you are now hearth kin made. It will be your choice where you walk after the initial journey. Not Kithe, Humankind, or Otherkind full, those select parts roam apart. First human, next Kithe. And last, touched by dragon flame. One of silver true heart, I see plain youngling. You have clear strength able to meet your challenges. Remember your connection to the lands reigning in high mountain air beyond this time and place. All is not understood or relative. Give it time and patience. Same as youngling to mature. You carry everything you need."
Tristan absorbed the information and nodded. His uncertainty was presently clear, and Connell said to him on a Dragon Blood Kin rolling breath of air, "Linger not on how, simply let it happen. The rest is instinct and your born astuteness and abilities."
Connell walked back to Monroe sisters and asked them, "Do you trust me?" Alexis replied, "I'll trust you more when you give us full disclosure." Jordan added, "Up from fifty percent to around seventy-five." Connell nodded and said, "Thank you both for your candor. Honesty yields easiest and lightens the weight." Connell continued, "I extend a hearth bond, and it comes with no expectations. It's only an invitation of welcome when you both decide." Connell took a piece of alloy metal from one of his overcoat's pockets, heated it with a fired breath, and worked the metal into a bracelet barely visible to the naked human eye even with its captured light. Connell made a second one and fasten the alloys on the sisters' wrists. He told them if they wanted the bracelet visible, "Think is so or the bracelet will remain invisible." Connell explained, "Either way, Dragon Blood Kin will see it for what it is. A connection to my hearth."
Jordan didn't hold back her views and stated, "Connell is at least one of your real names. You're only here some of the time, and where you are the rest of the time is beyond my reality. Unshielded, that I don't buy. And making jewelry between two breaths with next to nothing is quite something. Throw in a bracelet which people I don't know will recognize and understand what it means, and I don't fully. The bits about messages and wandering leave a thought or two in my mind. Sound about right." Connell returned, "Spot on. I would expect no less. I wish for more time in this instance."
Alexis grasped Connell's fleeting right fingers and held them solid. She felt the convergence of his inner fire heat and sparks of brittle cold. Alexis broke the hold and added, "Departure from this time only." Connell backed away from the sisters and spoke on a charged voice, "Truth made." Connell, Lux, and Umbra blinked away from sight. Those present watched the realm and dimension walkers disappear into nothingness, and all in varying degrees processed the encounter. Allen opened his mouth to comment, and Eric suggested against that act by a slashed downward hand motion. Allen strained his eyes to see into the cloaking darkness and beyond as did the others outside the lair. Bryce said to move the collective group past the pitched atmosphere, "We leave in one hour," and the group dispersed.
White River Werekind Coyote Territory
Owen answered his cell phone on the second ring and said, "Yes." Heather replied on the other end, "Ben and Tony's information was correct. Marley Forrest- Griffin is the unidentified woman in the photos taken from the information seeker. Interesting combination of last names wouldn't you say? And her look reads Steppes region of Eurasia. The photos don't capture her eye shine and bone structure. I'm watching her drag some substantial downed limbs to a pile in the back of her property. Following her around is a massive canine. This dog scares the shit out of my coyote side. She lopes with the precision of a hunting hound. She flashes teeth in a cross between a smile and a silent warning. Damned if I'm going to fall for that 'I'm just a big goofy dog with monster sized teeth'. That canine is a guardian, and her job is security of the property and watcher for her mistress. I can hear her thinking from here. Both mistresses of this property recognized they're being watch. Marley has made moves to confirm this and is sending back the message she's not threatened by my presence. I'm sending you detailed pictures."
Owen received and assessed the pictures. He commented "Interesting. What do you think?" Heather answered, "Not sure. Getting strong canine, the heavy scent of the huge dog. It's unusual for Werekind to have companion pets. If I didn't think I would be torn into tiny pieces by the guardian or flatten by one of the tree limbs Marley's not struggling to carry, I would go up and ask to skip the guesswork." Heather watched Marley and could easily picture her dressed as a member of an ancient warrior tribe instead of jeans and pullover top, an Amazon. And her modern take on a headdress was a purple tie-dye bandana. She favored the sun by the warmth of her skin tones, and a heavy braid of dark hair rested on her strong back. Heather had no problem imagining Marley riding a horse using leg control and targeting prey with bow and arrow or javelin.
Owen cautioned which brought Heather back to the present century and time, "Don't risk a challenge. Considering everything going on in our once tranquil environment, nothing is hard to believe right now. Pull back, sometimes if you think too long on a situation it becomes too tempting to pass up. We'll pursue more formal means to contact Madame Forrest- Griffin and her guardian companion. Come pick up Ben and Graham and follow-up on some leads concerning the rogue situation." Heather agreed with Owen and drove off from the White River Werekind Community's latest puzzle.
****
Daniel stood and released his arms from the side of the bed as Owen watched him from the door. Owen commented when Daniel didn't fall over, "We leave you resting and find you up when we come back. Might as well put you to work. Not like you're going to rest when left to your own devices. I wonder what you're trying to prove and to whom. You're in no condition to chase your personal demons and are bound to kill your own self before your problems run you down. Just an observation. Come on, I could use your opinion on some matters. Want help? Or are you going to be stoic as hell." Daniel bared his teeth in a nasty grin and ground out the word, "Stoic". Owen responded, "The last part was rhetorical you know." Daniel took a few shaky steps before his gait steadied. He followed Owen out of the room and said in an aside, "Provoking a wounded dragon is risky." Owen replied, "The lot of my life is riddled with risk. With you, I was only stating the obvious."
When they arrived at an informal meeting room, Owen inquired, "Hungry?" Honest, Daniel answered, "Yes." Owen asked, "Anything in particular?" Fighting feral, Daniel replied, "Meat, rare. No whole fish. Scales and bones can be a nuisance when one is over hungry and short on finesse." Daniel watched the White River leader watching him and answered, "If one must come, Connell and not my sister. My stability is chancy." Owen said, "And your cheery edge is dull as of late, and the downtime strain is evident. Give me a few moments." Owen used a house phone then returned his attention back to his guest. Owen instructed, "I don't know about Dragon Blood Kin or Kithe cultures. We don't stand on ceremony here. If you have something to say, say it. If you disagree, your opinion will at least be heard. If you're hungry, eat. A hungry predator is dangerous whether close or far. I'll pass the word to expect Connell in the near future. If you require sometime not found in this environment, we'll attempt to rectify that deficit if possible."
Owen focused on Daniel's disquiet and asked, "How are your interactions here compared to home?" Daniel reminisced and thought about a particular hearth instance. A scene of a primitive hearth surrounded by great chairs and tables curved from stone and larger than life detailed tapestries hung on the walls. A grand hearth fire warmed the surround to Dragon Blood Kin comfort, chunks of meat sizzled over blazing fires, and servers carried trays of chalices and delicate treats. He recalled sitting in an unmovable seat, the smell and vision of smoke from the fires and of beeswax candles swirling on the air. The passage of family members and hearth kin sped through his thoughts. Dragon Blood Kin were a fiery lot, full of passions and strong convictions, and he missed that sharpness. Memories from Daniel's home hearth burned free, and the reminiscence recaptured a grounding element. A hand on his shoulder released Daniel from his musings as it had a time before, and Daniel answered, "Environments are worlds different. As for interactions, there are some similarities." Daniel deduced Owen's gentle hand directing him back to his hearth and heart. He inclined is head in a silent acknowledgement, and Owen returned the gesture.
Chris and two others brought in platters of meat, bread, a cheese tray, and drinks. The young adults recognized Daniel's level of hunger as he zeroed in on the pile of lightly grilled prime sections, and they pushed the trays within his reach and backed away. Owen thanked them and walked to cover their retreating backs. Alone again, Owen commented, "I'll eat with you." He allowed Daniel to pick the first piece, blood rare, and Owen picked a smaller more cooked piece. While Daniel was engrossed in tearing through a platter of meat, a group of Owen's inner circle including his brother came in. They all skirted around Daniel intently feeding. Not one to shy away from an elephant in the room, Adrian asked, "Are you related to a young male by the name Tristan? I see similarities." Daniel moved his full unused silverware aside and picked up the setting napkin and wiped his hands and face. He flashed his eyes bright lavender before they dimmed to their normal purple hue. Adrian held his ground and played off Daniel's telegraphed intensity. He felt Daniel's power push pass the confines of his body and commented, "Definitely faced the like before." Daniel responded, "I have no knowledge of one named Tristan. Is he Dragon Blood Kin?" Owen answered, "Unknown. My brother is right. There are likenesses." Owen introduced Daniel to his present inner circle.
Down to business, Rex and Heather provided a report about the information seeker's photo array. Owen asked Daniel, "Do you recognize her? Her name is Marley Forrest-Griffin." Daniel considered the images and answered, "No." Heather spoke up, "She has a gigantic canine companion. I can say what she's not and that's Werekind Coyote. Not intimidated by my presence and her guardian companion was waiting for me to step on their property uninvited." Graham announced, "If you're looking for volunteers, I'll take the next assignment gathering information and risk a meeting." Ben replied, "Of course you will. You'll have more than yourself volunteering for this assignment."
Owen steepled his hands in his common thinking pose and asked, "Rex, your thoughts?" Rex replied, "If Heather felt challenged, there's reason. In the past, those who made changes in our area where Werekind and Humankind. Now Dragon Blood Kin, Messengers, groups of rogues are making appearances, and the matter that almost ended Ben's life affects us. Not to mention Seth Lewis and the Blackstones, and the destabilization of local WAA effect on us. Marley Forrest-Griffin is unlikely Humankind given Heather's assessment or Werekind Coyote either. Proper protocol directs new Werekind to state their intentions when they knowingly enter a controlled territory or face the consequences of their unwarranted actions should any arise. A second consideration is her property purchase on the edge of our territory. Was it intentional and does she know or care who controls the territory bordering hers? Snub or honest omission?" Daniel added, "Maybe she's Otherkind." Graham asked, "Daniel, what are the estimated numbers of Otherkind in this area?" Daniel chuckled and said, "Continuing where we were before with our questions and answers. To answer your asked question, Messengers rarely, Otherkind number around five hundred and are mostly Fey and a few Kithe. The Otherkind are able to conceal their identities from the general human populace. Fey have always been attracted to the media and politics, the ultimate idea of hiding in plain sight. Some people have an inkling of suspicion, and the draw is there to figure out what makes Fey in the public eye stand out. Kithe are rare in the Midwest. They favor the mountains and coastal areas. They are drawn to positions in security and protection."
Testing Daniel's intent and standing, Adrian asked, "How many are Dragon Blood Kin?" Daniel made direct eye contact with Owen first then Adrian, Rex and moved on to Graham, Heather, and Ben. He identified the power thread and replied, "In this and the surrounding territories two known, one of those is me. The second is my sister at the moment. Dragon Blood Kin are not easy to pinpoint because of different abilities and such. The one known as Seth Lewis has broken a fundamental law. In his bid for power, he has organized control of some rogue entities, and his actions have thrown off the stabilities of this realm's power cords. Seth Lewis is a master of deception and deceit. He's been in this realm far longer than I have and leaves no discernible trail except death, corruption, and pain." Owen sat up and expressed, "We're personally aware of his reach. We have pictures of him by a residence of one under our protection, and Ben almost lost his heart in a rogue attack at that residence. You two have something in common, an attack by rogues. Our Council and the Werekind Wolf Conclave have sent Hunters out. Between us, we can barely keep up with the area's rogue activities. Our businesses, buildings, homes, safe houses, and compounds are on lockdown and our trust level is minimal. We have a potentially powerful individual according to the preliminary finding from Heather and photo verification who borders our territory. As for the area's Otherkind communities, they tend to be touchy when it comes to private matters, and they consider all matters private. Business dealing aside in this territory, their allegiance is to their own, and their area's leadership is rigid. For Forrest-Griffin, we'll address her invite as an introduction and be direct. Better to discern where her loyalty lies and side her with us and not rogue faction if that distinction hasn't been made yet."
Adrian added, "We must assume Seth Lewis and or Marshall Blackstone want information about her for some reason." Rex concluded, "Marley Forrest-Griffin's picture was in the same group of pictures confiscated from the information seeker which included you Daniel, and a Werekind Coyote associate from a neighboring territory along with pictures of some of our key locations." Ben inquired, "What about the possibility of Marley Forrest-Griffin being Werekind Great Cat." Heather answered, "She didn't scent of cat or another Werekind group. She could be masking her scent. Super strong canine scent and I couldn't pinpoint were the scent originated." Thoughtful, Owen replied, "Maybe a ploy to conceal her true identity with a concentrated scent cover. The strength of the odor concentration is suspicious. On the other hand, she may have reason. Maybe she's at risk from us knowing her possibly concealed characteristics or identity, or she's at risk of being targeted by rogues. Possible she's a risk to us and we don't know why. Could be any combination of those possibilities or none of them at all."
Graham spoke, "Something else to consider is a potential Dar or blood born from an ancient line of power." Rex concluded, "Direct approach advisable. Variables, unknowns, and chances left unchecked can kill. Go directly to her territory. Discuss terms and arrange a formal meet." Ben added, "A small consolidated group showing strength in numbers." Heather continued, "A female representative in the group when approaching a lone female may not be law, but it is common courtesy." Graham said, "A Tracker or Hunter to search for unsaid factors and scents." Daniel added, "And someone who knows Otherkind from the inside out." Ben interjected, "Should warn you about volunteering for missions when you're not one hundred percent recovered. It may come with a tether linking you to Graham. He has the uncanny ability to track people sight unseen." Daniel responded, "That I believe."
Owen asked his brother, "Your thoughts?" More a watcher than speaker, Adrian said, "Heather, Rex. Graham and Ben. Daniel is a liability as much as he's a resource. If Marley Forrest-Griffin comes to our territory, then we can utilize him. We don't know her agenda. What if her purpose is to flush out specific individuals, namely Daniel? We're all known in this area, and that grouping is a normal occurrence. One which shouldn't raise undue suspicion. Owen, if you go and she's aware of Werekind protocol, she may refuse." Owen took a minute to think over the given information and told the group, "Sound plan. Heather, Rex, Graham, and Ben will go. Daniel, thank you for volunteering, but I agree with my brother. It's too soon to put you in the field. Between the increased rogue activities, the destabilization of the WAA, and yet another unknown, your presence may inflame this already heated environment. I recognize your willingness to serve. The risk outweighs the advantage." Daniel dipped his head and replied, "Few matters ring clear and free. My offer of assistance stands. In the end, we're working towards the same goal."
Owen replied, "Graham is your primary contact here." Owen ended the impromptu meeting and said, "Ben and Heather, write up an invitation for Forrest- Griffin and come up with an appropriate welcome gift. Adrian and Rex, work through the potential security issues. I don't want any surprises. Since we're unsure of her background, we'll schedule the meet for tomorrow early evening in the light to signify openness. That leaves Graham and Daniel to team up on the Otherkind angle. I'll be in my office."
Daniel stopped Owen from leaving and asked Graham to give him a few moments. Weak and far from fragile, Daniel faced Owen and spoke in a firm voice, "I'm not the enemy." Unconcerned by Daniel's approach, Owen waved off Adrian's protection and said, "Why I assigned Graham and not Brand. Graham prevents problems, and Brand eliminates targets. My invitation to stay and my offer of assistance are genuine, but that doesn't erase all of my concerns. You still need to explain your actions of binding me to your hearth, and I won't push the matter at the moment. Be sure though, I'll always protect my house before I sacrifice an ounce of goodwill elsewhere. You're not one of us yet, and I'd take the same actions for someone else in your position. I won't lie and tell you Graham is harmless. He's good at what he does, and Graham being your contact is a sign of respect. I have other matters. We'll finish this at another time." Daniel toned down his state of unrest. He took a deep breath and nodded his acknowledgement. Owen held tight on his deep unsettlements and walked off with Adrian and Rex who waited nearby.
Trapped in his current held place, Daniel's mind raced through the recent events from current backwards which ended at his rental home before the attack. Graham intoned on a darted whisper that stirred Daniel's dragon hearing, "Amazing how our footing is not always of our own choosing." Daniel slow swiveled his head and found Graham at the room's threshold. Daniel asked, "What are you?" Graham kicked off from the wall and spoke in his jovial manner, "No more than you see Theron. Come on. We've got work, and the air in here is thick and intense." Daniel narrowed his eyes at Graham and scrutinized for other clues perchance hovering around him. Finding none, Daniel stated, "If I said you're particular, different, unusual or strange even, would you count that as a challenge." Graham walked up and replied, "No, I'm good with any of those. Heard them all before. Can you work without falling over? Because I don't feel like carrying you back to your room Theron?" Daniel answered, "Use Daniel or Fisher here. The name Theron belongs to another place. I'm ready to be productive again." Graham motioned for Daniel to follow and said, "Then we work, Hunter."
Consortium Secret Site
The rogue hesitated a few seconds before he knocked on Seth Lewis's office door. Seth called out, "Enter," and Seth's follower understood crossing the door's threshold could be his ending. Seth held up the message he was currently composing next to a burning beeswax candle and in a fury crushed the piece of antique paper into a ball and gently sat the crumbled mass on his desk. He waited for his rage to dissipate and faced the waiting rogue. Seth stated, "Report." The rogue glanced at the crumbled ball of paper as he reported, "I found nothing on Daniel Fisher. Mia Slater is gone, and several others from the WAA who were closest to her have disappeared also. Local trade of information is extremely limited and has proven fatal for some. The White River Territory is shut down and no one unknown is getting in any of their holdings right now." Seth inquired, "And?" No reason to prolong the end, the rogue said, "Nothing on the Monroes in the area either." Seth ordered, "Look at me." The rogue didn't hesitate and did as he was directed. The Consortium leader asked him, "Was your effort in earnest or trivial?" The rogue declared, "On my life, I applied my whole self." Seth replied, "Then you hold no fault rendering an honest message." The Consortium leader motioned his head, and the rogue backed from the room." Once the office door closed, Seth picked up the crushed ball of antique paper brittle with age, tossed it in the air, and directed a fired breath at the fragile mass. Fine ash faded and nothing remained of the discarded message. Seth said out loud, "Time for a direct approach." He pulled a desk door open and took out a pair of sun glasses and earplugs. He called out for two of his most trustworthy and successful associates, and they went on a hunt.
White River Werekind Coyote Territory
A dark sedan pulled onto Marley Forrest-Griffin's street, and the car's headlights picked up the blue-green glow of a cat's eyes. The crunch of dislodged bits of gravel sounded, and the cat ran off when the car's driver pulled onto the curb and cut the headlights. Marley's house sat on the end of the street and was surrounded by wooded land on two sides. Of the five houses with large lots on the street, two were manicured, and the other three let nature reign including Marley Forrest-Griffin's.
Alerted to the intrusion, Marley ignored the driveway and front path. She chose an irregular course around tall beautiful trees, pockets of wild flowers, colorful perennials, and treaded on a mixture of cultivated and prairie grasses. Barefoot and hair flowing free, Marley went to her property's boundary. She brought her dark heavy hair over her right shoulder. Marley scanned the area and viewed the car down half a block from her house. Once done with her survey, Marley turned and slowly walked a path back to her house. After several moments the car's lights flashed on, and the car reversed a path away from Marley Forrest-Griffin's territory.
Blue Lake Lodge Werekind Wolf Territory
The Monroes' trip from the west was uneventful and quick. No tears were shed on the return, and the Monroes were as resolved as those plotting against them which made the overall situation more evenly matched. By seeking answers, Alexis had unwittingly set in motion an unbelievable elaborate twining of events affecting every member of her family, known and unknown. Currents stirred hearth holds, bended individual blades of reasoning, and roused a forest of mysteries and secrets which unwove threads across realms, lands, time, and doorways and gates. Understood existences and hosts of lives both shadowed and plainly seen were drawn together. The Monroes and their allies contested and befriended realm walkers and more.
****
Alexis grasped William's hand and got out of the vehicle. She drew in a deep breath of early morning air heavy with moisture from fog encasing the mountains. Blake refused assistance of waiting hands. He easily dropped to the ground and scampered up the main lodge stairs. Jordan hoisted her pack on her shoulder and waited for her ward. Tristan unfolded his long limbs, stepped on the pea gravel drive and disturbed little of it. He circled assessing glances around and picked out two guards and Dylan in the trees left of the drive. Todd and Randall came out and met him while Ryan and Kaden waited at the front entry for everyone. Tristan opened his developing senses to the whole environment further than he could hear, see, and smell.
When the other young men stood next to Tristan, Allen called out, "Tristan has recent open back wounds." Randall deliberately pulled his hand away from Tristan and said, "Edge walking again. We'll see if Todd and I can get you back on a more firm base." Todd caught Tristan's bags launched at them by Eric. Unable to hold back her exasperation, Jordan commented, "Eric, what exactly is your problem." Ever the peacemaker in the den of shape shifters, Todd added, "There's no problem." Eric handed additional bags over to Allen and Bryce and didn't raise an eyebrow at Jordan's fuss. The three carried the sisters' bags up to the front of the lodge where they were met by Ryan and Kaden. Ryan suggested, "We'll give William and Alexis time to reacquaint and let the others rest before we meet. Please enjoy our lodge's full hospitalities and be welcome to all that we have. Kaden will show you to your rooms."
Blake was running wild with stored up energy, and Jordan called him over. Kaden suggested, "He's fine. When he gets tired or wants either you or Alexis, we'll bring him to one of you." Blake dashed over to Jordan, wrapped his arms around her legs for a split second before he was off again. Allen was more observing than containing him. Jordan picked up one of her bags, and Ryan said, "We'll take care of those." That didn't sway Jordan, and she asked, "Am I in the same room?" He replied, "Yes and the rest of the luggage will be brought to your rooms." Jordan lifted a second lighter bag and swung it over her shoulder. She smiled and responded, "Okay". Ryan shook his head at Jordan's retreating back and voiced, "Bold still." Bryce replied, "Something we all can understand and appreciate." Eric looked over at Allen and said, "And she declared Allen a true friend. Throw in Owen's interest and that makes for some interesting moments ahead." Ryan surmised with an odd smile, "Indeed."
Secluded, William remained quiet as he sat with his intended. He smoothed his thumb over some of her healed hand abrasions then gently over her knuckles. In a quick move, William pulled Alexis forward. He held her tight and kissed the curve of her neck and shoulder, and the corner of her mouth. William allowed some joined breaths between the two before he released Alexis.
William broke the silence first and said, "Are you well enough for a short walk. There's something I want to show you." Alexis replied, "Only a little tired. A short walk sounds good." She questioned, "A surprise?" William answered, "More a promise."
Down a sloped path set with man-made steps stood a partially built structure. Rebar, concrete, stone, and bricks formed a two level rectangle building with inner courtyard and garden area. Alexis walked close to the structure. William caught her shoulders and called out softly, "Careful." Alexis stood by the incomplete structure which included deep set basement walls, the tips of the support rods, and innumerable bricks already placed and neatly awaiting stacks. William offered, "Our promise as the Blue Lake Pack, and others who offer their support." Alexis touched a rough brick and moved to feel a cool steel rebar rod. She faced William, and he held her in the protective circle of his arms. Alexis commented, "Only if my sister and I can contribute. Our old lives are gone, and we can't go back." Hot tears rolled down her cheeks. William brushed them away and replied, "Of course and the interior finishes and furnishing selections are yours to make. This will be your family's new home, and the choice is always yours if you decide to move on. If you decide to do that, I'll accept that decision however hard it is for me personally.” The couple embraced and stood together in the quiet before William spoke, "Come, it's time you found your rest after you see Mark."
At the back patio, Alexis reached up and smoothed her fingers through William's hair and suggested, "You should rest too." William returned an easy smile and answered, "Eventually, but not now." Alexis tugged on William's arm and asked, "Come rest with me." William conceded and answered, "A short while."
Mark and Sarah waited in the main atrium for the couple’s return. The healer asked when they got back, "Is this a good time?" William gave his pack members a wry smile and informed them, "We're going to rest. And it was Alexis's idea." Sarah said, "Alexis, you and your son's belongings are put away in your suite and snacks and drinks are setup. If you want something specific, let us know, and we'll get it." Careful of Alexis's healing wounds, Sarah warmly hugged her and expressed, "Welcome back. You were missed" Alexis was embraced by Mark who asked, "Are you well?" William pulled Alexis away from Mark's friendly hold, and she answered, "Better than I've been in a long time." William added quietly as he propelled Alexis away from his two nosy pack members, "We'll both feel much better after a rest." Unable to stop his curiosity, Mark commented, "Sleep at a time like this, Liam? This is so unlike you." William called back, "Find someone else to bother. I'm busy at the moment." Sarah chuckled and called out, "Blake will be fine. We'll watch him well. Take all the time you both need."
Jordan dropped her bag and flopped on her bed when she arrived in her assigned room. Tristan sat on Jordan's bed and asked, "You okay?" Jordan turned over and answered, "Attempting to process everything as it happens. Feeling a bit off." Tristan looked into Jordan's eyes. He replied, "I can sense your turmoil." Jordan said, "I accept that. Neither of us has any experience with these new situations. How about we agree to talk things out when we need?" Anything else on your mind?" Tristan answered, "Not really." Jordan conspired with her ward and said, "Feel like raiding the kitchen then maybe watch one of our favorite movies?" Face graced with a grin, Tristan said, "Sure. I'm good with that."
William stayed with Alexis for a few hours. When finally able to see Alexis's healing wounds, Mark quirked a brow and ran his fingers over the finely knitted flesh of her old wounds. He asked Alexis who was visibly surprised, "When did this happen?" William squeezed Alexis's hand, and she thought back and answered, "Bryce changed it before we left their lair, and it didn't look like this." After a pause, she concluded and responded, "Connell. He'll have to explain who he is to us. I feel he's close by and will come soon." Wary in an instance, William asked, "Is this Connell a danger?" Alexis let out a sigh and answered, "He's dangerous but not towards us." William and Mark communicated through a look, and William asked, "May I share this information with Ryan and a privileged few?" Alexis said, "Bryce, Eric, and Allen already know of him. Connell is coming. So the point is a nonissue. Tell who you want." Mark considered Alexis's completely healing wound and said, "I have a question or two for this individual." Alexis replied, "Good luck with that."
Later, Tristan ignored the low level hummed growl he heard when he went to meet up with Todd, Randall. In an instant, he knew who it was. After their challenge match, Martin was far from civil. In a coming time, the situation would be dealt with. Monica and Crystal sought out Jordan, and they discussed her time at the Moon Ridge Place Lair. Allen visited Jordan at that time. He was shooed away, and he promised to see his friend the next day.
White River Werekind Coyote Territory
A small group from the White River Pack drove out to Marley Forrest-Griffin's house. Once there, Graham and Rex walked to the edge of her home's territory while Heather and Ben stayed several paces behind and flanked in wing formation. Heather stepped forward, and Graham cautioned, "She knows we're here. We wait." Rex added, "One of your special senses." Graham whispered, "The boundary line radiates past the ground." Ben concluded, "Otherworldly?" Graham declared, "Undeniable." Rex added, "The air smells electric here." Heather said, "And has an overkill of canine scent." She rubbed her nose at the odor offense and continued, "More concentrated than I remember or necessary." Rex intoned on a quiet breath, "Cloaked." Ben announced as Marley Forrest-Griffin came into view, "Striking." Knowing, Graham commented, "From another realm. Absolutely."
Marley dusted fresh dug dirt from her hands and met her guests. Rex questioned, "Madame Forrest-Griffin?" Marley replied, "In the flesh and a bit of dust and dirt." Rex stayed on task and continued, "The White River Communities extends a welcome invitation, and we're here to setup a meeting with you and yours." Marley presented her left arm with hand opened upward to her guests and answered, "Come and be welcomed here. No need to stand as strangers. Are you all ready to choose what yours offer me?" Marley easily put the Werekind Coyotes to her back and jauntily stepped to her dwelling. She threw back over her shoulder, "Free passage, no harm, and all the rest of the necessaries." Graham concluded, "She wins the first round." Heather muttered, "I hope her beast companion is in the mood for company and has been fed recently." Ben walked with the rest up to Marley's door and said, "I'm out of here if I smell gingerbread." Rex expressed, "This does have a hook and lure feel. Crafty." Graham tossed out, "Maybe just hospitable?" Heather chuckled at Graham's comment, "Wishing things doesn't make it so. Let's get this done and leave in the same condition we came."
Marley waited on her front porch as the group cautiously made their way towards her. She removed her shoes and paused before going in until the others followed suit. In a gesture full of grace, Marley lifted both arms from her sides with cupped hands and offered, "I welcome you. Please find your comfort within these walls. I'll be ready soon."
She left the hearth room with greater than Werekind speed and left the group to take note of the action and ponder. Curious, they examined their surroundings which included a stone fireplace, copper tinted plaster walls, dark mahogany wood flooring, a large gilded gold mirror leaning against a far wall, a scattering of various sized beeswax candles, a low round table with myrtle burl inlay, and a painting which drew the viewer into a pictorial grassland Steppe region scene. When looked at closely, the painted scene blurred to misty mountains with shadowed valleys. Upon seeing the images, Rex questioned in a low voice, "Do you see this?" Graham replied, "Yes," and quieted Rex with a hand move. Heather attempted to decipher the unusual scents that assaulted her nose. She also studied the fluid quality of the copper wall paint which held the fragrances of earth and the summer season, and Ben inspected a tree sculpted from solid brown crystal which carried the scent of cinnamon.
A presence watched the visitors, and she decided to uncloak. A vibrating growl sounded in the gathering room, and the White River group swung their attention to the large canine only feet from them. Once Shayla had their notice, she changed from wolfhound form to a petite feral eyed individual with wild hair and aloof manner. Heather commented first, "Not a true canine after all." Shayla snapped her eyes towards the other female and issued a quick snarl. Heather replied, "Right back at you." Shayla said as she turned her head away, "Wait. Don't touch anything. Sit. My guess half one hour."
Dressed in a sapphire blue peasant blouse dress, Shayla gracefully sank to the floor and sat. Graham advanced closer as he assessed what he could of the individual before him. He dropped down and sat by Shayla and commented, "We have no difficulty waiting, and I find the floor comfortable." With an easy smile, Ben followed Graham's actions and sat on Shayla's other side and said, "And I find no fault with the environment." Heather grumbled at her fellow pack members. She dropped to the ground where she stood and crossed her arms in answer to her host's unspoken taunt. Rex remained standing, and they all waited quiet though many thoughts were free flowing.
Shayla heard Marley's footsteps, and she changed form into a common gray tabby cat and took the time to leisurely cat stretch, flashed an impressive pair of canine teeth, and delicately cleaned around razor sharp claws. Marley entered, and she wore brown tights, brown sandals, a simple cut white long sleeved shirt dress devoid of buttons, and a gauzy dark brown scarf wrapped at her neck and shoulders.
The White River Pack stood at their host's return, and Rex asked, "Will you follow now or meet us at River's Run?" Marley replied, "Now and we both go. We assume safe passage and return to our territory regardless of the meeting's outcome." Graham answered, "Yes, you and yours have shown goodwill by inviting us in. We recognize that for what it is." Ben looked pointedly at Shayla currently in feline form then back at Marley and said, "And we recognize your openness."
Heather filtered through the scents in the room and found traces of Otherkind, spices, and a smattering of secrecy, and she looked closer at their hosts. Marley marked her notice and commented, "Time to leave. After you all." Rex said, "Do you have any conditions before we venture further?" Marley considered and spoke, "The established is acceptable." With that Shayla melted from feline form to hunting hound in a blink. They all walked to their individual vehicles and drove to the meeting.
At River's Run Restaurant, Owen introduced his present elite guard and informed his guests, "First off, what we learn will go no further than us. Second, we will abide by certain rules and agreements. Third, if you're here to cause our communities harm, better that's established now and save us both hardship and grief." Marley did not blink at Owen's veiled threat and returned the like, "We wouldn't be here if we didn't trust you at least some. The White River organization and especially you, Owen Miller, have created an admirable reputation, and that reputation is one reason I made my home here. I offer an open invitation if we mutually agree to acceptable rules for both parties. And believe me when I say this, I wouldn't come unprepared for the possible consequences. Since we've exchanged the essentials, allow me to introduce Shayla Firebrand, my friend." Shayla materialized from hunting hound beast to petite individual with pointed canine teeth longer than human, and who exuded a fierce demeanor. Marley's friend appeared dressed in a dark brown sleeveless leather sheath dress. Tree bark textured black ankle length leggings exposed her delicate bare feet. Shayla's green snake skin textured right arm band and antique bronze wrist cuff pulsed and glowed. Owen approached his visitors and said, "Be it you and yours have shown enough to justify a merger, there must be reason." Marley acknowledged, "Just the same. This area calls to me, and the aid of new friends may benefit both parties."
Shayla skirted around Owen and in a dance like move turned her back to his and leaned against him for a brief instance. Owen raised both eyebrows, but otherwise stood unmoved. In a flash, she stood in front of him again and hinted a smile before she wound a mesmerizing way around Adrian, Rex, Ben, Heather, and lastly Graham. Shayla asked him, "Dance." Graham held out a hand and replied, "I don't hear the music." Shayla conspired on tip toes close to Graham's ear and took his hand, "Listen. Do you hear it?" Graham flipped Shayla's hand in his, placed her open palm on his neck, and boldly looked her in her eye. He said, "A promised dance." Shayla reached out to Graham in way he seldom used, a breath of words though the air which reached straight into his consciousness, "Do they know the real you?" Graham looked at Owen, and they exchanged a knowing glance. Graham answered, "Enough to not question my solidarity." Shayla tilted her head to the right and replied, "Trusted. Great honor," as she removed her hand from his life's blood pulsing just under vulnerable thin skin. In the Otherkind method, Shayla floated words again, "I question not you Seeker born wearing the cloak of Werekind Coyote. Or might it be the other way around? No matter the answer, the presence holds true." Graham's smoldered visual reply spoke to Shayla and Marley by way of distortion of air around him which he quickly tempered back. Shayla drew away for Graham and whispered on a breath back to him, "A fine move." Graham nodded and changed the direction of his gaze from her back towards Owen.
Shayla stopped by Ben again and abruptly put a hand over his heart and said, "Deep wounds speared you. Your spirit is strong past your skin, and it is warm." Ben covered Shayla's hand with his. He dipped his head and said, "My thanks, for your words and acknowledgement." Shayla stepped back and voiced, "I say what is." Rex watched Shayla, and she arrowed back an answer bent the same. Heather commented, "What is isn't always simple or easy to see." Shayla spoke hushed, "Cast true and fairs light." Shayla circled around Adrian, and he kept close watch as she feathered a path around him thrice. She ended her walk in front of Owen and said, "Your pack is strong." The White River Alpha gave his guests a brief bow and said, "Please accept our welcome gifts." The Otherkind visitors mimicked their host's actions. Owen retrieved a box made from a rare red tinted wood. He opened the box and displayed one split amethyst crystal geode, ten highly polished river stones, and Adrian retrieved and offered a basket of exotic fruits and nuts. Owen asked, "Acceptable." Marley replied as Shayla ran a finger over one glass smooth stone, "Accepted." Marley continued, "I believe we have a common goal." Owen asked, "What would that be?" Shayla shimmer back to hunting hound beast, and Marley answered, "Something we both hold in common."
Blue Lake Werekind Wolf Territory
Out in the open, Tristan rested on his back. He absorbed the deep darkest black of the night sky flickering with stars, and he pondered the sliver sharp crested moon.
Out of the loop long enough, William directed Todd and Randall up to the roof deck to check on Tristan. Randall dared to ask, "What's he doing up there?" William lowered his eyebrows as Todd pulled Randall away. Todd and Randall stumbled into Tristan's tranquil place, and Tristan sighed and closed his eyes at the intrusion. Randall contemplated his friend on the ground and asked, "Is there a problem with your bed since your return?" Todd sat, shivered at the brisk chill, and waited for an answer. Tristan replied, "Haven't used it yet, and this seems as good a place as any to relax." Randall narrowed his eyes in thought and asked, "Are you changing again?" Tristan let out a bitter forced laugh. Todd said, "Sore subject." Tristan stated, "You have no idea." Todd asked, "New abilities?" Tristan sat up and grumbled, "Yes. Happens to be beyond me at the moment." Randall commented, "Makes for some interesting edge walks my friend." Todd offered, "We could take over one of the covered atriums, get some snacks, and play some computer games." Tristan filled his lungs several times with the cold star lit air and answered, "Action packed and you have a deal."
White River Werekind Coyote Territory
Three shots disabled the visible surveillance cameras, and the smell of gasoline carried on the crisp night air. Seth dialed Owen's personal number. He waited for an answer and said, "This can be as tedious as you make it or give me what I want." Owen shrugged off his dress jacket, undid his top two shirt buttons, and motioned for his brother to listen in. Owen replied after Adrian picked up, "And what do you want?" Meanwhile, Seth used his breath and ignited a book of matches then blew them out. The odor of sulfur entwined with the evaporating gas flumes, and Seth insisted, "Come now, you know that which goes unnamed. I can reduce your organization to nothing if you continue in this vain." The rogue leader disconnected the call. He fired a breath on the accelerant and flames attacked Owen's north side warehouse. Seth flung the book of matches over his shoulder, as he walked away from the blaze and joined his associate at their car.
Later, Owen and his team moved one third of the saved warehouse contents and faced the families of the lost and fallen. He arranged for security changes, reluctantly met with the interim WAA director, cemented their organization's closed door policy, and emphasized the need to report all suspicious activity. Owen currently sat in his office with Adrian, Rex, and Graham. Grime and soot covered them all, and the death of one of theirs accentuated their barely restrained rage. Two other pack members lay injured, but they would live. Heather knocked once and entered. She stated, "Messengers on the grounds. Offer them entrance?" Owen further smudged his soot marked face with his hands and answered, "Alienating them won't solve this. Invite them with open doors. My thanks Heather. Graham, request Daniel's presence."
Connell and Ariel entered Owen's office. Ariel strolled over and ran a finger over Owen's grime and sweat covered brow. She offered, "Hearth made kin, I sorrow with you. I bear true soul. I put aside our strife this moment and grieve great. From beside Ariel, Connell said, "We offer our condolences." Owen righted his fogged vision and answered, "We of the White River Territory acknowledge your presence and condolences. Please have a seat. Graham and Daniel are coming."
Daniel was ready when Graham got to his room. He preceded Graham, because he knew exactly where Ariel and Connell were located. The two Messengers stood when Daniel entered. In a flash, Ariel walked over and embraced her brother. She pushed him back though not before placing her hands over his healed facial scars with a few permanent surface lines. Daniel answered her unspoken question, "I'm well sister and wishes are equal for you." He dipped his head to Connell and said, "My thanks for making this trip so soon after we last spoke. My stability and resolve are stronger after your insight and company, and Owen, my thanks for steering me in the needed direction." Owen and Connell both nodded their acknowledgements.
When seated again, Ariel drummed her sharp nails on the armrest and disclosed, "Owen, we no longer can deny you information as much as I didn't want to in the past. My ring's placement poses no other choice. Correct brother." A light smile decorated Daniel's face, and he answered, "So right sister mine." Owen looked between the two siblings before he returned his attention back towards Connell and concluded, "Pulled in is an absolute. This holds an important meaning." Owen raised his hand and showed Ariel's reflective ring. Connell stood and explained, "Daniel made you one of their hearth, and you're now recognized as Dragon Blood Kin here and on our plane. If you will excuse me, I have another engagement to attend." Connell stopped at the door and said, "Hint, we may be more inclined to answer questions at our hearths. Do you have further business Ariel?" Daniel's sister got up and told Owen on half dragon's breath, "My sorrow is sincere for your loss and that furthers our link. Alpha Owen Miller, you and your elite guard are welcome at the West Hold Hearth and lands as you are hearth kin made. Who knows, maybe my brother will see fit to visit when you come." Ariel called out as she walked over to the doorway, "Brother." Daniel replied, "Sister," and Connell and Ariel vanished in a blink.
Owen asked, "The answers to fight this menace exist away from here?" Daniel answered, "The answers are rounded by shields. Dragon Blood Kin hold truths close to hearth and heart." Owen considered the silver hollow round on his finger and said, "As steadfast as this ring is on me." Daniel got up and answered, "You're beginning to understand. Was there anything else?" Owen answered, "Not at the moment." Daniel left the room, and Graham commented, "Welcome to the complex world of Dragon Blood Kin and Messengers." Rex added, "And they apparently have differing opinions on their level of involvement." Graham asked, "When do we go?" Past tired, Owen replied, "Sooner than I want. Seth Lewis has forced us to move fast." Rex pushed his weary body off of his chair and offered, "I'll make arrangements and get a few hours sleep." Graham asked, "Want me here with Daniel or go with you?" Owen said, "Daniel gave me his sister's ring, I'm not leaving without him."
Later, together two of Owen's recent guests visited the scene of burning and death. One walked between the planes of seen and invisibility, and one changed forms from hunting hound beast then next to midnight lacquered crow. Both beheld sights, details, and prickly malice trails of one from their realm.
Blue Lake Werekind Wolf Territory
Connell materialized across the Blue Lake Territory's highly monitored borders where Dylan patrolled and called from a near point behind him, "The wind carries from your north hearth lands." Minuscule ice curls brushed the confines of Dylan's skin, and he inhaled a deep chilled breath. The consummate predator, the arctic Hunter narrowed his eyes at Connell and conceded, "Some of the cold yes, but your imperial energy hints other, perhaps kin of fire and ice dragon." Connell chuckled at Dylan's boldness and said, "A step away from naming me Valiant. Brilliant move born Hunter and Seeker seen. Since you dared to tread, I will free a tie." Connell warmed his words and furled them heated at Dylan, "The right is mine to tell them Seer's child. As to the reason this matters, tradition holds me to make proper ingress. Will you join me?" Dylan brushed off Connell's knowledge of his mother's ability and said, "Choice, side with you or else. My alliance is solid, but you're right to ask after your kin's safekeeping. You can trust me and begin by having the other with you uncloak." Connell assessed Dylan's icy gray eyes able to see more than he should and his ardent resolve. He stated, "Jarek will cover your post." Connell's head guard materialized and went before Dylan. Jarek bowed and crossed his left arm over his heart with fingers resting on his right shoulder and pledged, "Your post is mine until your return Hunter." Solemn, Dylan returned, "More my home." Jarek offered, "Then this is a double honor, and I will attend my steps well in your hearth's soul place." Dylan nodded his thanks, and he and Connell went to the Blue Lake Lodge's open door prepared for a Messenger's entrance.
Connell and Dylan crossed the entrance boundary and were met by Ryan and several of the Monroes' closest associates, "We welcome you Messenger." Dylan crossed the foyer and stood by the Monroes. Connell remained by the door and said, "My purpose is personal and not my Messenger's duties. I vow no acts of malice and promise my support towards common goals." Ryan questioned a look at the Monroes. Alexis nodded yes, and Jordan asked, "Truth?" Lightning fast, Connell answered, "Sealed hollows are completely open and are present." Jordan questioned a look at Connell, and he amended, "Absolutely." She asked, "Repeat my last word if you can." He stated, "Truth Jordan Alyssa Monroe." Jordan sighed and gave her assent. Ryan invited, "Welcome in this place for however long you require and accept our hospitalities." The Messenger offered, "Name me Connell." Ryan faced his visitor and said, "Connell it is until you are again Messenger."
Connell stepped past new and recent made acquaintances and greeted each before making contact with Alexis and Jordan. Connell whirled on a whim and freed his cloaking coat from his current form. He presented it on his arms to the Blue Lake's Alpha and announced, "A show of good faith." Ryan waved off Connell's symbolic gesture and answered, "We'll leave you to your business. Alexis has vouched for you already. That's good enough for us."
Once away from the others, Jordan suggested, "Say it. The longer it takes, the worse I think it is." Connell inhaled and exhaled deep. He replied, "I only told you part of my history with your grandmother. Your maternal grandfather was my brother." Alexis grasped Connell's hand. She held him from retreating away and asked, "Glimpses from afar drove your purposeful travels?" The sisters viewed Connell unguarded, and Jordan surmised, "Pursuing other involvements. I can't comprehend this completely, but what's done is the past. There's been enough pain and sorrow. This opens the small Monroe circle up by at least one. Family sometimes takes on different forms." Connell patted Alexis's hand after he released it and said, "No truer words have ever been spoken. To fully reveal, I am Messenger and Dragon Blood Kin from the realm beyond the Highland Mountain Veil were we roam and fly free as dragons. There is much for you both to learn and hopefully experience." Alexis said, "I'm sure you're eager to see Blake and Tristan again." Jordan added, "And not to be left out is someone close enough to count as part of our small circle. Right Alexis?" Connell followed the sisters in search of Blake and Tristan and stated, "I will first have words with William before seeing the others as his kinship is in question." Alexis tossed over her shoulder, "That question and answer are mine and not yours, and I won't ask how you know about William." Connell smiled his answer.
A short time later, Connell tempered a burst of fire and ice which swirled beneath his skin's confines, and he portrayed a relaxed person. Not fooled, William expressed aloud, "This is about Alexis and her family, and it's personal." Connell tapped a foot and abruptly stopped the action. He declared, "We'll share a kinship if Alexis decides and must have an understanding Raven Wolf. Your line has been trustworthy." William returned, "I'll remain as I have despite what you think. Want my gut instinct? I'm not your real concern. Far be it for me to question where you were in Alexis and Jordan's lives earlier on if lines and kinship are important." Connell pushed back the blues and reds whirls within his body and once again pushed down his unsettlements. When again on a calm plane, he stated, "I owe amends, and no one will stand in my way to do so." William replied, "That's between you and them. I won't harm your family. I'll support them regardless of their past or present connections. Save your threats." Connell said, "Threats were unsaid Raven Wolf." William answered, "Raven Wolf? My name is William Moore." Connell replied, "You are both. Care well for those I have ties to Raven Wolf William Moore." At Connell's last uttered word, a thread of light infused with fired ice danced on William's skin and through him, and Connell disappeared.
William absently walked about until he met Bryce. One look at William's face, and Bryce surmised, "Connell?" Still caught in a thoughtful arc, William answered, "One moment I was on firm standing and holding my own in the conversation, and the next moment was entirely unexplainable." Bryce offered, "Welcome in. One of the privileged few." Still feeling a heated chill, William glanced at Bryce. He grunted and said, "Privilege?" Bryce returned, "A binding secret among secrets." William confessed, "I've been warned." Bryce commented, "Welcome to the group."
Tristan didn't bat an eye at Connell's instant appearance on the lodge roof deck. Connell asked him, "You are thriving? Among other hearth mites I see. They're in your lair, so they stand with you." Connell quick shot a stream of red fired breath at Tristan. Hit by the heat, Tristan's skin was sheathed in silver scaled armament which glowed crimson a few seconds before he completely transformed back to his base form. Connell concluded, "Closer yet." With an intense regard, he scrutinize Todd and Randall and said, "As you both are his contacts and were charged with the task as was Ryan's brother Carl, contact Messengers if Tristan loses control. You all are his hearth brethren, akin to his family. And in a convoluted way, mine also. Keep well to your duties, and tell no one away from here of these matters." Connell offered Tristan, "I'm not far it ever you question." Connell vanished, and Randall questioned, "Dragons?" Todd commented, "Did you see what I did. Blowing flames and he's gone. Disappeared after that reveal." Randall chuckled and said, "Seems our duties carry far between dragon Messenger and Hunter expectations. Tristan, care to bring us up to speed about dragon scale tales?" Tristan enlightened, "I know about as much as you both saw, and Connell is something I don't understand myself."
West Hearth Territory behind the Highland Veil
On the crossing beyond the Veil, tiny scales encased Ariel, Daniel, and the three Dragon Blood guards' skin surfaces, and their hair flowed alive with electric current. Silver flowed around them in ring segments from their feet to halo last above their heads. Once the silver hollow rounds disbursed, their features and fingernails were sharper and more pointed. Ice pale skin was dusted in random pearl essence dragon scale imprints which replaced pure solid scales.
Bound by hollow casted silver light, Ariel's visitors were thrust into the otherworldly realm. Pushed through, they settled on solid stone flooring that jarred the teeth in their heads. Ariel announced, "Apologies for the abrupt landing. It is difficult to gauge specifics. Don't be alarmed at the darkness affecting your vision. It's only temporary."
The Werekind heard footfalls around them, and Daniel called out, "All is well, I swear it on my life. I announce to all present in my hearth place, these visitors are granted dragon privilege. Owen is the White River Werekind Coyote Kin and lands Alpha. He wears my sister's ring and is hearth kin made. With him are two of his elite guards. Rex is equivalent of a guardian, and Graham carries a band of secrets as easily as we bear hollow silver rounds." Clear eyed, Graham looked at Daniel and distorted his image into coyote then back to plain Graham. Ariel observed, "Easy change is answer of more than simple." Owen and Rex fought to right their vision, and their eyes swam through murky muck until the darkness lit too bright to see." Daniel cautioned, "Don't fight what's happening. Move with it and bear it. All is well." Owen and Rex eased in the dragon's lair as much as they were able and soon murky images cleared to images swamped by bellowing plumes of haze. The curious members of Ariel's hearth and selected prominent guests moved around the newcomers. Male Dragon Blood Kin were dressed in kilts with side opening in dark hues combined with jewel tone sleeveless tunics. Females wore similar attire in various lengths and styles. Meanwhile, Daniel was gnashing teeth with a fellow drake around his age and stature named Egan, Ariel's consort.
The Werekind stood on rough stones inlayed with crystal tiles set in a twenty foot by twenty foot diamond pattern. Above the crystal flats, steel gray pillar clouds bloomed, and the Dragon Blood Kin moved at a crawl pace around the Werekind, hidden at times behind the vapor columns. Rex and Owen swiveled their heads and attempted to catch any single pair of bright glowing eyes and trailing images. Daniel suggested, "Concentrate on one diamond point and when you see a fire flash, close your eyes until the light fades away." Ariel stated, "Excellent advice. Follow your sight to the fire. Welcome to the West Hold Hearth. Graham, your ease in this environment is a surprise. Owen, you're not the only one with a hoard of secrets."
All heads turned towards heralded dragon battle screeches above head. Daniel had changed from human form into a red dragon with silver and maroon scales, and Egan into his black dragon form with a scattering of blue and gold scales. The violent clash of talons and teeth transpired in the air. Thick leathery and powerful wings allowed for fast air maneuvers.
Ariel called her visitors to the dais and said, "Come, they'll join us when they finish." Owen replied, "Your brother almost died recently." In a flash, Ariel changed from her Messenger garb into a semi-sheer silver sleeveless shirt and double slit mid- thigh skirt. She explained, "That will afford him no advantage here. It was best to get the formalities over at the beginning and my consort understands the consequences of his actions. He values his position at this hearth place. His home region is over harsh compared to our tranquil region."
Flanked by his pack members, Owen walked to Ariel's dais table lined with sixteen chairs rendered from monumental stones. In a dark blue shirt and cargo pants, polarized sunglasses, and little more, Owen prepared for the consequences of his ill born action of accepting nondescript small silver rings. Rex and Graham were similarly attired, and all were devoid of weapons, little good any would do in a dragon's hearth place. They hoped appearances of arriving unarmed spoke volumes. A dash of hope as armor before dragons was a comfort if nothing more.
Lathe, one of Ariel's senior guards called out in dragon speak, "Stop, or bloody hell, I will take both of your heads. We have guests. This is not the time for a grand pissing match. Show yourselves right or face a real battle." Those present stopped and watched as Daniel and Egan changed and dropped near the ground blooded and sweating in human form again. Attendants brought forth mint infused waters, cloths, and kilts which sealed with a single snap. As they cleaned up and dressed, Daniel and Egan continued to face off as their wounds quickly sealed and disappeared. The White River party found seats farthest down from Ariel. The heavy odor of mint perfumed the air, and the pressing otherworldly warmth pushed at Owen and Rex's skin.
Daniel stared at his sister's consort until Egan turned away first. Daniel was welcomed by family and friends while Egan went to Ariel, kissed the back of her hand, and sat in the seat next to her. Egan scrutinized the newcomers, and they returned the favor. Egan was favored with midnight black eyes, inky eyebrows and mid-back length hair, piercing cobalt blue eyes, and bronze skin. Resembling Egyptian fashion, black rimmed his eyes. In addition to dragon scale imprints chanced upon his skin, he had a black pit viper tattooed with exposed fangs which started on the side of his left neck and ended coiled around his left bicep. With glistening black scales and deadly intent, the snake appeared to sit alive upon Egan's skin.
Daniel waved off servers who offered crystal goblets of minted waters, thimble size vessels of molten spirits, and small serving dishes of purple burl nuts paired with delicate neon orange thistle bark berries. Daniel asked for water from the Ever Spring and explained, "A cooling balm and absolutely safe." Though over warm, neither Owen nor Rex complained. Ariel considered her visitors and commented, "Owen, it is interesting that one with you is more than coyote and the other carries a strong dragon name and bearing. Owen took his sunglasses off and put them on the table. With his eyes exposed, he replied, "On this, we both agree." Owen gestured his head toward Ariel's consort and continued, "Amazing what nuances one can dissect in an instant and all without words." Ariel chose that moment to adjust in her chair, and the soft sounds of bells danced across everyone's sensitive hearing. Egan took Ariel's hand and kissed a path from her fingertips to her inner wrist. He licked and bit at her pulse point before he put her hand back down. Ariel gave a sly smile and said, "Exactly said."
Daniel arrowed a glare at his sister and strangled out, "Sister mine." He shook off his flare of fire and said, "Let me speed this up. Owen, do you want to be Ariel's consort? She can have three." Rex groaned at the short amount of time it had taken for the situation to get out of hand. Owen asked, "Was there a proposal?" Graham repeated in his way and placed a different emphasis on the words, "Was there a proposal?" Ever the diplomat, Owen directed at Ariel, "No, but I thank you for the consideration. What shall I call you since that matter has been crossed?" Graham couldn't contain his laughter, and Rex shot Graham a heated stare worthy of any dragon and said, "I personally want to leave at some point." Graham burst out laughing again and said when he was able to speak, "I don't think you and I are the ones with that worry at the moment." Quickly, Egan sat up and inquired, "Are you challenging with your laughter Changer? You're not veiled in this place." Graham stretched and rolled his head. He replied, "I didn't call you the viper you wear." Daniel realized Graham was able to conceal his Changer status from him and realized maybe he had been away too long from his born plane or something more... Graham was extraordinary and more than trivial. Egan stood up to confront Graham, and Owen and Ariel both called out, "Enough," at the same time which was excellent timing for Connell's entrance.
Bands of gold and silver colors signaled Connell's appearance. Appearing first in his Messenger garments, Connell next flashed bright to show his Dragon Blood Kin mantle of title and changed into a supple black kilt hanging past his knees and riding low on his waist. His kilt bore the intricate burnt image of two warring sky wyverns joined in battle. He was bare except for his kilt and dragon arm bands in red and blue with glittering crystal clear eyes, polished scales, and trailing tails around his upper arms. Connell put up his right hand and in dragon speak called out to those not on the dais, "Leave us. Lathe, guard this room's entrance." The inquisitive crowd was already retreating not wanting to capture the dangerous wandering imperial's attention. Ariel and Daniel stood with bowed heads, and Egan knelt on one knee with his gaze on the dais's chiseled stone surface. Owen and his group stood. Connell flashed again and changed into clothes similar to the off realm visitors once the other viewers were gone. As he stood before the dais, he raised an eyebrow at Ariel and said, "Let's make it more comfortable in here for your guests shall we, notwithstanding your own welcome gestures." Connell wrapped an icy swath of air around the visitors to combat the persistent heat and commented, "We'll forego ceremony today." Egan rose and said, "As you will Valiant Rookwood." Connell directed, "Byram or Connell, Rookwood will hold today." Egan nodded his head and replied, "Valiant Byram Connell of the Sky Mountain Hold Hearth." Connell put a foot on the dais and addressed Ariel's companion, "Egan, Consort of Grand Dame Ariel Theron of the West Hold Hearth, Rookwood claimed and hearth kin made of the Sky Mountain Hold, formerly of ..." The visitors watched the interactions intently, and Ariel interrupted, "Your point is made. Egan understands the balance. Correct?" Egan explained, "Far be it for me to misstep in naming or deeds the Valiant before me. Byram or Connell, I name the Valiant today. But another time, I will not assume the privilege unless it is clearly stated. He does me great honor by claiming me kin before my former hearth." Connell replied, "You hold our ties well and honored." Egan bowed again at Connell's praise.
Connell jumped up on the raised platform, clapped his hands, and commented, "Daniel, you are well to battle Rookwood's claimed kin." Daniel inclined his head with a smile and said, "As you were unavailable at the time. Egan does test." From between tight teeth, Egan said, "And your time away didn't heal your cross nature."
Soft mannered, Ariel allowed, "It's been too long since you've graced your birth hearth brother mine. Come, we must treat the business that brings you all beyond the Veil. Might I speculate that's the reason for your presence Connell, born Valiant?" Connell spoke, "Indeed. Owen, this situation from our realm affects you in several ways. Not least is the position you hold wearing Ariel's ring. Daniel, you understood the decision you made at the time you handed over Ariel's ring to Owen Miller." In a commanding tone, Daniel replied, "Absolutely and told Owen I would do it again." Connell asked, "Ariel, you alone forced your brother's hand when you placed a dimming ring on his hand in Owen's West Compound Hold which in turn changed his choice path. You forced his change and inserted your presence where he was." Ariel addressed the Valiant, a wandering sage and powerful figure, someone one would be a fool to dismiss or counter easily, "Yes and will again to bring him to hearth before his ending." Connell evaluated each of the assembled individually and concluded, "Choices, Choices. Decisions ever to be made. So lies the crux."
Daniel journeyed back to the time of his near killing. He repeated Connell's last four words, and commented, "I recently said similar." Connell responded, "Truly. Back to the reason why we're here. Owen, you accepted Daniel despite the circumstances as fallen?" Owen conceded, "Yes." Connell continued, "Those actions alone are distinctive. Add a dragon's ring you're unable to escape. Hollow rounds and silver ways of dragon are yours for the remainder of your days, and it may mean your death. Does that awareness change you? And before you answer, your essential being is what is sought." Owen replied, "Although I'm unfamiliar with all of your meanings, the central themes are clear. I’m responsible for where I stand today. No other." Ariel insisted, "And Daniel made sure of that fact." Daniel replied, "Our opinions keep us farther apart rather than near sister. Hot blood does not always afford sensible actions." Connell released a vortex of sharp sheer ice and flame blades that danced in the air around him, and he snapped, "Aye, it does." Connell's pitched off anger arced red and blue color bursts around him. Unafraid, Graham cast out, "The sting burns."
On the verge of a full transformation, Connell aimed an ice dagger at Graham's heart which abruptly stopped and harmlessly melted at Graham's feet. Connell shouted, "You may walk and change well here, but I don't glint the silver around you. You are not protected here among dragons. Take care to remember that fact." Rex called out, "The reason we're here is not to battle each other. Graham's observations and bravery are unnerving at the best of times. Don't expect him to back away when he hints an answer." Connell regarded his realm's guests and stated, "Seth, the name you know him as, is out of our reach, and it close on slays my dragons to admit such. He committed himself to a sentence away from our world and adapted beyond our understanding." Ariel continued, "He was Messenger, exiled born Dragon Blood Kin who eludes us." Connell spoke, "Daniel seeks at great expense to himself. We're weakened when we remain in your realm and some cannot at all. Daniel is gifted and volunteered his services. That action of sacrifice cuts at his deep self." Daniel bowed to Connell and added, "It is a necessary cause, and Seth's silver is covered in blood, death, and darkness. The realm he now walks suffers from the actions of his dark soul. Seth organizes rogue Humankind, Otherkind, and Werekind to follow his edicts." Connell exclaimed, "The Consortium." Rex concluded, "Behind the increased rogue attacks and the infiltration of the WAA." Owen asked, "Why us?" Ariel spoke, "Why you, you mean? Owen, you were searching for answers in the highlands, true?" Owen acknowledged, "Yes and I feel the absolute heat of that answer as I stand here."
Connell surveyed Rex and Owen's sweat soaked clothing and replied, "Would you have it any other way?" Owen's temper flared. Connell smiled and concluded, "Oh, the fire within you burns fierce and no dragon dwells in your blood, but it does in your heart and spirit. A bright hollow bares heart and silver surrounds you with ease. Ariel's ring rests cool on your skin. You would be a great asset in the wrong hands if persuaded." With his interior branding hot, Owen launched an inquiry, "I'm a pawn?" Owen took in each and every present Dragon Blood Kin with a fiery touch they well understood. He stressed each word he spoke, "I...don't...like...being... manipulated. Daniel, you offered your sister's ring, and we all stand here as a result." Daniel explained, "In the end to help us all." Owen forced out, "Not the time to convince me. And I repeat. I don't like this. I came in good faith. I had hoped to leave in good standing. I'm very patient, but this dragon scheming is shit. Clean up your own fucking mess or ask for help without deception. I'm not some treasure to be collected or kept." Graham lost the struggle to contain his laughter. Rex mouthed a handful of expletives. He looked up at the flying silver dragon mural painted above and sent out silent pleas they would leave the realm of dragons with all their body parts attached.
Egan broke the heated atmosphere of Ariel and Daniel's home hearth as he voiced, "I don't believe I have anything to add here. Daniel, until we battle again." Egan inclined his head to the members of the White River lands and hearths, "Gentlemen, it has been extremely enlightening." Last, Egan bowed deep to Connell and intoned, "Valiant." Egan approached Ariel. He pressed her right hand on his neck and whispered for her hearing only. She traced her consort's tattoo then put her other hand over his heart. Ariel returned her attention back to the fire fray after her consort departed.
Eerie calm radiated from Ariel, and she commented easily, "Owen Miller, you're hearth kin made as you wear my ring. No doubt more comfortable with the opposite standing though silver rounds and hollows fair deep and clear. Hearth kin made, Owen, we of the West Hold Hearth greets ever." Daniel added, "Witnessed, received, and placed. His standing is rounded in hollow silver. Owen Miller, the West Hold Hearth greets ever." Connell confirmed, "As one protected and rounded in hollow silver, count yourself chosen of the Dragon Blood Kin. You may fail to see it yet, but this matter was to safeguard you and yours as much as it was to capture a failing." Owen opened his mouth and rapidly closed it again thinking better than to comment on dragon spoken riddles. Connell quelled any other discussion as he pulled Owen, Rex, and Daniel abruptly back to their home realm and place.
White River Werekind Coyote Territory
Graham was suspended between realms unable to move. He was informed with words floating through him "You forced my hand. Your mischief knows no bounds. Accept your standing at the Sky Mountain Hold Hearth. I claim you hearth kin made. As Valiant, we will forego the necessity of witnesses. I welcome the challenge of you trying to maneuver your way out of this..." Graham felt a momentary brushing over his hair and a thin cold weight placed on his right thumb. The Changer was released and dropped to stand by the others who had traveled with him. Connell told them, "Until we next meet." Last, he gave them all a conspiring smirk and was gone in an eye blink.
Feeling Owen's fire, Daniel announced he was going to his room. Rex shook his head in disbelief, and Graham felt his newly streaked silver and gold highlighted brown hair and felt the thin silver ring on his thumb. Owen was reduced to uttering a string of hot thoughts aloud, "Cold shower now. Don't know what that accomplished other than testing my control and fueling my fucking inner fire. Oh, that was the point of the power demonstration. Rex, if they come to our door as Messenger or in full dragon form, tell them to stay away from me right now. If they come regardless, tell them to get over their hot high air breathing selves and to leave me the hell alone. They have shredded my patience." Owen refocused after his rant and said once he saw the new colors of Graham's hair, "What is wrong with your hair?" Owen put up a hand to stop Graham's explanation and declared, "I'll be in my rooms until I collect myself. Tell Adrian he's in charge, and I'll explain later. Graham, keep an eye on the dragon in residence. I can't bloody well get rid of him or ....." Owen continued towards his room muttering to no one except himself.
Rex considered Graham after Daniel and Owen's departure. Graham explained, "I believe I laughed one too many times, and this is an example of dragon humor." Rex cautioned his friend, "Have a care. My friend, Connell is dangerous and is probably planning steps beyond our understanding. I don't get that same feeling from any of the others including Daniel." Graham fingered a thawing silver patch of hair next to an area of warm gold strands, and he replied, "Connell is up to something and only part of it has to do with Seth Lewis or the Consortium. And Rex, I understand if Connell thought I was a real problem, he would eliminate me easily at any time. I can cloak things from most including Daniel, but I can't keep up with Valiant Byram Connell Rookwood. Rookwoods have always been clever and calculating."
Blue Lake Werekind Wolf Territory
At the alpha's breakfast meeting, platters of scrambled eggs, selections of meats in various forms from blood rare beef to fried bacon, and baskets of fresh baked bread from a local vendor were spread around. Jordan eyed the eggs. She calculated the amount likely left before it reached her and abruptly asked for it. Arthur brought over the platter, and Jordan zoned out everything except consuming the fluffy yellow perfectly prepared eggs. Jordan picked up a fork, abruptly put it down for the use of her two available hands, and dove into the eggs without thought of her audience. Alexis poked her sister's shoulder. Jordan pulled away and continued eating. Not alarmed, Arthur asked, "Do you require a platter for yourself?" Alexis replied, "Only two eggs please." After Arthur stepped away, Alexis asked, "Are you okay?" Jordan met her sister's eyes and explained, "They're really good," and she went back to eating. Worried, Alexis didn't push any further.
Ryan asked Bryce quietly, "Do we need to contact your lair about potential fatherhood?" Bryce stated, "More likely Allen than one of mine, but that's not it. She did pledge Allen was her sincere friend, and we can't forget about Owen Miller. Perhaps it is transformation, or she has a serious hunger for scrambled eggs today." With brow furrowed, Ryan watched Jordan lick all ten of her fingers, and he inquired, "More eggs?" Jordan answered while speed scanning the available fare, "No, only a strong momentary craving." Alexis responded, "You ate at least two dozen eggs. Come to think of it, you've been eating medium to rare meat also." Ryan suggested, "Speak with Mark and get his opinion. Alexis, he could benefit from your observations."
Following the evolving details, William commented, "I'll keep Blake company. I'm sure he could use a run to stretch his growing legs." Ryan communicated a nonverbal message to Arthur by tracking is eyes to Jordan and tilting his head. Arthur nodded once and quickly left the room. Eric fast chewed his last bite of food and left the table also.
****
Jordan woke twenty- four hours later sprawled on her stomach with a spotty memory. She picked up on several presences in the room which all quieted with her movements. Her awakening senses only detected one of her family members, her ward. Tristan said, "Alexis and Blake left for the Conclave." He got up from the floor and continued, "Do you remember anything?" Jordan shifted and stretched her stiff muscles, "Little and even that's sketchy." She ran her hand over the spot where her sister had recently sat and asked, "Alexis was here?" Mark answered, "Two hours ago and reluctantly left without you. Marcus intercepted information affecting your family. Luke Blackstone is currently at the Conclave." Mark helped Jordan into an upright position.
Tristan brushed his hands over his pants then ran a hand through his long wayward hair. Jordan caught the nervous motions and expressed as she held out her hand, "I'm okay and will get through this." Tristan squeezed her hand and encouraged, "Promise." Jordan nodded her head yes. Tristan leaned down and whispered, "The dragon bracelet hummed while you slept." Jordan disengaged her hand and touched the item in question and said, "A beckon." The delicate bracelet glowed an answer. It then dimmed and completely disappeared from sight. Mark dropped closer to watch. Eric concluded, "Calls a coming visitor I suspect. Best to inform Kaden with Ryan and William gone, and I'll find Peter and Allen and update them." Jordan asked her ward, "If Monica isn't busy, please have her come." Tristan agreed to do as asked and walked out. Eric placed a hand on Tristan's shoulder as he walked with him and said, "Uncertainty is challenging, but we can learn from these situations." Tristan shook his head to clear his deep thoughts and replied, "I could do with a few less challenges right now." Eric answered, "Considering everything I know and that's not everything you've dealt with, you're handling your adversities well. My advice it for you to make good decisions, stay positive, face your challenges bravely, and grow stronger from it all. You are a born survivor."
When alone with Mark, Jordan asked, "What happened? Don't hold anything back." Mark poured room temperature water into a crystal glass. Jordan used two hands to steady the glass and took a hesitant sip. She drank faster and some of the water ran down her chin. Mark cautioned as he poured more, "Drink slower or it may not stay down." He sat down before he continued, "I can't detect any differences. You were in a static state for the good part of the last full day and nothing visible changed. Only time will tell. I don't have more definitive information for you. We used all our available resources including Dylan's Hunter senses, Eric and Bryce's Great Cat impressions, your sister's input, and Ryan's alpha awareness. We weren't able to come up with anything conclusive. How do you feel?" Jordan closed her eyes and took some long deep breaths. She reopened her eyes and stated, "I feel like myself." Mark patted Jordan's back and replied, "We'll let it be." He got up and offered before he departed, "If anything comes up, we'll deal with it." Jordan assessed Mark's rumpled clothes, mussed hair, and the dark circles under his eyes. She concluded, "Like you have. Thank you, Mark. If anything changes, I'll tell you." Mark nodded and walked by Monica as she entered the room.
After a refreshing shower and a talk with Monica, Jordan went to the main kitchen with her damp curly hair pulled back in a high ponytail and her face devoid of makeup. Kaden and Allen sat at the kitchen's center island, and Allen motioned for her to join them. Kaden said, "This might have been for the best. Alexis and Blake will be safe at our Conclave. The best strategy does not include you all going. If you'd gone, Tristan would've followed somehow." Dryly, Kaden added, "And no one here can change into anything with wings except him." Allen stated, "Your sister and nephew are well protected."
Expecting a far different response than 'a pin dropping in an empty tomb silence', Kaden and Allen looked at each other. Allen asked, "Jordan?" Jordan blinked away the sting of unshed tears and replied, "Have you heard from them?" Kaden shook his head and answered, "Soon." He reached over and placed his hand on her shoulder before he got up and rummaged until he found Jordan's tea stash. Allen heated a couple of cups of water and asked, "Sugar?" In an emotionless tone, Jordan replied, "No, plain's fine." Kaden said, "I'm going to free up Kyra and Monica to sit with Jordan for a while. Allen considered Jordan's still form again and lowered his head in answer, and Kaden left.
Jordan didn't register Allen's brief departure and return. She concentrated on the inhaled mellow orange and mint aromas rising from the cups of tea. Jordan picked up her cup and savored the feel of the first hot sip as it rolled over her taste buds. Allen stirred his sugar sweetened tea and shared Jordan's quiet company. Jordan rested her fingers on the heated cup before she picked it up and drank a longer draw. Allen repeated her action and then put one of his warm hands over hers. Jordan lifted her troubled eyes up, and Allen stood and pulled her into an embrace. Soothing strokes moved over Jordan's back and shoulders and she rested against her friend. Allen removed her ponytail band and tossed it on the counter and tousled through her drying hair several times. Jordan brought her arms around Allen's waist and listened to his heartbeat with her breathing heavy to her ears.
With perfect timing, Eric entered the kitchen with Peter and raised an eyebrow at Allen who saluted with his own raised eyebrow. Kyra and Monica entered next followed by Tristan, Randall, and Todd. Allen whispered for Jordan's hearing, "Your tea is cooling." Jordan gave Allen a quick hug and released him. She answered, "No worries, I like it that way too." Allen finished his tea in a gulp and said, "I'll see you later."
The crash of full awareness washed over Jordan. She accepted it with a weighty sigh and allowed herself to be pulled in the boisterous lodge activities.
****
Alexis felt her sister's presence across all the miles which separated them. She pulled Blake closer and said, "I want to speak to my sister." William pulled out a phone and dialed. He spoke rapidly and listened for several moments before he handed the phone over. Alexis asked into the phone, "When did you wake up?" While she walked out on one of the lodge patios, Jordan replied, "Couple of hours after you left. Focus on what's best for you and Blake. You did the right thing. Don't spend another thought on how things happened. Kaden said it was probably for the best, and I understand. Don't worry. I'm okay on this end." Alexis rubbed her son's back and answered, "It helps to hear that." Before hanging up, Alexis inquired, "Jordan?" Instinctively knowing the question, she replied, "The bracelet glowed, and Tristan heard it hum while I slept." Alexis said, "There are connections, and I've experienced similar. Messengers are around." Jordan concurred and said, "I know." She smiled and changed the subject. She posed, "Is William staying close? I assume close enough to hear this conversation?" Alexis gave William the phone and suggested, "Talk to her. She's being exasperating." He informed Alexis's nosy sister, "Yes and yes and will continue in regards to the first question." William handed the phone back to Alexis in the middle of a probing question, "Are you and Alexis...." Alexis squeezed in before she hung up, "Past the need to know line nosy one. Take care." Jordan placed the phone on a patio table. She sat alone and relaxed in the breezy evening aware that not far from her footfalls fell on rounds guarding the lodge territory, and it reminded her of the fragility of her peaceful moments.
White River Werekind Coyote Territory
Adrian sat across from his brother and explained, "She was human, not Werekind or Otherkind. And the message was clear. If you don't take Seth's offer, they'll offer it to me. They stressed that they'll back me exclusively." Owen inquired, "Anything else?" Adrian ticked off a list, "A couple of minor overseas business situations settled in our favor, zero rogue attacks over the last several days, a few pack grumbles heard about the continued need for the call to shelter affecting local merchants, and profits will be down this quarter." Owen put a finger up and stopped Adrian. He ordered, "Subsidize those who need assistance and thank them for their sacrifice. If that's not adequate, I'll speak to them personally." Adrian continued his report, "Kaden called. He didn't act like it was urgent. He said and I quote, 'Notify my alpha and contact the available Blue Lake Lodge Second when his schedule allows'. He didn't answer any of my polite inquiries." Owen grunted and asked, "Has Marcus called?" Adrian whipped out, "As if I would keep that information away from you. The Conclave Enforcer is a walking piranha and will do anything to further his cause. I don't trust him." Owen drummed his fingers on his desk and replied, "He's a necessary risk right now, but I can't fault your gut instinct. He's evasive. Has Brand reported in?" His brother confirmed, "Yes and is making good progress." Owen commanded, "Good. I want you with me when I make a stop before I leave and have Heather and Ben join us. Make sure Graham keeps Daniel well watched and if anything changes, I want to know. Also, try and hold off the dragons while I'm away. Seth is definitely our enemy, but I don't have a clue what the other Dragon Blood Kin fully are to us. No one untrusted enters our strongholds. If any try, eliminate the threat. Protect against Seth in whatever form he presents. We must be ever vigil. That monster is close. I can feel it." Adrian stated, "To damn close."
Before he left his brother's office, Adrian vowed, "I will serve well in your absence." Owen replied, "We have our odd differences, but your service and honor are unquestioned. I trust completely in your move to my position whenever the need arises." Adrian added, "Seth is baiting the wrong individual, if he thinks I want the alpha position. Keep up your record of working the impossible." Owen voiced, "As much as I am able brother."
On his way to the airport, Owen went to see Marley Forrest-Griffith and Shayla Firebrand. Shayla met the group in her shaggy hunting hound beast form at the edge of the small territory she shared with Marley. After the Werekind Coyote group got out of their vehicle, Shayla motioned towards the front of the house and waited for the group to precede her. Owen regarded the open door, and Shayla nudged the back of his legs. Heather gave Owen a 'see what I mean' look. Shayla watched the byplay and brushed between Heather and Adrian. Ben followed and once inside he stood directly behind Owen. Shayla shifted her shape and directed her gaze upon her guests. The entry door closed with a soft click.
After his recent meeting with dragon shape shifters and because he lived with Graham, little surprised Owen. He remained unmoved when the door was closed by no seen hand, but those with him cautioned a glance behind their backs. Owen cast a view beyond Shayla and said, "Question?" Marley materialized by Shayla and answered, "Ask." Owen queried already knowing the answer, "What do we have in common? You mentioned a vague connection the last time we met, and I'm asking." Shayla freed an easy laugh which put on view her long canines. Marley released a fast disappearing shower of copper flecks around her of the same likeness which covered the walls. She conceded, "You know him as Connell." Owen unconsciously spun Ariel's ring on his finger and thought, "Among other names." Marley further offered, "Yes, and the relic you wear is significant though it isn't for me to speak of."
Direct and pointed, Adrian asked, "Are you Dragon Blood Kin?" Marley walked towards him and stopped at Owen's shift to shield his brother. She quirked her head in bird fashion and replied "Owen, I mean your hearth kin no harm, and I shouldn't be surprised at his bold manner as he shares your bloodline." Adrian cleared his throat. Marley inclined her head and stated, "A wing of protection against common foes." She then turned her attention to Ben and Heather and said, "As we all are. Was there anything else?" Owen gave Marley and Shayla each a shallow bow and responded, "Give my regards to Connell when you see him, and we of the White River Territory offer our gratitude for the noted decline in the area's rogue attacks. We wouldn't presume to ask if you and yours are responsible."
Shayla changed back to hunting hound beast. In an eye blink, she shifted into a carrion crow and inspected those facing her. Owen raised an eyebrow in response and expressed, "We will stay clear of your work in the area. If problems arise, communicate those concerns to me or my brother in my absence." Marley responded, "There is one area we would seek your assistance, and I vow blood honor we mean to help the one I name." Owen asked, "Madame?" Marley looked at Ben and said, "Tristan." Owen considered and asked, "Inquired by a Messenger?" Shayla returned to human form and commented, "Wise and the touch of fire attracts the notice of drake kin. A danger and a value." Owen responded, "Acceptable on your oath." Marley inclined her head in reply. The White River Alpha told his two pack members, "Your choices." Ben answered, "A chance to beat Graham. Yes, any and every day," and Heather replied, "I absolutely want in." Owen cautioned, "Business is done away from the compound, and the only subjects broached are for Tristan's benefit." Shayla sauntered over and smoothed a touch down Adrian's arm. She inquired, "Him?" Owen prompted, "Adrian?" Owen's brother fought Shayla's dynamic appeal and answered, "Perhaps a future venture Madame." Shayla murmured, "Mmmm." Adrian bowed, turned on a heel, and escaped the prowling beast hound.
Owen gave a slight head movement, and Ben and Heather followed Adrian out. Against protocol, he asked "Enough word games and fencing for a slice of truth. What the bloody hell is going on around us?" Marley shimmered and stood unshielded. She exposed her natural midnight blue hair combined with green- yellow eyes and copper tinted skin. She allowed out, "Matters of dragon and kindred of which you are stranger no more." Owen pressed on and asked again, "And you?" Marley let free a wry smile and replied, "None that you have seen before. I am Marr Forrest Griffin, warrior daughter of the Riverby Clan from behind the Veil, distant kin by marriage of Connell's Sky Mountain Hold Hearth. Shayla Firebrand and I are present to even the odds against your current bane. Owen surmised, "On more than one front." Marley revealed, "Was and is again."
North American Werekind Wolf Conclave Headquarters
No visible fences were seen surrounding the Conclave headquarters. No towering buildings were observed above the dense obscuring forest walls. Alexis sensed the group of individuals, in both human and animal forms, loping the near lands before she saw them. She considered the trees arching over the narrow paved drive, and her mind drifted back to the stormy day she pulled up to the Blue Lake Lodge gates. She exhaled a soft sigh, and William gripped her hand a little tighter. Blake pressed close to his mother aware of her mood change. Alexis closed her eyes and concentrated. She searched and located a familiar presence. She was calmed knowing Connell was near.
The Werekind Wolf Conclave Headquarters melded into the tree and boulder strewn landscape. The impressive low rounded structure incorporated two grand boulders and one giant red oak tree. Multitudes of varying shades of natural browns and greens camouflaged the headquarters into the depths of the woods. Four staggered walls obscured and protected the foot thick metal arched entry doors. Only one entrance was visible and several others were hidden for use by trusted members.
Dylan stopped the van at the designated stop, one-quarter of a mile from their destination. Dressed to match their surroundings, four guards materialized out of the trees. Wild was Alexis's first thought when she saw their longer hair, rough beards, measured steps, and razor sharp gazes scanning for possible threats. Alexis's son was drawn to the activity, and the closest guard softened his expression at the sight of Blake's fierce regard while wrapped in his mother's protective arms. Ryan and Bryce got out and walked back to the second vehicle, and they all waited for the official who would direct and greet them.
Marcus, Conclave Enforcer, followed by five unfamiliar men met the arriving group. Dylan, Conclave Hunter, embraced his close friends, and each thudded each other's back. William assisted Alexis and her son out as Marcus officially welcomed the Blue Lake Pack's Alpha. Dylan and Bryce stood behind the Monroes, and William stood slightly to the right and front of them. Marcus introduced those who accompanied him as, "My brother, Garrett Wallace, Alpha of the Stark Pass Pack, one of his elites, and three other members. Alexis and newly confirmed alpha, this group has pledged to your cause. Your title was sanctioned, and you'll receive your formal signed endorsement today." Ryan replied, "You've been busy in a short time frame. Our appreciation for joining the cause Garrett," Ryan reached over and grasped Garrett's arm in an oath handshake. Garrett recognized William's standing by not advancing past William's arm length, and he told Alexis, "For my brother to put this much effort into something is answer enough. The Stark Pass offers you and yours open territories and free passage whenever the need arises. Count us as your ally." Garrett motioned to Alexis's son and asked, "His name?" Alexis lifted her head and answered, "Blake Monroe." Garrett added, "Well young Blake Monroe let's get you and your mother through this and on to more uncomplicated matters, eh." Garrett sniffed the air concluded, "Madame, there's a Great Cat guarding your back?" Easily, Alexis replied, "And has for a good part of this as well as many others. Bryce, Garrett. Garrett, Bryce." Garrett and Bryce each parroted each other's name. With the introductions completed, the group entered the Conclave.
****
Alexis lifted her son into William's arms and walked past all of those offering their protection. Without fear, she stood before Luke Blackstone. Luke looked at his son and announced, "It was my brother. You can't hold me responsible." Alexis asked, "Did you try and stop him?" Luke shifted his gaze down and to the left. Quick, Alexis responded, "I didn't think so. I won't waste my breath explaining what you've lost." She moved closer to Luke and enunciated loud, "You did not protect your son."
With inch long errant eyebrows, hawkish nose, and astute gray eyes, the head of the Werekind Wolf Conclave declared, "We've heard sufficient evidence. All guardianship rights of the young in question are granted to Alexis Monroe until such time he is able to make his own decisions. In the event one of your own pack is unable to speak on your behalf in the matter of guardianship, then the Conclave will render a decision. Madame Monroe would you and your... entourage kindly give me a few moments with Blackstone. The Conclave has information for you.
Elder Timothy asked Blackstone's three pack members to leave. He then pointed his burl wood walking stick at Luke Blackstone and stated, "You've had more than your share of wins before this Conclave, but today is not such. Bother a hair on any of the Monroes' heads or if we ever question your involvement against them, I promise your greatest threat won't be us. You've been warned."
Timothy thumped his cane on the floor several times, and a Conclave Warrior Clerk emerged from a concealed door. The clerk handed over two files, and the elder motioned for Luke to approach. Timothy commented, "Don't ever remember you being this quiet before. I sense your seething, and that's the reason these papers where drawn up. Foresight, one of the benefits of my ripe age. The papers then. Quick brief. You will forfeit all of your claimed assets and holdings to Blake Monroe if you challenge the Conclave on this dictate, and you will be labeled outlaw. Believe me when I tell you, this is preferable to what an interested third party proposed. My free advice is to sign, walk away from the Monroes, and don't ever think to change your mind. Maybe Alexis Monroe will yield and give you access to your son in the future. But given your lack of action on more than one occasion, I highly doubt it. And Blackstone, the Conclave has information you knew she birthed your son. Better your silence than act the ambushed father. Keyword being ambushed. Sign and walk away."
Luke scanned the documents handed to him and stopped short of tossing them back into Timothy's face. The elder scrunched his prominent eyebrows and asked, "What troubles you about this other than the loss of your unclaimed heir. Come now. Say it. It's only us here." Luke smoothed down his suit sleeves and flicked a few stray red hairs the same color as his son's from his brow. He stated, "Conclave judgment for a non- Were shows weak." Timothy sat up and thundered out, "Non- Were? As I am seeing my twilight and have experienced much, grant that I can see bullshit for what it is. You sought Alexis Monroes' company beyond the bounds to your mate. You actively pursued her for a reason. Don't prove yourself more of a fool trying to convince me otherwise. I suspect one of your trackers got wind of her and presented the information of a beautiful lone hybrid in your area. I propose it was the temptation of forbidding ripe fruit that prompted you and not something more sinister. Because it you open your mouth and hint at plots against a lone female, you won't leave here today with your head attached to your body." Timothy lobbed a pen at Luke and waited.
Luke lashed out his bold signature in the proper places and moved back and stood. Timothy collected the pen and the signed papers. He called out "Clerk" and requested, "Ready three copies, one for Alexis Monroe, one for the primary here, and the last for Messenger delivery."
Once the warrior clerk was gone, Timothy stood and leaned on his walking stick. The head of the Werekind Wolf Conclave told Luke Blackstone, "Your brother Marshall is rogue, and you're one step from being the same. Those papers you signed will either save your life or serve as your death warrant. If you defy us and force the Hunters to complete their duties, that means less work for us in the end with you flitting with details such as rules and laws. I saw reason to stay the hand of someone who wants vengeance and rightly so. This weak Conclave is what stood between you and your grave. Have a care for someone other than yourself. That's what put you in this predicament. Have a care or good riddance."
Bangs of Timothy's walking stick brought the Conclave Warrior Clerk back who glared at Luke and waited for an action command. Timothy waved off the clerk and said, "I'm well. We're finished here. Correct Blackstone." In a moment of understanding, Blackstone swallowed against his dry throat and proposed, "I offer a stipend."
Timothy concluded their business and said, "Which the Conclave will accept on the behalf of Blake Monroe. You're excused Blackstone." Timothy called out, "Next group."
With a wide smile, Elder Timothy spoke to Alexis. She replied per his request, "Tim," which brightened the elder even more. Familiar with Timothy's stoic manner, Dylan and Marcus shook their heads at the sight of the confirmed bachelor and head of the Werekind Wolf Conclave letting his charming side loose. Timothy looked at those present, which included two alphas, two elites, a Werekind Great Cat, a Conclave Hunter and Conclave Enforcer, and more than several others. He thundered out, "Will someone, I don't care who, bring chairs for our guests." Timothy declared, "Most of these giants are heavy on muscle, but they lack finesse and proper decorum skills. What of William here?" Alexis considered William's actions for her entire family and easily answered, "His bellow is as grand as yours." Alexis crooked her finger, and Timothy stepped closer. Curious, those present listened in. Alexis whispered, "Between you and me, I haven't found any areas were William is lacking. When he asks, he might find that I'm inclined to answer favorably." Timothy expressed, "Well, he is indeed fortunate." He bellowed, "William, come take your place. It appears you're spoken for." William accepted the congratulations from his alpha, some of his close friends, and new associates. He sat Blake on his mother's lap and then stood slightly right and front of his official Conclave betrothed.
Timothy told Alexis, "We were given information which concerns you and your family. William moved closer and quietly offered Alexis his support. Timothy retrieved Alexis's folder and gave her a folded piece of antique paper sealed by three thumbprints pressed into flattened gold seals. The Conclave head leader enlightened those gathered, "Delivered by Messenger, six foot four who wears a fair length of black hair, stance of a warrior, and wily as any I've ever had the pleasure of meeting. More than a short story there. On to the issue, we of the Werekind Wolf Conclave were informed of your connection to Madeleine Walker. The Conclave accepts that claim which links you and your sister to a primary Werekind family. We officially welcome your line back with us. We start anew and no apology or compensation can atone for what was done in the past to your blood kin. To Walkers past and present." Boisterous voices raised in a salute, "To Walkers past and present." William placed a hand on Alexis's shoulder and spoke loud, "And to their future."
After the room was cleared of most, Alexis brushed her fingers over the gold seals on the message and spoke a single word, "Connell." She opened the message, read the short note written in bold script, and paraphrased it, "It's an invitation to visit Sky Mountain Hold Hearth home, and the word home shines on the paper." Alexis handed William the note, and he handed it to Ryan after he read it. William voiced what he and Ryan saw, "Alexis, we don't see anything after the word hearth." Alexis smiled and replied, "Definitely a message to see home in a different light."
Ryan asked, "Did you accomplish everything you needed here?" Alexis closed her eyes and sighed, "Endured yes. Denying my son access to his father is not something I'll celebrate." William drew Alexis into his embrace, and watched as Ryan left the room with her son. Alexis held William's waist tight and rested her head against his chest. He rubbed her back and whispered soft, "My heart, your pain is mine. I'm here. Let it out. You won't be judged." Alexis cried heart wrenching quiet sobs which ended in loud sniffles. Holding her as if she would break, William questioned, "Finished? Alexis mumbled against her betrothed's chest, "If I said no?" William quick lifted her and sat them in a chair. He responded, "Then I better get comfortable." Alexis rubbed the tears from her face and sat with William for a short time before they moved on.
Land adjacent to Black Rock Forest Territory in the far Northeast
Brand considered the body at his feet and recognized by the smell that Marshall Blackstone had met his demise ten to twelve hours before. Blow flies buzzed around slashed body openings. Four other bodies were found in what could only be called degrees of shredding. Trails and pools of spilled blood marred the rough sawn oak flooring. Brand, executor of Owen Miller's orders was asked by the present Black Rock Forest's Second, "Have a clue what or who did this? We would appreciate any helpful information." Quiet, Brand stated, "Rogues. These kills have connections to events away from here. After seeing this, do you think your pack would have remained unscathed if any were involved? If your alpha has future concerns, contact the White River Alpha. Unless this graphic statement doesn't set off alarms, accept that you want no part of this." Brand scented past the room's stifled hanging air. He asked, "Do you smell that?" Brand's counterpart answered, "Something our tracker questioned when he first came on the scene. Blood scent of an unknown and the probable assailant." Brand quick scanned the room's desk in disarray. He found a pen and wrote on a scrap of paper 'Rogue Seth Lewis equals Rogue Dragon Blood Kin. Some among us are Otherkind no matter how human or Werekind they appear or smell. The familiar has changed'. Brand showed the note to the Black Rock Forest Second and said aloud, "Send the bodies to the Werekind Wolf Conclave. Stay away from this fray the best you can."
The Black Rock River Second looked at the remote log cabin's death scene in a new light. He nodded his head in understanding and said as he and his other two pack members were leaving, "Come up to our main compound when you're done. Join us for a meal and a night's sleep if you want. I suspect you could use the company of pack and some lighter times." Brand used the writing pen and shifted through some of the scattered pieces of paper sitting in tell- tale ash piles. He asked, "Know who you're inviting in?" The area's second drawled out after a chuckle, "Brandon Lee Merion, elite guard of the White River Werekind Coyote Territories led by Alpha Owen Miller, Shadow Hunter of repute. We may live in the backwoods and not occupy a big city, but I reckon we can keep up." Brand lifted his gaze from his work and replied, "Alford, changes are afoot in the woods and the cities." Alford hollered back as he walked away, "Sure seems. See you at the compound."
Blue Lake Lodge Werekind Wolf Territory
Carl informed Kaden who was in charge while Ryan and William were away, "Request from Alpha Owen Miller for entrance and he sends his apologies for the lack of proper notice." Kaden viewed the White River Alpha standing by an older model navy blue sedan at their far gate. Owen wore dark glasses and uncharacteristic wrinkled black cargo pants and an untucked dark gray athletic shirt. Kaden asked, "Opinion." Arthur ran his hand over his buzz cut short head. He scratched the back of his neck and responded, "Definite edge. Unlike when we saw him last. I'd say major changes." Kaden added, "And no backup. Well, we'll make sure we don't add to the shitload he's clearly shouldering. When he passes our gates and until the time he exits, treat him like crystal. No scratches, no cracks. I don't want Peter anywhere near him after their last face off. Warn Allen away from confronting the lone alpha on their shared interest, and you're with Jordan. Everyone else is responsible for getting the alpha gone hale and whole. I want to turn him away, but that'll be seen as a negative message."
Owen was watched on the security monitor as he slipped his sunglasses off, hooked the glasses over the front top of his shirt, and presented an 'I am in charge no matter the environment' stance." Kaden popped his neck first left then right before he continued, "That Carl is the image of someone who is walking the edge of oblivion. Someone who will grapple with Death and then hold court with Chaos. Burn it into your memory. Better not keep him waiting any longer. Open the gate. Carl, get information out discreetly and somebody tell the Cat. I bet Eric has already sniffed out our guest and wouldn't be far from the action. What I won't give for a long run on four legs. I'd welcome a run in the mud in a hard driving rain over this." Kaden blew out a long breath before he went out to meet the Alpha of the White River Territory.
Tristan stopped in the middle of a conversation with Todd and Randall, and Todd asked, "What?" Tristan quirked his head in the direction of the main gate, and replied, "Visitor. Male. Known. Werekind Coyote." Randall commented, "Definitely an unusual situation. Let's see what's brewing." Tristan focused his eyes and senses past the ceiling and roof, and he took off running before Randall finished speaking. Both of Tristan's lodge contacts followed and were forced to stop when Tristan flew over the second story bannister without a moment's pause. He hit the ground in a graceful squat and almost took out Kaden in the process. Kaden missed grabbing Tristan by a whisper's wisp and ended up joining the chase. Tristan pulled off his shirt and removed his belt, underclothes, and pants. He launched into the air as a golden eagle. Kaden noted that increased running speed and faster transition were Tristan's newer abilities.
Back earlier than those who went to the Werekind Wolf Conclave, Dylan was apprised of Owen's presence. He jogged out of the woods and joined Arthur, Eric, and Jordan. Kaden yelled, "Randall, Todd what's going on." Randall stepped forward, lowered his head, and quickly spoke, "Tristan said there was a male Werekind Coyote visitor, looked up towards the ceiling, and you saw the rest." Todd continued, "Nothing out of the ordinary before. I believe he sensed something or someone else."
Meanwhile, Owen got out of his vehicle and glanced at the unfolding action from the ground to sky. Kaden swung his eyes towards his visitor and questioned, "You have something to offer?" Unfazed, Owen replied, "Nothing from me or mine. My oath." Kaden called out, "Todd, have Carl implement lockdown procedures." Jordan shielded her eyes from the sun. She cupped her mouth and yelled, "Tristan Henry Kerr. Down here now."
A smaller eagle locked talons with a larger dark brown eagle and the smaller one was clawed. Tristan broke off contact with a series of squawks and dove away from his opponent.
Kaden shook his head and told Tristan's contacts, "Retrieve him and take his clothes." Jordan asked what everyone was thinking, "Why did he attack an eagle?" Eric laid a hand on Jordan's shoulder before he jogged with Dylan to help Tristan. A realization hit Owen, and he walked between Jordan and Kaden and offered, "I believe I have the answer. That's more than an eagle. She is Otherkind."
Kaden spit out an expletive and circled his hand which put Arthur and two present guards into action. Forgetting his earlier advice about avoiding conflict, Kaden shouted, "Explain now." Owen flashed a stream of heat that he pushed down with some difficulty. He replied, "A recent alliance apparently shadowing me, helping our community against some common adversaries."
Elsewhere, in a rushed thud, Tristan crashed into the ground. Breathing hard, he rolled onto his back and trained his sight on the eagle who landed then changed into a giant shaggy hound near him. Todd saw the gray hunting hound beast and cautioned Randall, "Object is to stay alive. Hold the edge walking." Randall lowered his head, held up open hands, and eyed the unknown Other. He responded, "Hopefully that's everyone's agenda." Todd asked Jordan's ward, "You okay?" Tristan grabbed his left ribs and answered between heavy breaths, "Alive for the moment." Dylan and Eric came on scene, and they all watched as Shayla Firebrand changed from hunting hound beast to petite feral eyed and wild haired waif. Eric settled his incisive emerald gaze on the newcomer and said already knowing the answer, "Friend of Connell's is a good guess."
Shayla bent and laid her overwarm hand near Tristan's talon made wounds and apologized, "Pardon asked. Attack not intent. I understand." Shayla extended her small curved nailed hand. Tristan regarded it and asked, "Understand what?" Shayla pulled Tristan up. She smiled and showed her prominent canines. Shayla explained, "Protect, defend. Instinct beyond sense. Yes. When I wore nipping teeth, I often did." Randall suppressed a curt laugh, and Todd heavy sighed at his friend. Dylan rumbled a warning and suggested, "Randall Allen and Todd make yourselves useful and take Tristan to see Mark."
Before Tristan left, Shayla expressed, "Curious and saw brave silver heart bearings scaled raw spirit. My honor, but your fervor warrants a guardian." Stoically ignoring his throbbing wounds, Tristan responded, "I already have a guardian. Not to mention, I don't know who or what you are ma'am. I have my share of stuff to deal without adding someone who pushes my control. I'll pass." Dylan intervened, "Can we do this later. Tristan needs care."
Jordan came on scene and assessed her ward quickly and threw her attention at Shayla. Before Kaden spoke, Jordan harshly said, "Owen doesn't think you're a problem. Hell if I think that given the evidence." Shayla arched her brows up at Jordan's scent, and Owen arbitrated and said, "If I may." Kaden conceded, "All yours, if you can settle this without more bloodshed and can speed the proceedings up. One stipulation though, the younger ones leave. That's not negotiable."
Jordan told Tristan, "I'll manage. Get your wounds looked at." Prepared to dig his heels in, Jordan prompted, "Light's an answer. Okay. Todd and Ryan go with Tristan and keep him company." Jordan smiled to prompt them, and the three grudgingly departed." Owen began again and questioned Shayla Firebrand, "A common acquaintance offered your services without my participation." Her huffing laugh didn't calm those gathered, and they sounded their irritation. Not frighten, she flashed a wicked grin. Shayla lived and thrived in the realm beyond the veil full of phenomena and hazards. She countered, "Watch over hearth kin, curious about one carrying Otherkind spirits and maturing dragon side and to say nothing of bold blood here. My guardianship involves your territory Owen Miller and you when you journey away."
Owen stepped forward and stated, "News to me." Shayla explained, "We accepted your gifts. You offered alliance. We all accepted terms." She inclined her head ever so and informed Jordan, "Though your support is clear, except more brands of fire." Shayla turned back towards Owen and said, "It is hollow rounds and silver ways." That said, she changed into hunting beast hound and then shifted shape to a carrion crow." In that form, she hopped walked over to Kaden and cawed at him before flying off." Kaden thought, 'Ryan can't get back soon enough' and said out aloud, "Let's take this inside before something else I'm not prepared to deal with shows up."
The Blue Lake Lodge Second shook his head as he, Arthur, Dylan, and Eric fell into step between Owen and Jordan. Kaden said, "Be assured Alpha Miller, we will treat you fair. What can we do for you?" Owen stopped walking and explained, "I came for two reasons. First, Marshall Blackstone was found dead and clues point to Seth Lewis. Second reason is to see a friend if you're agreeable Jordan?" Dark circles shadowed under Owen's eyes, and a razor hadn't touched his face in several days. Jordan was shaken by Owen's rumpled appearance and the tension bonfire pouring from him. She darted a concerned look at him and proposed, "Come with me. I'm going to check on Tristan. Then we can talk."
Kaden told Jordan Owen would meet her inside. Kaden spoke firm, "Alpha Miller, our territory, our rules. Arthur is assigned to watch over Jordan. When you see her, Arthur is there. Her sister is away, and I'm assuming the responsibility." Owen bristled. Visibly, he shook off his ire and replied, "You know I'm pursuing a closer relationship with her. There's no issue here." Kaden declared, "And there won't be." He put a light hand on Owen's shoulder. The White River Alpha recoiled from the friendly gesture, and Kaden said, "Hope this helps and pulls you from your inner collapse. If the roles were reversed, would you assume different?" Owen further pulled away and blew out deep and long. He was unable to nay say Kaden's evaluation.
Meanwhile, Jordan sat on Tristan's bed he seldom slept in and considered his current peaceful sleeping posture. Mark had reassured Jordan that her ward would recover quickly from two broken ribs, heavy bruising, and Tristan's arm and shoulder lacerations were found to be less serious than first assumed after the blood was cleaned away.
Jordan rested her hand on Tristan's unaffected side, and whispered in his ear, "You better stay alive, or I'll chase you back from the other side and nag you with my full fury." More asleep than awake, Tristan softly smiled then drifted back to sleep. Jordan considered her ward's frightening feats and thought 'find more strength,' as she stood careful not to step on legs and other body parts of the three young men in the room. Jordan ruffled Randall's hair who sat with closed eyes on the floor by Tristan's bed. She rubbed Todd's back who sat long faced in the room's lone chair while he leaned forward with his hands on his knees. Jordan did not disturb Carl who lay boneless on the floor exhausted from working a week's worth of double shifts.
A little while later, Jordan freed her hair from its band and fingered through her loose curls. Owen commented, "It's grown. Did you change the color? Jordan stopped her actions and answered, "At least four inches and I'm mystified at the red highlights and darker tone. Jordan shifted and put one leg on the couch and dangled the other one down. She continued, "What's troubling you Owen? You didn't come this far to discuss my hair." Owen leaned back in the chair and replied, "Maybe I did. It seems natural me sitting here talking to you." Jordan hummed her answer, an indication for Owen to continue. He asked after he glanced at Arthur, "And him?" Jordan smiled at Owen's unmasked male curiosity and easily replied, "Friend, surrogate big brother type." Arthur added, "More accurate younger." Jordan suggested, "Not my plan for you to be here, so dial down the listening or..." Arthur commented as he pushed ear plugs into his ears, "Or you'll surprise me with your punching ability. I'm as good as invisible. And as I've promised in the past, I pledge to you both, whatever I don't hear will remain ever sealed." Owen raised a questioning eyebrow at Jordan, and she answered with a strong positive head nod.
Words flowed from Owen, and he let free experiences, sights, and feelings which he had carried since Ben's attack. He omitted true names and protected his honored word. Speaking loosened the taunt edges pinning Owen's sanity. Jordan hung on every utter word and was touched by some shared themes of Messengers, unusual guests and gifts, and ties to mysterious realms." She commented "Not hard for me to believe at all. Like being caught in a warped living echo. A steady beat that can engulf you if you allow. Don't lose yourself in it all. Dim the noise and center yourself." Owen twirled Ariel's ring on his finger and explained, "That, my wise friend, is why I drove here. For your gifted insight, uncomplicated and clear." Jordan glanced over at Owen's hand worried hair which stood on ends, his slumped shoulders, and sleep deprived eyes which were losing the battle to stay open. She suggested, "Take some time. Sleep. You need it. If you want another impartial listener, Arthur is a reliable one." Jordan mini hollered, "Hey surrogate younger brother type with ear plugs filtering nothing and were only put there to appease me. You open time if Owen wants." Arthur continued typing on his laptop and didn't lift his eyes from his work. He said, "Yes surrogate older sister type and lodge mate. Now I'm back to my soundproof invisibility bubble."
Owen slept through Alexis, Blake, Ryan, Bryce, and William's boisterous lodge return. Kaden contacted the White River's second in command and assured him Owen was safe. Healer Mark discretely checked on the Alpha of the White River Territories and reported to Ryan, "Slumber of the near dead." Jordan conspired with Alexis and William, and they prepared a handful of items for Owen.
Meanwhile, Tristan was bombarded with well wishes, from gentle counsels to alpha powered admonishments. He received a blinked eye message from Crystal followed by a rushed, "Get well soon, I hear you like music, what's your favorite kind, got to get back, well okay," back to the blinking before she hurried off. Tristan was surrounded by support, as he was considered an embedded pack member as were all of the Monroes.
****
Eric asked Arthur, "Seen Jordan?" Arthur rattled off, "Main kitchen ten minutes ago lining up a combination of strange things, and she asked Todd to find powered and brown sugar. Has Randall, Monica, and Allen working on I quote, 'Some things'. Tristan is even up and working. She has that gleam in her eye. You know the one. You've spent enough time with her to recognize trouble when you see it. Said she was commandeering the kitchen. I said okay and left." Eric suggested as he hurried towards the kitchen, "Open the coffers, unbury the kitchenware, the chef is on duty." Eric picked up speed and jogged to the kitchen. Curious, Arthur followed.
Jordan raised an eyebrow at Eric's entrance into the kitchen and said, "This was supposed to be a surprise dinner before you and Bryce leave, a show of appreciation from my family and the lodge." Eric surveyed the feast preparation and those gathered. He commented, "And a gathering of friends. I believe I'll join in. Have something for me to do." Jordan asked Randall who currently wore a fair dusting of flour, "Mind sharing your duty. Eric has some experience in the noodle making craft." Randall considered the sticky goo clinging to his fingers and searched his mind for a delicate way to bow out of his current task. Jordan stopped him before he spoke. She said, "Either noodles or cutting fruit for the pies and fruit trays and chopping vegetables." Randall glanced at the bushels of undesirables and cringed. He wiggled his fingers and was unable to dislodge any of the clinging dough from them. Randall answered, "I've been chosen by this sticky matter and will see it through." Jordan replied, "Good choice," as she surveyed Monica and Allen cutting up chickens, sectioning beef and lamb, and Tristan grinding her special blend of meats for meatballs.
Eric washed his hands and asked, "Same agreement?" Jordan replied, "Given you're leaving soon, you can have two cookies from each pan when I get around to making them. Eric enlightened Arthur who was standing at the doorway, "Stipulations of a prior contract." Arthur shook his head at Eric's maneuvering and commented, "A cookie contract, huh." Eric divulged, "Baked goods and I'll leave a copy of the agreement." Arthur called out to those of his lodge, "Keep an eye on him." In turn, they mumbled a response which could go either way. The work crew was already on board with Jordan's kitchen rules. Arthur scrutinized everyone in the kitchen. He watched them moving briskly about their tasks and commented, "I'll be back." Jordan informed him, "Be prepared to stay and work or leave us to our business."
The Blue Lake Lodge feasted and socialized into the late hours and only crumbs and a few tray garnishes remained. The celebration was a grand send off for Eric and Bryce who were returning to their lair, a token of gratitude from both the Monroes and new fast friends. Jordan and her kitchen staff finished the last of the dishes, and she handed out their cookie allotments. After a variety of thanks from her friends, Jordan sat down and drank a cup of tea.
Kaden interrupted Jordan's quiet and said, "Owen asked to see you before he leaves. He's outside down the main steps." Kaden escorted Jordan and left her at the entryway. Dressed in a pair of charcoal gray pants, supple black leather shoes, and a crisp white shirt with the top two buttons undone, Owen stood composed as he waited. A new ultra short haircut compliments of Arthur and a fresh shaved face highlighted Owen's brighter demeanor. When he saw Jordan, he strolled to meet her aware of a group of Jordan's protectors positioned not far away. Owen dismissed their presence with his focus solely on one person. He said, "You've given me one more reason to seek your company. The meal was outstanding. You're talented." Jordan answered, "Thank you," and she grasped Owen's offered arm as they walked down the stairs. At the bottom, he hesitated to go further given the gravel and her bare feet. Owen cautioned, "This is far enough."
Before she ran her hand over Owen's head, Jordan stopped herself." Owen caught her hand and rubbed it over his cheek. He then took her hand and covered his heart with both of their hands. Owen whispered for her hearing which floated into the night air, "I feel you here and will wait for your decision. You bring me calm beyond my understanding, and I'm thankful for your extraordinary insight." Jordan embraced her passions and ran her fingers over Owen's close cut head, cheeks, and ended with trailing touches on his chest. She told him, "You're patient." Owen replied as he held Jordan's hands, "I spoke to your friends, Arthur and Allen. They care about you a great deal." Jordan asked, "And you?" In a flash, Owen pressed a firm kiss on her lips, unclasped her hands, and backed away from her. He answered, "Absolutely. All of your family is welcome at any time." Owen nodded his head at Ryan and Alexis, who both stood at the top of the stairs. Jordan called out, "It's difficult seeing you go." Owen said with ease, "Incentive to see me sooner." Jordan requested, "Stay safe until I see you again." Encouraged, the Alpha of the White River gave his intended an old world formal bow and stated, "As I am able. May you and yours be safe and content." Jordan inclined her head in answer, and Alexis laid her hands on sister's shoulders. They both watched Owen drive away. A wolf sent out a mournful howl, and it was joined by several others. Owen moved on ready to face his challenges and was better prepared to meet his future.
Deeper in the woods and unseen by any of the locals, a group of Otherkind gathered. Completely aware of all of the Blue Lake Lodge's recent events, Connell commented to the two with him, "Watch over them well. They are important to me." The male replied before changing form, "For future and current family?" Solemn, Connell returned, "Indeed." When alone with Connell, Shayla asked, "And Tristan?" Connell replied, "He'll meet his guardian when he travels beyond the Veil." Shayla transformed into an eagle. She would shadow Owen's progress back to his territory and even there she would continue to do so. Connell dragged his regard from the lodge holding his blood kin and Tristan, a foundling straddling multiple realms which included the world of dragon. In a flash, the Valiant disappeared past the present air.
Two days later in the deep dark of night, Alexis startled awake. William fast awoke and asked, "What is it?" Alexis lay back down by William and answered, "Connell." William lifted up on an elbow and inquired, "Problems?" Alexis pushed up from the bed. She walked into the adjoining room and checked on Blake who was sleeping soundly. Alexis tucked a light cover back over her son and worried a hand over the wood headboard. William pulled Alexis against him and rubbed her arms. Alexis explained, "A major disturbance surrounds Connell." William suggested, "We can call the Messengers." Alexis listened to the far off wind rushing through distant tree leaves. She tried but was unable to hear or sense more. She said, "Make the call."
Consortium's Secret Site
The sky was haloed by clouds, and the moon's cusp snagged the darkness with dagger sharpness. Soft at first, the wind picked up and pushed the tree branches above and rushed over the ground. Heavy beads of rain pelted Connell and his Dragon Blood Kin guards as they walked towards the Consortium's secret hold. Connell shimmered from his Valiant garb into dark pants and shirt, and occasional red and blue glints sparked around him.
Walls blotched with mildew stained Seth's underground lair and thick aged air hung almost visible. The few present rogues, who witnessed the coming of Dragon Blood Kin, scattered aware this was greater than them. Echoed footsteps announced their presence, and they arrived at Seth's unbarred lair door. Once inside, Connell held up a hand, a signal for his guards to wait, and he proceeded into Seth's pristine office. Unsurprised by the visitors, Seth spoke, "It took you long enough. The mighty Valiant out edged again and again. I take it my banishment has ended." Seth tightened his jaw after he saw Connell's eyes swirling silver fighting against reds and blues and posed, "You're no better than me ingesting melt." Connell motioned for his guards to surround Seth and countered, "That may be true. But by doing so, I reached you and will stop your deceit and trail of ruin. Your reign has ended and kind Dragon Blood Kin carry heart heaviness for your actions." Seth stood and was secured in tight restrains. He dared, "I challenge that you alone won't claim my death." Connell seeped out over thousand sharp hot and biting cold needle shards which stopped an inch from Seth dark heart. Connell declared, "I accept, but stipulate dragon blood ground. Anywhere else, the challenge is void, and I will cut your vile heart from your living body." The Valiant advised, "Agree to my terms. There won't be a repeat of your last sly declaration. Challenge on dragon blood ground beyond the Veil or you forfeit your life here, and we drag your carcass away." Pleased, Seth smiled and spoke, "Dragon blood ground and no other." Connell reabsorbed his cold and hot elements. Before they all changed realms with Seth locked into his words, Seth said, "The melt enlivens certain elements delightfully don't you find? A harmonious chaotic agony." Connell took hold of Seth's arm and answered, "Unlike you, I looked for a way out and in the end will keep hold of my fair judgment and morals." With the melt long since dispersed in his entire being, Seth considered his dark plight while in the space between the two realms, and Connell considered what he had done to have a piece of melt resting whole in the pit of his stomach.
Behind the Veil on Dragon Blood Challenge Grounds
Connell and Seth faced off in a ring of twelve colossal stone dragon statues stationed around the dragon blood challenge grounds and inner ring of living Dragon Blood Kin transformed into dragon form. Still in human form, Connell asked, "Why attack the Monroes and Jordan's ward Tristan? Seth divulged, "Marshall Blackstone was useful and an avenue to provoke your rage. Imagine my surprise when I was presented with that jewel to use against you. Tristan? Should that name mean anything to me? I tire of this talk. Find your own answers if you live. Valiant, you overlooked the obvious. You care. I never have and never will. And I revel in that fact that you were wrong more than once." Connell called out for all to hear, "From this day forward, I pledge we will right your wrongs and remove your stain from our history." Seth started a slow transformation into a dark green and black dragon with red claws and said, "Succumb to your darkest reflection or be taken." Connell morphed into a midnight blue and ruby red dragon with black claws and thick leathery wings. He and Seth ripped into one another in the air above the challenge grounds. Blood rained down and drenched the ground below. Somber, those present watched the struggle above them.
Blue Lake Lodge Werekind Wolf Territory
Ryan and William brought the news to Alexis. Ryan spoke in hushed tones, and Alexis nodded her head when he stopped. William reached for Blake and said, "Kaden is getting Jordan and Tristan. Alexis squeezed her eyes closed and fought back tears. Through blurred eyes, she considered the bracelet sparking warm against her skin. She took a moment and composed herself. William and Ryan walked with her to the entryway where Kaden, Jordan, and Tristan waited.
Jarek, Connell's head guard arrived first through the opened lodge door. Valiant Byram Connell Rookwood of the Sky Mountain Hold Hearth appeared dead pale and barely able to hold his balance. Most shocking was the number of wounds covering his body. Jordan ran over to Connell and held his uninjured hand. Connell waved off Jarek from intervening. Ryan cautioned, "Jordan..." Connell said, "All is well, I find comfort in their presence." Alexis asked, "Is it done?" After a sway, Connell righted his balance and announced, "Yes, Seth's time has ended. I wanted to bring the news personally." Jordan watched a smaller wound knit closed before her eyes and suggested, "It could have waited." Connell grimaced and considered each Monroe sister, Blake, and finally Tristan. He answered, "No, I couldn't. I waited too long before, and this time I will not echo my err." Alexis squeezed her brows together and scolded, "No fading." Connell showed his lighter side past his pain and declared, "Only a hard fall," which had Jarek disagreeing with a grunt.
Connell continued, "For a good future standing with kin and acquaintances. I owe my gratitude to the Blue Lake Lodge members and all the others who have helped my blood kin." Alexis stood by Jordan, and the eldest sister said, "Endings and new beginning in good places." Jordan added, "You never know where you'll find connections. Even if one of those is a touch sneaky and still has a few things to explain." Sincere, Connell answered, "All in due time. Be well until next we meet..." Connell and Jarek blinked away out of sight. Tristan heard a whisper for his hearing alone, "Hearth mite, your time off this realm is soon."
Be well
Safe
And content
Until next...


Acknowledgements
I dedicate this book to my special family members, friends, and countless others who have been on the long journey with me in producing my first published book. My thanks for their willingness to discuss random details, look at endless photos, read, reread, and listen again and again. They all were patient beyond believe. I cannot thank any of them enough for willingly joining me in my strange world of Werekind, Dragon Blood Kin, Messengers, and all of the other unusual characters, places, and events. Lastly, I would like to thank those readers who will take the chance and dare to brave the pages of my work as a new fantasy author. It is my great hope that all who read my stories are reached on some level. 
Be Well
Until next 
We Meet




                  



                  S. R. Bernard


