









FALLEN for GLORY ©
Roni Eastman

 











Roni Eastman - Follow on Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=10001002198996
Jakal Publishing - 
http://jakalpublishing.weebly.com/
Follow on Facebook - 
https://www.facebook.com/Jakal-Publishing-1675761002659361/timeline/

Dedication



This book is dedicated to the two strong and cunning women that taught me about life.  My granny, may she rest in peace, taught me that hell has no fury like a woman scorned, and revenge is best served cold.  My mother that not only gave me the love of the written word, but she also taught me not to get mad, get even.  There were no limits to their loyal dedication to their family, or the fierce protection of their loved ones.  These women were my hero’s, my allies, and on occasion, my enemies.  They molded me into the woman I became.
All my love, 
Roni












FALLEN for GLORY

March – 1967



Jacequeline heard a knock on the front door of her house.  She came out of the kitchen and looked into the front room just as her father answered the door.  Two Military men, dressed in their Class A uniforms, were standing at the door with solemn looks on their faces.  Jacequeline yelled for her mother.  Caroline came down the stairs asking what all the fuss was about.  She rounded the corner to the front room and saw the Military personnel standing in the doorway.  Jacequeline looked at her father. Alfred looked like the life had been sucked out of him.  Her father was a tall slender man, in his early 40’s.  Caroline would often tell him, that he was as handsome today, as the day they met.  Age had started to show lines in his face, and he had a little gray sprinkled throughout his hair. But on this day, he seemed to age a decade, in just a few minutes.   
The two military men asked if this was the Hollinger residence.  Jacqueline’s mother started to cry.  Alfred asked the men what they wanted.  The men asked if they could come inside.  Alfred opened the door wider to allow them into the front room.  One of the men was the Army Chaplin, and the other a notification officer.  They had some papers in their hands.  The notification officer spoke up and told her parents that the US Army was sorry to inform them that Thomas A. Hollinger had been killed in action.  They both said they were sorry for our loss.  Caroline sunk to the floor crying.  She kept saying over and over, “no, no, no, not my baby”.  
Alfred had often said that Caroline was delicate. Whenever something bad would happen he was the one that took charge.  He said Caroline had a hard time coping when things were difficult.  Jacequeline looked at her mother.  Caroline was a pretty woman in her mid to late 30’s. She had light brown hair, and pale skin.  And sitting balled up in the floor, Jacequeline thought her mother looked like a wilting flower. There was nothing Jacequeline could do to help her.   Jacequeline heard her father ask when and where.  The Notification Officer said that most of the information was classified. All he could say was just that Thomas and his unit had been ambushed while on a scouting mission in Vietnam.  They said most of the unit was either killed during the assault, or taken prisoner.  He said the discoveries were made when back up troops arrived.
The notification officer told the family that too often mass casualties have to be buried overseas, because the location where they are found prevents recovery efforts to get them out. He said luckily Thomas’s platoon was not far from a base camp. They were able to transport the casualties back to the camp, and arrange to bring them back to the states.  The Chaplin offered to pray with the family, but Alfred refused.  The notification officer told her parents that his body was being flown home and should arrive in three days.  They handed an envelope to Alfred.  The notification officer told Alfred the envelope contained information about which airport the plane would land at, and the approximate time.  He said it also contained information regarding Veterans benefits.  Alfred did not say anything. He looked at the envelope then at the officers.  The Chaplin asked if there was anything they could do for us. Alfred told them no, that his family needed to be alone. He walked to the door, opened it for them, and shut it when they walked out.  Caroline was still on the floor, rocking herself back and forth, saying Thomas’s name.  
Jacequeline had grown up in a close family.  They were not wealthy, nor were they poor. They were a working class family.  Thomas was two years older than Jacequeline.  Thomas had been drafted for the Army a few months after he turned 18.  The family had hoped that because he was the only son that he would be able to avoid the draft.  He did not have any immediate family members that had been killed in service, so when his number was pulled he had no grounds for protest.  He had been deployed for almost a year to Vietnam, when he was killed.  Thomas and Jacequeline did not have any other siblings, their mother suffered complications after Jacequeline was born, and she had to have a hysterectomy.  
Alfred and Caroline loved both of their kids, but Thomas being the only son, seemed to be the favorite.  Her parents were old fashioned, and in their minds women had a place, and it was typically serving a man.  She grew up in a close family. They lived comfortably, but modestly.  The house Jacequeline grew up in was a two story home that looked very similar to all the other homes on her street.  It had front steps, and a covered porch that went the length of the front.  The red brick home had little in the way of a front yard, and a narrow back yard.  It was equipped with an attic as well as a basement.  Blairsville was a blue collar working town, with about 4000 people.  Most of her friend’s parents either commuted to the steel mills, like her father, or worked for the railroad.
The days that followed the notification were extremely hard.  Jacequeline did the best she could to help her family.  She had taken up doing all the housework and cooking.  Caroline would not come out of her room. She seemed to have mentally shut down.  Alfred was not doing much better.  He seemed to just move through his day on auto pilot.  Three days after the notification, the family met the plane that was delivering Thomas home. They watched as servicemen carried the flag draped casket from the plane, and load it to a waiting car.  Alfred had made the arrangements for the funeral by himself. Caroline was in no shape to help. The pastor from the Lutheran Church that Jacequeline had grown up attending with her parents led the funeral service.  
The sky was overcast, and sprinkling rain, on the day Thomas was laid to rest.  The family gathered around the casket at the cemetery, as the pastor talked about Thomas’s life, and how he had been taken too soon.  Jacequeline was surprised by how many people were in attendance at his funeral.  It looked like half the town had come to pay their respects.  This was not the first military funeral she had been to, in fact it wasn’t even the first she had been to this year.  Too many young men from Blairsville had died fighting in this war. Each time one was laid to rest, most of the town came to pay their respects.  Nearly everyone in town knew each other. Most had grown up there, and many had died there.  Each loss was hard for the families, and the town pulled together to help one another.  Jacequeline watched them fold a US flag into a triangle, and present it to her mother.   
Caroline could barely contain her grief during the funeral.  Since the day of the notification, she had barely come out of her room.  Jacequeline had been bringing her trays of food, hoping she would eat.  But when she would return later to remove it, the food would barely be touched.  Alfred was not doing much better.  He would function and go about his day, but he didn’t really seem to notice what was going on around him.  
Jacequeline turned 18 a month after her brother’s funeral. Her parents seemed to have forgotten.  No parties were planned, and no gifts were given.  Jacequeline did not want to be a burden, so she let it pass without any reminders.  Jacequeline had begun to feel somewhat invisible within her own family.  Before Thomas’s death, if she wanted to go out with friends, her parents would want to know where, with whom, and how long she would be gone.  They were extremely over protective.  Her father often told her, that she was too pretty for her own good.  She was tall, and had her father’s dark hair, but her mother’s fair skin, and deep green eyes.  Only recently had the rest of her body filled out and caught up with her height.  After Thomas’s death, she would come and go from the house, and they either did not notice or did not care, because they never asked any questions.  
Life seemed to have come to a stop with her parents.  They quit socializing.  They quit attending church services.  Caroline was very active with her church before Thomas’s death.  The church performed good works to please God, and to help people.  Caroline was a devout member of the church and threw herself and her time fully into her role for the church.  She often got Jacequeline involved with different projects.  Alfred was a devout member of the church as well.  Because he worked, he did not get involved with as many activities as Caroline, but his belief was strong.  Thomas’s death changed that.  Caroline seemed to lose touch with time, and reality, but Alfred seemed to lose faith.  He no longer attended services, and Caroline did not seem to even know what day it was.   Church was something Jacequeline grew up doing. It was expected, just like attending school. But when her parents stopped going to services, she stopped going as well.  The pastor came by several times asking Alfred if his family would be attending services. At first, Alfred made excuses, but finally he told the pastor that he had lost faith and they would not be back.  The pastor tried to talk to Alfred about Thomas’s death, and God’s plan, but Alfred shut the door in his face.  That was the last time he came to the house. 

May – 1967



Graduation was fast approaching. The kids at school were discussing summer plans.  Jacqueline’s best friend Audrey came to school one morning so excited she looked like she would bust.  Audrey Parker had been Jacequeline’s best friend since elementary school.  Audrey was considerably shorter than Jacequeline and she had wavy dark red hair.  Jacequeline could nearly stand behind Audrey and look over her head. Often times, when they would be sharing a mirror to get ready, she would.  
Audrey told Jacequeline, that her cousin Brenda had gotten her a summer job at a resort near the Poconos.  She said it was a small resort community, with the Inn, a golf course, country club, and lake. She said the entire area was desperate for summer staff.  She also said that with so many young people serving in the war, many places were short staffed for the summer.  She rattled on about how they had employee housing built near the resort property hoping to bring in staff from other areas, by offering them free room and board.  She said Brenda gave her a contact number, and when she called, they hired her right over the phone.  Jacequeline asked what her parents thought about her leaving home for the summer.  Audrey said at first, they weren’t thrilled, but when she told them Brenda was going to be there, they relented and agreed to let her go.  
Audrey said Brenda was a few years older and was in her second year of college.  Brenda had told her, that she had worked there the summer before, and she really liked it.  Jacequeline asked Audrey for the number to the company.  Audrey told her it would be so great if they could go together.  She said Brenda was coming to her graduation. They plan to leave for the Inn a few days later.  She asked Audrey if she thought Brenda would let her ride along, if she got a job there too.  Audrey said she would check with Brenda, but she didn’t think it would be a problem.  
When Jacequeline got home from school, she checked on her mother.  Caroline was sitting in a rocking chair in her bedroom looking out the window, humming to herself.  Jacequeline told her hello.  Caroline did not acknowledge her at all.  Jacequeline shut the door to her mother’s room.  I have got to get out of this house, she told herself.  She went into the kitchen and picked up the telephone.  She luckily found the line to be free.  She dialed for operator assistance to help her place a long distance call. She provided the number she had gotten from Audrey. The operator told her to hold the line while she connected the call.  A female voice answered and announced The Inn at Buck Hill Falls.  Jacequeline asked for Mr. Ballen.  A male voice answered a couple of minutes later, and identified himself as Samuel Ballen.  She told them she was an acquaintance of Brenda Parker, and was interested in summer employment at the resort.  Samuel’s voice perked up.  He asked her how old she was, if she had finished high school yet, and a few other questions.  They talked for a few more minutes.  He told her he liked what he heard and thought she would be a good fit for the Inn.  
She asked about the employee housing. She told him she did not live in the area.  Just then, their call was interrupted when a neighbor picked up the party line, and asked if the line was clear.  Jacequeline recognized the neighbor’s voice and told her she would clear the line in a few minutes.  She apologized to Mr. Ballen for the interruption, and asked him to continue.  He told her the employees would be assigned to share small cottages located between the Inn and the country club.  He said typically he would put 3-4 in each cottage.  He also said cottage mates would be of the same gender.  She requested the same cabin as Audrey and Brenda, and he told her that would be fine. She heard someone sneeze into the phone while Mr. Ballen was talking. She realized her nosy neighbor had not hung up the phone.  She tried to ignore the fact that her conversation was being listened to by Mrs. Dietz, and thanked Mr. Ballen for his time.  
When she hung up the phone with Mr. Ballen, she cursed party lines.  She waited a couple of minutes, picked the receiver back up. When she heard Mrs. Dietz talking, Jacequeline interrupted and asked if the line was clear.  Mrs. Dietz told her she would have it clear in a few minutes.  Jacequeline told her she WILL hang up, and not be rude like some people and listen in.  She waited about 15 minutes and checked to see if the line was clear, then she called Audrey.  She told Audrey she got the job. She asked her to make sure Brenda was okay with her hitching a ride with them to Buck Hill Falls. 
When Jacequeline’s father got home from work that evening, Jacequeline had his dinner prepared.  She sat his plate down at his usual place at the dining table.  She had already carried her mother a tray, but she doubted Caroline had even touched it.  She sat across the table from him as he silently shoveled food into his mouth.  “Father, I graduate from school in a few weeks.” she told him.  He nodded, not looking up.  “I got a summer job working at a resort near the Poconos.  My friend Audrey and her cousin Brenda are employees, and they helped me get a job there,” she continued. She rushed to explain the job was not local, and she would be spending the summer staying there. He looked up at her, and did not say anything. He looked back down at his plate and continued eating.  
Ever since Thomas died, this is how it had been.  She felt invisible to her family.  She wondered if they would have rather she died, instead of Thomas.  “How will you get there?” he asked suddenly.  The question surprised Jacequeline.  Jacequeline explained that Brenda was older, and it was her second year to work at the Inn, and she had agreed to drive them.  She went on to tell him that she would be sharing a cottage with Audrey and Brenda at the resort.  He did not say anything else, just nodded.  She had to get out of this house, she thought for the second time that evening.
The next day at school, she told Audrey that her father had given his blessing for her to go.  Audrey said Brenda was fine with her riding with them.  The girls both squealed with excitement.  This would be Jacequeline’s first real adventure, and the first time she had been away from home without her parents for any length of time.  
On graduation day, Jacequeline rode to the school auditorium with the Parker’s.  It was a Friday, and her father would not be off work until just before the ceremony started.  So she asked Audrey if she could get ready at her house, and ride to the school with them.  Also, she wasn’t absolutely sure she could count on either of her parent’s to take her.  
Before handing out diploma’s, the principal read out the names of the three young men that had not graduated with her class, because they had either dropped out and had been drafted or they enlisted in the military.  One of the boy’s had also lost his life in the war.  The principal asked his mother to come on stage.  She was presented with a red rose. That made her think of Thomas, and how much she missed him.  And how much had changed in her life since his death.
  When Jacequeline’s name was called to accept her diploma, she stood and climbed the three steps to the stage.  As she crossed the stage, she looked out into the crowd. She saw her father entering the auditorium.  He was late, but he was here.  He was alone, Caroline had not come with him.  She walked across the stage, shook the principal’s hand, and received her diploma.  Her eyes met her father’s, and she smiled. He gave her a weak smile in return.  When the ceremony was over, she walked over to him and showed him her diploma.  He hugged her, and told her he was proud.  He told her he was sorry he had been so distant lately. He said that Thomas’s death had hit him hard, but he wanted her to know he loved her.  He had no idea how much she needed to hear that.  She asked why her mother had not come.  He told her that Caroline was not feeling well, but she wanted Jacequeline to know she loved her too.  That was the first time she ever knew of her father lying to her.  She knew Caroline had not said anything. Caroline probably did not even realize Jacequeline graduated today, but she appreciated her father trying to cover for her mom.
He asked her if she was going to ride home with Audrey. She asked if she could spend the night with Audrey.  He said that was fine, he kissed her forehead and he left.  Jacequeline found the Parker’s gathered together snapping pictures.  She felt a bit like an outsider intruding on a family event.  Audrey grabbed her, and slung her arm around Jacequeline’s shoulder. She asked her father to take a picture of them together.  A slender, tan, very pretty, blonde walked up to the group.  “Oh Jackie, this is my cousin Brenda.” Audrey said.  She grabbed Brenda, and put her other arm around her. She asked her dad to take a picture of all three of them.  
Brenda was about the same height as Jacequeline, but seemed to be better proportioned.  Jacequeline always felt like her body was not put together right.  She had always felt awkward, too tall, too skinny, and kind of built like a boy.  It took until she was nearly 18 to start filling out, a late bloomer, her mother had said.   She was often told she was pretty, and luckily she did not suffer acne like Audrey had. But being tall, and flat, with no curves, and not even really needing a bra until late in her senior year, had left her feeling pretty insecure.  Brenda on the other hand, appeared very confident with her appearance.  She had long, straight, blond hair, and big blue eyes.  She wore quite a bit of makeup, and had thick dark eye lashes.  She seemed to enjoy being noticed walking across the room, while Jacequeline had always tried to blend in.  
When pictures were done, they went back to the Parker residence.  The three of them were going to share Audrey’s room.  They made pallets with blankets on the floor.  They had all changed into their pajamas and were talking when Brenda peeled off her eyelashes and laid them on the table.  Jacequeline just stared at them.  Jacequeline told her that she had been jealous of how thick and long her eyelashes were, and was surprised they were false.  Brenda told her that most of the girls at college wore false eyelashes.  She told them they can be bought at most drug stores. Jacequeline did not wear much makeup.  Her mom rarely wore cosmetics, and would not buy any for her.  She would sometimes borrow some from Audrey and put it on lightly at school.  She would wash it off before she went home. 
They stayed up late listening to Brenda share fashion trends, tales of college, and stories of her last summer working at the Inn.  Brenda put makeup on both of the girls, and Jacequeline was surprised when she looked at herself in the mirror.  She looked much more grown up, she thought.  Brenda showed Audrey how to apply foundation to hide her acne, and the results were remarkable.  Brenda told them that they should leave out on Sunday, so that they could get settled in before employee orientation on Monday morning.  Jacequeline was so excited she could barely sleep that night.  
The next morning Mrs. Parker dropped her off at home.  Jacequeline went down to the basement and located a suitcase to start packing.  She carried it up the steps into the kitchen.  Her father came into the room when he heard the commotion.  He asked what she was doing. She asked him if she could use the suitcase to pack for her trip.  “Trip?” he asked.  She reminded him they had discussed the summer job a few weeks earlier.  He ran his fingers through his graying dark hair.  “When are you supposed to leave?” he asked.  She told him that Brenda and Audrey were picking her up on Sunday.  
She could see that he did not want her to go.  He had finally snapped out of the depression he had been in since Thomas had died.  And with her gone, that would leave him with just her mom.  Caroline had not gotten any better.  She still spent most of her days in her room, looking out of the window.  She had lost weight and Jacequeline feared her health was deteriorating.  Jacequeline asked her dad to sit down so they could talk.  She told him she was worried about her mother.  It had been nearly three months since Thomas died, and Caroline’s mental state had only gotten worse.  She would barely eat and spent nearly all her time in her room.  Jacequeline asked her father if he would talk to a doctor about Caroline, and see if he could get her some help.  Alfred nodded in agreement.  Jacequeline hugged him, and she told him she would be back by Labor Day.  He reached for his wallet and handed her some cash to hold her over until she got her first paycheck.  She hugged his neck again.  
She spent the day packing for her trip.  She was so excited.  She talked to Audrey on the phone several times, comparing notes on what they should bring with them.  That evening, Jacequeline made dinner for her parents, like she usually did.  She made Caroline a tray and carried it to her room.  She set the tray down on the bed side table, just like always. Jacequeline sat down on her mother’s bed and looked at her mom.  Caroline was sitting in the old rocking chair that Alfred had made for her when she found out she was pregnant with Thomas.  When Thomas died Alfred brought it up from the basement for her.  When Caroline was not in bed, she would be in that chair, rocking, and staring out the window like she was waiting for someone.  Jacequeline told her that she would be leaving the next day and would be gone for a few months.  Caroline did not say anything.  She continued to stare out the window.  “Mom, I am worried about you, I have already lost my brother, and I don’t want to lose you too.” Jacequeline said with her voice trembling.   Tears begin to roll down Caroline’s cheeks, but she never turned away from the window.  
Jacequeline got up to leave the room and she saw her dad standing in the doorway.  He turned and went down the short hall to the stairs and descended to the living room.  Jacequeline followed him.  He promised her that he would call the doctor Monday, and see what can be done to help Caroline.  Jacequeline left the phone number and address of the resort on the notepad by the phone.  She asked him to let her know how Caroline was doing.  He promised he would.  She slept better that night than she had in a long time.  It was the first time in months she could see light at the end of a very dark tunnel.  
The next morning she gathered her belongings and set them by the front door.  She put coffee on, and started breakfast for her family.  She was turning bacon in the pan, when she heard her father coming down the stairs.  She looked up and saw he was holding on to her mother’s arm and leading her into the kitchen.  He helped her into a chair at the kitchen table, and looked up and smiled at Jacequeline.  He told Jacequeline that they were going to have breakfast together, like a family is supposed to do.  Jacequeline quickly poured her parents each a cup of coffee, and carried it to them.  Her mother still seemed distant and not really there, but being out of her room was an improvement.  They all sat down at the kitchen table, and ate the breakfast Jacequeline had prepared.  
She was clearing the table, and washing up the dishes when Brenda and Audrey arrived.  Alfred let them in, and invited them into the kitchen.  Jacequeline asked if they wanted anything to eat, before she put it all away.  They told her they had already eaten at Audrey’s house.  Alfred asked Brenda a few questions about the job, and the living accommodations at the resort.  Brenda told him that the girls would be sharing a cottage with her, and that all cabin mates were sorted by gender.  She went on to tell him that because so many young, able bodied men are serving in the war, she figured there would not be many boys on staff.  That seemed to put his mind at ease.  Brenda told the girls they should probably get on the road. They had a long drive ahead of them.  Jacequeline went around the table to her parents, and hugged them both.  She told her father she would call collect this evening, to let him know she had arrived.  He told her to call at least once a week if she could.  
Jacequeline’s father helped her carry her bags out to Brenda’s car.  She drove a shiny red Mustang.  She opened the trunk and Alfred placed Jacequeline’s bag inside with the others.  He hugged Jacequeline and told her to be good.  She smiled and kissed his cheek.  She told him to take care of her mother, and he promised he would.  She went to the passenger door, opened it and crawled into the back.  Audrey was riding in the front passenger seat, while Brenda drove.  Jacequeline told her that since she was shorter she should have been the one to ride in the back seat.  Audrey only laughed in response.  Jacequeline told Brenda that her car was very pretty.  Brenda told her it was a graduation present from her parents when she finished high school.  
Audrey went on to tell Jacequeline that Brenda was an only child, so her parent’s spoiled her.  Brenda said that after she was born, her mother had a couple of miscarriages.  She went to a doctor, that gave her a drug called DES to stop the miscarriages, but it only messed up her up even more. She said the drug made it so she couldn’t have any more kids.  Audrey said that Brenda’s parents were so grateful to have one child that they gave her anything she wanted. Jacequeline asked what year the Mustang was and Brenda told her it was a 64 and a ½.  Jacequeline was not very familiar with cars, but this was the first time she had ever heard of one having a ½ year.  
The drive was long. It took over five hours to get there. But with the three of them talking the entire time, it wasn’t bad.  They had stopped a couple of times for fuel and food.  As they got closer to Buck Hill Falls, the landscape changed, mountains, hills, thick tall trees, and lakes were all around.    Brenda drove through a small community and turned onto a road off of the main highway.  She followed the side road for a couple of miles.  They approached a private drive with an entrance sign for the Inn at Buck Hill Falls.  Brenda turned on to the road and followed it to a parking lot and a very large nice building.  It was several floors tall, and spread out in a few directions across the grounds.  The exterior was brown stone.  The grounds were neatly manicured, and from the lot you could just see the lake down the hill.  Brenda told them they needed to go inside to check in, and then they would go over to the cottages to unpack.  
The girls got out of the car, and followed Brenda to a service entrance on the side of the building.  Inside, they followed Brenda down a long hall.  The walls were trimmed with dark wood that matched the hardwood floors.  They turned down a smaller hall and arrived at an office.  They walked in the office and a middle age woman was sitting behind a desk typing on a typewriter.  She stopped when she saw them.  Brenda introduced them all. She told the woman they were summer employees, and asked where they should check in.  The woman’s name was Margaret, or at least that’s what the name plate on her desk said.  She did not appear to be real friendly.  
She told the girls that employee orientation was Monday morning, and advised them not to be late. She pulled open a drawer, and thumbed through a row of envelopes.  She seemed to find the one she was looking for, and pulled it out.  She laid it on her desk. Jacequeline noticed it had all their names on it, along with one other. She opened the envelope and pulled out several key rings, with keys and tags hanging on them.  Margaret informed them that they will be staying in cottage six.  She handed each of them a key. Margaret told them not to lose their key, or a dollar would be deducted from their pay to replace it.   Margaret informed them that the main kitchen would supply them with meals.  They could either dine in the employee break room next to the kitchen, or take food back to the cottages.  She gave Brenda directions to the cottages.  
The girls made their way out of the Inn, and back to Brenda’s car.  She pulled out of the parking area and traveled back the way she had come. She turned right when she saw the small paved road, and just a short way down she turned right again on to a gravel road.  She pulled up the gravel road slowly, and the girls could see the cottages as they climbed the hill.  The road dead-ended when they reached the cottages.  It was basically a cul-de-sac of small cottages.  In Jacequeline’s mind, she had been picturing log cabins.  These were more like small frame buildings with white wood siding.  Brenda pulled up to the side of number six and killed her engine.  She opened the trunk and the girls grabbed their bags.  They climbed the steps of the porch.  Audrey used her key to open the front door.  The furniture still had dust cloths draped over most of it.  A linen bag was sitting inside the front door, with a note that said fresh linens, attached to it.  
The cottage was basically one big room, with a bathroom.  When you entered the front door, just to the right was an old sofa and chair, along with a small coffee table situated in the center of the main room.  The cottage had two sets of metal bunk beds on both exterior walls to the right and to the left of the sofa.  Behind the sofa was a small kitchen area. It was equipped with a metal sink cabinet.  On one side of the sink cabinet was an old refrigerator, and on the other side a cook stove. On the short side wall of the kitchen, was a tall kitchen cabinet.  The wall behind the kitchen cabinet was the only interior wall in the entire cottage.  On the other side of the wall, was the bathroom.  The doorway to the bathroom faced out to the metal bunk bed closest to the front door.   
Jacequeline walked into the kitchen to check it all out.  She looked over the cabinet.  Her mother had a similar one at home. The top of the cabinet had two doors that opened up and revealed a few plates, a small door under that that flipped down and revealed coffee cups.   There was a big door in the middle that folded down. It appeared to make into a small table.  Jacequeline looked around and spotted some stools and figured this must be used for a table.  The bottom of the cabinet had two more doors that opened up. She wandered into the bathroom. It was equipped with a small pink pedestal sink, a pink toilet, and a pink bathtub.  The entire room was covered in small white glossy tile.  “This place is fancy for employee housing.” Jacequeline stated when she came out of the bathroom.
Brenda told her that the club’s clientele were the elite, and this place was built with the best in mind. She said last year a maintenance man for the Inn told her that most of the interior was new, along with some of the furnishings, like the bunk beds. He had told her that some of the furnishings had been handed down from the Inn when they upgraded.  She pointed to the sofa and chairs.  “He told me that the main lobby got new couches and chairs a couple of years ago, and a lot of the cottages got the old ones.” She told them.   She said the cottages were constructed just a couple of years earlier to help lure staff from other areas.  
Brenda said she was going to go up to the Inn to get them some dinner from the kitchen.  She went out the front door and they heard her car start up and pull away.  Jacequeline and Audrey started uncovering the furniture and putting linens on the beds.  “I wonder how many butts have sat on this sofa,” Audrey mused aloud, as the pulled the dustcover off of it. “It’s probably better we don’t think that much into it.” Jacequeline told her smiling.  Audrey leaned down and smelled the cushions.  “What are you doing?” Jacequeline asked her.  “Seeing if it smells like old ass or fart.” Audrey replied.  “Only you would do that, or even think of that.  And now because you have put that thought in my head, I will never be able to lie on that sofa.” Jacequeline told her while shaking her head.
Audrey wanted the bed closest to the bathroom.  For as long as Jacequeline had known Audrey, she has had a small bladder.  They must have made eight bathroom stops on the way to the Inn, at Audrey’s request. She also asked for top bunk. Jacequeline said she was fine with bottom, as long as she didn’t get woke up several times a night, from Audrey climbing down to go to the bathroom.  Audrey laughed. “You know me so well,” she said.  
Jacequeline dusted and cleaned up the kitchen area while Audrey cleaned the bathroom.  They had just finished unpacking, when Brenda returned with several brown paper sacks of groceries.  She said the kitchen staff loaded her up with things to bring back to the cottage.  She unloaded some cold cuts wrapped in butcher paper, along with bread, a few packets of Tang, and sugar.  Audrey took the drink mix and dug around in the cabinet until she found a picture to mix up the drink.  She also found some metal ice trays and filled them with water and placed them in the freezer.  Jacequeline made them up some sandwiches, while Brenda unpacked.  
Jacequeline placed a plate of sandwiches on the drop down cabinet door and told them to help themselves.  Brenda grabbed a sandwich and plopped down on the sofa.  She asked Audrey to turn the radio on and see if they could pick up any music.  Audrey turned it on and twisted the dial until they found a station playing I’m a Believer, and she started dancing around the room.  
Their dance party was interrupted by the front door opening and a girl with a scarf tied around her hair, coming in carrying her suitcase.  She appeared to be closer to Brenda’s age, maybe even a little older.  She introduced herself as Gloria Baker and the others went around and introduced themselves.  Audrey told Gloria, that she and Jacequeline had already chosen the bed closest to the bathroom, so that left the other bunk bed for her and Brenda to sort out.  Gloria asked Brenda if she preferred top or bottom, and Brenda said she really didn’t care.  Gloria took her suitcase over and put it by the bed.  She pulled off the scarf she had tied around her head.  She was taller than Audrey, but not as tall as Brenda or Jacequeline.  Her hair was brown, short, and curly.  She was curvier than the rest of the others, especially in the chest area.  She might have been shorter than Jacequeline or Brenda, but she had them beat in bra size.  Jacequeline asked her if she would like something to drink.  Gloria said she would love something to drink.  
She told them she had gotten dropped off at the Inn, and had to walk over to the cottages carrying her luggage.  Jacequeline checked the ice trays to see if they had frozen yet.  She took one out and found a bowl to dump ice into.  She pulled the metal handle on the tray, to get the ice to break free, and dumped the cubes in a bowl.  She handed the bowl and a glass to Gloria, and got the Tang out of the refrigerator.  Gloria poured her a glass, drank it down, and poured another.  
Jacequeline asked Gloria if this was her first year to work at the Inn, and she said it was.  Gloria told them that the previous summer she had worked at a resort further south.  “Oh no, I forgot to call my dad when we arrived.  Brenda could you please take me back over to the Inn so I could use a phone?” Jacequeline asked her.  When they arrived, Brenda led her to the main lobby.  The place was huge.  There were several sitting areas with leather sofas and chairs for guests.  The concierge desk was a big wooden counter with a marble top.  The place was very modern and beautiful.  A small enclave off the lobby held several wooden phone booths.  Jacequeline crawled into one of them and had the operator assist her with a call home.    
Alfred answered on the third ring.  She told him that she had arrived safely, and had gotten all settled into the cottage.  He asked her if she had gotten plenty to eat, and she told him she had.  He told her to be careful and to call in a few days.  The girls returned to the cottage, Jacequeline told them she was getting tired.  She took a bath and turned in for the night. The rest of her roomies soon followed.  Brenda out the alarm clock she had packed, and set it before turning in.  
Jacequeline awoke before the alarm. Probably being in an unfamiliar environment, or maybe just the excitement of it all, she had gotten up several times through the night.   She stretched and got up.  The rest of the girls were still asleep.  Audrey was snoring.  Jacequeline smiled, she had stayed the night with Audrey enough times, that her snoring no longer bothered Jacequeline.  She grabbed the skirt and top she was planning to wear, and went into the bathroom to change.  She brushed her teeth, washed her face, and applied a little makeup.  She fixed her hair, and put one of the wide headbands she had brought, on top of her head.
She came out of the bathroom and opened the front door.  She stepped out on the porch and saw a girl walking past her cabin with a bottle of soda in her hand.  Jacequeline asked her if there was a vending machine nearby.  The girl pointed to a small building near the entrance of the cul-de-sac.  Jacequeline hurried inside and found her change purse.  She went out the door, down the steps, and made her way to the small building.  She opened the wood front door and inside she found a Coca-Cola vending machine, and two washing machines.  They were older machines, but at least they had a way to wash clothes. There were no clothes dryers, and she wondered how they were supposed to dry their wet clothes.  She went over to the vending machine and placed her dime into the coin slot.  She opened the door on the left side and pulled her bottle from the slot.  She used the cap opener on the machine to open the bottle.  She noticed a wooden crate in the floor half full with empty glass soda bottles.  Jacequeline walked back up to the cottage.  She had not noticed before, but there were clothes lines next to each cottage.  A few of them already had the dust cloths hanging from them.  Jacequeline made a mental note to wash theirs later.  She walked up the porch steps to the cottage, and opened the front door.  The rest of her cabin mates were up, and taking turns in the bathroom.  Audrey said she wondered where Jacequeline had wondered off to.  “I should have known you went in search of a Coke.” She said.  Jacequeline told them she found the laundry hut and it contained a vending machine.  “Yeah, I forgot to mention that yesterday when we arrived.” Brenda told them.  
The girls all got ready for their orientation and loaded up in Brenda’s car.  They arrived at the Inn just before eight.  Their meeting was in one of the larger conference rooms.  The room was crowded with several new employees. A gentleman approached Brenda and pulled her aside.  When she returned, she told the girls he had appointed her a shift leader, because she had worked there the summer before.  She said she asked that all of them be assigned as waitresses in the main restaurant.  And she requested they work the same schedule as her, so they could ride together. Brenda told them they would make forty seven cents an hour, plus tips.  She was going to make a few cents more an hour because she was a shift leader.  
The new employees were divided up by job duties.  Managers from the different departments took their new prospects off in different directions for a tour of the facility, and training for their jobs.  Jacequeline was impressed with the Inn.  The place was huge, and all the décor was new and expensive.  As the training concluded, they were each given uniforms along with shift schedules for the next couple of weeks. The restaurant manager told them they were dismissed for the day, but to make sure they looked over their employee handbooks.  Brenda had to stay behind for a few minutes, because she was a shift leader and had to talk with the restaurant manager.  The other three went outside and waited by her car.  Gloria lit up a cigarette.  Audrey asked if she could try one.  Audrey had never smoked before and neither had Jacequeline.  Audrey lit the end and inhaled and began coughing and gagged.  Gloria started laughing.  She told Audrey she sucked it too hard.  Audrey tried again and this time she did not choke or cough.  She let a cloud of smoke out of her mouth.  She offered Jacequeline a drag, and Jacequeline told her no thanks.  Brenda joined them a couple of minutes later, and told Audrey and Gloria not to even think about getting in her car with a cigarette.  
The girls returned to their cottage and hung their uniforms in the closets.  Brenda suggested they drive into town to go to the market and pick up some supplies.   They pooled their money together to buy laundry detergent and some other items they needed.  They discussed getting a little food to keep in the cottage so that they would not have to run back and forth to the Inn for every single meal.  Brenda pulled up in front of a small market.  The girls went inside and gathered the items they had discussed.  After they left, Brenda drove through the town giving her roommates a tour some of the local stops.  She pointed out the drive-in theater and a diner.  Brenda told them just to the outskirts of town was the waterfall the town was named after.
When they got back to the cottage, Jacequeline made lunch, while the others put the groceries away.  The girls ate their lunch and looked over their schedules.  They were scheduled to work the next morning.  Brenda told them that early mornings were generally slow, but mid-morning through lunch, the restaurant stays pretty busy. Brenda dug an iron out of her luggage, and set up a towel on the cabinet to press her uniform.  She had brought a metal starch sprinkler with her, and asked Jacequeline if she still had the empty soda bottle from that morning.  Jacequeline retrieved the bottle and helped her mix up some starch.  They poured it into the bottle and corked it with the sprinkler.  When Brenda had finished, Jacequeline asked if she could use the iron, to press her uniforms.  She laid the dress across the towel, sprinkled it with starch, and ran the hot iron across it.  She continued the procedure until she had ironed all three of her uniforms and returned them to her closet.  
While Audrey was ironing her uniforms, Gloria and Jacequeline carried the dust covers down to the laundry hut.   They found a metal tub near their cabin, and washed it out to use for a laundry basket.  They started a load of wash, and helped themselves to a soda before heading back to the cabin.  Brenda was in the bath when they returned, and Audrey had just finished ironing her uniforms.  Gloria started to work on her uniforms, while the other two kicked back on the sofa and listened to the radio.  A half hour later, Audrey walked down to the hut to help Jacequeline retrieve the wet dust covers and start another load.  They carried the wet ones up to their clothes line and hung them to dry.  They repeated the process a little while later for the last load of wet clothes.  Jacequeline was already tired, and when the last load was hung to dry, she was ready to call it a night.  She kicked back in the bath and thought how lucky she had been, that their father had bought them an automatic washer and dryer.  Lugging tubs of wet dust cloths up a hill to hang on the line was not something she wanted to do every day. When she came out of the bathroom dressed in her gown, she told the others she was turning in. She crawled on her bunk covered her head and went to sleep. 
The next morning, just like the morning before, she awoke before the others.  She went outside and gathered the dry dust covers and brought them in.  She piled them on the sofa and made fast work of folding them.  She placed them on the shelf in the closet and got her uniform out to change.  She put her make up on, fixed her hair, and dressed in her uniform. She inspected herself in the mirror.  She chose a black wide headband to wear with her gray uniform dress.  She heard the alarm going off and came out of the bathroom.  Brenda and Audrey raced for the bathroom.  Audrey beat her because their bed was closer to the bathroom.  
Jacequeline was nervous for their first day at work, and she hoped she did not screw anything up.  The girls all got ready, and loaded up in Brenda’s car and made their way to the Inn.  Brenda gave them all a station in the main restaurant, with several tables each.  She said she was going to work the entire room and help them all when they needed it.  She handed them all a ticket book and a couple of pens.  She told them to make sure to smile and write down orders accurately.  After a few minutes the hostess seated a couple in Jacequeline’s station.  
She went over and asked them if they would like to start out with coffee.  The lady ordered a mimosa and the gentleman ordered coffee with sugar.  She returned to Brenda and asked about a mimosa. Brenda told her that the bartender would make the mimosa while she got the coffee.  Jacequeline did not know that people liked champagne for breakfast, especially mixed with juice.  She carried the drinks back to the table and asked them if they were ready to order.  She took their orders and turned them in at the kitchen.  She looked around and saw that Audrey had a couple of tables of her own and Brenda was helping her with them.  When she returned to the kitchen she ran into Gloria turning in a food order for a table she had.  All of them seemed to be getting the hang of the job without too many problems.  
    The morning turned into afternoon and the restaurant got busier, just as Brenda had promised.  As the lunch crowd started to thin out the hostess set a party of three in her section.  An older couple and a younger man were sitting at a small table near the big windows overlooking the lake.  The young man was extremely handsome.  Dressed preppy with slacks and a button up shirt, his dark hair cut short and swept to the side.  Jacequeline was immediately taken by his good looks.  She approached the table and took their drink orders and he smiled at her when he told her what he wanted.  When he smiled his cheeks had the cutest dimples.  His teeth were white and perfectly straight.  He looked like he could have been a catalog model.  The older couple he sat with did not even look up at her, when they ordered.  She hurried away to get their drink orders.
When she returned, the handsome young man was having a disagreement with the older gentleman.
Jacequeline determined the older man must be his father.  The older gentleman called the young man by the name of Evan, and was telling him it was absurd for him join the Navy.  Jacequeline sat their drinks on the table, feeling bad about hearing such a private matter.  She quickly left the drinks, and hurried from the table.  Brenda asked if she had taken their food order.  Jacequeline said she had not because they were in the middle of a heated discussion and she didn’t want to interrupt.  Brenda told her to go back to the table and see if they were ready to order.  
As she approached the table, the older man told Evan that he had just taken his Bar exam, and now plans to throw it all away to go fight a war half a world away.  Evan pleaded with his father to understand, that he felt it was something he had to do.  He said most every able bodied man his age had either been drafted or had enlisted on their own, and he felt it was his duty.  The woman appeared to become upset, and the older man told him that now he has upset his mother, and they would continue this conversation later.  The older couple stood up from the table and the man nearly ran into Jacequeline.  She asked if they were going to be staying for lunch and he said no.  He told her to bill the drinks to his account.  She asked his name and he told her it was Henry Roberts.  He and his wife left.  Evan was still sitting at the table.  The restaurant was nearly empty and the clock on the wall said ten minutes until two.  Jacequeline was due to get off at two.  
She approached Evan and asked if she could get him anything.  He mumbled something about more understanding parents.  He looked up at her then, and smiled, showing those dimples again.  She told him, she knew it is none of her business, but she could not help but hear parts of their conversation, and she was sure they are just worried for his safety.  Evan smiled a little wider at her.  He looked at her name tag.  “Jacequeline, my name is Evan,” he said to her.  He asked what time her shift ended, and she told him she would be getting off in just a few minutes.  He asked her if she wanted to go for a drive with him.  He was so handsome. She smiled and said yes.  He told her he would wait for her outside.  He got up from the table and walked out.  She hurried over to Audrey, who had been staring at them. Jacequeline told her that she was leaving with Evan Roberts after her shift to go for a drive.  
When she walked out of the resort a few minutes later, he was leaned up against a sleek sports car.  It was a dark blue convertible.  She asked what kind it was and he told her it was a Maserati.  He opened the passenger door for her and she slid into the seat.  He went around and got in to the driver’s seat.  She saw the other girls loading into Brenda’s car, as she pulled away.  They waved to her, as her and Evan pulled away from the Inn.  As they drove, he told Jacequeline that his parent’s did not know, but he had already spoken with a recruiter, and signed papers the day before.   He told her that he would be leaving in less than a month.   
He drove to a deserted area and parked.  He got out and opened her door.  He held out his hand to help her out of the car. He told her he wanted to show her something and asked her to follow him.  He led her down a path.  She could hear rushing water in the distance.  When they entered a clearing, they were looking at a waterfall.  Jacequeline asked if it was the one the town was named for, and Evan told her it was.  They sat down on a nearby rock and continued to talk.  Jacequeline told him about her brother, and the others her that had been lost from her town.  She told him it was scary, and a lot of them had been drafted to go.  She asked him why would want to volunteer to face that danger.  Evan told her that he had friends that had gone to fight, and he felt like it was his duty.  He told her that during college he had been given a waiver from the draft because he was still in college.  He said his father pulled strings to keep him from being called up after finishing his undergraduate, and immediately sent him to graduate school.  He said he appreciated his father pulling strings, and allowing him enough time to finish graduate school, but deep down it never felt right. He did not think that wealth and power should mean his life was more valuable than that of her brother or others like him.  As honorable as Evan’s words were, Jacequeline realized that wealth and power did make that distinction.  Evan gets to choose his path, and Thomas did not.  
Jacequeline thought about home.  Nearly her entire town was blue collar working class families.  And most of the young men had gone to war.  But she realized that today, she saw several young men at the Inn.  Men from elite families that were her age or a little older and they did not look battle worn like the few she had seen return from Vietnam.  Jacequeline admired that Evan felt he needed to go and do his duty the same as anybody else. But she could not help feeling envy that her family did not have the means to allow Thomas the same privilege, to choose whether he wanted to go or not.  Her and Evan sat and talked for hours.  She asked him what he would be doing for the navy.  He told her that he had applied to Officer Candidate School, and eventually he hoped to get accepted to the Aviation Training program. He told her that he had dreamed of flying since he was very young.  
Even though they came from very different backgrounds she felt a connection to Evan that she had never felt with anybody else.  He told her that he had his own house, a gift from his parents when started law school.  He told her that he hoped she would write to him when he was away.  She promised him that she would.  He asked if he could kiss her.  She shyly nodded. When he leaned in and touched her lips with his, she felt like her heart was going to beat right out of her chest.  He told her she was beautiful, and even though she never felt like it before, he made her feel beautiful.    
Later that evening, he took her back to the cottage to drop her off.  He got out and opened her car door for her, and walked her to the cottage door.  She heard giggling from inside when he leaned in to kiss her goodbye. Her cheeks burned with embarrassment.  He asked her if he could call on her again, and she said most definitely yes.  When she went inside the girls wanted all the details.  She recounted what happened at the table with his parents, the car ride, the waterfall and the long talk.  She left out the part about being envious of the wealth and power.  She told them he kissed her a few times and how it made her heart race.  And she told them she thought she might be in love.  
The next day after her shift, Evan was waiting for her in the parking lot again.  She told the girls she had a ride and would see them later.  She hurried over to him.  He opened the passenger side door for her and helped her in.  When they left the resort, he told her that he had spoken with his father after he left her the day before.  His father told him if he joined the Navy he would be cut off from the family money, and they would disown him. Evan said his father told him, they would have nothing more to do with him.  She asked him if he really thought they would cut him off.  He said that Henry told him that he was lucky that the house and car were in his name now, or he would have taken them back too.  
Jacequeline asked him what he was going to do.  He said there was nothing he could do.  He had already signed papers for the Navy, and when he told this to his dad.  Henry told him to get out of his house. Evan was clearly upset. He told her that he did not care about the money.   He was more upset that his parents did not want anything more to do with him.  He asked her if she felt any differently about him since he was now broke. She reached across and touched his hand with hers.  She told him that he still had her, and she did not care about money.  He looked at her and smiled. 

June – 1967



From their first date, they spent every possible minute together.  They talked about everything.  She told him things she had never told anyone else, and he did the same.  She became more and more certain that she was falling in love with Evan. The thought was exciting, but also frightening. He would be leaving soon.  Eventually he would be shipped overseas to fight the same war that had taken her brother.  She wanted to enjoy every moment she had with him, but she could not help but worry about the future.  
She was finishing up her shift, and was scheduled to have the next couple of days off from work.  Evan walked in, and asked her if she would be up for a road trip with him.  Audrey was standing nearby and approached, she asked him what his intentions were with her best friend.  He smiled and said he intended to make her his wife. Jacequeline was speechless. She threw her arms around his neck, and kissed him right in the restaurant.  Luckily, there were no customers around, and Brenda coughed to get their attention before Jacequeline got into trouble.  Evan went on to say he would like to drive her back home, and ask her father for permission to marry her.  Jacequeline was so happy.  She clocked out, and told the girls she would be back in a few days.  She went to the cottage and quickly packed a few clothes in her suitcase.  Evan loaded it into his car.  
Several hours later, they pulled up to the curb in front of her parent’s home.  Her father’s car was in the drive.  She went to the door and let herself in.  She called out for her father and he came out of the kitchen.  He frowned when he saw a boy following her in.  She introduced Evan to her father.  She asked where her mother was. Albert told her that Caroline was in a mental institution getting treatment for severe depression.  That made Jacequeline sad.  She had hoped that a little more time would snap her mother out of it, like it had with her dad. Apparently, it was more serious than she thought.  She couldn’t help but think how this all started with her brother being killed in the war. What if the same fate were to happen to Evan, would she become the same empty shell her mother had?  
Evan asked Alfred if they could speak privately. Jacequeline told them she was going to go to her room and unload her bag.  She tried to listen from upstairs, but she couldn’t hear anything.  About 15 minutes went by before she heard her father call her name.  Jacequeline returned to the living room.  As she approached the two men she loved Evan got down on one knee. “With the blessing of your father, I would like to ask you to make me the happiest man on earth and agree to be my wife.” He said smiling, with those incredible dimples showing.  He apologized for not being able to get her a ring yet, but promised her he would as soon as he could.  She threw her arms around his neck and told him she wanted nothing more than to be Mrs. Roberts.  
Her father left the room for a few minutes.  When he returned, he was carrying a small box.  “These were my parent’s rings.  I had planned to pass them on to Thomas when he was old enough.” Alfred said staring at the box.  Talking about Thomas was obviously still difficult for him.  “Anyway, I would like you to have them.” Alfred continued, handing the box Jacequeline.  She lifted the lid, and Evan reached into the box and retrieved the engagement ring. He slid it onto Jacequeline’s finger.  It fit perfectly.  Jacequeline was practically glowing.  
Albert asked when they plan to wed. Evan said he would like to do it as soon as possible.  He was scheduled to leave for training in about a week.  Alfred suggested they spend the night at the house and go to the courthouse tomorrow and get their marriage license.  He said he could get Reverend Ford to come over tomorrow evening to perform the ceremony here at the house.  Evan looked at Jacequeline and asked her if she wanted to get married in her family home.  Jacequeline thought about it for a minute.  Every little girl dreams of their wedding day.  Generally they think of the dress they want to wear, they imagine the cake, the music, and having all their friends and family in attendance.  Evan must have been reading her mind.  “If you would rather have a big wedding we could plan one for when I get back from my training.” He told her.  Jacequeline looked at him.  “No, that is not what I was thinking about.  I don’t need a big fancy wedding.  I was just thinking about Audrey and the girls.  If we do it here tomorrow, the girls likely won’t be able to come.  But if we wait and do it there, then my dad might not be able to come, because my mom is in the hospital, and he will have to take leave from work.” Jacequeline said.  She decided that as much as she wished the girls could be there, she would rather have her dad.  She placed a call to the Inn and left a message for Audrey that she was home with her father, and she would be getting married the next day.  
That evening, Alfred put Evan up in Thomas’s old room.  Jacequeline slept in her room.  It felt strange having him sleep under the same roof as her.  Jacequeline was still a virgin, and until she had met Evan she had never had the feelings and urges that she had when she was around him.  The next morning, while Alfred was at work Evan and Jacequeline drove north to the county seat and visited the courthouse to get their marriage license.  Her father had arranged for their old pastor to come to the house that evening to perform the ceremony.  
When she got home, she decided that even though it was just going to be the three of them she still wanted a cake.  She started to work baking, while Evan sat at the table watching her.  Whenever she would look up at him he was just staring and smiling at her.  In a few minutes, he came over to her and wrapped his arms around her and turned her around to face him.  He kissed her.  His tongue entered her mouth.  It left her breathless, with an aching need inside of her, that she did not know existed.  He stuck his finger in the bowl of flour, ran it across her nose, and told her to get to work.  She swatted him, and he smiled at her with those dimples.  “How many times have those dimples gotten you out of trouble?” she asked him.  “Countless.” He replied smiling bigger.  “I have no doubt.” She stated, smiling in return.
She told him he should try to get ahold of his parents and ask them if they want to come to the wedding.  He picked up the phone and asked the operator to assist him with connecting a long distance call.  When his father answered the line, Evan told him that he was getting married this evening and wanted to know if they wanted to attend.  His father hung up on him.  Evan sat the receiver back onto the phone, and just looked at it.  Realizing the call did not go as he had hoped, Jacequeline came over and hugged him.  She told him that she loved him, and would for as long as she lived. Evan hugged her tightly.  She was all he had now.  
When the cakes were out of the oven and on racks cooling, Jacequeline went searching for something to wear.  She had every dress she owned pulled out of the closet and laying across her bed. Nothing seemed suitable for the occasion.  She had a knock on her bedroom door, and her father peeked in.  She asked him why he was home early, and he told her it’s not every day his baby girl gets married. He thought she might need his help since Caroline was in the hospital.  She told him she could not decide what to wear. “Maybe I can help, I’ll be right back.” He said, and disappeared from her room.  He returned with her mother’s wedding gown.  Jacequeline had seen it before, and had always thought it was beautiful.  It was white satin with capped sleeves. The bodice opened up to a wide flowing skirt at the waist.  Alfred left the room so she could try it on.  She got it on, but had a hard time getting the back buttoned without help.  She thought of her mother.  It broke her heart that Caroline was not here helping her into her wedding gown.  When she had gotten most of the back buttoned, she called out for Alfred from her bedroom door.  When he came in, she was standing in front of her long mirror.  “What do you think?” She asked him.  “You look as beautiful as you mother did when she wore the same dress.” He replied.  She asked him to help her finish buttoning the back of the dress up.
She heard some commotion coming from the living room, and somebody knocked on her bedroom door.  She asked who it was, and Audrey opened the door.  “You came!” Jacequeline squealed with delight.  Audrey told her they all came. They left the Inn as soon as they got the message.  Brenda and Gloria made their way into the room with her.  Brenda had a bouquet of flowers in her hand she had tied together with a ribbon.  We saw these along the way and we picked them for you.  Jacequeline hugged them all.  They asked if there was anything they could do to help. And she asked if they would frost the cake and get it ready.  Brenda said her and Gloria would handle it.  Alfred asked Audrey to take over buttoning the dress.  “I’m having difficulty with these delicate satin buttons.” He told her.  Audrey laughed and told him she would take care of it.  Alfred seemed relieved.  Audrey finished buttoning Jacequeline’s dress up and placed the veil on her head.  
Audrey sad down on Jacequeline’s bed and told her she could not believe she was getting married.  Jacequeline sat down next to her and asked Audrey if she thought it was a mistake.  Jacequeline told her that she loved Evan with all of her heart, but she was scared because he was leaving for the Navy.  Audrey asked her if she didn’t marry Evan would it hurt any less if something bad happened to him.  Jacequeline thought about it for a minute and smiled at her.  “This is why you are my best friend.” Jacequeline told her.   Gloria came up the stairs and told her the minister had arrived. When she was ready, they could begin.  Jacequeline asked Audrey to stand up for her and she said she would.  Alfred knocked on the door to her room and asked her if she was ready.  Audrey told her she would wait for her at the bottom of the stairs.  
Alfred came in to her room.  He looked at his little girl.  He could not help but think about when she was little. She would crawl up in his lap and ask him to read to her.  She was all grown up now standing in her room wearing her mother’s wedding gown. He was about to give his baby girl away, and the thought made him sad.  “You look so grown up, and beautiful.” Alfred told her.  Jacequeline blushed.  He came over and took her hand and asked her if this is really what she wanted.  She told him she loved Evan and she wanted to be his wife.  They heard somebody playing her mother’s piano from the living room and she told her father to lead the way.  
They made their way down the stairs to the living room. Evans face lit up when he saw Jacequeline descending the stairs. She was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen.  He wished he could have given Jacequeline an extravagant wedding, because she deserved all the finest things. But for him this small intimate ceremony was perfect.   As Jacequeline came into the living room she realized Gloria was the one playing the piano.  Brenda was shooting pictures of her with a Polaroid camera.  Evan was standing to the right of the pastor, and Audrey was waiting on the left side next to where Jacequeline was supposed to stand.  Evan did not have a best man, so he asked Alfred to do the honors.  Alfred stood behind Evan as he and Jacequeline exchanged vows in the living room of her parent’s home.  She stood there looking into the eyes of the man she loved and she was so happy.  When the minister announced they were husband and wife, Evan lifted her veil and kissed her.  Pastor Ford told them he would file the license and a copy would be mailed to their home.
Afterwards, they all went into the dining room and Jacequeline saw the cake the girls had finished for her.  It was a round cake. They had frosted with white frosting.  On the top of the cake were two red roses that looked like they had come from her mother’s rose bush.  She and Evan cut the cake and he fed her a piece.  Her father opened a bottle of wine he had brought home and they poured glasses and toasted to the happy couples long wedded bliss.  Audrey told Jacequeline that she was going to take the girls over to her parent’s house, to stay the night and they would be heading back to the Inn first thing in the next morning.  She asked Jacequeline if she would be returning to the Inn, or quitting so she can be home with her husband.  Jacequeline said she did not know yet. She said she would talk it over with Evan and she would probably see them tomorrow.  
Jacequeline went in search of her new husband and found him talking to her father.  Evan was shaking his hand and thanking him.  She walked up to them and asked Evan what was next for them.  Evan told her that her father had given them a wedding gift of some cash, and they would probably go check into a hotel for the night.  She went to her bedroom and changed out of her mother’s gown and put it back in the bag it had been in.  She returned to the living room and Evan was waiting for her.  She hugged her father and promised she would stop in to see him before she left town.  She walked out of her parent’s house holding her husband’s hand.  
He asked her if she would like to drive his car. She hesitated.  She told him that she had only driven once before.  He laughed and opened the passenger door for her.  He drove down Market Street to the hotel. Evan held her hand when they walked up to the check in desk.  He asked for a room for the night and asked if they had a honeymoon suite.  The desk clerk told them they did not, but assured him that all of the rooms were quite nice.  Evan took the room key and led Jacequeline upstairs to their room.  When they got to the room, he put the key in the lock and turned it, and when the door came open he swept her up in his arms and carried her across the threshold of the door.  He carried her over to the bed and sat her down.  He leaned down and kissed her.  When the kiss broke free he hurried back and shut the door and locked it.  
He walked back to the big double bed and began to kiss her again leaning her back onto the bed as they kissed.  His was hand moving down the side of her arm, then cupping her breast.  Jacequeline had never let anybody touch her body before.  She had to remind herself that she was his wife now, and this was ok.  He sat her up and pulled her shirt over her head and tossed it to the floor.  He reached behind her and unhooked her bra and removed it.  Her breasts were exposed and she felt embarrassed.  Evan told her that her body was beautiful, and she never had to feel ashamed or embarrassed in front of him.  He kissed her again and his lips moved to her neck then down to her left nipple.  He suckled at her breast, sending electrifying waves of pleasure through her.  Then he kissed and licked the other.  
He told her that she was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen.  He eased her skirt and her panties off.  He admired her naked body, and he kissed her again.  She could feel the bulge in his pants growing harder.  He stood, and took his shirt off.  He unbuttoned his pants and lowered the zipper.  He let the pants drop to the floor, and he removed his briefs. His erection was hard and alert.  He crawled back onto the bed, and on top of her.  He kissed her, letting his tongue invade her mouth again.  She could feel him close to her.  She felt on fire between her legs, and wetness seemed to be pouring out of her.  She spread her legs wider and he was between them.  She whispered this was her first time.  He smiled and told her he would be gentle.  He said if he did anything that hurt her, or she did not like to tell him, and he would stop.  
She felt the head of his cock as he eased inside.  She could feel some discomfort at first.  He slowly filled her completely. And with a gentle rhythm he began to move in and out as he continued to kiss her.  More than once he told her if it hurts, to tell him.  “Harder,” she moaned in a breathy voice.  He lifted up one of her legs on to his hip. His pace quickened, and she could feel something building up inside her. “Faster!” She yelled.  Evan’s pace quickened and that feeling inside her felt like it was about to erupt.  She dug her fingernails into his shoulders as she called out his name.  He felt hot wetness flow over his cock, and he could no longer hold back.  He buried himself as deep as she could take it and he met her orgasm with his own.  As they lay in the bed catching their breath, he pulled her close.  She laid her head on his chest and he ran his fingers through her hair.  “You are an exceptional woman, Jackie” he said to her.  She looked up at him and smiled.  They stayed in the room the entire night, ordering room service and making love.  Jacequeline did not think life could get any better.  
The next morning they left the hotel and went by her parent’s house to tell her father goodbye before he went to work.  Alfred told Evan to take care of his little girl, and Evan promised that he would.  On the drive back to the Inn, Jacequeline asked him if she should quit her job.  Evan asked her if she wanted to quit her job.  She told him she kind of liked working there with her friends.  He thought about it for a few minutes.  He offered a compromise.  Evan told her he would like her to be with him until he left for the Navy.  But he thought it would be good for her to have her friend's close, when he left.  Jacequeline seemed doubtful that Mr. Ballen would give her a week off.  Evan told her that Samuel Ballen and his father were old friends, and he would talk to him.  
They arrived back to the cottage. Evan dropped her off so she could gather some of her things.  He drove over to the Inn to visit with Mr. Ballen.  Jacequeline let herself into the cottage with her key.  She found the girls eating and listening to music.  Gloria reached over and shut the radio off. They eagerly gathered around her wanting all the details.  Jacequeline was gushing as she described her first night as Mrs. Roberts.  Audrey asked her if she was going to keep her job.  Jacequeline told her that Evan was over at the Inn talking with Mr. Ballen about whether she could have some time off until he leaves for training.  She told them that no matter what, she was going home with Evan, and staying with him until he leaves for training.  She said she hoped Mr. Ballen would let her come back after Evan leaves, but spending time with him before he leaves for the Navy was more important to her right now than the job. They were still talking when Evan knocked on the cottage door.  Brenda let him in.  All the girls giggled when he came inside.  Evan told the group that Mr. Ballen was sympathetic to their situation, because he had served in WWII.  He said Sam had told him that her job would be waiting for her when she was ready.  He helped her carry her bags to his car.  She hugged the girls, and told them she would be back.
They drove about 20 minutes to a neighboring town. East Stroudsburg was about twice the size of the town where she grew up, and was very nice.  He pointed out the train station as they drove through.  He told her that it had closed the year before, but he hoped that it would eventually be reopened.  He pulled up the drive of a single story ranch style house.  It was red brick and had an attached garage.  The house she grew up in had a front yard the size of a postage stamp. This house had a yard bigger than all the lawns on her parent’s entire street, put together.  It also had several huge trees in the front yard.  “Wow, this is nice.” She told him.  “Wait until you see the inside.” He replied.  When he led her into the house the first thing she saw was the fireplace in the living room.  It had wall to wall golden brown shag carpet throughout.  The kitchen had a separate dining area, which also had a fireplace.  
The house was 4 bedrooms, and it was nearly new.   A sliding door off the dining room led outside to the patio.  He told her that the house had been built just 2 years earlier. “I picked out all the interior colors, and furnishings.  My mother made suggestions, but for the most part, the house lacks a female touch.  Feel free to change whatever you want. It is your house too now.” He said.  She looked around amazed.  He led her to the master bedroom and showed her that it also had a master bath.   
Evan’s last week home was full of errands.   He took her to his bank to add her to his accounts.   They paid a visit to his Navy recruiter, and let him know that they were married.  He had them fill out some paperwork to add her to his insurance, and other benefits.  The first time she signed her last name, she could not help but stare at it, and smile.  Evan must have known what she was smiling at.  “I like the way that looks, how about you?” he asked.  She smiled at him.
Their last stop was a car dealership.  She asked what they were doing there.  Evan explained that he was going to sell his car and get one that she could drive.  “But you love this car.” She said in protest. “This car is not family friendly, and you can’t even drive it.  I would feel better when I am gone if I know you have a way around.  A sales man came out of the dealership and Evan shook hands with him.  Evan told him he was looking to sell his Maserati, and get his wife a car.  He told the salesman the car was almost seventeen thousand new, and he had only gotten it in March.  The salesman said he would go talk to the manager and see what they could do.   
The manager walked out of the dealership building a few minutes later with the salesman.  He was eyeing the Maserati.  He told Evan the car was a beauty.  Evan told him it had to be ordered months ahead of time and he only got it in late March.  Evan suggested she look around at the different cars and see if she liked any of them.  She left Evan negotiating with the manager, while she wandered through the rows of cars.  She walked between a line of cars, and she saw it, car like Brenda’s.  The window sticker said the color was Brittney Blue.  It had a white convertible top.  She opened the driver’s door and sat down in the seat.  She looked at the floor and gear shifter.  It was an automatic. She got out and looked at the sticker on the rear window. It said it was a 1967 Mustang GTA, equipped with air conditioning, and the price was nearly three thousand dollars. 
Evan walked up, just as she was turning to walk away.  He asked her if she had found the one she wanted.  She told him it was too much.  He looked at the window sticker. The manager, who was standing behind Evan, said they could probably work something out.  He tossed Evan the key. “Take it for a test drive, while I look over the numbers.” He said to them. Evan handed Jacequeline the key, and told her to climb in.  Evan had the manager show them how to let the top down before they took off.  She nervously opened the driver door, and Evan got into the passenger side.  He told her to make sure her foot was on the brake when she shifted into reverse.  He helped guide her out of the lot and on to the main road.  
Once she was out on the main road, she did not want to take the car back.  She was having so much fun.  She cruised through town.  “You look like you are having the time of your life.  As much as I hate to rain on your parade, we have to go back to the dealership, so we can buy it.” He said, smiling at her with those dimples. She turned around and drove back to the lot.   She told him she loved the car, but she probably didn’t need something that expensive. “Let’s see what they offer.” He replied. They went inside the dealership. The manager asked if they liked the Mustang.  “My wife likes it.” Evan replied, stone faced.  The manager studied him for a moment.  “I’ll give you eleven thousand and the Mustang in trade for the Maserati.” He said finally.  He said that he had to deduct some of the Maserati’s value because of miles on it.  Evan told him to make it twelve thousand and they had a deal.  The manager studied him for a few more minutes, and then shook his hand.  
Evan signed the title to his car, and handed it to the manager.  He and Jacequeline went out to the Maserati and emptied his personal belongings out of it.  The manager came out, and handed him the title to the Mustang and a check for twelve thousand dollars.  Jacequeline drove the car back to the house.  She had married her dream man, gotten her dream car, and her dream home.  How could life get any better? She thought.
That night he was holding her close after making love. He asked her what she was going to do after her summer job ended.  Jacequeline started laughing.  “Ever since I met you, I have been caught up in a whirlwind. I haven’t had a chance to think that far ahead.” She said.  She told him that Audrey was planning to go to college, but had not chosen a school yet. She had considered college, but she did not think she had the funding to attend, so she had not really made any plans.  “I think college is a great idea.  I wish we could afford to send to your choice of schools, but unfortunately we are on a limited budget now.  But, there is a college here in town. Since we are married, and own our home, you wouldn’t have housing expenses.   I am going to be gone for a while. Attending the local college will give you an opportunity to meet new people, and make new friends here.”   He told her if she decides to go, to be sure to ask the financial aid office to help her with applying for any aid for military spouses.  

July 1967



    The week went by much too fast.   She had tears streaming down her cheeks as she told him goodbye.  He promised to write as often as he could, and gave her instructions for how to write him in Rhode Island.  He was going to be gone 12 weeks, and that seemed like an eternity. She returned to her big empty house. The silence was too much. She had not lived here long enough for this house to feel like home yet.  And she was not used to being alone.  She had never even spent an entire night alone in her parent’s house.  She felt like such a baby when she loaded up in her car, and set out for the Inn.  
A short while later she pulled up to cottage six.  Brenda was walking back from the laundry hut when Jacequeline pulled up.  She asked Jacequeline where the car came from. Jacequeline told her that Evan had traded his car to get it for her.  Brenda told her it was pretty.  They walked into the cabin and Audrey threw down the clothes she had been folding.  She ran to give Jacequeline a hug.  Audrey asked her if Evan had gone.  Jacequeline told them she took him to the bus that morning, and she could not bear to be in that house by herself.  She asked if they had put anybody in her bunk yet. They laughed and told her no.  For the remainder of the summer, she did stay at her house most nights. She was afraid if she didn’t, she would miss a call or letter from Evan.  When she did stay at the house, Audrey usually stayed with her.  If she worked a late shift, she would stay at the cottage with the girls.    
One afternoon, Jacequeline and Audrey were sitting at her dining room table going over college admissions paperwork.  They had both decided to attend East Stroudsburg State College, because it was close to where Jacequeline lived.  Jacequeline heard a knock on the front door, and went to answer it.  Evan’s mother was standing on the other side. His mother was shorter than Jacequeline by a couple of inches, but that did not stop her from being intimidating.  She always walked perfectly straight, with her chin tilted up.  Her hair was dark with a short cut.  Jacequeline had always thought that Elaine kind of resembled Liz Taylor. She had mentioned it once to Evan, and he laughed and told her he suspected that was intentional on his mother’s part.    
She identified herself as Elaine Roberts. She breezed past Jacequeline without an invitation inside.  She told Jacequeline that she wanted to speak to Evan.  Jacequeline told her that it would not be possible. Evan had already left for the Navy.  “Oh dear, I was hoping he would come to his senses.” she said.  Elaine asked who they were, and why were they in Evan’s house.  Jacequeline told her that she was Evan’s wife.  “So he went through with that too. I was hoping this entire thing was his idea of a joke.” Elaine stated, with obvious distain for the idea.  
Elaine walked over to the dining table where Audrey was sitting. She had been silent the entire time, watching to see if there would be fireworks between the two Mrs. Roberts.  “What is this business?” inquired Elaine, picking up one of the admissions forms.  Jacequeline walked over, and took the form from her, told her that although it was none of her business, it was her admissions paperwork for the local college.  “You’re applying to state school?” Elaine asked, as though the idea left a bad taste in her mouth.  “Yes, a state school, Mrs. Roberts.  Your son and I live on a budget, so I will attend a state school.  I did not come from a powerful family or wealth. My father worked hard to earn a living.” Jacequeline stated.  “I see” Elaine replied.  “No, actually, I don’t think you do see.  Your son left to go serve his country. This is something he felt strongly about, and I am proud of him for following his convictions.   During a time when his parents should have been supporting him, and telling him they loved him, you turned your back on him. I can’t imagine ever putting status, money, or pride before my own child.  You must have had wonderful nanny’s for him, because he turned out to be kind, honorable, and giving, in spite of you, certainly not because of you.” Jacequeline yelled at her.  “Well, I never!” Elaine stated, shocked.  “Well maybe you should have.” Jacequeline countered.  “Now, if you will excuse me. I have to finish this paperwork or I will have no hope of getting into the fall semester. Then, I need to write my husband and let him know I love him. Please see yourself out of my house!” Jacequeline concluded, and sat down at the table, with her back to Elaine.  
Elaine was not used to being dismissed, or told off.  She walked to the door, and grabbed the knob to open it. Without turning to face them, she softly said, “I do love Evan, please let him know.”  She opened the door, and walked out.  When she reached her car, her driver Randolph, got out and opened the door for her.  Elaine got into the backseat. Randolph got into the driver’s seat, and pulled away from the curb.   “Randolph, I just met my daughter-in-law.” Elaine stated.  He asked how that went.  “She told me off, and then threw me out.” Elaine said.  Randolph looked back in the rear view mirror at Mrs. Roberts, and she was smiling.  “When we get home, I need you to book a meeting with me and the Dean of Admissions at the local college.  I need to meet with him immediately.” She said.  “Yes, ma’am” Randolph replied. 
During Evan’s time at OCS, he wrote to Jacequeline several times a week.  He told her that his training was hard, but it had been good for him.   He told her he was not used to such physical demands.  In every letter, he told her he missed her, and can’t wait to come home to her. When he was finally able to call home, Jacequeline told him about her visit with Elaine.  He laughed, picturing his mother’s face as Jacequeline told her off. He said he doubted that had ever happened to Elaine Roberts, and it was probably long overdue.  He thanked her for her fiery defense of him.  She missed him terribly.  She had not known him long, but she could not imagine her life without him in it.  She missed him terribly.  Each letter he wrote her, she would read repeatedly until the next one came.  She kept all his letters in a lock box in her nightstand drawer. She treasured them more than anything else she owned, including the Mustang.  She truly loved this man.  
Jacequeline would call her father weekly to check on her mother’s progress, and to see how he was doing all alone. On one of the calls, he told her that the institution had started doing shock treatments on Caroline.  He said he had high hopes that this treatment will bring her back.  Jacequeline asked if he would like to come for a visit, and see her new house. He told her that he wanted to be close to Caroline incase she needed him, but promised to visit soon.  Jacequeline was disappointed, but she understood.  She told him she loved him, and would see him soon.  Adjusting to a new town and a new home was hard for her.  Adjusting to being married without her husband nearby was even worse.  Jacequeline was sure that she wouldn't have been able to manage it without Audrey's help.  

August 1967



A few weeks after Jacequeline mailed off her admissions paperwork, she received an acceptance letter from the college. Included in the envelope, was a letter from the financial aid department that said she was awarded a special endowment that covered her tuition, books, fees and any other expenses for the semester. The letter stated the endowment was renewable for each additional semester that she enrolled.  She showed the letter to Audrey, and she was as puzzled as Jacequeline.  “You haven’t even sent your financial aid application in yet, how did you get a special endowment?” Audrey asked.  Jacequeline wondered if it had anything to do with her new last name.  What she didn’t suspect however, was the benefactor of the endowment was Elaine Roberts.  Elaine was impressed with Jacequeline, although she would never tell her that to her face.  She liked her fighting spirit.  She liked that this girl stood up to her, and wasn’t afraid to speak her mind.  But most importantly, she liked how passionately Jacequeline defended Evan.  
Jacequeline finished up her last week of work.  Their last day was kind of sad. They packed up the cottage, covered the furniture with the same dust covers they had removed, when they first moved in.  She was going to miss this little place. Brenda and Gloria had become close friends, and she was going to miss them.  They both promised to come and visit her.  Audrey had told the Parker’s that she was going to stay with Jacequeline until fall semester started.  Jacequeline suggested they drive home and visit their parents, since they had a couple of weeks before school started.   She phoned her father and told him she would be driving down, and to expect her this evening.  They arrived in Blairsville later that evening.  Jacequeline dropped Audrey off at the Parker’s, before going to her parent’s house.  When she pulled in front of her old house, she could not help but think of how much had changed in a single summer.  When she left this house with Brenda and Audrey, she fully expected to be coming home when the job was over.  And now she was married with her own home, and just coming here to visit.  
Jacequeline went to the door, and opened it without knocking. She called out to her father.  He came out of the kitchen.  Alfred had prepared them dinner.  He had grilled a couple of steaks and made a salad.  She sat at the table with Alfred. They ate and caught up.  He told her that Caroline was doing a little better, but she was not quite ready to come home yet.  Jacequeline told him while she was here, she would like to go by and see her mom.  “I can take you tomorrow after I get off work.” Alfred told her.  Jacequeline helped him clear the table, and turned in early.  It felt weird sleeping in her old room.  It had been just a few short months since she left, yet it seemed like a lifetime ago.  
Jacequeline awoke late the next morning, still feeling a little tired from all the driving.  She cleaned the house for her father. It was obvious he had been living alone for a few months.    She was folding some laundry when somebody knocked on the front door.  She opened it, and there was a man standing in the doorway, wearing an army hat.  The last time this door opened, and military was standing on the other side, they had come to tell her family that Thomas was dead.  Her heart was instantly racing, fearing for Evan.  He asked if this was the Hollinger residence.  She told him it was.  “You must be Jacequeline.” he said smiling.  “Can I help you?” she asked.  “My name is Robert Miller.  Your brother called me Bobby.  We were in the same unit.” he said.  Jacequeline let out the breath she did not realize she had been holding, and invited him inside.  She had not noticed before, but he was leaning on a cane, and walked with a little bit of a limp.  He was tall, about 6’3”.  He was broad in the shoulders.  His hair was cut short, just like most military men she had seen.  His hair was light brown, and his eyes were the most unusual shade she had ever seen. She was sure they were hazel, but they almost looked purple in the light.
Bobby told her that he and Thomas were best friends in the service, and that Thomas had saved his life.  She had him sit down in the living room, and offered him a glass of iced tea.  She went into the kitchen and poured them both a glass, and put some cookies on a plate. She carried it all back to the living room, and put it on the coffee table.  Bobby thanked her, and took a drink.  He asked her if her parents were around, because he wanted to tell them all about what happened the day Thomas died.  Jacequeline told him her father was at work, and her mother was ill and in the hospital.    She asked Bobby if he would go ahead and tell her what happened. 
He told her that their troop had been on a scouting mission north of Saigon, when they were ambushed.  Bobby was shot once in the leg, and once in the shoulder. Thomas jumped in front of him try to shield him, and was shot in the back.  They both went down. Thomas was lying nearly on top of Bobby, when they hit the ground.  Thomas whispered to him to play dead.  The Viet Cong rebel’s searched for survivors, and any they found were taken prisoner.  Because they thought Thomas and Bobby were dead, they left them behind.  Bobby said after the rebels left, Thomas rolled off of him, and told him to go get help.  He said he realized that Thomas was in bad shape.  “I found a radio, and called for help. But Thomas had lost so much blood. I begged him to hold on.” Bobby said, tears welling up in his eyes. Bobby said he tried to hold pressure on Thomas’s wound. But Thomas told him that he knew he would not make it until help arrived.  Thomas asked Bobby to find his parents, and to tell them he loved them, and to promise to look after his little sister Jacequeline.    
Tears welled up in Jacequeline’s eyes.  Her brother’s last words were about her.  She asked Bobby if he would like to go with her to visit Thomas’s grave.  He said he would like that very much.  They rode to the cemetery in Jacequeline’s car.  She parked as close as she could get, but they still had to walk a ways to his plot.  As they approached it, Bobby removed his hat, and saluted his fallen friend.  Jacequeline kneeled down, and pulled the weeds that had sprang up on his plot.  She had stopped at the flower shop on their way, and picked up some new flowers to place on his grave.  
This was the first time she had been back to his grave since his funeral.  She looked up at Bobby and he had tears in his eyes.  She could see that Thomas meant a lot to him.  “You two must have been close friends.” she said.  “He was my brother, in every way but biology.” Bobby replied.   Jacequeline stood and hugged Bobby.  “I am glad to know that he spend his last days with you. I think my parents will be happy to know this too.” she told him.  
They went back to her parent’s house, to wait for her father to get home from work.  She asked him if he lived locally. He told her no, he had travelled up from Philadelphia.  “I live in East Stroudsburg now. We don’t live far from each other, we should stay in touch.” She told him.  She insisted that he stay the night. She told him he could stay in Thomas’s old room.  “Thank you.” Bobby said.  “If Thomas considered you family, then you are family to all of us.” Jacequeline told him.  When Alfred got home, Bobby was sitting at the kitchen table, while Jacequeline was cooking dinner.  Jacequeline introduced Alfred to Bobby, and explained that he had served with Thomas.  Bobby told Alfred the same story that he had told Jacequeline earlier.  “Sir, your son died a hero.” Bobby said to him.  Jacequeline looked at Alfred and he had tears in his eyes.  He patted Bobby on the shoulder and thanked him for coming and letting him know.  Jacequeline told her father, that Bobby had travelled a long way to come here, and she had offered to let him spend the night before he travelled home.  Alfred nodded in agreement.  “Dad, do you think it would help mom if we took Bobby to see her, and he told her about Thomas?” Jacequeline asked.  Alfred decided it couldn’t hurt. After dinner they went to see Caroline at the institution. 
The mental hospital was kind of frightening, Jacequeline thought.  Every inch of the place was either white or gray, it was very institutional looking, and very depressing.  She could hear people screaming out, and crying.  She asked her dad if it was always like this, and he nodded.  He led them to Caroline’s room.  She saw them enter her room. She stood from her rocking chair, went to Bobby, and called him Thomas.  “No Caroline, this is Thomas’s friend Bobby.” Alfred said to her.  She looked confused.  Alfred had her sit down.  Bobby told her that Thomas was his best friend, more like his brother.  He told her the story of how Thomas died, and that he had saved Bobby’s life.  She hugged Bobby.  “I am so glad to have my baby home.” she said.  Bobby looked at Alfred.  Alfred closed his eyes and shook his head.  Jacequeline went to her mother, and hugged her.  “I love you mama, you get better.”  The three of them left.   Alfred explained to Bobby that she lost touch with reality shortly after Thomas died, and she had not recovered yet.  The next morning when Bobby was preparing to leave, Alfred told him that he was welcome in his home anytime. If Thomas considered him family, then he was.  Bobby shook Alfred’s hand, and Jacequeline hugged his neck.  She told him to stay in touch.  
The following Saturday, she packed up her car to head home.  Mrs. Parker had dropped Audrey off at the Hollinger’s to ride back with Jacequeline.  Fall semester would be starting in just over a week, and Jacequeline wanted to get settled back into a routine at home before classes started.  Audrey would be living on campus in the dorms, but would probably spend several nights a week with Jacequeline.  They had enrolled in a few of the same classes, and Jacequeline was pretty excited about going to college.  
A couple of days before classes started, Jacequeline and Audrey went to the college to pick up their books, and Audrey needed to get her dorm assignment.  When they went to check out Audrey’s dorm room, her roommate was there. She was sitting cross legged in the floor meditating.  She had light blonde hair that was very long, and wore a wreath of flowers in her hair.  Jacequeline had seen some of the news stories about hippies and flower children.  This was the first she had seen of them in this area.  Audrey and Jacequeline carried boxes of Audrey’s stuff into the room and piled them up next to Audrey’s bed.  The roommate never acknowledged their presence.  The girls looked at her, then looked at each other and shrugged their shoulders.  Jacequeline motioned for the door, and they left.  “This should be fun.” Audrey said as they were walking down the hall of her dorm building.  Jacequeline laughed.  “I did offer to let you stay with me, but you wanted your own space.  Your space just comes equipped with a humming floor statue.” Jacequeline told her, smirking.  Audrey elbowed her in the ribs and laughed.  

September 1967



College was just what Jacequeline needed to keep her mind busy.  Audrey would stay a couple of nights through the week with Jacequeline, and most weekends, unless she was going home to see her parents. Their school was a small teacher’s college.  It had few majors that weren’t education centered.  She had wanted to study accounting, but ended up settling for math education.  Even though she didn’t get to choose the major that she wanted, Jacequeline was just grateful that she was able to go to college.  She worked hard to keep her grades up so that she wouldn’t lose her endowment.  The financial aid office had not given her any conditions with her endowment, but she didn’t want to chance losing it with poor grades. Audrey had originally chosen elementary education as her major, but a few weeks in to the first semester she switched to political science.   Jacequeline was not aware that Audrey had any interest in politics.  She had never seemed interested in them before.  Jacequeline figured it must have something to do with a guy. 
Audrey had always been a little boy crazy.  She had never had any serious long term relationships, and Jacequeline knew it was because Audrey tried too hard.  She would try to become the person she thought the guys wanted her to be, and it came off as desperate.  They had more than one disagreement over the years about this.  Jacequeline would tell her to quit trying to change herself, and to quit trying so hard.  Audrey would tell her that it was easy for her to say, the guys all follow her around.  Jacequeline knew Audrey had self-esteem issues, and it was a sore topic when Jacequeline would try to talk to her about guys.
One afternoon when she arrived home from school, she found a letter in her mailbox from Evan.  He told her that OCS was over in a little more than a week, and he would get to come home for a visit before he leaves for Florida.  He told her he had gotten accepted into the aviation training program, and he would be sent to Florida in mid-October.  Jacequeline was not happy to hear that.  The 12 weeks he had already been gone had seemed like an eternity.  She sat on the couch in her living room, and read the letter again. She felt like crying. He had warned her that if he got accepted to the aviation training that he would have to go to Florida for about a year.  She told herself over and over, he had already signed up for all this when she met him, and she knew all this when she married him.  “He is going to Florida, and we will be apart for a year.  On the bright side, that is another year he is in the States, instead of Vietnam.” She said aloud to herself.
Audrey told Jacequeline that her roommates name was Peggy, but she asked to be called Peony.  Peony had spent the summer in San Francisco, until her parents found her and forced her to come home and sent her to college.  She was very involved in the anti-war movement, and had asked them if they wanted to come to a rally with her.  Audrey said if they could end the war, then Evan would get to come home sooner. Her logic convinced Jacequeline to check it out.  She regretted it pretty much as soon as she arrived.  The speaker was saying horrible things about soldiers, and she felt herself getting very angry.  She had lost her brother. And her husband was now a soldier. Even though she wanted the war to end as much as the rest, she was not about to listen to these flower wearing idiots talk bad about the military.  She grabbed Audrey’s arm and told her she was ready to go.  Audrey said she thought she would stay and hear what they had to say.  “Fine, I’m leaving!” Jacequeline stated. Driving home, the more she thought about it the angrier she got with Audrey, for not leaving with her.  How could she stay there and listen to that garbage? It was an insult to her brother and her husband, she thought.  She drove home still fuming about the rally, and Audrey wanting to stay there.  
She phoned her father like she usually did when something was bothering her. She sometimes would tell him what was bothering her, but most of the time just talking to him, and hearing his voice was enough to make her feel better.  He told her that Caroline’s younger sister Dottie and her husband had come to stay with him for a while.   He said they had moved from Columbus, and would be staying with him until they find a place to get settled.  Jacequeline vaguely remembered Dottie. She was about ten years older than Jacequeline.  They did not live close when Jacequeline was growing up. Jacequeline could only remember being around her mother’s side of the family a few times over the years.  Caroline’s mother passed away when Jacequeline was a baby, and Caroline’s father had a heart attack and passed when Jacequeline was about nine.  The last time she remembered seeing Dottie, was at her grandfather’s funeral.  Alfred told her that Dottie and her husband Raymond would be staying with him until they found a place of their own.  Jacequeline was glad he was going to have somebody staying with him. She hated the idea of him being in that big old house all alone.  She told him she loved him, and promised to visit soon.  

October 1967



That last week before Evan’s return was pretty lonely. Audrey stayed on campus, and Jacequeline did not make any attempts to reach out to her.  She was still mad that Audrey wanted to stay at the rally, instead of leaving with her.  She kept expecting Audrey to realize why she was giving her the cold shoulder and to apologize, but it had not happened yet.  She was feeling very isolated.  She had not made many friends in town.  She had only lived there a few months, and had spent most of the summer at the Inn.  She was not living in the dorms, and being married, she had not involved herself in most of the college social activities.  The one time she agreed to attend an event with some of the college students was the rally, and that was a disaster, so she was not eager to try any others. She was in an odd demographic.  She was young, but married. She did not feel like she fit in with the single girls her age on campus, but with her husband gone she had not found a way to fit in with the married couple’s in town either.    
She was so happy when the day finally came, to pick Evan up at the bus station.  She arrived at the bus station a half hour early.  She was debating on whether she should go in and wait, or sit in the car.  Just then, a big silver bus pulled up, and stopped in front of the station.  The doors opened and people starting filing out. She got out, trying to get a better look at the bus, to see if it was the one Evan was supposed to be on. She saw him coming down the stairs on the bus.  She took off running across the lot.  He saw her coming towards him, and caught her in his arms.   “I have missed you.” he said to her.  He leaned down and kissed her.  “Let’s get my bags, so we can continue this homecoming at the house.” he said, grinning at her.   He put his suitcase into the trunk of the Mustang, and got into the driver’s seat.  Jacequeline crawled into the passenger seat.  She had worn a new geometric print skimmer dress, with a mixture of orange, pink and green colors.  The bottom hem fell just above her knee.  Sitting in the passenger seat of the car, the hem rode up about mid-thigh.  
As they pulled out of the bus depot, she slid her sandals off.  She spread her knees apart, and slid the hem up even higher.  Evan kept looking over at her bare legs.  She reached over and grabbed his right hand and placed it on her left thigh.  “You’re going to cause me to have a wreck.” He said, never taking his hand away.  She guided his hand up her thigh, and he happily obliged.  When he got to where her panties should have been, there were none.  His head turned to her with a shocked look on his face, and he accidently swerved the car nearly into the ditch.  Luckily, he was able to recover before he wrecked the car.  “Watch the road, sweetheart.” she said to him in a soft purring voice.  He quickly looked back at the road, but he was obviously distracted.  “You are a naughty girl. Not wearing any panties.” he told her, smiling the whole time.  “If I am naughty, then maybe I need a spanking.” she said in childish voice.  
He let his fingers feel their way to her, and inserted his middle finger inside her hot wet body. He kept glancing over at her.  Her head was laid back, her eyes were half closed, and she was moaning.  “You are killing me!” he said.  She giggled.  He continued with massaging her insides with his finger.  Her breathing became heavier.  She moaned again.  As they were pulling down the street to their house, he felt her body begin to spasm, and wetness flow over his finger.  
He quickly pulled into the drive, and shut the car off.  He opened the door, and the car started to roll.  He slammed it into park, and jumped out and went around to the passenger side.  He helped her out, threw her over his shoulder, and carried her to the house, caveman style.  As he fumbled with the door lock, she was still giggling.  He got the door open, and carried her straight to the bedroom.  He tossed her down on the bed, and undid his pants, and let them fall to the ground.  “You think it’s funny to tease a man that has been without his woman for months?” he asked, smiling.  He pulled her dress over her head, and quickly shed his shirt.  “I have never needed somebody so bad!” he stated.  He turned her over and she crawled up on her knees.  He entered her from behind.  This was not the slow lovemaking that they usually had. This was raw carnal need.  He held her hips, and guided her movements to match his pace.  The position enabled him to fill her completely.  “Oh yes!” she yelled breathlessly.  “I can feel it building up.” she said, between panting breaths.   He gave her a light smack on the ass.  “Oh God!” she yelled out, and came hard.  He could feel her body begin to spasm, and wetness flow over him.  That set him off, and he met her orgasm.  
They collapsed onto the bed trying to catch their breath.  “You smacked my ass.” she said.  “The naughty girl suggested it, and you definitely did not seem to mind.” He said smiling at her.  “In fact, I think you liked it.  I think my baby likes a little pain with her pleasure.” he said smirking.  She rolled her eyes at him.  “Come here, you kinky little freak.” he said playfully and he pulled her close to him.  “Did you just call me a kinky freak?” she asked, not sure if she should be offended.  “I love it, and I love you.  You are an exceptional woman.” he said nuzzling her neck.  “That is not the first time you have called me exceptional? What makes me so exceptional?” she asked.  “I have never met another woman like you, and I am incredibly lucky.” He told her.  He held her close, with her head on his chest, for a long time.  She was just happy to have his arms around her.
Hunger finally forced them from the bed.  She told him she had made a casserole earlier and put it in the fridge.  After placing it in the oven to heat up, she went back to the bedroom, and heard the shower running from the bathroom.  She dropped her robe, and went to join him.  She slid the shower curtain back and climbed in as he was rinsing the shampoo out of his hair.  “I thought you might need some help in here.” She told him.  She picked up the bar of soap and lathered up her hands.  She reached for his cock and began to stroke back and forth with her hand.  “This was real dirty. I have to make sure it gets clean.” she said in a low husky voice.  She let the water rinse the soap off and she kneeled down on her knees.  She took him into her mouth.  
When she was staying at the cottage with the girls, Gloria had told them about performing oral sex.  She said to lick and suck it, just like you would a lollypop, and the guys love it.  He likes a kinky freak, she will show him a kinky freak, she thought.  She glanced up while she had him in her mouth, and he was leaned up against the shower wall with his eyes closed.  His breathing quickened.  He told her to stop or he was going to cum.  She kept going, and sucked harder.  He grew harder in her mouth, and she heard him moan.  She sucked harder.  His body stiffened, and his hot liquid filled her mouth.  She didn’t know what else to do, so she swallowed it, and continued sucking.  He just about came unglued.  
He pulled back, and pushed her head away.  “No, no, no, it’s way too sensitive after an orgasm.” he said.  “Where did you learn to do that?” he asked her.  She told him about what Gloria had said.  He burst out laughing.  “For that being your first time, you did it like a pro.” he said.  “Should I take that as a compliment or not?” she asked, frowning.  “That was definitely a compliment, as long as I am the only one that benefits from it.” He said. “Oh no, I forgot, dinner is in the oven.” She said. She jumped out of the shower. Wrapped a towel around her body, and ran down the hall to the kitchen.  She turned the oven off, took the casserole out, and sat it on the stove.  She reached into the refrigerator and pulled out the salad she had made earlier.  She sat it all down on the dining table, along with plates and silverware.  She was reaching into an upper cabinet for glasses, when he came into the kitchen.  He stood there looking at his wife making dinner wearing nothing but a towel, and he could not help but grin.  He felt incredibly lucky.  
After dinner, they talked about Florida.  Evan told her he would be down there for over a year.  He said that when he gets there, he will figure out the living arrangements, and if it is possible she can join him when her semester ends. That was welcome news.  The thought of being separated from him for a year was hard for her to even consider.  He said his API training was just a few weeks, and he would return home just before Thanksgiving. But he would have to be back in Florida by January to start his next training.  He said if all goes well, they would be returning to Florida together in December, when her semester ends. Jacequeline was glad to hear it.  They had been married for a few months, but they had spent more time apart than together. Jacequeline dropped Evan off at the airport a few weeks later.  She had tears in her eyes as she hugged and kissed him goodbye.  
Jacequeline and Audrey had finally made up after the rally fiasco, but their friendship had grown distant.  Audrey had quit coming to stay with Jacequeline at all through the week, and it had been several weeks since she had spent a weekend.  She seemed to be as busy as Jacequeline.   Jacequeline was getting worried about her friend though.  She seemed to be losing weight, and she looked sickly.  Jacequeline cornered her after one of her classes, and asked her to come spend the weekend with her.  Audrey started to make an excuse, but Jacequeline told her she missed her best friend, so Audrey agreed.  Jacequeline told her she would pick her up from the dorm after their last class.  
Audrey talked non-stop on the way to Jacequeline’s house.  Jacequeline guessed Audrey must have missed her too.  That night, Jacequeline fixed them some food, but Audrey told her she was not hungry. She said she had eaten in the dorm just before Jacequeline picked her up.  She sat with Jacequeline and talked while Jacequeline ate.  She talked about politics, and her thoughts about JFK’s death, and the space program, and so much more.  She hopped from one thing to another, and it was making Jacequeline dizzy just trying to keep up.  Audrey had always been a talker, but she was in rare form tonight.  Jacequeline had made up the guest room that Audrey usually slept in. She told Audrey she was going to turn in for the night.  
About three in the morning, Jacequeline was awakened by a sound coming from her kitchen. She got up and crept down the hall. Audrey was going through her kitchen drawers.  Jacequeline turned the light on, and asked her what she was doing. Audrey told her she was looking for something.  “What are you looking for at three in the morning?” Jacequeline asked.  “Actually, I don’t remember now.” Audrey said, still looking around the room.  “Are you ok?” Jacequeline asked.  Audrey told her she was fine. She said she had gotten up to get a drink of water, and she couldn’t get back to sleep so she thought she would…” Audrey hesitated for a minute, “work on my homework, so I was looking for a pencil. That’s what I was looking for, a pencil.”  “They are in a cup on the desk, where they always are.” Jacequeline said.  “Oh yeah, ok, sorry for waking you.” Audrey replied.  Jacequeline shook her head and turned and went back to her room.  “What is wrong with her? I’ve never seen her act so strange.” Jacequeline said to herself.  
Jacequeline got up early the next morning, and made breakfast.  She went down the hall to the guest room, and tapped on the door to see if Audrey wanted to eat.  No answer.  She tapped again.  No answer.  She opened the door to see if Audrey was even in the room.  Audrey was in the floor, unconscious.  Next to her was a spoon with some kind of white residue in it, and a syringe. Jacequeline got down next to her and felt for a pulse. Thank God she still had one, it was weak, but she was still alive.  Jacequeline ran to the phone and called for an ambulance.  She went back into the room, and tried to get Audrey to wake up, she even smacked her face.  She could not believe Audrey was using drugs and she didn’t know.  She heard the sirens pulling up out front.  She went to the door to let the paramedics inside, and led them to Audrey.  The paramedic asked what had happened.  Jacequeline told them she found her like this when she went to get her for breakfast.  He asked how long Audrey had been using, and Jacequeline told him she didn’t know that Audrey used drugs until she found her like this.  They loaded her up on a board, and took her out to the ambulance.  Jacequeline asked what hospital they were taking her to, and begged them to save her.
Jacequeline went to the phone, and frantically called Mrs. Parker. She told her that Audrey had been rushed to the hospital, and they needed to come as quickly as they could.  She hung up, got dressed, and drove down to the hospital.  She sat for a long time in the waiting area. A nurse finally came out, and told her that Audrey was coming around. She said Audrey wanted to see her.  Jacequeline went into her room, and was so relieved that Audrey was alive.  Jacequeline told her that the Parker’s were on their way.  “You didn’t tell them why I’m here did you?” Audrey asked.  “No, but I think they should know.” Jacequeline replied. “Well, I don’t. It’s none of their business, and frankly, it’s none of your business either.” Audrey replied. “You made it my business when you used drugs in my house. You nearly died in my guest room. And now you only asked to see me, just to find out if I told your parents on you?” Jacequeline said seething.  “Well, I’m sorry about all that. But what I decide to tell my parent’s, is up to me, not you.” Audrey said.  “Get better Audrey.” Jacequeline said, and turned and walked out.  
She ran into the Parker’s on her way out.  She was furious with Audrey, but more importantly, she was worried about her.  “Mr. and Mrs. Parker, there is something I should tell you.” Jacequeline said.  She told them what happened. She told them how distant Audrey had become in last few months. She told them Audrey was hanging out with a new crowd of friends at school, and she rarely sees her.  She told them she was worried about Audrey. “Audrey didn’t want me to tell you, but I am worried about her, and I thought you should know.” She told them.  Jacequeline left the hospital knowing Audrey would be furious, but also knowing that she did the right thing.  That evening she got a call from Audrey.  “I hope you’re happy. You ratted me out to my parents. And now, my parents are forcing me to leave school, and go back home.  I will never forgive you for betraying me!”  Audrey yelled, and hung up on her.  Jacequeline sat down at her kitchen table and cried.  
It had been a week since Audrey had left the hospital, and she had not been back to school.  Jacequeline had seen Peony on campus, and was told that the Parker’s had come to the dorm and packed up all of Audrey’s belongings.  She tried once to call the Parker’s, and check on Audrey.  Audrey was the one to answer, and when she heard Jacequeline’s voice, she hung up. Jacequeline and Audrey had been best friends since they both started Blairsville elementary school.  Audrey was like the sister she never had.  The two had often talked about their future, and that future had always included each other.  

November 1967



Jacequeline attended classes 3 days a week.  She had only missed one day, the day Evan came back from Rhode Island.  The emptiness of the house was getting to her. She decided to take a long weekend, and go see her father.  She packed up a small bag, and hit the road Wednesday afternoon, when her last class let out.  A few hours later, she pulled up in front of her parent’s house. There was another car in the drive that she didn’t recognize.  She let herself in the front door. She heard laughing coming from the kitchen.  “Hello” Jacequeline said as she made her way into the kitchen.  She found her dad sitting at the kitchen table with another couple.  “Hey sweetie, do you remember your aunt Dottie? And this is her husband Raymond.” Alfred said.  Raymond stood and held out his hand. “Raymond Hess, nice to meet you.” he said.  
Jacequeline had forgotten that her aunt and uncle were staying with her dad.  They offered Jacequeline a plate, and told her to help herself to some supper.  Jacequeline fixed a plate, and sat down at the table with the others.  She had not seen her aunt Dottie in several years.  She was a short woman, about ten years older than Jacequeline. She had the same brown hair as Caroline. And other than being a little shorter than Caroline, the two resembled quite a bit.  But Dottie had a much different personality. She was more outgoing, and seemed to have a much stronger will than Caroline.  Alfred told Jacequeline that he put Dottie and Raymond up in Thomas’s old room.  Jacequeline asked Raymond what he did for a living, and he told her he was in construction.  He said his father had spent his life constructing Catalog homes, and as a kid he would help him. He said he liked working with his hands, and seeing his creations when they were done.  He told her he preferred to give old buildings new life, as opposed to building new construction. Alfred said Raymond was going to help him with some projects around the old house, while they were here.  
After dinner, Alfred and Raymond went out on to the porch and smoked a cigar, while Dottie and Jacequeline cleaned up the kitchen.  Jacequeline asked Dottie how she met Raymond.  Dottie told her after she finished high school, she went to nursing school.   Her first job after she graduated, was working at the hospital in Columbus.   She said one night, a cute little red headed man, came in to the hospital with an awful case of the mumps.  She had been assigned as his nurse, and he stole her heart.  She said they started dating when he got released from the hospital, and they were married a few months later.  Jacequeline smiled, little and red headed just about summed up Raymond.  He was shorter than Jacequeline by an inch.  Luckily, Dottie was even shorter.  She said they just celebrated their eight year anniversary.  
Jacequeline asked if they wanted children.  Dottie’s expression changed to sadness.  She told her that as much as she wanted a child, it may not be an option for them, at least not by any conventional methods.  Jacequeline told her she was sorry for bringing up a sore subject.  Dottie patted her on the arm, and told her it was fine.  Jacequeline liked that Dottie and Raymond were staying with her father.  She had been worried about him being all alone.   Later, Jacequeline asked her father how Caroline was doing.  Alfred said when he took Dottie to visit, Caroline had spoken to her and she knew who Dottie was.  He said Caroline has some good days, then some bad days.  Jacequeline turned in early for the night, it had been a long day driving and she was tired.  
The next morning Jacequeline called the Parker’s, to see if she could get Audrey to talk to her.  Mrs. Parker told her that Audrey had snuck out the night before, and had not come home. Mrs. Parker sounded frantic with worry.  Jacequeline told her she would look around town at some of their old hang outs, and see if she could find her.  Jacequeline got into her Mustang and drove through town. She went by the park, and the diner, no sign of Audrey.  She was driving past the school, headed out towards the cemetery, when she spotted somebody sitting on the swing at the elementary school.  She pulled into the school. 
Even from behind, she would know that red hair anywhere.  She parked and got out.  She approached the swings.  Audrey’s back was to her.  “Go away.” Audrey said, without turning around to see who was there.  Jacequeline told her no, and sat in the swing next to her.  Audrey looked up and seen it was Jacequeline.  “What do you want? I have nothing to say to you.  You betrayed me.” She said.  “No, Audrey, you betrayed me.  You betrayed our friendship, you betrayed my trust, and you disrespected my home.  But worst of all, you betrayed yourself.” Jacequeline stated.  “But you are my friend, and I want to help you.” Jacequeline continued.  “My friend would not have told my parents on me.” Audrey said.  “She would have to save your stupid life.” Jacequeline countered. She could feel herself getting mad at this stubborn girl.  She wanted to grab Audrey and shake some sense into her.  “What on earth would possess you to try drugs in the first place?” Jacequeline asked.  
Audrey told her that she always felt like she was in the shadows, like nobody really noticed her.  She said she felt like she had been in Jacequeline’s shadow for years.  “You are so tall and so pretty. When we are together, none of the boys would look at me twice. And it isn’t just you.  When I go out with Brenda, the same thing happens.  I am invisible.” Audrey said.  Audrey told her that when she went to some of the peace rally’s with Peony, and met some of her friends, they embraced her and made her feel important.  Peony’s friend’s smoked marijuana.  She said she tried it, and she liked how it made her feel.  
Audrey said one night her and a few friends went to a party.  There was a guy there that she had seen a few times but she had never talked to him.  She said he was so cute, but he had never acted like he noticed her before.  She said he approached her at the party, and asked her if she wanted to really have some fun.  He took her into a bathroom and asked her if she wanted to try some speed.   She said she wanted him to like her so she agreed.  She said she felt free, like she could do anything.  She said she was not afraid of what people thought. She was not afraid to take chances.  She was not afraid of anything.  She said she spent the night with him. He showed her how to love, and how to have fun.  She said over the next few days she stayed with him and his friends. They showed her how to live.  “Audrey, what you are talking about, is not love. And that is not free. And it is not real, if it has to be drug induced.” Jacequeline stated.  “Audrey that stuff almost killed you.  And even before that incident at my house, you had been losing weight, and your personality changed, and not for the better.” Jacequeline said sadly.  Jacequeline asked her what she meant by, they taught her how to love.  Audrey told her that love was supposed to be free.  It does not have to be within the confines of marriage. Anyone could love.  “Do you mean sex?” Jacequeline asked.  “Yes, to love with our bodies.” Audrey replied.  “How many have you loved?” Jacequeline asked, not really sure she wanted to know the answer.  “In one night?” Audrey asked.  “Never mind, forget I asked.” Jacequeline said shaking her head.  “This is what I mean, you are judging me. My friends don’t judge me!” Audrey stated.  “I am not judging you. I am disappointed in you, and those are not your friends.” Jacequeline stated firmly.  “Friends don’t get you messed up, and pass you around like a party favor, that is not love, that is just sex.  I promise you, that if you truly loved any of the men you were having sex with, you would not want anybody else to touch you, and you would not be sitting here on this swing looking like the life had been sucked out of you.  And if any of them loved you, they wouldn’t want to see you destroying yourself. And they wouldn’t want to share you with their friends.” Jacequeline told her.  Jacequeline told her that there was nothing wrong with the old Audrey. The old Audrey was funny, and pretty, and was her rock during difficult times. This new Audrey is shallow, self-centered, and seems to have no self-respect.  “Take me home please.” Audrey asked her. Neither one spoke, during the ride back to the Parker’s. 
When they pulled up at the Parker’s, Jacequeline asked Audrey if she wanted her to go inside with her. Audrey told her no. Audrey got out, and went inside to face her parent’s alone.  Jacequeline waited until she saw her go into the house before she pulled away. She did not know if anything she had said had made a difference with Audrey.  Audrey had changed, and she didn’t know if she would ever see the old Audrey again.  Jacequeline drove back to her parent’s house.  That night, alone in her old room, she grieved the best friend she feared she may have lost forever.   
It was the last day of school, before Thanksgiving break.  She was due to pick Evan up at the airport this evening, and she was so happy.  These few short weeks he had been gone to Florida had seemed worse than the twelve weeks he was gone to Rhode Island.  Without Audrey to occupy her time, the days were long, and had dragged by.  When Evan walked across the gate at the airport, she ran to him. She jumped in his arms, and clung to him.  She had missed him so much.  Later that evening, he told her about a house he had found on the beach.  He said he had already put up the deposits, and they could move as soon as her semester was over at school.   
Evan told her he was due to resume classes in January, so they would need to move down there as soon as possible.  He said the house was furnished, so they would only need to take personal belongings and leave everything else here.  He told her that he had something to give her.  He retrieved an envelope from his bag, and handed it to her.  It was an admissions packet for the University of West Florida.  He told her it was only a few miles from where they will be living, and she would still be able to continue pursuing her degree.  She was so happy she hugged his neck.  “I hope my endowment will transfer to Florida.” she told him.  “I have a feeling it will,” he replied.  
After she had told him about the endowment, he was suspicious, and called the college. He identified himself as Mr. Roberts to the financial aid officer, and she immediately asked if things were working out to Mrs. Roberts liking.  He asked which Mrs. Roberts was she referring.  And she replied, Elaine.  He tried to get the financial aid officer to provide him with information about the benefactor to the endowment, but the she must have realized if he didn’t already know, then he was not supposed to.  She clammed up and told him it was confidential. He suspected Elaine was the benefactor, but she would never admit to it.  His mother was a prideful woman. Jacequeline had stood up to her, and while she might secretly admire that, she would never admit she was wrong.  
Evan and Jacequeline decided to her dad’s for Thanksgiving.  Evan’s father still was not talking to him, and Elaine was not willing to go against Henry.  Evan called his parent’s house. The housekeeper summoned his mother to the phone.  When Elaine answered he told her happy Thanksgiving. She told him to take care, and she told him she loved him.  The conversation was short, but not entirely unpleasant. Evan said he sensed that she was hurrying the call so that Henry wouldn’t catch her talking to him. “Someday, your dad will come around.” Jacequeline told him, trying to sound optimistic. “I doubt that. As stubborn as my mother is, he is worse.” Evan replied. Jacequeline could not figure out how two people so stubborn and cold hearted, could have made such a wonderful man. 
When they arrived at her parent’s house, she was pleasantly surprised to see Caroline sitting on the couch.  Alfred told them that Dottie and Raymond had gone to spend the holiday with his family. And it would just be the four of them for the holiday.  Jacequeline cornered Alfred in the kitchen and asked if Caroline was home to stay. He told her no, he just wanted her home for the holiday.  He thought it might be good for her to spend time with family.  Caroline still seemed distant, like nobody was home in her head.  Jacequeline volunteered to prepare the Thanksgiving dinner. Her dad and Evan sat at the dining room table talking about Evans flight training.  
She overheard Evan telling Alfred that during his first week in Florida, a plane crashed on the base.  She dropped a pan.  She had not let herself think of the dangers that he might face.  Evan realized she heard him, and he got up from the table and went to her. He put his arms around her and held her close.  “I am not going to crash.  I have you to get home to.” he said, smiling with those dimples.  Those dimples melt her heart every time.  Evan talked Alfred into taking his vacation during the Christmas holidays, and coming to Pensacola to see them.  Jacequeline was extremely happy about that.  She felt bad that her mom wouldn’t be able to come, but Alfred assured her that Dottie and Raymond would see to it she had a nice Christmas.  
That night, Jacequeline and Evan shared her old room.  The last time he stayed in this house, he slept in Thomas’s old room, because they weren’t married yet.  But Dottie and Raymond had taken over that room. And they were married now, so Alfred didn’t mind them sharing her old room.  Jacequeline felt weird about it.  She felt like she was still a little kid, and doing something wrong.  Evan snuggled up behind her, and started rubbing on her butt.  “Don’t even think about it, my dad is just down the hall.” She said, in a whisper.  “He is all the way at the end of the hall. He won’t hear anything, if you don’t start hollering.” he said teasing.  “I don’t holler, and we are not fooling around. He might get up to go to the bathroom or something, and hear us.” she said.  Evan kept rubbing on her butt.  She could feel him growing hard behind her.  “I’m going to make you pay for this.” she said, still whispering.  “Pay for what?” he asked innocently.  “Teasing me, when you know we can’t.” she said, getting frustrated.  Evans hand moved around to her breast, and was massaging her nipple.  “Two can play this game.” she said.  She turned over facing him, reached into his pajama pants and started rubbing his throbbing cock.  “Do you like the way that feels?” she purred.  “Oh yeah.” he said softly.  “Would you like it if he was inside me?” she said seductively.  “You know I would.” he said his eyes barely open.  “Well, too bad!” she said, and she jerked her hand out of his pants. She turned over in the bed, with her back to him, giggling.  “You are bad. Very very bad.” He said. “I learned from the best, now go to sleep.” she told him, still giggling.  “I love you.” she told him. 

December – 1967



Jacequeline finished up the last of her finals.  She had filled out her admission papers for UWF, and mailed them off as soon as Evan gave them to her. A few weeks letter she received noticed that she had been accepted for transfer.  She had gone to the financial aid office, and asked them about transferring her endowment to Florida. They said they would have to check with the benefactor, and see if it was possible, and her new school would let her know.  Just before the semester ended, she got notice that her endowment was going to be transferred, and her school expenses would be covered in Florida.  When she got the letter about her endowment, she ran in the house and showed it to Evan.  Evan smiled and hugged her.  He would thank Elaine for doing this for Jacequeline, but she would deny it, and would rebuff his attempts at gratitude.  
They spent the next week packing up what they would need.  Randolph, Elaine’s driver, had agreed to check on the house while they were gone. Evan also asked him to collect their mail and send it to him in Florida. If Randolph has his address, Elaine can get it if she wants to see them, or get in touch with them.  They loaded the trunk and the backseat of the car full of boxes and suitcases.  Jacequeline was excited. She had never travelled anywhere further than Ohio, and now she was going to see the Gulf of Mexico. The drive was long. He told her he wanted to travel the scenic route.  He drove south through Washington DC. Then turned east, and drove over to the coast. They spent the night in Myrtle Beach.  
He rented them a motel close to the beach.  It was evening when they got there, and after dinner they went for a walk on the beach. She had never seen the ocean. The water rolled in on the sand.    It was considerably warmer here than it had been when they left home. That morning she had been wearing a thick coat when she left home, and even though it was evening, the temperatures were pretty mild. The evening was perfect.  When they got back to the motel room, he was looking at her with hungry eyes.  She turned the radio in the room on. She found a station playing one of her favorite songs, When a Man Loves a Woman. She started swaying to the music. Evan came up behind her and wrapped his arms around her waist.  He was moving along with her. He started softly singing along with the music, into her ear.  
Evan had a beautiful singing voice. She turned to face him, put her arms around his neck. He held her close as he continued singing to her. The singing and the dancing had pushed her over the edge. She had to have him now.  She unbuttoned her shirt, and let it drop to the floor.  She pulled her pants down, and left them in the floor too.  She gently pushed him back, towards the bed.  He pulled his shirt over his head, and tossed it to the floor.  She reached for the waist of his pants, and undid the button and unzipped his fly.  She reached in and touched him.  He was hard and ready.  She slid his pants down.  He reached behind her, and undid the hooks on her bra, freeing her breasts.  She slid her panties down, and he pulled his briefs off.  They were standing beside the bed.  She went to him, and kissed him. He picked her up, turned, and laid her on the bed.  He wanted her so bad.  He felt between her legs. Before his finger even entered her, he could feel the heat.  He slid a finger inside. She was so wet.  She let out a soft moan.  He had to be inside her now.  
He eased up between her legs. She wrapped her legs around his waist.  He entered her slowly, afraid if he went to fast, he would lose control too soon.  He saw her eyes roll back and close, her breathing became heavier.  “Faster!” she said, desperate to fill this ache she had inside her.  He could not deny her, even if he wanted to. His pace quickened, and her hips were arching to meet his.  “It’s building up, I am about to cum!” she said, panting.  “Oh, God, me too!” he said.  He beat her to it, but just barely. When she felt his juices filling her, she climaxed.  He rolled over to the side of her, and pulled her over to him.  She laid her head in the crook of his arm.  “I think we might have a song now.” he said. She looked up and smiled at him.  “I didn’t know you could sing.” She said.  Evan told her he doesn’t sing.  And Jacequeline told him that it was a shame, because he had a lovely voice.  “Well then, I’ll sing for you, but only you.” he said.    
The next morning, they got up very early.  She wanted a chance to see the ocean in the daylight before they got back on the road.  He told her they had about 10 more hours of driving to do, and he wanted to get there before it got too late. She stuck out her bottom lip, pretending to be pouting.  Evan grinned at her with those dimples. “You win.” He said, and grabbed her hand.  He led her out to the beach.  The wind was up this morning. She saw one in the distance trying to surf. She asked Evan if he had ever surfed.  “During my sophomore year in college, I took a spring break trip with a few of my buddies to Hawaii.  They talked me into trying surfing. When my mother found out, she nearly had a fit.  She said attempting to ride a piece of wood in the water was undignified, and unbecoming of a Roberts.” He said, in a tone mocking his mother.  
During the drive to Pensacola, Jacequeline asked him about his extended family.  He told her that Henry’s father, George, was a state congressman. He died when Evan was young.  Henry’s mother, Marilyn, lived with them after his grandfather died.  He said Elaine and Marilyn did not get along.  Marilyn always acted like Elaine wasn’t good enough for her son.  He said Marilyn passed away while he was in college. Jacequeline asked about Elaine’s family.  Evan said Elaine never spoke about her family.  He said his mom and dad met when his father was in college, and she never spoke about her life prior to meeting Henry. “You never asked her about her childhood or her family?” Jacequeline asked.  “She told me her life began when she met my father.” Evan replied.  Jacequeline wondered what Elaine was hiding from her past.  By the time they hit the Florida state line, Evan’s parents were far from her mind.   
They arrived in Pensacola near dinner time.  Evan said one of the other cadets named Jerry, had taken care of picking up the rental house key for them.  Evan pulled in front of Jerry’s house, and ran to the front door. A tall man with hair cut short like Evan’s, answered the door. Jacequeline assumed he must be Jerry.   Jerry disappeared from sight for a moment, and when he returned he handed Evan a key.  They shook hands again and Evan ran back to the car.  Evan said that Jerry made sure the utilities were on, and the house had furnishings, just as the landlord had promised.  
They drove down the street a few blocks. Evan pulled their car into the drive of a small two story stucco sided home, with a red clay tile roof.  The property was waterfront, and equipped with its own dock. “This is ours?” she asked.  “Technically, it’s the landlords. We rent it.” He told her.  He said there were several leasing companies in the area that cater to the Navy. He told her that when he first arrived in Pensacola, he immediately got a realtor involved with searching for a house near the base, and close to the water.  “I figure if I’m going to drag you away from home for a year or two, you should have someplace nice to live.” He told her.  “I would live in a box, as long as we are together.” She replied.
Pensacola was very different than the areas she had lived in Pennsylvania. The temperatures were considerably milder.  During the day, even in the winter, it would be in the low 60s, and it never got below 40 at night.  They spent a lot of time out on the water.  One of Evan’s friends had a boat, and he would take them out on the gulf.  Alfred flew down the week of Christmas.  She was so excited to see her dad.  He was surprised by how warm it was.  He said it had already snowed back home.  Evan took Alfred out with his friends on the boat one evening shark fishing, and Alfred said it was probably the most fun he’s had in a long time.  Evan said Alfred caught one, but they threw it back.  Jacequeline looked at Evan with her mouth hanging open.  “You said you were taking him fishing, you didn’t say anything about shark.” she said sternly.  Evan grinned.  “Did I forget to mention that?” he asked, trying to sound innocent.  She swatted his arm.   
During Alfred’s visit, he told Jacequeline that Raymond had bought an old school house in Philadelphia. “He is going to convert it into an apartment building. Dottie is going to continue staying with me until the construction is complete.”    Jacequeline hated to hear Dottie and Raymond would be moving out soon.  Alfred had seemed so much happier with them staying there. With Caroline in the institution, Dottie and Raymond were all he had for company. 
She really enjoyed her father’s visit, and she was sad to see him go. She hugged him at the airport terminal, and had tears in her eyes when he went through the gate to catch his plane.  School would be starting back in little more than a week for Evan, and she would start shortly after at UWF.  She had made a few friends since being in Florida.  The Aviation class was a pretty tight group, and the married officers all lived near each other, just outside the base.  During their off time, they often planned social gatherings together.  They would go boating, have barbeques, and trips to the beach. Jacequeline loved school, she was able to change her major to accounting, and was doing very well. This was the first time since they got married, that she really felt married.  She got to see him every day, sleep in the same bed.  They went out with friends together.   Living in Florida together felt like a long honeymoon.

March 1968



Jacequeline decided she should have lived in warmer climates her entire life.  Her favorite thing to do was walk along the white sandy beach at sunset holding Evan’s hand. Life was good, and she had never been happier. For the first six months they were married, he was always in and out for short visits, and now they get to see each other every night.  She missed her dad, and she missed Audrey, but she loved seeing Evan every day.   
She made her usual call to her father once a week, and he was sounding especially chipper lately. There had been no change in Caroline’s condition, and she was still in the institution.  Raymond was staying in Philadelphia most of the time. He would try to travel to Blairsville, to see Dottie, nearly every other weekend.  
In late March, during one of her calls home, Alfred told her that Dottie had found out she was pregnant.  Alfred seemed concerned by this news.  “You sound worried. Is she alright? Has she seen a doctor? Is the baby alright?” Jacequeline bombarded him with questions.  Alfred told her that Dottie had been to the doctor, and she and the baby seemed fine.  Jacequeline figured Dottie’s pregnancy would likely mean that she would be moving out sooner.  Raymond would probably either rent her a place closer to his work, or he would focus on finishing one of the units in his building for her to live in, while the rest was still under construction.  Either way, Dottie would likely be moving out sooner, and that would mean her dad would be living alone again.  That would explain why he sounded so down.  Dottie has been a big help to him with the house, and with Caroline.  “Dad, Dottie has wanted a baby for a very long time. Even though it means she will be moving out sooner, we should be happy for her and Raymond.” she told him.  “Of course, I am happy, and your right.” Alfred replied, still sounding concerned.  “When is she due?” Jacequeline asked him. “She estimated sometime in mid-December.” Alfred replied.  “She found out quick.” Jacequeline said.  “Yeah” was all Alfred said in response.  
That evening, she shared the news with Evan, that Dottie and Raymond were expecting a child.  Jacequeline told him she was so happy for Dottie, that she had been trying for years to get pregnant.  “Didn’t you tell me that Dottie and Raymond met when he was in the hospital with the mumps, and she was his nurse?” Evan asked sounding confused.  “Yes, why?” she asked, confused by the question.  “Nothing, I suppose. I just thought if men get mumps past puberty, they were usually sterile.” he said.  Jacequeline asked him where he had heard that. He told her that when he was sixteen, an outbreak happened at his boarding school. His mother brought him home. She said someday she may want grandkids, and if he got mumps he wouldn’t be able to have any.  Evan saw the concerned look on Jacequeline’s face, and immediately regretted saying anything. “But, you know what, Elaine Roberts is no doctor, so what does she know.  She was probably just spreading an old wives tale.” he added quickly. 
Jacequeline couldn’t help wondering if there was any truth to that old wives tale, and if Dottie’s baby was Raymond’s.  She supposed with Raymond out of town, he would not know if she met somebody in Blairsville and was sneaking out, or even meeting up with them during the day when her dad was at work.  She was sure if Alfred knew about it, he would tell Raymond.  She dismissed the entire thing from her mind.  They were adults and their marriage was none of her business. 
November 1968



By fall, Dottie had moved to Philadelphia with Raymond.  He had finished converting the old schoolhouse into an apartment building. The large building was five stories tall. He had carefully tried to maintain as much of the original integrity of the building as possible, while making the units into functional apartments.  He was pretty proud of the work he had done on it. Alfred had helped them move the rest of their belongings to Philadelphia.  He seemed very depressed after they moved out.  Jacequeline sensed that her dad was lonely, and promised she would come home for Thanksgiving Break.  Alfred told her that they had all been invited to have Thanksgiving with Dottie and Raymond.  She told him that was fine. She suggested he come a few days early, and stay at her house, and they could drive to Philadelphia together.  
Jacequeline and Evan both finished their classes up on the Friday before Thanksgiving, and decided to take off that night.  They drove straight through, taking turns with sleeping and driving.  The drive takes about nineteen hours. She was pretty tired when they arrived home.  Evan had asked Randolph to check the house for him, and make sure it was suitable for their arrival.  It was early Saturday morning when they got home, and they spent most of Saturday sleeping.  Alfred arrived on Monday, with plans to spend week with them.  He said Caroline was not in any shape to travel, and she would have to spend the holiday at the institution.  Jacequeline had called Dottie’s several times to coordinate the dinner, and to find out if she should bring anything.  
On Wednesday, Raymond called in a panic.  Dottie had gone into labor.  “Dottie is in labor! She isn’t supposed to deliver until December. What if the baby is too small?” Raymond was rattling off. Evan had been the one to answer the phone.  He told Raymond to calm down, and asked him what hospital they were at. When he hung up, he filled Jacequeline and Alfred in on what was going on.  Alfred immediately got panicked as well. He said they needed to get to Philadelphia as soon as possible.  Evan, being more familiar with the area, drove them all, in the Mustang.  They arrived at the hospital about an hour and a half later.  The reception desk helped them find Dottie’s room.  When they arrived at Dottie’s room, Raymond was in the hall talking to her doctor.  They heard the doctor tell him it won’t be long now.  Raymond saw them approaching, and told them that she was getting close.
The doctor said he was going to have the nurses go ahead and prep a delivery room.  Jacequeline asked if she could go in and see Dottie. Raymond told her to go ahead.  Jacequeline entered the room and was surprised at how big Dottie was.  Maybe it was because she was such a small woman, but she looked huge.  Her belly looked like she could be having twins.  Jacequeline asked her how she was feeling. Dottie told her she was tired.  She had been in labor for a few hours, and it was wearing her out.  Dottie told her she was prepping the apartment for Thanksgiving dinner, and her water broke.  
Just then, she had another hard contraction. She grabbed Jacequeline’s hand to hold, and Jacequeline thought she might break it.  Dottie’s loud groaning brought the men into the room.  Raymond asked if she was alright, or if she needed a nurse.  The contraction passed, and she told him she was just having another contraction.  Jacequeline freed her hand of Dottie’s grasp, and told Evan and Alfred maybe they should wait in the waiting room.  Before they could respond, Dottie had another contraction.  “They are really close together. Maybe we should get a nurse.” Evan said concerned.  Jacequeline looked up at her father and he looked pale.  “Dad, is this too much for you?” Jacequeline asked.  Alfred did not respond, he just stood there looking pale, and staring at Dottie.  “Evan, help him find a waiting room before he passes out.  I didn’t know he was so squeamish.” Jacequeline said.  
Jacequeline went in search of a nurse, and Evan took Alfred out to the waiting room.  She followed the nurse back to the room. Raymond came out of Dottie’s room, just as the nurse was walking in. He looked nervous. He was wringing his hands, like he did not know what to do with himself. “Would you mind staying with Dottie for a few minutes? I need to get some air.” He asked her. “Sure, I’ll stay with her.” Jacequeline told him.  Jacequeline followed the nurse into Dottie’s room just as she was having another contraction.  “I am feeling pressure down there!” Dottie yelled.  The nurse looked under Dottie’s sheet. She said she saw the baby crowning.  “We have to get her down to delivery, now!” the nurse said.  “OH GOD, I DON’T THINK THERE IS TIME!” Dottie yelled.  Jacequeline could see the baby’s head was starting to come out.  The nurse looked at Jacqueline and told her to run to the nurse’s station for some help.  Jacequeline ran from the room. She yelled down to the nurse’s station that they needed help now.  
A couple of nurses ran towards the room.  “One of you needs to get the doctor, quick!  The baby is delivering now.” She told them. One of the nurses ran to find the doctor. Jacequeline followed the other nurse back into the room. The baby’s head was all the way out, and the first nurse was helping to guide the baby’s shoulders out.  The nurse she had followed into the room ran back out for some supplies. She quickly returned pushing a cart into the room.  The little boy was born just as the doctor ran into the room.  He had a head full of black hair. 
The doctor clamped his umbilical cord, cut it, and cleaned out his mouth.  The baby boy let out a loud cry.  He looked pretty big to be several weeks early.  The nurse wrapped him up in a blanket. She told Dottie they were going to carry him down to the nursery to clean him up, and check him over.  Jacequeline turned to look back and see how Dottie was doing. The doctor told her she might want to follow the baby down to the nursery. He said the rest of this process was not much fun to look at.  Jacequeline had seen puppies born. She knew what was coming next, so she left the room quickly.  
 She went in search of the waiting room, and found Alfred and Evan.  “The baby is here.  It’s a boy.  “Evan, can you go find Raymond? He went for air just before the baby came.” She told them. Alfred looked up, and asked if they could see him.  Jacequeline suggested they walk down to the nursery, to see if they could get a peek at him, through the window.  
When they found the nursery, the nurses had just got through cleaning him up.  He was so cute.  They laid him on the scale. He weighed 8lbs and 6oz.  “Mercy, I would hate to think what he would have weighed if he had not come until December.” Jacequeline said.  Jacequeline looked up at her dad. He had tears welled up in his eyes.  Evan and Raymond walked up to them.  Raymond immediately went to the nursery door. He asked the nurses if he could go inside and see the baby.  Evan looked at the baby, and Alfred, then to Jacequeline.  He grabbed her by the hand, and told her he needed some air.  “I should probably stay here with my dad.” she said.  Evan asked her to please walk outside with him. Evan told her he was not feeling well.  “Boy, you men sure are squeamish today.” She said teasing.  
She asked Alfred if he would alright. He said he would be fine.  Evan led her outside.  Jacequeline asked him if he was coming down with something.  He told her he would be fine, he just needed air.  “The baby is big, considering he was early.” she said.  Evan would not look at her.  “Did you see how dark his hair was?” she asked him.  “Stop Jacequeline, you might not like where this leads you.” Evan said to her.  “What do….” She stopped.  Suddenly, it all made sense.  The baby was not early.  He was term.  “Let’s go back inside, I want to look at him again.” she said, with a look on her face he had never seen before.  “Jacequeline, maybe we should leave, and let the parents get some rest.” Evan pleaded.  “Which parents Evan, Dottie and Raymond, or Dottie and my dad?” Jacequeline stated. Evan felt so bad for her, she was visibly angry, and her voice was trembling.  “I told you not to go there.” Evan said, shaking his head.  “Well, how else do you explain the way he is acting?” Jacequeline asked.  “And look at the baby. He is dark headed like me, Thomas, and my dad.  Dottie has light brown hair and Raymond is a red head.” She concluded.  “You don’t know anything for sure. Don’t make any accusations that you might regret.” Evan told her.  
Jacequeline marched back into the hospital, and straight to the nursery.  Alfred was still standing in the hall, in front of the nursery. He looked like the life had been sucked out of him.  Jacequeline asked him where the baby was. Alfred told her they took him to Dottie’s room.  “Isn’t it funny how much he looks like me and Thomas?” she asked him.  Alfred looked at her with fear in his eyes.  Evan reminded her that they were cousins, so it wouldn’t be that unusual.  She cut eyes at him.  She turned, and walked towards Dottie’s room.
When she walked in, Raymond was holding the baby. He had such love in his eyes.  “Baby boy, I had started to think we were never going to have children, and now here you are. I promise you, that I will be the best father that I can.” Raymond said to the baby.  Jacequeline looked over at Dottie, and she looked guilt ridden.  Jacequeline looked at Raymond again.  She couldn’t take away his one chance to be a father.  “Raymond, you have a very handsome son.  He looks a lot like Grandpa Wagner.” Jacequeline said.  Dottie looked at her, “You think he looks like my dad?” she asked.  “He definitely looks like Grandpa Wagner. What are you going to name him?” Jacequeline asked.
Dottie told her she was thinking of naming him Adam Joseph.  Raymond told her he liked the name.  Jacequeline could not help but compare the name to her fathers, Alfred James.  “I was just coming in to tell you we were going to go home, so you can get some rest, and have some family time.” Jacequeline told them.  Raymond told her that it was a shame that they would not be able to have a family Thanksgiving.  He said maybe we could all try to get together at Christmas.  She told them that she was not sure she would be able to come back at Christmas, and that Alfred will probably come down to Florida again.  She told them to take care, and she walked out.  
She met up with Evan and Alfred in the hall. She told them the family needed some rest, and they should go on home.  The ride back was quiet.  She was not sure if she did the right thing, but she couldn’t burst Raymond’s bubble.  If Evan was right, Adam may be the only child he ever has.  And if she was right about Alfred and Dottie having an affair, it would wreck her entire family if the truth came out. 
She counted back nine months in her head. She realized that if Adam was term, it would mean he was conceived around Valentine’s Day.  She thought back to Valentine’s Day.  She had called her dad, and her father seemed like he had been drinking.  At the time, she figured the day was depressing for him, because of Caroline being in the institution.  He had mentioned that Raymond was not coming down for the weekend, and Dottie was pretty upset.  She thought about how happy Alfred had been in the weeks that followed, until he found out Dottie was pregnant.  From the back seat of the car, she looked up and saw Evan looking at her in the rear-view mirror.  He looked concerned, and he winked at her. Not a seductive wink, more of a supportive wink.  She gave him a weak smile.  
That night after she crawled into bed, she laid there staring at the ceiling, with her mind racing. Evan crawled in beside her, and pulled her close to him.  She asked him how long he knew.  “I don’t suppose either of us really know. But, I have suspected since we found out she was pregnant, and I knew he had the mumps.” Evan stated.  “Why didn’t you tell me what you suspected?” Jacequeline asked.  “Probably for the same reason you didn’t confront Alfred or Dottie.  It was just speculation, and I didn’t want you to have to go through what you’re going through now.” He said.
Jacequeline told him she couldn’t help but think of her mom, and how they had both betrayed her.  “This is no excuse, I am not defending either of them, but your mom has been gone for a long time.  Alfred made vows to her, and he should have honored them. And Dottie is her sister, and that is a line that should never be crossed. If they did have an affair, they are both very wrong, but maybe we don’t know the whole story.” He said.  “I don’t want to think about this anymore.” Jacequeline said.  Evan kissed her forehead.  “I would never do that to you. I hope you know that.” he said.  She knew, but she liked hearing it anyway.  
Since they hadn’t planned to have Thanksgiving at her house, there wasn’t time to prepare a traditional dinner.  Evan grilled steaks. She made a salad and baked some potatoes.  Alfred told them he was going to head home that evening, and check on Caroline.  They ate dinner early, and Alfred headed out.  Jacequeline would have normally asked him to stay, or insist he wait until the next morning. But she was having a hard time looking at him right now, and was kind of glad to see him go.  That evening, she told Evan she was ready to go back to Florida. She asked him if they could leave out the next morning.  He told her that it was fine with him.  He called his mother, wished her a happy Thanksgiving. He told her that they would be leaving early the next day to return to Florida.  He asked her to have Randolph keep an eye on the house for them while they were away.  Elaine told him she would, and asked him to stay safe.

August 1969



Jacequeline finished up her finals in May. She took the summer off to enjoy the beach.  Evan had told her that his training in Florida would be ending at the end of August. He would have a short break before he was to report to San Diego for final training, and his RAG assignment.  Knowing their time in Florida was ending soon, Jacequeline didn’t enroll for fall classes.  Evan had told her that as soon as his training was over, he would move her back to Pennsylvania before he had to leave for San Diego.  She was not looking forward to going back home.  
Florida had been a sanctuary for her from the rest of the world. The evening news was filled with stories of protests and violence all across the country.  The entire country seemed to be at odds, with the anti-war movement, civil rights, and gay rights.  She felt like her little house on the beach was an oasis.  The unrest wasn’t just limited to people she didn’t know.  She had not spoken to Audrey in over a year. She was still angry with Alfred and Dottie.  Alfred had called her a few times. She was cordial, but distant with him.  He had betrayed her trust, and he had betrayed her mother.  She was not looking forward to returning to Pennsylvania, and having to face all the problems that awaited her at home.  And knowing that Evan would be leaving shortly after their return, only made her dread it more.
Evan came home early one afternoon. He told Jacequeline that a Hurricane was building up near Cuba. It was projected to make landfall near the Florida Panhandle.  He said he was booking her a flight home that day. He instructed her to pack a bag while he phoned the airport.  “What do you mean, booking me a flight? What about you?” she asked.  “Jacequeline, I am in the Navy. I can’t leave. If a disaster does hit, I may be called out to help. But there is no reason for you to be here.  My training here is nearly complete. So you can just leave out ahead of me.” He said.  “But I don’t want to leave you.” She pleaded.  “I can’t do my job, if I am worried for your safety. It puts us both in danger.” He said firmly.  She did not want to make his job more dangerous, so she relented.  “Go pack, and hurry.” he said.  
Evan called the airport, but he could not get her a flight out. Every available flight out of Pensacola was booked.  He called the train depot. He could get her on a train this evening from Pensacola to Jacksonville. In Jacksonville, she would have a short layover before travelling north to Philadelphia.  He called Elaine, and asked her to send Randolph to pick Jacequeline up at the train station in Philadelphia when she arrived.  Jacequeline came back into the room with a bag a few minutes later.  She looked very upset.  “Sweetheart, I love you.  I promise I will be fine, and I will come home to you.  I just do not want to be worried about you here, if I have to go out.” he said.  He drove her to the train station in Tallahassee.  He helped her get settled in to her car, kissed her, and told her he would call her as soon as he could. She waived from the window as her train pulled away.  
Jacequeline had never road a train before. She probably would have really liked it, if Evan had been with her.  On the short line to Jacksonville, she rode in the regular passenger car.  Her seat was fairly comfortable, and she had a seat next to the window.  She was grateful that Evan had not been able to get her a flight.  She had never flown before, and was scared of flying.  She laughed at the irony of it, considering her husband was a pilot.  She had a two hour layover in Jacksonville.  She called the beach house, and told Evan that she had made it.  He asked her not to venture too far from the train station.  “I don’t want you to miss your train.  I won’t rest easy until you are safely in Pennsylvania.” He told her.
Evan had booked her a deluxe sleeper car for the rest of her journey.  The car was nice, and had a large bed for her to rest in.  She tried to sleep, but between worrying about Evan, the movement of the train, and the train whistles, sleep was hard to come by.  Her journey north by train took considerably longer than it did when they drove.  They stopped at a few major cities along the way to let off passengers and pick up new ones.  When she finally arrived in Philadelphia, she was glad to be off the train.  Randolph was waiting for her in the depot.  He helped her collect her luggage and drove her home.  He told her that he had taken the liberty of making sure the house was suitable for her arrival.  When she got home she called Evan.  It was late, but he was glad to hear she had made it home safely.  He warned her that he may lose phone signal when the hurricane makes landfall, but not to panic, he would call as soon as he could.  Over the next couple of days she watched the news as it tracked the hurricane.  When she talked to Evan, he told her that he had been busy helping fill sandbags in preparation for any flooding.  
Category five Hurricane Camille made landfall near the mouth of the Mississippi river.  Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama received the worst of the initial devastation.  Massive flooding occurred as far north as Virginia. The devastation stretched across several states, and hundreds of people were killed.  Pensacola was spared from the direct impact. They had heavy rainfall, and some flooding, but nothing compared to the other states.  Evan had packed what he could of their personal belongings, and moved it all to the upper floor of the rent house.  The bottom floor of the house flooded with a few inches of water.  His unit was requested to assist with search and rescue.  Phone service was out in most places on the Gulf, and he was not able to call Jacequeline for several days.  She watched the news on TV, and she was relieved that Pensacola did not get directly impacted. She was still worried about what dangers Evan faced assisting with the aftermath.  
The dangers his job required were becoming more real to her.  He would be a full pilot soon, and he would likely go off to war.  Just the few days of him helping with search and rescue were terrifying, and she was not sure how she would manage if he had to be gone for months.    When he was finally able to call her, relief washed over her.  He told her, he would be home as soon as he could.  As worried as she was for Evan’s safety, she was also proud of what he was doing. Her heart was breaking for the people that were living through the disaster. If she had emergency or medical training she would have wanted to be there with him helping in any way that she could.  But since she had none, she decided to help in other ways. She volunteered with fundraising and collection efforts for emergency supplies, food, and emergency shelter, for the displaced survivors.  
Evan was finally able to come home a few weeks later. It seemed like most of their marriage had been spent waiting for him to come home, or preparing for him to go.  This time was no different.  He would barely be home two weeks before he had to fly out to San Diego, to join his RAG squadron.  This would be the last stop before possible deployment, and she was nervous about the future.  They discussed what she would do while he was gone, and she told him she had been considering finding a job.  He told her that she didn’t have to work. She told him that she needed a way to keep her mind occupied while he was gone.  She told him that sitting and waiting by the phone for him to call was hard, and worrying if he was alright, was even worse.  “Do you regret marrying me?” he asked. “No, I love you.  As hard as it is to be away from you, the time that we have had together has all been worth it.” She told him.  
She took him to the airport a couple of weeks later. She held on to him tightly, when they said their goodbye’s at the gate.  She loved this man, but she hated this lifestyle.  He told her after some final training on the specific plane he would be flying, and then he should be able to fly home for a little while before his deployment.  She stood at the window in the airport and watched as his plane pulled away from the gate.  Tears were streaming down her cheeks when she left the airport.  

September 1969



The following Sunday, she went to the store and collected all the area newspapers. When she got home, she thumbed through the help wanted ads.  She circled several possibilities. It had been just a few days since Evan had left, and she was already going stir crazy.  She had to find a way to fill her day.  Later that evening, she found something appropriate to wear for job hunting, and prepared a resume on Evan’s typewriter. 
Monday morning she got up early, and set out on her quest.  The first few places on her list had her fill out an employment application and leave it.  They told her they would be in touch.  The third stop was Barnes Investment Group.  They had advertised a vacancy for an accounting clerk.  The business was across the state line, in Hackettstown, New Jersey. It was about a thirty minute drive from her house.  She didn’t want to have to commute to work, but considering her limited work experience, she figured she had better weigh all her options. She pulled up in front of the three story building. The top of the building had BIG formed into the bricks.  She walked into the small front lobby.  There was a desk in the middle, a set of elevators to the left, and a set of doors to the right.   She approached the only person at the desk, an older man wearing a security uniform.  She told him she was there to apply for the accounting clerk job.  The security guard directed her to take the elevator up to the third floor, and check in with the reception desk.  She boarded the elevator, and pushed the number three button. 
Before the doors could close, a well-dressed man joined her on the elevator.  He was tall, with short chestnut brown hair. He was wearing a dark gray suit, and a dark blue tie.  He reached over to the buttons and seen that the three was already lit.  He stood back and waited for the elevator doors to close.  He was looking her over, almost as though he were appraising her appearance.  When the elevator doors opened, he let her exit first.  She walked to the reception desk, and told them she was there to apply for the accounting clerk job.  Elevator man walked up behind her, and asked the blonde at the desk if he had any messages. She handed him a stack of papers, and he disappeared down a hall behind her desk.  She handed Jacequeline an application, and told her to fill it out and turn it in.
Jacequeline walked over a small sitting area, and took a seat in one of the brown vinyl chairs.  When she was done with her application, she handed it and her resume, back to the lady at the desk.  The blonde told her that Mr. Barnes said he had time to interview her today, if she would like to wait a few minutes. Jacequeline was surprised.  “I would like to wait for the interview. Thank you.” Jacequeline replied. The blonde instructed her to wait in the sitting area.  Jacequeline was a little nervous. She had not expected to get any interviews today.  She went back to her seat.  A few minutes later, the blonde returned and told Jacequeline to follow her.  They walked down a long hall. Some of the doors they passed were open, and Jacequeline could see they were small individual offices.  This must be the floor where all the big shots work, Jacequeline thought. They arrived at an office near the back of the third floor.  The blonde knocked, and a male voice said come in.  The blonde stood back, and motioned Jacequeline to go in.  When Jacequeline walked into the room, the blonde shut the door behind her.  The man from the elevator was sitting at the big wood desk in the middle of the room.  He motioned for her to come in, and sit in one of the chairs in front of his desk.  She walked over and sat down.  Jacequeline introduced herself, and the man said his name was Frank Barnes.  
He asked her several questions about college. He wanted to know why she had chosen to go to school in Florida.  She told him her husband was in Aviation school in Pensacola, and she had moved down there to be with him.  He asked where her husband was now, and she told him he was in San Diego completing the last of his training before deployment.  She was not sure what to make of Frank Barnes.  In the elevator he gave her the impression of the big bad wolf, the way he looked at her.  But in the office, he seemed more professional.  Maybe she had just read him wrong.  He told her if she wanted it, the job was hers. Jacequeline was surprised. He discussed salary with her as well as benefits.  He was offering four hundred fifty per month, with vacation days and sick days, starting immediately.  Jacequeline had not worked since the Inn, two years earlier.  But that was a lot more money than she was used to making.
She asked him when he would like her to start. Frank told her he would like her to start the next day, if she could. He asked her if she would like a tour of the building, and she told him she would. He showed her around the third floor, and introduced her to some of the other employees. “Your office will be on this floor.” He said. “I will have my own office?” she asked.  “Yes, but I am not sure which one yet. I will have it sorted out by the time you arrive tomorrow.” he said. They went to the third floor lobby, and he told the blonde at the reception desk that Jacequeline would need an employee parking pass. The blonde pulled one out of the drawer on her desk, and handed it to Jacequeline.
He punched the elevator down button, and when they entered he pushed the number two button.   The second floor was full of cubicles. This floor had considerably more staff than the upper floor.  Frank told her that the employees call the second floor the bullpen.  Several people waved at him from their desks.  He guided her to the right and showed her the employee break room, the human resources, and payroll office.  They walked into the human resource office and were greeted by another blonde with big hair and big boobs.  “Catherine, this is Jacequeline. She is going to be starting here tomorrow. When she comes in, I will need you to complete all her new hire paperwork.” Frank told the busty woman.
From there, he led her back down to the ground floor.  They approached same guard she saw when she arrived earlier.  “Barney, this is Jacequeline. She will be starting here tomorrow.” Frank said to him.  Frank put his hand on Jacequeline’s lower back, as he guided her towards the doors on the other side of Barney’s desk.  When they went through the doors, they were in a parking garage.  “This is where you will park tomorrow. You enter through the gate on the back side of the building, and make sure your parking sticker is on your dash.” Frank instructed.  
The guard and the parking security made Jacequeline wonder what kind of business the firm did. “What kind of work does your firm do?” Jacequeline asked him. Frank realized, by the look she was giving him, she was asking because of the security measures at the building. “We handle investments, generally large investments.  Most of the time, our investments do very well.  Unfortunately, on occasion, that is not always the case.” He said. He told her originally the front counter was a reception desk. But they used to have a client that had a short temper. He had a habit of yelling at the receptionist, and one of his outbursts finally made her quit.  
Frank said after the receptionist quit, he decided to convert the reception counter into a security counter, and see if it curtailed any further problems. “Barney basically does the same job that Janice used to do.  He answers the phone, and directs people to the floor they need to go.  The only difference is he is a man, and he is wearing a security uniform.” Frank said smiling. “Did it solve the problem you had with the unruly client?” Jacequeline asked.  “The next time Bob came in, he looked at Barney, and was a complete gentleman. I didn’t have any more problems out of him.  But eventually, we did end our business relationship anyway.  His demands and his expectations were too unrealistic.” Frank stated. Jacequeline thanked him for the tour, and for the opportunity.  She told him she was eager to start, and would be here bright and early the next morning.  Frank told her that Barney opened the doors at 7:30. He walked her back to the front lobby, and watched as she left out the front door.  As she walked away, Frank stood in the lobby watching her go.  He was thinking he had hit the jackpot. She was stunning, she seemed fairly smart, and she was a Roberts.  It was a shame she was married. Then again, her husband was away, maybe she will get lonely.
That night Evan called, and she filled him in on her new job.  He seemed excited for her.  He was surprised by how much it paid.  She was making a little more than he was.  When he mentioned that, she asked if it bothered him, and he laughed.  “It’s all ours isn’t it?” he said.  She was glad he felt that way.  Some men would be bothered by their wife earning more.  She told him about the building, and how she would be working on the upper floor.  She also told him she will have her own office.  “I am proud of you sweetheart.” he told her, and he meant it.  
She arrived a few minutes before eight the next morning.  She had packed a lunch, unsure if she would be given a scheduled lunch break.  She parked in the lot and made sure her parking pass was on the dash.  She saw Frank getting out of a big black car in the parking space next to the door.  She thanked him again for the opportunity as he was walking in with her.  They rode the elevator up together, and he showed her to her new office.  It was right next to his.  It was smaller than his but was equipped with an electric typewriter, and an electronic calculating machine.  She also had two filing cabinets in her office.  Frank told her to settle in and he would send somebody up to give her the run down on what her job entailed.  
She went around to her desk and sat down.  She had a nice chair.  It was black padded leather, and stainless.  It swiveled and was on casters to roll.  Her desk was wood, and had a typing table to the side.  She sat down and spun around in the chair.  She walked to the window.  She had a view of the street than ran the side of the building, as well as part of the main road in front.  She was still looking out the window, when somebody tapped on her door.  She turned and saw a man about Evan’s age standing and looking at her.  She told him to come in.  He approached her and held out his hand.  He was a little taller than Jacequeline, slender, with short brown hair swept to the side.  He wore thick black glasses that he constantly pushed up on his nose.  “Clifford Holden, but I prefer to be called Cliff.” he said to her, as he shook her hand.  “Jacequeline Roberts, please to meet you” she replied.  
Cliff said he was supposed to show Jacequeline the ropes.  He told her that the firm handles investments for a number of people, and that Mr. Barnes also has investments of his own.  “Your job is to basically handle the incoming and outgoing accounts, as well as audit each individual account, to ensure that they are profitable.  Down stairs the accounting clerks are assigned specific cases they monitor and make investments for, and you supervise those also.” He explained.  “Supervise?  I think there has been some kind of mistake.  I was hired to be an accounting clerk” she stated.  Cliff looked as confused as she did.  “Mr. Barnes told me that you were the new Accounts supervisor.” Cliff stated.  “Can you wait here a moment?” Jacequeline asked.  She left her office, and knocked on Mr. Barnes door.  He told her to come in.  “Mr. Barnes, I think there has been some kind of mistake,” Jacequeline said.  “Call me Frank.  What kind of mistake? Do you not like your chair?” he asked.  She told him the chair was fine, it was the job.  She explained that she had applied for a clerk position, and that Cliff was briefing her on the supervisor’s job.  “There is no mistake. I hired you for the Supervisor’s job.” He said.  Jacequeline asked him why.  Frank told her he liked her drive, and he saw great potential, and thought she would do well.  He told her that Cliff had been with the company for several years and he would help her until she felt comfortable with the position. 
“I have to ask, if Cliff knows the job, why not give him the position?” She asked.  “Cliff is a hard worker, but he is a little socially shy.  Your job not only requires that you supervise, but on occasion socialize with the clients.  Cliff is not a very social person, and the clients do not relate well to him.  Cliff is directly under you. The staff does get along well with him.  If you need something done, he is your guy.” Frank concluded.
Jacequeline supposed all that made sense.  “Can I ask you one final question?  I have no prior experience, I am fresh out of college, so why did you pick me?” she asked.  Frank told her that he picked her for several reasons.  He liked that she attended college in Florida.  He said many of his New York clients have either retired to Florida or are planning on it. He said that would give her something to talk about, during social engagements.  He also liked that she had waitressed at the Inn a couple of summers earlier. He said he has found that service occupations tend to make people outgoing and not afraid to ask for what they want.  And lastly, he said it did not hurt that her last name was Roberts.  He said the name is well known. Potential clients feel more comfortable doing business with someone familiar, and having a well-known last name was the next best thing.  Not to mention the Roberts name carries weight in this area. Until the last part she liked what she heard.  It was not like he was saying the Roberts family pulled strings to get her the job. She just got hired because of name recognition.  She supposed she would have to get used to it, if she wanted to work.  It was not like she had plans to change her name.  
She thanked him for his candor, and left his office.  Cliff was still waiting for her when she returned.  He asked if she got everything straightened out.  She told him she guessed she was his supervisor.  She told him she was sorry if he was passed over for the job.  He smiled at her, slid his glasses up his nose, and told her it was fine.  
Cliff and Frank turned out to be the only people friendly to her in the building.  The first few weeks, she got the feeling people were whispering about her behind her back.  She asked Cliff about it one day while they were working in her office.  He sighed and told her that some of the staff was speculating about how she got the job.  He said he made it clear to all of those that had asked him, that she was happily married, and there was no funny business going on with the boss.  She sighed, and sat down in her chair.  She thought they were speculating about her name getting her the job. She never considered they thought her looks did.  She could no more change her looks than she could change her name.  She decided to work extra hard to prove she deserved the position, and show them all.  
Cliff turned out to be a remarkable teacher, and together they made quite a team.  He was super smart, and a math whiz.  She felt like they may be becoming friends, but she was hesitant because she was not sure how Evan would feel about her having a male friend.  One day they were riding the elevator down to the ground floor to go to lunch together.  The elevator stopped on the second floor.  One of the associates named Marty was waiting to board the elevator. When he locked eyes with Cliff, he said he would wait for another.  The doors closed and continued down.  Jacequeline asked Cliff what that was about.  Cliff insisted it was nothing.  Jacequeline continued to push, hoping her staff was not at odds with each other.  They got into her car with Cliff still denying there was a problem.  
Jacequeline turned to him in the car.  “Cliff, you have helped me a lot since I got here. I consider you a friend. If you are having a problem with somebody at work, I wish you would tell me.” She said firmly. Cliff looked at her, “You consider me a friend?” he asked. Jacequeline told him, that she did, but she was hesitant to really define it that way because she was not sure if her husband would get jealous.  Cliff burst out laughing.  “What is so funny?” she asked, taken aback.  “Your husband has nothing to worry about, you are not my type.” he said.  Jacequeline was not sure how to take that, and wasn’t sure if he had just insulted her.  He must have realized by her expression that he might have insulted her.  “Oh no, no, no, don’t get me wrong, you are perfectly lovely. It’s just…., well,” He hesitated for a minute. “Can I trust you with a secret?” he asked, obviously nervous about confiding in her.  “Of course you can.” she replied.  “I am not attracted to women.” he told her.  Jacequeline was stunned.  He told her he understood if she did not want to work with him anymore.  
To her knowledge, she had never been around anybody that was gay before.  She had watched the news coverage of the Stonewall Riots in New York a few months earlier.  She asked him if he had been a part of the riots last June, in New York.  He told her that he had not, but he had watched them on the news.  He said that while he does not condone violence as a way to make a statement, he had to admire the bravery of those that had stood up for gay rights.  She considered it for a moment.  She smiled and asked, “Would it be okay if I trust your secret with my husband. I think it would put his mind at ease about us being friends.”  Cliff smiled, “You still want to be friends?” he asked.  “Absolutely, this is perfect, because my husband won’t feel threatened by our friendship.” she said.  “Now can you tell me what the weirdness is between you and Marty?” she asked.  On the way to lunch Cliff told her that him and Marty had started going out and were afraid of people in the office finding out.  “Well, you are going to have to quit trying so hard to avoid each other, because it looks real suspicious.” She told him.  
After that lunch, she and Cliff became fast friends.  She told Evan about Cliff.  She had a pretty good idea her husband would be okay with Cliff.  He had always given her the impression he was pretty open minded.  He told her that he had a friend in boarding school named Daniel. After knowing each other for several years, Daniel confided in him that he liked men. Evan admitted that he did not react very well at first.  He said he was not sure if it was because of his sexuality, or because he felt betrayed that his friend had hid it from him for so long.  Later he decided that he did not really care as long as it was clear that Evan liked girls.  When other students found out his secret, Daniel was ridiculed and beaten up. Then Daniel’s parent’s found out, and they reacted even worse.  They had him committed to a mental institution.  And Daniel hung himself while he was in the institution.   Evan said he had always felt bad for not standing up for Daniel.  Jacequeline said that it was awful, how cruel some people could be.  

October 1969



Frank came into her office on a Wednesday morning and told her he was trying to land a new client, and asked if she would accompany him to a dinner meeting with the client.  She knew from the beginning that socializing with potential clients was part of her job description.  He told her the dinner was this evening, and told her she could take off early so she could go home and get ready.  He told her to dress semi-formal and meet back at the office at five.  
When he left she called down to Cliff’s desk and told him she needed help.  He came up and asked what the problem was.  She told him about the dinner and she did not know what to wear.  “Come with me.” he said.  They told Cynthia at the reception desk they were going out, and to take their messages.  They loaded into Jacequeline’s car and Cliff directed her where to go.  They pulled up in front of Bamberger’s department store.  She found a place to park and the two went inside.  Cliff got one of the associates and told her that Mrs. Roberts has an important dinner meeting and needs appropriate dress.  
Apparently the Robert’s name was well known in high end retail, no doubt due to Elaine.  The sales clerk immediately found them both a place to sit and proceeded to start bringing dresses for them to look at.  She tried on several, gasped at the price tags, but knew she had to get one.  She chose a black sleeveless velvet dress with a satin waist section covered in rhinestones.  The bottom hem fell just above her knees.  Cliff told her it looked very flattering, yet not too revealing.  
The sales clerk helped her find shoes and accessories to accompany the look. The clerk arranged to have her fit in at the salon to get her hair done.   When they finished primping her at the salon, she looked completely different. The beautician styled her hair in a loose up do, and curled the few strands that fell loose.  Cliff gaped at her when she came out of the salon, with a look of amazement.  “Wow, I may have to rethink my preferences.” he said jokingly.  She swatted his arm and laughed.  
She would not have time to go home to change, so Cliff told her she could change at his apartment.  They drove across town to his apartment building and walked upstairs to the second floor. His apartment was the second one down the hall on the right.  It was a small one bedroom apartment, modestly decorated, but cozy.  He got them both a soda from his refrigerator.  It was still a few hours until she had to meet Frank for dinner.  They spent the time talking.  She told him about Evan and their time in Pensacola.  She recounted how scared she was when he stayed behind to help with the hurricane. She told Cliff how much time they had spent apart during their marriage, and how worried she was about him being deployed.  Cliff revealed what it was like for him to grow up gay.  He told her how hard it was to have to pretend to be somebody you’re not.  He said most of his life he had spent fearful of not only being persecuted by people, but even possibly prosecuted by the law.  Jacequeline felt bad for him.  She had never felt like she had to hide who she was, and she could not imagine what it must be like.  “Cliff, the world is changing. Maybe someday it won’t be a big deal.” She told him.  He laughed, “You are the optimistic one, aren’t you.” He replied. 
Jacequeline dressed for her dinner meeting, and drove back to the office.  She used her key to let herself back into the building.  She went up to the top floor to wait in her office.  A few minutes later, she looked up from her desk and saw Frank staring at her.  “Hello.” she said.  “You look stunning.” he told her.  She thanked him for the compliment.  “Shall we go?” he asked.  He led her out of the building, and opened the passenger door of his car for her to get in.  He got in, and drove them out of the garage.  
He drove down to the biggest hotel in town.  The restaurant on the bottom floor was five-star. It was by far, nicest place in town.  The concierge took them to a table in the corner, and told them they would bring the rest of the party when they arrive.  Frank asked her if she wanted a drink. She told him she really does not drink.   Jacequeline had only drunk alcohol once in her life, and that was just a few sips at her wedding.  She didn’t really like the taste of alcohol.  Frank told her that when their guest arrives, if they drink, she drinks.
Jacequeline was in a dilemma. She had to drive back home after this dilemma.  She had never really consumed alcohol.  She thought of the bad choices her father and aunt had made under the influence.  Not to mention, she had to drive home after this dinner.  She was going to have to figure something out.  Jacequeline excused herself from the table to go freshen up.  She slipped outside and used the phone booth to call Cliff.  “I have only had alcohol once and it was just a few sips, what if I get drunk and make a fool of myself.  This is my first dinner meeting with clients.  How will I be able to get home, if I have too much?” She rattled off her questions.  Cliff told her to calm down and to go to the bar, tip the bartender and tell him to make whatever she orders virgin, but make it look like a regular cocktail.  “You’re a lifesaver, thank you so much.” she said.  
She quickly hung up and returned to the restaurant.  She approached the bartender and handed him a ten dollar bill. She instructed him to discretely make all her cocktails virgin.  She asked what she should order to make it easier.  He instructed her to ask for a vodka highball with a cherry.   He told her not to forget to ask for the cherry, so he would know it was her drink Highballs don’t usually come with a cherry.  She thanked him, and returned to the table. The waitress came over to take their order.  Jacequeline ordered her drink.  Frank ordered a scotch neat.  
They were joined by the client, an older man, with a pot belly, that hung over the waist band of his pants.  His hair was thinning on top and gray on the sides. Frank did the honors of introducing them.  “Howard, this is Jacequeline Roberts, Jacequeline this is Howard Thornton.”  “Roberts? Any relation to Henry Roberts?” Howard asked.  “Henry is my father-in-law.” Jacequeline replied.  “Evan’s wife, I haven’t seen him in years. Henry used to bring him to the golf course to play, when he was a lad.” Howard said.  The dinner went well.  Howard agreed to invest with the firm.  In fact, it was going so well, Jacequeline forgot to request the cherry in her next highball.  When she ordered the second drink, it was delivered the same time as her dinner.  The dinner was a little spicy, and hot, she took a big drink to wash it down.  With the heat of the entrée she did not notice that the drink tasted a little different.  It was not until she had practically downed the drink, that she realized it did in fact taste different. And there was no cherry.  Crap, she thought. She realized she had nearly guzzled the entire drink.  
She excused herself from the table again.  She snuck out to the phone booth again, and called Cliff.  She explained what had happened, and told him she was already feeling a little light headed.   He told her to get a pen and paper and write a note to Frank. He said to tell him that she was not feeling well, and to please excuse her for leaving early.  He instructed her to flag down a waitress to deliver it to their table.  Cliff told her he would leave immediately, and for her to wait out front and he would pick her up.  Jacequeline did exactly what Cliff had instructed, and then waited out front for Cliff to pick her up.  He got there pretty quickly.  Jacequeline asked him if he would drive her home.  They drove to the office first.  Cliff left his car and he drove her home in the Mustang.  He told her that Marty would come and pick him up and take him back to his car.  
When they walked into her house she was feeling pretty silly, she was not falling down drunk, but she was feeling pretty good.  She told Cliff she may have just panicked, and probably could have managed the rest of dinner.  Cliff told her that she would not have wanted to chance it with a new client. And if she was feeling light headed, she definitely shouldn’t have drove home.  She agreed it was probably for the best. She had helped seal the deal with Mr. Thornton, so she hoped Frank would not be too angry with her for skipping out early on dinner.  
“Let me just check my phone messages, then you can use the phone to call Marty.” Jacequeline told Cliff.  She walked over to the Ansafone and pressed the button.  Evans voice filled the room.  “Jackie, I did not want to leave this on a message, but I may not have another chance to get ahold of you.  My deployment date has changed.  I leave out on Monday.  I will keep trying to get ahold of you if I can.  I love you.” Evans voice said from the recorder.  
Jacequeline just stood there staring at the phone and the answering machine.  Cliff could not help but hear the recording.  “Are you ok?” he asked.  She could not find words, she just shook her head.  He guided her to the living room and had her sit on the sofa.   Cliff sat down beside her and tried to offer her comfort.  “Why don’t you fly out to see him?” Cliff said excitedly. Jacequeline asked him how that would work. Evan would not know she was coming. Would he be able to see her if she went? She went to the phone and asked the operator to assist her with placing a call to the naval base in San Diego.  When she got an answer, she told them she was Mrs. Evan Roberts. She explained that her husband was scheduled to deploy the upcoming week. She asked if she were to come to California, would she be able to see him.  The person on the other end of the line told her he would have to check. He asked for her phone number, and said he would see if somebody could get back to her in a couple of days.
She disconnected the call and told Cliff she did not know what to do, they were no help.  Cliff suggested she phone her in-laws.  Jacequeline figured after the way she berated Elaine, that it was a lost cause, but she was desperate.  She picked up the phone and dialed the number that Evan had written in his phone book.  A female voice answered and said “Roberts residence.”  Jacequeline asked to speak to Elaine.  The voice asked who was calling. “Jacequeline Roberts.” She replied.  The voice asked her to hold.  In a few minutes, Elaine picked up the phone.  Jacequeline told Elaine about the change in Evan’s deployment. Jacequeline told her that had called the base to find out if she could see Evan if she flew out there. She told Elaine that they gave her the run around. “He will be leaving in four days. I just have to see him before he leaves.” Jacequeline said nearly hysterical.  Jacequeline asked if there was anything Elaine could do to help.  “Let me make some calls. I will let you know.” Elaine said.  Jacequeline was a bundle of nerves waiting to hear back from Elaine.  She kept trying to pick up the phone and call her again, but Cliff would stop her.  Finally, 20 minutes later, the phone rang.  Jacequeline picked it up on the second ring.  “Everything is arranged. Evan will be granted leave from the time you arrive, until the evening before his ship leaves out.” Elaine stated.  “I have also arranged a private jet to fly you to San Diego, so you will not be delayed by tedious things like flight schedules.  It will be waiting for you at the airport.” She continued.   “Thank you so much. I also want to say that I am sorry that I was so hateful to you, when you were over here.” Jacequeline said.  “You are a Roberts now. We do not apologize.” Elaine stated.  Then her voice softened, “But we do occasionally try to make amends. Travel safely, and please tell my son to return in one piece.” Elaine finished. “Elaine, would you like to go with me to see him?” Jacequeline asked.  Elaine was silent for several seconds.  “I am not sure Henry would approve.” She replied.  Jacequeline told her goodbye and thank you.  Jacequeline hung up the phone and told Cliff she needed to pack quickly. 
She asked what she should do about work. Cliff told her he would cover for her.  She came out of the bedroom with her bag.  She asked Cliff if he had Frank’s home number, and luckily he did.  She picked up the phone and called Frank.  When he answered, she apologized for leaving during dinner. He told her he hoped she was feeling better.  She told him that she actually had a personal issue come up, but did not want to explain it in the note.  She told him about Evan’s deployment date being moved up and asked if he would mind if she took a few days off to go see him.  He told her she had just help landed him an account that he had been trying to get for over six months, she could take all the time she needed.  Jacequeline told him she had already spoken to Cliff and he would cover for her.  She promised to be back on Monday.
She was nervous about flying.  She had flown once before on a big commercial plane, but this plane was going to be a lot smaller.  The idea of being the only passenger on the plane actually made her more nervous.  She asked Cliff if he wanted to go, but he told her he should probably stay and keep the office going in her absence.   Jacequeline told him if he would drop her off at the airport, and be there to pick her up when she returned, he could borrow the Mustang to get home.    Cliff asked if she minded if he used her car over the weekend to take Marty out.  She laughed and told him to have fun. 
Jacequeline hurried and loaded her bag into her car.  She was shaking, so she let Cliff drive.  They arrived at the airport, and Cliff pulled her up to the entrance.  She got her bag out of the back and hugged her friend.  She told him that she would call him and give him the return flight information.  Jacequeline hurried inside carrying her bag and checked in with the main desk.  She told them her mother-in-law, Elaine Roberts, had arranged for a private plane for her.  One of the attendants came around and said she would take her bag.  The attendant instructed Jacequeline to follow her.  They went through a set of glass doors that led out to the tarmac.  She saw a small plane with a metal staircase on wheels pushed up to the door.  She told Jacequeline to board the plane and she would take care of the luggage.  Jacequeline climbed the staircase and met a flight attendant at the entrance.  She told Jacequeline to pick her seat and they would be leaving out momentarily.  Jacequeline had a few seats to choose from, she counted that it was equipped to accommodate 10 passengers.  She sat there waiting nervously for the plane to start moving.  The attendant came back into the seating area and told her there would be a short delay and asked if she wanted something to drink.  “Delay? Is something wrong with the plane?” Jacequeline asked nervously.  The attendant assured her that the plane was fine, that they were just adding another passenger.
Jacequeline asked what time they would arrive in San Diego.  It was about 7pm when she boarded the plane, and she was not sure how late she would be able to pick up Evan.  The stewardess told her that with the time difference it would probably be about 8:30.  A few minutes later Elaine Roberts walked on to the plane.  Jacequeline could not believe her eyes.  “I thought you said Henry would not approve.” Jacequeline said smiling.  “Another thing you need to learn about being a Roberts, especially Roberts women, we do not particularly care what other people think.” Elaine stated, and took a seat next to Jacequeline. 
The plane ride was turbulent at times, and Jacequeline was a nervous wreck.   Elaine noticed how tightly Jacequeline was gripping the seat arms.  She asked the stewardess if the plane was equipped with a bar.  The stewardess said it was.  She ordered them both a Manhattan.  The stewardess returned a few minutes later with two glasses. She handed one of the glasses to Jacequeline. She looked at the drink, it was brown with a hint of red, and had a cherry floating in it.  Jacequeline had only had her second alcoholic drink ever, earlier that evening.  She took a sip, it was strong.  The plane bounced again, and she took a drink.  By the second cocktail, she thought they tasted pretty good.  While Elaine was in the restroom, Jacequeline ordered a third.
When their plane started it’s decent into the San Diego airport, the effects of the alcohol started kicking in, and she was feeling really good.  Elaine had arranged for a car to be waiting.  The driver opened the door, and helped them in, then took their bags and loaded them into the trunk.  He drove them to the Navy base, announced them at the gate, and provided their ID’s.  The guard directed them to pull over to one of the first buildings.  Jacequeline was definitely feeling the effects from the alcohol, and had started giggling.  “Pull yourself together, we are here.” Elaine said sternly.  The driver opened the door, and helped the ladies out.  Jacequeline put her arm around her mother-in-law, and told her she loved her.  “Oh dear God, have you never consumed alcohol before?” Elaine asked.  “A teeny tiny bit at my wedding, and a little bit before our flight,” Jacequeline replied, still giggling.  Elaine instructed the driver to put the other Mrs. Roberts back into the car and not to let her out.  Elaine went inside the building alone, to collect Evan.  She greeted the base commander, and thanked him for meeting her so late.  “It’s hard to refuse, when the Secretary of the Navy asks for a favor.” He replied.  Elaine told him that the Secretary and her husband are old friends, and golfing buddies.
The Commander told her to have a seat in his office to wait while Evan was located. Out the window, she saw Jacequeline run through the parking lot, with their driver chasing behind her.  “Is there some way to hurry this up?” She asked the Commander, trying to keep his attention away from the window.  She looked out the window again, and Jacequeline was peeking over the window ledge, and waiving at her.  The driver came up to Jacequeline and seemed to be arguing with her.  She bolted again. Jacequeline appeared to be sprinting in circles around the lot.  In a couple of minutes, Elaine saw the driver coming across the parking lot, headed towards the car, with Jacequeline slung over his shoulder.  She looked at the commander, and just as he was about to look out the window, Evan walked into the office.  He seemed surprised to see his mother.  “They told me Mrs. Roberts was here to see me. I was expecting to see my wife.”  He said, smiling at his mother.  
The commander handed him a three day pass, and told him not to miss his boat.  Elaine hurried him out of the office.  Evan told her he needed to get some clothes from his barrack.  "I will buy you some more, get in the car." Elaine responded. She pushed him towards the exit.  Evan asked her what the hurry was. "I may have gotten your wife intoxicated.  We need to get her off this base before she gets arrested." Elaine replied. When they arrived at the car, the driver was leaned up against it, trying to catch his breath.  
The back window rolled down. Jacequeline hung half of her body out of the window. “Baby, I’ve missed you,” she said very loudly to Evan.  Evan looked at his mother, “You did this?” he said, with a grin on his face.  Elaine told him to get in the car before they all got arrested.  She went around to the passenger side to get in. The driver started to go around, to open her door.  “Just get in and drive,” she told him, and she opened her own door.  Evan crawled in the back, on the driver’s side. He and Elaine had Jacequeline sandwiched between them.  
Jacequeline twisted around on the seat and laid her head back in his lap, and put her feet up on Elaine’s lap.  Shocked, Elaine looked down at Jacequeline’s dirty bare feet, rakishly placed in her lap, and on her new white dress.   “Dear God! You need to get ahold of yourself!” Elaine stated, as she shoved Jacequeline’s feet off of her lap.  Apparently, she had lost her shoes during her jog around the navy base.  Evan was trying very hard to stifle his laughter.  
Jacequeline sat up facing Elaine.  “I love you.” She said to the older Mrs. Roberts.  Evan continued snickering.  Jacequeline tipped her head back and looked at Evan, “Your mommy is my mommy now too, and I love her.” She said to him.  Evan burst out laughing.  Elaine cut eyes at him, with a look that said, do not encourage her.  Jacequeline took Elaine’s face in her hands and said “I mean it. I really love you.” Jacequeline slurred. She placed her hands on Elaine’s cheeks and squeezed them, distorting her face. Elaine pulled back from her grasp.   “I love you too dear. Now let’s turn around in the seat, and be a good girl.” Elaine replied, as calmly as she could.  Evan was still chuckling.  “Who needs a drink?” He asked. Elaine cut him another dirty look. Elaine asked the driver if he had any idea where Jacequeline’s shoes were.  “Mrs. Roberts said that her shoes made her feet hot. She tossed them on the roof of the base commander’s office.” Roger replied. “Lovely,” Elaine stated, exasperated by the whole event.  
Elaine’s assistant had booked them suites to the US Grant Hotel.  When they pulled up to the front of the hotel entrance, Elaine asked Evan to go to the trunk and go through Jacequeline’s bag to see if she had brought another pair of shoes. He located a pair of sandals and helped her put them on her feet.  Elaine walked up to the driver and handed him a 50 dollar bill and asked him to forget about today’s events.  He told her it was unlikely anyone would believe him anyway.  
Elaine told Evan to keep Jacequeline outside until she got them checked in.  She walked into the hotel lobby and up to the reservations desk.  “I have two suites reserved for Roberts.” She said.  When she finished signing the registration forms, she looked up and noticed the desk clerk looking out of the window.  She followed his gaze and saw Jacequeline throwing up in front of the entrance to the hotel.  “My poor daughter-in-law is suffering terrible morning sickness.” she lied to the desk clerk.  He handed Elaine the key’s to their rooms, and told her what floor they were on.  He told her that he would have somebody escort them to their rooms and bring up their luggage.  She told him that it would not be necessary, that she had her own staff to bring up the luggage.  
Elaine did not want the hotel staff anywhere near Jacequeline until she sobered up.  She hurried back outside, and told Evan to grab their bags.  She asked Jacequeline if she could stand. Elaine helped her up. Jacequeline threw an arm around Elaine’s shoulders and was leaning on her as they made their way to the elevator.  Jacequeline was running her fingers through Elaine’s hair as they walked.  Elaine heard Evan chuckling from behind them again.   “Evan, this is not the least bit humorous!” his mother stated as she pushed the elevator button.  “From where I am standing mother, this is hilarious.” He replied.  “You always did have a twisted sense of humor,” she said as they boarded the elevator. 
When they arrived at their suites he opened the door to his first, and they helped Jacequeline to the bedroom, and laid her on the bed.  He carried his mother’s bags next door to her room, while Elaine kept an eye on Jacequeline.  When he came back Jacequeline was passed out on the bed.  He looked at his mother and asked how she got so drunk.  They sat down at the dinette in the room and Elaine told him about the plane ride and the turbulence and she told him Jacequeline only had 2 manhattans, and she never dreamed it would have that effect.  
Evan ordered them room service and he had a nice dinner with his mother in the room while Jacequeline slept off the alcohol.  He was glad he had an opportunity to spend some time with her.  He had always been closer to his mother than his father.  He had always had a difficult time meeting Henry’s expectations. After she finished eating Elaine told Evan she was going to return to her room, she said it had been a long day and she was tired.  He hugged his mother and told her he was glad she had come.  He walked her to the door, and watched as she let herself into the room next door.  
Evan went back into the bedroom area and looked at his wife.  She was a mess.  His heart swelled with love for this woman.  He had never seen his mother so out of sorts, and he had never seen her so down to earth either.  He had Jacequeline and rye to thank for that, he thought and smiled.  He lifted Jacequeline up and moved her up on the bed.  He carefully removed her dress, so that she was more comfortable.  Then he pulled the blankets up over her.  He sat a glass of water and some aspirin on his night stand for her.  He went around and stripped his clothes off and climbed in next to her.  He held her close, just happy to be holding her.  
Early the next morning he felt her stirring next to him.  When her eyes opened he handed her the water and aspirin.  “Oh God, how did you know?” she asked. She took the aspirin from him and the glass and swallowed the pills down.  She asked him what happened.  Evan gladly recounted the events, including the parts he had not seen but heard from his mother.  Jacequeline put the pillow over her head and told him to kill her now.  He moved the pillow, and told her it was the funniest thing he had ever seen.  She shoved him back and said, “See if I ever fly across country to see you again.”  She stuck her bottom lip out and pretended to be pouting.  He gently bit her bottom lip.  Jacequeline told him to wait until she had brushed her teeth.  
She got up and realized she was wearing nothing but her panties and bra. “What happened to my clothes?” Jacequeline asked as she headed for the bathroom.  “Maybe they’re on top of the base commanders building, with your shoes?” he said jokingly.  She stuck her head out of the bathroom, threw her bra at him, and stuck her tongue out.  When she came back into the room she was wearing nothing.  He was lying on his back on the bed. She crawled on top of him straddling him. She rubbed his head.  He asked if she liked the hair cut.  The navy had given him a crew cut, and it was short.  Evan asked her what she thought, and she told him it made him look rugged, and she liked it.  
He pulled her down to kiss him.  His tongue entered her mouth.  Jacequeline could feel him grow hard under her.  She raised up on her knees more and held his cock, while she eased down on to it.  He grabbed her hips and tried to match her rhythm as she rode him.  This was the first time she had tried to be on top, and his hard shaft went in much deeper, and it seemed to hit places deep within her that made her tingle.  She felt that growing need building within her and her pace quickened.  “Oh God!” she shouted.  “I can feel it, I am about to cum!” she yelled.  He felt her warm liquid pour over him, and that sent him over.  He grabbed her waist to stop her from moving as he filled her.  “It’s sensitive afterwards, don’t you remember.” he said. “Oh really.” she said slyly, and she moved her hips with him still inside.  “Stop” he said smiling.  She moved some more.
He pushed her off of him.  She laid on her back giggling.  Evan told her that two could play this game.  He spread her legs and took her clit into his mouth, and began licking and sucking on it.  Jacequeline sucked in air, and her eyes rolled back.  He inserted his finger inside her, palm up and lifted the finger to find her golden spot behind her bladder.  “OH MY GOD!” she yelled.  She was wiggling around beneath him, unsure what to do with herself.  He felt the walls of her pussy clamp down on his finger, and spasm, the wetness covering his hand, but he did not stop.  He continued massaging her with his finger, while his tongue worked its magic on her clit.  When she seemed completely out of breath, and told him she could not handle another.  He stopped and smiled at her.  She just laid there weak from their love making, and the numerous orgasms she had.  He pulled her over to him and held her.  
They laid there together for a long time not saying anything, just happy to be holding each other.  He suggested they take a shower, and they both got up and headed to the bathroom.  They made love again in the shower, and she realized the sensitivity applied to women as well.  When they came out, they heard a knock on the suite door.  Evan put a robe on and went to answer it.  Concierge wheeled a rack of clothing into the room.  He told Evan that Mrs. Roberts had requested they bring some items up from the tailor for him to select from.  He picked a couple pairs of slacks and shirts.  They also handed him a department store sack that had undergarments and a pair of dress shoes.
Jacequeline came out of the bedroom dressed in jeans and a t-shirt.  The concierge asked her if she needed any items sent up for herself.  “Mrs. Roberts thought you might be in need of new shoes.”  He said.  Jacequeline’s cheeks turned red.  She told him she did not need anything, and hurried back to the bedroom.  She heard the concierge leave and she came back out.  “I am never going to live that down am I?” she asked Evan.  “It will make a great story to tell our grandchildren someday” he said laughing.  She threw a pillow off the couch at him.  
Someone knocked on the suite door again.  Evan opened it and it was his mother.  He let her into their suite.  Jacequeline got up and walked over to her.  “I am so sorry Mrs. Roberts” she said.  “Dear, at this point we can certainly do away with formalities, after all I have had your bare feet in my lap,” Elaine said, and smiled. Elaine told them the car would be picking them up in an hour at the hotel. She thought they could spend the day shopping, and suggested they get ready.  Jacequeline said she would just need to run a brush through her hair and put her shoes on.  Elaine looked her up and down, and then looked at Evan disapprovingly.  “We are going to Beverly Hills, aren’t we?” He asked his mother.  “Of course, dear” she replied to him.  She turned back to Jacequeline, and studied her again.  “Dear, do you have anything in your bag that is not denim?” she asked.  Jacequeline looked down at her clothing.  Elaine was taking them all the way to Beverly Hills to shop Rodeo drive, and she was dressed like a teenager.  Jacequeline told her that she packed in such a hurry, and she had not brought much.  She went on to tell them that she doubted her closet held much that would impress Beverly Hills, even if she would have had enough time to pick through it before she left.  
She told Elaine she would see if she could find something a little nicer to change into, and returned to the bedroom to go through her suitcase. Luckily, Cliff had thrown one of her plaid skirts, and a sleeveless knit sweater into the suitcase.  She quickly got dressed, ran a brush through her hair, and put a headband on.  She put some lipstick on, and looked herself over in the mirror, not too bad she thought. She hurried back to the living area.  Evan gave her the hungry eyes when she walked back into the room, and she smiled at him.  Elaine, however, still did not seem to be impressed.  “I suppose this will have to do.” she said.  
Evan reached for Jacequeline’s hand as they followed his mother out of the suite.  The elevator landed at the lobby floor. When the doors opened, the concierge that had assisted Elaine with checking in was standing at the elevator waiting to go up.  “Ahh, the Roberts family. I do home your accommodations have been to your standards.” He said.  Elaine told him she expected no less from the US Grant Hotel, and that is why she always stays here when she is in town.  He turned to Jacequeline and asked her if her morning sickness was better today.  Jacequeline was puzzled, but before she could respond, Elaine spoke up.  “Yes, poor dear, she has such a rough time of it some days. We should get her along now.” Elaine replied to the concierge.  The concierge boarded the elevator, and Jacequeline realized Evan was staring at her.  “Did you forget to tell me something? Should you have been drinking yesterday?” he asked Jacequeline.  Jacequeline told him she was just as confused as he was.  “She is not with child Evan. At least, not that I am aware.  I told the staff that yesterday, because your wife was leaving her dinner on the sidewalk of a 5 star hotel.”  Elaine explained.  Evan started laughing.  “Well, aren’t you creative mother.  I had no idea you were so skilled at being deceptive.” He said.  Elaine told him to never underestimate her abilities.  
The same car and the same driver, that had driven them the day before was waiting in front of the hotel for them.  He opened the car door for them, and assisted the ladies into the car.  Evan asked the driver how he got stuck with them again.  Roger told him that Mrs. Roberts had insisted, that he be their driver for her entire stay in San Diego.  When Evan joined them in the back, he asked his mother why she wanted Roger to drive them again.  She told him it is better to only have to pay off one person’s silence, than have several that know their secrets.  Roger looked back in the rear view and smiled.  
Evan turned to Jacequeline sitting next to him in the car and patted her stomach.  “I am actually a little disappointed.” he said.  That surprised Jacequeline. They had not discussed children. Their courtship and marriage had all happened so quickly. And so far most of their marriage they had spent apart.  She told him that they could work on it when he gets out of the service.  “Something to look forward to then.” he said smiling.
The drive north took a few hours, the view was beautiful.  Jacequeline had never been far from home, and this was the first time she had been to California.  Evan looked over at Elaine and asked about his father.  Elaine said he was fine.  He asked if Henry was still angry with him.  Elaine looked at Evan, and told him that Henry had seen combat himself in Europe, and had lost many friends.  He did not want to lose his only son.  “Your father is stubborn, and he felt like you defied him, and it will take some time for him to get over it.” Elaine said.  
Roger asked Mrs. Roberts where she would like to go first, and she told him the Beverly Wilshire.  They arrived at the Beverly Wilshire, and Jacequeline realized it was a hotel.  “Were we supposed to pack to stay overnight?” she asked.  Evan explained that his mother typically reserves a hotel room if she shops out of town. He said the department stores can send her purchases to the hotel. And it also gives her a place to change for dinner.  Elaine was let out of the car and escorted into the hotel by Roger.  Evan and Jacequeline remained in the car.  In a few minutes Elaine returned and handed Evan a key to their suite.  She suggested they all go and freshen up before going out.  
The concierge led them up to the suite.  It was even larger than the rooms they had at the hotel in San Diego.  This time they had a two bedroom suite.  Elaine had asked concierge to send someone to the suite to assist her with her shopping for the day.  She asked Evan if he and Jacequeline would like to accompany her shopping or would they rather have a car take them to see some of the sights.  Jacequeline looked at Evan. She was hoping they would go off alone for the day.  He looked at Jacequeline, and seemed to be reading her mind.  He smiled, and said they would need their own car.  The concierge nodded and left the room.  Elaine went into one of the bedrooms to freshen up and when she returned to the living area she was wearing different clothes.  “I didn’t see them bring a bag up for you.” Jacequeline said confused.  Elaine told her that she had the concierge place a rack of clothing from the downstairs boutique her in the room to select from.
There was a knock at the suite door and Evan went to answer it.  The concierge was back, and a well-dressed woman was accompanying him.  The concierge introduced Charlotte to the Robert’s.  She was tall, or perhaps she just seemed very tall because she was wearing heals.  She wore her blonde hair pulled back in a tight bun, and was wearing a navy dress suit, with a white shirt underneath.  She was slim and exceptionally pretty.  Charlotte seemed to smile a little too much when she shook Evan’s hand.  Jacequeline came up next to Evan and extended her own hand, while placing her other on Evan’s arm.  
Jacequeline had never felt jealous or territorial before, but she wanted it to be known, he was hers. Charlotte shook Jacequeline’s extended hand, then addressed Elaine.  “How can I be of service to you today, Mrs. Roberts?”  Elaine told her that the two of them would be going out shopping while her son and daughter-in-law tour the city.  She wanted Charlotte to get Jacequeline’s and Evan’s sizes so that they may pick up some items for them as well.   Jacequeline looked at her mother in law, then at Evan.  What does she mean get there sizes? Jacequeline thought. Jacequeline silently tried to send this question to Evan, but he seemed to have lost the ability to read her mind, probably because Charlotte was still smiling at him.
Charlotte pulled out a tape measure and a notebook. She proceeded to start measuring the back of Evans shoulders, then the length of his arms.  Charlotte told Evan, a little too sweetly, that she had to measure him for pants next.  Jacequeline could feel heat building up inside her.    Elaine must have noticed, and she suggested that Jacequeline assist by doing the measuring for Evan while Charlotte wrote the measurements in her book. She said she thought that it would speed up the process.  Charlotte seemed disappointed, but she complied and held out the tape measure for Jacequeline.  Jacequeline snatched it from her hand, just like she wanted to snatch the hair from her head.  If this Barbie doll thinks she was going to get anywhere near my husband’s inseam, she has another thing coming, Jacequeline thought.  Jacequeline completed the measures for Evan’s waist, inseam and pant length.  He measured his own foot size for her records.  Charlotte measured Jacequeline, and she was not nearly as gentle as she had been with Evan’s upper half.  When she was done, Evan asked that she have some beach wear sent up from the boutique for his wife to choose from.  Charlotte copied the measures on another sheet of paper. She handed it to the concierge and asked him to carry it to the boutique down stairs.  She used the suite phone and placed a call to the boutique and told them what kind of clothing to send up.  
Elaine told Charlotte it was time for them to be on their way, and the two of them left.  When they had gone, Evan turned around and was smirking at Jacequeline.  “Did I detect a little jealousy from my wife?” Evan asked playfully.  “I do not know what you are talking about.” she replied straight faced.  He walked over to her, still grinning.  “So you would not have had a problem with her measuring me for pants?”  He asked, still playing with her.  “If she did not get her hands off my husband when she did, she would have needed a wig.” Jacequeline stated with a very serious look on her face.  Evan started laughing.  “I had no idea I married such a ferocious woman.” he said, still smiling at her.  
He took her into his arms and kissed her.  He told her that he only had eyes for her, and no other woman would ever stand a chance.  He swept her up into his arms and carried her to their bedroom.  She could see the love and the hunger in his eyes for her.  He laid her on their bed, and slowly unbuttoned his shirt.  He started to unbuckle his belt, and she reached for it instead.  She slid the belt from his pant loops, and undid the button on his trousers, all the while looking into his eyes.  She chewed her bottom lip as she slid her hand into the waist to help to move them down over his ass.  His pants slid to the floor and he kicked them off, along with his shoes.  He was standing in front of her in nothing but his briefs.  She put her hand on his chest, he had gotten very muscular during basic training, she thought.  She had him sit down on the bed.  She lifted her sweater over her head, and tossed it to the floor.  She unbuttoned the skirt she was wearing and it dropped to the floor.  She worked the bra hooks loose, and tossed it across the room.  He reached for her, and took her panties and slid them down over her ass, and let them fall.  She was naked in front of him, and she could see his erection through his underwear.  “Let me help you get these off.” She said.   She pushed him back on the bed.  He worked his way back on the bed so that he was lying on the pillows. She took ahold of the band of his underwear and slid them down, and off.  His erection was standing to attention.  
From the foot of the bed, she proceeded to crawl up on the bed towards him on her hands and knees, stopping halfway up his body.  She placed her hand on his cock and held him firmly. Jacequeline placed him into her mouth, and she heard him suck in his breath, she looked up at him while she was sucking, and she saw his eyes roll back.  Knowing he really liked it, made her like it.  She could feel him squirm a little, and moan.  She was feeling extremely aroused.  “Stop, baby, or you will make me cum.” he breathlessly.  She did not want to stop.  She sucked on the head, while her hand sliding up and down the length.  She felt his body stiffen.  She could feel his cock start to throb and her mouth fill with his juices.  
She swallowed and continued to suck, but more gentle.  He was extremely sensitive.  “Did you swallow?” He asked while flinching and jerking a little.  She nodded, while still letting her tongue curl around the head of his cock.  His spent, semi-hard cock suddenly became fully hard again.  She smiled.  She took it out of her mouth and straddled him.  She eased down on him, and began to ride it.  “What are you doing to me?” he asked smiling.  She was riding him gently trying to take all of him. Her eyes closed feeling every slow stroke.  His hands found her breasts and he was squeezing and playing with her nipples.  She could feel the heat rising up deep within her, and she told him she was fixing to cum.  He rolled her to her back, and took charge.  His pace showed his hunger and within just a few minutes he told her he was about to cum, this sent her over the edge, she felt her body start to spasm, and she felt his hot liquid fill her.  
He rolled to the side of her and brought her over to him to hold her.  “God, I love you.  You are exceptional.” He said.  “I know you told me that you were a virgin on our wedding night. But you do such a remarkable job with your mouth. Have you ever done anything with another man?” he asked. “Of course not.” she said a little indignant. I had never even tongue kissed before you.” She told him.  He smiled widely and kissed her nose.  “What about you?” she asked, not really sure she wanted to know the answer.  His smile faded.  Evan told her that he would never lie to her. He had been with somebody before her.  She was someone that he had met at college, and they dated for a little while.  Jacequeline appreciated his honesty, but she did not like the answer. She wanted something to be just theirs, something special, that he had never done with anyone else.  He must have realized that this was bothering her.  “I am sorry, had I known you were out there, I would have waited to meet you.  I love you, and only you.  No one else has ever come close to filling my heart the way you do.  You are the most beautiful, sexy, smart, and funny, woman I have ever met.  You are truly exceptional. And I am so incredibly lucky you are my wife.” He said, and he smiled at her with those dimples.  She could never be mad at him when he smiles with the dimples. 
He heard a knock on the suite door, so he put a robe on and went to answer it.  It was the concierge bringing the rack of clothes for them.  Evan told them to leave the rack and he will call them up after they make their selections.  Jacequeline got out of the bed and went to the shower, she was in the process of washing her hair, when the shower curtain slid back and Evan crawled in to join her.  
He washed her back, and seemed to have a little too much fun washing her butt.  “You have the cutest butt.” he told her.  He gave her a playful smack on her behind.  “Does the naughty girl still like a little smack on the ass?” he asked.  She did kind of like the sting.  In fact it got her aroused again.  She put her hands on the shower wall, and poked her butt out and said “Do that again.” Evan arched his eyebrow, “Really, you liked that huh?” he asked.  So he smacked her ass again.  Jacequeline moaned.  That is all it took for him.  He came up behind her, putting his hands around her waist, while he kissed the back of her neck.  He gently bit her shoulder, and she moaned again.  “You drive me crazy. I have never wanted a woman as much as I want you.” he said.  She could feel his cock near her ass growing hard again.  She arched her back and he took her from behind.  He used his hand to find his way around to her clit and massaged it as he pounded her from behind. She came hard and quickly.  His stamina was built up and he was going to give her all her body could take.  He stopped and turned her to face him. He lifted her up and held her ass in his hands. She wrapped her legs around his body and he entered her from the front.  He could feel the heat building in him. He held her against the shower wall, and buried it as deep as it would go while he filled her again.  
They finished showering, and he rolled the rack of clothes into their bedroom.  He asked her to pick out what she wanted to wear.  She asked him where they were going. He told her he thought she might enjoy a trip to the beach.  She chose a swim suit and a sun dress.  She put the suit on under her dress, and asked him if she was dressed ok.  He smiled a wolfish smile at her.  “No more, I am sore.” She said laughing.  He chose a pair of swim shorts and a Hawaiian print button up shirt.  
Evan called down to the concierge and asked if his car was ready, that they would be going out.  They arrived in the lobby, and the concierge told him that Mrs. Roberts asked that they meet her for dinner at 7:30 at the country club.  Evan told the concierge let his mother know they would meet her there.  
The car was waiting for them at the entrance to the hotel.  A young man was waiting to open their door.  The driver was very tan, with blonde hair, that was a little longer than she was used to seeing on a man.  The driver asked where they would like to go, and Evan told him to the Santa Monica Pier.  The driver, who identified himself as Brian, said that if they wanted to go to the amusement park they may have to walk a few blocks.  Some of the area was under construction, and some of the roads were closed.  Evan told him to get them as close as he could, and they did not mind walking some.  The beach was not very far away, but with traffic, it took about 20 minutes to get there.  Brian dropped them off as close to the pier as he could get.  Evan told him to meet them back at the same spot at about 5.  Brian asked Evan if he minded if he parked the car and caught some waves while he was in the area.  Evan told him to enjoy, just be back by 5.  The two walked hand and hand down the beach towards the pier.  Considering it was a Thursday, the beach was more crowded than Jacequeline had expected.  She could see the amusement park in the distance.  She had been to a few amusement parks with her parents and brother growing up, but this place seemed more magical.  Maybe it was its proximity to the ocean, or maybe just because she was here with Evan.  
They spent the day enjoying the sun and the attractions at the pier. They walked along the water’s edge barefoot, with the surf lapping at their feet.  She did not want the day to end, but they had dinner plans with Elaine. After all Elaine had done to make this trip possible, she would feel guilty if they stood her up.  They made their way back to the car, and as promised Brian was there waiting.  His hair was still wet so he must have arrived not long before them.  Evan asked him if he surfed, and Brian said every chance he gets.
They made their way back to the hotel. When they entered the lobby, the concierge caught up with them to tell them that there had been a small change in plans. Elaine wanted them to know, they would attending a dinner party at the club with some associates. She wanted to ensure that they dress appropriately.  When Evan and Jacequeline got on the elevator, she told him that she doubted she had anything that Elaine would deem appropriate for a dinner party at the country club.
When he opened the door to the suite, there were several racks of clothes and bags, each rack had labels indicating to whom they belonged.  Jacequeline walked over to her roll around rack, and looked through the clothes. A note was pinned to a formal that said, “For dinner.”  “Your mother thinks of everything. Doesn’t she?” Jacequeline said, shaking her head.  Evan laughed and told her that his mother could run her own country if they would let her.  
Jacequeline pulled the dress off the rack. On a small table, next to the rack, was a shoe box, that also had a note indicating she was supposed to wear them. She made her way to the bedroom.  She quickly showered.  She put on one of the hotel robes and pulled her makeup from her purse.  She noticed a box sitting on the chair in the suite bedroom, it said hot hair rollers.  She had often set her hair in rollers, but she had never seen ones that were hot before.  She took the set back to the bathroom and took them out of the box. She plugged it in and kept touching the lid.  In a few minutes she realized they were pretty warm.  She rolled her hair, just like she would normally.  She burned her ear a couple of times.  After putting her make-up on, she felt the rollers and they had cooled off in her hair.  She took each of the pins out and let the rollers down.  She was very impressed. They curled her hair just as good as the regular hair rollers. And she didn’t have to sleep in them.  She pulled her hair up and used bobby pins to secure it into a nice up do.  She picked the gown up and looked at it. It was strapless.  She had not brought a strapless bra with her.  She wrapped the robe around her and went back into the living room to search the department store bags that had been brought to the room. Evan was on the telephone and smiled at her while she was searching.  As she suspected there was a sack that had lingerie, including a strapless bra and stockings.  
She returned to the bedroom and finished getting dressed.  Just as she got her dress on, Evan walked into the room.  “Wow!” he said.  “You look good enough to eat.”  She told him not to get that started again. His mother would kill them both if they missed dinner.  Evan was dressed in a black suit, and he looked pretty handsome himself.   He told her that the car was waiting down stairs when she was ready.
They exited the lobby and Brian was waiting with the car at the entrance.  He held the door and assisted Jacequeline into the car.  The drive to the country club was a short one.  Brian pulled to the entrance and got out to open their door.  He told Evan he would park in the lot and wait for them.  Evan told him they would likely be a couple of hours if he had something he wanted to do, he could just come back.  Brian nodded and got back into his car.  
Evan escorted Jacequeline into the club, and to the restaurant.  They were greeted at the entrance by a host and Evan gave their name.  The host led them to a large table where Elaine and another couple were already seated. Evan introduced Jacequeline as his wife.  Elaine was sitting at the head of the table, and Jacequeline thought she looked like the Queen overseeing her subjects.  Evan ordered drinks for them, and the other couple, sitting across the table, started visiting with them.  His name was Paul and he seemed to be about Evan’s age.  His wife Sandra was just a little bit older than Jacequeline.  Apparently Paul and Evan had attended boarding school together. 
Jacequeline tried talking to Sandra, but found her difficult to carry on a conversation with.  Her dress was a little too revealing in Jacequeline’s opinion. And Sandra was a little too well endowed to be wearing the dress without a bra.  She was friendly, but she laughed too loud. And she would talk in a baby voice most of the time, especially when she was talking to Paul, whom she referred to as daddy.  Paul was sitting next to Elaine at the table, and Sandra on his other side.  Evan was sitting on the other side of Elaine, with Jacequeline next to him.  All of this conversation was going back and forth across the table in front of Elaine.  Elaine told Evan she had bumped into Paul and Sandra while at I. Magnin. They had insisted on joining them for dinner.  Elaine looked less than thrilled by the idea.  Elaine excused herself to go to the restroom.  Evan asked Jacequeline if she wanted to dance.  Jacequeline jumped at the invitation, anything to get a break from the ditzy bimbo, Jacequeline thought.  Evan led her to the dance floor.  As they danced she told Evan that his friends seem nice.  He smirked at her, and told her he had not seen Paul in several years, and it was his first time meeting Sandra.  When the music stopped, he led her back to the table. Elaine had already returned.  Sandra was laughing especially loud, and Elaine drained her cocktail in one drink.  
The waiter brought their food, and they began to eat.  Elaine suddenly told Evan she was not feeling well, and said she thought she should go back to the hotel.  Paul suggested Evan should go with her to make sure she gets to her room alright. Paul stated that Jacequeline’s plate had just been served, and they would keep her company until he returned. Evan asked Jacequeline if she minded him running Elaine back to the hotel.  She asked if she should go with them. Elaine told her not to be silly, to enjoy her dinner, and she would send Evan back promptly.  Evan asked the waiter to have Elaine’s car brought to the front.  She seemed to be weak, and had difficulty walking. Evan had her lean on him as he led her out of the restaurant.  Sandra said she hoped Mrs. Roberts would be alright.  Jacequeline was thinking Elaine had gotten tired of the bimbo laughing like a hyena, and was faking illness to make her escape.
Jacequeline was eating her dinner, and she suddenly started feeling funny, light headed, and her vision was blurring.  She wondered if she and Elaine had both caught the same bug.  She told Paul that she was not feeling well either.  Paul came around the table and sat in Evan’s chair next to her. He suggested she get another drink, and maybe it would help her feel better.
Jacequeline took another drink of her club soda.  She realized he had placed his hand on her leg, and was running it up her inner thigh.  Her head was spinning, and she tried to stand to walk away, but she was too weak.  Sandra suggested that maybe they should go.  Paul told the waiter to have his car brought around.  He told them that Mrs. Roberts was feeling ill, and they were going to give her a ride home.  He helped her up from her seat, and put his arm around her to steady her. Sandra got on Jacequeline’s other side, and the two of them walked her out.  As they got to the entrance Jacequeline passed out. Paul scooped her up and placed her in the back of his car.  
Brian was parked in the lot across from the entrance.  He was sitting in the car when he saw Jacequeline come out with the Carpenters.  He saw her pass out, and the gentleman load her into his car.  Brian got out of the car and sprinted across the lot to tell them he would take Mrs. Roberts. But they pulled away before he could get to the entrance.  He asked the valet who Mrs. Roberts left with.  Brian explained he was her driver, and Evan had told him earlier that he would be back after he took Elaine to the hotel.  The valet told Brian that Paul and Sandra were regulars there. He leaned in and whispered to him that it was not the first time he saw them take an intoxicated woman home with them.  Elaine’s car pulled up to the entrance, and Evan got out.  Brian walked up to him and told him that Jacequeline had just left with his friends, but she did not look well. She passed out at the entrance and Paul had to pick her up and place her into his car.  Brian said he ran across the lot and tried to catch them before they left, but was not able to catch up to them in time.  Brian told him that the valet had said it was not the first time he had seen the Carpenter’s take an intoxicated woman home.  Evan was confused. Jacequeline was not intoxicated when he left fifteen minutes earlier.  “She was not drinking when I left.  She swore off alcohol after yesterday.” Evan said.  
Evan went inside to the table they had dined at, with Brian following close behind.  He asked the waiter if Jacequeline had ordered anything else to drink after he left, and she said no.  Evan looked at her glass, and noticed some kind of residue in the bottom.  It looked like part of a pill that was not completely dissolved.  He picked up Elaine’s glass, and saw some grit in the bottom of it, as well.  Panic hit him.  He asked to use the phone. He called the hotel and asked concierge if Jacequeline had returned to the hotel. The front desk said they had not seen her.  He told them to check on Elaine, and that she may need to go to the hospital.  
He went to the desk and demanded the home address for Paul and Sandra.  They were hesitant to give it to him. Brian asked them if they wanted it to become public knowledge that one of their members was using their place of business to drug women and take them home.  They handed over the address. Evan told them to phone the police and have them meet him there.  Brian told them to not touch the table, until the police came to look at the glasses.  Evan and Brian hurried to his car. 
Paul pulled the car into the garage of his home. He got Jacequeline out of his car.  He cradled her in his arms and carried her into the living room, and laid her on the couch.  Her legs were dangling in the floor.  Sandra eased the top of Jacequeline’s gown and her bra down, exposing her breasts.  She then pulled Jacequeline’s panties off, and spread her legs open and asked Paul if he liked what he saw.  Paul began to undress.  He had just gotten his pants off and had kneeled down in front of Jacequeline, when his front door was kicked in.  Evan came through the living room like a mad bull.  
Paul got to his feet, and told him that Jacequeline wanted to come back to the house and party with them.  Sandra stood and touched Evan’s arm. She suggested that she entertain him, while Paul has fun with Jacequeline.  Evan looked at her with disgust.  He looked down at his exposed, unconscious wife on the couch. Fury overwhelmed him, and he punched Paul. Paul went down.  Evan had rarely been in fights. And he had never fought a naked man before. But he was going to kill this piece of shit with his bare hands.  Sandra tried to jump in and Brian grabbed her and pulled her back.  “I have never hit a lady, but from where I am standing you aren’t much of one” Brian said to her.  Brian saw the phone hanging on the wall, and with his hand still gripping Sandra he walked over to the phone and called for an ambulance for Jacequeline.  Then he got the throw blanket from the back of the couch and covered Jacequeline.  The police arrived minutes later, and broke up the fight. Evan insisted on an ambulance for his wife, and Brian told him he had already called for one.  Brian told the police what had taken place at the club, while Evan looked after his wife.  The Carpenters were arrested.  
Jacequeline was transported to the hospital, and had her stomach pumped.  Elaine had been brought to the same hospital earlier, and was recovering in a room.  Evan was pacing the floors, still so angry.  Brian stayed with him.  Brian apologized to Evan for not getting there before the Carpenters got Jacequeline into the car.  Evan told him it was not his fault, and if it had not been for his help, they may not have gotten to Jacequeline in time.  The nurse came out of Jacequeline’s room and told Evan that his wife was awake and she would like to see him.  
Evan went to her bed side.  She was confused and wanted to know what happened and how she got to the hospital.  He did not want to, but he had to tell her the truth.  Jacequeline started to cry.  He got up on the bed with her and held her, and told her he was so sorry for leaving her alone with them.  He assured her that he got there before Paul had gotten the chance to do what he wanted.  They heard a knock on the door, and Evan got up to answer it.  He let Brian in the room.  Brian told Jacequeline he was so sorry he did not get across the lot to her in time, before they left with her.  She told him that it was not his fault.  Brian told them that the police just came by and Paul and Sandra confessed to drugging Elaine and Jacequeline with Quaaludes, and they would be charged with assault, kidnap, and attempted rape.  Brian told Evan he had already notified the club, and their membership had been revoked. Evan shook his hand, told him he had been a friend during this ordeal, and if he ever needed anything to let him know.  
A nurse wheeled Elaine into the room in a wheel chair. She told Evan she had been discharged.  Elaine asked Jacequeline how she was feeling.  Evan had not told Elaine the entire story, just that Paul had drugged them both.  Jacequeline said better, and she was hoping to get discharged pretty soon.  The nurse took that cue, and said she would go check.  Brian offered to take Elaine back to the hotel.  He assured Evan he would make sure she got all the way to her room.  Evan told Elaine he trusted Brian to take care of her.  Brian told him he would return as soon as he got Elaine situated at the hotel.  When the room cleared out, Evan returned to her bed, and sat down next to Jacequeline and just held her.  What is she going to do without him, while he is gone?   
Brian helped Elaine into his car, and set out towards the hotel.  “Brian isn’t it?” she asked.  “Yes ma’am” he replied.  “We need to take a detour.  I had promised an old family friend that I would stop by and see him.  I called him from the hospital.  He is expecting me.” She said.  As they approached a stop light that was red, she handed him a paper with a name and address.  He turned back and looked at her.  He asked if she was sure that it was a good idea, and Evan would probably not like it.  She told Brian that Evan does not need to know all her business and to do as she instructed.  He drove across town, and pulled up in front of an apartment building.  She instructed him to park, and said she would not be long.  “Should I come inside with you” Brian questioned.  “Do not be ridiculous. As I said before, Tom is an old family friend.” She stated firmly.  Brian returned to the car.  This made him very uneasy.  Brian had grown up in California, and Tom’s last name made him nervous.  Tom’s brother was the previous head of the Los Angeles crime family, until his death several years earlier.  Brian did not know how, socialite Elaine Roberts, knew these people, but the entire thing made him nervous.  
After about twenty minutes, Elaine emerged from the apartment with an older man escorting her.  They stopped at the entrance and he kissed her on both of her cheeks.  Brian got out and helped her into the car.  She had a satisfied look on her face.  Brian drove her to the hotel, helped her out and escorted her to the suite.  “I expect your discretion, about my comings and goings.” she said to him.  Brian nodded.  
   An officer came by the hospital room and took Evan and Jacequeline’s statements.  He told her that the Carpenters were in jail, and being booked.  That made Jacequeline feel better, she wanted to get out of this town and never come back.  But she knew she would have to return for their trial.  Brian returned and waited for Jacequeline’s discharge from the hospital, then drove them back to the hotel.  Evan shook his hand again, and told him they were friends, and if he ever needed anything to let him know.  Brian smiled and told him to watch his back while he is deployed.   Evan took Jacequeline up to their suite and told her, he wanted to check on his mother, and would be right back.    Elaine told him that considering all they had been through that day, they should just stay over for the night and return to San Diego the next day.  Evan agreed and kissed his mother goodnight.  
The next morning, Elaine had concierge come up to the room, and told him they would be checking out and requested they have Roger bring the car. She instructed the staff to have their belongings loaded into the car, while they have breakfast in the restaurant.  The concierge nodded and left.  They went down to the restaurant. The waitress seated them and asked for their drink orders.  Elaine asked the waitress to bring a local newspaper to the table if one was available, that she likes to read the papers while drinking her morning coffee.  Jacequeline figured Elaine wanted to see if the story of the Carpenters had made news.  The waitress returned, and placed their drinks on the table along with a copy of the Los Angeles Times.   
The story however, was not what she was expecting.  Paul Carpenter had been stabbed to death in jail.  It went on to say, that a few hours after hearing the news of her husband’s death, they found Sandra dead from hanging in her cell, and official’s suspect suicide.  Jacequeline was shocked, they were both dead.  Evan excused himself from the table, and went to the lobby to use the phone.  When he returned, he said he had called the station and spoken with the detective that had come to the hospital for their statements.  He said they did not have much information about Paul’s death, but they suspected that given the amount of drugs they found in his home during the arrest, he was probably involved with some bad people, and probably had made some enemies.  Elaine announced she was famished, and ordered her breakfast.  
When they left the restaurant, Elaine stopped at the desk and settled her tab.  They went out to their waiting car and Brian was waiting with the door open.  Brian locked eyes with Elaine, and she smiled at him.  Jacequeline noticed the interaction between the two and thought it seemed odd.  Brian did not seem happy, and Elaine seemed more than satisfied.  She wondered what had happened between the two when he drove her to the hotel the day before.  Roger was also here, finishing loading the luggage into the trunk.  Evan asked Brian what he was doing there, and he said he had just come over, to see them off.  Evan shook his hand, and told him to keep in touch. 
The ride back to San Diego was fairly quiet.  So much had happened, and Evan was going to be leaving out the next day.  Jacequeline just wanted to cry.  They arrived back to the US Grant, and Jacequeline told Evan she just wanted to go up to the room.  He told her he would be up shortly.  She went straight to the bedroom and threw herself on the bed and cried.  She heard him coming into the living room area with some of the staff bringing their belongings in.  He thanked them, and let them out.  He came into the bedroom and saw her lying on the bed sobbing.  He crawled up on the bed and pulled her close to him and held her.  He told her he would understand if she blamed him for what happened.  She looked up at him, confused.  “How could I blame you?” she asked.  “Paul was my friend from school. I left to help my mother and left you alone with those animals.  I blame myself, why wouldn’t you blame me too.” he replied, tears welling up in his eyes.  “You saved me. I shudder to think what would have happened if you had not gotten there when you did. I do not blame you.  They are disgusting, disturbed people, I blame them.” she said.  
She realized this was hitting Evan even harder than her.  He was full of guilt, and the more shattered she appeared the more guilt ridden he felt.  “I am just shaken by what could have been. But the reality is nothing happened, thank goodness, and I am ready to put it behind me.” She said.  She leaned up and kissed him.  He responded, and she asked him to make love to her.  Evan asked her if she was sure, and she said she was certain.  “I need to feel close to the man I love.” She told him.  They spent the rest of the evening in the room.  
Elaine phoned from her room and told them she was tired and would probably just have room service bring her dinner, but she wanted to have breakfast together in the restaurant downstairs in the morning before they had to take him back to this base.  Evan told her that sounded good to him.  He had room service bring up dinner for him and Jacequeline, and when it arrived he wheeled the cart to the bedroom.  She had just come out of the shower and was wearing the hotel robe and she climbed up on the bed.  She told him the food looked really good.  He popped open the wine and poured her a glass.  He cut her steak and fed her a bite.  She giggled, “Are you planning to feed me my entire dinner?” she asked smiling.  She noticed on the cart were a bowl of strawberries, and some whip cream.  “Is that dessert?” she asked.  Evan asked her if she liked strawberries, and she told him she did.  After eating part of her steak and baked potato, she told him she was ready for dessert.
She pulled the belt from the robe and let her robe fall open.  Evan pushed the cart away, and told her he was too.  She tossed her robe into the floor.  She was sitting in the middle of the bed naked.  She saw the robe belt was still lying on the bed next to her, and she picked it up. She smiled a wicked little smile, and Evan noticed.  “What do you have in mind?” he asked.  “Come here and let me show you” she said.  He undressed and crawled on the bed.  She pinned him down on his back and used the robe tie to secure his hands to the bedrail.  “I’m not sure that I’m going to like this” he said smiling.  She told him that if he doesn’t like it, then he can say stop.  She went to the cart and got the whipped cream, and brought it back to the bed.
Evan arched his eyebrows, unsure what her plan was.  She crawled back up on the bed and proceeded to put whip cream on his cock.  Then suck it off.  She did not even have to look at his face to know his reaction, because he grew instantly hard.  She took him into her mouth and let her mouth and tongue make love to him.  He filled her mouth, and she swallowed his juices.  “What did you think, about that?” she asked.  “Untie me and I will show you.” He said.  She untied his hands and he quickly pinned her down, and tied her hands together and to the headboard directly above her head.  He proceeded to get the whip cream and show her exactly what he had experienced. He put some on her clit, and took her into his mouth.  He inserted two fingers into her and worked her from inside while he had her clit in his mouth.  His tongue making fast work of licking and he could feel her becoming wet, and hot.  She was breathing heavily, and she yelled out “oh baby”, and he felt her spasm on his fingers.  
She was still tied, and he rolled her over and pulled her up on to her knees.  He was eager to be inside her, and in his haste, he aimed too high.  This caught her by surprise and she jerked forward a little.  “Did I hurt you?” he asked.  Thinking he had done this intentionally, she did not want to disappoint so she tried to relax and eased back on him. He was more experienced than she was, and while she had never heard of this before, once she relaxed and eased him inside it did not feel so bad.  She moved back and forth with him.  He stopped. “Something feels different.” He said.  “What do you mean different? How many people have you done this with?” She asked.  He did not say anything. She began moving back and forth since he wasn’t moving.  He started moving behind her again, and she could feel him growing harder inside her.  He his breathing grew heavier, and so did hers. She did not expect this to feel good, but it did.  She could feel the same build up growing inside her.  He reached around and had his finger rub her clit, she did felt like she was about to come.  She told him to go faster. He told her he was about to cum. She felt him tense up behind her and she could feel him filling her, this sent her over the edge.  He pulled away from her and untied her hands and pulled her up on his chest to hold her.  
“That was an accident.” He said.  She started laughing, “Well, you seemed to enjoy it.” She replied.  “And to answer the question you asked earlier, that would be none.  You are absolutely the first, I have ever done that with.” he said. That made Jacequeline happy, she had wanted something that was just theirs, and apparently her ass was it.  “What did you think about it?” she asked.  “It was different, but good, if you liked it and it did not hurt you.” he said.  “You know I like a little pain with my pleasure. Isn’t that what you told me?” she asked smiling.  “Yes you do, my little freak, I love it, and I love you” he said as he tickled her.  
They cuddled in the bed, and talked for hours.  She asked him if he thought he would get lonely while he was away.  And he told her it was possible, but for her not to worry, he loved her and she was the only woman for him.  He told her that she was exciting and adventurous in the bedroom and out.  He loved being with her talking to her, sharing experiences with her, and he could not imagine ever being with anybody else.   He also told her that the President was slowly starting to withdraw troops, and hopefully he would not be gone long.  
The next morning they ate breakfast with Elaine in the restaurant down stairs.  He asked Elaine to look after Jacequeline while he was gone, and help her if she needs anything.  “Of course dear, she is family.” Elaine replied.  Roger drove them back to the base.  They stood at the gate telling him goodbye, he hugged Elaine and told her he loved her. He kissed Jacequeline and told her he was the luckiest man alive, because she loved him.  Tears welled up in Jacequeline’s eyes as Evan walked away.  “Pull yourself together. Roberts women do not let other people see them cry.” Elaine told her.  Roger pointed to the top of the base commander’s building.  Jacequeline’s shoes were still up there.
Roger drove them to the airport, and handed off their luggage to the airport staff.  Elaine tipped him a hundred dollar bill, and told him she trusted his discretion.  He smiled, and told her to have a safe flight home.  They boarded the same plane that had brought them to California.  The stewardess asked them, when they had been seated, if they would like a Manhattan. “Absolutely not!” Elaine stated firmly.  Jacequeline smiled at her.  “Do you think he will be ok?” Jacequeline asked her.  “He is a Roberts, he will be perfectly fine.” Elaine replied.  
They landed in Pennsylvania, and Randolph was waiting with Elaine’s car.  She asked Jacequeline where her car was and she told her that a friend had dropped her off at the airport.  Elaine told Randolph they would be giving Jacequeline a ride home.  When they pulled into her drive, her Mustang was sitting in front of the garage.  She opened the door, and Randolph carried her bags into the house for her.  She told him to just pile it all up in the living room and she would put it away later.  He did as she said, and let himself out.  
She sat down on the couch and all the events from the last few days flooded her mind. Tears started to fall.  She went to the phone and called Cliff.  Immediately, he knew by the sound of her voice something was wrong.  “What is wrong?” he asked.  She could not find the words.  If she tried to speak, she would break down crying.  “Do you want me to come over?” he asked.  Yes was the only thing she could say.  
Cliff pulled in front of her house a half an hour later.  She opened her front door and was dabbing her eyes with tissue.  They sat in the living room, and she told him about the events that had occurred in California.  “Oh, my God” was all he could say.  She told him when she got home, she realized she was all alone in the house and she got scared.  “It’s understandable, considering what you have been through” he said.  He offered to stay with her for a few days.  She told him he did not have to, but he insisted.  She smiled weakly at him.  
A few days later a fire broke out in the neighboring apartment in Cliff’s building.  His apartment sustained major damage. The fire marshal told him that is apartment was a total loss.  Luckily he had packed several sets of clothes to stay with Jacequeline or he would not even have anything to wear. Jacequeline suggested he continue staying with her until he could find another place to live.  Her house was plenty big enough, and she liked having the company. 

November 1969



Letters from Evan were few and far between, after his deployment.  She was glad she had work, and Cliff, to keep her mind occupied.  Elaine seemed to have translated Evans words, about looking out for Jacequeline, to mean introducing her to the social circles she was involved in.  A week after returning from San Diego, Randolph knocked on her door with an invitation to a fundraiser luncheon from Elaine.   The invitation said the fundraiser was on the upcoming Saturday at the Inn.  
On Saturday, Randolph called the house to ask Jacequeline if she would need a car sent to pick her up for the fundraiser.  She told him she would prefer to drive herself.  When she approached the main desk at the Inn, she was told the fundraiser was being held in the ballroom.  When she walked, in she spotted Elaine and Henry talking to a group of people.  She had not spoken to Henry since the day she met Evan, and was not looking forward to it.  She spotted a couple of waitresses that she knew from working there over the summer, and when they saw her they came over to say hello and offer her a drink.  She looked up and saw Henry coming towards her.  Apparently Elaine had pointed her out.    “So you’re the woman that married my son. I hope you know that he has lost his inheritance. So if you rushed to marry him, to get your hands on his money, then you will be disappointed.” Henry said smugly.  “And you would be the jackass that turned his back on his son. Tell me something Mr. Roberts, when your old and nearing the end of your days, do you think that all that money you put before your own family, is enough to buy you somebody to give a damn about what happens to you? Because, I hope you know, that is all you will have left.” She countered.  She turned and walked away.  Later, Elaine approached her, and told her that she will take more care to find out if Henry will be attending in the future, and let her know in advance.  Jacequeline informed her, that perhaps Henry should be the one warned if she would be in attendance.  Elaine grinned at her.  The social clubs and fundraisers were actually not that bad.  Elaine had made a point of not inviting her to anymore that Henry would be at.  She had made several new friends, and she was able to keep busy.  
One morning several weeks after returning from San Diego, Jacequeline woke feeling ill, her stomach was doing flips, and she ran to the bathroom, barely in time.  Cliff heard the noise as he was walking down the hall to the kitchen.  He knocked on her bedroom door.  He could still hear her getting sick.  He opened the door to her room a little.   “Are you ok?” he asked.  After a few minutes, he heard the sink in the bathroom come on.  “Are you ok?” he asked again.  She came out of the bathroom, looking pale.  He told her she looked terrible.  “Thanks.” she said.  Suddenly she got a funny look on her face. She turned, and ran back to the bathroom, with her hand covering her mouth.  He went into the bathroom, and wet a washcloth and handed it to her.  Cliff walked into the kitchen to search for something that might settle her stomach.  He saw the tin of crackers sitting on the counter, and got her a few out. He poured her some milk.  He carried it all back to the bedroom to her.  She was sitting on the bed, holding the rag to her face.  Cliff handed her the plate of crackers and the glass of milk.  “See if this settles your stomach.  My grandmother always gave me soda crackers and milk when my stomach was bothering me.” He told her.
She took a bite of a cracker, and washed it down with a drink of milk.  He asked her if she was planning on staying home from work.  She said she didn't know yet.  Cliff left the room, so he could finish getting ready for work.  In a few minutes, she felt better. The sick feeling was gone as quickly as it had hit her.  She got up, and washed her face.  She went into the kitchen.  Cliff was pouring himself a cup of coffee.  He told her she looked better.  She told him his grandmother really knew what she was talking about with the crackers and milk.  She poured herself a cup of coffee, but it smelled funny to her.  So she poured it out.  “Is something wrong with the coffee?” He asked.  She asked him if it smelled funny to him, and he told her no.  She dismissed it to the fact she had been ill earlier.  
Jacequeline and Cliff rode into work together in Cliff’s car.  They pulled into the parking garage at the office, went into the lobby, and boarded the elevator.  When they reached the top floor, Cliff looked over at Jacequeline. She was holding on to the rail, and was looking pale again.  He asked her if she was going to be sick again, and she told him she just got light headed.  He helped her to her office.  He picked up the phone and called a doctor’s office.  Cliff made Jacequeline an appointment for later that morning.  
At eleven, he told the receptionist that he and Jacequeline were taking an early lunch.  They went down to his car and he drove her across town, to the doctor’s office.    The nurse showed her into an exam room. In a few minutes, she came back with a small glass jar.  She told Jacequeline to go across the hall to the restroom, and collect a urine sample.  When she returned to the exam room, the nurse sealed the jar and wrote Jacequeline’s name on the lid with a magic marker.  She wrote some notes in the chart that she had prepared for Jacequeline, and she left the room.  The doctor came in and introduced himself as Dr. Everett.
He was an older man, bald on top, with a gray ring of hair around the side of his head.  He was wearing a white lab coat.  He sat down in a chair and started asking Jacequeline questions.  “When did you start feeling ill?  What were your symptoms?  Are you married?  When was your last menses?” He rattled, as he wrote her answers.  He checked her temperature and it was normal.  He asked if she still felt ill.  She told him no.  He told her he was going to run some tests, and he would call her when he got the results.  She gave him the number to her work as well as her house.  He told her that he could possibly have her results the next day.  Cliff took her back to the office.  And she started feeling better.  
The next day, she awoke the same as the day before, getting sick.  Cliff hurried to the kitchen and poured her a glass of milk and got her some crackers.  He put the crackers and milk on her bedside table, and got her a wet washcloth for her face.  About 20 minutes later, she was feeling fine.  When they arrived at the office, she was still have short bouts of feeling ill, but they would pass just a few minutes after they started.  Cliff helped her to the office and he called the doctor’s office and told the nurse that Jacequeline was feeling ill again, and wondered if he should take her to the hospital.  She told him to hold while she got the doctor.  When Dr. Everett came on the line, he asked to speak to Jacequeline.  Cliff handed her the phone.  “Hello, doctor, I am feeling ill again today.” she said.  Her expression changed, and she sat down in the chair, at her desk.  “Thank you. I will call back in a few days, to make a follow-up appointment.” she said and hung up the phone.  Cliff was very worried.  “What is it, what is wrong?” he asked.  “I am pregnant.” She said.  “Oh Jackie, that is wonderful news.  I was scared something was horribly wrong.” He told her.  “Is it wonderful? My husband is halfway around the world, and I just started this new job.” She said, and tears welling up in her eyes.  “Oh sweetie, don’t cry.  It will work out. I will help you, and Evan will be home before you know it.” Cliff said to her, trying to be reassuring.
A couple of weeks later, Elaine called the house to see if Jacequeline would be attending the ladies luncheon that she was hosting.  Cliff answered the phone, and she demanded to know who he was.  He told her he was a friend of Jacequeline’s.  She asked to speak to Jacequeline, and Cliff told her that Jacequeline was not feeling well, and she was napping.  About an hour later, Elaine showed up at the door.  Jacequeline had just gotten up from her nap.  Elaine asked why Cliff was answering her phone.  Jacequeline explained that Cliff was staying with her for a little while.  She could tell by the look on Elaine’s face, that she did not like it one bit.  Jacequeline told Elaine that Evan knew Cliff was her friend, and was not at all bothered by it.  Elaine left in a huff.  Cliff told her that he was pretty sure Elaine thought he and Jacequeline were having an affair.  Jacequeline told him that she did not really care what Elaine thought, as long as Evan knew the truth.  
Elaine stopped inviting Jacequeline to attend social meetings with her.  Jacequeline hated that Elaine had the wrong idea about Cliff.  But truthfully, between the job and pregnancy, she was exhausted. She did not really mind being left out of Elaine’s social circles, for the time being.  Jacequeline decided Elaine likely would not believe that she and Cliff were just friends. And she was not going to divulge his secret, just to put her meddling mother-in-law’s mind at ease.  She would let Evan deal with his mother, when he returned.
She had debated quite a bit about telling Evan about the pregnancy.  On the one hand, she was excited for him to know, he seemed so eager to be a father.  But on the other hand, it could distract him and put his life in danger.  She decided since Elaine was in a huff, she probably would not be back to the house for a while. So she did not have to worry about her finding out, and letting Evan know before she could share the news with him herself.  By the doctor's calculations, she would likely deliver just after Independence Day.  Evan was due to return from his deployment in June, so she decided she would wait and let him be surprised when he sees her big belly.  

March 1970



The second trimester was like getting a second wind. The morning sickness finally let up.  Jacequeline was starting to get a baby bump, and she figured she better let Frank know she was pregnant soon.  So far, only Cliff and Dr. Everett knew.  She had not spoken to her father in a long time.  When she found out she was pregnant, she wanted to call him, but she was not ready to forgive him just yet.  She did not know how she would have managed without Cliff’s help.  He would drive her to work every day.  He did all the cooking, and made sure she ate well.  He bought pregnancy books, and baby books, and had read them all.  He told her that considering his preferences, this would be the closest he ever came to expecting a child.  Cliff had become as close as a brother to her.  He drove her to all her doctor’s appointments, and took notes about what the doctor said. At first she thought it was silly, but later she thought that since Evan was going to miss out on most of the pregnancy, he might get a kick out of reading all the notes that Cliff had taken.  Thankfully, the doctor worked her appointments around her lunch hour, or late in the afternoon, so she did not miss much work.  
When she felt she could not hide the pregnancy anymore, she told Frank.   He was not exactly thrilled, but she had become such an asset to the business, he could not afford to be without her.  Jacequeline and Cliff made an excellent team.  Under their leadership, the accounting staff had become more efficient and profitable.  Jacequeline had also been instrumental in securing several new clients.  He asked her if it was her intention to stay working once the baby was born.  She told him she had hoped to.  Frank told her to discuss with Human Resources what she would need in terms of maternity leave.  He also told her to make sure Cliff was up to task when she took her absence.  
Jacequeline decided that the second trimester was just a small reprieve, to rest a woman between the awful first trimester and even worse third trimester.  Once again, she was tired all the time. Her feet swelled, her ankles swelled, and most definitely her stomach swelled.  Her back hurt all the time. She could not find a comfortable position to sleep.  And she could not remember what color her toe nails were, because she had not seen them in weeks.  And she was craving very weird foods.  Cliff told her if he saw her dip one more French fry into vanilla ice cream and eat it, he would be the one throwing up.  She laughed at him and told him it was good.  Cliff was reading home remedies, and fussing at her to drink lots of milk and eat her vegetables.  She was tired of being pregnant already, and she still had a few months to go.  

May 1970



Cliff got a phone call from his aunt early one Monday morning, at the office.   His grandma Belinda was in the hospital.  The doctors think she may have had a heart attack.  His aunt said she was not doing well, and asked if he would fly up to see her.  He booked a flight to New Hampshire immediately.  He was worried about leaving Jacequeline.  “Don’t worry, you will only be gone a few days, and I will be fine.” She told him.  She drove him home to get a suitcase, and took him to the airport.  On Wednesday, he called and told her his grandmother had passed away late the night before.  He said he was going to stay until after the funeral.  “I am so sorry about your grandmother Cliff.   Would you like me to come up there?” She asked.  He told her he did not want her flying this late in her pregnancy. He would see her when he got back.   She felt so bad for him.  He often talked about his Granny Clark.  He said she was a wonderful woman, and one of the few he had confided his secret.  She took the secret to her grave, as she had promised.  
Without Cliff, Jacequeline had to work late, several days that week to keep up.  On Thursday afternoon, close to five, she got a call from the security guard on the first floor.  He said some people were there to see her. He asked if he should he let them go up.  She told them to go ahead.  Most of the staff had already gone home, and she was planning to work at least another hour.  She came out into the hall, to wait on the elevator to deliver her visitors.  Frank came up behind her.  He had his briefcase in his hand, and he told her he was leaving for the day.  
When the elevator doors opened, two men in navy uniforms were standing there.  Immediately Jacequeline’s heart started racing.  “Mrs. Evan Roberts?” one of them asked.  Frank realized this was not good, so he let the elevator doors shut without him.  “Can we help you?” Frank asked.  “Are you Mrs. Roberts?” The notification officer asked again.  All Jacequeline could do was nod.  “The Navy regrets to inform you, that your husband’s plane was shot down over Cambodia. The plane caught fire upon impact, and there are no presumed survivors.” he finished.  The chaplain reached his hand out to hers.  He asked her if she would like for him to pray with her.  She was in shock.  She just shook her head no.  She asked them if they had notified his parents, and they said they had not, they came to tell her first.  
Suddenly, pain shot threw her back and abdomen.  She doubled over holding her stomach.  “Oh God, my baby,” She screamed out.  Frank grabbed ahold of her to keep her from falling over.  "Help me get her to my car in the parking garage, so I can take her to the hospital." Frank told the men.  On the ride down to the first floor, Frank told the men to notify Henry and Elaine Roberts about Evan, and to let them know that Jacequeline was likely in labor, and would be at the hospital. The Chaplain helped Frank ease Jacequeline into his car.  Jacequeline told them the name of the hospital that she was supposed to deliver at.  Before they shut the passenger door, Jacequeline reached up and grabbed the Chaplain's hand.  "Pray for my baby." She said to him.  The chaplain said a quick prayer that was ended abruptly by another wave of pain coursing through Jacequeline's abdomen.  "We have to go." Frank told them.  They shut the passenger door, as Frank fired up his engine.  He probably broke a dozen traffic laws, in his haste to get her to the hospital.  
Frank pulled up to the emergency entrance of her hospital.  Her contractions were coming every two minutes by the time he got her there.  He flew into the unloading zone in front of the emergency department.  He got out, and ran inside. He yelled for a nurse to help him get her out of the car.  He told them he has a pregnant woman about to give birth, and she was not due for several more weeks.  They brought a wheelchair out and helped get her out of the car.  One of the nurses asked Jacequeline what her name was.  “Jacequeline,” she said just as another contraction hit.   He took his car and parked it in the lot, and ran back inside.  He saw one of the nurses that had helped him get Jacequeline out of the car.  He went to her and asked where they had taken Jacequeline.  She asked him what his name was.  “Frank Barnes,” he replied.  “Mr. Barnes, I’ll take you to where she is.” The nurse replied.  She led him up to the labor and delivery floor.  “This is Frank Barnes, he is with Jacequeline.” She told the other nurse at the nurse’s station on the delivery floor.  “I have to go back down to the emergency department. They will take good care of her for you.” The ER nurse told him.  
The delivery nurse asked him some questions about Jacequeline that he did not have any idea about.  “I do not know. You will have to ask her.” he said.   The nurse looked at him like he was no help.  She led him to the waiting room and told him to have a seat, that he would be here a while.  She told him she was going to check on Jacequeline and would update him when she is closer to delivery.  Frank wasn't sure if he should be here.  She had never mentioned any family besides her in-laws.  He decided he should probably wait for one of Evan's parents to arrive before he left.  He had always been infatuated with Jacequeline, but she was married.  And while that did not bother him, he knew that she wasn't the type of woman to stray from her husband.  But Evan was dead now.  Jacequeline is alone, grieving, and her whole world has been turned upside down.  He wanted Jacequeline to need him, and to turn to him.  He would have tread carefully, she was a new widow after all, but if he played his cards right, she would come to depend on him, and then she would be his.  Frank sat in the waiting room lost in his own thoughts, smiling at the plan that was emerging in his mind.  "Sir, your wife's contractions are coming fairly quickly, it shouldn't be long now." The delivery nurse said from behind him.  Frank didn't respond, still lost in his own thoughts.  She tapped him on the shoulder. "Mr. Barnes," she said.  "Yes, I am sorry, I was day dreaming.  What is it?" Frank asked.  "Jacequeline's contractions are coming closer together.  It shouldn't be too long before the baby arrives." The nurse repeated. "Thank you, for keeping me informed." He said.
Jacequeline’s contractions were coming back to back by this point. She was in the worst pain of her life.  “Mrs. Barnes, how are you feeling?” said the nurse, as she walked into the room.  Jacequeline was in the middle of a hard contraction and could not answer her.  “Oh my, you are having a bad one aren’t you?  We have a doctor on his way up to check on you. It should not be long now.” She said.  She wet a wash cloth and put it on Jacequeline’s forehead.   The nurse told her to try to breathe through the contractions.  A few minutes later the doctor arrived and checked her. He told the nurses to prepare to take her down to the delivery room.  
When the notification officer and the chaplain arrived at the Roberts Estate, the housekeeper let them in.  She summoned Elaine and Henry to the living room.  They broke the news of Evan’s plane crash.  Henry got angry.  He said he told the fool boy not to join, and now look what has happened.  Elaine was devastated.  The officer told them that they had notified Jacequeline earlier at her work, and it caused her to go into labor.  “What do you mean labor?  She is pregnant?” Elaine asked.  The chaplain told them what hospital Mr. Barnes said he was taking her to.  Elaine summoned Randolph to get her car.  She asked Henry if he was going with her to the hospital. He told her the only place he was going, was to get a drink.  “Very well, I will go alone,” she stated. 
In the delivery room, they got Jacequeline moved over onto the delivery table.  Her contractions were strong, hard, and without much of a break in between.  “On the next contraction, I want you to bare down and push.” he told her.  She was so exhausted.  She kept thinking about Evan, and how her baby was coming early.  “Mrs. Barnes, push!” he said loudly.  Why do they keep calling me Mrs. Barnes? She thought to herself.   But the pain was too intense to correct them right now.  
Elaine arrived at the hospital, and found her way up to the delivery floor.  She told the nurse at the station that she was looking for her daughter in law, Jacequeline Roberts.  The nurse looked through the list of admissions.  “I’m sorry we don't show a Jacequeline Roberts admitted here.” She said.  Frank spotted Elaine at the desk.  He recognized her picture from the society page of the newspaper.  “Mrs. Roberts,” he said as he approached.   He looked at the nurse and said, “She is here to see Jacequeline.” “Oh, I’m sorry, yes, Jacequeline is in delivery.” The nurse said.  Elaine followed Frank to the waiting room.  She asked him who he was.  He told her he was Jacequeline’s boss, and she had gone into labor at the office, and he brought her.  “I see.” Elaine said.
After a few minutes, one of the nurses came out to the waiting room and told Frank it was a girl, and asked if he would like to see her.  “I guess,” he was puzzled by the question.  Elaine was also puzzled as to why the hospital staff would ask Frank if he wanted to see the baby.  Elaine followed the nurse and Frank down to the nursery.  Through the window they could see the brown headed baby.  She did not look anything like Evan, Elaine thought.  The nurse told Frank to follow her.  Elaine was still standing in front of the window, and watched them lay the baby girl down in a bassinette.  The card taped to the front said Baby Girl Barnes.  Elaine was livid.  “I knew it. She claimed to love my son. She put on a good show, but he leaves for a few months and she gets knocked up by some other man.  At least she had the good sense not to put Roberts as the bastard child’s last name.” Elaine said aloud to no one.  She turned and left.  
Frank followed the nurse into the nursery.  “Why did you want me to come in here?” he asked.  “To see your daughter.” the nurse said.  “What! That is not my daughter?” he said.  “Jacequeline Roberts is an employee of mine. She went into labor at the office, and I gave her a ride to the hospital.” He said.  “I am so sorry.” the nurse replied, “There must have been some confusion when you brought her in, and somebody assumed you were her husband.”  She led Frank back to the nurse's desk and asked him to help her fill out the correct admissions papers for Jacequeline.  He did the best he could with what information he knew.  He realized Elaine would probably be more help. But when he looked for her, he realized she was gone.  He told the nurses they would probably have to get the rest of the information from Jacequeline.  
Later, the nurses explained to Jacequeline the mix up with her admissions paperwork.  Jacequeline told them she vaguely remembered them calling her Mrs. Barnes.   Jacequeline asked if the baby was ok, and the nurse told her that she was doing well.  The nurse asked her if she wanted to go down to the nursery and see the baby.  She eagerly said yes.  They brought her a wheel chair and pushed her down to the nursery.  Once inside, they helped her to wash up and led her over to a rocking chair.  The nurse brought the baby to her, and told her that she was probably hungry.  They asked if she was going to breast or bottle feed the baby.  She had decided that she would bottle feed.  With her working, it seemed more practical. They brought her a bottle of Similac.  The baby took to it right away.  The nurse told her to burp the baby after every ounce, or she would spit up.  Jacequeline asked if the baby was alright considering how early she was.  The nurse said that they estimated she was about 35 weeks when she delivered, and that the baby weighed 5lb and 3 oz., so they figure she will do fine.  They said she is breathing well on her own, and maintaining her body temperature.  Then the nurse looked at her eating from the bottle.  “And she seems to have a good appetite.” she said.  Jacequeline looked at her newborn baby.  How in the world was she going to do this all alone?  When the nurse came back in to check on her, Jacequeline asked if she would call her dad.  
She had not spoken to Alfred in months.  She was still pretty angry with him about Dottie, but she needed him.  A few hours later, he walked into her hospital room.  He told her that he was here and would stay as long as she needed him.  He told her he stopped by the nursery, and saw the baby through the window, and he thought the baby looked like Caroline.  Jacequeline broke down crying.  She told him about Evan, and told him that she would need to make funeral arrangements.  He told her that he would reach out to Elaine, and see if she would help with the arrangements.  Elaine was less than friendly when he called.  She told him she had already taken it upon herself to handle the arrangements.  He told Elaine he would stay in touch to find out the details.  She hung up the phone.  
Cliff returned from New Hampshire a couple of days after the baby was born.  He told her he had called the office to let her know he was flying in, and they told him she was in the hospital.  He said he spoke to Frank, and was told about Evan.  “I came straight here,” he told her.  Jacequeline introduced Cliff to Alfred.  She told her dad that Cliff was a co-worker, and a dear friend, almost like another brother.  Alfred raised an eyebrow when Jacequeline told him that Cliff was staying with her.  “It’s not like that dad,” she said.  
Cliff asked her what she had named the baby, and she told him she had not actually thought of a name yet.  He told her she better figure it out, or they won’t let her leave the hospital.  She asked him how the services went for his grandmother. He told her it was hard.  He said he was amazed at the amount of people in attendance at her funeral.  "She was an amazing woman, and she had a lasting impact on the people she knew." He said.   “Cliff, how would you feel about me naming the baby Belinda?  You said she was a tolerant, understanding and compassionate woman.  Those are all the things I want for my daughter.” she told him.  Tears welled up in his eyes.   “I think that would be wonderful.” He said smiling.  The nurse carried the baby in about that time. Alfred held out his hands for the nurse to hand her to him.  Alfred looked down at his granddaughter.  “Welcome to the world Belinda Roberts.” he said.  Cliff walked over and looked at her.  “She is simply adorable.” he said.
Alfred told her that after 25 years working at the mill, he had recently retired.   He told her he had put the house up for sale. "Dad, why would you want to move from Blairsville?" Jacequeline asked him.  "Without my job, there is nothing really left there for me.  I can find a facility for your mother anywhere.  But you live on this side of the state, and so does Dottie and Raymond.  It just doesn't make sense for me and your mother to live over 5 hours away, now that I have retired." Alfred replied. She asked him why he had not told her any of this.  “Well, you haven’t really had much to say to me lately.  It’s been months since we spoke.”  He replied.  She had too much going on to think about that sore subject.  
She changed the subject and asked him about her mother.  He said he had found another institution closer to Philadelphia, and was planning to have her moved when he got settled.  Luckily, Jacequeline had a four bedroom house.  Jacequeline and Cliff had already made the small room next to Jacequeline’s, into a nursery.   Cliff had been living in one of the guest rooms.  And the other bedroom had always been used for an office.  Cliff told her he would take care of ordering a bed to be delivered for the office, and he and Alfred could move the desk and file cabinet out to the garage.  Cliff told her not to worry. It would all be taken care of before she came home.  
A few days later, Jacequeline was preparing to go home. The nurse came in with Jacequeline’s discharge papers.  Jacequeline completed the birth certificate information.  When she got to the father’s name, tears pooled in her eyes, and began to fall down her cheeks.  Alfred explained to the nurse, that her husband had been killed in the war recently.   “I am so sorry for your loss.” the nurse told Jacequeline.  The nurse told Jacequeline to talk to Social Security, about survivors benefits for the child.   Jacequeline nodded.  The nurse handed her the discharge papers, and a prescription for baby formula.  She had been at the hospital for 11 days and was ready to go home. 
When they got home, Alfred helped Jacequeline settle in, while Cliff ran to the market and drug store to get supplies for the baby.  Jacequeline picked up the phone and called Elaine.  When Elaine came to the phone, Jacequeline asked if she had made any arrangements for Evan’s memorial.  Elaine told her that without a body, there was no reason to wait.  His memorial had been held, a few days earlier, at the Inn.  “You did it without me?” Jacequeline asked, shocked and angry.  “I did leave a message on your machine.” Elaine stated calmly.  “I just got home from the hospital! I had a baby!” Jacequeline said almost yelling.  “And why is it you never told me you were pregnant?  Is it because the baby belongs to a man by the name of Barnes?  I knew, as soon as I laid eyes on that child, it was not a Roberts.  If it had been a Roberts, I would have felt compelled to petition the courts to take custody.  You have been living with one man, another claims to be the father of your child. You are not fit to raise a Roberts.” Elaine stated. The venom was obvious in her voice.  
She could not have hurt Jacequeline any more, if she had taken a knife and cut her heart out.  She knew Elaine was hurting from the loss of Evan. And she knew Elaine did not know about the mix up at the hospital, when she first was brought in. Nor did Elaine know that Cliff was gay. But she should have known how much Jacequeline loved Evan.  And now, she was threatening to take her baby, Evans baby, from her, if she thought Belinda was a Roberts.  Jacequeline could not let that happen.  “Regardless of what you think of me, I was his wife. I should have had a chance to say goodbye.” Jacequeline said firmly.  Elaine hung up the phone.  Jacequeline hung up the receiver, and sat down at the kitchen table and cried.  
Alfred came over to the table, and put his arms around his little girl.  She was a grown woman now, but she will always be his little girl.  He asked her what happened.  Between sobs, Jacequeline recounted what Elaine had said to her.  Alfred asked her why she didn’t set Elaine straight.  “For a number of reasons, first of which, she said if she thought Belinda was a Roberts, she would take her away from me.  She thinks I am unfit, because I had another man living here, and because of a mix up at the hospital when my boss brought me in.   The staff all thought I was his wife.  So when Elaine came to visit, they had me listed as Barnes.  And she said the baby does not look like a Roberts.”  Jacequeline told him sobbing. Alfred said that was about the only thing she got right.  Belinda looks like her grandma Caroline.  That made Jacequeline smile.  Alfred hugged her again.  
He told her that he was here for the long hall, as long as she needs.  "Elaine thinks Belinda isn't a Roberts, and I am going to let her continue thinking that.  I don’t want to have to fight them for my daughter." Jacequeline told him.  “You don’t really think the courts would take Belinda, and give her to the Roberts, do you?” Alfred asked.  “Dad, they have money, and they are powerful.  I’ve never seen Elaine want something that she didn't get. But she is not going to get my baby” Jacequeline said.  Alfred took Jacequeline’s hand in his own.  “You know, we could have our own memorial for Evan.” he said.  Jacequeline’s face brightened.  “Yes, we can. And I know exactly where and when.” She told him.  Cliff came in the front door about that time, with several supermarket sacks.  “Look at all the stuff I got for the baby.  Did you know they make disposable diapers?  Disposable, as opposed to dunking cloth diapers in the commode.  What will they come up with next?”  He said.  Alfred laughed, “Your friend seems excited about diapers.  I nominate him for the first dirty.”   Cliff piled the bags on the table.  
He started unloading the sacks.  He had three packages of Pampers, lotions, powder, baby shampoo, formula, several rolls of paper towels, and more bottles.  “Why did you buy so many rolls of paper towels?” Jacequeline asked.  Cliff said if they wet them, he thought they would make the cleaning of baby bottom easier.  “You seemed to have thought of everything. I don’t know what I would do without you.” She told him.  She stood and hugged his neck.  Belinda began to cry from the nursery. Jacequeline excused herself to go and get her.  Alfred looked at Cliff unloading all the packages.  “You really care about my daughter, don’t you?” he asked Cliff.  Without missing a beat, he replied, “I love Jackie.” But he realized, as soon as he said it, that Alfred would get the wrong idea.  “Like a sister.” he continued.  He realized Alfred was still sizing him up, like he did not believe him.  “Mr. Hollinger, I promise you, I have no romantic interest in your daughter.” Cliff stated.  Alfred looked at him.  He had a hard time figuring Cliff out.  He genuinely did not seem romantically interested in Jacequeline.  So Alfred let it go.  Jacequeline came back into the kitchen with Belinda.  “I think Belinda is hungry.” she said.  “Oh, let me, let me.” Cliff said excitedly. He opened the can of powder formula, he had picked up at the drugstore.  
He began filling pots with water and setting them to boil.  “The book says we need to sterilize.” he said. “Cliff, we have a dishwasher.  Evan got it for me after we came back from Florida. It is supposed to sterilize.” Jacequeline told him.  “Oh, ok, we will do the rest of them like that, but she needs a bottle soon.”  He also boiled some water in another pot to mix the formula. Jacequeline and Alfred watched Cliff boiling bottles and water to mix formula.  He had several pots out, and nearly every bottle they owned.  Alfred was grinning and shaking his head. Cliff read the can to see how to mix it.  “How hungry do you think she is?” he asked Jacequeline. Jacequeline told him that she would not eat more than 2 ounces at a time at the hospital.  He put one scoop of powder in the bottle, and poured two ounces of water into it.  He shook it up, looked it over to see if it had mixed well.  He sprayed some onto his wrist and said it was a little warm.  He ran some cold water on the side of the bottle.  “She is pretty hungry. Is that going to be ready soon?” Jacequeline asked.  Cliff decided it was ready, after testing it a few more times.  
He brought the bottle over and handed it to Jacequeline.  He scooped the remaining bottles out and put them on a towel to dry.  Cliff started pulling big bowls down and sterilizing them, then filling them with the clean bottles and sealing them up.  He got a tea picture down and filled it with boiled water and sealed it up.  Alfred leaned over and whispered to Jacequeline.  “I do not remember your mother doing all this, when you and Thomas were babies.” he said smiling.  “Cliff has read every baby book written.  I would say he is an expert.”  She replied.  Although she suspected Cliff was going a little overboard.  
Later that night she asked Cliff if he would mind being Belinda’s godfather.  Cliff began to cry. He told her he would be honored.  He asked who Belinda’s godmother was, and Jacequeline looked down.  "I always thought my childhood best friend would be my children’s godmother, but we have gone our separate ways in the last few years.  Belinda does not have a godmother." Jacequeline told him.  Cliff saw how sad that made Jacequeline.  “I will have to just pull double duty then.” He told her.  Jacequeline smiled.   Jacequeline had not thought of Audrey in a few months.  She wondered how she was doing, but couldn't bring herself to reach out to her.  Audrey had her own problems, and Jacequeline couldn’t handle dealing with them, on top of her own right now.
As much as he hated to, Cliff went back to work on Monday.  He knew the office would need him with Jacequeline out on maternity leave.  He had taken dozens of pictures of Belinda since she was born, and he chose a few to display on his desk. Alfred was doing a pretty good job with diaper duty.  Jacequeline had to smile watching him the first time he tried.  She asked him if he had ever changed a diaper before, and he told her only a couple of times and they were cloth.  She felt pretty lucky to have her dad and Cliff here to help her.  Every day she had to force herself to get up and face the day without Evan.  Cliff and her dad helped a lot with Belinda.  
Alfred did all the night time feedings, and walking the floors when Belinda had colic.  Alfred told her that he worked so much when they were babies, that he missed out on a lot of the firsts.  Jacequeline wondered if he thought about the firsts he was missing out with Adam.  They had not discussed Adam at all, since he was born.  Usually when he mentioned Dottie and Raymond, he would refer to them as "your mother's sister and her husband." They seemed to have all made an unspoken pact to never mention it.  Jacequeline tried very hard to not think about it, because it still got her upset.  But watching him with Belinda, she had to wonder if he had regrets. If he wished that he could play a role in Adam's life.  Jacequeline shook her head and tried to put it out of her mind. Alfred seemed to have come to terms with it, so she would have to also.

June 1970



The next week was her wedding anniversary.  She decided it was the day she wanted to pay tribute to Evan.  She asked her dad if he would be willing to go with her, to say goodbye to Evan.  Alfred told her he would.  They loaded up in Jacequeline’s car, and stopped by the flower shop. She bought some red roses.  She told Alfred to drive to Buck Hill Falls.  
She directed him to turn on the road that led to the waterfall.  When they got there, she handed Belinda to Alfred and asked them to get out.  He got out with the baby.  She let the top down on her car.  She took an 8 track and plugged it into her car stereo.  She forwarded the stereo to the song she wanted. Jacequeline turned the volume up as loud as it would go.  When a man loves a woman began playing from her car radio.  She got out of her car.  Alfred was standing away from the car looking bewildered.  She told Alfred it was their song.  Jacequeline grabbed the bouquet of roses, and started down the nearby path.
They descended the short path to the overlook, next to the falls. She could hear the song playing.  She remembered Evan holding her and singing it to her. Her tears were threatening to fall.  As they walked further, she could faintly hear parts of the song.  They entered the clearing.  Alfred was stunned by how beautiful the area was.  “Does this place have some significance to you?” Alfred asked.  “This is where he took me on our first date.” she replied.  She could not hold back the tears anymore, they began to stream town her cheeks as she tried to say goodbye to the man she loved.  “Evan, you have a daughter. No matter what your mother thinks, she is your baby.  I have always loved you, and only you.” Jacequeline said aloud to the waterfall. 
She took the roses and unbundled them, and tossed each one into the water.  “Goodbye sweetheart, rest in peace.” Jacequeline concluded.  She sat down on a nearby rock and began sobbing uncontrollably. Alfred put his free arm around Jacequeline.  “He loved you too.” He said.  “How am I going to do this dad?” Jacequeline asked him still crying.  “You are strong, and you will do it.  You will be strong for your daughter.  She needs you.  And you won’t be alone.  I will be here, and Cliff is here.” Alfred told her.  His heart was breaking for his daughter.  He hoped she was stronger than her mother. 

September 1970



Jacequeline went back to work after the Independence Day holiday.  She had to stay busy.  Alfred had gotten to be an expert at mixing bottles, and diaper duty. She felt confident he could manage while she was at work.  She felt very grateful to have him there.  She was going to need to work.  She was afraid to apply for any of Evan’s benefits for Belinda.   She was afraid Elaine would somehow find out, and would take Belinda away from her.  The military did send her a check for Evan’s life insurance.  She opened a savings account for Belinda, and deposited the entire check under her name.  
She threw herself into her work. As long as she stayed busy, she did not have to think of Evan.  A couple of months after she returned to work, Frank asked her to accompany him to a black tie dinner party that he said would have plenty of potential clients.  She reluctantly agreed to go. The dinner party was on Saturday at the local country club.  She dressed up in a navy blue sleeveless formal.  It was fitted with a slit up to the knee.  They had agreed to meet at the office just before 7pm.  He pulled into the parking garage just after she did.  When she got out of her car, he got out of his and went around and opened the passenger door for her. The last time he looked at her, with the big bad wolf eyes, was the day he hired her. He closed her door and went around and got into the driver’s seat.  The country club was only a few miles away.  When they pulled up to the entrance, valet opened his door and Frank handed his keys to him.  Another valet also opened Jacequeline’s door, but Frank got around the car in time to offer his hand to help her out.  He escorted her inside the building, and to the ballroom.  The place was crowded.  Jacequeline had ahold of Frank’s arm.  
As soon as they entered the ballroom, Jacequeline spotted Elaine and Henry.  Crap she thought.  “Frank, I need to speak to you in private for a moment.” she said.  She led him back out in the hall.  She was looking down at the floor, not knowing really how to tell him.  “Elaine thinks Belinda is your baby,” Jacequeline blurted out.  “Why would she think that?” he asked.  Jacequeline reminded him about the mix up at the hospital on the day Belinda was born.  Frank remembered Elaine showing up and leaving before she saw the baby.  “That’s why she left before she saw the baby.” he said.  “Well, we can go talk to her, and straighten this out.” he continued.  Jacequeline said she hoped he wouldn’t.  “I did not confirm or deny her accusation. She told me if Belinda was a Roberts, she would use all her power and connections to take her away from me.” Jacequeline said.  “So you just let her assume.” he said, realizing what Jacequeline was asking of him.  “I know I should have said something to you, but I did not think anything more about it until we walked in here tonight, and saw she was here.” Jacequeline explained.  
Frank studied her for a moment.  He had been attracted to her since the day he met her.  She seems strong and yet vulnerable at the same time.   He knew when she said she was married, she was not the type to ever betray her husband, but she was a widow now, and very vulnerable.  “Well, if she thinks we are a couple, then we will have to be convincing.” he said smiling that wolfish smile again.  Jacequeline did not know if she liked the way that sounded, but she would do whatever she had to do to keep her baby.  Frank held out his arm, for her.  “Shall we go darling.” he said.  She put her arm through his and the two entered the ballroom again.  Immediately, Elaine locked eyes with Jacequeline.  You could tell she was fuming that Jacequeline was there with Frank.  Frank saw the death stare Elaine was shooting across the room at them.  He leaned down and whispered, "I am going to get us a drink."  Then he gave her a light kiss on the mouth.  The kiss caught Jacequeline by surprise, but she figured he was trying to be convincing.  He left her, while he went in search of the bar.
Elaine made a bee line straight to Jacequeline.  “How dare you parade your lover out among my associate’s.” She stated between gritted teeth.  “I am a widow.  I am no longer married.  I can do as I damn well please.” Jacequeline countered.  Frank returned with two glasses of champagne.  “Here you go darling.” he said to Jacequeline, as he handed her one.  “And you!” Elaine said, turning on Frank.  “Now, now, Mrs. Roberts, you wouldn’t want to get all little Italy on me, in front of all these guests would you?”  Elaine’s eyes widened. She turned and walked away, without saying another word.  “What was that all about?” Jacequeline asked him.  Frank told her that before Jacequeline came to work for him, he had tried to get Henry Roberts to do business with him.  So he did a little checking on his family, and while he could not find out much on Elaine, her maiden name sounded Italian. He said he was just feeling her out, to see if he was right.  “Why would you investigate him and his family?” she asked.  “Sometimes it helps to know who you are planning to do business with.” he replied.  It was a vague answer, but it sounded reasonable, so she dropped it.  
As the evening wore on, Frank had several drinks.  She had managed to get to the bartender and asked him to make her virgin highballs with a cherry whenever he ordered her a drink.  She got tired of the dirty looks Elaine was throwing her way, so she went outside for some air.  She was standing by the pool, out on the terrace, when Frank came out to find her.  “Have I told you tonight that you look stunning?” he asked, a little loudly.  “No haven’t, but thank you. We should probably go back inside.” she said.  She attempted to walk around him towards the door, and he grabbed her and kissed her.   
Elaine happened to see him going out the door, and looked to see what he was doing. She saw them kissing.    Jacequeline pulled back from Frank.  “What are you doing?” she whispered.  “Well, I figured, if I am the father of your child, I should at least get to kiss you.” he said.  Crap, crap, crap, Jacequeline thought.  “I am so sorry to have put you in that position. I had just lost my husband, and I did not want to lose my baby too.” she said, hoping he would get the point.  “Jacequeline, I have been attracted to you since you first walked into my office, but you were married and off limits. But my interest has never changed.” Frank slurred.   Crap, crap, crap, she thought again.   Jacequeline heard a noise and looked past Frank. Elaine was standing by the door, staring at them.  Crap.  She put her arms around Frank’s neck and kissed him again.  His tongue invaded her mouth.  She didn’t want to kiss Frank, and she certainly did not want him sticking his tongue in her mouth. But she had to make sure Elaine was convinced that Frank was Belinda’s father.  She pulled back from the kiss, and took him by the hand and led him back inside, to the party. 
Once inside, he was pulled aside by a business associate.  Elaine grabbed her arm, and pulled her over to a corner of the room, so no one could hear her talk.  “Currently your last name is still Roberts.  Making out with your lover in public is undignified.” She stated firmly. Even though she tried to keep a smile on her face, in case anybody looked their way, the venom in her voice was obvious. “Elaine, are you more worried about the fact that you think I cheated on your son, or that I might tarnish the Roberts name?” Jacequeline asked accusingly.  “If that man means so much to you that you would betray my son, and produce an illegitimate child, why don’t you at least marry him, so that your child doesn’t grow up a bastard.” Elaine stated.  They were so distracted arguing with each other, they did not realize Frank had walked up behind them.  “I think that is an excellent idea.” he said.  Jacequeline’s eyes widened and her mouth fell open.  She grabbed Frank by the arm, and led him out of the party.  He slung his arm around her shoulder.  “You and me are going to get married.” he slurred.  Jacequeline told him they would talk about it later.  
The valet brought his car up to the entrance, and she helped him into the passenger side.  Crap.  What was she supposed to do with him now?  He had passed out in the passenger seat.  She drove back to the office and let herself in.  She went up to her office and used the phone to call her house.  Cliff finally answered.  She asked him if he knew where Frank lived.  Cliff said he did.  She asked him if he could come down to the office and help her get him home.  She went back down to his car. He was still asleep.  She got back in to the driver’s seat and waited for Cliff to arrive.  
When he pulled into the garage, she got out and gave him a brief recount of the evening.  He told her to follow him.  She got back into Frank’s car and followed Cliff to a high end neighborhood.  They pulled into Frank’s drive.  It was a circle drive in front of a very modern, two story house.  Jacequeline got out and admired the house.  Her house was nice, but this house was very nice.  She handed the keys to Cliff and he tried several on the front door until he found the house key.  He got the door open, and turned the living room and the porch light on.  Cliff and Jacequeline got Frank out of the car, they managed to half way wake him up enough to stand, or lean anyway, on them.  They carried him inside and to the living room sofa.  They left his keys on the coffee table, and locked up on their way out.  Cliff took Jacequeline back to her car, and she followed him home.  
The next Monday, she was not sure what to expect when she saw Frank.  She was hoping he had gotten so drunk, that he forgot all about the kissing and the proposal. But just in case, she tried to avoid him as much as possible.  That lasted until about 10am, when he came into her office.  “I want to apologize for drinking too much Saturday.  I hope I did not offend or embarrass you.” he said.  “That is quite alright.” she said, not really looking up from the report she was working on.  “I would hate for my fiancé to be upset with me already.” he said.  
Her head shot up and she looked at him in shock.  Crap, he remembered.  “I am sure you were only saying that for Elaine’s benefit.” she said.  “Initially, yes, but if you think about it, wouldn’t it solve a lot of your problems.” he said.  Jacequeline did not want to think about it.  She had only lost her husband a few months earlier, and she was not looking to replace him this soon, if ever.  “I think a lot of you, and you are extremely attractive.  I think we could make great things happen together.  Not to mention, if we are married, and I adopt your child, Elaine could never get her hands on the kid.” Frank stated.  He made it sound like a practical business transaction, a merger of sorts.  She told him she would think about it.  
The next week Cliff came home and told her that Marty had accepted a job in San Francisco and wanted him to move out there with him.  He told her it was a supervisor position, with a considerable pay raise.  Cliff told her San Francisco was a place where he and Marty could actually live together like a couple.  Jacequeline was sad. She had faced so much loss recently. She did not know what she would do without him.  “I think you should do it, go and be happy.” she said, trying to sound supportive for her friend.  Cliff sounded relieved.  She truly believed if she had asked him to stay, he would have.  But she could not do that to her friend.  He needed his chance at happiness too.  By the next weekend he had packed up his car and was hugging her goodbye.  

November 1970



The next couple of months were difficult.  Alfred had to make several trips to Philadelphia, because of Caroline.  Some of the laws regarding the mentally ill had changed.  The doctors were continuously trying to determine if Caroline still met criteria to be in the hospital. Sometimes, Jacequeline would stay home with Belinda when he would go, but if she had a deadline or important meeting, he would take Belinda to Dottie’s while he went to the institution.  It was becoming more and more obvious that this arrangement was not going to work for much longer.  Alfred was going to need to be closer to Caroline, and she was going to have to make some hard choices.  
She sat Alfred down one evening after he had returned from the institution. She told him she thought he should move closer to Philadelphia, to help with Caroline.  She told him she appreciated all the help he had been with her and Belinda, but that her mom needs him, and he should be closer to her.  He nodded.  She suspected he used these trips to also check on Adam.  He went to the phone and called Dottie, and asked her to hold one of the apartments in the building for him.  He had already sold the house back home, and he had been using the basement in Dottie’s building to store his household furnishings.  He told her that Raymond had offered him a free apartment in the building in exchange for helping with maintenance on the units.
She knew her dad would be happier there.  “What about you? What are you going to do? Who will help you with Belinda?” he asked, his concern showing.  “My boss and I have grown closer, and he has asked me to marry him. Elaine already thinks he is Belinda’s father, so it makes sense.” she said. She hated the words, as she spoke them.  She did not love Frank. She was not sure she would ever be able to love anybody other than Evan. “Marriage is about love, not what makes sense,” he said.  “I have already married for love.  I can’t imagine ever feeling that way about another man.  But Belinda needs a father, and she should have a father. I will do what I have to do.” she said, sounding resigned to her fate. 
Alfred stood next to Jacequeline, holding Belinda, while her and Frank exchanged vows at the courthouse.  She did not want a big ceremony. She did not want a big fuss.  She just wanted to be married and done with it.   Alfred had agreed to stay a few more days to help her move and get settled in.  He kept Belinda, while Jacequeline spent her wedding night at Frank's house.  When she got dressed in her nightgown for bed, she stood looking at herself in the mirror.  She wanted to cry.  She knew Frank was going to want to be intimate.  He was her husband now, and she knew she would have to do it.  But she did not want to.  She took a deep breath.  “You can’t hide in the bathroom all night,” she told herself.  She went into the big bedroom where Frank was.  He was lying in the bed grinning at her.  She forced a smile on her face.  She slid in between the sheets. He rolled over to her, and began kissing her neck.  She lay still, and tried to force herself to comply.  He kissed her, and she let him.  He reached under her gown and began touching her breasts.  “I have wanted you for so long.” He said to her.  Jacequeline closed her eyes and tried to imagine her last night with Evan.  She felt him sliding her panties down.  She felt the weight of him as he crawled on top of her.  She spread her legs and gave herself to her new husband.  Frank might have been the one inside her, but Evan was the one in her mind and her heart.  
Alfred helped her pack up her personal belongings, and move it all to Frank’s house.  She made one last trip back to the house in East Stroudsburg, to cover all her furniture.  Frank had told her to sell the house in East Stroudsburg, as well as the furniture, and the Mustang.  It was as though he wanted to wipe away all ties she had to Evan, but she couldn’t do it.  She opened a post office box in Hackettstown, and had all her mail forwarded.  She gave the utility companies her new address, to start mailing her bills. She told Frank that the house had a mortgage, and that since she sold in a hurry, there was very little profit. Before her dad left she had him take her back to the house, and she parked the Mustang in the garage and left it there.  And while she felt bad deceiving Frank, she could not let go of what little she had left of Evan.  She told him that any money she had made from the sale of the house and car, she had deposited into an account for Belinda.  
Frank bought her a new Mercedes.  He also hired a full time nanny for Belinda.  She wanted to continue working, but he told her that his wife would not work.  She protested, and he compromised and told her he would still take her to some dinner meetings. He encouraged her to get involved with the social clubs and that it would help him to generate more clients.  A month after they were married he had his lawyer draw up adoption papers, and Jacequeline signed them.  Jacequeline had Belinda’s name changed on her social security card.  She took Belinda’s old social security card and her original birth certificate and put them in a lock box, along with all the pictures she had of Evan. She hid the box in the bottom of Belinda’s closet.  
She adjusted well to the role of socialite and full time mother.  She also liked having a staff at the house to help with Belinda, and keep up the home for her. The only part she was having a difficult time adjusting to was Frank.  She had hoped that in time, she would develop feelings for him, like she had for Evan.  Memories of Evan would still catch her off guard, and she would have to hide the tears that would threaten to fall.  When she was alone, and she had nothing to distract the memories, she would often crumble.  This happened a lot, especially at night.    
One evening, while she was in the shower, a memory of her climbing into the shower with Evan came to her, and she burst into tears. She sank to the floor of the shower and was sobbing.  Frank happened to come into the bathroom at that moment, and asked her what was wrong with her. She told him she had slipped.  He told her to be more careful, she was subject to break something, and he walked out.  He was not overly compassionate, or romantic.  He did expect Jacequeline to fulfill her wifely duties, and that was very difficult.  She did not feel the passion for him she had for Evan.  Frank was handsome, and he had a nice body.  But her heart still belonged to Evan.  And no matter how many times her mind told her heart that she had to move on, her stubborn heart would not let go.  She would often tell Frank she had a headache.  She knew he was getting frustrated with her and her excuses.  She went to visit with her doctor and told him about her headaches, and he gave her a prescription for Darvocet.  She really did not have many headaches, but she figured if she had a prescription to show Frank, maybe he would not get so angry when she turned him away.  

February 1971



As the months passed, she noticed him working later, and spending more time away from the house.  On one occasion, when she was taking his dirty laundry down to the laundry room, she saw pink lipstick stain on his collar.  She should have been angry.  If it had been Evan, she would have been devastated, but she was relieved.  If he was getting it somewhere else, maybe he would leave her alone.  She did expect him to be discrete and not embarrass her by flaunting his affairs in public though.  Oh God, she was starting to think like Elaine.  Jacequeline shook her head.  Was Elaine in a loveless marriage?  Is that why she was so bitter and cold?  
When Frank came home that evening, she had laid the stained shirt on the bed.  She could tell he had been drinking, by the smell.  He came over and kissed her cheek, as he always did.  “I am not sure I want you kissing me with that mouth.” she said.  He asked her what she was talking about.  She picked up the shirt and showed him the lipstick stain.  Frank immediately became angry.  He snatched the shirt from her hand.  “What the hell are you doing looking through my clothes?” he demanded.  Jacequeline told him she was picking up the laundry to take it down to the wash.  She again asked him to explain the lipstick.  He turned on her, his nose flaring, fury in his eyes.  He got up in her face.  “Do not ever question me!” he yelled.  Jacequeline backed away from him.  “You need to calm down.” she said.  He back handed her. The force of his hand hitting her cheek knocked her to the ground.  She was shocked.  She had never been physically assaulted by anyone, much less her husband.  She could feel her eye starting to swell.  A mixture of anger and fear overwhelmed her.  Tears welled up in her eyes.  “Get up, you want to talk back to me, get up!” he yelled.  “That’s what I thought, next time you will know to keep your mouth shut.” he said, and stormed out.  
Frank did not return to the house until late the next morning.  She was not speaking to him.  He carried in a bundle of flowers. He told her he was sorry. He said he had drunk too much the night before, and work was not going so well, and a bunch more excuses. She let them go in one ear and out of the other.  He held the flowers out to her.  And she feared another angry outburst from him if she did not take them.  She grabbed the flowers from him, and went to find a vase for them.  The only thing he said about her black eye was that she needed to be more careful coming down the stairs.  She knew he meant that she needed to have a cover story incase people asked what happened to her.   She sat at her make up table the next morning, trying to apply enough make up to hide the discoloration of her eye.   She sat there looking at herself, and questioning herself.  What have you done?  You married a violent womanizer.  You don’t even love this man.  You will never love any man, the way you loved Evan.  All these things were true, but Evan is gone.  She was filled with regret at the decisions she had made in haste, and out of fear.  “My mother always said, you made your bed, now you have to lie in it.” Jacequeline said aloud to herself.  
Over the next year, Jacequeline came to realize that Frank’s short temper was only getting worse.  She made sure that Belinda stayed away from him when he was in a mood.  And she never left Belinda alone with him.  She learned how to read his moods, and how to dodge landmines with him.  She related it to how it must feel to learn to adjust to prison.  That's what life felt like for her, a prison, one of her own making.  She rushed into marrying this man because she was afraid of Elaine. But she was starting to think that Frank was more frightening.
One night she worked up the nerve to ask Frank for a divorce.  He looked at her, and an evil smirk crossed his face.  “There is only one way out of this marriage for you, and it is in a pine box.” he said.  “Besides, wouldn’t you worry, that I might fight you for custody of Belinda.” he said.  He had hit her many times, but she had never been more afraid of him than that moment. “I am her father now, and I have as much legal right to her as you do.” He said.  Jacequeline stared at him.  What the hell have I done? She asked herself.

March 1973



The housekeeper answered the phone on the third ring.  “Roberts residence,” she said.  She summoned Elaine to the phone.  Elaine picked up.  “Elaine Roberts” she said.  Elaine eased down into the chair next to the phone table.  “You’re certain.  Yes, I will take care of that.” She said, into the receiver.  “I will book a flight immediately.” she stated.  She hung up the phone and stared at it for a few seconds.  She summoned Randolph.  “I need the plane to be ready to depart for San Diego, within the hour.” she told him.  Elaine quickly packed for her trip.  She told the housekeeper to let Henry know that she had to leave town for some business and she would call when she could.  
Elaine’s plane touched down in San Diego.  When she exited the plane, she was met by Navy personnel.  They led her to the car they had waiting.  She demanded they explain what had happened.  “Mrs. Roberts, when Lieutenant Roberts’ plane was shot down over Cambodia, there were other planes in the area, and none of the other pilots saw him eject.  Apparently, he waited until the last moment to eject from his plane, hoping to avoid detection by the rebels.  Unfortunately, he landed in thick tree cover, and his chute hung up.  He was found by rebels, and taken prisoner.  He was transferred to North Vietnam, and had been held there for the last several years.  We only learned of him being alive during Operation Homecoming.”  The commander told her.  He also warned Elaine that Evan’s time as a POW had been rough. "He has been through a lot in the last several years, both physically and mentally." He told her. Elaine was anxious to see her son.  She couldn’t let herself truly believe it, until she could see him for herself.
They arrived at the Veterans Administration Hospital in San Diego.  The Commander led her to Evan’s hospital room.  His eyes were closed when she first walked in.  She stood in the doorway looking at her son. He looked thin.  He had a wooly beard, and his hair was long.  Evan opened his eyes, and he gave her a weak smile.  “Hello mother,” he said.  Tears welled up in Elaine’s eyes. She went to his hospital bed and took his hand in hers.  She could not believe Evan was alive.  “Where is Jacequeline?” he asked. Elaine had been thinking about what she was going to say to him about the harlot.  “Evan, there is something I have to tell you.  When your plane was shot down, we were told by the military you were dead.  Jacequeline remarried a few months later, she and her husband have a child together.  Considering the circumstances, I was not sure it was wise to tell her you were alive.  I did not want to upset her new family.” Elaine stated.  Evan was obviously upset.  Tears began to fall down his cheeks.  “She married somebody else, and they have a child together?” he asked, as though he needed to hear it again, to fully believe it.  Elaine nodded.  “The only thing that kept me from losing my mind in that place, was thinking of her, and wanting to come home to her.” He said. Elaine's heart was breaking for her son. He had endured unimaginable pain, and Jacequeline was the only thing he wanted.  Elaine despised the woman, but she had a maternal moment of weakness for her suffering son.  “If you want me to tell her, I will.  I can have Randolph find her immediately, and bring her here." Elaine told him.  
Evan thought about it for a few minutes.  He loved Jacequeline with all his heart.  As much as it kills him to let her go, her happiness was all that mattered. “No, not if she has moved on, and is happy.” he said.  “I believe she is happy.” Elaine told him.  Evan asked what she had.  Elaine told him she had a little girl. Evan spent the next few weeks in the hospital, recovering from the years he had spent in the POW camp.  He gathered his strength back, as well as his weight.  Elaine had a barber come to the hospital to give Evan a proper haircut and shave.   Physically he seemed to be recovering.  He looked more like the man that had left home so many years ago.  But there was an emptiness she saw, when she looked in his eyes. Elaine wasn't sure if it was from being held captive for so many years, or from losing the woman he loved.  She hoped time would heal his wounds.   
Elaine stayed in San Diego with Evan until he was strong enough to leave the hospital.  He had decided to stay in California.  He could not bear to go home and chance running into Jacequeline.  Elaine set him up in a house near the beach, and promised to come and see him often.  Evan asked if his father knew he was alive, and she told him that she had not yet told him.  Henry had been having heart troubles, and she was going to have to pick a good time to tell him.  She promised that she would bring Henry to see him, after she told him. Henry's heart troubles were not the only reason she had waited.  Henry had made it clear that Evan was dead to him, long before the military said he had been shot down.  She was not sure Henry deserved to know the truth, and she was sure Evan wasn't strong enough to handle anymore rejection.  Her son was frail, physically and mentally.  Elaine had to protect him from any more harm.  
Evan discharged from the service.  He seemed to have lost his direction after finding out Jacequeline was remarried.  He had always had a clear vision of his future, practicing law after he left the service, starting a family with Jacequeline, and now none of it will happen. He did not know how to start over.  Elaine encouraged him to contact the State Bar for California.  He told her he would eventually, he just needed time.  None of it seemed to matter without Jacequeline.  
Elaine hated leaving Evan, but she had to fly home and check on Henry, or he would become suspicious of her lengthy absence.  She was still torn as to whether to tell Henry.  If she could be certain that Henry would rejoice in the fact that their son was alive, and be supportive of his recovery, she would tell him in a heartbeat.  But she wasn't sure that would be the case. Henry had written off Evan long ago.  He refused to discuss Evan in the few years since the plane crash.  Henry seemed to have erased any part of Evan from his mind or heart.  And in the last few months, he had suffered a few episodes of heart pain.  The doctors had diagnosed him with angina, so she was worried this news could cause a full on heart attack.  Deciding as to whether to tell Jacequeline or not, was quite a bit easier.  Elaine decided shortly after Evan’s plane crash, that she was definitely not good enough for her son.  Evan was vulnerable, and she would not risk Jacequeline taking advantage of him, and trying to crawl back into his life, especially with a bastard child.  And Elaine was sure that Evan would take her back, child or not, if she asked.  Evan was always a little too soft hearted, and she had to protect him from being taken advantage of. 

December 1973



Jacequeline got a call from her father one afternoon.  He told her that Caroline’s institution was closing, and he was going to be bringing her home.  She asked if there were other facilities he could admit her to.  He told her that the hospital told him that some new laws had passed regarding institutionalization of the mentally ill, and that most mental institutions were closing.  She asked what he was going to do, and he said he was going to keep her at home. She would continue treatments, as an outpatient.  Jacequeline told him she would bring Belinda to see him and Caroline, when he got her home and settled.  
Two weeks later, Jacequeline pulled into the lot of Raymond and Dottie’s apartment building.  This is the first time she had seen them since Adam was born.  Adam would be five now, Jacequeline thought.  Jacequeline had wanted to travel up during Thanksgiving, but Frank protested, and it was not worth the fight. So she waited until the week after to travel.  Frank did not ask to go, and she did not offer, the less time she had to spend with him the better.  
Dottie told her they had an efficiency apartment that was vacant, and she could stay in it while she was here.  She let herself into the front door of the 5 story building.  A sign hanging on the wall said manager apartment 10A.  She went down the hall until she found their apartment.  She knocked on the door and a little dark haired boy answered.  She had not seen Adam since he was born.  He looked just like Thomas.  Dottie must have heard the front door open, she ran into the room.  “Oh, hello, it’s been so long.” she said.  Dottie seemed nervous.  She walked over to Adam.  “Sweetie, this is your cousin Jacequeline, and the little angel she has with her, is your cousin Belinda.” Dottie said to Adam.  
Belinda was as curious as most three year olds.  She spotted some of Adam’s toys, so broke loose of Jacequeline’s hand to run inside.  “Oh, let them play. You probably still have to get your stuff out of your car, and get settled in anyway.”  Dottie said to her.  She stepped out into the hall and knocked on the door of the apartment next to hers.  We moved your parent’s down here on the first floor, when your mom got released from the hospital. I did not want her to have to up and down the stairs.  Alfred came to the door.   His face immediately brightened when he saw Jacequeline.  He asked where his baby girl was. Dottie pointed into her living room.  He peaked into the living room and saw Belinda playing with Adam and his trucks.  Alfred commented on how big she had gotten.  “POPPA!” Belinda shouted when she saw him, and ran to his arms.  He scooped her up.  “How’s my Little Bit doing?” he asked her, his face beaming.  “I play cars.” she said and she squirmed to get free. He put her back down, and she ran back inside to play with Adam.  Dottie suggested Alfred help Jacequeline get her suitcases, and show her where she will be staying.  She told Jacequeline she would watch Belinda while they got settled in.  
Jacequeline followed Alfred back out to her car and opened her trunk.  He got their suitcases out and led her back into the building.  He showed her up the stairs to the second floor and to a small apartment two doors down.  “This is one of the efficiencies.  I hope you will be comfortable here.  I brought some bed linens up here and some towels for you to use.” He said.  Alfred used the key to open the door, and let her inside.  It was small, but clean.  The living area and kitchen were one large room split by a bar with a couple of bar stools in front of it.  It had a sofa and one bedroom with a bed and dresser.  The bathroom was small, but the place was actually fairly nice.  She appreciated them letting her have her own apartment to stay in, while she was here visiting.  Alfred told her to get settled in, and freshen up if she wants.  He told her that he and Raymond are planning on grilling hamburgers for dinner, and he had better help him get the grill ready.  
Jacequeline unpacked her suitcase, and washed up in her bathroom.  She stepped out in the hall and bumped right into one of the tenants.  He dropped a file he was holding, and some of his papers flew out.  He bent down to retrieve his papers. When he stood, he looked familiar to her, but she couldn’t quite place from where.  “Jacequeline Roberts?” he asked.    “Do we know each other?” she replied.  “Brian, I was your driver in Beverly Hills several years ago.” he said.  “Oh my God, yes, wow, how have you been?  Why are you in Philadelphia?” she asked.  “Well actually, when we first met, I was basically a beach bum with no idea what I wanted to do.  Then, after what happened to you, I decided I wanted to go into law enforcement.  I enrolled in the police academy, and for several years, I was a cop in LA.  I had been applying to work at the Bureau of Narcotics, and recently the agency was revamped. It is now the brand new Drug Enforcement Administration, and when I completed my training, I was assigned to the Philadelphia field office.” He told her.  
Brian had changed some.  He still had the same handsome face, but his blond hair was cut shorter and neater.  They sat down on the steps of the stairs, and visited like old friends. Her trip to San Diego, was the last time she saw Evan. Brian was a part of that trip, and talking to him made her feel closer to Evan.  She told him about Evan’s plane crash, and that she had remarried.  He asked if she was happy, and she told him she was, but he could tell in her eyes that she was lying.  She invited him to join her and her family for their barbeque. 
They descended the stairs together, and ran into Dottie in the hall.  “Dottie, can you believe one of your tenants is an old friend of mine from California.” Jacequeline said to her.  “Small world,” Dottie replied, smiling.  She insisted Brian eat dinner with them.  They all went out to the playground area, the kids ran to the swings.  Dottie covered a couple of the picnic tables with table cloths.  Jacequeline saw Raymond fighting a blaze in the grill.  She leaned towards Brian and whispered, “I hope you like your burger’s well done.”  He laughed.  While they ate Jacequeline asked him how he liked being in Philadelphia, and he told her it was ok, but California was home for him.  He told her he hoped that eventually, when he has paid his dues, he would be able to transfer closer to California.  “It does help the homesickness seeing a familiar face though,” he said and smiled at her.  
Jacequeline felt so relaxed being here with her family.  At home with Frank, she always felt on edge.  Even when he was not being mean, she felt like she was waiting for the other shoe to fall.  Lately, it seemed like any little thing would set him off.  He would go through extreme personality changes, from being nice to suddenly being very mean.  She knew that his business was struggling.  He mentioned it every time he apologized for getting out of line.  She would give anything just to be able to just stay here with Belinda, and be close to her parents.  She would rather live in that shoebox apartment close to people she loved, than in a mansion with a man she could not stand. 

September 1975



Late one afternoon Jacequeline received a frantic call from Dottie.  Alfred and Adam had been in a car accident.  Dottie was nearly hysterical when she called.  Jacequeline told her she would leave immediately and come to Philadelphia.  She arranged for the nanny to stay over with Belinda while she was gone. She loaded up in her car and drove straight through.  She arrived at the hospital emergency department and asked for Alfred Hollinger’s room.  Raymond spotted her from the waiting room.  When he approached her, his eyes were red and swollen from crying.  “What happened?” Jacequeline asked.  "Alfred was going to the hardware store to get some supplies for the building.  Adam asked if he could go with him, and Dottie let him go.  Apparently they were struck head on by another car.  Dottie is in the other room talking with the police about the accident, she asked me to sit out here and watch for you.” he said.  “How is my dad, and Adam?” she asked him.  Raymond told her that the doctors have been working on them since they were brought in.  “They have not really told us anything yet, just that they are both in pretty bad shape.” He said.  
Dottie entered the waiting room.  She asked Raymond if the doctors had given him any news yet.  Raymond shook his head no.  Jacequeline asked Dottie if she knew anymore about the accident.  She told them that another car was speeding and crossed center and hit Alfred’s car head on.  The other driver was not injured, but he was intoxicated and was arrested.  
A doctor came out into the waiting room, and asked for Mr. and Mrs. Hess.  Dottie and Raymond rushed over.  “I would like to speak with the two of you in private, if you would please follow me.”  He said.  “Is my son alright?” Dottie demanded.  “Please, follow me down the hall to my office, so we can talk.” he said, his face solemn.  Jacequeline knew that look. She had seen it she twice before, when Thomas and Evan had both passed away.  “No, I want to know now, is my son ok!” Dottie demanded, her voice rising.  
The doctor looked down.  “I am sorry, your son sustained extensive internal injuries.” He said.  “Then fix him!” she yelled loudly.  “We tried everything, but his injuries were too severe.  I am sorry.” He said again.  “What do you mean? If you can’t fix him, find somebody that can.  Send him to another hospital if you have to.  You have to save my son!” Dottie yelled hysterically.  “He is gone, Mrs. Hess, I am sorry.” the doctor said softly.  “NO! NO! He can’t be gone. My baby can’t be gone.” Dottie said in loud sobs.  Raymond asked if they could see him, and the doctor told him to give the nurses a few minutes to clean him up and they could.  Dottie collapsed in Raymond’s arms.  He looked helpless.  
Jacequeline looked away. She felt such shame for being angry with Dottie and Alfred for so long about Adam.  She felt bad for keeping that little boy out of her life, because he was a reminder of her father and her aunt’s betrayal to her mother.  She had lost another brother, one that she barely knew.  
Raymond helped Dottie over to a chair in the waiting room.  He asked her if she wanted to leave, and she told him no, she wanted to stay and see how Alfred is.  Jacequeline walked over to the nurse’s station and asked for an update on her father.  The nurse told her he was being transferred to ICU, and he was in critical condition.  She asked if she could see him, and they told her they would check with the doctor.  
She went back to the waiting room and sat next to Raymond.  Dottie was gone.  She asked him where she went, and he said the restroom.  Jacequeline asked where Caroline was, and he told her that one of the building tenants was looking after her.  “I am so sorry you lost your son.” Jacequeline told him.  Raymond just sat there looking at the floor, tears rolling down his face.  “I am sorry you lost your brother.” he said.  
She looked over at him, with a shocked look on her face.  He looked up at her.  “They didn’t know that I knew.  When she first told me she was pregnant, I was angry.  And actually, it was you that helped me to accept him.” He said.  Jacequeline asked what he meant.  He reminded her of the day Adam was born.  He said it became obvious when she had figured it out.  “Before you left, you came into Dottie's hospital room, and told me I had a handsome son, and that he looked like Dottie’s dad, and that I would make a good father.” He said.  “The doctor’s told me years ago that it was unlikely I would ever father a child, because I had the mumps after puberty.  I looked at that child, and I loved him.  I knew Dottie loved me, and I knew Alfred and her were guilt ridden over what had happened.  They chose to pretend it never happened, and I decided to do the same.” He told her.  “All this time, how could you have my father living so close, and never say anything?” Jacequeline asked.  “Your father gave up his claim to Adam.  As angry as I was with him, I loved Adam like my own, and he was my only chance to be a father.  
I knew it killed Alfred to not to claim him, especially after losing Thomas, but he remained silent.  They paid for their mistakes with the guilt they both carried, but I got to have an amazing son. Because of him, I could not carry a grudge.  When that little boy called me his daddy, I could feel nothing but blessed. Jacequeline hugged her uncle Raymond. “You are a truly remarkable man.” she said.  
“What do you think is taking Dottie so long? Should I go look for her?” Jacequeline asked.  Raymond nodded.  Jacequeline found the ladies room, but there was no one inside.  She came back out and told Raymond that Dottie was not in there.  He said he would go out to the parking lot, and see if she went to the car.  Jacequeline went back to the nurse’s station, and asked if they had seen her.  One of the nurses said that she saw Dottie going towards the ICU.  “Which room is my father in?” Jacequeline asked.  The nurse told her, and Jacequeline hurried down the hall towards the ICU.  
Dottie was sitting next to Alfred’s bedside.  She did not see Jacequeline approach.  She could hear Dottie talking to Alfred.  Jacequeline approached a nurse near the ICU desk and asked if Alfred was awake.  The nurse told her he had not regained consciousness since he was brought to the wing.  Jacequeline went back over to his door.  “Thank you for allowing Raymond to be his father.  Adam was the best gift I could have ever gotten.  I know it was hard for you to stay back on the sidelines, and watch another man raise your son, but Raymond loved him.  Adam did not make it. Our baby is gone.” she said, before breaking down in sobs again.  Jacequeline backed away from the door, and walked up on it again, as though she had just gotten there.  “Aunt Dottie, Raymond is looking for you.” Jacequeline said to her.  Dottie nodded and got up from the chair next to Alfred’s bed.  
Jacequeline looked at her father, he was pretty banged up.  He had hoses and tubes connected to him.  His face was swollen, and discolored.  He had dried blood on his face and an open gash.  Dottie left the room, and Jacequeline took her place in the chair next to his bed.  A doctor came into the room a little while later.  He introduced himself as Dr. Nash.  He wasn’t very old, probably close to Frank’s age.  He told Jacequeline he was a neurologist, and that her father had sustained severe head trauma.  He told her that Alfred was in a coma, and unless he wakes up, there would be no way to know how extensive the damage is.  “You said unless, does that mean he might not wake up?” she asked.  Dr. Nash told her that they were at a wait and see phase with him.  He could wake up in the next few hours, or not for days or even weeks.  She asked the doctor if her father was stable now.  He told her that in his opinion, he was.  
Jacequeline had not considered that she may need to be here for days or weeks.  She would need to have the nanny bring Belinda to her.  She went in search of a phone to call Frank.   She called the house, and he answered.  She asked how Belinda was, and he said the nanny was putting her down to bed.  She told him how her father was, and that Adam had died.  He asked what her plans were, and she said that she wanted to stay close to her father in case he needed her, but she wanted Belinda to be here with her.  “So what are you trying to say?” he said impatiently.  “I am trying to say that if I can get the nanny to bring me some more clothes and Belinda that would be best, if not then I will come home briefly and get her myself.” Jacequeline replied, annoyed with his lack of concern. 
He told her the nanny did not get paid to follow her all over the state, and she would probably need to come get the kid.  She hung up the phone.  I hate that man, she thought to herself.  She found Raymond and Dottie in the waiting room and filled them in on Alfred’s condition.  She told them that she needed to go back home and get Belinda.  “When I got your call, I underestimated the severity of their condition. I had not made plans to be down here for several days.  I will need to go get Belinda and bring her back with me.”  She told them.  Raymond told her to go, and take care of that. They would look after Caroline and Alfred until she returned.  She asked him if he was sure.  She hated to impose on them right after Adam’s death.  But she did not want to leave Belinda with Frank, nanny or no nanny.  
She hurried to her car and drove back home.  The nanny and Frank were sitting on the couch enjoying a cocktail, when Jacequeline walked in the house. They both looked shocked and guilty when they saw her. Apparently, they did not expect her to return tonight.  She was in no mood to put up with his crap tonight. She ignored them, and walked up the stairs to pack a bag for her and Belinda.  When she walked into her bedroom, she sat down on the bed and started to cry.  Her dad was her rock.  He had always been there when things were tough.  Cliff was on the other side of the country. She knew if she called him he would come, but she did not want to disrupt his life like that.  
She thought of all the loss she had experienced in her life since Thomas.  She walked to the phone on her bedside table and called the Parker’s. She was hoping they would give her Audrey’s number.  She had not talked to Audrey in a long time.  But she needed her, she needed somebody.  Mrs. Parker said Audrey was actually there visiting, and called her to the phone.  When Audrey came to the phone, Jacequeline broke down crying.  She told Audrey that her father had been in a wreck and she did not know if he would live.  Audrey asked where they were and she told them Philadelphia.  “I am on my way.” she said.  Jacequeline had not expected her to drop everything and come to help her, but she was grateful.  She hurried and packed.
While she was zipping up the suitcase, Frank walked into the room.  He told her that the nanny was just relaxing after a hard day of taking care of Belinda.  “I do not care.” Jacequeline told him.  She could see him starting to get angry.  “Are you getting smart with me?” he asked, in a tone that she usually took as a warning not to push him.  But today she did not care.  “My father is in the hospital, and I do not know if he will live or die.  My little cousin died, my brother died, my mother is an empty shell, and the man I loved died.  I do not care if you are keeping company with the nanny.  But let me make one thing clear to you, if you ever raise your hand to me again, I will kill you in your sleep.  I swear to God I will.” She stated, in a voice that let him know she was dead serious. She grabbed her suitcase walked past him.  
She went into Belinda’s room and woke her up.  She told her to slip her shoes on and come with her.  Belinda sleepily followed her down the stairs and out the front door to Jacequeline’s car.  It was late when she arrived back in Philadelphia. Belinda was asleep in the back seat for the entire ride.  When they got to the hospital she carried Belinda inside, and found Dottie and Raymond in the waiting room.  Jacequeline was exhausted, she had driven the hour and a half drive, between home and Philadelphia three times in the last 24 hours and it was catching up with her.  Raymond reached out and took Belinda from Jacequeline.  “I have her, go see about your dad.” he said.  There had been no change in his condition since earlier.  She talked to him, but she was not sure if he could hear her.  She went back out to the waiting room and Dottie suggested they go back to the apartment building, to get some rest.  “I can’t, my friend Audrey is driving down here, and I told her to come here.” Jacequeline told them.  
They insisted on at least taking Belinda home with them, so they could put her to bed.  Jacequeline hated to be an imposition on them, considering they had just lost their son.  Raymond reached out and touched her hand.  “We insist.” he said.  Jacequeline nodded.  She followed them out to her car. He got their suitcases out of her car and put them in his trunk.  She kissed Belinda’s sleeping head, and told them she would see them later.
Jacequeline returned to the waiting room and found a sofa.  She sat down and closed her eyes to rest them for a few minutes.  She awoke to Audrey shaking her arm.  Jacequeline sat up disoriented.  “You’re already here? That was fast.” Jacequeline said.  “I left my house over five hours ago.” She replied.  Jacequeline shook her head to wake herself up.  “I must have dozed off.” she said.  Jacequeline looked at her friend.  She was older, but looked more like the girl she grew up with.  She had put on a little weight, and her hair was longer than she used to wear it.  Jacequeline stood and hugged her.  “I am glad you came.” She said.  
They walked down to the ICU to check on Alfred.  His condition had not changed.  Audrey was shocked at how battered he looked.  “You said he had been in a wreck, but I don’t think I was prepared for how bad it was.” she said.  Jacequeline suggested they go over to the apartment and get some sleep.  Audrey followed Jacequeline over to the apartment building, and waited while she got a key from Raymond.  He told her that Belinda was sound asleep, and to go ahead and leave her until they get up.  
She did not get the same apartment as the last time.  Raymond told her he gave her one of the two bedroom units, since Audrey would be staying with her.  He told her that he had moved beds in, and put linens on them for her.  Jacequeline thanked him and led Audrey up to the 3rd floor.  The apartment was quite a bit larger than the efficiency she stayed in before.  Audrey told her to take the bigger bedroom since she had Belinda.  They were both exhausted from traveling so they agreed to catch up later and turned in.  
Jacequeline awoke to sounds of Belinda playing.  She came out of the bedroom to find Audrey and Belinda playing in the floor of the living room.  Audrey told her that she got up early and ran to the market and got some food.  She said she bumped into Raymond and Belinda when she returned.  “I told him I would take her and babysit.” She said.  Jacequeline looked over to the kitchen bar and a plate of eggs and sausage was sitting there.  “Is that for me?” Jacequeline asked.  Audrey told her there was also coffee in the pot.  She said Raymond had put a few dishes in the apartment for them to use.  Jacequeline poured herself a cup of coffee and sat down on the couch.  Belinda crawled up next to her with a book.  “She is a doll.” Audrey said.  Jacequeline smiled.  They sat there for a little while and Jacequeline caught her up on the events of her life.  She told her about Evan’s death.  She told her about Frank, and why she married him.  And she told her about Adam, and how that sweet boy was gone.  
Audrey asked about Caroline.  Jacequeline told her that she really had not gotten any better, but they closed the hospital and she was now at home.  “Oh, God, I should go check on her.” Jacequeline suddenly thought.  Audrey told her that when she ran into Raymond, he was taking Caroline a plate of breakfast.  Jacequeline asked Audrey how long she was going to be able to stay.  Audrey confessed that she had gotten laid off from her job a few days earlier.  “I had gone over to my parent’s house to ask them if I could move back in for a while, and you called before I could ask them.” Audrey said smiling.  Audrey told Jacequeline that she could stay as long as she was needed.  Audrey told her to take care of Alfred, and she would look after Belinda and Caroline.  
There was a knock on the apartment door.  Jacequeline asked who was there.  “Brian.” he said.  Jacequeline looked down at herself.  She was still wearing her pajamas.  She asked Audrey to let him in while she went to change.  Jacequeline rushed into the bedroom to find something to wear.  Audrey answered the door.  Brian looked down at her and asked if Jacequeline was there.  “Bwian!” Belinda said excitedly and ran to him.  Brian scooped her up.  “How is my girl?” he asked her.  Audrey told him that Jacequeline had gone in the bedroom to get dressed.  She invited him inside.  
Audrey was wondering why Jacequeline had not mentioned this man before.  She looked him up and down and had yet to find a flaw.  Jacequeline returned to the living room.  She made introductions between Audrey and Brian.  “I am so glad you are still living here.  How did you know I was here?” she asked him.  He told her one of the building tenants told him the day before about the wreck, and this morning he ran into Raymond and found out which apartment she was in.  He told her he took the day off from work to help her and the Hess’s.  “That is so sweet of you, but probably unnecessary, Audrey drove down here to help me.” Jacequeline told him.  “Well actually, I could probably use his help, since I will be looking after your mother as well.” Audrey said hurriedly.  
Jacequeline looked over at her.  She had known Audrey nearly all their lives. She immediately knew Audrey just wanted an excuse to be around Brian.  Audrey could do worse.  Brian was a good guy.  He had helped her during a dark time.  Not to mention, he worked for the DEA. If they were to get together, that would certainly keep Audrey from falling back to old habits.  “Well if you don’t mind then, we would welcome your help.” Jacequeline told him.  Brian told them he was going to take Belinda down to the playground to run off some energy.  “I’ll join you down there when I finish getting ready, and clean up the kitchen.” Audrey told him.  
Brian told her how to get to the building playground.  He said you can only get inside the playground walls, if you go out the side door of the building.  Brian carried Belinda out of the apartment.  When they were gone, Audrey turned on Jacequeline.  “Why have you been keeping that beautiful man, a secret from me?” she asked.  Jacequeline laughed at her.  “We have not spoken for a long time, and when I saw you last night, we had a lot of other things going on.”  Audrey asked if he was married.  And Jacequeline said he wasn’t the last time she saw him.    Audrey hurried and cleaned up the breakfast mess, then went into the bathroom to finish getting ready.  Jacequeline finished getting ready as well, and told her she was leaving to go check on Alfred.  

She left Audrey a signed check and asked her to pick up some groceries and household supplies today.  Jacequeline left the apartment and descended the two flights of stairs to the first floor.  She went down to Dottie and Raymond’s apartment and knocked on the door.   Dottie answered.  Her eyes were puffy and red.  Jacequeline’s heart went out to her.  She thought she would curl up and die if anything ever happened to Belinda.  She had lost Evan and it was hard, but she figured the loss of a child would be so much worse.  “Is there anything I can do for you?” Jacequeline asked.  Dottie shook her head no.  She said Raymond is handling making the funeral arrangements.  She said she had been torn about whether to bury Adam here or in Blairsville near Thomas.  Jacequeline was touched that she would even consider that.  “I think you should bury him close by, so you can visit his grave as often as you would like to.” Jacequeline said.  Dottie seemed relieved that she felt that way.  
Jacequeline told her that Brian and Audrey would look after Caroline and Belinda.  She told Dottie she was going to check on Alfred.  Before leaving the apartment building she used the payphone in the hall to call Frank.  His tone was different with her than it usually was.  Maybe her standing up to him the day before had made an impact.  “When are you coming back?” he asked.  “I don’t know.” she replied.  “Are you coming back?” he asked softly.  He truly sounded worried.  “I don’t know.  I have some thinking I need to do.” she said.  She hung up the phone.  
Frank had been able to tell for quite some time, that Jacequeline was unhappy.  He thought she was ungrateful, he married her and claimed her kid, yet she never really acted like his wife.  He had thought about leaving her, and recently after getting involved with one of the associates at his office, he had consulted an attorney.  The attorney told him that if either of them filed for  divorce, that the court would order an independent accounting firm go through his business financials and estimate the value of his holdings, to determine the divorce settlement. In addition, he would likely have to pay child support, and alimony.  With the economy struggling, he had gotten involved with some creative business ventures, and he could not have an accountant going through his financials with a fine tooth comb.  He would have to stay married.  When he hung up the phone with Jacequeline, he cursed.  She was thinking about leaving him.  This was bad.  He called a florist in Philadelphia, and ordered some pink roses to be delivered to the hospital for Jacequeline.  He told them to what he wanted them write on the card.
 I am sorry I haven’t been the husband I should have been.  I love you. Please give me a chance to prove it to you, and our daughter.  If there is anything I can do to help out with your father, let me know.
Jacequeline made her way to the ICU.  Her father still looked the same as he had the day before.  Someone had cleaned him up and had gotten the dried blood out of his hair.  She sat there for a little while talking to him, not really knowing if he could hear her.  She told him she was thinking about divorcing Frank.  She told him that she had never loved Frank, and after all these years, she still only had room in her heart for Evan.  A nurse came into the room carrying a bouquet of roses.  She told Jacequeline that they were for her.  She pulled the card out and read it.  If she had any love at all for Frank, his words would have meant something, but they left her feeling empty.  A little while later, the doctor came in to check on Alfred.  Jacequeline asked him if he thought Alfred would eventually wake up.  Dr. Nash told her it was hard to say.  He said Alfred was breathing on his own, and his heart was strong, but he just did not seem to want to wake up.  He told her that if his condition did not change within a couple of days, they may have to consider moving him to a long term care facility.  The doctor left, and Jacequeline sat back down at Alfred’s bedside.  “Dad, if you can hear me, I need you. Please wake up.” she pleaded.  Alfred did not move, or make a sound.  
A financial counselor for the hospital came into the room a little while later.  She introduced herself as Betty Henderson.  She asked if Jacequeline was Mr. Hollinger’s next of kin.  Jacequeline explained to her that her mother was still alive but was mentally disabled.  She asked Jacequeline who was going to be responsible for his medical expenses.  Panic hit Jacequeline, she knew he was retired, and she was not sure if he still had medical insurance.  I will have to find out if he still has medical insurance.  Betty said that the ambulance that brought him had his wallet. The police had gone through it to identify him, and they had handed it over to admissions.  It contained an insurance card.  She said his insurance was still active, but it was not going to cover all of his expenses.   Jacequeline nodded.  She gave Betty her home address and phone number, and signed a form making her responsible for Alfred’s medical expenses.  When Betty left the room, Jacequeline thought about having to put Alfred into long term care, and probably Caroline as well.  That would probably end up being costly.  She did not have any money of her own, and if she left Frank, she would not have any at all.  When she worked before, she barely made enough to take care of herself and Belinda.  There was no way she would be able to afford her parents medical expenses without Frank’s help.  Crap.  
When she got back to the apartment building that afternoon, she checked on her mother.  She was sitting in a rocking chair, with her same vacant expression.  “Hey momma, it’s me Jacequeline.  Would you like me to get you some dinner?” Jacequeline said to her, trying to sound cheerful.  Caroline did not respond, or even acknowledge she was there.  It had been eight years since they lost Thomas.  It felt like she lost her mother at the same time.  Caroline was alive. Jacequeline could look at her and touch her, but she was empty.  Caroline did not seem to know what was going on around her. Jacequeline felt ashamed to admit it, but sometimes she forgot about Caroline.  Jacequeline felt like she lost her mother when she lost her brother. Jacequeline told her she would be back in a few minutes with a plate of dinner for her.  
She left the apartment and went up the stairs to the 3rd floor.  She let herself in to the apartment.  Audrey was in the kitchen.  “Brian said he would grill hamburgers on Raymond’s grill, if I would prepare the fixings and sides.” Audrey said cheerfully.  Jacequeline nodded.  “Belinda is napping in your room.” Audrey continued.  Jacequeline nodded again.  Audrey put down the tomato she had been slicing and washed her hands.  She walked into the living room area and sat down.  “What’s bothering you?” she asked.  Jacequeline sat down and told her how bad her marriage was. She told Audrey that Frank has been known to strike her, and she was certain he has had affairs.  She told her about how she stood up to him before she left, and about the flowers he sent to her at the hospital.  “Do you think you can forgive him?” Audrey asked.  “That is not the problem so much as, I don’t love him. I never have, and the entire time I have been his wife, I have been miserable.” Jacequeline said defeated.  “I love Evan, I have always loved Evan, and there was never any room in my heart for Frank.  Maybe that is why he has always been so mean, maybe he knew, and felt rejected.” She said.  “That is no excuse for hitting you.” Audrey stated firmly.  Jacequeline nodded.  
She told Audrey about standing up to him before she left, and that maybe it made a difference with how he will treat her.  “I know this sounds terrible, but I spoke with a financial counselor at the hospital, and they said there will be some out of pocket expenses that insurance does not cover for my dad.  If he ends up having to go to a long term care facility then there will be even more.  Plus, I will have to figure out what to do with my mother.  Without my dad to care for her, she may have to go in a facility also.  I haven’t worked since I married Frank, and other than the Inn, working for him was the only job I ever had.  I barely made it on my income after Evan died, with just me and Belinda to support.  I won’t be able to afford my parent’s medical expenses on my own.  I will have to try to make things work with Frank.” She said.  Audrey told her that she understood.  “Sometimes you have to make choices you don’t like for the greater good.” She said.  “I feel like that is all I have been doing since Evan died, sacrificing my own happiness for the ones I love.” Jacequeline said.  
Jacequeline went down to the ground floor.  She knocked on Dottie’s door.  Raymond answered.  She told them that Brian was planning on grilling dinner for everybody.  Raymond told her that Brian had already come and told them.  She asked if they had made any plans for Adam’s service.  Raymond gave her the details.  She hugged his neck and told him she would see him at dinner.  She walked over to the payphone to call Frank.  “I got the flowers you sent earlier, thank you.” She said.  “I meant what I said, I will try harder.” he said.  “I will too.” she told him.  She filled him in on Adam’s service.  He said he would try to drive over to attend, but he would have to leave right after.  He asked how Alfred was doing, and she told him there had been no change.  She told him the doctors said if he doesn’t improve in a few days they will probably move him to a long term care facility.  She said if that happens, she will have to decide where, and what to do about Caroline.  He told her he understood.  He said he would see her on the day of the funeral.  She gave him the address of the funeral home and told him to meet her there.  
She had not offered him the address of the apartment building.  He had never asked where it was located, and she didn’t know why, but she had never wanted to tell him where it was.  When she would visit the apartment building to see her parents, it was her escape from him, a place to relax and not feel so on edge.  And if he were to visit her here, it would change that.  She stood in the hall after hanging up the phone.  He had never been to her house in East Stroudsburg either.  That was her home with Evan.  Every year on their anniversary she would drive back to the old house, and sit in the living room and play their song over and over again, and just cry.  That house made her feel closer to Evan. And maybe that is why she never could sell it, and why she never brought Frank there.  She realized standing there, that she had shut Frank out of a lot of her life.  That realization made her feel guilty.  No wonder he was so mean to me, I have always had a ghost between us, she thought.  She vowed to try to do better.  
She got up early the day of Adam’s funeral.  She wanted to help Dottie as much as she could.  Audrey was going to stay at the building and look after Belinda and Caroline.  The apartment building was an old school house.  When Raymond had remodeled it and turned the classrooms into apartments, he left the old cafeteria.  He thought it would be good to have an activity room for families that wanted to use it for celebrations.  Today, it would serve as the reception after the funeral.  Audrey said she would have it set up when the funeral was over.  When Raymond repurposed the building he tried to keep as much of the structure the same as it was before.  The front door of the old school house faced the main road.  A side walk ran along the front with a path that led to the front entrance.  There was no parking in the front, the parking lot was in the back of the building, and that is the door all the tenants used to come and go.  Jacequeline had never really wondered around the building much.  She had only been here a few times, and usually it was to her parent’s apartment, Dottie’s apartment, or the one they let her borrow when she was visiting.  The old cafeteria was located at the very front of the building, next to the front entrance.  She went with Audrey to check it out before leaving to go the hospital.  There were old banquet tables set up with chairs.  It very much looked like an old school cafeteria.  Belinda started running around the room and hiding under the tables.  Jacequeline asked her if she thought she could handle setting up for guests and looking after Belinda. She said that Brian had offered to stay and help her.  She blushed when she said his name.  “I take it you two are getting closer.” Jacequeline said fishing for information.  Audrey said they were just friends, but she had a guilty grin when she said it. Jacequeline told Audrey that she was going to go over to the hospital and check on Alfred. She had decided to have Frank meet her there if he got to town early enough.  She hugged Audrey and thanked her for all her help.  
She drove down to the hospital, and was sitting in her dad’s room talking to him, when Frank arrived.  She went to him, hugged him and thanked him for coming.  He noticed her flowers were still in Alfred’s room.  “Why did you leave your flower’s here?” he asked.  She told him that they added cheer to an otherwise dreary room, and she wanted to think of him when she was sitting here, feeling down.  He seemed to accept that answer.  The truth was, she did not want to look at them in the apartment.  He looked at Alfred, and asked her if there had been any improvement.  She shook her head no.  She told him that the doctor said if nothing changes within the next week, they will probably find him a long term care facility to move him to.  “Will you be able to come home after that?” he asked.  “After I get him and my mother settled, yes, I will come home.” she said.  He seemed genuinely relieved.  Audrey’s words went through her head, “Fake it until you make it.” she had said.  
She put her arms around his neck and kissed him.  He seemed happy about her efforts. He invaded her mouth with his tongue.  Why did she always want to vomit when he did that?  Evan used to French kiss her all the time, and it made her feel breathless and excited.  She had never enjoyed kissing Frank.  She painted a smile on her face, and told him she had missed him.  Boy, she was turning into quite the liar she told herself.  She looked up at the clock on the wall.  “We need to get going so we are not late for the service.” She told him.  Frank followed her in his car to the chapel.  They walked in, hand in hand.  
The funeral director showed them which side was reserved for family.  When they walked in, she saw Dottie and Raymond sitting on the front row.  As they walked towards the front and Raymond motioned for them to sit on the same pew with them.  The chapel filled with a lot of people that Jacequeline did not know.  She recognized a few faces as tenants of the apartment building.  She saw several short red headed people that resembled Raymond, and figured they were his extended family.  
Dottie broke down in uncontrollable sobs during the eulogy.  Frank disappeared for a few minutes, and came back carrying a box of Kleenex.  Jacequeline took a few of them for herself, and passed the box over to Dottie.  After the service they loaded his little casket into a hearse, to transport him to the cemetery.  Frank pulled Jacequeline aside and told her he did not think he would be able to stay for the burial service.  She offered to walk him outside to his car.  She hugged him and thanked him for coming.  He kissed her and told her to come home as soon as she could.  
After the burial, Raymond told the attendants that there would be a gathering at the apartment building.  Jacequeline hurried back to her car, and rushed over to the apartment building to see if Audrey needed any help before everybody got there.  When she entered the cafeteria, Audrey had placed small vases of flowers on the tables.  She had rearranged some of the tables, and it looked like she had spent a lot of time cleaning.  Jacequeline asked where Belinda was and Audrey told her that Brian had taken her out to the playground.  Audrey had set some tables up with food, and drinks.  Jacequeline helped her set some plates and cups out.
People started wandering into the cafeteria.  Several people brought food to be shared.  Raymond and Dottie came in to the cafeteria.  They stopped and looked around and came over to Audrey.  Dottie hugged her and thanked her for setting everything up for them.  Raymond told everyone to help themselves to the food and drinks.  Jacequeline saw Brian bringing Belinda in the door.  Belinda broke loose of his hand and ran to her.  Jacequeline asked her if she was hungry, Belinda eagerly nodded.  Jacequeline made her a plate and sat her in a chair next to Brian.  Audrey sat in the chair on the other side of Brian.  Jacequeline noticed that there was definitely something going on between Audrey and Brian.  The crowd started to thin out.  Raymond said he was going to take Dottie to their apartment to rest.
Jacequeline told him not to worry about the mess.  They would make sure it got cleaned up.  He thanked her.  Audrey told Jacequeline that she could take Belinda on up to the apartment, and she and Brian would clean up.  “Are you sure?” Jacequeline asked.  They insisted, so she left the cafeteria.  She got down the hall before she remembered she should probably take Caroline a plate.  She turned around and went back towards the cafeteria.  When she entered the room, she caught Brian and Audrey kissing.  She coughed to get their attention.  She laughed when they got embarrassed.  “I came back to get a plate for my mom.” she said.  She quickly fixed Caroline a plate.  As she was walking out the door she told them to carry on.

October 1975



A week later, Dr. Nash met with Jacequeline and told her that Alfred’s condition had not changed, and it was time to make arrangements for him to be transferred to a long term care facility.  She had already considered this was probably going to happen, and had been looking into facilities in New Jersey.  She discovered that his health insurance would not pay as much if he was in another state.  In addition, she wanted a facility that would suit his needs as well as Caroline's.  Considering she would not be able to have them in New Jersey, she decided to keep them close to Philadelphia.  Here they had doctors here that were familiar with both of their conditions, and Dottie and Raymond would be able to visit them regularly.  The hospital social worker helped her find a facility.  
She pulled her car up to the front of the long term facility.  It was a fairly new, brown brick, single story building.  The design of the building was unique.  It reminded Jacequeline of a spider.  When you walked into the main entrance, or as Jacequeline liked to think of it, the body of the spider, the main nurse’s station was directly in the middle.  The administrator’s office was next to it.  Jacequeline told them she was there to tour the facility and discuss admitting two new patients.
The administrator was a friendly heavy set blond.  She had short hair that framed her face.  She introduced herself as Deborah Vail.  She asked Jacequeline questions about her parent’s health conditions, and insurance.  She gave Jacequeline a tour of the facility, they walked down each of the halls, or spider legs as Jacequeline liked to think of them, and she was shown several rooms.  Deborah said that Alfred would need to be on the Skilled Nursing unit because of his condition.  She said generally patients share a room with one other patient.  She said that typically Caroline would be on the long term care side. But because they are married, that if Jacequeline preferred, Caroline could share his room.   Jacequeline liked that.  
She hated the idea of putting them in a facility, but the idea of them being together was comforting.  Deborah said that she could make arrangements for Alfred’s transfer since he was in the hospital, but she would have to bring Caroline because she was at home.  Jacequeline had to fill out papers to assume the costs over what insurance paid.  She shook Deborah’s hand and told her that she would bring Caroline as soon as possible, and the hospital would be in touch when Alfred was ready to discharge.  
Jacequeline visited with Dottie to discuss her parents.  “I visited with a lawyer and was advised I should probably petition for guardianship of my parents.  After some thought, I wondered if you would be willing to be their co-guardian with me?” Jacequeline asked.  She explained that because Dottie lived closer and would be more up to date with their medical condition, it made sense for her to be a guardian.  “I realize that this is a lot to ask, and if you do not want that responsibility, I completely understand.” Jacequeline said.  Dottie told her that she would be honored.  
Raymond and Dottie helped her move Caroline to the facility and get her settled in.  Jacequeline felt so bad leaving her there.  But she knew it was for the best.  Raymond and Dottie had just lost their son.  She was afraid to even ask Frank to bring Caroline home with her.  And with Alfred in the hospital himself, this was the only option.  Before she left, she told Caroline that Alfred would be here in a couple of days, and she hugged her mother.  
She spent the next two days cleaning out her parent’s apartment.  She boxed up old pictures and keepsakes that she wanted to keep and pass down to Belinda.  She found a couple of old quilts her mother had made for her and Thomas and boxed them up to keep as well.  She did not know what to do with the furniture.  She asked Raymond and he suggested they store it in the basement.  He told her that is what he did with all the left behind furniture and that is how he sets up her an apartment when she comes to visit.  Raymond said that he had hired one of the tenants to do maintenance and they would finish cleaning out the apartment.  
It had been nearly a month since the wreck.  Jacequeline was preparing to get Alfred discharged and moved, and she knew she would have to go home afterwards.  Frank was growing impatient not having her home.  She sat with Audrey one evening after dinner discussing what Audrey’s future plans were.  Audrey told her that she had visited with Raymond about staying.  Jacequeline should have been surprised, but since Audrey and Brian had grown closer, Jacequeline wasn’t all that surprised that Audrey wanted to stay.  Jacequeline asked her what she planned to do about work.  Audrey told her that she had discussed with Raymond about turning the old cafeteria into a diner.   She said Raymond like the idea and he was willing to make some modifications so that it had its own entrance on the front of the building.  She said she had worked out a deal with Raymond so that he gets a percent of the profits, and she also gets free rent on the apartment.  She said she had a little savings, and her parents are going to help her out until she starts making a profit.
Jacequeline was proud of Audrey.  At one time she was worried that Audrey would not live to see 20.  Now she was going to open her own business.    Audrey was so excited, telling her about her plans for the diner.  She said that Brian offered to help Raymond with some of the renovations on his day off.  Jacequeline could not help smiling.  Audrey’s enthusiasm when she was excited was one of the things she loved about her, and Jacequeline was so happy to see that in her again.  
Alfred was moved into the long term care facility a few days after Caroline.  Jacequeline brought some of their personal belongings over and tried to make the room seem less like a hospital.  She hung up pictures of their family, and put their favorite bedspreads across the beds.  She asked Raymond to bring Caroline’s rocking chair to the facility for her.  Caroline used to live to knit.  While packing up their apartment, Jacequeline found her knitting basket.  She brought it with her to the facility, and sat it by Caroline’s rocking chair.  She hated leaving her parents, but it was time for her to go back to New Jersey.  She had been in Philadelphia for weeks, and she figured if she pushed it any farther, she would end up divorced.  She packed up her car.  Everybody was sad to see her go.   Belinda was clinging to Audrey and did not want to let her go.  She hugged everybody goodbye, and got into her car for the drive to New Jersey.  
At the last minute, she decided to make a detour.  She drove to the house in East Stroudsburg.  She pulled into the drive and sat there looking at the house.  Belinda was asleep in the backseat.  She got out and looked around.  One of the neighbors had been keeping the grass mowed.  They would also let her know if there were any problems with the house.  She got the boxes she had saved from her parents, and carried them into the house.  She put them down in the living room.  And just like she always did when she came here, she turned on their song, and sat down holding Evan’s picture.  The front door opened and Belinda came inside.  She walked over to Jacequeline and looked at the picture in her hand.  Belinda pointed to it.  “That is your other daddy. He is the one that helped make you.” Jacequeline told her.  “Daddy” Belinda said.  And she kissed his picture.  Tears welled up in Jacequeline’s eyes. Jacequeline finished unloading the boxes from the car.  She took one last look around, locked up and drove to New Jersey. During the drive, Jacequeline had to keep telling herself that if she was going to make things work with Frank, she was going to have to quit living in the past.  Evan was gone, and no matter how much she wanted him back, it was not going to happen.

March 1976



Evan sat at his desk at his office looking over some briefs he needed to file.  His mother was flying in this evening. Since his return to the states, she would make it a point to visit at least once a month.  She would usually stay for two or three days.  He wanted to get done at the office early so he could meet his mother at the airport.  He had been back in the states for 3 years.  He had started a small law practice in San Diego. His mother had bought him a house near the beach.  That turned out to be a mistake, and he was considering selling it.  Looking at the beach reminded him of his time in Florida with Jacequeline. Each time Elaine visited he had asked about Jacequeline and her daughter.  Maybe part of him was hoping that one of those times Elaine would tell him that Jacequeline was not happy, and there was a chance for him.  Elaine had not told Henry that Evan was alive.  She said that she had spoken with his doctors and Henry's heart couldn't handle the shock.  Two of the most important people in his life had no idea he was still alive, and for their sakes he had let the lie continue.
Evan picked up a picture he had sitting on his desk. It was of him and Jacequeline standing on the beach in Florida.  He had mailed it to his mother on her birthday, while he was stationed in Florida. His mother had put away in a trunk, after he was reported dead.  Evan had requested that she bring it to him on one of her visits. He wished he could let Jacequeline go, but his heart just was not ready.  He stared at the photograph and his heart ached for the woman he loved.  Every time Elaine visited, he would ask her about Jacequeline, and every time Elaine would tell him she was happy.  She told him he was too young and handsome to pine away for a woman that was in love with someone else.  Evan tried to accept that, his brain told him to let go, but his stubborn heart could not.  
Alfred did not get any better.  He stayed in a coma for almost 6 months before getting pneumonia.  Dottie called Jacequeline late one night and told her that the facility had transferred Alfred to the hospital. And his condition was not good.  Jacequeline immediately packed a suitcase for her and Belinda and drove straight to Philadelphia.  Dottie, Raymond, and Audrey were at the hospital when she arrived.  Audrey told Jacequeline that she would take Belinda back to the apartment, so she could sleep. Jacequeline was so grateful to have Audrey back in her life.  She hugged her friend and thanked her for helping out.    
The doctor came out to the waiting room and asked to speak to Jacequeline.  He told her that Alfred was having difficulty breathing. He said he could either put him on a respirator, or let him pass on his own. Jacequeline asked him to explain the respirator to her. "It breathes for him. He could improve and we could eventually remove it, or he could be on it for the remainder of his life." The doctor explained. "If we don’t put him on this breathing machine, he will die?" Jacequeline asked. "Your father is struggling to get oxygen, his breathing is shallow, and he is in distress. I have reviewed his medical history, and I am aware that he has been in a coma for several months.  Lying in bed being inactive will often attribute to getting pneumonia, so I can't say for sure that if we will be able to get the pneumonia to clear up.  And if we do, he will likely get it again." The doctor told her.  He painted a grim picture for Alfred's outlook.  He had already been in a coma for months, and now to keep him alive a machine will have to breathe for him. Jacequeline did not want to think about letting her father go, but she had spent a lot of time watching him being trapped in his own body.  She remembered him talking about Caroline being an empty shell, and how he never wanted to be that way.
Jacequeline asked the doctors to keep him comfortable, but not to take extreme measures to prolong his life.  Dottie asked if she was sure.  “He would not want to be kept alive like this.” Jacequeline said tearfully.  Dottie nodded.  Alfred lived five more hours, and quietly passed on his own.  Jacequeline spent the next few days planning his service. Jacequeline was torn about whether to bury him next to Thomas or Adam.   In the end she decided to hold his service in the same chapel as Adam’s, but to have him buried next to Thomas.   Raymond was Adam’s father, in the ways that mattered. Someday when it’s his time, he should have his place next to Adam.  She had Alfred's body delivered to Blairsville after the church service, and the next day a handful of people gathered at the grave side when Alfred was laid to rest next to his oldest son.  Frank had not attended the funeral with her.  He had made some excuse about important business he had to attend to.  Truthfully she was glad he did not come.  He had done better not to let his temper get out of control since the accident, but after a few months he fell back into his old patterns of staying out late, and keeping her in the dark about his life.   

February 1978



Jacequeline got a call late one evening.  It took her a minute to figure out that the squealing woman on the other end of the line was Audrey.  “Calm down Audrey.  I can’t understand a word you are saying.” Jacequeline told her.  “Brian proposed!” she said, still giddy with excitement.  It was Valentine’s Day, and they had been dating for a while, so Jacequeline was not at all surprised.  Audrey filled her in on the entire proposal.  She said he had been acting sketchy for the last few days and she was a little suspicious that he may be fixing to ask her.  She said he took her to a dark lit romantic restaurant, and all through dinner she kept expecting it to happen, but it didn’t.  So when dinner was over, she was feeling a little disappointed.  
He suggested they take a walk through a nearby park.  She said they entered the park walking hand and hand.  He mentioned the sky, and how many stars were out.  She said they rounded some tall shrubs. The ground was covered in rose petals and flickering candles.  “I was stunned.  He dropped to one knee, and proposed.” Audrey said, her voice cracking from emotion.  “That is so sweet and romantic.” Jacequeline said.  She was genuinely happy for her friend.  Brian is a good guy and they made such a sweet couple.  “You are going to be my maid of honor, aren’t you?” Audrey asked her.  “Of course,” Jacequeline replied. 
Jacequeline asked if they had decided on a date yet. She said as soon as they got home from dinner, she grabbed a calendar and they picked one.  She said they were getting married on July 15.  Jacequeline told her that a few weeks earlier Belinda brought home a brochure for a summer camp that one of her friend’s was going to.  She had begged to go, and Frank finally agreed to pay for it.  She told Audrey that Belinda will be gone to camp during the wedding.  “Oh no, I was planning to ask her to be my flower girl.” Audrey said, sounding disappointed.  Audrey told her they chose the date of the wedding around Brian’s vacation time from work.  “On the bright side, if Belinda is away at camp, I will have more time to help you with wedding planning.” Jacequeline told her.  “Yeah, I guess.  I suppose I can ask Brian’s sister, if her daughter can be my flower girl.” Audrey said, still sounding disappointed.
Over the next few months, they talked on the phone several times a day about wedding plans.  Jacequeline also made several trips to Philadelphia to help with dress shopping, and other wedding plans.  Audrey had chosen to get married in the park where Brian proposed, followed by a reception in the diner at the apartment building.  She said that her parent’s had offered to help with the wedding, but they had already helped her get her business started, so she did not want them to cover the cost of the wedding too.  She said she wanted it to be a small affair, just close friends and family.  Audrey said the diner staff was going to do all the catering.  Except the cake, Dottie had insisted on baking the cake.  Jacequeline asked if all Audrey’s brothers will be attending.  “My older brother Greg works with my dad.  Neither of them will be able to take off prior to the wedding, so they will drive up the night before or the day of the wedding.  Greg’s wife, Laura is pregnant again.  As soon as she pops one out, she is pregnant again. This make’s three for them, and the other two are still in diapers, so I guess he needs to work.” she said laughing.  “Mom is coming down, at least the week before the wedding, and she is bringing my little brothers with her.” Audrey finished.  “Little brothers?  The last time I saw them, they were towering over you.  How old are they now?” Jacequeline asked.  “I guess I should have said younger brothers.  Johnathon is nineteen, and Shane is seventeen, and yes they tower over me. All of them do, except mom.   I ended up being the only one that got my mother’s height, the rest are all tall like my dad.” She said.
Jacequeline asked if Brian had gotten the pleasure of meeting all of her brother’s yet.  She said that she had taken him home to meet her parent’s months ago, and her brothers love Brian. “My entire family loves Brian. Shane is even considering going into law enforcement now.” Audrey said.  “Bet your mom loved that.” Jacequeline said chuckling.  “Mom was quick to change the subject.” Audrey said laughing.  Jacequeline was truly happy for Audrey.  Brian had become a close friend, and Audrey had been her best friend since grade school.  They made the cutest couple, and they seemed so happy together.  
June 1978



Belinda would be leaving on the last Saturday of June for camp.  She would be gone for about a month. Jacequeline was not sure how she felt about letting Belinda go away for that long.  Jacequeline had talked with parents of some of the children that were going.  Many of their kids had gone the year before and had loved it.  Jacequeline knew that Belinda was growing up and she would have to quit sheltering her so much, but that didn’t mean she had to like it.
At breakfast one morning, just a few days before Belinda was due to leave for camp, Jacequeline told Frank that after Belinda leaves for camp, she thought she would go to Philadelphia and stay until after the wedding.  She told him there would be a lot of last minute things to plan and organize for the wedding.  Frank was drinking his coffee and reading his morning paper, and he nodded to her as though that was an answer to her statement.  “Are you listening?” she asked.  Frank sat the paper down.  She repeated what she had said about Philadelphia.  “That’s fine by me.  I doubt I will be able to make it to the wedding.  Give your friends my best.” He said, and picked his paper back up.  “Do you even know my friend’s names?” Jacequeline asked.  “Bill and Alice, or something like that. I can’t remember the girl’s name. You know I am not very good with things like that.” He replied.  Jacequeline sighed.  The last several years, actually for most of their marriage, this is how it had been.  Frank had little to no interest in her life.  He had no interest in sharing anything about his life either.  Since she no longer worked at the firm, he no longer talked about his business with her.  She did not know if things were going well, or if they were struggling.  They were two virtual strangers that lived under the same roof.  The only thing that had improved was his temper, or at least he seemed to have a better handle on it. He had not hit her since she stood up to him.  Instead he ignores her.  
He did better, for a few months after Alfred’s wreck, but by the time Alfred had passed away, he had basically started living his life like she was not there.  They rarely talked.  And truthfully, she didn’t care.  He never was the man she wanted to share her life with. She did not have the closeness with him that she had with Evan.  Evan was not only the love of her life, but he was truly her best friend.  They talked about everything.  When anything good or bad happened in her life, he was the first person she wanted to share it with.  Even now, when Belinda does well in school, or something good happens, she drives to the old house and tells it to Evan’s picture.  She felt alone.  She had her friends.  She talked to Audrey often on the phone.  Cliff would call her at least once a week.  But they both had their own lives. She missed having someone to share her life with.  
Jacequeline had to fight back tears when her little girl boarded the bus with the other kids, to go to summer camp.  She had given the camp Dottie’s telephone number in case of any emergencies.  She told her to have fun, and tried to keep a brave face when Belinda ran towards the bus to be with her friends. Belinda waived from the window as it pulled out of the parking lot.  She was getting so big.  Evan would have been so proud of how independent she is, Jacequeline thought.  
Jacequeline pulled into the parking lot of the old schoolhouse apartments.  She knocked on Dottie and Raymond’s apartment door.  Raymond answered.  He said all the women were down at the diner.  He offered to get her bags and haul them up to Audrey’s apartment.  She handed him her car key and thanked him.  She crossed the building to the front side where the diner was located.  When she walked in, Dottie, Audrey, Gloria, and Brenda were huddled together at a table looking through magazines.  She had not seen Brenda or Gloria since the summer she worked at the Inn.  “Oh my goodness, look at you two!” Jacequeline said excitedly.  She hurried over to the table to join the others.  It had been eleven years since they all worked together at the Inn.  “What are you two doing here?” Jacequeline asked.  Brenda told her that she and Gloria kept in touch after that summer.  And when Brenda got a job offer at a magazine in New York a few months ago, Gloria offered to let her move in with her.  “When did you move to New York?” Jacequeline asked Gloria.  Gloria told her she moved to New York a few years ago after finishing law school.  Jacequeline asked Brenda what she did at the magazine.  She told them she wrote editorials for a fashion magazine.  “Brenda is dating a photographer, he said he would take pictures at the wedding, isn’t that cool” Audrey said excitedly.  “As long as they’re not all of Brenda.” Jacequeline said laughing.  Audrey said that Brenda and Gloria had both agreed to be bridesmaids too.  
The next day they all went shopping for dresses.  Audrey had chosen baby blue as the color for the wedding.  She ended up picking a four tiered capelet style dress for them all.  The chiffon material made drapes all the way down, starting with the shoulder sleeve area.  The dress made Jacequeline feel like a window blind, but the day was for Audrey, and she would wear whatever Audrey wanted her to wear.  Next, she picked out matching floppy sun hats for them all to wear with their dresses.  She said they would attach little flowers to them to match the dresses.  Finding Audrey a dress presented a bit more of a challenge.  She was barely 5 foot tall, and all the dresses were too long.  Finally after trying on several, the boutique owner told her that they could alter most of them to fit her stature.  She found one she liked and they had her stand on a platform while they pinned the bottom.  They told her they would have it ready before the wedding.

July 1978



The week of the wedding was hectic.  Audrey was stressed and obviously overwhelmed.  Jacequeline tried to keep her calm, and remind her that the ceremony was not as important as the marriage, and it would all work out.  Early Sunday morning, just as Jacequeline was getting up and getting coffee, Audrey ran into the apartment with a newspaper.  “Jacequeline, I went out to get the Sunday paper because my wedding announcement is in it. But so is something else, an obituary for Henry Roberts.” She said, and handed the newspaper to Jacequeline.  Jacequeline took the paper from her and read it.  It said he died a couple of days earlier from a heart attack.  It listed his many accomplishments and businesses.  It said he was survived by his wife Elaine of the home.  It did not mention Evan at all.  “Are you going to go to his memorial?” Audrey asked her.  Jacequeline thought about how Henry had treated Evan when he joined the service.  She thought about how Elaine had threatened to take Belinda away from her.  “No, I doubt Elaine would want me there, and besides it’s the same day as your wedding.” Jacequeline said.  
Elaine phoned Evan when Henry had his heart attack.  Henry had suffered several small ones over the last few years.  But this one he did not recover from.  She knew it was risky having Evan come to Pennsylvania for the service, but he needed to say goodbye to his father.  She booked him a private plane and he arrived on Sunday.  She had insisted on a family only service for Henry on Tuesday followed by his burial.  His public memorial was to be held the following Saturday.  Henry had long ago told her that he did not want his body displayed for everyone to see and look at.  He had insisted that his actual funeral be private.  Considering the fact that everyone in Pennsylvania thought Evan was dead, she had no problem with honoring Henry’s wishes.    
Evan’s hair was longer and he had grown a beard.  Elaine would have normally scolded him for his shaggy appearance, but not today, and certainly not this close to home.  When he got to the family estate, Elaine was on the phone talking to some of Henry’s business associates.  Evan poured himself a cup of coffee and sat down at the dining room table.  He saw the newspaper sitting on the table and picked it up.  “Your father’s obituary is in there.” Elaine whispered, with her hand covering the phone receiver.  Evan thumbed through the newspaper until he got to the page with Henry’s obituary.  He read through it.  He was upset that he and Henry had not made amends before Henry’s death.  He turned the page, and another picture caught his eye.  Brian Gaines and Audrey Parker’s wedding announcement.  Evan knew both of them.  Audrey was Jacequeline’s best friend, and Brian was their driver in California.  How in the world did those two meet? Evan thought.  Jacequeline. She would have had to introduce them.  She would be there.  They are getting married in Philadelphia on Saturday.  When Elaine got off the phone, Evan told her that he would attend the private funeral, but he did not want to go to the public memorial.  Elaine was so relieved, that she did not question why he didn’t want to go.  The funeral was held at the funeral home.  Elaine and Evan were the only ones in attendance.  Evan told her he would stay with her until after the public memorial and he would fly home to San Diego on Sunday.  
He got up early Saturday morning and borrowed Henry’s car.  He told his mother he wanted some time alone, and he would see her after the memorial.  He drove to Philadelphia.  The newspaper said that the wedding was being held in Fairmount Park.  Luckily, there were signs posted at the park entrance for the wedding.  He had arrived early.  He found a place to park near the wedding.  The vendors were still setting up, and none of the guests had arrived yet.  He was wearing a ball cap and had sunglasses on. It had been several years since he had been back to Pennsylvania.  He was older, his hair was longer, and he sported a beard and mustache.  He figured even if he ran into somebody he knew, they likely would not recognize him.  He found the band setting up and struck up a conversation with the band leader.  He asked what music the bride had chosen for her bridesmaid’s entrance and exit.  He said they were told to play a soft ballad for the entrance and exit.  Evan reached into his pocket, and pulled out two hundred dollars.  “Do you know When a Man Loves a Woman?” he asked.  Evan asked him to play it after the ceremony, for the exit. Evan went back to the car and waited for the guests to arrive.
Wedding day was hectic.  Greg’s wife became terribly ill, and was not going to be able to attend the wedding.  Jacequeline was trying to help Mrs. Parker corral the toddlers and get them loaded into cars to ride to the ceremony.  Greg and his brothers had already left to go to the park to make sure everything was set up for the ceremony.  Jacequeline told Mrs. Parker that she would take the toddlers with her to the park and hand them off to Greg.  Mrs. Parker was grateful. She had her hands full trying to keep Audrey from having a melt-down.  Jacequeline loaded the tots up in her car and drove over to the park.  She got them out of the car. Jacequeline had one on her hip, and was holding the other ones hand as she walked from the parking lot to the ceremony site.  Greg saw her coming across the parking lot with his kids and came over to take the one she was carrying.  Jacequeline and Greg walked back to the ceremony site together.  
Evan watched from his car.  He assumed the kids she had with her were hers, and the man helping her was her husband.  Tears threatened to fall.  He had been home for 5 years and he had not been able to move on from Jacequeline.  He loved her as much today as he did before he left for Vietnam.  He got out of the car and walked towards the ceremony site.  He stood back in the distance behind some shrubs so that he could get a closer look at her.  She was still beautiful.  She was smiling and laughing and playing with the kids.  The man standing next to her was smiling and seemed happy too.  They looked like a happy little family.  A little girl came running around the corner of the shrub and saw him standing there.  Evan smiled down at her.  “Are you here for my uncle Brian’s wedding?” she asked.  He told her he was.  He pulled a red rose off of a nearby rose bush.  He asked her if she had seen the pretty lady in the blue dress with the big hat standing next to the band.  She nodded.  “That’s Aunt Jackie.” she said.  “Can you give this rose to her, and tell her she looks exceptional, and her husband is a lucky man?” he asked.  She took the flower and headed back towards the wedding party.    Evan turned and headed towards his car.  He stopped to look back and see if Jacequeline got his flower.  The little girl had just handed it to her.  
“Aunt Jackie, this nice man told me to give this to you, and tell you that you look ceptional and your husband is lucky.” she said, as she handed it to her.  Jacequeline took the rose, and looked at it.  She had only ever had one man tell her that she was exceptional, and that was Evan.  She looked around to see who might have given it to her, but she didn’t see anybody that would know the significance of those words.  She asked Katie where the man was, and Katie told her she would show her. They went around the bush and he was gone.  
From the parking lot, Evan watched her searching for who had given her the rose.  He turned to go to his car and he bumped into Brenda.  She stood there for a second.  “Do I know you?” she asked.  He shook his head no.  “Are you sure? You look familiar.” she said.  “I must just have one of those faces.” he said.  “Are you here for the wedding?” she asked.  “No, I just came to enjoy the park, but I saw a wedding was happening, so I am going to move along.” He said.  He stepped around her and headed toward his car.  She shrugged it off, and joined the rest of the wedding party.  She found Jacequeline sitting in a chair looking at a rose.  “That’s pretty, where did you get it?” Brenda asked.  “Katie handed it to me. She said a man wanted me to have it.” Jacequeline replied.  “That’s weird, I just saw a man…” Brenda was interrupted by Mr. Parker announcing that the bride had arrived.  The bridesmaids lined up and Mr. Parker helped Audrey out of her car.  They all made their way to the flower covered arch.  
Evan moved his car closer, so that he could get a better view of the ceremony.  When the minister pronounced them man and wife, the bride and groom kissed.  They walked down the aisle.  The band started playing as the bridesmaids followed the bride and groom.  Half way down the aisle, Jacequeline realized what song was playing and she stopped.  She looked back at the band, and then she looked around at the wedding guests.  Gloria was right behind her, “What’s wrong?” She asked.  “Why are they playing this song?” Jacequeline asked.  “I don’t know, but you need to keep moving.” Gloria told her.  They got to the end of the aisle.  Audrey and Brian were shaking people’s hands and telling them about the reception.  She walked up to Audrey and whispered in her ear.  “Did you select that song for our exit?” Jacequeline asked.  “I didn’t pick any particular song. I wasn't really paying attention.  What did they play?” Audrey asked.  “Mine and Evan’s song.” Jacequeline told her.  Audrey shrugged.
Jacequeline walked over to the band and asked about the song, and how they came about selecting it.  He told her a man had approached him earlier and requested it.  Jacequeline scanned the crowd again. She could not figure this out.  Somebody was messing with her head, and she would like to know who it was.  Brenda told yelled across the crowd for her to hurry along, that everybody was ready to relocate to the reception.  Jacequeline started across the parking lot towards her car.  She looked across the lot, and a man was sitting in a black car.  He was wearing glasses and hat.  She couldn’t really see much of his face because he had a lot of facial hair.  She stopped and looked right at him.  He was quite a distance away from her, but he seemed to be looking right at her.  She started towards his car, but he put it in gear and drove away.  She went back to her car. By the time she could get out of the parking lot, she could not see his car anymore.  
Evan pulled out of the park and pulled behind a store across from the entrance.  He killed the engine and sat there for several minutes.  If I had just set there, she would have walked over to me.  She would have realized it was me, and I was still alive.  But then, she would have to make a choice between me and the man she has made a life with since she thought I was dead.  I can’t do that to her.  I can’t put her in that position.  She is better off thinking that I am dead.  He wiped the tears from his cheeks.  He pulled out of the parking lot, and drove back to the Roberts Estate.  
At the reception, Jacequeline was distracted.  Brenda came up and asked her what was on her mind.  “There was a man at the wedding.  He was sitting in the parking lot staring at me.” Jacequeline said.  “What did he look like?” Brenda asked.  “He was parked quite a ways away from my car, so I did not get a good look at him. He looked to have dark hair and a beard.” Jacequeline told her.  “Oh yeah, I saw that guy before the wedding.  I ran into him in the lot.  I told him he looked familiar to me, but he said we had never met. He said he was just looking to enjoy the park. He was not there for the wedding.” She replied.  Audrey yelled out for the single girls to gather around she was going to toss her bouquet.  “Gotta go.” Brenda said.  

April 1980



Audrey called one afternoon to tell Jacequeline that she had just come from seeing her obstetrician.  Jacequeline already knew Audrey was expecting her first child.  Audrey had called her squealing with excitement several weeks earlier when she first found out she was pregnant.  This call was different. She seemed to be in shock.  Jacequeline immediately became concerned.  “What is wrong? Audrey, answer me, what is it?” Jacequeline demanded.  Suddenly, Brian came on the phone.  “Jacequeline, are you there?” he said.  Jacequeline asked him if something was wrong with the baby.  “Which baby?” he asked.  “What do you mean which baby?” Jacequeline asked.  Brian told her that Audrey was carrying twins.  She said she went for a check-up and the doctor thought he heard two heart beats so he sent her for an ultrasound and sure enough, baby has a sidekick.  Jacequeline asked if everyone was healthy, and he said they were.  Jacequeline told him she was happy for them both.  Brian told her that when Audrey recovers from the shock, he will have her call.  
The next day, Jacequeline received another call from Audrey.  She sounded a little better than the day before.  Jacequeline asked her if she had recovered from the shock of finding out she was having twins.  Audrey laughed and told her it was a big surprise.  She said Brian was over the moon happy.  Audrey said the doctor told her to stay off of her feet as much as possible.  “Do you think your little body can handle carrying two?” Jacequeline asked.  “That’s what the doctor is worried about too.  He told us if we can at least make it past the 7 month, the babies have a pretty good chance.  Dottie has made it her personal mission to help me carry them to term.  She will not let me do anything.  She has insisted we move down stairs to your parent’s old apartment. So I won’t have to climb stairs.” Audrey said laughing.  Jacequeline told her that they will have to get together to discuss having a baby shower for her and the babies before she gets too far along.  “No kidding, I will need all the help I can get.  I can’t believe I am going to have two at the same time.” Audrey said in disbelief. 
A few weeks later, Jacequeline drove to Philadelphia for Audrey's baby shower. Belinda was spending the weekend with one of her friends.  A baby shower was not her idea of fun.  Belinda never seemed to have any interest in babies.  Some of her friends had infant siblings, but unlike most ten year old girls, she had no interest in them.  She never asked for dolls when she was younger, she was much happier playing dress up, or with toy cars. 
Jacequeline pulled into the schoolhouse apartment parking lot. It was late Friday evening, and the shower was scheduled for Saturday afternoon.  She entered the back entrance like she always did.  She made her way down the hall to Dottie and Raymond's apartment and knocked on the door.  Raymond answered.  He told Jacequeline that Dottie was next door at Audrey's helping her with favors for the baby shower.  He offered to get Jacequeline's bag out of the car and take it up to the apartment he had set aside for her.  "The efficiency on the second floor that you stayed in the first time you came to visit is open again.  I set you up in there." He told her.  Jacequeline handed him her key and thanked him.  She knocked on Audrey's door, and Dottie answered.  "Where is Audrey?" Jacequeline asked.  "I am making her lie down on the couch." Dottie replied. "Your aunt is a drill sergeant." Audrey yelled from the living room.  
Dottie let Jacequeline in.  When Jacequeline got a look at her friend on the couch, she was shocked. "You are huge." Jacequeline told her.  "You try carrying two humans in a five foot frame." Audrey retorted. "How are you feeling?" Jacequeline asked her.  "Annoyed, no one will let me do anything. The only time they will let me get up is to go to the bathroom.  I think I am getting sores on my ass." Audrey told her.  Raymond knocked on the door as he let himself in.  "Here is the key to the upstairs apartment.  I have already carried your bag up." He said to Jacequeline.  "Thank you." Jacequeline told him.  She asked Dottie if there was anything she could do to help with the preparations for the party.  "We are having it in the diner. Normally it is open all day, but tomorrow we are going to close it at two.  The party is at three, so we will have to decorate it in a hurry.  I am baking a cake for the party, and the diner kitchen staff is making appetizers for the party.  So, I am putting you in charge of the games. Janice and Laura will be here later tonight and I am sure Laura will help you." Dottie told her.  Jacequeline had only ever referred to Audrey's mother as Mrs. Parker. She had almost forgotten that her first name was Janice. "Are Gloria and Brenda coming?" Jacequeline asked Audrey.  Brenda is for sure, Gloria said she will if she can work it in to her schedule." Audrey replied.    
Saturday afternoon, as soon as the last of the diner lunch customers had left they closed up the restaurant and made fast work of cleaning up and decorating for the party.  Audrey had chosen yellow ducks for her decorations.  Brenda and Jacequeline were busy hanging yellow streamers, while Mrs. Parker and Laura were covering the tables with yellow table cloths.  Dottie brought the cake she had baked into the diner.  It was a two tier white frosted cake with three little yellow rubber ducks on it.  She had placed a bigger duck in front of two smaller ones.  It looked like a mama duck with her two ducklings.  "Dottie, that is so cute." Jacequeline told her.  Mrs. Parker took out her Poloroid camera and snapped some pictures of it.  Just before the party was due to start, Brian helped Audrey into the diner.  "Wow, this place looks great. Thank all of you so much." Audrey told them.  She looked emotional.  After helping Audrey into her chair, Brian walked over to where Jacequeline was.  "She gets emotional very easy." He said to Jacequeline. "You're tough, you can handle it." Jacequeline told him. "She is the tough one.  I don’t think I could handle all that extra weight, the emotional mood swings, and the pain she has had to endure." He said, admiring his wife. Jacequeline couldn’t help but envy what they had.  It was obvious to anyone that saw them together how much they loved each other.  And Brian would be there to be a father to his children, something Evan never got to do.  
The party was a success.  Gloria made it just before Audrey started opening presents.  "I was starting to wonder if you were going to make it." Audrey told her.  "Never doubt my loyalty to my friends." Gloria replied smiling at her.  The Parkers had all pitched in together and bought the babies each a white crib, and a matching changing table.  One of the tenants from the apartment building had quilted each of the babies a blanket.  Jacequeline had gone out the night before and purchased the gift she wanted to give them.  She had hidden it in the stock room at the diner.  She slipped away and went to retrieve it. She rolled the double stroller back into the dining room.  Audrey saw her pushing it into the room.  "Oh, wow, Jackie, I love it." Audrey said to her, and she started crying.  Brian grinned at Jacequeline and mouthed, "Told you, emotional wreck." 

July 1980



The babies came July 2.  Two weeks before Audrey and Brian’s second wedding anniversary.  Belinda was away at camp when Jacequeline got the call. She rushed to Philadelphia.  Audrey was already in delivery when she got there.  Mrs. Parker and Dottie were pacing in the waiting room when Jacequeline walked into the hospital.  At Audrey’s last doctor’s appointment, a few days earlier, he had told Audrey that she was already dilated to 2, and he wanted her on bed rest to try to put off delivery for as long as possible.  When Audrey relayed the news to her mom, Mrs. Parker decided to come and stay with Audrey until the babies were born. Audrey made it almost one week before her water broke.  
Brian came out of the delivery area, grinning ear to ear.  He said they had both arrived and are doing well.  “A boy and a girl!” he said beaming with pride.  “The doctor said they were doing pretty good for being 6 weeks early.  The boy came first weighing 3.6lb and his sister came out weighing 3.2lb.” he said excitedly.  He led the ladies to the nursery, to get a peek at his babies.  He asked the nurse if Mrs. Parker could come into the nursery with him and see her grandchildren.  Dottie and Jacequeline watched from the window.  Brian and Mrs. Parker, both dressed in paper gowns, picked up the babies and showed them to Dottie and Jacequeline through the window.  They were so cute, and tiny.  Jacequeline asked a nurse at the station if Audrey was in a room yet. The nurse led her to her friend.  Audrey looked exhausted.  “Your babies are adorable.” Jacequeline told her.  
“Brian had better be happy with two, because I am getting my tubes tied.  I do not ever want to go through that again.  Now I know why you never had any more after Belinda.” Audrey said.  “The pain of child birth is not why I didn’t have anymore.” Jacequeline said sounding sad.  “Then why?” Audrey asked.  “Because I couldn’t have them with Evan. Frank doesn’t know this, but I have been on the pill since we got married.” Jacequeline confessed.  “Evan has been gone 10 years, but you still aren’t over him, are you?” Audrey asked.  Jacequeline shook her head no.  Audrey reached for Jacequeline’s hand.  “I wish you had the kind of happiness in your life that I do in mine.” Audrey said to her friend.  “I did have it.  I had the kind of love and passion you only hear about in fairy tales.  Some people go their entire lives and never find their soul mate.  I had mine and now he is gone.  You don’t get two soul mates. Don’t ever forget how lucky you are, and don’t take one minute of it for granted.” She said tears welling up in her eyes. “I am lucky. Brian is wonderful, kind, and brave. He is one of the good ones.  I can tell him anything.  I have told him all my darkest secrets. It did not change the way he felt about me at all.  He loves me unconditionally. I used to envy you so much, especially what you had with Evan.  I never thought I would be able to have a man look at me that way, and love me as deeply.  I will not ever take it for granted.” Audrey told her. “I love both of you, and I am glad you found each other.” Jacequeline said. “However, I am still getting my tubes tied.  That hurt, and I do not ever want to do that again.  And poor Brian, they let him come into the delivery room with me, and at one point I think I called him some pretty colorful names, and had such a grip on his hand, he may never be able to fire his gun again.” Audrey said laughing. “Would you like me to go drag him away from your children for a minute so you can see if he recovered?” Jacequeline asked her.  “No, let him do his daddy thing, he will be in here soon enough.” Audrey replied.  Her hospital room door opened, and Brian stuck his head inside. “Is it safe to come in?” He asked, still smiling. “Why would you ask that?” Jacequeline asked. “I have faced some dangerous criminals in my years in law enforcement, but none of them scared me like she did in delivery.” Brian said. “Oh stop it. You know I love you. I was just having a moment.” 
A few weeks after the twins were released from the hospital, Audrey and Brian had them Christened.  Audrey asked Jacequeline to be their godmother.  Brian’s brother Andrew was chosen as their godfather.  Audrey handed Aaron to Jacequeline to hold, and Andrew held Abbygail, as the minister spoke. He asked Audrey and Brian if they had chosen names for the babies.  Audrey nodded. “Abbygail Breann Gaines and Aaron Evan Gaines.” Audrey replied.  Jacequeline had not been told Aaron’s middle name before now.   She looked up at Audrey with a surprised look on her face.  “I hope that it’s alright that we named him after Evan.” she said.  Jacequeline nodded.  She looked at that sweet baby boy she was holding, and she wanted to cry. 

March 1985



One morning Jacequeline got a call from Frank.  He had forgotten his briefcase in the entry closet at the house. He told her he needed it right away. He asked her to bring it down to his office as quickly as she could.  She went to the closet and retrieved the briefcase.  It was not the one he usually carried. It was much larger, and heavier. She tried to open it, but the combination was locked.  She got ready and took it down to his office.  She parked in the front, because she no longer had a pass for the employee parking.  
Jacequeline got out of her car and carried the briefcase inside.   When she entered the lobby she waived at the security guard.  She went over to the elevator and pushed the button to go up.  When she reached the third floor she met Frank half way down the hall.  He yanked the briefcase from her hand, and told her he was expecting an important client and he did not have time to talk.  He turned and headed back to his office.
It had been a while since she had been to the office.  Frank had made it clear to her that he did not like her coming to the office without calling first. The few times she did come by, he made her feel less than welcome, so had not made it a habit to come by. She took the opportunity, since she was here, to look around the office.  There seemed to be considerably less staff than when she worked here.  The few employees remaining were mostly very young women.  In Jacequeline’s opinion they showed more cleavage than they should.  None of the ladies seemed to be working.  The girl at the reception desk was reading a romance novel and blowing bubbles with her chewing gum. One blonde had a television in her office and was watching soap operas with her feet up on the desk.  No wonder this place was struggling, all he has is lazy bimbo’s working, Jacequeline thought.  She boarded the elevator and pressed the down button.  She pressed the two and the one button.  She had no intention of getting off at the second floor, she just wanted to peek at the bullpen and see it was in as sad of shape as the upper floor. 
When the elevator door opened, she saw about a dozen people milling around.  Most were young women, dressed in not nearly enough clothing. The only person she recognized was Catherine, the woman that ran the human resources office when she was there.  Catherine was never very friendly towards her. Jacequeline waived at her, Catherine just looked at her with a sour look on her face.  The elevator door closed again, and continued its decent to the ground floor.
As she was leaving the building a motorcycle pulled up to the curb near her car.  She walked past it without paying much attention.  Somebody behind her called out her name.  She turned and it was the biker on the motorcycle.  His hair was long, and he had a bushy mustache and beard.  He wore old jeans and a black leather vest.  She just stood there looking at him, a little intimidated.  “Jacequeline Hollinger, right?” he asked.  She nodded, still a little scared.  “It’s me, Bobby, your brother’s friend.” he said.  “Oh my God, Bobby, you have changed a lot.” she said.  He asked if she wanted to grab a coffee and catch up. She told him that would be great. “I have a meeting in here that will not last long, how about we meet at the diner around the corner in about 30 minutes.  Oh, and I don’t know what kind of business you have in this building, but you might want to think about taking your business someplace else.  The guy that runs this business is a bad dude.” He told her.
She did not tell Bobby that the bad dude was her husband.  She was more curious as to what business he had with Frank, and why Bobby thought he was so bad.  She drove around the corner to the café and went inside.  The whole time she was waiting, she could not help but wonder why Bobby and Frank were meeting, and why a biker thought Frank was so bad.  It was a small restaurant and in the middle of the day it was fairly empty.  The waitress came over and asked her if she wanted something.  Jacequeline told her that she was waiting for somebody, just to bring her a coffee for now.  
Bobby pulled up a few minutes later and came in to join her.  Under all that hair, she could still see the kind eyes that she remembered.  He asked how she had been, and she told him she was married and had a daughter.  She asked him how things had been for him.  He did not really want to talk much about himself.  She was able to get from him that things did not go so well for him after he came home from the service.  He said that a lot of people treated the returning soldiers badly.  He said war protesters would shout profanities him and some of the other soldiers. He said they would call them baby killers, and spit on them.  He said he felt like an outcast.  He told her that a chance encounter with an old army buddy led him to the motorcycle club, and he had been riding with them ever since.  
She looked at his vest.  He had several patches, including one in the shape of a diamond over his heart. “What does 1% mean?” she asked.  He looked down at his patch, and told her it was a way to differentiate between different types of motorcycle clubs.  That was a vague answer, but she gathered he did not want to divulge any more information.  “Bobby, are you in any trouble?” she asked, genuinely concerned.  He laughed and told her no, but that he appreciated her concern.  “What business did you have with Mr. Big?” he asked.  “Mr. Big?” she asked.  “That is what is on the front of his building, B-I-G.” Bobby repeated. Jacequeline remembered the Barnes Investment Group initials were on top of the building.   “I’m more concerned with why I should stay away from there.  What kind of business are you and he involved in?” she countered.   “I promised your brother that I would look out for you, please take my word for it, he is very bad. You need to do business someplace else.” Bobby stated firmly.  And with that, he changed the subject.  
He asked about her parents, and Jacequeline told him that Caroline was basically still the same. She told him about Albert’s wreck several years ago, and after several months in a coma, he caught an infection and she had to let him go.  It had been several years, but she still has tears well up in her eyes talking about her dad.  Bobby told her that her dad was a good man, and the next time he went to visit Thomas’s grave he would be sure to place flowers on Alfred’s as well.  “Thank you.” she said.  He told her it was time for him to hit the road, he needed to head back to Philadelphia.  “Next time you are up that way, give me a call.” Bobby said.  He wrote his number on a napkin and gave it to her.  He paid for their bill, and they walked out together.  She hugged him, and asked him to be careful. “I care a lot about you, and I just don’t think I can handle loosing somebody else that matters to me.” She told him. Bobby smiled. “You remind me of your brother.  Don’t worry about me. I am fine, and I will be careful.” He said.  But she did worry.  He was the last link she had to her brother, and she feared that the changes in him went deeper than his appearance. 

September 1985



It was late September, The fall was a busy time for charity fundraising. She had spent the evening hosting an event for a charity that she served on the board for. She arrived home in the late evening, and as usual Frank was not home.  She called out for Belinda.  No one answered.  Jacequeline wandered into Belinda’s room, and she was not there.  Her dresser drawers were pulled half out.  And some of her clothes were gone.  Jacequeline shook her head.  She figured Belinda had gone to stay the night at a friend’s house, and would call later to let her know.  She went into the kitchen to see if she had left a note, but none were to be found.  "How many times have I told her not to go out without letting me know, or leaving me a note." Jacequeline said aloud to no one.
Belinda had become very difficult lately.  She had become sullen, withdrawn, and disrespectful.  She seemed to constantly be at odds with Jacequeline and Frank. Jacequeline feared Frank would lash out at Belinda if she pushed him and made him very angry.  Jacequeline tried to play peacekeeper between the two, but that only seemed to make Belinda act out more.  Frank had become more intense lately, and Jacequeline feared he would lash out at Belinda.  She was constantly getting on to Belinda, not to make Frank mad. She talked to Audrey about it on the phone a few weeks earlier. She told her it was normal for teenagers to act out. "Do I even need to remind you of my rebellious teen age years?" Audrey asked. "No, but I certainly hope that she is not struggling with the same problems." Jacequeline replied.
Jacequeline had been counting down the days until Belinda turned 18, so that she could file for divorce from Frank.  The way she saw it, even if he tried to kill her, it would be better than staying married to him. Belinda would be grown and off to college. Frank could not threaten to take her away.  As the evening wore on, and she did not hear from Belinda, she began calling around to some of her friends and none of them knew where she was.  She thought about what Audrey had said, reminding her of her own teenage rebellious years.  Surely I would know if my child was on drugs. Jacequeline said to herself.  "You didn't realize Audrey was, until it was nearly too late," replied another voice inside her head. Jacequeline went back into Belinda’s room in a panic, searching for any sign of drugs.  She looked closer in Belinda's closet.  Some of her clothes were gone from there as well.  Panic started to rise up in Jacequeline.  She realized a lot of Jacequeline’s clothes were missing.  She looked down in the floor to see how many pairs of shoes were missing. She spotted the old lock box in the corner of the closet. The lid was open and the contents were gone.  
Jacequeline went into her bedroom, and discovered the wall safe was open.   Frank kept cash in the safe, and it was empty.  She went to the phone and called Frank at the office.  He came to the phone, and she told him that Belinda was missing.  He did not seem very concerned.  She knew he would be furious when he discovered the cash was missing, but she couldn't worry with that right now.  “What if she has been kidnapped?” she asked, with panic in her voice.  “Then they will regret it, having to listen to her whining and sassy mouth, and likely return her by morning.” He said.  He hung up the phone on her without saying anything else. She picked the phone receiver back up and called the police.  She told them that she feared her fifteen year old daughter might have run away.  They told her that they would send an officer by later to take a report.  She gave them her address and phone number.  When she hung up with them, she had the feeling they were even less concerned than Frank was. 
Jacequeline paced the floors, not really sure what to do.  She went back to Belinda’s room, searching for notes from friends, or something that would give her some kind of clue as to where she went.  Between Belinda’s mattresses, she found Belinda’s diary.  She sat down on the edge of Belinda’s bed and turned to the last few pages.  She had been hoping to find out about a secret boyfriend, or some friend’s names that she did not know.  Nothing could have prepared her for what she read.  Anger welled up inside her.  The evil bastard she was married to had been hurting her daughter.  She was going to kill him.  A voice inside her head, the reasonable one, she liked to think it was Evan’s voice, said you can’t kill him.  You will end up in prison, and Belinda needs you.  Anger was quickly replaced by guilt.  If she had never rushed into marrying Frank, then none of this would have happened to Belinda.    If I had stood up to Elaine, if I had not recruited Frank to help me deceive her, then none of this would have happened, she told herself.  Elaine. It all started with Elaine, it will have to end with Elaine. 
She went back into her bedroom and called the Robert’s residence.  She told the housekeeper to get Elaine, that it was urgent.  Elaine came to the phone.  “Hello.” she said.  “Listen, this is a matter of life or death.  My daughter, Evan’s daughter, has been hurt, and she is missing. I need your help.” Jacequeline told her.  “You said the child was not Evan’s.” Elaine said.  “No, actually, you said that child was not Evan’s, right before you threatened to take her away from me.  After you threatened me, I didn’t correct you, so that you would leave us alone.” Jacequeline said.  “And the sorry bastard I married, to keep her away from you, has been hurting my child, and I need your help.” Jacequeline said frantically.  “Did you call the police?” Elaine asked.  “Yes, but they haven’t arrived yet.” Jacequeline said.  “Call them back. Tell them you may have a lead as to where she is.  Tell them if you still need their assistance later, you will call again.   Do you still have Evan’s old house?” Elaine asked.  Jacequeline told her that she did.  “Make the call to the police. Then meet me at the old house in an hour.” Elaine told her. When Elaine hung up the phone, she sat there and stared at it.  If this was true, and this child was Evan’s, she was responsible for keeping him from his child for twelve years.  She could not tell him until she was certain.  And if she did, she hoped he would be able to forgive her.   
Jacequeline did what Elaine told her to do.  After calling the police and telling them that she did not need their help at this time.  She sat down and read some more of the diary.  She got angry all over again.  She was going to have to destroy this man.  His behavior in the last few months had been worse than ever.  He had not hit her in a long time, but he would scream at her, he was insulting, cruel, and paranoid.  Half the time things he was saying would not even make any sense.  It was like he was talking in riddles.  He would stay out late, and sometimes wouldn't come home at all.  She had assumed he was once again having an affair.  When he was home, he would stay up late, and a few times she was certain he had not slept at all.  Apparently his bizarre behavior was hiding his filthy secret. My poor baby, why didn't she come to me? Jacequeline asked herself.  
Jacequeline called Brian and Audrey’s house.  She asked Audrey if they had seen or heard from Belinda.  Audrey told her that they had not.  She asked what was wrong.  Jacequeline asked her if Brian was there.  Audrey told her that he was asleep, he had been working nights investigating a motorcycle gang, and their involvement in drug trafficking.  Jacequeline remembered running into Bobby in front of Frank’s building, and his warning to her about Frank.  It all clicked.  Frank was somehow involved with drugs.  He was showing the same weird behavior that Audrey had before Jacequeline found her nearly dead.   Jacequeline became very upset, and started talking real fast.  “Slow down, start over.” Audrey said to her.  Jacequeline told her everything that she had read, and that Belinda was missing. “I need you and Brian’s help.  Can you meet me at my old house?” Jacequeline pleaded.  Audrey told her they would be there as soon as they could.  Jacequeline put the diary into her purse, and headed out the door.  

She drove to the old house.  She got there just before Elaine.  When Elaine arrived, they both sat down at the dining room table.  “So, after all this time, you are now going to tell me that the child is Evan’s.  How can you be sure?” Elaine asked.  “Because, while Evan was alive, he was the only man I had ever slept with. That made Elaine squirm uncomfortably.  The man that was staying here with me, his name was Cliff.  He now lives in San Francisco, with his boyfriend.  Evan knew about him, and that he was gay. He had no problem with our friendship.  The day that Evan died, I went into labor at work. The news of Evan’s death, was so upsetting, it put me into premature labor.  Frank was my boss at the time.  He was there when the Navy informed me Evan had died.  He drove me to the hospital, when I went into labor.  He was the one that told them, to let you know your grandchild was on her way.  When we arrived at the hospital, everything was happening so fast. The staff wrongly assumed that Frank was my husband, because he had brought me in.   They had mistakenly admitted me as Jacequeline Barnes, and I didn’t learn of the error until after Belinda was born. I immediately had them fix it.” Jacequeline told her.  “Why didn’t you ever tell me or Evan you were pregnant?” Elaine asked.  “Because I did not find out until he was already deployed, and I didn’t want his life to be at risk because he was distracted.  The baby was not due until after he was supposed to return, so I thought it would be a nice surprise.  And I didn’t tell you, because I had not told him yet.” Jacequeline told her.  “Why didn’t you just tell me all this when I confronted you?” Elaine asked.  “Because you told me I was not fit to raise a Roberts.” Jacequeline told her.  “I was alone. Evan was dead. You have all the Roberts power and money.  I knew if you wanted my child, I would lose her to you, so I let you believe she was not Evan’s.  That day you confronted me at the country club.  I had just told Frank.  That entire show was for your benefit.  I was not involved with him.  I loved Evan.  I married Frank, months later, to keep you from finding out that Belinda was Evan’s child.  I never loved Frank, and I think he knew it.  I would come to this house all the time, and just sit here, and cry and think about how much I missed Evan.   I have made a terrible mistake.  If I had just been honest with you, then Belinda would not have ever been in the position for that monster to hurt her.” Jacequeline concluded. Tears had begun to fall down her cheeks. Elaine sat there, with all of it sinking in.  She put this entire thing in motion, when she jumped to conclusions about Jacequeline.  She let grief cloud her composure, and good judgment, and now her only grandchild has been hurt.  Evan has missed out on the opportunity to raise his only child because of her.  “Mistakes have been made on both sides.  We can’t dwell on the past.  We need to find a solution.” she told Jacequeline.  
Elaine realized that if she told Evan right now, he would probably fly back immediately. He would probably confront Frank Barnes, and likely try to kill him with his bare hands.  Then he would end up spending the rest of his life in prison over it.  Elaine could not let Evan suffer anymore over her mistakes.  She would have to deal with Barnes first, then set things right with Evan and Jacequeline.   “We need to deal with Frank.  Then, we need to find the child.  But when this is all over, we need to have an important talk.” Elaine told her.  
Their conversation was interrupted by a knock at the front door.  “Are you expecting someone?” Elaine asked.  Jacequeline told her she had some friends that were coming to help.  She let Brian and Audrey inside.  They were both surprised to see Elaine at the dining room table.  They both sit down.  Jacequeline asked Elaine if she remembered her friend Audrey. "She was here the first time I met you, and I told you off." Jacequeline said.  “Of course,” Elaine said, and nodded at her.  “And Brian, he was our driver when we were in Beverly Hills. He is now a Federal Drug Enforcement Officer.” she said.  Elaine had not recognized Brian initially, but she did now.  Brian on the other hand immediately recognized Elaine.  He had never forgotten her detour to Los Angeles, when he drove her home from the hospital.  Jacequeline asked who was watching the twins, and Audrey told her that Dottie gladly agreed to babysit.  
Jacequeline filled them both in on what she learned reading Belinda’s diary.  She handed it over to Audrey.  Audrey had tears in her eyes as she thumbed through it.   Audrey asked if we could have him arrested, for what he did to Belinda.  Brian told her that if Belinda was here to file a complaint, and to testify, that they could.  Jacequeline told them that she feared Frank had gotten involved with dangerous people, and was involved in some very shady business. "He is powerful, and dangerous. I am afraid if he knows we are after him for what he did to Belinda, it might put her in danger." Jacequeline said, her voice trembling.  "The child is a Roberts, she is likely resourceful. She is probably better off far away from here, until we can deal with Barnes." Elaine added. Brian cut his eyes over to Elaine.  “I think I will handle dealing with Frank.” he told her sternly.  “Are you sure you can do an efficient job?” she asked him coyly.  “I am quite sure.” He replied.  “Well, let me know if you need my help.” she told him.  “I assure you.  I won’t need your ‘help’ dealing with Frank Barnes.” he told Elaine.  “Fine, I’ll leave you to deal with it your way for now. But if you fail, I will intervene, and you will need to stay out of my way." Elaine replied. She was looking Brian straight in the eye, with a very serious look on her face, but she never raised her voice. It was kind of frightening.  Jacequeline watched the exchange between Elaine and Brian.  “Is there something going on with the two of you? Would like to share with the rest of us?” she asked.  “Not at all dear, if Brian is going to deal with Barnes, what would you like me to do?” she asked, her voice suddenly shifting, and becoming lighter.  “Find my daughter, and keep her safe until this is over.” Jacequeline told her.  Jacequeline found a recent picture of Belinda.  “Frank legally adopted her, so her last name is Barnes now.” Jacequeline said, feeling ashamed.  “We will have to remedy that, as soon as she is home.” Elaine told her.  Jacequeline nodded. 
Elaine looked at the picture of her granddaughter.  She still did not have a strong resemblance to Evan.  But now that she is older, Elaine could see that she had his eyes.  Jacequeline must have been reading her mind as Elaine studied the picture.  Jacequeline dug an old picture of Caroline, out of her purse.  “Belinda has always looked like my mother.” Jacequeline said to her.  She held up the picture of Caroline for Elaine to see.  Elaine looked at both pictures.   “She has Evan’s eyes though.” Elaine said softly, still looking at the picture of Belinda. She realized she was getting emotional and stood.  “I am going to go. I need to get started tracking her down.  I will be in touch.” She said.  Jacequeline stood and walked Elaine to the door.  Jacequeline hugged her.  “Thank you for helping me.” She told her.  “Don’t thank me yet.” Elaine said, and walked out the door.  
Jacequeline returned to the dining room.  “I have been thinking of a way we might be able to bring down Frank.  We will need the help of another friend of mine.  But Brian, it may require you to turn a blind eye to some of his activities.  I can’t ask him to help me if it costs him his freedom.” She told him.  “What kind of friends do you have?” Brian asked.  “He is a biker from Philadelphia.” Jacequeline said.  Brian’s eyes nearly bugged out.  “When did you start running with biker’s?” he asked.  “I knew him before he was a biker. I recently ran into him going into Frank’s building.” She told him.  “Ok, bring him in.” he said.   She dug the folded napkin out of her purse. She walked into the living room, picked up the phone, and dialed his number.  Bobby answered on the 4th ring.  “Bobby, this is Jacequeline.  I need your help.  It is urgent.” She said.  He asked her where she was. She gave him the address to her old house.  She went back to the dining room, and sat with her friends while they waited for Bobby to arrive.
When Jacequeline heard a knock at the front door, she went and let Bobby in.  “You sounded upset on the phone, is something wrong?” he asked.  “Everything is wrong, and my child is in danger.” she replied.  She brought him into the kitchen.  “This is my best friend Audrey, and her husband Brian.” She told him.  “Guys, this is Bobby. He served with my brother in Vietnam.” she told them.  Brian and Bobby shook hands and everybody sat down at the table.  “Bobby, there is something I didn’t tell you the last time we saw each other.  Frank Barnes is my husband.” Jacequeline said. She filled Bobby in on the entire story, why she married Frank, and why she stayed married.  She told Bobby about Belinda’s disappearance, and her diary.  Bobby was furious. His face was red, his nostrils were flaring. “Do you want me to take care of it?” he asked. “Bobby, before you say anything else, I need you to know that Brian works for the DEA.” Bobby looked across the table at Brian.  “Trust me, I felt the same way.” Brian said to him.  “What are we thinking here?” Bobby asked.  
Jacequeline told them that Elaine discouraged her from getting the cops involved.  “I called her first, told her what was going on, and that I had just phoned the police.  She told me to call them back and cancel, to tell them that I think I might know where she is.  Then she told me to meet her here.  I called Brian and Audrey before I left my house.” Jacequeline said. Audrey asked why Elaine did not want the cops involved.  “She didn’t really say.  But later she said that if Belinda was here while we deal with Frank, it might put her in danger.” Jacequeline replied.  Brian shook his head.  He had a pretty good idea why Elaine did not want the cops involved.  She wanted to handle Frank Barnes her way, and because he was involved, she couldn’t.  He would never be able to prove it, but he was pretty sure she handled the Carpenter’s in California, after what they did to Jacequeline.  They were bad people and they deserved to be punished, but that was for the justice system to handle, not Elaine Roberts.  
Bobby asked what they had in mind.  Jacequeline told him that they needed to find a way to get Frank locked up, but she preferred it didn’t have anything to do with Belinda.  She had suffered enough at his hands.  “We need some dirt on Frank. Can you help me with that?” Jacequeline asked him.  Bobby looked from her to Brian, and back to her.  “Bobby, I have already told Brian that anything that is said in this room is off the record.  I would not ask you to say or do anything that would get you into trouble.  Brian has given me his word that you will not face any trouble.” She told him.  “You do realize that in my circles, talking to cops usually is a fast way to an early grave.” He said.  “I promise you that nothing you say leaves this room, we just have to know where to start.” Jacequeline told him.  Bobby sat there for a minute thinking about Thomas.  Jacequeline resembled Thomas.  Thomas had saved his life, and in his dying breaths he asked Bobby to take care of Jacequeline.  He had made a promise a long time ago, and it was time to repay that debt.  “If I am in, I’m in all the way.” he told her.  “I will make sure you don’t get caught up.” Brian told him.  
“I do have to tell you something,” Bobby said to Jacequeline.  “When Tommy died, I went through a very rough time.  For a long time I carried guilt for his death.  He had family to live for, and if he had not thrown himself in front of me, he would have been here with his family.  I did not have anybody to come home to, and I carried a lot of guilt because he was gone and I was here.  When I joined the gang, I don’t know why, but I told them my name was Tommy Hollinger.  Your brother was the most fearless man that I have ever known, and I wanted to be like that, and memorialize him in some way.  And maybe part of me knew that someday I might have to skip out, and it would be better if they never knew my real name.  I hope you are not mad.” Bobby told her.  Jacequeline was surprised.  She really did not know what to think.  Her brother had been gone for a long time.  It was obvious that Bobby had a harder time coming to terms with his death.  “It’s probably better this way, when you have to leave, if they don’t know your name, it will make it easier to relocate.” She told him.  
Bobby told them what he knew about Frank’s connection with the gang.  He started out just laundering their money, but over time he became a main connection for large quantities of drugs.  He supplied heroin and methamphetamine to the gang, and they trickled it down to the dealers.  He gave Brian all the details about how they do dealings with Frank.  He said when he first started riding with the gang, the worst thing they ran was guns, but new leadership thought they should branch out.  “Why don’t you just quit?” Jacequeline asked.  “You can’t just quit the gang, the only way you leave is to die or disappear.” He said.  “When this is all over, I can probably help you with disappearing.” Brian told him.  “When this is over, one or the other will have to happen.” Bobby told him.
Bobby told him to figure out a plan, and he would be back in two days.  After Bobby left, Brian was pacing the floor, trying to work out a plan.  “If we want him to do some major time, we will have to bust him on more than just possession.  I have to get him with trafficking, which means I have to tie him to it crossing the state lines.” Brian said.  “I wish I had somebody inside his firm. It would probably be helpful if we could nose through his financials. But I could never get a warrant without probable cause.” Brian was saying aloud to no one in particular.  “I need time to think this out.  I think we should all meet back here in two days.” He finally said.  Then he turned to Jacequeline.  “This is going to be very difficult, but you absolutely can’t let him know you are on to him about anything. Including what he did to Belinda.  You will have to go home and pretend nothing is wrong.” He told her.  “What do I say when he asks where she is? I called him before I found the diary, he knows she ran off.” Jacequeline said.  “Tell him she called, that she said she met a boy, and she took off with him.” Audrey suggested.  Brian said that would work.  
When Elaine got home, she had Randolph summon the private investigator that Henry had used a few times.  Charles Bridges arrived at the Roberts Estate late that evening.  She showed him a picture of Belinda.  “This is Belinda Barnes.” She almost couldn’t say Barnes. It left a very bad taste in her mouth.  “She is fifteen, and she has run away. I need her found, for her parents. They are extremely worried.” She said.  Charles asked a few more questions.  The only one Elaine knew the answer to was the location of where Belinda was born. Elaine was wracked with guilt.  This girl is her only grandchild, and she did not know anything about her. "Spare no expense. I want her found as soon as possible." Elaine stated. Charles asked what her connection to the child was.  She couldn't risk the media finding out that her grandchild was missing, and Evan reading about it before she could tell him. "She is the child of an associate of mine. I am helping them as a courtesy." Elaine responded. 
After Brian and Audrey left, Jacequeline found a picture of Evan.  “Watch over our baby. Keep her safe.  I promise you, I will make that bastard pay for what he did to her. And I will spend the rest of my life making it up to our daughter.” Jacequeline said to the picture.  She sat there alone looking at the picture of Evan.  She turned the stereo on and played their song.  She missed him so much.  Fifteen years had done nothing to dull the pain, or make her love him any less.  She was overcome with guilt for the stupid choices she had made out of fear.  “God, please give me another chance to make this right.” She said aloud.
Jacequeline went home.  Frank was there sitting in the den with a drink when she walked in. He asked why she was out so late, she told him she had gotten a call from Belinda and that she had run off to get married.  She told him she had tried to find her to stop her.  “Well she robbed my safe. Good riddance to her.” He said.  “I am going to take a shower.” she said, and she walked away.  It was all she could do not to stab him to death in his sleep.  She had to keep reminding herself that she would rather he live and suffer.  
When he left for work the next day, she went straight to the old house.  She called to check in with Brian and Audrey.  They told her that they will be back the next day, and probably bring a suitcase and stay at the old house until this was all over. "Brian said he would feel better staying close to you until this whole thing is over, in case you need us." Audrey said. Jacequeline told them they were welcome to stay in her old house.  Knowing they would be just a half hour drive away from her during this ordeal brought some measure of comfort. She was going out of her mind with worry. She was overcome with guilt. And she did not even know how to measure the rage she felt towards Frank. 
She hung up with Audrey and she called Cliff.  She filled him in on everything that had happened.  He was furious.  Cliff did not have any children of his own.  And he figured with his lifestyle, he would not ever have any children.  The time he spent with Belinda when she was a baby, was the closest he would ever come to feeling like a parent.  And just like a parent, he wanted to kill the man that hurt his baby girl.  Cliff said he would be flying out as soon as he could book a flight.  “You don’t have to do that, we are working on a plan to deal with Frank.” Jacequeline said.  “Well count me in, I am coming!” He told her firmly.  He told her he would call about a flight and he would let her know.  He called back a half hour later.  He said the first flight he could get would be to Philadelphia in the morning.  She told him that her friend Audrey could probably pick him up at the airport.  She hung up and called Audrey. She said she would be glad to pick him up.  She called Cliff back and told him that Audrey was going to pick him up and he could ride to the old house with her. 

October 1985



The next day, she got up early. As soon as Frank left for work, she drove to the old house again.  Elaine arrived shortly after she did. She told Jacequeline that she had hired an investigator to look for Belinda, but he has had no leads yet.  Bobby was the next to arrive, Jacequeline heard his motorcycle pulling up, and opened the garage door so he could pull inside.  
The expression on Elaine’s face when he walked into the kitchen was priceless.  Bobby was dressed in his usual leather vest, with a bandana tied over his long hair.  His long beard and mustache ratted from the wind.  Elaine looked at him with a mixture of shock and curiosity.  He extended his hand to introduce himself to Elaine.  “Sir, you have a bug in your facial hair.” She said to him, as she took his hand.  Bobby reached up and brushed off his beard.  “Hazards of riding without a helmet and face shield.” He told her.  It was all Jacequeline could do not to laugh.  As different as Elaine and Bobby are, when the two of them got to talking about what they would like to do to Frank, they seemed to have a lot more in common than Jacequeline would have thought.  
Brian, Audrey and Cliff arrived about half an hour later.  “Your friend has gotten his old job back at the firm.” Brian told Jacequeline.  “What?” Jacequeline asked.  “I called Catherine in human resources this morning. I told her that me and my significant other had parted ways, and I had moved back home. I asked her if I could have my old job back.  She ran it past Frank, and he said ok.” Cliff told her.  Jacequeline asked Brian if he thought it was a good idea.  “He did not give me much choice.  He said he was going to do it regardless.  But it does give us eyes on the inside. If he gets the same job, he will have access to all the financials, and that could be helpful.” Brian said.  Audrey told her that she had made a call to Brenda and Gloria, and they want to help too. "They said to give them a call if we need them, and they will be right here." Audrey said.  “I know one thing that Gloria can help me with, a divorce.” Jacequeline told her.  
Brian laid out the plan he had devised.  Jacequeline’s role was pretty simple, pretend nothing was wrong.  Brian told Cliff he could use Audrey’s old car to drive back and forth to work.  “He could use the Mustang. It’s still in the garage here.” Jacequeline said.  “Frank would probably recognize it as yours.  We don’t want Frank to be suspicious of you two rekindling your friendship.” Brian said.  “Don’t make any calls to any of us, or to this house, from your home in Jersey.” He told her.  Brian told Bobby to continue to do business as usual with Frank, and keep them in the loop.  Cliff's job was to find out as much as he could about the firm, and Frank's financials.   Cliff was also going to stay at the old house.  Jacequeline hated driving back to New Jersey.  She wanted to stay at the old house with the rest of them.  
The next week was stressful.  Elaine’s PI still had no leads on Belinda.  Cliff said Frank had gotten careless with his work ethic.  He said the firm was a mess.  The accounting was in disarray, and he was not sure where some of the money was coming from, or where it was going.  Cliff and Audrey did come up with a plan for getting Jacequeline divorced, and it required Brenda and Gloria’s help.  
At the firm a couple of days later, Frank was in his office, when Cliff came in with a stack of papers.  “Mr. Barnes, I have some papers for you to sign.  Also, there is a magazine reporter here, wanting to visit with you." Cliff told him. He was standing next to Frank’s desk. He handed him the stack of papers.  Frank started reading the first one and signed it.  He was on the second set, when Brenda walked in.  She was wearing a skin tight black dress.  It was low cut in the front, and very short.  She had on a very tall pair of high heels.  “Mr. Barnes, this is Brenda. She works for the magazine in New York.” Cliff said.  The pen fell out of Frank’s hand.  “If you will just finish signing these, I will get out of your way.” Cliff said.  “Do continue with your business.  I wouldn't want to interrupt important business.” Brenda said, in a low seductive voice.  Cliff folded up the ends of the back few papers, to show Frank where to sign.  Cliff had managed to conceal the last few sheets, with exception of the signature line.  When Frank looked down to get a better look of the pages, Brenda leaned over the desk. “When you get done with that important business, do you think you would have the time to let me interview you for an article that I am writing?” She said, with a big wide smile.  Cliff told Frank that Brenda’s magazine was looking for high profile, successful people to do include in their monthly magazine. She had inquired if he would agree to an interview.  Frank rushed through signing the rest of the forms without even looking at them.  He asked Cliff if that was all.  Cliff nodded.  Frank asked Brenda if she would rather conduct the interview over lunch.  "Where ever you would feel most comfortable." Brenda purred. Frank quickly got up from his desk and told Cliff he would be back later.  Frank led Brenda from the office.  
Cliff picked up the phone and called Audrey.  “It’s done. Meet me at the coffee shop around the corner in half an hour.” He said.  Cliff ducked out of the office, and met up with Audrey and handed her the papers.  He returned to the office before anybody missed him.  Audrey carried the papers back to the old house.  Gloria, Jacequeline, Elaine, and Brian were all there when she returned.  Audrey handed the paperwork to Jacequeline, and told her to sign it.  Gloria told her that since she had maintained a home in East Stroudsburg, they would be able to file the divorce papers in Pennsylvania. "Hopefully, Frank will not find out about it until it was too late." Gloria finished.  Elaine said she would go with Gloria to the court house and make sure that it was kept confidential. "She is a little intimidating isn't she?" Gloria whispered to Jacequeline. "Definitely someone you want to be on your side, and not against you." Jacequeline replied.  
Gloria left with Elaine to go down to the court house.  When they returned an hour later, they handed her a final divorce decree signed by a judge.  “The judge was a friend of Henry’s. He asked the court clerk to seal the proceedings, so it will not make it into the newspapers." Elaine announced.  “I’m free?” Jacequeline asked.  Gloria handed her the final decree.  Jacequeline sat down and read it again.  She especially liked the part where she would be going back to the Roberts name.  She hugged Gloria, and then she hugged Elaine.  “Thank you both.” Jacequeline said.  “Frank does not know you are divorced, and we do not want him to know yet.” Audrey reminded her.  “I know, it just feels good not to have that monster for a husband anymore.” Jacequeline told her.
That evening when Cliff came in, he said he took advantage of Brenda’s distraction to search Frank’s office.  "I found another set of accounting ledgers.  I made copies of everything I found." Cliff told them.  Jacequeline sat at the dining table with him, and helped him sort through the paperwork.  They definitely had him for money laundering. Brian asked if he had done as they had discussed and made another copy to hide at the office.  Cliff nodded.  Jacequeline asked why he wanted another copy hidden at the office.  "Let's say the original plan doesn't pan out, and we need Cliff to be a whistle blower. His copies would be enough to get a warrant. But copies alone might not be enough for a conviction in court. It would be better if we could find the original ledger at the office.  If Frank gets suspicious and destroys the originals, there would be another set hidden there that he is unaware of." Brian stated. Jacequeline nodded. They had enough evidence to get him for money laundering, but a conviction for that would not carry enough punishment to keep him away from her or Belinda for long.  She hoped the rest of their plan worked out.
Jacequeline and Bobby compared notes about Frank’s schedule.  The day that Bobby generally meets with Frank, Frank would usually get home late the night before.  Bobby told them that Frank had set up a meeting with him for this Thursday.  He told them that Frank usually brings the drugs to Philadelphia to hand them off.  “Then why were you at the firm the day I ran into you?” Jacequeline asked Bobby.  “Frank called and said he was going to have to reschedule our meet.  My boss does not like reschedules, and he sent me to make sure Frank knew that.” Bobby replied.  Brian decided that they had enough that he needed to bring his agency into the investigation.  He called his supervisor and requested to take the lead on an investigation that had landed in his lap.  He explained that he would probably need some leeway with the investigation.  His supervisor told him he had full carte blanche.  He arranged for some agents to come to New Jersey to assist with surveillance.  He made a few more phone calls to orchestrate his plan with the other agents.
Wednesday morning three agents arrived at the East Stroudsburg house.  He introduced Jeff, Andrew, and Kyle to the group.  Jacequeline had seen them pull up in their dark black sedan.  All three of them were dressed in dark black suits.  In Jacequeline’s opinion, they looked very conspicuous.  She asked Brian if they were going to do surveillance dressed like that, because she was pretty sure they would be spotted.  Brian laughed. He said that he would make sure they changed in to less conspicuous clothing before they go out.  He took the three into one of the guest rooms to discuss the plan.
That evening, Brian and other agents split up into two cars and were staking out the firm.  When Frank left the parking garage, Brian and his partner followed.   Brian and Andrew were riding in Brian’s car.   Brian coordinated by car phone with Jeff and Kyle.  Every few miles he would fall back and let the other car move up closer.  Frank headed southeast towards the Jersey coast.  Brian used his car phone to call his partner back in Philadelphia and give him an update.  The partner said he would have another agent sitting on Frank’s house when he got back.  Brian instructed Andrew to stay back as far as they could without losing Frank.   When they pulled into the shipping port Brian phoned the other agents car and told them to stand down, find a place to park out of sight and wait for further instruction.  
Andrew parked and killed their car lights.  Brian got out of the car, and moved closer to where Frank’s car was.  He hit behind shipping containers and shot video of Frank meeting up with three other guys.  They handed him a big silver briefcase.  He set it on top of his trunk, and opened the case.  Brian got a perfect view of the contents of the case.  Luckily it was not dark yet, and his video was clear.  Frank handed an envelope of money to one of the men. The guy opened it and counted it without pulling it completely out of the envelope. They all shook hands. Frank loaded the case into the trunk of his car.  Brian snuck back to his car and phoned the other agents.  He instructed them to follow Frank from the shipyard.  He called the house in East Stroudsburg, and told Jacequeline he got the money shot on video, and she needed to get back to Frank’s house.  The agents followed Frank until they saw him turn into his drive way.  Another set of agents were already in place to stake out the car and Frank, for the rest of the night.   Brian drove back to the old house and updated the rest of the crew.  He asked Bobby if he was ready for what was coming next.  “We have to do, what we have to do.” Bobby replied.
The next morning Frank got up early and drove to Philadelphia.  Bobby was waiting to meet Frank at their usual spot, an abandoned warehouse in the old warehouse district.  Agents were stationed all over the area.  Frank pulled into the warehouse like he always did.  Frank waived when he pulled in.  He got out of his car and walked to his trunk.  Bobby followed him.  Frank opened the trunk and pulled out a large silver briefcase.  He opened the case and showed Bobby the contents. As usual it was full of large bags of heroin and methamphetamine.  “Tommy, I brought something extra, that you might want to show your boss.  If he likes it, I can get more.” Frank told him.  Frank set the case back down in the trunk with the lid open.  He reached into the case and pulled out a small clear plastic sac, and handed it to Bobby.  “Tommy, this is crack-cocaine, it will be the next big thing.” Frank told him. Bobby was holding the clear baggy up looking at it when agents swarmed the building.  “What the fuck? Did you lead the cops here?” Bobby asked Frank. 
Frank looked stunned for a minute. He reached for the gun he always kept in his trunk.  Gun fire erupted in the warehouse and when it was over, Bobby lay bleeding on the ground.  Brian told Frank to drop the weapon.  He was outnumbered and the warehouse was surrounded.  Frank threw his gun to the ground.  Brian approached and threw Frank across his car and cuffed him.  He instructed Andrew to check the biker for a pulse.  Andrew reached down and felt Bobby’s neck, then shook his head no.  
“Frank Barnes, you are under arrest for drug trafficking, conspiracy, money laundering, and murder.” He told Frank.  “What the hell do you mean murder?  I didn’t shoot Tommy, one of you did.” Frank replied.  “We should probably let the medical examiner determine that.  Although I wonder if the brotherhood will actually wait until the autopsy results are back to exact their revenge.  Regardless of who put the bullet in that man, you brandished a firearm in the commission of a felony.  His death was a direct result of your actions. A case can easily be made to charge you with his death.  However, if you choose to plead guilty to the other charges and save the tax payers from having to pay for a lengthy trial, maybe we don’t have to charge you with the biker’s death.”  Brian told him.  
“That is blackmail!” Frank shouted.  “Hey Andrew, you have a pretty camera face.  How about you give the press conference after we get Barnes booked into the jail?  Don’t forget to mention that Barnes will be charged with the biker’s death.” Brian said aloud to him.  Andrew nodded.  Brian looked at Frank.  “Do you suppose the brotherhood is connected enough to get to their enemies in the jail?” he asked Frank.  Frank looked defeated.  “Keep me safe, and don’t charge me with Tommy’s death. I will plead guilty to the other charges.” Frank said.
The front page of the newspapers the next day told the story of the prominent businessman busted for drug trafficking, racketeering, and money laundering.  Frank plead guilty at his arraignment the next morning, and was being held without bail pending sentencing.    A small story on the second page of the paper told of the unfortunate death of veteran Thomas Hollinger.  Jacequeline sat at the dining table at the old house reading it and taking it all in. Audrey, Brenda, Gloria, Cliff, and Elaine were all at the old house with her, waiting for Brian to return.  
Audrey told Jacequeline that she had never gotten used to waiting on Brian to return from a big bust.  Even when he has called, she still can’t breathe easy until she sees him for herself, and knows he is alright.  Jacequeline hugged her friend. "It must be awful to worry about him every day, not knowing if he will return." Jacequeline said to her, the sympathy obvious in her voice. “It’s probably not any worse than waiting for your husband to come back from war.  I now know what you went through every time Evan left.” Audrey said.  The two women hugged.  
Jacequeline heard a car pull in the drive.  She ran to the door and opened it.  Brian and Bobby walked in.  Bobby was neatly shaved, and his hair was cut short.  He looked like the man that had knocked on her parent’s door many years earlier.  Jacequeline threw her arms around his neck.  “I am so glad you are ok.” She said to him.  She broke loose from Bobby, and hugged Brian, “And you.” She said.  “I can’t believe we pulled this off.  I am so grateful to all of you.” She said.  Elaine approached Bobby and handed him a thick envelope.  “A little something to get you started on your new life.” she told him.  She also told him that her plane was fueled and waiting at the airport to take him anywhere he wanted to go.  Bobby thanked her.   Brian told Jacequeline that the feds were likely going to seize any property belonging to Frank.  “That isn’t going to be much thanks to me. And after he takes his plea, I will make sure he gets a copy of his divorce decree.” Gloria said.  Cliff asked Bobby if he happened to be headed towards California so he could hitch a ride home.  “Sounds like as good a place as any to start over.” Bobby said to him.  Elaine said her driver would give them both a ride to the airport.  Jacequeline hugged them both. She told them she loved them, and appreciated all they had done for her.  Cliff hurried to the bedroom to pack his suitcase, and Randolph drove them to the airport.  
Brian told Jacequeline that he and Audrey also needed to get home and see about their kids. And he wanted to make sure everything went smoothly with Frank’s plea.  She hugged them both goodbye, and told them she would let them know when Belinda was found.  While Jacequeline was telling everybody goodbye, Elaine used the kitchen phone to make some calls.  She directed her plane to stop in San Diego to pick up a passenger after dropping Cliff and Bobby off in San Francisco.   
Elaine called Evan and told him it was urgent that he come home.  He asked what was going on.  She told him that she did not want to get into in on the phone, but it involved Jacequeline.  She did not need to say anything else.  Evan was on his feet and preparing to leave.  She told him that the plane would arrive at the airport to collect him later tonight.  She returned to the living room.  Jacequeline was saying her last goodbyes to her friends. She shut the front door after Brian and Audrey walked out.  She turned to face Elaine.  “It’s over.  The only thing left to do is find my daughter.” Jacequeline said to her.  “Tomorrow I need you to meet me at the Inn about 2 o’clock. I should have some information for you at that time.” Elaine told her.  
Randolph was waiting at the airport late that night when Evan arrived.  Evan tried to pry information out of him.  “Come on Randolph, you always know everything that goes on in this family.” Evan said to him.  Randolph told him that Mrs. Roberts had been especially secretive lately, and he was completely in the dark.  When they arrived at the Estate, Elaine was already asleep.  Evan debated about waking Elaine, but he knew it would do him no good.  Elaine sets her own time line, and trying to rush her was pointless.  When Evan awoke the next day, he searched the house for Elaine.  The housekeeper told him that she had already gone out for the day.  She left instructions for him to meet her at 1:30 at the Inn.  She also instructed him to get a haircut and be clean shaved when he arrived.   The housekeeper told him that a barber was on their way to the house to see him.  Evan shook his head.  He was starting to wonder if this was as urgent as his mother had let on.    What could be so urgent that he had to hop a late night flight to rush across the country, but could wait until he got his haircut?  Maybe his mother was becoming senile, he thought. 
Later that afternoon, Randolph dropped Evan off at the Inn.  Evan walked into the main restaurant and found his mother already seated at a table.  He approached her and leaned over and kissed her cheek.  “Mother, it is lovely to see you.  Would you please tell me what all this is about?” Evan said to her. She told him she had made a huge mistake. “I mistakenly believed Jacequeline’s child belonged to Frank Barnes.  I only recently learned the truth.  The child she had was yours, and the man she married was a monster.” Elaine stated.  Evan was stunned.  “But I saw her after father died. She was at her friend’s wedding, she had two small children with her, and she was talking to another man.” Evan said.  “I don’t know anything about that, those children must have belonged to a friend of hers. Jacequeline only has one child, and she is fifteen now.” Elaine replied.  
Elaine told him everything that had recently happened.  Evan was overcome with a mixture of emotions.  He was angry for not being here to protect his wife and child. Overcome with guilt, for the child that had grown up without him and had suffered in his absence.  He blamed himself for not coming home and claiming them.  Elaine told him that if anyone was to blame it was her, for jumping to conclusions about Jacequeline.  Evan told her they would discuss her involvement later, but right now he needed to find his wife. 
Elaine looked up and saw Jacequeline enter the restaurant.  Evan’s back was towards the entrance.  He turned around when he saw Elaine gazing across the restaurant.  Jacequeline froze.  Evan was here.  No, this can’t be.  Evan is dead.  Evan has been gone for 15 years.  Jacequeline just stood there in the middle of the restaurant, staring. She couldn’t move.  She knew it couldn’t be real, but she did not want to let go of the image.  Evan stood from the table and walked over to her.  She reached out and touched his face.  “Are you real?” she said with tears rolling down her cheeks.  “How can you be here?” she asked.  “I am alive, sweetheart.” Evan said to her.  Jacequeline threw her arms around his neck.  “I have missed you so much.  Oh God Evan, I have made such a mess.  We have a daughter, and she was hurt because of me.” She said crying uncontrollably.  “Shh baby, it’s ok. I’m here now.  I will never leave you again. We will find our daughter and we will help her.” Evan said to her.  
A few weeks later, Charles Bridges walked in to a truck stop in Oxford Pennsylvania.  He scanned the room and spotted the person he had spent weeks searching for.  He walked over and sat down at a booth.  A young waitress with light brown hair came over and asked him what she could get him to drink.  “Belinda Barnes?” he asked.  The smile faded from her face.  “Who are you?” she asked.  “I have been hired by your family to find you. Your parents are worried.” he replied.  “Do they know that you found me?” she asked.  “Not yet.” he replied.  Belinda slid into the booth across from him.  “Let me tell you about my parents. My so called father got me pregnant. My mother was always too busy worrying about her social life to notice what was happening.  I am not going back there.” She stated firmly.  Charles was shocked.  He sat there speechless.  He had done business with the Roberts family for a long time, and he would have never guessed that Elaine Roberts would be involved with this type of scandal.  Belinda could tell that he was weighing what to do.  She thought a little nudge might be all he needed to decide.  She smiled at him.  “What would it take, for you to tell them I am dead?” she asked.  

Epilogue



Jacequeline and Evan walked into the Federal Court house a few weeks later to attend Frank’s formal sentencing.  They sat near the back of the crowded gallery in the court room.  The judge ordered Frank to serve twenty five years in Federal prison for his crimes.  The court bailiff approached Frank after the judge concluded court to place him back in handcuffs, for transport to jail. He saw Jacequeline sitting on the back row.  She was not alone.  Another man was sitting next to her.  The reporter that had interview him was there.  The agent that had arrested him, and he was holding hands with the red head that Jacequeline kept a picture of on her dresser.   And Cliff was there.  They were all there, huddled around Jacequeline and whispering to her. 
Frank realized at that moment, that Jacequeline had somehow orchestrated his bust.  “That fucking bitch set me up.” He said to himself.  “I need to speak to my wife for a moment.” Frank said to the Bailiff.  Evan heard him.  Evan walked up to him.  “Jacequeline is not your wife anymore.  She is mine.  She was always mine.” Evan said to him.  Gloria approached.  “I will have the divorce papers sent to you at the jail.  It was final weeks ago, after you signed the papers.” She told him.  “What the hell do you mean? I never signed divorce papers.” He said.  “Sure you did sweetie. I witnessed you sign them.” Brenda said.  Jacequeline approached, and grabbed ahold of Evan’s hand.  “You are a miserable bastard.  You hurt my child, and I hope you rot in prison.” She said to Frank.  “Are you the reason I am going to prison?” he asked in disbelief.  She smiled at him, and turned and walked out of the court room.  He tried to protest with his attorney and asked about an appeal.  His attorney told him that plea deals are not entitled to an appeal.  Frank vowed he would make that bitch pay.
Charles Bridges searched the surrounding counties until he found one with a dead Jane Doe approximately Belinda’s age.  She had been found shortly after Belinda had disappeared.  He sat with the local deputy and looked at the picture of the young girl that he had never seen before.  He positively identified the picture as Belinda Barnes.   He asked for a report to take back to the family.  He reported to Elaine that Belinda had committed suicide.  She was listed as a Jane Doe, and her remains were cremated by the county. After breaking the news to the family, Charles drove back to Oxford and told Belinda that her family would not be looking for her anymore.
Jacequeline would have not been able to get through the loss of her daughter, if Evan had not been there to lean on.  She grieved for Belinda for a long time.  Evan was patient and loving.  Over time she was able to put the guilt behind her, and focus on what she did have in her life.  When she found out she was pregnant with her second child, she worried she was not worthy of being a parent, because of what had happened to Belinda.  Evan told her that they had been given a second chance, and they could not waste it with regrets.  
