

Fatal Kiss
The Deadlier Sex Book Three
By
Maelani




Fatal Kiss
(The Deadlier Sex #3)
©February 2017 by Maelani Reese & Nataleigh Sharp
All rights reserved
Published by
Cover Design by MelancholyMuse
Photography Depositphoto
www.maelani.com

This book is sold subject to the condition that it shall not, by way of trade or otherwise, be lent, re-sold, duplicated, hired out, or otherwise circulated without the publisher’s prior written consent in any form of binding or cover other than that in which it is published and without similar condition including this condition being imposed on the subsequent purchaser.

This is a work of fiction. All characters and events portrayed in this novel are fictitious and are products of the author’s imagination and any resemblance to actual events, or locales or persons, living or dead, are entirely coincidental.

Be Obsessed…

Follow Maelani here:
Facebook
Twitter
Newsletter



It’s the final countdown for Hayley, also known as Madame H., who has been broken, shattered, and nearly left for dead. But the game isn’t over, and along with the handsome cartel liaison, Alejandro, a sexy assassin with ulterior motives, Jay, and a vicious seductress, Sasha, she must wage a final battle against her enemies. With innocent lives on the line and a need for atonement, survival is but an afterthought.



Table of Contents


Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Epilogue
About the Author



Chapter One


“My god, when did I leave?” Hayley asked. She sat across from Alejandro in the back of the limo, which was racing out of the city of Las Vegas. Her body ached from the torture she’d endured at the hands of the Saudis, and she could only see out of one eye.
“Just after Elaina was born, you left. You didn’t give me an explanation, only that you loved us and couldn’t stay anymore.” Alejandro’s beaten-up face was sagging with exhaustion, and his eyes, which were puffy from abuse, showed rims of red as he spoke. He held in his emotions though. He was a tough guy, there was no doubt about it. The way he’d rescued Hayley, even though he was inches from death himself, was a testament to his grit.
“So do they know who I am at all?” Hayley asked, not doing well to hide the rising distress in her voice.
“No,” Alejandro answered flatly. “I am sorry, niñita. Michael was only two when you left, and there was a no visitation policy.”
Alejandro closed his eyes for a moment. There was blood streaking his face from small lacerations peppering his cheeks and forehead. He probably had a severe concussion. His gorgeous female doctor, Jasmine, was sitting next to him in the seat, applying cold compresses to his pulverized face. She was averting her eyes politely but was obviously hearing their conversation and doing her best to look oblivious.
“Stay awake, señor,” she whispered in his ear. He nodded his understanding before peering up through the slits of his swollen eyes.
Tears, like little acid emotions, worked their way down Hayley’s face. How could I leave my own children? Alejandro, the Saudis… hell, even Jay isn’t the monster here.
I am the monster. 
She took a few long, deep breaths, trying to cool the heat rising to her face. Overwhelmed wasn’t even close to describing the way she felt. It was as if she was an island, far off in the sea, out of view of everyone, and now the ocean was beginning to rise up around her, threatening to swallow all that she was. She struggled to swallow down her fear and the waves of anxiety that lapped at her shores, but she truly did not know how long she could keep herself together. 
Then a warm hand slipped over her own, giving it a good squeeze. She startled and almost jerked her hand away until she looked up into Alejandro’s eyes. God, he looked bashed to a pulp and exhausted, but there was something else showing there. Pity? No, not pity. Forgiveness, perhaps? Understanding? She would settle for anything close to that even though she couldn’t comprehend any of it herself.
“Hayley,” Alejandro said. “I know that right now you are confused, and I know that right now things are not as they should be. But I feel,” he said, placing his other hand over his heart. “I feel like things are going to get better. You’ll remember what you’re made of, and you will see who you truly are meant to be soon enough. Don’t be afraid and don’t look back. Only forward.”
There was nothing but caring and honesty in his eyes, but Hayley didn’t feel as optimistic as he sounded. Her hands trembled a bit under his. She had to keep it together. Had to. 
“Thank you, Alejandro, for pulling me out of there.”
“Of course, Mi cielo. There is nothing I would not do for you. Don’t you know that?”
“Really?”
“Absolutamente.”
“Will you help me fix all of these things I’ve done?”
“There is redemption at the end of the road. Undoing the web of your life will be harder than anything either of us has ever done.”
“But we have to do it. I have to.”
Alejandro cocked his head and looked at her quizzically for a moment, but then the unconscious woman beside her stirred, and their attention was diverted. 
“Here we go,” he murmured.
The woman had been slumped over in her seat, knocked out by Alejandro in the hotel room where he and Hayley were tortured. After the unknown woman stormed in and shot their captors, it’d been made perfectly clear Hayley had been her target. Now, coming into consciousness once more, Hayley hoped to get some answers from her. 
As she opened her dark brown eyes, the woman’s face registered shock at being in a vehicle she didn't recognize and at the snug ties around her wrists and ankles. She immediately jerked upright, her deep maroon hair flopping over toward Hayley. Her fierce, beautiful face whipped instantly from shock to anger, and she pulled at her arms only to find her wrists bound behind her with zip ties.
She let out a long string of expletives in her native language and spat on the floor of the limo. Her eyes frantically roamed the interior, assessing every person now watching her with great interest. Finally settling on Hayley, those dark brown eyes turned a churning black with vile rage. Hayley backed against her door as the woman lunged at her head-first, her bright white teeth bared in an almost inhuman snarl.
Just as Hayley thought for sure her face was going to get smashed in by the woman’s head, Alejandro’s hand shot out and caught her by the ponytail, giving it a violent yank. The woman’s head stopped short just before cracking Hayley in the nose. Instead, she sneered over at Alejandro, ready to pounce on the man restraining her from her kill.
“Tranquila, ey!” His voice boomed inside the limo as he spoke sternly. He was calm though, and his dark eyes bore into Sasha’s with no less intensity than if she was a caballero he was about to assassinate.
“Let me go, pendejo!” she shouted and began wrestling with her arms behind her back.
“Not a chance, chichóna. Not a chance.” Alejandro was studying the fierce woman. She was ferociously beautiful and just plain feral. She bucked against his grip like a wild cat, but he would not release her. “¡Cálmate! Sit down.”
For a moment at least, the woman relented.
“Now, what is your name?” he asked.
She looked as if she might not tell him but then shrugged defiantly, appearing bored with the company already.
“I am Sasha.”
“What do you want?” Hayley asked.
“Do not speak to me, pinche puta madre!” she snapped at Hayley fiercely, causing her to flinch away. Alejandro gripped Sasha’s hair once more and forced her head back toward him. She hissed, and more obscenities poured from her pretty lips.
“I do not want to hurt you, Sasha, but if you attack my friend again, the doctor will put you back under, and there won’t be any sweet dreams after that.”
His words were painfully placid with not even a sliver of emotion on his battered face. Sasha followed the nod of his head toward the woman doctor sitting next to him. She was hiding something in her hands, and upon seeing Sasha’s interest, flashed the half-full hypodermic syringe into view.
“Fine,” Sasha said, defeated for now. She leaned back away from Hayley, settling as comfortably as she could while tied up in the bucket seat. Her eyes never left Hayley as Alejandro released his grip on her hair. Sasha rested back against the seat, trying her best to feign relaxing, but she was no good at that. Not one bit. She reached up and touched the large swollen bruise on her forehead before frowning deeply. “Who struck me?”
“I did,” Alejandro said. “Sorry about your face, I was only trying to keep Hayley from harm.”
Hayley studied Sasha as she digested Alejandro’s words. In a sick way, they all matched, with their beat-up faces, though some of Hayley’s wounds could not be seen beneath her clothes. She shuddered painfully, thinking about the stainless steel torture speculum that had been forced inside her then gradually opened, causing horrific pain in her vagina.
She would not wish such torture on her worse enemy, not even this delusional girl, Sasha.
“You brought me here.” It wasn’t a question, but Sasha clearly didn’t understand their motivation. “I will not go back to work for you.” She gave Hayley a sidelong glance. “You might as well kill me now. I will never be your whore again. I paid my way into this country! I paid! I am a free woman. You are nothing but shit.”
Hayley was speechless. Thankfully, Alejandro was not.
“Sasha, no one is going to put you to work. I promise you that.”
She sneered at his words. “Of course you would say that.”
“You don’t know me, chicana; don’t presume anything about me.”
Her eyes dug into the cartel liaison. He was a puzzle she couldn’t solve. “You don’t know me, either, vaquero, but you are all the same.”
Hayley tried to clear her throat but found it was too dry for even that. Instead, she leaned back against her door and watched as the city turned into desert, the limo kicking up a light plume of gritty dust as it traveled. 
It was apparent Sasha had been one of her girls. Shame and guilt swooped down on Hayley, engulfing her and burning her soul like she was already in the hell she deserved. She knew some of the horrible things Madame H. had been involved in, but now, sitting next to one of her victims, Hayley felt like she was being crushed by the enormity of it all. She had enslaved people. She had forced women into her service then made them prostitute themselves for her own gain without a second’s thought to their suffering and pain. She knew she deserved this guilt, this anguish, but she begged to have it taken from her. It would tear her to pieces. Soon, tears streamed down her face, leaving pink trails through the caked blood on her cheeks.
“Did I kidnap you, Sasha?” Hayley croaked, her throat burning.
Sasha glanced at her then looked back to Alejandro. “What the fuck is this puta’s problem, anyway?”
“She has no memory,” Alejandro answered. “She’s been in a fugue for days. She didn’t even know who she was until recently.”
Sasha looked over to Hayley again, who was staring at her somewhat blankly.
“I paid a coyote five thousand U.S. dollars to bring me to America. I paid him up front, cash. There was supposed to be no strings attached. I get here, I’d be free. We traveled at night and made it across the border. We walked for six hours, no water, no food, and desperate for help. Then, we were picked up in a van and taken to a safe house where we were told we would stay until the morning and then be freed to fend for ourselves. I would live in the United States and start my new life.”
Alejandro sighed and sat back, closing his eyes. Hayley thought he must know where this was going, but she did not. At least, she didn’t remember, anyway.
“But instead, I was raped, over and over again. They sold me to the highest bidder. Again and again. When I was sold by you for the last time, I met your man, Damian. You were his employer, no? We were not freed; instead he made us his slaves. He sold off the best-looking women but kept me. I was his favorite. Him and his… friend… they had their way with me many times, raping me, beating me. I wanted to find a way out, so I convinced his friend that I really loved him, to think we would be together. Be in love.” She spat on the floor of the limo again, disgusted at the thought.
“I was so close to escape… then I got pregnant. I told him this, and he was going to help me escape somehow. But he disappeared. Mierda. Damian must have known. I don’t know how, but after that, I was sent to live in a pig cop’s basement. He became my new master. I was a slave to him and his wife. Until I killed them.”
“That’s terrible,” Hayley breathed. Sasha only glared at her. 
“It was your fault.”
Hayley swallowed hard. She couldn’t deny it. The woman was right, but something about her story clicked in her brain. “Wait, what was the other man’s name? Damian’s friend?”
“His name was Jackson, Jack, or Jay. Who the fuck cares? I didn’t pay attention. He was supposed to help me, the lying bastard.”
Oh, shit!
“Wh—what?”

Chapter Two


“I said I don’t know, you fucking cocksucker!” Jay spat out the words through a mouthful of blood.
Vincent sat in a chair across from him, watching silently. He looked up to the large-bellied man in an Armani suit standing above them. The man nodded to Vincent, and the smooth-skinned Portuguese man leaned forward.
“I believe you, Jay.” His voice was like a dark liquid, thick, rich with his accent, and so very smooth, like a syrup. More like a poison, Jay thought.
“Then release me already; they’ve already got a long enough head start!”
“Of course, Jay,” Vincent replied, a smile on his lips. With small diagonal cutting pliers, he snipped the thick plasticuffs from Jay’s wrists and then from his ankles. 
Jay rubbed his wrists and rotated his hands, stretching out the kinks. He’d been in this chair for two hours. Once Hayley had ditched him in the parking garage, Vincent had arrived to collect her from Jay, who of course no longer had her. Since then he’d been a captive of the Saudis, with Vincent, their bag man, keeping an eye on him. Jay knew it was Alejandro who’d taken Hayley, and after the Saudi forces were massacred in the hotel, Vincent had brought Jay to his boss, Rizwan, for a little chat. The little chat included a lot of electrical current and having his face beaten in. Fucking Alejandro, he was going to kick the shit out of him. Fucking ass!
“So, you will go with Vincent and his team, and you will retrieve Madame H. from this Alejandro,” Rizwan told him. Jay stood, stretching out his back.
“This would’ve all been avoided if you had just met me at the right time this morning!” Jay shot back at him. He had turned his back on Vincent to speak to the Saudi boss man, and now his head was jerked back into a tight choke hold. Cold steel pressed against his neck, and he could feel his arteries pumping against it. One wrong breath and Vincent would have his neck opened up.
The Saudi boss didn’t look angry, only impatient. “No, this could have been avoided if you’d brought her straight to me like you were supposed to instead of fornicating with her in that campground.”
Jay said nothing. There was nothing to say, really. The man was right, and he was lucky that he hadn’t simply shot him on sight. The feel of the knife against his skin was repulsive, and Jay wanted nothing more than to snap the Portuguese assassin’s arm and beat him to death. Yes, that would be nice, to do it with his own hands, squeeze the life out of him. Jay was brash but not stupid, and he knew Vincent would not hesitate to kill. Even though Jay liked to think of himself as the best, he had no illusions about this man. Vincent really was the best.
“We all must face the consequences of our own actions,” Rizwan said, in a voice usually reserved for teachers and professors. “As men, we are burdened with responsibility, and that must not be trivialized. You made a commitment, and you did not fulfill your end of our deal. Whether or not it was your fault is not my concern. You will deliver the Madame, or you will forfeit your life.”
Jay cleared his throat softly. “I will deliver her.”
The big man nodded to him, and Vincent released his iron grip on Jay’s neck. Jay turned and glared at the man. Vincent smiled at him pleasantly, his tanned face revealing nothing of the monster within. Vincent slipped the thin blade away into the pocket of his suit, and with long, delicate fingers, smoothed the silk coat out.
“When this is finished—” Jay began.
“I certainly hope so, Jay,” Vincent interrupted him.
“Yes, yes,” Rizwan said, “when this is finished you can sacrifice yourself to Vincent if you like.” He chuckled. “Like a Christian in the Colosseum. Leave now. I expect you back by tomorrow night.”
Jay glared at Vincent. The man, in turn, only smiled back at him pleasantly, politely. What a fucking creepster, he thought. What I would give to smack that fucking smile off his face.
As if reading his mind, Vincent’s smile widened just a smidge, and he held out his hand to Jay. “To a prosperous working relationship, Jay,” Vincent purred with his hand out.
Jay snorted in disgust and turned away from Vincent, heading for the door. “Let’s get a move on, you bastard. I want to get this done so that I can be rid of you.”
“Will this Alejandro return to his home compound? Or to the safe house where you hid with the Madame?”
“I wasn’t hiding.”
“Of course, Jay.”
Jay grumbled. “I’m not sure. I think he will head back toward his home. He has a small army of dedicated soldiers there. Whatever team you have put together, they’d better be experienced. This guy is not somebody to just go after half-cocked.”
“I think I understand. My team is very experienced. My brother and several of my more esteemed colleagues will be among them.”
Jay sighed, hating that he would be saddled with this man. Jay liked to work alone, and having Vincent at his side only reminded him that he was no longer free in all of this; he was now firmly under Rizwan’s thumb. Even though he didn’t like Alejandro, and in truth really did want a shot at him, the man was well connected, and the prospect of a head-on assault on Alejandro’s compound made Jay nervous.
“Let’s get one thing straight, Vinnie: I’m in charge out there. I’m the only one who knows the layout of the place, and there’s a chance that if Hayley sees me, she may actually come willingly. She trusts me.”
“Hayley,” Vincent murmured.
“What’s that?” Jay snapped.
“You have become too familiar with this mark, Jay. For that reason, and many others, you will not be in charge of this assault.” 
Vincent held open the large steel door, and Jay walked out into the evening air. It was still hot out. The cool night breezes had not settled in, but Jay was used to the Nevada heat. He relished it, actually, even if the unrelenting heat turned freezing overnight. The weather was so bipolar here. 
Jay was seething but followed behind Vincent as he led Jay to a black van. Several other men were milling about the outside of the van, and they nodded to Vincent as he approached. The men had the same slight build as Vincent. They looked more like stock brokers than soldiers, and Jay hoped they could hold their own. He didn’t give a god damn about them or their lives, but with his own neck on the line, he didn’t want any careless mistakes. 
None of the men offered to shake his hand, nor did they open the van door for him; instead they appraised him with disapproving looks. He could tell right away which one was Vincent’s brother and made sure he gave the deeply tanned man a double stink eye before sliding open the van’s rear door and climbing in. To his surprise, there were three more men already inside, chilling in the air conditioning, waiting. Behind him, two more men piled in, then Vincent and his brother took up the front seats.
“Is this all we have? Eight men?” Jay asked, not bothering to hide the incredulity in his voice.
“This is all we will need, Jay. When a team works together as well as these men, the need for excessive numbers becomes unnecessary and cumbersome.”
Jay snorted. “You sure are a cocky bastard. I just hope you don’t get us all fucking killed.”
He saw Vincent’s smile once again creep up his face, and he glowered. God, he hated that man. He promised himself that when his business with Rizwan was concluded, he’d beat Vincent to death, slowly, with his bare hands. Vincent’s phone rang, and he answered, spoke several times in Portuguese, then hung up, looking pleased.
“As I predicted, Alejandro is taking the Madame back to his home base in the northern outskirts of Las Vegas for safekeeping.”
None of the other men in the van spoke, so Jay did. “He is not a foolish man. There will be defenses in place. I’m telling you, an assault on his property is not wise.”
“A wise man would have taken the Madame and run with her, run to Mexico, or wiser yet, simply given her to me. Have you made any progress determining where our missing shipment is? Is has been many days, and I fear the goods my employer paid for may be… damaged.”
“You mean maybe starved to death or dead of exposure somewhere in the desert heat? Well, it’s a possibility, but Hayley doesn’t know where they are. She’s only barely begun to remember who she is.”
“And you believe this ruse of hers?” Vincent asked calmly.
“I do. She’s… broken. Weak. She was deceived by one of the product handlers, I know that much. I’m not sure if she discovered more before she lost her memory. I think she would have told me if she had.”
Vincent’s brother spoke in rapid Portuguese to him. The language was just different enough from Spanish that Jay couldn’t understand a damn word of it.
“Three hours until sundown, Jay, and then you can put what skills you may have to use.”
Jay cracked his knuckles as they rode. The van made many turns and finally pulled up to a very disreputable-looking storage unit. Two of the men disembarked, and Jay heard large cases being thumped into the back storage compartment of the vehicle. Weapons, he presumed, and a lot of them. “What’s your plan?”
Vincent took a moment to respond, and Jay had to calm his angered breathing. God, he hated this.
“Well, Jay, we know his home compound is fortified, that much you have told us. And I have several spotters surveying the area now. The surrounding area is just a bunch of slum houses. Degenerates, drug addicts, worthless dregs make up most of it. We will leave the van amongst the tenements there and move forward on foot. Once the compound is within range, we will begin heavy fire to occupy his soldiers while a smaller part of the team pushes forward and then waits for the firing team to catch up. We will leave no man standing.”
“Fire and move? And if they see us while we are approaching?”
“We will move with no lights; we will be invisible in the night. After we start firing on them, surprise will not be an issue. I told you we have spotters watching the compound. The Madame will not be able to leave without us seeing and intercepting her. I hope that you are not afraid of the dark, Jay,” he added with a smirk.
No, not the dark. Just what might be out there waiting for us. Vincent was underestimating Alejandro, Jay could tell that straight off, and it was a mistake that would end poorly for them all. Jay had a fortune on the line but also his life. I have to distance myself from them, but how? 
He wanted the Madame back badly, he wanted his money, and he wanted his Sasha, who he had not heard from in two weeks. That fucking cop who was renting her while Jay got enough money to take her away was supposed to check in with him every few days, but he had heard nothing. All the same, if he stuck with Vincent, he was sure to get killed. This Portuguese assassin had no real idea of the savagery the Mexican cartels were capable of, and Alejandro was deeply engrossed in their world.
This is going to be a fucking shit storm.

Chapter Three


“The storm approaches, señora,” Alejandro said in a contemplative tone, standing in the living room and staring out of its large windows.
“Literally, I guess,” Hayley responded. She sat on the overstuffed sofa next to him, watching dark clouds cover the darkening skies. Hayley was medicated now, Norco and ibuprofen, and the swelling in her face had receded. Her nether regions were still sore, but the pain had been reduced to that of an unpleasant bout of rough sex; she could deal with it. What she was having trouble coping with was her rising fear and anxiety about the imminent attack on Alejandro’s home. She had refused to take the Valium he’d offered her. She wanted her wits about her.
“Yes, literally. We don’t often see rain here, but this will be a storm to remember. I expect there will be much flooding.” Alejandro looked over at Hayley. “This is good for us. The rains here are torrential. There will be little visibility, and radio communications will be difficult. Traversing the muddy landscape will be difficult, too. Our enemy will be hard pressed to succeed.” Alejandro sighed. “They are coming, the Saudi’s men, and I am told their team is small but very skilled. It will be a dangerous night, Hayley, but we will persevere. It now comes down to our wits and our metal.”
“How do you know so much about it?”
“I have many ears to the ground, and my people are all over this city. Many of the tenants in the buildings all around are people I have helped rescue from prison, border patrol, opportunists, or simply starvation. They are very loyal to me. We have located the Saudi’s spotters; they are watching this building from telescopes, and we are waiting for their strike team to arrive.”
“How will the attack happen, do you think?”
Alejandro clasped his hands behind his back and paced slowly back and forth in front of the window. “I don’t know what kind of man we are dealing with. If he had a large team and was a good tactician, he would surround the compound and move in hard, crushing our forces.”
Hayley frowned, and her heart thumped loudly. She didn’t like that idea. “Crushing our forces” was not what she wanted to hear.
Alejandro turned and winked at her. “But that would take a large force, señora. More than likely, they will play shadow games with us, distracting and moving, leapfrogging their way inside the ranch’s boundaries.”
“I really don’t like the sound of either of those,” Hayley said dourly. “Can we just call the police and ask for help? Surely they would come if they knew a firefight was imminent.”
“There will be no police involvement here. All of them scattered after the great cataclysm, and now they are afraid to venture into my lands because of the werewolves.”
“I see, uh-huh. What?”
Alejandro chuckled and shook his head.
Hayley wasn’t sure how to respond to that, so she sat silently. He was obviously joking, and his whimsical mood didn’t fit with the seriousness of the situation. Couldn’t he be serious for once? What was up with Jay and Alejandro joking when they’re about to die?
Sick bastards.
“There will be no police here. They have abandoned this part of the city. We will handle the situation ourselves.”
“Do you think we can? I mean, will we be okay?” Hayley was trying to keep the panic out of her voice.
Alejandro stood over her and held his hand out. She took his firm brown hand, and her own fingers seemed so tiny next to his. “We are never truly in control, señora. No one is. I cannot say what will happen or what will not.”
Hayley’s face drooped. This wasn’t the encouragement she was hoping for or expecting.
“But I believe that we will be victorious on this night, Hayley.” Alejandro had her locked in his gaze. His deep eyes were so dark they were nearly black. “And tomorrow, we will rise to face another day.”
“And what then?”
“Hmm?”
“What happens tomorrow, or the day after that?”
“When they were torturing us, they were trying to find the location of a stolen shipment—stolen or missing.”
“Yes, otherwise they probably would have just killed me, right?” Hayley asked.
“Without a doubt. Crossing the Saudis will get your head removed. The torture means they need you to find their missing products.”
“Women.”
“Yes. So, we have to find them.”
That actually hadn’t occurred to her. “Find the girls? But how? I have no idea where they might be.”
Alejandro stroked her face gently with his palm. “My doctora, Jasmine, is very skilled with memories. She will help you.”
“Oh, god….”
Alejandro smiled. “Nothing sinister, I assure you. Jasmine will not hurt you.”
“Then how will she get my memories?”
“She will not get them, you will get them. But she will help coax them out of you. Jasmine knows much of the human mind and body, and she can help heal you far deeper than just your damaged skin.”
She loved listening to Alejandro speak. His voice was so smooth and confident. She felt like she was listening to an author telling a story when he spoke to her, and she felt compelled to believe him. She wanted to heal, and she wanted to remember. Well, mostly. There were some things she didn’t think she ever wanted to see again.
Hayley blew out her breath. “So when can she start helping me?”
“I will call for her now if you’d like.”
“Okay, please. I want to find answers.”
Alejandro nodded and clicked a button on his phone, which made a soft chirping. A crisp female voice spoke, then Alejandro said, “Es hora. La mujer está lista.” He gave a quick smile and told Hayley Jasmine was on her way.
“Alejandro, I need to tell you something.” Hayley took a breath before continuing. “If we can find the missing women… I am not going to give them to anyone to be slaves.” She stared into his eyes, expecting anger or a reprimand. Instead he nodded.
“You have never done things the easy way, señora, I did not expect you to start now.” Jasmine entered the room quietly, looking demure and striking. “Please, go with Jasmine now, and find out what you can. You will be safe with her.”
“Will you be okay?” she asked as Jasmine came to stand next to her.
“Sí, I need to be with my people, and we will protect this home. No se preocupe.”
Hayley nodded and stood to leave with Jasmine. Alejandro turned away and went back to looking out his window at the darkening sky.



Chapter Four


Hayley followed Jasmine toward the center of the house. It had a nice courtyard, surrounded by the house, filled with beautiful greenery, cacti, and flowerbeds. Oh, the flowers. They drenched the air with their magnificent scent, mixing into the desert air. 
Hayley sniffed. She wasn’t crying or even needed to do so; she felt an increasing numbness overwhelming her senses, blocking any pain leftover from the abuse she’d endured.
I deserved every bit of it, she thought. Things didn’t happen for no reason at all. There was always a reason events went in a certain direction, and Hayley knew exactly the reason why this was happening to her. One word: atonement. Sasha was proof of this. So was the pain she’d suffered through the past week. It’d all been a cataclysmic slam of karma turning it’s boar-like head back in her direction and ramming the shit out of her once-perfect bubble.
She was glad for it, though. She craved the harsh beating it had in store for her. Who else on earth deserved such punishment? She, more than anyone else in this world, deserved every last bit of payback heading her way, so she kept her mouth shut and moved along quietly as Jasmine opened the door to a room off the courtyard and led her down the stairs into a cool, quiet basement.
“Here, watch your head. The entrance is tight.” Jasmine pulled a rug off the floor and revealed a trap door leading farther into the underground. “There are secret passages and tunnels fortified with supplies all over this compound. Most are sealed with locks, but this one is the main escape. It leads out into the desert to another house supplied with getaway vehicles, guns, and more. We’re heading that way now.”
“We’re leaving? But I thought we would wait with Alejandro. I can’t run away. Not anymore.”
Jasmine groaned softly, obviously sleep deprived and done with Hayley’s demands. “I’m not asking you, güera. Alejandro wants you out of here. Safe. I follow orders, and so will you, or we will die. Got it? I don’t have time for your insolence.” She tipped her head, signaling someone now standing behind Hayley. She barely had time to glance back to see a band of three soldiers approaching, along with Sasha in handcuffs.
“Hmph!” Sasha growled beneath the gag in her mouth. It was an obvious risk to leave her unsilenced, so they’d gagged her. Hayley cringed at the thought.
“Can you undo her restraints? What’s she going to do? Run out to the Saudis and wave the white flag? They almost killed all of us. That includes her!” Hayley’s anger boiled over, and she could feel her face burning scarlet red. She didn’t care. If she was to atone for all her past actions, she should probably start with Sasha.
Jasmine narrowed her eyes, throwing her a pointed glare. The doctor in her glanced over to Sasha, assessing the risk of letting such a wild thing loose. After a moment of contemplation, her shoulders sagged, and she waved the guards off Sasha.
“Untie her.” She pointed at Sasha. “I’m warning you, if you try anything, we have orders to shoot you on the spot. Got it?” Her thickly accented English resonated in the room. Sasha met her stare eye for eye with equal contempt oozing out of her. 
“I understand.” Sasha let the guards undo her restraints, feigning a bite when they lingered too long. Smirking, she turned back toward Hayley and gave her a sickly-sweet smile complete with bright white teeth. “Don’t worry, Madame. I won’t kill you while trying to survive a gun storm. That’ll come later.”
“You don’t scare me, Sasha,” Hayley said, sounding braver than she was. “What scares me is that I’ll never make things up to you for what’s been done to you by my people. It wasn’t right, but that doesn’t give you any power over me. Got it?”
Sasha snickered but was interrupted by Jasmine ushering them through the hatch she’d unlocked and opened. It was pretty predictable to have the hidden hatch leading to a tunnel in here, but Hayley didn’t question it when she heard distant gunfire erupt outside the room.
“They’re here! Let’s go!”
They each went down the hatch one by one, tapping their shoes on the metal ladder that led down into a narrow tunnel that reminded Hayley of something that might have been used to smuggle slaves in a century long passed. Hewn out of the clay and rock, the tunnel extended into blackness far deeper than she could see. Large timbers, the type one might expect so see in an old silver mine, braced the walls and ceiling.
“My god, is this safe?” Hayley asked nervously.
Even Sasha, as unflappable as she seemed, looked up and around nervously.
Jasmine didn’t answer but moved forward, a large LED light in hand. The armed men followed behind with their own lights. In the white illumination of their flashlights, Jasmine’s round bottom led them, and Hayley saw why Alejandro was so fond of her. She was a strikingly beautiful woman. Hayley felt a little stab of jealousy then did her best to tuck it away. I was the one who left, she reminded herself.
Sasha, almost extrasensory in her perception of the situation, snickered just behind her. “She is much prettier than you, puta. I bet he fucks her every night.”
Hayley shrugged in the dark passageway, knowing that Sasha only intended to hurt her. She tried to let the crass words roll off, but they did sting. “He’s not mine to pine over. No one is,” she answered, trying to sound indifferent.
“Maybe I will fuck him too, cabrona. You can watch as you’re dying.”
“Silence!” one of the men behind her ordered.
Hayley felt a lump form in her throat. This life was still very new to her, and she hated, absolutely hated, that someone could despise her so much that they wished for her death. Did she deserve that hatred? Probably, but it still hurt. It made her stomach roll uncomfortably. That woman had been a slave, enslaved by Hayley’s employees, presumably on her own orders. It was sick; she was sick. And now, now what? What could they do with Sasha? She still wasn’t free, held captive here by Alejandro’s men. And if they released her, would she just slink away into the city, disappear from Hayley’s life? Not likely. She was intent on murder, on Hayley’s death.
“I wish,” Hayley said with a voice that grew weaker with every word, “that there was something I could do to make things right with you.”
“There isn’t,” Sasha sneered.
“I’m rich,” Hayley continued. “I don’t know where it is, but I know I have a lot of money. I could try to help you. Maybe if you had money, you could start over, somewhere far away from here. Maybe you could live the life you wanted before… before my people took you.”
Sasha was silent for a moment. “I do not want your money. I want your life.”
Hayley felt a sudden sharp pain as Sasha grabbed her hair from behind. The fiery redhead yanked her back by the head and slammed her onto the hard earthen floor then pounced on her, landing on Hayley’s chest and squeezing her throat with both hands. “And I will have it!” Sasha growled at her. “I will have your life!” 
Her voice rose into a loud roar, then there was a crack, and the crushing force on Hayley’s throat subsided. Sasha fell off her to the side, and Hayley saw Jasmine, the dark-haired beauty, standing over her, the long flashlight in hand. The light flickered a little, and Hayley saw that the lens had been broken.
Jasmine squatted down over Hayley, who was still on the ground, grasping at breath. “You seem to have trouble understanding, señora.” Jasmine panned her light over Sasha’s limp body. “That one will kill you. Do not speak to her. ¿Entiendes? Understand?”
Hayley nodded meekly, fresh tears in her eyes. “I understand.”
“Good,” Jasmine said. “Now get up, and stop making my job harder.”





Chapter Five


The van wove through the desperate, destitute apartment buildings, barely held together with aging concrete and stucco. There were shadows of tenants hidden on terraces or behind windows, but no one stepped outside into the waning twilight. It would be full dark soon, and the desert night would be cold. Cold and deadly. Drugs and death kept civilians off the streets. There were no street lamps in this slum of a neighborhood, which Jay felt was good for them. Three more blocks passed, and they could see Alejandro’s hacienda, a lone island paradise amidst the dregs of the Hispanic district in Northeast Vegas. It was grossly disproportionate to its surroundings, a sprawling complex rising out of the ruins of the city. 
The gate was only a hundred yards ahead when the van pulled into a nonfunctioning gas station and parked tight against the decaying cinderblock building. The complex was set apart just enough from the surrounding tenements that anyone inside had a clear line of sight all around it. They would have to traverse a football field’s length of open desert between the gas station and the gates. It was foolhardy.
“Where are your spotters?” Jay asked nervously as the group disembarked from the van and loaded up with M-16 automatic rifles and handguns.
“Four hundred yards back, on the rooftops. They will be watching carefully,” Vincent stated dryly.
“When was your last contact with them?”
Vincent looked bored by his questions but answered anyway. “Ten minutes ago. Everything is ready, and we will have radio silence from here on in.”
“Fine. But this is a shit plan.”
“Perhaps you will learn something tonight, Mr. Jay.”
Vincent motioned to the rest of the men, and they began moving forward in two tight groups. They had no night vision, but their rifle optics amplified light, allowing them to sight out targets much easier than an optical scope. In the darkness the two groups looked like pools of shadow, but Jay knew their quarry was no fool. Alejandro would be watching. 
After twenty yards, the front group signaled back that they had contact. Jay read the hand signals. Two men at the gate. The front group of men went down onto their knees. Jay watched the gate through his enhanced vision scope then found the two men standing there. Moments later, gunfire erupted from the front assault group, chattering loudly into the night. Both gate guards went down immediately, bucking on the ground a little before falling still.
Another hand signal. Moving forward. Both groups rushed toward the gate. It was flanked by brick pylons on either side. They reached the pylons and flattened their backs against them, a group on either side. Still no return gunfire from the complex. Jay could see it, another fifty yards away. There were lights on inside but no movement. It was as if a major nighttime incursion wasn't even happening, but the sounds of gunfire still echoed through the valley. There was no way they weren’t on high alert.
Vincent signaled, and the strike group moved, sprinting into the blackness between them and the hacienda. Five seconds passed, and Jay’s group followed. Then the gunfire came, but not from the compound. Screams erupted as automatic fire pelted them from behind. Jay dove to the ground and squirmed around. Two of his group had already fallen, and he used one man’s dead body as a shield as well as a rifle rest.
It was the two guards they had shot on the way in; they weren’t actually dead. Mother fuckers! They must have been wearing body armor. A fucking ruse! The two gate guards continued to lay down a deadly field of fire, then an explosion rocked the night. Jay turned again. The forward strike team was still running for the house, but the landscaping had been turned into a minefield. As Jay watched in horror, a bright orange blast erupted out of the ground, sending a body flying into the air. Then a gun pressed up against his temple. It was Vincent, panting hard.
“Move or die, Jay!”
Jay moved, sprinting with Vincent in a wide arc toward the ranch while the ground around their feet was peppered with gunfire. The forward team had made it to the house, but now gunfire was raining down on them from all directions.
“It’s a goddamn trap, you fucking idiot! I told you!” Jay screamed at Vincent. “Where the fuck are your snipers?”
In answer, a boom echoed overhead and one of the forward strike team dropped to the ground, his head a plume of red mist. Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck. Alejandro’s men must have found the snipers and taken over their positions. 
This is a complete fucking disaster.
Jay had no choice but to continue on. He cut toward the house, hoping to God a mine didn’t shred his legs. Vincent continued past him, ducking behind the garage wall. A moment later, Jay heard a fresh volley of gunfire from behind the ranch. He wedged himself in behind a large sagebrush, praying his position was obscured. Vincent was gone, probably hightailing it the fuck out of there. The idiot man never listened to Jay. Now he was stuck here, left to die.
Where the hell was Hayley? He had to find her. Had to get back on the right side of this infernal fence.
What the hell am I going to do now?

Chapter Six


Alejandro spoke into the phone. “¿Cuantos?”
“Seis. And we think there are two more. They are hiding.”
Alejandro frowned deeply, glancing around the room. “Find them, ahora!” 
He tucked the phone into his back pocket and sighed. He thought he’d heard something a moment ago, and now he was sure of it. It was the faint creak of footsteps coming from the garage hallway. Silently, Alejandro withdrew the two nickel-plated pistols from his shoulder holster, the highly polished metal slipping out of the oiled cowhide without a sound. He heard the creaking sound again and walked over to the wall and flipped off the overhead lights. The house went dark, and he waited. He knew the house far better than his intruder, who was probably already off balance from adrenaline or fear. 
He thought about Hayley making the long trek underground through the tunnel with Sasha and Jasmine. Even if they managed to evade the Saudis, he had no idea what to do with her. This new Hayley was like the one he’d known years ago, before greed, drugs, and power had wrestled the sweet girl out of his grasp. There was too much bad blood in this city now, enough to flood the desert, and Alejandro didn’t know if he was strong and influential enough to get her out of it. He couldn’t help but think of a life with this Hayley, with any kind of Hayley. 
He shook his head. It was useless to think of such things. Regardless of who she was today, Alejandro knew her darkness, and when Jasmine unlocked her memories, he had a terrible gut feeling that the darkness would consume her once more.
The footsteps were still coming, but more hesitantly now, and something in his gut told him it was Jay. Jay was a formidable predator, but he had wandered too far from his Las Vegas killing fields. Now he was on Alejandro's turf, and Alejandro meant to take him completely out of the equation. 
Alejandro lowered himself into a thigh-busting crouch, just below the kitchen counter that held the coffeemaker. He waited there without making a sound, listening to the carefully approaching footsteps. His intruder must know he’d been heard, or so Alejandro thought, which was why he did what he did. That, and he was no good at sitting around and waiting.
“Jay? Is that you over there? Creeping into my home where I offered you my hospitality only a few days ago?”
The creaking floorboards stopped, but there was no other response. Alejandro frowned.
“Come on, Jay. Come in here. Throw down your weapons, and we’ll sort this out like businessmen should. The rest of your men are dead now, and soon my men will return, and when they find you here… well, I don’t know what these caballeros will do to you.”
“They probably won’t do anything when they see I’ve killed their boss,” Jay said from what sounded like close by.
“So it will be a gunfight then?” Alejandro asked.
“To start, at least. Tell you what, I’ll come out if you turn the light backs on. Bit of an unfair advantage for you, if you ask me.”
“My house, my rules,” Alejandro said as he began to slowly creep across the room to the half-wall Jay must be hiding behind. The only sounds in the room were hard breaths from the both of them. He heard the rustle of fabric, again from around the wall. Alejandro crept forward and placed one hand against the painted drywall, listening for any movement beyond. 
And there it was, a soft sliding, a vibration that his sensitive hand picked up, like the sweet heartbeat of a woman beneath her breasts. Alejandro pointed both pistols at the wall and mouthed a quick prayer. Then he fired the weapons into the wall, the blasts coming in rapid succession, kicking his arms back as the house was filled with a deafening roar and the bitter tang of gunpowder. His ears rang with the popping echoes, and his eyes were filled with drywall debris. But he heard something else, a man’s scream and a thump as Jay hit the floor. Alejandro rolled through the darkness, around the wall, expecting to see the shadowy form of Jay lying dead on the other side. Instead, he stared straight into the single red dot of a laser sight.
“You’re a gambling man, Alejandro,” Jay said in the darkness. “Fortunately, I am too.”
Then Jay pulled the trigger.


Chapter Seven


A misfire. A fucking misfire! Jay didn’t know if it was just bad luck—these things did happen—or the drywall debris clogging his gun’s firing mechanism, but when he pulled the trigger, nothing happened. And his adversary, whose face should’ve been halfway across the room right now, was smirking at him. In the gloom he could only see Alejandro’s white teeth as his lips curled up.
“That’s the thing about gambling, Jay,” Alejandro said.
Jay didn’t wait for another witty comment; he whipped the gun through the air like a Frisbee, striking the Mexican in the face. Alejandro let out a muffled cry, and Jay threw himself toward him, fists balled, ready to pummel the man into the ground. Alejandro was quicker than he thought, rolling onto his back and flinging his legs up to meet Jay, the double kick catching him squarely in the chest and knocking the breath out of him. 
He continued on instinct, landing on the ground next to Alejandro and slamming his fist down into what he hoped was his neck. Then a fist crashed into his face, and Alejandro was climbing on top of him. Jay twisted his torso, throwing an elbow out to catch him in the chin, then pulled out from under him. He grappled with the man in the dark, lashing out with blind punches that found very little purchase before finally getting an arm around Alejandro’s neck. Furniture, vases, and other knickknacks were sent crashing in the chaos, littering the ground and providing sharp bits to land on. Both men bled across the floor, scrap fighting as they rolled around trying to best one another.
Finally, Jay managed to clamp down with his arm, putting all the pressure he could onto the other man’s neck, trying to choke him out or, even better, break his neck. Alejandro slammed his head back into Jay, smashing his nose and causing a warm trickle of blood to erupt there. Jay did not relent, and his arms, honed into weapons through years of training and strengthening, were locked on tight. Nothing would pry them loose, and every time Alejandro tried to strike at him, Jay’s hold tightened, like an anaconda, squeezing the very life out of the man. He could feel the thick thumping of the man’s heart in his neck, the wheeze of his breaths, his last breaths, as they struggled to move past Jay’s muscles. Alejandro was dying. His hands flopped around a little, trying and failing to grab hold of Jay. 
It wouldn’t be long now.
Then a blinding light flooded the room, and Jay’s eyes squeezed shut on reflex. He didn’t release his hold on the man though. Alejandro was growing weaker, no longer bucking but wrapping his desperate fingers around Jay’s arm, digging them into the flesh in a futile attempt to free himself. Footsteps sounded behind Jay, and he tried to turn and look but couldn’t without losing his grip. Quite suddenly, a gun barrel jammed into the back of his head, and someone screamed at him in a slew of Spanish curses and demands.
“Let him go now or die, pendejo!”
“Then we can die together,” Jay responded, pushing onto Alejandro’s airway even more. The brown-skinned man’s eyes were practically bulging out of his head now.
The gun barrel was moved from his head, and a roar of pain and sound filled the room. His leg exploded in agony, and Jay fell off the now-limp Alejandro and onto the floor. The fucking asshole had shot him in the ass! Jay fell onto his stomach next to Alejandro. He rolled to his side so that he was looking up, staring into the face of a young Mexican man in dark green fatigues pointing an AR-15 at his face. A thin wisp of smoke rose from the rifle’s barrel. Another green-clad man brushed by and knelt by Alejandro. The first soldier didn’t take his eyes off Jay.
“He’s barely alive,” the man said, lifting Alejandro’s head and checking his airway to make sure it was open.
Despite the pain, Jay could not keep the smile from creeping over his face. The soldier’s eyes narrowed, and the gun barrel twitched, just a little.
“Go ahead, do it, bitch. You won’t get another chance,” Jay snapped at him, grinning all the while. Blood streaked his face, his nose destroyed by Alejandro’s efforts.
His head was jerked back hard, and a long, sharp blade was drawn across his throat. Jay held himself motionless, feeling the blade’s fine edge begging to part his flesh.
“Careful, gringo,” a deep voice said. It was the man who had been kneeling next to Alejandro. “Around here, we will skin a motherfucker just for fun.”
Jay heard several pained coughs then Alejandro’s voice. It was weak and wheezy. “No. Bind his wrists and bag his head. We’ll find something special for him later.”
Another cough.
“Sí, señor,” replied the man holding a knife to Jay’s neck. “Are you all right, señor?” 
Jay thought there was more concern in the man’s voice than was usual between a soldier and his superior.
“He’s a tough fucker, that’s for sure,” Alejandro grumbled. “But then, I’ve been out of the game for a while, I suppose.” Alejandro sat up. He was rubbing his neck gently, his color returning to normal.
Jay could see that his eyes were bloodshot where the capillaries had burst within them. At least he’d left a lasting impression on the man; he would have bruises for weeks. Jay’s arms were pulled tightly behind him, but the knife was removed from his throat. Jesus, these people and their knives, he thought. 
“So what now, Mr. Big Cartel Boss? Bury me in sand and let the fire ants get me?” He tried to sound defiant, but in truth, he was nervous. These cartel guys were just as ruthless and sadistic as the Saudis. Maybe more so.
Alejandro chuckled then grimaced. “Is that what you think I am, Jay? A monster?” He shook his head. “No matter. Not for you, anyway.” Alejandro sighed, and Jay thought he saw regret in the man's eyes, though it was tough to tell, as puffy as his face was now. “The funny thing is, I don’t even like all this.” He gestured at the men and the weapons. “I abhor killing. But let’s be real here.” And with this, Jay saw the man’s eyes turn to steel. “You do have to die.”



Chapter Eight


“This is ridiculous. I worked hard to get to the United States, and you bring me back here to this wretched dump once more? You’ll be paying for my way back, güera!” Sasha snapped, pacing the living room of a small hacienda in the hills surrounding Tijuana. “Pinche madre. I hate this place!”
“It’s best to hide for now. Alejandro is joining us here, and this is our safe house. We’ll be protected from those insane mobs back in Vegas. It was the only logical choice.” Jasmine drilled her eyes into the Hispanic beauty, ready to choke her. Hayley could see that bringing her here with them hadn’t been in the original plan, but when Jasmine got the call from Alejandro to meet him here, she did as she was told. “I already have my contacts working on passports and new identities for us all. We should have no problem crossing back into the US.”
Sasha scoffed, shaking her head as she went to stand by the large picture window overlooking the shanty town of Tijuana. Hayley observed the beauty, wondering if she should be careful of her still. Alejandro’s men had accompanied them here and kept a close watch over the psychotic girl, but that did little to ease her mind that the woman was going to kill her one day for what she’d been through.
Let her, Hayley thought. Death was appealing to her more and more as time went on.
“We have pressing matters to attend. Hayley.” Jasmine waved her over to the couch, where she sank into the immaculately white, soft fabric. It was a high contrast to how Alejandro furnished his house back in Vegas, but she could tell he never came here. He would toss this furniture out in a moment’s notice, declaring it bland and unfit for a home. Hayley smiled at the thought. She agreed. Somehow she knew things about Alejandro only a lover, or someone truly close to him, would’ve known. At least she had a huge chunk of her puzzle back, knowing her children were somewhere in Mexico, safe with their nana.
But not in my arms.
She frowned at the thought and curled her legs up to her chest as Jasmine gathered some items and sat next to her on the couch.
“I was trained in the art of hypnosis before I worked for Alejandro. I’ve used it successfully on several patients to ease their heads when the mind gets too heavy. ¿Comprende?”
Hayley nodded. She just wanted the woman to get it over with.
“Okay.” Jasmine leaned toward the coffee table where she had placed a metronome, its mechanical arm ready to start ticking whenever she started it. Hayley watched her set it up before Jasmine lit some incense and let it waft around them. It was pleasant, but the smoke stung her eyes and nostrils. “When I start the pendulum, you’ll stare at it as I speak to you, got it?”
Hayley nodded and waited for her to start the device. Jasmine moved the arm, and it began a rhythmic tick as it gently swung back and forth. Hayley stared at it, already feeling sleepy and somewhat entranced by its smooth sway and the beat clicking away in the silence of the room.
Silent except for Sasha’s incessant sighing as she stared out the window. She knew what was at stake here; Hayley’s memory had to be unlocked if they were to get out of this jam, but did the woman care? Probably not. Any chance she got, she’d try to kill Hayley again if she could. In the meantime, she was under their custody, and it irritated her even more.
She moved to leave the room, but a guard blocked her path. “I need to throw up. My stomach is not so good,” she told the guard. When he eyed her suspiciously, she gave him a shove. “Move or I’ll just throw up all over you. I’m pregnant, estupido!”
“Let her by,” Jasmine snapped, losing patience with the racket in the room. 
The guard stepped aside but followed Sasha as she made her way to the bathroom. It was a secure compound with bars everywhere. There would be no escaping this place tonight unless you had the keys to open the reinforced metal doors. Hayley hoped they wouldn’t be needing them any time soon.
“Hayley, the pendulum. Concentrate on it. Relax as you watch it move back and forth, listen to the beat.” Jasmine redirected her to the metronome, and Hayley let the woman’s voice soothe her fried nerves. Jasmine was a true healer, potent with her voice as well as her touch. The doctor reached out and caressed Hayley’s cheek as she disappeared into the beat, feeling like she was floating and no longer sitting down.
“Listen to the clicking. You’re lost in your head, searching for all you’ve known before. Let the beat show you where it all lies. Your past, your future. Who you are will return to you now. Feel my skin, warm, soft. It tells you of times you’ve loved, the men you’ve shared your bed with and given your body to. Let them caress your bosom, kiss your nipples and wet your insides with their tongues. Feel their caresses as you remember who you are. You know everything. It is all there. You just have to unlock it, Hayley. Let go. Swim a little inside your mind.”
Jasmine leaned forward. Hayley eyes were locked in a faraway gaze, her eyes glazed over and her mouth slightly parted. Jasmine kissed her lips, slowly sucking on her bottom lip before Hayley reciprocated and let her mouth invite Jasmine’s awaiting tongue. The women kissed while their hands lifted to each other’s bodies and caressed the womanly curves they both possessed. 
Hayley could no longer see Jasmine. She could no longer differentiate between her and what her mind replayed before her eyes, showing her all she ever had known and yet had forgotten completely.
“Hayley, take my hand.”
She peered up to find Alejandro kissing her nose and smiling down at her.
“Come on, preciosa. Don’t be afraid. I’m pretty harmless.”
He took her into his arms and pressed her generous breasts against his chest, his hardness greeting her thigh with an enthusiasm her body responded to. Warm wetness met her folds below, dampening her panties to fulfil the desire she felt raging through her body as she inhaled the very essence of Alejandro through her nose, taking in his scent and enjoying the feel of his heavenly body next to hers.
It was stifling hot against him, and she wanted to tear off his clothes.
“Alejandro, where are we?”
“In your dreams, where we always will roam. Happy, loving, and doing what we please.” He kissed her mouth hard, bruising her lips as he took her in, his tongue playing with hers, wrestling and twisting, hot and wet.
“I don’t ever want to leave here.”
“You don’t have to.”
He took her in his arms and lifted her up onto a ledge overlooking an expansive garden. He raised her dress and ripped off her panties.
“They’ll see us….” She panicked and darted her eyes about, positive they were not alone.
“There is no one here but you and me, mi amor.” He leaned in, tasting her pert nub. She gasped, the feel of his tongue sending shivers up her spine and out into the peaks of her breasts. Shivering, she widened her legs even more to give him better access. He pressed on, flicking his tongue across her clit and caressing her entrance with his fingers. He slid them in and out, spreading her wetness where he was going to fuck her senseless soon enough.
“Oh, baby, that feels so amazing… don’t stop!”
He didn’t plan to, and she knew it. He loved to suck her clit and lick her until she’d gone numb and desperate for him to give her all of him. His cock throbbed, pushing against his dress pants, begging for release. He’d get what he wanted. Hayley never could resist his advances and melted under his fingertips. She was the perfect woman for him: gorgeous, intelligent, and with an insatiable hunger for his sex. It helped that she was pregnant with their first child, a fact that made her absolutely irresistible to him.
“What of the girls, my love? Where did they go?”
“Shhh.” There would be time to discuss the girls later. She let her head roll back, her hair dangling down her back and grazing the crest of her buttocks. “Oh, god, Alejandro… please… I can’t….”
“You want me inside you?” He wasn’t really asking.
“Yes!”
He unzipped his pants and helped her down from the ledge, turning her around in a half pirouette and pressing her shoulders down to bend her over enough for him to enter her. He paused, letting his cock tease her entrance as she squirmed, begging for more.
“You love it when I fuck you, don’t you?”
“Yes. Please….”
“Hard or slow?”
“Hard. You know how I like it.”
He loved how she begged. Her whimpers ignited something in him no other girl had ever even come close to. He was going to fuck her hard all right. He was going to get her pregnant over and over again if they kept at it like they had. The thought of that made him want to explode all over her back already, but he sucked in a breath, closing his eyes as his tip edged along her folds, coating himself with her cum. 
“I love you, Alejandro. Please don’t make me wait. I need it.”
He pushed in, letting her envelope his cock, feeling hot and slick just for him. He pumped slowly at first, building up the momentum until he had a good rhythm going. He slammed against hers as she gripped the ledge to anchor her body against his.
“Yes, baby! Oh, yes….”
He pumped, letting her ass slam against his hips, loving the view. Her flesh was so creamy and smooth against his brown, rugged skin. He’d been out in the sun this summer, and he loved the contrast of their bodies. Like two perfect beings fusing together.
“You’re all that I want….”
He came inside her, feeling the ripple of orgasm stealing his breath away as his seed shot hot and quick inside of her. She sighed with bliss, leaning over the ledge for support. Her legs were weakened by the waves of orgasms Alejandro incited within her. He was the best fuck of her life.
“I love you.”
“Te quiero.”
“I want to be like this forever.”
“Me too.”
“But what of our children?”
The scene changed, and she sat with Alejandro at breakfast in the same Hacienda, one she hadn’t recalled until now. It was in northwestern Mexico, deep in the deserts of Sonora, surrounded by nothing but dirt and death. It was safe here. He’d grown up here.
“I will keep them with me.” Alejandro was unhappy, his lips tight and his jaw tense. “You cannot raise them there. I won’t allow it.”
“And if I refuse?”
His eyes met hers, but the love and lust that had once danced there was absent at this moment. Not because he didn’t love her but because the pain overshadowed the good in them.
“You won’t.”
“I won’t abandon them.”
“You didn’t.”
Hayley stared at her husband, Alejandro. He was her everything, but the dark SUVs were packed to the brim with her things, waiting to take her to the private airplane on a private and to the secluded airstrip of Alejandro’s. That plane would take her back to the US, where she’d just inherited her Aunt’s business. Madame of Las Vegas. Prostitution. Human and sex trafficking. It was what she’d grown up around and bred to one day command, to take the reins and lead the business. She was already primed for it. It was her family’s business. She could not turn her back on it. 
“And our children?”
“We’ll go get them. All in good time.”
Hayley felt there was something missing. Something she wanted to know and ask her mind. 
“And the girls? Where are they? The missing shipment?”
Alejandro’s face morphed into Sasha’s, who leaned in on her, reaching out to her, encircling her neck as she sat in Hayley’s lap before bending down to kiss her on the lips.
“The girls. They are here in Tijuana. Find Hector Carlos Artez. He’ll have the girls waiting for you. He’s been wondering what the hell happened to you.” 
Then Sasha reached up, a knife in hand, and as a faraway scream left Hayley’s throat, the woman slashed it over and over until her dress was crimson and her eyes dimmed to nothing.
Hayley gasped, waking up to find Jasmine and Alejandro staring down at her, their eyes full of morbid curiosity and the metronome no longer ticking away in the back recesses of her mind. That didn’t mean her heart wasn’t in her throat, racing and ready to have her jump and run away as fast as she possibly could.
But there was no running this time. No. This time, Madame H. was standing her ground and taking back what was rightfully hers to set free. She was ready to end it, now.
“I know where the girls are.”

Chapter Nine


“I know Hector,” Alejandro said with strong distaste. “He’s filthy. Scum.”
Alejandro and Jasmine stared at Hayley as she paced in front of the sofa, telling them of her hypnotic memories. She left out the more “sensitive” parts of the vision, but the way Jasmine watched her, with a little smirk on her face, Hayley felt she somehow knew. It made her feel naked even with all her clothes firmly buttoned on. Jasmine had peeled off the security blanket of her fugue, and now Hayley was exposed to all. Hayley cleared her throat, pausing before shrugging mechanically. She didn’t have a response, to any of it. Her life was far from making sense.
“It’s coming back to me like déjà vu; broken and not entirely real, but the memories are there.” She blinked and peered up at her two companions.
“Why are the girls here in Mexico?” Jasmine asked. “Your Saudi buyers were in Vegas for the transaction.”
Hayley glanced at Alejandro, surprised by how much Jasmine knew, but he too shrugged and motioned for her to continue. She was obviously more involved in his business affairs than he admitted. It made her wonder if they’d been lovers at some point. She looked away. If they had been, she didn’t want to know.
“I think… I know that there was someone working for me—against me, rather—within my operation. Someone who was trying to undermine me, to circumvent my channels. I don’t quite have it all there yet,” she said, pointing at her head, “but I know there was a reason I was hiding the shipment, like I was afraid of an ambush or something.”
Alejandro blew out a long breath. “Okay, mi querida, we’ve got a little figuring out to do.”
“What? We go to Hector, get the girls, and then—”
“Yes? And then what?” Alejandro asked. “We smuggle them back into the US, give them to the Saudis, and hope that they don’t still kill you?”
“I won’t give them to the Saudis. I won’t give them to anyone,” Hayley said, with both defiance and defeat in her voice. Tears began forming and falling down her face. “Jesus, Alejandro, what the hell am I going to do?”
“Free the women and turn yourself over to the Saudis,” a cold female voice said from across the room.
Hayley had not realized Sasha was there, staring at them silently, hearing every word.
“It is the only way justice will be done,” she continued. Her face was cold and hard, merciless and unflinching. Just looking at her made Hayley shudder.
“Shut your mouth, mujer,” Alejandro snapped at her. “You are lucky to still be alive.”
“No, Alejandro. Don’t,” Hayley silenced him, and though tears streamed freely down her face now, she nodded to Sasha. “She’s right, Alejandro. It is the only right thing to do. I have imprisoned them; I have raped their innocence and stolen their freedom.”
“We will set them free, Hayley. We will make sure they are safe.”
“No. Setting them free is not enough. Those men will continue to hunt for me, and that hunt will bring them to you and to our children.” Hayley stared at Alejandro with frightened eyes. “They will kill us all.”
“Hayley,” Jasmine tried to interject, but Hayley shook her head fiercely.
“You know it’s true. They’ll kill everyone. But if I give myself to them, maybe….”
“This is ridiculous!” Alejandro scoffed. He stood and held Hayley with both hands. “I have waited so long to find this you again, I will not watch as you kill yourself.”
Hayley watched him as he gazed at her. There was so much in those rich, dark eyes. There were years of emotion there, in fact, and in that moment Hayley knew that he still loved her. And she also knew that because of his love for her, his judgement would be off. She knew what she would have to do to keep him safe, to keep her children safe, but she also knew that he would never let her. So, when the time came….
“Alright, Alejandro, we’ll think of something,” she told him, trying to convey earnestness in her voice and in her eyes. “First things first, we have to get the girls. They could be in real trouble if Hector is a scumbag like you say.”
Alejandro frowned then nodded. He pulled out his phone and drifted away from her. Hayley glanced at Jasmine, who was watching her quietly. Hayley knew she was a smart woman, and she knew that Jasmine didn’t trust her. The dark-haired medic was analyzing her every move.
“Hey, puta.”
Hayley turned to face Sasha then immediately regretted responding to the nasty name she had been called. “What is it, Sasha?”
“Have you heard of a man named Jay?”

***

“Tijuana,” Jay muttered. He knew where he was just by the smell. It reeked like shit. He hated this place. He was in a room with no air conditioning, a single small bed with some threadbare sheets, and a bucket set against the wall for him to piss into. He’d been in the room for two days, a fact he knew only from the cycle of the sun outside the small, block glass window. The first day he’d yelled and threatened until his voice was hoarse but had gotten no response from the guards who stood outside his door. They never spoke, to him or each other, but he knew they were there by the shuffling of their feet every few hours.
Jay rolled off the bed and groaned as he did so, immediately regretting putting pressure on his shoulder and his wounded ass. Yesterday he’d been determined to break down the door to his “cell” but only succeeded in injuring himself. That and the healing gunshot wound he’d gotten from Alejandro’s man had left him feeling like meat through a grinder. Weak from exhaustion and dehydration, he hadn’t been fed or given anything to drink since he’d been brought here. Jay walked over to the bucket and let a few drops of urine leak from his body. He sighed and rubbed the back of his head. It was still very tender where he’d been struck by a rifle stock.
“Well, I didn’t see this coming,” he said to the stifling hot room. A month ago he’d been rolling in money and women. And now this. And now he was going to die, locked up in what was probably a little shack somewhere in the filthy streets of Tijuana.
“That Alejandro is a cruel motherfucker,” he mumbled. He wished the Mexican had just put a bullet in his head. At least then it would be over. He could’ve died like a man, in battle. “Now I’m going to die of heatstroke or dehydration.”
He paced the room in a slow, languid limp. He didn’t have the energy for much more than that. He thought about Sasha and about his son, his prince, that she was carrying. He’d never see them again, not now. He wasn’t sad, exactly, but disappointed. He’d had big plans to rule once Madame H. had been taken down. But that was all fucked up, and it was partly Damian’s and partly his own fault for not delivering her when he had the chance. 
A son of his own; what a thought. The things he could have taught him, traveling the world, making new connections, and finally passing his legacy on. “But that isn’t going to happen… because I’m stuck”—his voice rose a little—“in this room”—his voice rose even louder, to a shout—“in this fucking shit hole!”
His strength gave out with his voice, and Jay slumped down next to the bed, landing hard on his tailbone and wincing. Then someone knocked on the door, seven times, to the happy tune of “Shave and a Haircut.” It was so ridiculously cheerful that Jay thought he had imagined it, an auditory hallucination brought on by days of high heat and dehydration. But then it came again: rap-raprap-rap-rap…rap-rap. Still confused, Jay pulled his body off the floor and walked over to the door. He stared at the steel door for a few moments then reached down and turned the knob. It turned in his hand, and he yanked it open with a good, hard jerk, shocked. Before him stood the obscene sight of Alejandro smiling at him.
“Good afternoon, Jay,” Alejandro said, his voice deep but cheerful.
Jay’s face was blank. “What the fuck are you doing here?”
Alejandro chuckled. “Good to see you too, Jay. How’s your backside?” Alejandro nodded to someone that Jay couldn’t see, and he was handed a plate of food. It was piled high with fresh-from-the-grill food: rice, two burritos, and a heaping of beans and cheese. His stomach rumbled loudly enough for everyone to hear.
“May I come in, Jay?” Alejandro asked, not waiting for an answer as he stepped into the tiny cell. It was a ridiculous question, but Jay was still dumbfounded, so he could do nothing more than back up to allow Alejandro to enter. The Mexican man was dressed in a light khaki linen suit, perfect for the high temperatures. He walked past Jay without another word and turned his back to him to place the plate of food on Jay’s bed. Then Alejandro motioned for Jay to sit.
 Jay hesitated, out of sheer confusion, but the prospect of a meal won over his suspicions, and he sat immediately. Alejandro still smiled at him. The man’s dark face was heavily bruised from their fight, and one of his eyes drooped a little. He waved toward the door, and a young man in a casual outfit with a pistol at his waist came in with a bottle of water and handed it to Jay.
He had never eaten a better meal, and by the time he was scraping the last bits of rice from his plate, Jay was feeling groggy from fullness, and his stomach was sloshing. He hoped to God he didn’t puke. Alejandro watched him the whole time he ate, which was only about five minutes. Jay’s mental faculties were returning to him. What a difference a little nourishment made.
“So, why aren’t I dead?” Jay asked him.
Alejandro’s eyes narrowed as he beamed at Jay’s obvious satisfaction over the food. 
“You like my cooking? I made that.”
Jay didn’t answer the question, instead wiping his mouth as he glared at his opponent. “What do you want?
“I have a suspicion that I might be able to help you.”
Jay scoffed. “Help me? As in how?”
“To get all you desire, and more.”
Jay couldn’t believe it. The guy was a whack job if he’d ever seen one. Even though his face was healing well, it was still hard to read Alejandro. The guy was a pro at hiding his true emotions, and Jay didn’t like that. He was apt at getting info on the enemy with little effort, but not this guy. He’d been completely taken aback by his relationship with Hayley. Hell, maybe Hayley was behind the door having the last laugh as her lover questioned him.
“Where the fuck is Hayley?”
“Hayley doesn’t matter. Not in this conversation.”
“Bullshit.”
“Why would I lie to you?”
“Because everything and everyone revolves around Hayley. You know it, I know it. Don’t drop this load of crap in my lap and expect me to digest it with joy. She’s got something everyone wants, and the one who gets it is going to be the one who comes out on top. There’s nothing you can do to stop me from getting what I want from her, and I suggest you stop trying to stop me.”
A flicker of emotion flashed behind Alejandro’s stoic façade, but he wiped it away with a genuine smile that even reached to his dark eyes. “You’re not that smart, are you, gringo?”
“Fuck you.”
“I’m not here to do that. I am here to make you a deal.”
Jay pressed his mouth tight, biting into his lip until the taint of blood swirled across his tongue. He was done trying to make deals. Vincent was probably lying dead in a pool of his own blood out by Alejandro’s hacienda. Anyone who crossed Jay and was foolish enough to think they could take him out always ended up dead. Even though he technically had nothing against Alejandro, besides that he was stuck in a prison due to the guy, he just wanted to get the hell out of there. They’d evened up whatever bad blood lay between them. They had both fought to near death, and there was nothing but respect toward one another after that.
“I’m listening,” he muttered. Whatever the mojado had to say was better than nothing.
“What’s Sasha got to do with you?” Alejandro asked but didn’t wait for Jay to answer. 
“I know she’s your prize. She asked about you, you know? I propose that if you take her away from here and promise to never seek out Hayley and any of this business again, you may go. But first, what is Sasha to you? I want to hear it from the horse’s mouth.”
Jay’s eyes widened like bright moons draining the light from the stars. “How do you know about Sasha? Where is she?”
“All in good time, cabrone. Tell me, did she promise you forever? Did she press her generous chest on you as you whispered sweet nothings? Did she tell you she was having your child? Would she ever die for you? Would you for her?”
“Give her to me, or you’ll be sorry. Don’t push me, Alejandro.”
They eyed each other, sizing one another up in the dim light of the cell. If Jay wasn’t so weak, he’d have jumped up to rip the Mexican’s head off.
“I don’t have to push. The rest always falls away.”
Jay swallowed. “If you hurt her….”
“That was never in the plans.”
Jay let out a breath of relief and settled back. Well, that did put things into perspective, didn't it? What the hell did this cartel boss want? “Then what are the plans?”
“I asked you a set of questions. I want the answers first. Then you can get yours.”
Jay frowned. Divulging personal information wasn’t his thing. He thrived because no one knew the real, deep down, dark Jay. No way was this brute going to know it all either. No one had all the pieces of Jay. He’d give just a taste and see if it satisfied Alejandro.
“Sasha is my wife. She’s going to have my baby. I need to protect her.”
“Would you die for her?”
Jay scowled. The guy was an idiot. “Of course.”
“Would she for you?”
Jay paused, thinking back to when he and Sasha were together. She’d done him good, kept him more than satisfied to the point he needed her more than she needed him. He’d been addicted, a junkie for her love. He’d had to get a hit of her so often, he’d slipped and gotten her pregnant. What an amateur, rookie mistake. Never get a girl knocked up, even one as sexy as Sasha.
“I’m sure she would die for me.”
Alejandro smirked, his smile stretching his cheeks up to meet his bottom eyelids. His teeth were damaged, chipped from getting the beating of his life, but Jay was sure the guy had the best dentist this side of the border.
“I’ll take her away from all this. I swear it. I’ll never look back. I just have one request.”
“What’s that, güero?”
“I need to ask Hayley what I mean to her.”
Alejandro lifted an eyebrow, genuinely interested and baffled at the same time. “Why would you request that? She’s nothing to you.”
“I need to ask her that myself.”
The Mexican snorted and shook his head before heading out the cell and letting his guards lock the door behind him.
“You’ll see Hayley one last time, gringo. Make it count.”



Chapter Ten


Hayley eyed the expanse of rooftops cluttered with laundry dangling from wires. These shanties were the dregs of the city. This place was a shithole. Why anyone would vacation here was incomprehensible. There was nothing here but severe poverty. It was a tourist trap where the locals were encouraged to peddle their cheaply made wares just for the Ameri-quekis, a slang name they called them and American-born Hispanics attempting to translate for them. No manners whatsoever. She cringed at the derogatory slang terms used to describe her back when she’d walked these streets. She’d been here before. She remembered it now.
She’d come here years ago, after she’d left Alejandro in the hacienda to meet some contacts who were part of her late aunt’s business circle. There were reasons to visit this slum, and one of them was to tighten her hold on the business and set herself up as reigning queen of the trafficking circle before anyone else dared to step in. Her grip had to be iron fast, so Hayley had made her way through the tourist district of Tijuana then up the staircase leading to the second floor offices above one of the rotting city’s many seedy clubs. Her stomach churned as she remembered her contact insisting that she give him a blowjob to prove her trustworthiness. At the time it has seemed worth it, but the memory of the taste of the guy’s cock made her want to puke even now.
The things she’d done for power. For money. She was disgusted with herself more now than ever.
Jasmine’s hypnotism had worked well. Too well. The rush of her life’s work had already made her lose her lunch twice, and a third time was threatening to seize her stomach. She needed something to distract herself, and she needed it soon. It’d been over a week since they’d been attacked and nearly killed. Her body had healed well, and all the wounds had scabbed over, peeling away to show the bright, fresh skin beneath. Even Alejandro had his gorgeous smile restored, with crowns that shined like nothing had happened. She had a chipped tooth in the back of her mouth, but she let the sharpness of it cut her cheek and bleed to remind her of all her evil deeds.
Pain was the only reality, she decided. It reminded her that she was still only human and made mistakes. It reminded her that she had a lot to answer for, and bleeding was nothing compared to what she deserved.
“Hayley?”
She turned to find Alejandro watching her. The bruises under his eyes and across his chin had faded to an unsightly yellow, making him look paler than he really was. His smile warmed her insides, where she hadn’t been aware icicles were forming. Her frosty thoughts had left her shivering even though it was hot outside on the balcony of the mansion Alejandro owned on the hilltops above the slums of Tijuana.
“Yes?”
“Are you ready to go?”
She nodded. They were going to meet up with Hector Carlos Artez, her contact for the missing shipment of girls. Seeing him again was the last thing she wanted to do, but luckily, with Alejandro at her side, he wouldn’t be trying to get her to do anything vulgar this time around. Alejandro would shoot him the moment he tried anything, and for that, she was eternally grateful. 
“Alejandro?” She waited on the balcony, beckoning him to come closer.
He paused, trying to gauge what was going through her mind. His eyes raked down her body and back to her face, an inquisitive look on his own. “Yes, mi amor?”
She motioned him closer and he stepped forward until his body was inches from her. She reached out to touch his tender cheek, still discolored and fractured beneath the skin. It’d been puffy and angry a week ago, but now it had flattened out, and the color was the only thing betraying the pain of their ordeals.
“Kiss me.”
There was nothing he would not do for her. She could see that now. Why had she ever left? When had power and money become more necessary than love? How had she severed this for so little? She wanted to turn back the years to find that moment and see for herself the whys and the hows of it all. All the reasons why.
His lips pressed against hers, hungry, wanting, needy. Hers responded with as much, if not more. She craved him, and all the memories bled out like fresh wounds in the back of her mind. Tears spilled down her cheeks.
“Niñita, why are you crying?” Alejandro cupped her cheeks, pushing the drops off her skin.
“Why did I leave? It wasn’t worth it. None of it. Why did I do such a vile thing?”
“You had your reasons.”
“They weren’t good enough.”
His eyes darkened with sadness, but his lips pressed tight. “You did what you needed to do. It didn’t work out. Not all things in life go the way you want. It’s a hard lesson, but that’s the way things are. Now, let's go talk to Hector and get the shipment back. Then you decide what you need to do next. Got it?”
She nodded, squeezing her eyes shut. The last of the tears slid down her cheeks, and she felt Alejandro push a tissue into her hand. 
“No, preciosa, wipe your face, fix your makeup, and you remember who you are. Hector can see all weaknesses. Don’t give him any ammunition. ¿Comprende?”
Hayley again nodded, blinking away the sting in her eyes. She had a bad feeling about all this. Hector, the shipment… things didn’t make sense to her.
“And after all that? After we free the girls, what then? How do I fix anything? How do I get rid of the Saudis?”
Alejandro straightened and stared out toward the city, where the sounds of people shouting and the mixed smells of food and foul sewers permeated the air. The late afternoon kept the heat sitting on the town, letting it all fester.
“Afterward, have no doubt; we’ll be killing them all.”
Hayley swallowed the rock forming in her dry throat. She needed water. It was dry here, but she was sweating now. “And when we kill them all? What’s after that?”
Alejandro’s charming smile returned, and the warmth of it settled her nerves a bit.
“We’ll get there. No rush, Hayley. One breath at a time.”



Chapter Eleven


Hector’s offices sat above a nightclub which was silent during the daylight hours. They weren’t really offices but back rooms stacked with papers, an older model computer, and an ancient metal desk probably discarded sometime in the late sixties but placed here as the sole desk in the room. The creaky old metal chairs they sat in were uncomfortable as was the aroma of food constantly wafting in from the restaurant that occupied the rest of the second floor.
Only gringos and lost tourists coaxed into eating and herded up the stairs were present in the eating area, chomping on questionable tacos and drinking tequila shots because the water was unreliable. It was open to the outside air, and the lack of breeze was only slightly eased by the constantly spinning blades of the fans spread across the ceiling.
There was no fan inside the office, but a small air conditioning unit on its last leg, hummed as it clicked on every now and then and spit out slightly less warm air. 
The place was stifling, and Hayley’s clothes were already sticking to her back and chest. She wore a low-cut white and brown sundress with low, two-inch white heels. Sitting as straight as she could manage, she felt the sweat drip down her back and swallowed back her nervous energy. Alejandro sat next to her, seemingly relaxed in his dark grey slacks, dark boots, and light blue button-up shirt. He looked like he was watching a play or a movie, so nonchalant there wasn’t a bead of sweat on his face. 
He had a way of being intimidating yet quite composed under pressure, like a panther about to pounce on its prey. It was stunning, yet she knew it was all a front to dig into Hector.
Hector sat on an equally uncomfortable metal chair and held a pen between his large, tanned hands. He flicked his eyes back and forth between Hayley and Alejandro, scrutinizing each one without holding back. He didn’t care what they thought of his obvious suspicion; they were in his territory, and two of his men were standing just outside the doorframe with their guns in view just in case someone decided to object.
Great.
“What exactly is the problem, Hector?” Hayley asked, keeping her voice calm and steady. “You have my shipment, and I am here to collect.”
“Mm-hm,” Hector mumbled, tapping the pen on the desk.
“Mm-hm, what? Hector, really, it’s hot as balls in here, and I need to get my merchandise moved.”
Hector’s gaze moved to Alejandro. “Alejandro, it has been many years.”
Alejandro nodded.
“Why are you here?”
“Doesn’t matter why I’m here, Hector. Let’s get our business done.”
Hector slapped the pen down on the desk, and a broad smile stretched out over his thick lips. “What happened to your compadre?”
Hayley saw Alejandro’s face darken, and she leaned forward. “Enough of this, Hector,” she said, raising her voice. “Where the hell are my girls?”
Hector sighed as if he was bored with her, another typical outward projection of his confidence, meant to frustrate and intimidate them, but Hayley wasn’t intimidated. She was getting pissed, and she dug her fingernails into her palms as her hands balled into fists.
“You’ve left them with me for over a month, Madame. I need to be compensated for my extra expenses.”
Alejandro slipped a hand into his jacket pocket and withdrew a large fold of American money. “¿Plata? That should cover your ‘expenses.’”
All this posturing, all this bullshit. Jesus, she was sick of it. Hayley felt ready to snap. Her face was starting to ooze sweat, and her dress was thoroughly plastered to her body. Finally, Hector stood and picked up the large fold of money. His large hands briefly thumbed through the money before stuffing it into his pants pocket. His rotund belly hung over the desk. He moved with such deliberate slowness, and just watching him purposefully take as long as he could was driving Hayley nuts.
“All right then, Madame, you can get these bitches off my hands.”
Her teeth ground a little, but Hayley stood as well, with a curt smile on her face. She followed behind Hector as he led them down through the nightclub and into the musty basement of the building. It wasn’t a basement like she’d had in the states; the foundation of this building was just large stones mortared together. The walls leaked water and whatever else from the outside environment, and a layer of moss grew over the walls. They walked through a narrow hallway until a steel door appeared on the right. Hector fished a key out of his pocket and turned it in the handle then pushed the heavy door open.
As the yellow light from the basement crept into the otherwise black room, Hayley saw scared, filthy faces. The girls were backed against the far side of the room, pressing themselves into the wall and away from Hector as he moved his bulk inside. One of his men handed him a flashlight, and he shined it over the women. There were eleven of them. They were all naked and thin, cowering together. The room held only a toilet and a handful of blankets which had been spread over the floor. Hayley could see that Hector had endured major expenses taking care of the women. They looked like they hadn’t eaten a real meal in weeks.
All because of me, Hayley reminded herself and had to fight down tears. Those tears were replaced with anger.
“Let’s load them up,” Alejandro said from over her shoulder, his voice as cold as her insides felt. Hayley nodded, watching the blank faces of the women. They were so scared that they looked beyond emotion.
“Can I see that?” she asked Hector, motioning to his flashlight. He nodded and slapped the heavy Maglite into her palm.
She swept the beam briefly over the women before the animal inside her awoke once more, and this time it would not be silenced. With a burst of rage, Hayley pirouetted on one foot and swung the flashlight around and up at Hector. His face lit up with surprise just before the steel Maglite smashed into his chin. The impact shattered the flashlight’s head, but the three big D cell batteries inside held tight in their casing, and Hayley drew back her bludgeon and hit Hector again. The man’s face crunched a little, and he went down hard, blood pouring out of his mouth and nose. Hayley spun toward the door where Alejandro was wrestling with one of Hector's guards. They had stripped him and Hayley of weapons when they’d arrived, and Hayley didn’t know if Alejandro was completely back up to speed after his encounter with Jay. Thankfully it didn't matter.
The second guard burst into the room with his gun drawn and pointed it at Alejandro. But Hayley was only a step away, and she brought her flashlight down on the man’s wrist, hearing a crack as the bones broke, and the gun fell clattering to the floor. She dove for the gun then picked it up and held it up against the head of the man struggling with Alejandro. The guard stopped fighting and raised his hands. The man whose wrist she had just broken was in a ball on the floor, whimpering. Alejandro backed away from the man, who held his hands above his head.
“Did you have any part of it?” Hayley asked coldly, her finger twitching on the trigger. “Did you help abuse these women?” The man said nothing, but his eyes widened.
“Every day,” a small female voice said from behind her. “Every day they rape us and beat us.”
“Hayley—” Alejandro began, but she pulled the trigger anyway.
Alejandro did not speak to her on the way back to his home in Mexico. He was pissed. Hayley understood that, but she didn’t feel bad, didn’t feel remorse. Hector had been eliminated, and if it were up to her, every man like him on the planet would suffer the same fate. 
They were in a shitty brown Econoline Ex van with small, oval-shaped windows letting only a sparse amount of light into the back cargo compartment, which was packed with partially covered women. Hayley had searched through the nightclub but found nothing but aprons and towels for the women to cover themselves with. After all they’d been through, offering them something, any kind of bit of modesty, seemed mandatory. Alejandro backed into his driveway, and Jasmine came out of the house to meet them. She opened the back of the van and ushered the women out and into the house. They didn’t seem any less terrified. Of course not, being shuttled around like cattle, and now into yet another strange place where god knows what might happen to them.
“Jasmine, please get them showered and fed,” Alejandro said, but Jasmine had already waved him off and was showing the women into the house.
Alejandro put out an arm and stopped Hayley as she was trying to pass him. She glared at him then saw the worry in his eyes, and her gaze softened.
“Ale, I’m… I’m sorry for all the trouble. I just….”
“I don’t have women’s clothing. Just some fatigues, but those will be better than nothing. And they cannot come to the States with us. Even with the best fake-ID man in Mexico, we could never pull it off.”
Hayley’s eyes dropped. “What will they do then?”
“I will try to find them work and temporary housing until they are ready to leave on their own. I’m afraid I can’t do more for them. Mexico is not a forgiving place, especially for young women.”
Hayley nodded and thought about Sasha, the spicy Mexican seductress who had tried to assassinate her. She too had grown up in Mexico, emotionally and physically abused. And now? Now she was a vengeful shell of a woman. Hayley hated to think of anyone growing up like that.
“And what will we do with Sasha?” Hayley asked. “She’s chilled out a little, but I’m sure she’d jump at the first chance to kill me… or both of us.”
“Sasha is a whole other matter, one I’ve been meaning to speak to you about.”
Hayley and Alejandro began walking toward the house. She was glad he was speaking to her again, but the mysterious tone in his voice when he mentioned Sasha had Hayley worried. She started at Alejandro, waiting for him to continue.
Alejandro cleared his throat. “Well, Jay is still alive, and he is here in Mexico.”
Hayley’s heart dropped at the same time her stomach was doing a flip.


Chapter Twelve


Sasha heard the garage beginning to open and paused for a second. There was a grunt beneath her, coming from the guard she was on top of. He was one of Alejandro’s men. Of the many, this one had been left behind to supervise her, but it had not taken Sasha even two hours to get his pants off and him beneath her. Slowly she started moving again on top of the man.
He was loving it, letting her rock her hips and jiggle her ample breasts in his face. Hunger flashed through his eyes as he widened them, taking all of her womanly curves in like he’d never been fed such sexual gratification before. Men were so easy to tame, and it was worth the small disgust it threw into the back of her mind.
All men were malleable, yet none could be trusted.
“You like fucking this pussy, don’t you, mollato?”
“Ay, sí….” Alejandro’s guard was pathetic. He couldn’t think with his dick shoved deep inside, sliding in and out as her legs flexed and her body responded to the motions. It was good, yes, but nothing compared to what she had planned next. It wasn’t so much the act of sex that thrilled Sasha, it was the violence, the adrenaline, and the treachery behind the act. She was a sadist as much as a masochist, living for the thrill of watching the light fade from a man’s eyes. It was an odd need she couldn’t put a finger on. The call to snuff out the life between her legs was urgent, demanding, and whispered in her ears like a siren’s call she could not deny.
She leaned forward, sliding her hands up to the man’s neck. Beneath his neck, there was already a rope made from the sheet she’d ripped and braided tautly. She casually draped it over his neck, weaving it under his head without his notice as she jerked her hips harder and his eyes rolled back into his head with a groan of infinite pleasure. He was oblivious to his plight as she slowly tightened the braided rope more and more. 
When it was secure enough, she quietly pulled the loose end tighter. The other end of the rope was knotted to the leg of the metal bed which was bolted to the cement floor. Such stupidity would cost this idiot guard his life. And as he was near cumming inside her, sweaty and dreamy eyed as she rocked harder, she gave the rope a final hard tug and wrapped it around her arm, bending back and straightening so she would be out of the man’s grasp as his arms began to flail, reaching for his throat.
The gurgling sound that followed was less than tasteful, but Sasha closed her eyes and let the pleasure of the guard’s body bucking beneath her stifle the noise of his death. His arms flailed, his mind unable to focus. His nails raked some of her skin on the way down, but she welcomed the pain, relishing how centered it made her feel. Pain was life. Life was nothing but an endless amount of emotional agony, but physical pain, that was something real. Something solid she could grasp onto without too much effort. It anchored the madness in her head whether she’d admit to it or not.
“Shh, cabron, you’ll meet your maker soon enough. You don’t want to be remembered as a woman, screaming and wailing, do you? Shhh. Screaming is for birthing, not for men of your caliber.” She laughed, a haughty sound that echoed out of her chest but didn’t travel far. She didn’t want to draw any attention. A chuckle would suffice as his suffering ended and her orgasm rippled through her body.
The man beneath her quieted, his last attempts at fighting ebbing away as the light dulled, glazing over his dark, nearly black irises.
“That was good, hombre. Muy bueno.”
She tossed the rope to one side and jumped off the now flaccid guard. She shook her head, already feeling the draining effects of their tryst. She sighed, reaching down to rub her now rounded stomach. She couldn’t be sure how far along she was, but it had to be around four to five months. A small movement responded to her touch, causing her to pause and pull her hand away. Pregnancy was a real thing too, but it felt no more real than an existence free of pain and suffering.
She rolled her shoulders, an ache overtaking her muscles she’d never known before. She really was getting tired of using her body to get her out of messes. The life within was demanding and sucked the energy from her muscles without effort. 
Brushing the troubled thoughts away, she dressed in the dull grey shirt and sweatpants she’d been given to wear while held prisoner here. None of the clothes fit around her slightly bulging waist, and it was less than flattering. Nevertheless, they were comfortable and clean.
It was odd that they fed her and clothed her well here. There’d been no rape. It’d been her own conscious choice to seduce the guard and escape. The entire situation, with the Madame now calling herself just Hayley and Alejandro’s presence, was puzzling. 
Doors were opening and closing outside now, and she heard voices coming from the garage, which was just on the other side of her bedroom wall. With no security to watch her, Sasha slunk out of her room. Four long strides pressed close to the wall and she was in the kitchen. The door between the garage and the house opened. They couldn’t see her yet; the kitchen was around the corner, hidden from view. Quietly, she pulled open the first drawer she came across, and a large smile snuck onto her face. It was the cutlery drawer, and Sasha withdrew a long carving knife, the kind with a shiny, serrated edge.
People were walking through the hall. Sasha crouched down, waiting and watching, ready to strike as soon as the Madame or Alejandro came into view. But it wasn’t either of them that she saw; it was a ragged line of even more ragged women. As Sasha watched, hidden behind the wall, she counted eleven women, all walking in through the living room toward the bedrooms in the opposite wing of the house. These were the missing women everyone had been talking about. They had found them.
Watching the women filled Sasha with a great unease and uncertainty. She remembered being one of those women, brown, thin, pretty, and abused. They were treated like fucking cattle by every man they met, and even some women too, like the notorious Madame H. So what were they doing here? Going to be reprocessed and repackaged for sale in the US? Had to have them pretty, otherwise the rich white guys might not want them. Or worse, their ragged condition might evoke a little sympathy or guilt, something no paying customer wants to feel. Then Jasmine, the dark-haired, dark-skinned doctor filed in behind the women.
“Okay ladies,” Jasmine said, “there is plenty of water for everyone, so take your time in the showers. Just remember to take turns. And you’re welcome to use any of the bedrooms in this wing, but you’ll have to bunk together for the night. We’ll get some food once you’re dressed.”
It was strange; the doctor was speaking to the women like regular people. She wasn’t giving them orders. In fact, she was giving them options. Again, Sasha was filled with uncertainty, but she gritted her teeth and made up her mind. It was now or never. Time to attack.
She moved with the quiet ease of a panther, sprinting across the eighty feet of living area to where Jasmine was. When she was only a couple of feet away, she launched herself in the air, bringing the stolen carving knife up over her head, aiming for a fatal blow into Jasmine’s neck.
Only it didn’t happen. Just before her knife hit, Jasmine spun, leaning back and away from Sasha while one foot snapped around. The powerful roundhouse kick caught Sasha right in the chin. Her head snapped back, and she crumpled onto the floor, dropping the knife as she fell. Jasmine walked up and stood over her, thinking she had defeated Sasha. But Sasha wasn’t done yet, and she launched herself up, delivering a punishing blow to Jasmine’s crotch.
“¡Puta!” Sasha cursed as Jasmine avoided her hit, grabbing her wrist and giving it a twist behind her back, holding the tall, curvy girl in place and pushing painfully at her arm. “¡Suéltame! Let me go!”
“You need to calm down. We are not the enemy. Not anymore.” Jasmine tightened her grip while Sasha struggled. Jasmine put a knee into the back of Sasha’s leg, and she fell to the ground, forced into a kneeling position with her back to Jasmine. She heard footsteps approaching over the carpet.
Another person stepped in front of them and calmly said her name. “Sasha.”
She stopped her attempt to escaping and stared hard in disbelief at the one man she never thought she’d see again.
“Jay… no puede ser.”
Jay smiled, his strong American face lighting up as he looked down at her. “I am here, my love,” he said and held a hand down to her.
Sasha looked from Jay to Jasmine and back again. Her arm was on fire, burning as the muscles stretched and the tendons tried desperately to hold on while Jasmine did her best to rip them out. Then she relaxed, and the tension from Jasmine’s grip instantly eased. She took Jay’s hand, and he helped her up slowly.
“What is happening here, Jay?” she asked a little breathlessly. She was torn between excitement and exertion, anger and confusion. More footsteps, and she turned to see Alejandro and Madame H. come into the room. Alejandro held a pistol at his side.
“We are at a very dangerous intersection here, senorita, that’s what’s happening,” Alejandro said. He looked to Madame H.
“We have some decisions to make,” Madame H. said.
Sasha sneered at her, but Jay guided her away, to the kitchen area. Jay sat atop one of the three barstools. Madame H. and Alejandro stood on the other side of the kitchen peninsula, six feet from Jay, as if they wanted to keep a barrier between them. Jasmine stood at the end of the long granite peninsula. She cradled a short, snub-nosed weapon in her arms.
“What do you want from me?” Sasha asked. She stood next to Jay but did not sit; there was still far too much energy racing through her for that.
“We don’t want anything from you,” Madame H. said. “We want to be left in peace.”
Sasha snorted.
“I know you have suffered, and I know it’s my doing, but I cannot change that now,” the Madame continued.
Sasha flinched a little as Jay touched her hand. She glanced down to see him looking at her. She forced a smile and took his hand.
“What can I do to help you?” H. asked.
“I don’t want anything from you,” she spat back.
“Then what can we do to make you go away?” Alejandro interjected abruptly. H. glared up at him, but he shrugged and looked at Sasha expectantly.
Sasha was silent. She hadn’t thought about what was next. Her only goal after her imprisonment had been H.’s demise.
“What did you want when you first bought your way into America?” H. asked.
They were all staring at her now.
“I wanted freedom. I wanted to be done with this life and this place.” She gestured around her.
“What life?” Jay asked.
“Fucking for money,” she replied bluntly. “Or,” she added, “fucking for nothing.”
Jay flinched a little. “What about for love?”
Sasha shrugged a little. “I don’t know what that is.”
Jay reached up and covered her hand with his other one. “I love you, Sasha. That’s what that is.”
Sasha nodded but remembered the months being locked away in Damian’s cell, Jay coming down to fuck her brains out whenever he wanted. She remembered his thick white cock slipping down her throat while she was locked in a dungeon. He had used her just like every other man. Maybe he fell for her too, if men like Jay were capable of such things. She suspected he was just obsessed with her though. Then again, he had married her, a forced informal ceremony with an officiant for hire no doubt blackmailed or coerced into service at gunpoint.
She rubbed a hand over her belly unconsciously. Jay placed one hand over her belly as well. It was his baby… or was it? She didn’t know. She had been pumped full of so much cum, it could be anyone’s at this point.
“So what do you want, then?” Alejandro said.
Sasha felt a sense of unreality settling over her. Madame H. and Alejandro in the kitchen across from her, Jay next to her, his hand on her belly, the life inside her. She wasn’t in chains or zip ties, she wasn’t locked up. But was she free? The baby within her moved. No, she wasn’t truly free, was she? She was in a different kind of service now, one she hadn’t paid much attention to or given any thought to. She was now in the service of her child.
“I want… I want me and my baby to be free. In America. No strings.” She looked over at Jay, who was still looking at her adoringly.
“But you still want to be with me, right?” he asked.
Sasha looked from him to H., who said nothing but raised her eyebrows.
She didn’t know.


Chapter Thirteen


Hayley paced the floor of the safe house, wringing her hands and cursing quietly every few steps. Back and forth she went until her feet hurt and she slid onto the couch, defeated.
“How much longer are we waiting here? I need to get back stateside and finish this mess with the Saudis. I need it to be over.”
“Un momento, preciosa. You haven’t talked to Jay. When he’s done making up with the girl, he’ll be answering a lot of your questions. I doubt he wants to return to the side of the Saudis. In fact, I probably should have had him killed if not for your and Sasha’s interest in him. If she lacks the motivation to keep him wrangled, I’ll take care of the gringo.”
“No, wait. Okay. Look, let’s just talk to him and see if he can help us. I don’t want to off anyone anymore. Please. Just don’t.”
Alejandro smiled, scoffing a bit as he lit a cigarette and blew the smoke out the open window. “I never thought I’d hear you plead for mercy, Hayley. It doesn’t become you.”
“I’m not the person you once knew, Alejandro. That woman is long dead. The things I’ve seen, the things I know now, well, let’s just say there’s a lot more to everything and everyone than I ever knew possible. Even Jay.”
“This Jay… what is he to you?”
Hayley swallowed hard, glancing at Alejandro and come up with the right words before they were interrupted by a person walking into the room.
Jay.
“Hayley.” Jay held out his arms, and she walked to him and stopped before falling into the hug. She didn’t fail to notice the sting in Alejandro’s eyes as he moved his gaze from them back to the window, once more inhaling the cigarette smoke, and then dropping it to the floor and crushing it with his shoe. He looked far from happy as he turned toward them.
“I’ll leave you both to chat. I have some things to attend to.”
“Wait.” Hayley stepped forward but stopped as Jay tugged on her arm.
“Let him go. You heard him, he’s busy.”
“But….” Hayley groaned and stepped toward the sofa, sliding back into her old, well-used seat and sighing as Jay took the seat next to her. “Why does everything have to be so complicated?”
“Life would be quite dull if it wasn’t, right?”
She nodded, rubbing her forehead before turning toward Jay. “So what’s going on? What does all this make us?”
Jay leaned back. “This isn’t what I pictured in the end, but I guess, for once, I feel pretty safe, and I’m sure you do too.”
Hayley studied Jay’s features, taking in every detail: the small scars lining his lips, a fading black eye, his gorgeous, dark brown eyes gleaming back at her, his dark curly hair. He looked like he’d been through hell and had lived to tell about it. She felt the same way.
“I do feel safe. Alejandro always knows what to do, where to go, who to trust. I’m truly lost without him.” She peered up at Jay, who suddenly looked like a cast-out orphan. “And yours too, Jay. There’re still so many blank spots in my memory, and you seem to be able to flesh them out. I need both your help if I’m to take back Vegas. I know you have Sasha to tend to, so take your time, but anything you can suggest to help me get my ground back in Vegas, please tell me.”
Jay nodded, feeling relieved that he was still useful and that Hayley wasn’t planning to kill him. He sat forward, leaning on his thighs. There were things that could be done. He’d infiltrated the Saudis, yes. He’d been part of the group going against Madame H. and had even been tasked with getting close to her. But what those men didn’t know was that Hayley had sent him first, to become a double agent and fool her enemies into thinking he was one of them. His loyalty was never to anyone but her. He hoped she knew that.
“Okay. I’ll draw up the layout of their hideout in Vegas and write down how many of them are left after all that’s happened. Locations, names, and ties to any other organizations… it’ll be in your hands in the morning, I promise.”
“Thank you, Jay.” She hugged him again, and he felt a prickle of warmth ignite his lower middle. 
“There’s just one thing I need to ask you, Hayley. Would you do me a favor?”
She let go and peered into his eyes. He could see fear, curiosity, and fondness in her expression. 
“Yes, Jay. What do you need?”
“Sasha wants to help the other women—any women you’ve sold through your business—to gain freedom. Will you release those records to us? You won’t have to do anything else. I’m going to help her when this is all done.”
Hayley’s eyes gleamed at the suggestion. “I have to agree with her. I’d very much love to help those women too. You’ll get what you need after this is over, I swear to it, but first I need something else.”
Jay beamed at her, eager to hear her one request of him. He never thought loving two women would be easy, but Hayley and Sasha were not that different. He adored them both and would die for either of them. After all they’d been through, they deserved it.
“Yes, what is it?”
“Promise me that you’ll take care of Sasha and your child. I’ll give you anything you need, but keep them safe and happy.”
He furrowed his brow, puzzled. “Of course. That’s all you want of me?”
Hayley smiled, her eyes watering as she spoke, “And don’t forget me. You know where I’ll be if Sasha tires of you.”
He laughed and nodded, appreciative of the offer. “Thank you. You take care of yourself, okay?”
“I will.”

Chapter Fourteen


Vincent watched the Latina woman, the doctor, as she led the women, their women back out of the house. They got into a long white van and backed out of the driveway. Vincent put down the spotter scope as the van rolled out onto the street. He picked up the map from the passenger seat, a little prop he’d brought along, and held it up in front of his face, hiding his features from view. He expected the van to slow as it passed—the woman doctor seemed very sharp—but apparently she had her hands full with her passengers, because she drove by his small rental without so much as a second glance.
The rest of them were still in there, he knew. Alejandro, Jay, Madame H., and the other woman. She was a wildcard. Vincent didn’t know anything about her, but she was inconsequential in his mind. He didn’t worry much about who the woman was or where her allegiances might lie. He thought for a moment about stalking up to the mansion himself, that minute, and murdering them all where they stood. That would be foolish, he concluded. He had underestimated this Alejandro once before, and it had cost him dearly: the lives of his brother and other fine associates from Portugal. Instead he pulled out the prepaid phone he had purchased in Arizona. He called Rizwan.
“Yes?”
“They are all here.”
“Together?”
“Yes, they are all in Alejandro’s home in Tijuana.”
“So they have been working together this whole time?”
“It appears that way, sir.”
“And what news of our shipment?”
“The women just left, escorted by one of the Mexican’s people.”
There was an uncomfortable silence.
“How should I proceed? I can only track one or the other, the shipment or Madame H.”
Vincent heard Rizwan sigh on the other end of the line. His employer was becoming more and more dissatisfied with this situation.
“I have concluded that this shipment will be a loss, Vincent. It is not good business, but these types of things come up. My business with Madame H., however, that has not concluded. I want her and her little friends here to face me. I want to watch them all die, one by one.”
Vincent smiled. “As do I, sir. As it happens, I am thinking they may come to find you on their own. Alejandro is a man who thinks he is in charge. He will want to eliminate threats to the Madame, and logic would tell us he’ll be heading back to Vegas to confront you.”
“Very well. I want you to stay very close, Vincent. There are to be no problems with them getting here, to me. Lead them if you have to, but make sure they get here.”
“I will do that. And when the time comes, I will slice their eyelids from their faces and then laugh as they drown in their own blood.”
“There is another matter, Vincent.”
Vincent didn’t speak.
“I invested a significant amount of money in your little raid on Alejandro’s compound here in Nevada. I am quite disappointed with the return I received on that investment.”
Again Vincent was silent. Sweat formed on his forehead as the vehicle heated up simultaneously. This wasn’t good at all.
“There is not only the matter of your contract but of your professional reputation as well. Do not disappoint me further, Vincent.”
Vincent took a breath and then answered, “Yes, sir.”
Hours passed before a sleek black Mercedes sedan rolled out of the driveway. The windows were all tinted solid black, impenetrable. That would be them, he thought. Vincent got his car rolling before the sedan reached the end of the driveway. The doctora might not have been paying attention, but Alejandro sure as hell would be. Besides, this was the way to the highway into the States. Vincent raced ahead and turned sharply then pulled his car into a driveway, tucking it up behind a heap of trash receptacles which looked like they had been waiting a century for the trash to be picked up.
Ten seconds went by, and Alejandro’s sedan passed. Vincent watched in the rear-view mirror. The black Mercedes did not stop or slow when it passed. Good, he had been undetected. Vincent was about to reverse out of the driveway when a loud rapping at his window startled him. He looked over. There was a large, shirtless, brown-skinned man looming over the driver’s side window. He held a small rifle—it looked like a .22—and was tapping the barrel on the window. Vincent groaned. Just what he needed, a fucking local. Vincent engaged the power window with one hand while slipping the other into his sport coat pocket. As soon as the window was down, the large Mexican man leaned in, with his rifle pointed at Vincent's chest.
“¡Pinche dinero, ahora!”
Vincent sighed. These fucking interruptions were gnawing at his last nerve. He moved so fast, the man at his window hardly had time to blink. Vincent pulled the silenced 9mm from his coat pocket and fired from the hip, hitting the large-bellied man twice in the chest. Blood erupted and cascaded down the man's rotund stomach as he staggered away. Vincent slipped the car into gear and backed out fast, not bothering to watch his victim fall and die. He was a minute or two behind Alejandro now, but he knew where he was going, and his quarry would not be escaping this day.
Their hours were numbered. Vincent would make sure of it.

Chapter Fifteen


Alejandro was on the phone for hours on the long drive back to Las Vegas. He was tracking down the Saudis and arranging firepower for them when they got back. Hayley sat quietly in the passenger seat, staring out the window as miles of desert passed. Alejandro was speaking in rapid Spanish, driving with one hand, then dialing and speaking again in Spanish through the Bluetooth hookup of the tricked-out Mercedes. She could pluck out a few words and understand him, but most of the conversation was a loss. To say Hayley felt out of the loop would be a vast understatement. She was taking an inventory of what she knew of her life, and it was not putting a smile on her face. 
Jesus, the things she’d done. There was more than enough to fill volumes of books, things she’d never forgive herself for and choices which turned her stomach until she felt like throwing up. Hayley shook her head. At least all the sex had been good. She was allowed some pleasure, was she not? But all those women… yeah, that was the problem right there. Hayley wondered just how many women she had sold into slavery. Based on what she knew of her own wealth, it must have been hundreds, if not thousands, of women. Could she ever atone for that? Should she even try?
Nothing could atone for it, not even an entire lifetime, no matter how badly Hayley wanted it.
“Hey, puta,” Sasha snapped from the back seat.
Hayley glared back at her. “What?”
Sasha chuckled next to Jay, who joined in and slapped her on the leg.
Hayley just shook her head. She had to stop responding to “puta.”
“So, these Saudis, the ones that are gonna kill you… are they waiting for us?” Sasha asked. The woman had a serious lack of tact, and Hayley’s empathy for her was wearing thin.
What does this woman want from me? She waiting for me to confirm this or something?
“Probably. How should I know?” Hayley finally answered, staring out at the unrelenting desert surrounding them.
“Do they sell the women like you do?”
“I don’t do that anymore.”
“Whatever, puta. Are they slavers too?”
Hayley narrowed her eyes at the woman then let out the breath she was holding. “Yes. They buy the women from me and other brokers, and then they turn around and sell them overseas or to the local hidden dealers in the States. It doesn’t matter where; they are all in it for the money. I have no idea what happens to them after that.”
“I do,” Sasha said, matching Hayley stare for frigid stare.
Alejandro hung up the phone. “Do I need to pull this car over?” he snapped like an angry father. “Enough with the vindictiveness.” 
“No,” Hayley said, touching his arm. “We were just talking. Did you find out where the Saudis are?”
“Sí. Their boss is a man named Rizwan. He and his inner circle of men are staying at the Lady Luck Casino just off the strip, near downtown.” He looked over at Hayley and then back out the windshield. “We are going to hit him tonight, before he finds out we’re back. We only have the element of surprise once.”
Hayley nodded, though she was lost in thought again.
“Jay and I have decided to help you eliminate the Saudis,” Sasha announced from the backseat.
Alejandro glanced back at her in the rear-view mirror. “I do not think that would be a good idea.”
“I do not care what you think, gaucho. I won’t allow them to live as long as they enslave women like me.”
Jay chuckled. “You need all the help you can get, Alejandro. Once we wipe them out, you’ll be done with us.”
“I don’t like it, gringo,” Alejandro blew out a long breath. “Well, que sera, sera. It’s your funerals.”
“Like you care,” Sasha huffed, sitting back into her chair and crossing her arms, shoving her tits up near her chin. Jay slid his hand over her thigh, giving it a gentle squeeze. When this was all over, they were going to need an extra-long vacation. Maybe a nice tropical beach where he could fuck Sasha’s brains out and drink Disaronno until he passed out. Yeah, that sounded like the perfect vacation to him.
Until then, it was too late to start over. It was to the finish line now, or nothing at all.



Chapter Sixteen


“You ready?”
Hayley turned to see Jay holding out a 9mm Glock, his sharp eyes trained on her. He’d basically stuck to Sasha’s side since he’d been released back in Tijuana. The two made a nice couple. Both lethal, both insanely good looking, and both as empty as wells drained to the last drop. It made Hayley question what she’d ever seen in him, but one look into those fathomless eyes, and the flutter in her lower abdomen rippled. It wasn’t as intense as when Alejandro looked at her lovingly, but it was close. 
What was it with these two men? How the hell would she wipe either one of them from her desires? 
She nodded and took the gun from Jay, checking the magazine clip and then slipping it back into place. She switched the safety on like she’d done hundreds of times.
“Hayley? Can I ask you something?”
“Yes.” She peered over his shoulder and watched Alejandro and the doctor as they secured a bulletproof vest around Sasha, tightening the straps as she bitched out her protests on how snug it was on her generous bosom.
“What is this between us? I’m married, Sasha's pregnant, but that was never the issue between us. You remember now, right? You remember how I was your right-hand man, your go-to guy when you needed anything? Whether money, an assassin, or a lover, I was the one you called. Is that still it between us? Or is this the end of the road for us?”
Hayley’s throat closed up around the knot stuck in it. Nowhere in her mind had she really thought it all over. The five of them in the same room, and they’d all swapped fluids one way or another. Their destinies were intertwined with blood and gunfire, fused forever. As she glanced back up into Jay’s eyes, she knew something for sure.
“We are all part of one another. Forever. No matter what happens, I’ll always be there for you, Jay. And you for me. Our roads may not cross again, but I’ll never forget you.”
Jay smiled at this, a twinkle gleaming back in his dark eyes. He seemed to like her answer and gave her a curt bow before turning around and heading toward his beloved pregnant wife. She may not have been the ideal partner, but they could be good for each other.
This thought made Hayley smile as she trained her eyes back on Alejandro and knew that her feelings for him were more than real. They had a family together, and the part of their lives that had ripped them apart for so long was hopefully coming to an end.
This battle was going to be the fight of a lifetime. As much as she wanted to stop killing, she was fighting for a second chance, and she would finish anyone who got in the way of that. Including all those Saudis. She wanted her family back, and she would atone for all the time she’d lost with them and Alejandro. No one was innocent in this mess they’d created, but she’d make damn sure they would come out of it alive and thriving.
If not, she’d pay with her life.

***

They made it all the way to the hall of the hotel the Saudis were staying at before a single shot rang out. Jay and Sasha were already inside, doing what they did best, which apparently, aside from fucking, was killing. A trail of bodies littered the path as Hayley made her way into the enormous penthouse suite the Saudis had rented out. Blood splatter marred the creamy striped wallpaper and soaked the carpet as well as marble floors. Rizwan’s bodyguards were strewn across the ground like gooey red confetti, decorating the once-pristine suite with their innards. The man himself, Rizwan, had barricaded himself somewhere in the back, most likely in the locked bathroom past the bedroom suite.
Jay was smashing his foot into the door, trying to get to the boss man. Hayley walked into the room in time to see a man lurch from a closet and dive after Alejandro. He was fast though, and whipped around with his pistol, aiming and firing simultaneously, sinking a bullet into the man’s skull. Hayley heard a cry from an adjoining room and saw Sasha struggling with a hulking mass of a man.
“Sasha!” she called out.
Sasha’s arm was bleeding, but that didn’t stop her from biting into one of the Saudi’s arms as he shoved at her. The man screamed as blood poured out from around her mouth. Jesus, the woman was like a vampire. The man kicked her in the gut and shoved her back then fired a single shot into her vest. Sasha was hardly fazed by the point-blank shot. In fact, the gunshot seemed to ignite and inflame her feral nature even more as the pain and adrenaline possessed her. She lashed out at him with both arms, clawing at his face and trying to sink her nails into his neck. But the giant man was able to get a meaty hand clamped onto her, and with a great heave, he flung her across the marble floor, sending her sliding across it until her head smacked against the edge of a marble credenza.
The man saw Hayley and charged at her, but instead of freezing in panic, she calmly lifted her pistol and fired straight into his chest, three times. In the end, it didn’t matter how big he was, it was three tiny bullets that dropped the man in his tracks. Hayley felt her ears ringing from the gunshots. Her fingers slid over her gun, clammy from sweat and sticky from blood. Where had all the blood come from? This was more intense than the last time they’d fought in a hotel. She’d been bound then, propped up on a toilet and violated then beaten until she was near unconsciousness. No wonder she left the killing to her own henchmen like Jay. The men were unfazed by the near misses on their bodies as bullets sliced through the air near their heads and probably worked fine with a few flesh wounds.
Not Hayley. The noise, yelling, and relentless gunfire amid the acrid smell of smoke and copper-tainted air were more than she could stand. She gripped her gun and felt a hand grab at her arm before she managed to turn her gun at the perpetrator. Finding an unfamiliar face before her, her fingers reacted, and a shot rang out. A mess of brains, gore, and bits of flesh sprayed across her face.
“Shit!” she screamed as the body fell forward onto her. She shoved at the Saudi’s body. She’d hit him right where it counted, between the eyes, and his face was now a gaping hole. Her stomach twisted as she crawled out from under him and threw up all over the marble floor.
“You okay, niñita?” Alejandro called out as he glanced her way. She gave him a weak nod as she stumbled to her feet, using the wall as leverage. He got back to helping Jay ram the bedroom door, smashing it to smithereens after throwing her a reassuring grin.
God, killing was no joke. Empty of her lunch, she felt better but wasn’t shaking any less. She threw a glance at Sasha, who was still out cold on the floor, and was about to go to her aid when a steely arm wrapped around her neck from behind. Hayley screamed as the man crushed her head back against his chest, and her badly injured ear was smashed against him.
“Mr. Jay!” The man holding her shouted. His voice was thickly accented, but not like Alejandro’s. It had an almost prouder, more aristocratic lilt to it.
Jay and Alejandro froze where they were, staring back at Hayley and her captor.
“Vincent,” Jay growled and took a step toward him.
“Uh-uh, Mr. Jay, you don’t move at all.” Hayley heard a gun cock as Vincent jammed the barrel into her back.
“What the hell do you want, Vincent? This is over. You’re done here!” Jay shouted at him. Hayley saw desperation in Jay’s eyes, which only made her more scared.
“You are a traitor, Mr. Jay. You led them here. You’ve been working both sides this whole time. We do not take kindly to traitors where I am from.”
Jay and Alejandro were still frozen in the bedroom, waiting for Vincent’s next move.
“Vincent, this is just one huge misunderstanding.”
“Is it now? You’re helping Madame H., aren’t you? A double agent. You got my men killed. My brother.”
Jay shook his head, trying to look like he wasn’t shitting his pants.
“Hey, man, I warned you that compound was a deathtrap. It’s not my fault you didn't listen.”
“You have a smart mouth, Mr. Jay, but it will not get you out of this. After I kill the Madame here”—he jammed the pistol harder into Hayley’s back, causing her to cry out in pain—“I am going to cut your heart out.”
“No need for that, Vinny. I swear, I’m not here for her. I’m here for someone else.”
“Ah, I see. The other woman. Your little Mexican whore?”
Thwack!
Vincent released Hayley as Sasha smashed a large, ornate vase over his head. He went down hard, smacking his face into the marble floor with a crack that sounded like broken bones. Hayley stumbled forward and doubled over, gasping for breath now that she was free. She saw with embarrassment that there was a small, dark patch over the crotch of her pants. Better piss in my pants than a bullet in my back, I guess.
“No one calls me a whore, pinche cabron! Never again!” Sasha said to the man. Blood trickled from the cuts on Vincent’s head, and Sasha spit a gob of bloody saliva at him. Then she raised her booted foot and smashed in into his temple.
Hayley’s mouth hung open, and she fought down a gag, but she pulled herself together just in time to hear Alejandro yelling at someone.
“Fucking cabron! You chicken shit! Come out and fight like a man, Rizwan! You hide like a gallina!” 
Though the bathroom door was still locked, Jay had beaten against it enough to make a fist-sized hole in the heavy wood. Jay glanced over at Alejandro then withdrew a grenade from his bag and smiled.
Alejandro nodded and snickered. “I hope you enjoy your stay in hell, cabron! Send my regards al diablo!”
Jay pulled the pin on the grenade and tossed the baseball-sized explosive into the bathroom. Rizwan’s screams echoed through the door and both men ran out of the bedroom. The explosion rolled through the hotel room like a storm, thundering and crashing and shattering everything in the bathroom and then out into the adjoining bedroom. Jay and Alejandro were still running when the blast threw them to the ground and sent them sliding across the marble floor.  The hotel suite was choked with dust and smoke.
Alejandro searched blindly for Hayley, screaming her name, but all he could hear was the raucous ringing of the grenade blast in his head. Then a clammy hand found his in the haze of destruction. The hand was slender, pale, and weak. He pulled Hayley toward him. Her face was a mess of shock, her perfect face and hair streaked with blood and her eyes wide in fear.
“You’re okay, mi amor; it is over now.”
“Save that shit for later!” Jay shouted. They saw him holding Sasha up by one arm. “We have to get the fuck out of here!”
The dust was beginning to settle, but now the sounds of sirens replaced the thunderous blast of the grenade, echoing into the rooms from the opened windows. Jay and Alejandro led the women, ducking down and weaving around debris as they sprinted from the suite.
Lights from police and fire department vehicles flooded through the hotel windows as they ran. Shit. They were going to be pinned in.
“That way!” Hayley yelled, pointing to a fire door tucked around the end of a hallway. The four piled into the narrow stairwell and practically leaped down the flights of stairs, nearly killing themselves in the process. They were on the back side of the hotel now, and they hoped to God the cops weren’t on the other side of the door waiting for them. That was just how they didn’t want this to end, with everyone going to prison.
Alejandro held the doorknob for just a moment, looking back at Jay and the two women. Jay nodded to him. Alejandro took a deep breath and eased the door open. There was no one there. They could hear the sirens and see the lights, but all of the emergency vehicles seemed to have converged at the front of the building. As a group, they let out a collective sigh of relief.
Pouring out into the crisp night air, they found Jasmine waiting once more in the Mercedes, and not patiently. She frantically waved them on as they piled into the car and Jasmine peeled out before the cops decided to infiltrate the rear of the casino. 
They rode in silence.
Miles and minutes passed, and the group began to relax as they headed toward Madame H.’s compound on the other side of the strip near Mandalay Bay. If she had any enemies left, they sure as hell wouldn’t be there anymore. Any of her remaining henchmen with half a brain would have fled the city if not the state by now. For the first time in a long time, they were able to breathe freely.
Hayley glanced at the other three, all dirty, bloodied and dusty from debris. For no reason, she began to laugh. It was a high, manic laugh that shook her shoulders and made it look a bit like she was having a seizure, but she couldn’t control it. Purging the panic and fear, she laughed and laughed. 
The others watched her with blank faces at first, as if she’d lost her mind. But then, as they watched her madness erupt, they all joined on in.

Chapter Seventeen


Sasha studied the rigid muscles moving beneath Jay’s bloodied and ripped white T-shirt. They had rented a motel room for the night, miles off the Las Vegas Strip and nowhere close to Madame H.’s compound. No one knew who they were or what they had done. It was a place that never asked questions, even with the blood spatter and dust coating their bodies. Jay paid the owner good money to never ask and never tell. This was no exception.
It was good there were a few loyal people still around after their ordeal. Jay was bone tired.
“You can a shower first,” Sasha offered. “I take long, hot ones. Don’t want to use it all up.” Jay turned to watch her sit on the edge of the bed, snatching the remote off the dresser and switching on the TV without looking his way. He wondered what was running through the woman’s mind but shook it off as he took his bag of essentials he’d packed into the Mercedes and retreated to the bathroom.
He hoped Sasha would warm up to him again. They’d been apart for so long, he didn’t fail to notice her standoffish attitude. Right when he was ready to throw his hands up, his eyes would drift down to her swollen belly, ripe with his child. He could put up with anything. At least he had his family back.
Scrubbing off the debris and blood, he washed the day’s work away. Jay checked his wounds and bandaged them well. His torso was solid muscle, rippled and well defined. Any woman would throw herself at him, but there were only two he wanted, and one of them was his already. Maybe one day Hayley would come looking for him again. Maybe one day he’d be able to keep her at his side. For now, Sasha was his wife, and he wanted to make the most of it.
Especially with his rock-hard cock bobbing in the hot, humid air of the bathroom as he thought about ravishing her body. The thoughts got him hot and bothered, and he wiped the moisture from his hair, running his fingers through the curly dark locks. Staring at his reflection in the foggy mirror, he sighed. He’d let Sasha shower first then they could work on getting all sweaty and dirty again.
He dressed in his boxers and exited the bathroom. Silently, Sasha made her way to the bathroom with her things and clicked the door shut behind her. He sat in the chair and closed his eyes, feeling the fatigue of their adventures the last few days hit him hard. He slipped off his shorts, moved to the bed, and watched the TV drone on and on about a terrorist incident at a local hotel. Firemen were putting out the fire they’d set when they’d left the building. 
Jay smirked at it. They blamed the Saudis. A mutiny, they were calling it. Terrorists losing their batshit minds and going off on each other, effectively wiping the group out. At least no one had caught wind of their small group’s involvement. Alejandro was a damn genius when it came to taking out others, and he’d made sure to take down the hotel’s surveillance system before the attack. He was glad he could count on the guy as an ally. At least for now.
“I assume you want to fuck me, husband?” Sasha had finished her shower and stood at the door of the bathroom, leaning on the frame, stark naked. Her belly had grown since he’d last seen her, and he was reminded how long it’d been. She was still as fine as ever despite the collection of fresh bruises and scars.
“Come here.”
Sasha sashayed toward the bed, her clothes in one hand, which she placed on the nightstand before sliding onto Jay to sit on his lap.
“I’m a difficult woman. Why did you marry me?”
“I love you. You’re the mother of my child.”
She frowned at this but smiled a moment later to cover her frustration. “That is the only reason?”
Jay shook his head. “No, of course not.”
“Then what else do you like about me?” She began to stroke her hand up and down his shaft, his breath catching on her words. She liked it rough, and this gentle sensation from her was so far different from what he was used to. The warmth it incited within his middle made him grunt in pleasure. She should never stop. He never wanted to stop fucking her. 
She bent down, moving her bottom out to accommodate her swollen belly. Her lips pressed to his tip a second before she slipped his cock into her pretty little mouth. She could do so many filthy things with those lips. The way she wrapped them around his member, the way she could suck gently then hard and smacked her lips on him made him want to burst all over her tongue. She’d take all he gave and vice versa. He could fuck her as hard or as soft as he wanted, she never complained. The one thing about Sasha he adored was that she loved to fuck. Even the rape wasn’t what had ever bothered her. It was the fact she was never free.
“I love the way you speak to me, how tough you are, how you don’t take shit from anyone. Your sexy moves are mind blowing. You’re so different from the other women I’ve fucked.”
She ran her teeth along his skin, making him gasp. God, she was so hot.
“Different enough to love forever?”
He clenched his eyes shut and nodded, feeling the pressure build inside as she stroked harder. A moment later, he felt the warm wetness of her entrance slowly enveloping him until it took him in all the way.
“God, yes. Forever.”
What a fool, Sasha thought. She let her hips rock, letting her own orgasm build. It’d been a while for Jay, which for him was probably a day. He wouldn’t be holding off for long. That was fine. It was just enough for what Sasha needed.
She slid her hands down her breasts, grabbing his wrists and bringing his fingers to pinch her lovely mounds.
“You know I like it rough. Pinch my nipples. Hard. Make me cum.”
He complied, feeling her moving her hips faster and harder. She felt heavenly, a drug he couldn’t go without for too long.
“You love this cock, don’t you? Mi bonita. Tell me you love it when I fuck you.”
“I love it. Again and again. It was never the sex you lacked.”
He didn’t quite hear her last words, feeling his orgasm build to the point of breaking.
“Am I different enough to die for?” she asked.
His orgasm was about to hit as he opened his eyes in confusion. “What?”
Sasha reached toward the pile of clothes she’d laid next to the bed and pulled a knife as her hips continued to rock. She balanced on her free hand.
One flick, and the knife was at Jay’s throat. She stopped moving, no longer feeling high from the sex but from the thrilling rush of adrenaline as she squeezed her legs tightly enough on Jay so he wouldn’t buck her without hurting himself. His cock flinched inside her, a pleasure she ignored.
“Wait, Sasha. Don’t.” He swallowed, feeling the blade faintly cut into his skin. She held it there, waiting. What the hell would she hesitate for? He deserved it, he knew that. But why did she hesitate? He hoped she wouldn’t go through with it. He prayed desperately it was all a ploy to get something she wanted out of him.
“Sasha,” he whispered, afraid to move, breathe, or blink.
Fuck.
“I thought I could get away, but every time I look at your face, I am reminded I am still back there, still in the prison, still getting myself fucked over and over again.” Her accent thickened as she pressed the blade harder to his throat. Sweat pooled not only on his brow but also on the edges of her face, tiny droplets of her essence barely dusting her skin. She was sexy and terrifying all at the same time.
“No. You’re free. I won’t hold you for anything. I want to be with you. With our child….”
He gasped as she leaned forward, his chest heaving under her weight and the pain of the blade.
“You’re wrong, Jay. You are my prison. I cannot let it go. This child is not even yours. I know not whose it is, but once it’s here, I will not keep it. Some other woman will love it as I cannot. My road is another to take.”
With that, she twitched her hips once more, feeling her orgasm flood her insides with a sweet flush before she jerked her wrist and pulled at the knife. 
“Goodbye, Jay.” 


Epilogue


Jay rubbed the back of his head as he stared off to the horizon. Leaving the hospital, he cursed under his breath. He’d just had his staples pulled out, and the scab itched like crazy where it lined the edge of his hairline along his forehead. He’d been in a “coma” for a week, sent to the hospital after the motel maid had discovered him unconscious in bed, naked. No one remembered the pretty girl who’d checked in with him. There were no tapes or recordings of her anywhere. It was as if she had never existed but in his memory. 
The fucking bitch Sasha was a freaky genius avoiding such things. She had stayed in the car when he’d checked in and snuck away quietly after bashing his head with the hilt of her knife. 
But he was alive, wasn’t he? That had to count for something.
And what had it all gotten him? Nothing. Absolutely nothing.
He shook his head and fished out his cell phone, flipping through his contacts, all with code names, but he knew who was who. More importantly, he knew who had the connections to everything Jay desired. Including getting back in the game with Hayley. He couldn’t crawl back empty handed, nope. He had to have something to offer her, and he knew with his expertise in tracking and weapons, he could help her with whatever cause she was currently tearing through.
Whatever happened, it was going to be a wild ride. Guaranteed.


***

Three Months Later
Hayley stood with her back against the exterior wall of a dismal concrete block building. The chipping paint bit into her back, poking through her shirt. She took long, deep breaths. They were on a corner near Highland Drive and Western Avenue, a quiet intersection in the industrial district of Las Vegas. The buildings here were all old and grey, utilitarian. Worn and weathered and infrequently visited but by those who worked in the many factories and warehouses in the center of the city.
All except for one building. This one was special. Not because of its appearance—it looked like a rundown old welding shop or a warehouse for spare parts—but almost every night, exotic cars would pull up and park behind it, pouring out scads of well-dressed men with a myriad of gleaming neck chains and watches that cost more than most people’s houses. They’d enter this decrepit building, some of the wealthiest and most vile men in America, unaware of the eyes that would observe their rituals nightly from afar. This warehouse didn’t hold parts for cars or building equipment, it was a holding pen for human flesh.
This was why Hayley and Alejandro were here in the middle of the night, each of them poised outside a back entrance door with their own band of misfits, armed to the teeth. This place was one of many on Hayley’s list. Since the Saudi men intent on her death had been killed, Hayley had found a new mission in life: freeing women who were being abused and sold into slavery and shutting down the human trafficking rings which ran rampant in Las Vegas. It was her own little penance for a lifetime of sin. And really, she enjoyed wreaking havoc on these operations.
Her heart was steel when it came to any mercy for those who did another wrong. Cold, hard metal like the bullets in her guns.
“Are you ready?” Alejandro whispered over to her.
Hayley raised her pistol and racked back the slide on top.
“I’m ready.”
Alejandro positioned himself to kick in the door, but before he did, he looked over at Hayley. “I love you.”
Hayley smiled. “I love you too.”

***

Six Months Later
At a motel in the outskirts of Mesquite, Nevada, a brand new, shiny white Mercedes Benz pulled up to a nearly condemned motel on the seediest side of town. A man leaning against the back side of the building lit a cigarette and raised his eyebrow, peering over the top of his sunglasses at the gleaming vehicle. Its wheels crunched along the gravel, rolling all the way up to him, where he waited for his regular customers for the goodies he stashed in his jacket.
The window lowered to reveal slick, maroon-brown locks, smooth bronze skin, and large sunglasses covering most of the woman’s face above a straight nose and bright crimson lips. 
“Hey, caballero, you’re the one who calls himself Christopher Fallon, no?” Her thick Spanish accent perked his senses, and a smile spread across his face. The woman who had haunted his dreams and left him wanting every single night for months had finally returned. She was real and no longer a figment of his imagination. He approached the car, taking off his shades to get a better look at her as she slid her own shades down her nose to peer at him with fiery, chocolate eyes.
“Yes, that’s me.”
“What does a lady have to do around here for a good, hot fuck?”


Thank you for reading this dangerously sexy series. If you enjoyed the story, please consider leaving a review.



About the Author


Maelani
Hello, I’m Maelani! I am the penname for two awesome co-writers: Maelani Reese & Nataleigh Sharp. Check our site out and follow along for more intriguing, steamy hot stories! I write about love, romance, and sexy themes. I want to make you feel, cry, inhale, exhale, sob, scream and most of all...love. I live in Las Vegas, NV where the lights never cease and the heat can be sticky hot. I love to listen to music and travel anywhere.

Love is but what we make. Be obsessed.

Join me. Follow Maelani here:
Facebook
Twitter
Newsletter

