

Fatal Truths

The Deadlier Sex

Book 2

by

Maelani




Fatal Truths
(The Deadlier Sex #2)
©January 2016 by Maelani Reese & Nataleigh Sharp
All rights reserved
Published by
Cover Design by MelancholyMuse
Photography Depositphoto

This book is sold subject to the condition that it shall not, by way of trade or otherwise, be lent, re-sold, duplicated, hired out, or otherwise circulated without the publisher’s prior written consent in any form of binding or cover other than that in which it is published and without similar condition including this condition being imposed on the subsequent purchaser.

This is a work of fiction. All characters and events portrayed in this novel are fictitious and are products of the author’s imagination and any resemblance to actual events, or locales or persons, living or dead, are entirely coincidental.

Be Obsessed…

Follow Maelani here:
Facebook
Twitter
Newsletter



Table of Contents


Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
About the Author





Chapter One




Most men will never know what it’s like to have a gun to their head. The fear starts at the gun’s barrel. The gun itself; cold, hard steel, uncaring, unflinching, and it’s that cold that prickles against your neck. The hammer cocks back, and a shiver of fear at the base of your skull turns into a hot spike of adrenaline, racing for the heart, coursing through the senses fast enough it makes a man think he’ll vomit. His legs wobble and his bladder loosens. It is a humbling experience.
Sheriff Cordoza stood stiffly just inside the door of Deputy Mason’s house. He’d come directly here from the scene of the fire after the deputy failed to answer his calls. As soon as he passed through the front door, a pistol was pointed at the back of his head, nudging him forward. He continued and stepped inside, his hands up in the air. The unknown assailant kicked the door closed behind him while he cursed himself for not telling dispatch he was going to stop by Mason’s home before heading to the precinct.
“What have you done with my deputy?” he asked. His voice came out rough and gravely, just like his appearance and personality. Even though he was afraid, he did not let the fear leak into his words. Fear was an enemy he couldn’t afford to dance with. “Is he safe? Have you harmed him?”
“El está muerto.”
Cordoza was shocked to hear a flat, female voice behind him but wise enough to keep his arms in the air. A female with a gun was just as deadly as any man. More so at times, he thought. Cordoza no longer spoke fluent Spanish, not since he was a boy, but he knew what muerto meant, and his shoulders sagged. 
“Hablas inglés? Entiendo un poco de español.”
“I speak english,” her slow, dark voice responded.
“Why have you harmed my deputy? Are you on the run? Are you looking for drugs?”
“Were you a part of his business?”
“I don’t understand. He was a police officer who worked for me.”
“So you are the boss man?”
“Yes, I am the sheriff of the police department. That means I can help you; I can make sure you’ll be treated fairly, but you have to give me that weapon.”
“Turn around.”
Cordoza did and found himself staring into the dark brown eyes of a young Mexican woman. Her face was beautiful but covered with splatters of blood. Her hair, a deep maroon, was tied back in a tight ponytail.
“Were you a part of his other business?”
Something in those eyes made him shiver. Or maybe it was the single eye of the revolver, now pointed at his face, that chilled his blood.
“I don’t understand what you mean. What other business?”
The woman leaned closer, and the gun’s barrel rested on his forehead. “The business of selling slaves, sheriff. For sex. Were you his partner?”
Cordoza flinched back as if he had been slapped. He tried to shake his head. No, not Mason. He couldn’t be involved in all that. Could he? The shock was splattered all over his face.
“No, you must be mistaken. He was a police officer. He protected people, he didn’t hurt them.”
The woman’s mouth opened into a growl, and she sneered at him. “I have been that pig’s prisoner for months now. I have seen him take many girls and sell many girls. Sometimes he fucks the girls, like me.” She backed the sheriff farther into the room. “And sometimes he kills the girls. Your pig policer officer did this if they are not good enough.”
“I—I….” The sheriff’s words failed him. His body shook, and sweat poured off his face.
“We will see for ourselves, if anyone is left. Go.” She waved him on, flipping the gun toward the kitchen.
“Where?”
“To the basement. To the zoo. That is what the pig called it. We are his animals. If he had more women, they would be there.”
Cordoza walked hesitantly toward the kitchen and saw the door next to the pantry that must lead into the basement. His legs were shaky, and he hoped to god he didn't have a heart attack.
Mason was involved in sex trafficking? Why?
He approached the basement door slowly. As soon as he was next to the tall pantry door, he flicked a hand out and grabbed the knob then whipped the door back as hard as he could. At the same time, he ducked down and behind the pantry door. The gun fired immediately, before the door smacked into the woman's face, knocking her off balance. 
With what dexterity he had left after sixty years, Sheriff Cordoza shot out of his hiding spot and shouldered into the woman. She went flying backward, tumbling over Mason’s low kitchen counter before landing in a heap on the dining room floor. Cordoza slid over the counter and pounced on her, yanking the gun from her hands. She was disoriented but fought like a damned tiger, swinging at him with her hands, scratching and kicking. 
Cordoza released the gun’s hammer and swung it down on the side of her forehead. There was a crunch, followed by a shudder. The woman fell into unconsciousness. Cordoza flopped back onto his ass, wheezing and holding a hand to his chest. Holy shit! It had been a decade since he’d performed a felony takedown, and he’d never been in a situation like this. This was just as scary as being in the jungles of Vietnam. At least there it was guerrilla-style fighting, and he hadn’t always seen his targets go down. This was a woman. A desperate and wild woman who would just as soon pull his eyeballs from his sockets as chop his head off. 
Actually, he wasn’t sure what was worse of the two evils.
After a minute of deep breathing, Cordoza checked the woman for a pulse. She was still very much alive. For now, at least. There was blood on her hands, face and neck, mixed with bits of brownish matter that Cordoza recognized as pulverized bone and brain matter. 
“Jesus Christ,” he muttered. The woman had shot someone in the head at point-blank range. Even the pistol he held had bits of shit stuck to it. Cordoza pulled himself to his feet and wandered into Mason’s bedroom, searching the home for his deputy. When he entered, he fell to his knees and almost threw up his lunch. 
My god, he thought, and the pain and pressure started back up in his chest. I think I might actually be having a heart attack this time. He pulled his small radio off his belt. 
“Dispatch, Cordoza, I’m code eight at 128 Marigold Avenue.”
“Go ahead, Sheriff.” 
“Code eight, one-eighty-seven, ten-double-zero.”
“Ten-four. Jesus.” 
Cordoza let the radio drop as the dispatcher relayed the information to any officers in the area. His stomach lurched again at the sight of his deputy, naked and shot in the face on the bed. His wife was on the floor, in nothing but a corset top. Her head was blown off. The sheriff shakily made the sign of the cross over his chest.
Time never went as slowly as the next few minutes did.
“What in God’s name happened here?”
He studied the corpses, feeling queasier by the moment. When he finally heard the approaching squad cars, he looked up to check on the crazed woman, but she wasn’t there. The spot where she’d fallen was empty, like she’d never existed.
“What the hell?” He jerked around, racing to check the rest of the house, but didn’t find her. It was like she’d been a ghost, disappearing without a sound and without existing. Except for his deputy and his wife, there was no one else around.
The gun was missing too. There goes the murder weapon.
At least that meant she did exist and was now free to go out there and kill more officers.
Or maybe she was done. God, he hoped so.
He mentally kicked himself for being so careless with the woman. He should’ve secured her with handcuffs before leaving her on the floor. He was getting sloppy in his old age. The comforts of a quiet life in a small town had soften him up like butter. These were fatal mistakes to make in such a critical case.
He momentarily thought of not mentioning the girl, but it might not be a good idea. Who knew what was on him from the struggle with the girl. Her fingerprints could be peppered all over the damn place too. He’d just have to own it; she’d gotten the best of him and was now nowhere to be found.
Straightening, he smoothed down his shirt and adjusted his belt, ignoring the slow, dull ache down his left arm. It was fading, but he’d have to get that checked.
He’d own it all right. It was the worst day of his career, but he was still alive. It had to count for something, no matter how little.




Chapter Two




“Do you think the safe house is… well… safe?”
Hayley shifted in the seat for the hundredth time. She’d been a bundle of nerves since leaving Alejandro’s compound. The entire situation was wearing on her as she worked through everything which had happened to them since she’d woken up in the basement, bloodied, without her memory. Oh, and finding out she was a killer. Alejandro’s affections, without really giving in to the temptation of relishing each other the way they’d both obviously wanted to, troubled her as well. They’d been something before. Something more than what she had with Jay.
And those kids of his… they looked mixed. Like their mother was fair skinned, even though the Hispanic blood bled through on their tanned skin. She knew those faces. They looked so familiar, but try as she might, there was no placing where Alejandro and his family fit into her crazy “Madame” lifestyle.
He hadn’t told her everything about their past. His well of secrets ran as deep as the rest of them, including Jay. Having secrets was the norm around here, and she wasn’t exactly enjoying it.
“I think so,” Jay answered. “Alejandro and his group seem like the kind bound by honor and loyalty. Whatever you had with that guy, it seems you had your reasons to trust him.” He flicked his eyes to the rear view mirror, constantly checking to see if they were being pursued.
“Yeah,” she sighed. “I wish I could remember exactly what those reasons were. It’s like everyone knows more about me than I do about myself.”
“It’ll come back. Sooner or later. Maybe this is a good thing. You weren’t exactly the most popular chick in this town.”
Hayley groaned, closing her eyes and tilting her head back.
“Thanks for reminding me. I’m starting to think I don’t want to know who Madame H. is. I just want to put everything behind me.”
“But you can’t,” Jay responded. “Not until this is all somehow dealt with and your enemies are six feet under will you ever get any kind of peace. Even then, I’m not sure how many people have it out for you, but I can tell you, from what I know, it’s a whole damn lot of them.”
She glared at him as they turned down a dirt road heading out into the desert. There wasn’t much out here except an occasional ranch, horse stables for tourists and canyons for sightseeing around the Lake Mead recreation areas. Wherever they were headed, it was pretty isolated and well hidden from prying eyes. It was a cold comfort.
“Here we are. Home sweet home.” Jay pulled the SUV into the driveway in front of a large ranch house. It looked abandoned and quiet, like no one was home. Even so, they had to be careful. There was even a garage to one side of the house where they might be able to stash their vehicle out of view of prying eyes. 
Hayley peered out at the large ranch house with a strange sense of déjà vu again. Ever since she’d seen Alejandro, the world had been different. She couldn’t even pinpoint how or why, but she was seeing places in an all-too-familiar light.
She jumped out of the vehicle and ran toward the front door.
“Hayley! Wait! We have to make sure no one is here,” Jay called out after her. She ignored him and passed the front door heading around the corner of the house. She was compelled to go there with every fiber of her being. She didn’t want the feeling to slip away before she found what she was looking for.
It wasn’t until she got to the spot on the side of the house that she realized what she was seeking. There, a loose brick, which wasn’t all that noticeable, caught her eye. She tugged at it and finally managed to shimmy it out of its tight spot with the tips of her fingers. Behind it was a small fingerprint screen on a metal door. She dropped the brick down and pressed her first finger to it. It lit up immediately, scanning her finger with a bright green laser. When it was done, a series of whirs and clicks sounded before the small metal door popped open and revealed a single key and piece of paper.
She reached in, grabbed both and shut the door before replacing the brick. Holding up the key, she grinned to herself. “Gotcha!”
“How’d you know that was there?” Jay asked, startling her back into the present.
Her eyes flicked from him back to the paper and key. “I don’t know. I just did. Isn’t that weird?” She held the key out to Jay, which he took and flipped over in his hands. She unfolded the paper to find handwriting on it that looked like a woman’s: all loopy, longhand and fancy.
“I wrote this. I think. To… myself.” Hayley glanced to Jay, who narrowed his eyes at her. He was suspicious, of course. Who wouldn’t be? She couldn’t figure out how it had come to her; it was like a paddle thrown to her in the middle of a still lake. Out of the fog, the tiny thread of a memory had slid out and told her where the key to her compound was.
My compound?
“What’s on the note?” Jay motioned toward the paper now clutched in her fingers. 
She’d almost forgotten about it. Unfolding it once more, she cleared her throat and read it aloud.
“If you’re here, you’re in deep shit woman. WTF did you do? You’ll find everything you need in our version of Fort Knox. There is no way in. Trust me. Oh, and in case I forgot a lot of shit, read my diary, bitch. -H.”
“Dang. You always were a potty mouth,” Jay snickered. 
Hayley threw him a sour look and snatched the key from his fingertips. As she marched back toward the front door, she hoped this diary of hers would tell her more than the note had. It all added up to how much of a bitch she was in her former life. Everything was going to change, she swore to it. Regardless of which way it was going to go, she was either going to exact a very direct revenge on the people trying to kill her or disappear into oblivion forever.
She was hoping for the latter.
She shoved the key into the lock and pushed the door open. It was heavy, more so than any door she’d ever pushed in her entire life. It must’ve been thick, reinforced metal, like for a bunker or a safe. Whatever it was made of, every freaking wall, joint and door was made of the same material throughout the interior of the ranch house. The windows weren’t real but more for aesthetic purposes on the outside of the house. In here, there were tiny slats of window to peek outside at strategic points around the house with metal plates that slid into place to cover them up when not in use.
The air was cool and fresh inside, leading her to believe that it was being filtered and pumped in from some source she couldn’t see. It was furnished comfortably and expensively, with sturdy furniture. She peered around, taking it all in as Jay shut the door behind them.
“I’ll find the garage and put the car in there. Wow. This is a fortress.”
She nodded absentmindedly. It really was, and she had built it for the purpose of hunkering down for a while. There was even a walk-in freezer and pantry off by the kitchen. How did she know this? She shook her head.
Memories were returning in random wisps, smacking into her head like punches. It made her feel like she was going under, and the claustrophobia creeping up into her chest grew with each passing moment.
Dark cell. Screaming. Girls chatting about going home. Wailing.
She closed her eyes as Jay left the room. Her hands shook, and she crushed the paper still held between her fingers.
“You’re relieved of your position, Madame H. It’s mine and my family’s now. But I am curious, I have not found your list of contacts anywhere. Do tell me where they are, or I will make this extremely painful.”
She shook her head, her entire body shaking and her breathing increasing in short, rapid bursts as the memory burned in her head.
“You’ll never get away with this. I’ll make sure you burn and scream into your next life. And if I die too, I’ll haunt your ass forever and make you wish we’d never met.”
He pulled her close, his breath hot against her neck. “I never regret anything, Madame. I loved every time we fucked. Every time you thought you were tricking me, sleeping with me, acting the part of my lover, I knew your true intentions. You’re mine to do with as I please. You have no idea what I’m capable of. You’re going to give me what I need, or I’ll prolong your pain until you forget who you are.”
“You’ll never do that. My man will make sure your limbs are severed, inch by bloody inch, and you’ll pay dearly, you and your family, for what you’ve done here tonight.”
He sneered, flashing his pearly white teeth.
“Your man? You don’t mean Jay, do you?” He chuckled, which sent an icy rivulet down her spine.
“He’s more of a man than you’ll ever be.”
“Don't be so sure of yourself, Madame. But perhaps you will see your Jay again, before this is all over. And perhaps—no, definitely—I’ll be fucking your sweet ass again, one last time.”
Not a second later, stars sprayed across her vision, and the world filled with bright flashing lights. He’d hit her hard, and Hayley’s lip was bleeding hot crimson liquid from the corner where her tooth had sliced into it.
“Mark my words, Madame. You’ll be begging me for death before I’m done with you.”
She glared at him, giving him every evil thought she could conjure. He laughed all the way up the cellar stairs into the house above. With the slam of the door, the incessant chatter fired up again behind her, where the girls sat in their cells lining the hall built underneath the mansion.
Hayley fell to her knees, her eyes blurred with stinging tears as her body trembled from the force of the violent memory filling her up with nothing but hate.
She was still tied to the chair, and her wrists burned from her attempts at freedom. As she struggled, she finally knocked herself to the ground where she smashed her cheek on the floor and laid there for an unknown amount of time in searing pain from her fall. Then she heard a distant voice coming from one of the cells behind her. 
“There is no escape, Madame H. This is your purgatory for all your sins. Pray. Just pray that he does it quickly and you may move from this level to another. Don’t pray for release from pain, for there is none. You’re already in hell, where we all burn, and there is no heaven. There never was.”





Chapter Three




“Holy shit, Hayley, this place has an indoor pool!” Jay’s voice was uncharacteristically excited. Hayley was sorting through the kitchen when he returned from scoping out the house. His smiling face was handsome, smooth, yet still possessed that ruggedness that drove her a little wild.
“There’s nothing in the fridge here, but I found a bottle of Fireball whiskey in the freezer besides other frozen food.”
“The freezer was on?”
“Yes, Alejandro must have had someone coming to check on the place once in a while. Either that, or I was, and I just don’t remember it.” Her words, and the realization of more lost memories, brought a frown to her face. “There’s a lot of canned goods in the pantry, enough that we could stay here for weeks or more if we don’t go stir crazy.”
“Hey,” Jay said, coming up to her and closing the cupboard she had been rummaging in. His brown eyes searched hers, knowing there was something wrong, but unable to tell what it was. Hayley looked down and leaned back against the counter. He lifted her chin up with one hand so that he could look into her eyes once more.
“We’re going to be okay, Hayley. I’m going to take care of you, okay?” He stroked her cheek with his strong hand then wrapped his other arm behind her and pulled her against him. At first she tried to resist, then let him take her. She leaned against his taut chest, feeling the hard muscles beneath his shirt.
“I’m scared, Jay.” Her voice came out much weaker than she had hoped.
Jay held her tightly, one hand on her lower back, the other resting gently on the back of her neck. She was aware, standing there with him, of just how easily he could overpower her.
Why would I think of that? He hasn’t shown any intention of harming me. Well, except for that initial kidnapping part.
Jay nuzzled his head down against her neck. He started kissing her, just little ones, along her neck and shoulder, then nibbled at her earlobe. It felt good, it felt damned good, and it sent little shivers up her back, which Jay felt. It fueled his growing passion, and he kissed and nipped at her more forcefully. She could feel him growing hard against her. She wasn’t really in the mood for sex, but he obviously was, and perhaps it would make her feel a little better.
“I want you to take me to the bedroom,” she whispered into his chest.
He needed no further prompting, scooping her off the ground and carrying her effortlessly through the house. His big hands held her firmly, and she could feel the muscles of his biceps bulging beneath her as he walked. 
He brought her into a large master suite. The king-sized bed called them to it, and he laid her on the comforter, which was a quilted silk with a pattern in gold-colored thread. It was beautiful yet somehow still subtle.
Like Alejandro, she thought.
Where did that come from?
She focused on Jay, on his hard jawline grinning at her with boyish delight and desire. Oh, yes, he knew how to please her, there was no question about that. And he knew he did too. He slipped her jeans off, and Hayley was glad she’d hidden the pistol Alejandro had given her in the bathroom. She remembered his warning to her before he sent her away. 
“Do not trust that man, he is a killer.” 
Hayley shivered. He may be a killer, but she was a pimp and a slave master. Was that any better? She didn’t think so, but then Jay was sliding her panties off, and she got a little distracted.
Instead of climbing on top of her like she expected, Jay pounced on her with his mouth, sucking and teasing at her soft pink folds, which were swelling with excitement. She moved and moaned as he took her sex in his mouth, pleasing her in ways she didn’t even know she needed to be pleased. It didn't take long, with his skilled tongue on her, for Hayley to climax. Her back arched, and her pelvis pushed down and against his mouth. 
Still he did not relent, his mouth taking her in again, that magical tongue still dancing its way over her tenderest parts, coaxing another orgasm out of her, and then another, until she was literally sore from the stimulation. At last she grabbed his dark, shaggy hair and lifted his head. 
“No more, I can take no more,” she wheezed, exhausted by the tremendous energy that had coursed through her body. Jay grinned at her, a heart-melting, panty-dropping smile. 
“Are you sure, Madame? Not like you to tap out so quickly.” 
Hayley let out a few more panting breaths. “I am totally spent. You did good, boy,” she said and patted him on the head playfully. He chuckled in response. “Now you go play while I take a little nap.”
Jay actually laughed at her this time. “Are you serious?”
“Yes, I’m serious. I’ll take care of you later,” she said, and pulled him on top of her. She kissed him on the lips. “Thank you for taking care of me, Jay. I needed that and didn't even know it.” She stroked his thick hair.
“I know you did, and as always, I am happy to serve,” he said with a wink. “I will leave you to your nap now.” Jay stood and looked down at her then turned to leave the bedroom.
“Jay,” she called after him, and when he turned back around she said, “Don’t call me Madame any more, okay? I don’t like it.”
Jay nodded. “I’ll remember that.” Then he was gone.
Hayley scooted up onto one of the bed’s many pillows. She blew out a long breath. That had been very satisfying. Strange as well, strange because while Jay was buried between her legs, she kept seeing Alejandro's face, kept envisioning herself kissing him, touching him. She shook it off and closed her eyes. Some early afternoon sex and a nice nap would take care of anything that ailed her, she was sure of it. Except all of those gunmen, the Saudis and the sex slaves, that was. But that would be tomorrow's problem.




Chapter Four




Hayley fell into a sleep that she wished she could wake from immediately. She was back in the dark room, back with the man who was beating her. She had no idea how long she had been there. Her hips and shoulder ached from lying on her side. The floor beneath her was a dark concrete, coated with a greasy-looking black something. It smelled damp and raw. 
Her nostrils were burning from the stench of… what was it? She couldn’t place the foul smell just yet, but then a fist crashed into her face, and her head bounced against the concrete floor. It’s a dungeon, she thought, and she knew that she was a prisoner. Her eyes opened, and she tried to blink away the bursting stars in her vision and the bright flashes of pain that were blossoming through her cheek. She panted for breath. Why am I being beaten?
“Why… why are you doing this to me?” she croaked, finding her throat parched and sore. The movement of her lips caused pain to flare up, and she tasted blood in her mouth. In the dim light of the dungeon, she saw her attacker, hunched over her. It was Damian Abrudhera, in the flesh and very much alive. Not dead like she’d left him in the basement of his mansion. His dark hair was neat and combed back while his grey blue eyes shined with malice as he sneered at her. 
“What do you mean ‘why,’ you dumb cunt? Give the information I need!” He grabbed her chin roughly and twisted her head to face him, and he leaned close to her. “I’ve found most of the products, but there are several shipments that have evaded me. Where are they? Who is their handler? Why can’t I find them?” His voice rose with anger.
“I don’t have any idea what you’re talking about! What products? What’s a handler?” Hayley started to cry, and the tears burned down her freshly bruised and lacerated face. Through the tears, Hayley saw a confused look on the man’s face. His head cocked awkwardly as he looked at her, and she saw that his eyes were bloodshot with rage and probably cocaine. She choked on her tears and the pungent smell in the dark room. Sewage. It’s fucking sewage.
“You’re only causing yourself more pain by playing games with me, Madame,” the dark haired man growled at her. Then he spat in her face. The hot saliva mingled with the tears already streaming down her face and dripped off her cheek in a sticky glob. “I’ll be back tonight, and you’d better have some answers for me. Otherwise I’ll use the pear on you again.
Pear? What? What the hell is the pear? And what answers does he want? Hayley trembled involuntarily, and the man slapped her one last time in the face. The force of it knocked her onto her back, and she lay still, watching the gray ceiling as her captor moved out of the room. There was a loud clang as the door was shut and locked behind him. 
There was silence for a few moments before the low chatter of women’s voices drifted over to her. They were speaking a language she didn’t understand. She tried to move her body, to position herself in such a way that she could see the source of the talking, but her muscles would not give her anything. She was beaten, broken down, so she closed her eyes and prayed it was all a nightmare.

***

It was a nightmare, but it was far from over. She woke, still on the concrete floor. There was a queasiness in her stomach and her body was rocking back and forth. What the? Then she felt the fullness in her vagina, and the burn of the concrete against her bare ass. Her eyes opened and adjusted to the dimness. Her arms were pinned over her head, and her legs were spread open wide to either side of her.
Hard breathing and grunting came from the man on top of her as he raped her. His cock was jamming into her harder and faster with each thrust. He smelled like—she could not place the smell. He smelled clean, though. His head was bent down as he fucked, and she saw lines of muscles standing out on his arms. She was wet inside, so he moved freely, but it wasn't from excitement. Her body was simply responding to the situation in order to protect the tender flesh by lubricating it.
The man went in deep, deep enough to ache, and Hayley thought that if she weren't being raped on a cold concrete floor he might actually be a good lover. He made some deep guttural sounds and hammered himself into her in several hard bursts before finally climaxing. The force of his thrusts further abraded her ass, and then he pulled out and let himself shoot over her stomach and pubic hair. 
As he righted himself and let his hands drop down to his sides, Hayley took in his incredible physique. This wasn’t the same man who’d been beating her earlier. It must be his partner, or one of them. His abs were rippled and hard and topped by perfect pecs. His long, muscular arms were tan and covered with dark, tribal-looking tattoos that stretched from his wrists all the way up to his chest. He was a rugged, handsome rapist. 
Her stomach heaved, and she leaked a little vomit from her mouth. It burned in her throat. She tried to wipe it away, but her hands were bound by what must have been zip ties, since they were thin and warm like plastic. Her mouth opened to speak, but only a little bile and blood dribbled out. She must have been punched more. Maybe he did that while he was raping her, because her face was too sore to even speak. The man regarded her weakened, defiled state with what looked like a detached curiosity.
Then, suddenly, he leaned forward over her, and she could see clearly into his merciless eyes. When he spoke, it was like venom dripping from the fangs of a deadly viper. 
“And you deserve every bit of it, you fucking bitch. What does hell feel like?”

***

Hayley startled awake to find herself in her compound. Her chest was heaving, and she was trying desperately to get air into her lungs. She wiggled her arms in front of her and said a silent thank you that they weren’t bound. Just a dream, she thought, just a nightmare. It wasn’t real. But it wasn’t just a dream, not really, and she knew it. It was a memory. The image of the man raping her drifted up from the blackness that was her addled mind. The chiseled features, the hard muscles and the arm-length Maori tattoo sleeves. 
Holy fuck, she thought, it was Jay.





Chapter Five




Breakfast was quieter than usual. The night had worn rough on them both, especially Jay. He observed Hayley picking at her food, sliding the bacon and pancakes around the plate and creating a messy trail of food. She was looking paler and thinner the longer they stayed here. It’d just been three days, but even with food aplenty, this woman was getting more waiflike with each passing hour.
“What the fuck is wrong with you, Hayley?” Jay shoved another mouthful of food in and chewed, his jaw flexing. She didn’t look up but dropped her fork and continued to stare hard at the plate.
“Nothing is wrong.”
“Bullshit.”
“You don’t understand.”
“I don’t understand what?”
“You’ve never had to step outside yourself and study the wreck you’ve become. You’ve never had to look at yourself with different eyes than the ones you’ve had your entire life. You don’t get it!”
Hayley shoved away from the table, and the chair went flying backward, crashing into a large vase holding a pathetic Ficus. A piece chipped off the vase and landed near Hayley. She reached down and picked it up, holding the sharpened ceramic in her fist so tightly a dribble of blood seeped from her palm.
“Hayley? What’s going on.” Jay was on his feet but hovered several feet away. Her disposition concerned him. She wasn’t really there, a ghost of the person she’d been the entire time they’d spent together.
Or lack of time. She’d refused his entry into her bed for the past several days. 
“You’re hurting yourself. Tell me what’s going on, babe. I want to help.”
She shook, hugging herself with her free arm. “Why would I be such a horrible person? Who would strive to be like that?” She lifted the ceramic shard, mesmerized by the blood trickling down her arm. “I don’t deserve to live. My legacy is nothing short of psychotic. I should let them kill me.”
“For what? They’ll just replace you. Don’t you get it? It doesn’t end. You either take back your throne and use your power to change things or you lie down and wait for death. I know which one you should be doing, and it’s not the latter. Get a grip!”
He reached out grasped her wrist, giving it a firm squeeze.
She gasped as her hand went numb and dropped the shard. It shattered into a dozen more pieces. She looked up into Jay’s cold, hard eyes, feeling nothing but hate.
“Was it you? Were you part of it?”
Jay furrowed his brow in confusion. “Part of what?”
A low, resonating chuckle rose from her throat before she began to laugh uncontrollably.
“In Damian’s dungeon. That’s what the girls called it. I was there for weeks, wasn’t I? You were his henchman. A double agent. You’re a liar and a rapist. You always wanted to do those things to me and while I was there, you did. You acted out every sick fantasy you’d ever had. To me!”
She was pummeling him with her loose fists, smacking his face, chest and whatever else she could reach until he clamped his hands over both of her wrists. Bucking, she struggled to pull away using her legs to jab at his knees and attempt to catch him in the balls.
In response, he twisted her around, pulling her into a tight embrace while holding her arms down.
“Shh,” he hushed her, breathing into her soft tresses. She was starting to smell, and he kicked himself for not noticing her lack of interest in mundane things like showering for the last few days. Her clothes were clean, but she wasn’t. Her mental break had worn down these basic needs; even her need to eat was gone. She would wither away if she didn’t snap out of it.
“You did this! You did this!” she screamed, still struggling to escape his firm grip. It was pointless; he was bigger than her, and her movements were no match for his bulging strength. Eventually she gave in, slumping in his arms, and her wails morphed into soft, self-defeated sobs. Jay slid down to the floor, still holding her, and cradled her as she wept.
When she grew silent, he checked to make sure she was still breathing. She was. She was staring off into the room, her eyes lost to the world. Slowly, he loosened his arms but kept wary of her movements in case she decided to jolt out of his lap.
“What do you remember, Hayley? Did Alejandro tell you anything?”
She bobbed slightly back and forth, her stringy hair falling over her face, but she didn't answer.
“What did he tell you?” Jay kept his voice calm and low, hoping he could coax her out of her delirium. She needed a bath and food. How she could think straight right now was a mystery. But he supposed she wasn’t.
“Hayley?” he asked again. 
“He said you were not to be trusted. Why would he say that, Jay?”
Jay inhaled sharply. It made her turn to look at him, trying to sponge off any emotion he had to offer.
There was none.
“Because like you, things change.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
Jay let her go and got to his feet. He paced, running his hands through his hair as he walked. Then, scratching the days-old beard growing evenly across his jawline, he stopped and glared at her.
“I was a monster. Like you. I’ve known you for years on and off, and yes, I worked for you too. I was with Damian because I was his enforcer. I made sure his products stayed in line. In exchange, I was paid well and got to taste whatever goods I wanted. When he got ahold of you, I was no longer working for you. He knew I knew you and wanted to make sure I wouldn’t betray him and side with you. He made me do things to you I wouldn’t have ever dreamed of doing. Yes, I wanted to fuck you again, like we had before, so many times. But this time, you wouldn’t have anything to do with me anymore.
“You see, when I left, you told me to never come back. I told you I was going to return. I promised. I had to save her though; I had to get her out. You didn’t like that, jealous bitch that you were. You told me to never come back, even though we were lovers.”
“Who, Jay. Who did you have to save?”
He lowered his eyes to her. They were filled with an eerie darkness and hatred toward Hayley she’d never glimpsed in them until now. It shot her fear up until she trembled and backed away as she got to her feet. He was dangerous, two-faced and unstable, just as Alejandro had predicted. She was more afraid of him than the Saudis, more than anyone else she’d ever known in her short memory.
“Her. She was mine, and you sold her. You sold her despite knowing she was pregnant with my child. She was mine, and you had no right to do whatever you wanted with her. Damian made me work for him in exchange for her freedom. But like you, he was a liar. He didn’t have her there at his mansion. He stowed her away somewhere, and I know you had everything to do with that.” He slammed his fist onto the table, and their breakfast plates shuddered with the force.
“Who? What are you talking about?” Hayley gripped her head as though his words were like acid pouring onto her brain. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“My wife, Hayley. You sold my wife like she was piece of garbage. She was mine! She earned her freedom from you, and you… instead of letting her go, you sold her. She was pregnant. Did you know that?”
“I don’t know… what… you  mean.” Hayley slammed her back into the wall, sliding down to the floor as the tears continued to pour. She was shaking uncontrollably, and blood smeared from her wounded hand across her face and hair where she dug her nails into her scalp, wanting to rip away her skin.
“Sasha. She was my woman, I was doing everything you wanted to buy her freedom from you, and you fucking sold her when you found out we’d married without telling you. I was still fucking you like you wanted me to. She still bedded the men you pranced in front of her and wanted to impress. We knew the deal. But then… you found out.”
Hayley shook her head. “No. I don’t believe you. I wouldn’t—”
“You did. You sold her to a worse monster than yourself. You I could handle, but Damian? That fucker was more demented than you’ll ever know. You worked with him on shipments and probably laughed at me and Sasha the entire time as you dealt us this card. I fucking hated you for that.”
He inched closer as he spoke until he stood right in front of her. She pressed her back against the wall, and he got onto his knees and put his hands against the wall on either side of her arms, his warmth embracing her body as he pinned her there.
“Now you’re going to help me. You’ll tell me where she is, and I’ll get her. Only then, when she’s safe again, will I ever leave you alone. Where did Damian take her?”
“I don’t remember!” She didn't make a move to get away. She’d given up. That much he could see. He reached up, cupping her chin with his hand. It was as large as her face, and he could just move it down a few inches to her pretty neck and squeeze just enough to collapse her trachea.
“You will remember, and I’ll be here when you do. Then you’re going to help me retrieve her, or I’ll kill you. Then you’ll leave us alone forever. You won’t hunt us. You won’t even think about us ever. Got it?”
She nodded, her cheeks red where he’d just squeezed them together. 
A bloody, coppery taste filled her mouth where her teeth had cut into her cheek. She licked it away, swallowing the despair she was feeling. Bits of memory were coming back to her, but they weren’t returning quickly enough. It was all a jumbled mess, like someone had taken a film, chopped it up and tossed the negatives around the room in a turbulent disarray of memories. The impact of the few snippets of the past had already worn against her sanity, and she wasn’t sure she could take much more.
One thing was for sure, she would have to gain strength, arm herself and outwit anyone who was trying to kill her. Including Jay. Then she would run so far away no one would ever be able to find her again.
She wobbled over to the table, slid down into the chair she’d occupied before and shoved the rest of her breakfast down her throat. It was flavorless except for the iron taint still coating her mouth. Jay watched her with an intensity she’d never seen in him before. Chewing the last bit of food, she chased it with the juice sitting in her glass. 
Filled up, she checked her wounded hand and decided it wouldn’t need stitches. Glancing back up at Jay, she smiled. “When this is all over, I don’t ever want to see you again.”





Chapter Six




Jay imagined lashing out with a quick left jab, caching Hayley in the jaw and sending her into a deep sleep on the floor. He pictured her lying there, knocked out. He would strip her down, suck on those big beautiful breasts, make her body want him. Then, when she was wet with unconscious desire, she would wake and beg him to slip inside her. He would, of course. 
He would hold her down, hands over her head, legs spread out wide, and pump every last inch of himself into her. He would fuck her soft, then hard, then just when she was about to come, he’d pull out and finish on top of her, maybe even on her face. He’d leave her begging to have him enter her again. And would he? Maybe. Because he wasn’t over her, was he? He had loved her, loved her so deeply that the gash she’d left had never healed. He hated her and wanted her just the same.
He wanted to love her and make her suffer, he wanted it almost as much as he wanted his own wife back. He cringed at the thought of Sasha. She may not even be alive, but in his head he thought she must be. Her looks were nothing short of exotic. Rich, tan Mexican skin, black eyes and deep burgundy hair. She was one of a kind, and she would fetch a high price. He wondered if she still carried the baby. She better still have my baby. She’d only been six weeks along when she’d disappeared, not even showing. 
It was her pregnancy that had convinced him he needed to marry her, to make their bond legitimate, more than just a captor and prisoner. Even though Damian knew she was his, knew how he wanted to keep her, he still kept her locked away, unable to really be by Jay’s side. Damian was a damn bastard. A good-paying bastard though. And let’s be honest, he thought to himself. I could have killed him and taken the girl any time I wanted. But then the money would have dried up, and the money was just so damn good. 
It was money he was going to use to build an empire for himself, and Sasha, his queen, would be by his side, with his little prince sitting nicely on her lap. He would have strong muscular features like Jay’s and dark hair and a pleasant, kind face, like his mother. Jay would train him to be great, to rule when Jay no longer could. He would be like an emperor passing on his throne to his heir.
The thought brought a smile to his face, and then the bitch spoke and ruined it.
“What are you smiling at? How could any of this make you happy?” It was Hayley.
 Jay had zoned out and forgotten she was staring at him. He hated it when he blanked out like that. Her eyes dug into him. They’re looking for a crack, he thought, for a weakness. His jaw tightened. But she will find none. Jay stood abruptly, his chair falling behind him. He stared down at Hayley, her face still flushed from his palms. He wanted to fuck her, he wanted to hurt her, he wanted to love her, and he wanted to kill her. But for now I need her, so I’ll have to try to play nice, even though the thought of it makes me sick.
“I—I’m sorry I hurt you, Hayley,” he grumbled with as much sincerity as he could muster.
“Which time?” she shot back in that snotty way she had. 
The old Hayley is coming back, all right. Can’t just shut up for the life of her. He stilled his anger, though, and loosened his jaw so that his teeth were no longer grinding.
“All of them. I know that doesn’t mean much to you right now, but that’s because you’re hurt. Remember though, I was no more a monster than you. I still may not be perfect, but I’m trying to change.” That sounded good, right? He thought it did. In fact, it might even get him laid later if she started feeling guilty about Sasha.
Served her fucking right.

***

Sasha drove fast down the I-15 southbound, rarely stopping and pushing the car to the max speed while keeping her eyes open for highway patrol. She knew the trip would be long, and she did not know the way, but she was used to that. She never knew the way. All she had to rely on was her wits and her patience. During her time in captivity she had overheard a great many conversations. She knew the girls were usually taken to Las Vegas. It seemed to be the logistical hub of the sex trade in America, the one she had unwittingly been sucked into.
There was an uncomfortable movement in her belly, and she cringed back the discomfort. That too she would deal with, in time. Time. It was all there really was for a girl like her. She had come to America with hope and found that it was just another Mexico, with whiter faces and more money. There was no hope here, not for her. So she was focused on punishing those who had wronged her. It wasn’t right. She had paid her way here, dammit.
“Damian is dead,” she murmured to herself. She had heard the pig cop tell his wife that while they were both fucking her. She shifted at the memory, remembering the pleasant, warm fullness of his cock inside her—before she strangled him to death. “So that’s two down, him and the cop.” Esmerelda was just a bonus.
“Now I will find Madame H.” Madame H. was like Damian, only her empire was Las Vegas. Damian ran Texas, Madame H., Nevada. Sasha would find her and make her suffer, just as she had. 
Perhaps if there was time, if she could find a proper place, she would make Madame H. her prisoner, keep her locked in a cell for three months. Sasha was certain she could find men to come in and rape her. She would probably even get paid for it. 
The thought brought a criminal smile to Sasha’s face, the mistress turned into the whore. It would be poetic, it would be perfect. Sasha might even fuck the men too, for free of course, just to feel their hot bodies against her. She loved sex, she loved the rock-hard exaltation of climaxing on top of a muscular stud. The thought made her shift her legs, provoking a pleasant response from her sex. The roar of the Z35s six cylinder turbo vibrated through her, further entreating her lady parts to respond.
“There will be plenty of time for that,” she assured herself softly. “First, I must be patient. First I must find Madame H.”
Her stomach made another uncomfortable twist. Sasha was tough, she was fierce, but this pain was special, a moving wisp of fire deep inside her. She dropped open the glovebox and yanked a twenty-dollar bill out of the wad of cash she’d taken from pig cop’s house. He really should have been more careful about who he let see his stash. 
“He really should have been more careful about a lot of things,” she murmured and chuckled at herself. She pulled off the highway in Arizona somewhere—she wasn’t quite sure where—and rolled toward a gas station. She needed antacids, as strong as she could get, otherwise this nausea would prevent her from completing her mission.
As she pulled to a stop she thought about Jay. She shook her head. Jay was most certainly dead as well. He’d been one of Damian’s men, and if Damian had been taken out, Jay would have been with him. 
“Unless Jay is the one who took him out.” Hmm, the thought was intriguing and frightening at the same time. Jay had been an experiment, a failed one, but it had been close. Jay had fucked her just like he did all of the girls, but Sasha had given him something special. She’d reciprocated, she’d kissed his neck and his mouth. She’d massaged his body from his tight pecs down to his large cock. She’d done it with not only lust but intimacy. 
It had worked beautifully. Jay had fallen for her like a pathetic little dog in need of attention. She’d given him the best sex she could and had followed it up with loving sweet talk. Before long, he’d started promising her a way out. It had been taking too long though. Then she’d told him she was pregnant, and that had lit a fire under his ass. 
He’d been ecstatic… and panicked. He’d dragged a priest into the dungeon and forced him to marry them. What kind of priest would marry a rapist to his victim? she’d wondered, but then she figured the priest had probably been forced and was furthermore now probably lying in a shallow grave with one of Jay’s bullets in the back of his head. 
He had argued with Damian about her. She could hear it, all the girls could. They’d shouted furiously at each other, and eventually Damian had agreed to release her in one month if she began to perform like he wanted her to and brought in the money she was actually worth instead of being an ungrateful bitch like she had been. Damian would release her and give Jay a cut of the profit.
That was it, that was the deal. She shook her head. It was all about fucking money and fucking for money. She had worked so hard on Jay, so hard to earn her freedom, and he’d been too weak to stand up against Damian, too weak to resist the pull of the great American dollar. Jay was rich already, or so he’d told her, so why would he leave her there for more?
It was disgusting. Everyone used everyone for everything. But that was okay now. She doubted she would ever see Jay again. She hoped, actually. Because she was free now, and the last thing she needed was another dirt bag tying her up and holding her down. She would never be taken prisoner again; she would never give up her freedom. She would die before that happened. No… she would kill.



Chapter Seven




It had been a long day of doing nothing. Well, not nothing, actually; she had been spending her energy avoiding Jay. When he’d first come into her world, she had been frightened. Then that nervous fear had turned into a heat that had built up inside her until it ignited into lust. She had felt enamored of him, and damned if she wasn’t still sure he felt the same about her. Hayley pulled the clothes from her body and walked naked into the bathroom, where she had started a bath. The water was rising high in the tall soaker tub, and she found a red bottle of scented bubbles which she poured into the moving water. The bathroom was instantly bathed in the smell of roses. Huh, a pretty floral scent for the badass Madame H.? Whatever.
She waited another minute for the tub to fill, and as she did she gazed into the mirror at her nude form. She felt over her thin stomach with open palms then brushed over her breasts, causing a small shiver to run through them and finally up over her neck. Her fingertips delicately touched the spots along her jaw where Jay’s steely fingers had held her. She had light purple bruises there, just deep enough to be visible without concealer.
What the hell am I going to do? Hayley stared at the lost expression on her face. That woman in the mirror didn’t have the answers either. There were just so many conflicts. But I must focus on the one closest at hand. Jay was not a good guy, she had decided. If he would rape her while she was chained to the floor, he wouldn’t hesitate to sell her out to the Saudis or whoever else might want a piece of her.
“There’s no way I can trust him,” she said to herself. Hayley turned and dipped one long leg into the bath. It was hot, but the heat felt good as it penetrated, warming her all the way through. She settled down into the tub, letting her breasts sink below the frothy waterline.
If he has a weakness, it’s sex, she thought as she laid her head back onto the porcelain. So I can’t trust him, but perhaps… perhaps I can control him to some extent. A wicked smile crept over her face, a smile she did not know she possessed, and she closed her eyes. The smell of roses was strong and beautiful. In the warm water, her body seemed to melt away and become weightless. 
Yes, I can use sex to control him. It was an intriguing idea. After all, she was naturally equipped for such a task. She chuckled to herself. They call us the fairer sex, and we may be, but we are also the deadlier sex. Hayley should have been disgusted with herself; Jay was a married man, he was a killer and he had taken advantage of her. But for now, at least, she needed him to get her through this Saudi thing. And, she thought, he’s pretty good in the sack.
That he was. Hayley rubbed her hands over her body in the hot bath. She thought about the first time she’d had sex with Jay, the first time that she could remember, anyway. It had been hot and fierce. Her hands worked their way down her stomach and over the insides of her thighs. She thought about Jay naked, his torso rippling with huge, corded muscles, black and grey tattoos running over his chest and arms. Those tattoos did something to her, she couldn’t deny it. He would kiss her, put his tongue in her mouth and then maybe nibble on her lips while his hands found her breasts and caressed them softly. 
Her hands found a spot between her legs even hotter than the water, and she began to massage sweet circles around her clit. She pictured Jay sucking on her nipples, and they hardened. He would nip at them and flick his tongue over their soft surface. Little waves of pleasure would radiate from them. And then her would use one big hand to stroke between her legs, tickling her, teasing her, before he slipped a finger—no, two fingers—inside her. Hayley moaned as she slid two fingers into her waiting sex. Her back arched up to meet them, and she drove them in deep, enjoying the fullness. 
She pictured Jay slipped his big fingers in and out until she was raw with need, and then he would take his large cock to her, slipping it in slowly, then ramming it home. He would plunge into her over and over until she cried out in pain and in orgasm. He would fuck her rough, and she would come, in great waves, all over his hard cock.
Three fingers were sliding in and out of her now, and with her thumb, Hayley rubbed her clit until her body bucked and shuddered under the water. She let out an involuntary cry as the orgasm pulsed through her, causing her chest to heave and her eyes to squeeze tightly shut. Her fingers slid out into the bath, and her body calmed. That was nice, she thought before sleep overtook her satisfied body. 

***

Jay stood over the bathtub, watching Hayley sleep. Her bubbles had fallen flat, leaving him a clear view of her fantastic body, naked, resting just below the surface. How he hated this woman. And how he loved her. Against his wishes, he felt arousal building inside him. How easy it would be just to slide down into the tub with her, have her body wrapped around him. He reached out with a single finger and broke the surface tension of the water, sending little ripples away from it that obscured his view. That seemed to be his view of everything right now. 
His phone buzzed in his pocket. Jay frowned and looked down at the screen. His frown turned into a grimace then a sigh. He had made promises, promises to people he should not cross. Promises to people who had ensured him a huge payday that would set him up for life. He had to let go of Hayley. It was not only a necessity but an inevitability. She had an expiration date, and no matter how badly he wanted to keep her for himself, it simply wouldn’t work.
These feelings were maddening, and he felt himself swinging into another bipolar shift of mood. Maybe I could protect her. Maybe she and I could have something together? No, that didn’t make sense. He had Sasha, and he had his son, his prince. The phone buzzed angrily in his pocket again. There was a time and a place. He looked again at Hayley’s lithe body, warm and ready for him. He really didn’t want to give her up. He typed a quick response.
Hard men must make hard choices.





Chapter Eight




“I need a room.”
Sasha handed the motel front desk attendant crumpled twenties and eyed the short woman with salt and pepper hair watching her from behind the counter. Sasha needed to rest. She needed a hot shower and a meal too, but mostly, she needed to sleep. She’d driven almost nonstop from the fucker cop’s house to the small town of Mesquite, Nevada. Here, she was close enough to Las Vegas to be just a short drive away, but far enough her presence wouldn’t alert anyone who mattered.
Not that anyone mattered. Not even Jay.
She subconsciously rubbed her lower abdomen, feeling the flutter of life inside.
“That will be sixty-five dollars. Do you have a credit card for deposit?” The woman slowly and meticulously straightened the twenties with crooked hands ravished by arthritis. She must’ve been in her mid-sixties, and the remnants of a hard life were etched into every wrinkle of her leathery skin. She might have been a beauty when she was younger, but life had a way of squeezing that away.
“No. I don’t use credit cards.”
“I’ll need fifty dollars as a deposit then.”
“That’s fine.” Sasha tossed a few more bills onto the counter and straightened. She didn’t need any complications. She had money, so that wasn’t an issue. She had to remain untraceable if she was to find Madame H. and anyone else who was responsible for her torment.
“Here’s your key card. Room 142. Go down this way, to the right, and it’ll be on the left side, three doors down.” The old lady produced her change and slid the card her way. Sasha managed a smile on her hardened face, and the woman gave her a knowing nod.
There were some kinships only those with experience could ever understand. This woman must’ve sensed Sasha’s need for privacy and anonymity. Relieved, she took the key and headed in the direction of her room.
Outside, she paused as she stared out across the tiny expanse of the town. She felt eyes on her, but she couldn’t pinpoint where they were. Was someone following her? She scanned the darkening horizon but found nothing. Only dry tumbleweeds crossed the road toward the center of the dead end town. Nothing seemed to want to grow here, and she felt the deadening of the land around her. Beyond some buildings she could see the casino hotels looming like giants near the highway. This motel was off the main road but more toward the edges of the town and less likely to be noticed by anyone unless they had binoculars and happened to be peering in her direction from the nearest hotel tower.
She doubted they would even know who she was. Maybe it was some pervert jacking off in his hotel room as he watched beautiful women and prostitutes walk the streets. She felt tempted to flip him off but decided not to try her luck. Who knew if he was capable of taking offense, jumping on the elevator to head out to his car and drive all the way out here to disturb her rest. He could pump off to her image all he wanted to, she didn’t give one little fuck.
Pathetic.
Sasha made her way to her room, locked the bolt and chain and drew the curtains shut. Inside the darkened room, she tossed her bag on the floor and spread out on the bed. She’d fought the fatigue for days, and now it was creeping up in her periphery, threatening to overtake her. She had to hurry and shower before she collapsed from sheer exhaustion. She wanted to scrape the crud of the week off her body until it was shiny, bright pink and brand new again.
If only she could get back on her feet.
Sasha reached over and unzipped her bag. After grabbing a set of clothes, she managed to slump toward the bathroom and take that much needed, steamy hot shower. Afterward, without even changing into her clothes, she slid under the covers where the sheets sent pain scurrying over her body with every motion. She hadn’t slept well, eaten enough or taken care of herself for months. There wasn't much holding her back from sleeping for a week straight except the need to complete the mission embedded in her brain like a thorn that refused to be plucked. She had to finish this if it was the last thing she did.
Whatever came her way, she would be ready. But first she had to attend to the most jealous lover of all… sleep, relax, get high? She didn’t know. Sleep evaded her, like a lover refusing to bed her. She needed something to relax her nerves. That would help.
Reluctantly, Sasha pulled herself from bed, dressed once more and left the room.
As she went around the corner, she came upon a man in a dark ski cap and worn leather jacket paired with jeans, leaning against the wall. She didn’t slow down but walked briskly past him. He was lighting a cigarette. As he inhaled, the cherry glowed orange in the darkened entryway to the other side of the motel. 
“Hello, pretty lady. Care to relax?”
She stopped and turned her head toward the stranger. He kept puffing his cigarette like he hadn’t just interrupted her inner musings. His face was partially hidden by the cap and his week-old stubble. He was slender but toned underneath his tight jeans and form-fitting jacket. She could tell he wasn’t that much older than her, but he had probably lived a hard life of drugs, sex and possibly rock and roll.
And that was why she decided he was just what she needed. Dirty sex was a favorite of hers, regardless of what she’d been through. Especially with strangers. They had no stringent rules, no expectations, no follow through. A satisfying tryst with no strings attached. The best kind.
She stepped forward, coming inches from his body, staring hard into his dark eyes. He didn’t flinch but instead offered over his smoke. She smiled, plucked it from his fingertips and took a long, lung-expanding drag. It’d been ages since she’d smoked, but it wasn’t something one forgot. The bitter, harsh taste of it made her body vibrate with anticipation, and she held it back out to him.
“Good stuff. Got anything more relaxing in your stash?” she inquired. Her exhaustion was gone, and she inched closer. If he dared, he could kiss her if he wanted to. She wasn’t unaware of the effect she could have on men. Most guys never turned down a good-looking woman who had sex on the mind and let them know it. This was no exception, and he was certainly taking the bait. The sides of his smile twitched, and his eyes widened before slowly narrowing in a dreamy stare. She let him smell her feminine scent. He didn’t seem like the kind of guy who cared for vanilla-type sex, which was perfect. She never cared for the straight-arrowed, square-pegged type of men.
Was that what revived her and made her feel alive? Soliciting strangers for a piece of their life force to replenish her own? Something about these men gave her drive to continue another day in this harsh world. It was bleak, full of fire, death and lies. Nothing made up for it, but the small encounters she stole in the darkness of the city lights was all it took to hold on for one more day. She knew her world was unraveling at light speed, but one more night she could handle. One more person to share her bed and revive her when he left his mark on her, forever changed and yet forever unchanged.
“I got anything you need to relax. Just name it, I got it.”
“For what price?” she asked.
He eyed her up and down, letting his eyes linger on her long, sleek legs. 
“We can come up with an equal arrangement if you’re up for it.” He flicked his eyes back up to her gaze, a sensual grin gracing his features with a mix of desire and danger all at once. “What do you say, Miss…?”
“You can call me Sara.” No way would anyone else know her real name. She could deal with anonymity. It was easier to let go that way.
“Well, Sara.” He tipped his head, still checking her out and growing hornier with each passing second. “How about we head to your room? Or mine. Your choice.”
She pondered this for a moment and smiled. He couldn’t best her for nothing, and for once, she felt in control of everything, even this scenario. She’d be ready for anything, even in the most vulnerable of states.
And in the meantime, she could have some fun too, especially when she knew in the depths of her mind that the father of her child was having fun out there fucking whatever woman came along. He was nothing but an ass, and she would give him what he deserved eventually. But now, it was her time to thrive before she put bullets in the heads of all who’d wronged her.
“Your room will do. Come on.”




Chapter Nine




She dropped her bag on the floor of the less-than-perfect motel room. It could use updating, and the carpet looked like it’d been run over by an asphalt truck. It didn’t matter. It had a bed, and her second wind was hitting her hard as she watched the stranger turn toward her.
“How do you like it?” he asked. He waited for her to make the first move. How chivalrous. It wouldn’t matter either way to Sasha, she just wanted a nice, quick fuck to loosen her muscles and throw her into the longest, deepest, most dreamless sleep of a lifetime. He was her ticket to blissdom, and she was ready to tear his clothes off.
“I like it rough. Don’t hold back.” She yanked his jacket off, throwing him a wicked smile.
“I’d like my cock in your mouth until you choke.”
“It takes a lot to choke me, darling. I can take more than you can dish out. Trust me.” Her thick Spanish accent made his eyes widen with fiery desire. “What else do you want, and what kind of goods do you have for me?”
She jerked his zipper down and began to tug his jeans off. He didn’t even have to take off his shoes; she wanted his hardened member in her hand. It bulged in his boxers, and she helped it out, licking her lips. He was ready and swollen for her, bobbing in the air, teasing her with its possibilities. She stroked him with both hands before reaching around and grabbing his ass. 
“I—I….” He swallowed hard, already losing control of his words, for she chose that exact moment to slip his cock into her hot, wet little mouth. She sucked hard before bobbing up and down, taking in his length with ease. It made him even harder, and he had to breathe in deep to control his urge to explode all over her face. He hoped she swallowed, but he knew she wanted more from him than just a blow job. He wanted to last and satisfy her innermost desires.
If only she wasn’t some random stranger. He needed hot, juicy pussy like hers every fucking day.
“I love anal. You game?” he breathed out, the heat of her lips driving him wild.
She kept on licking him, teasing with nips of her teeth and eyeing him with her dark, chocolate-brown eyes that were so haunting, they sent shivers down his spine. She was made of stuff he’d only seen in the movies; sensually dangerous and lethal. There was nothing scarier than a woman who knew exactly what she wanted and took it, without regard to anyone else’s needs or desires. She was one of those kinds of women, and he couldn’t mess this one encounter up. He had a feeling it would be something he’d be dreaming about for the rest of his pathetic life.
Finally, she let go of him and stood up, pulling off her shirt and kicking off her jeans, along with a pair of bright red panties. She wore no bra, but her breasts were ample and begged to be taken by his mouth. He reached out, cupping them before bringing the hardened, dark nipple against his lips. Her nipples were swollen like his cock and larger than he’d expected. He loved them immediately and gave one of them a good suck, nipping with his teeth as hard as he thought she could stand. The other got attention too, and he rolled the pebble-hard nipple between his fingers, pinching it.
“Yes, baby, bite me harder. I want you to make me scream in pain.”
Pain was all she knew to be real. Pain was good. It reminded her she was alive and able to do whatever the fuck she wanted. Not many emotions revved her up like that. Most made her feel as empty as shells strewn across a forgotten beach. Pain was better than nothing at all.
“Oh yeah, baby. I’m going to fuck the living shit out of you.” He couldn’t wait anymore and moved her to the bed where he jerked her around and shoved her down.
“Yes, baby, fuck my pussy hard.” She curved up her ass, ready to be slammed with all he had, her cunt already dripping wet with anticipation. He obliged, taking the tip of his cock to her entrance, teasing just a bit as he tickled her over the edge.
“You smell like the kind of pussy I want to fuck over and over again.” He pushed in, slamming against her ass before pulling back and repeating. He began slowly, but her incessant begging prompted him to go faster and harder. He slapped her ass in the process, to the point where it was fiery red.
“Yes, baby!” she screamed, feeling the ripples of orgasm tear through her. She stuffed her face into the mattress, letting the oxygen deprivation fill her with a desperation only his cock could alleviate.
“Fuck yeah!” His sweat gleamed on his skin, and the effort sped his heart until it felt like it would burst from his chest. He slowed and shoved her to the side, rolling her over so she was under him. “I don’t want to come yet,” he hissed, feeling the pressure building up. “I want to feel this forever.”
Sasha smirked, spreading her legs wide and beckoning him farther up. “Choke me,” she demanded.
His eyes widened again, wondering what kind of request that was.
“Do it. You won’t hurt me. I’ll stop you. Do it.”
He nodded, sticking his cock back into her pussy, breathing out from the insane pleasure it gave him. He wrapped his fingers around her frail-looking neck and squeezed slowly. He’d never done this before, but he’d heard it intensified orgasms. 
“More! I want to feel my heart in my head!” Sasha snapped, impatient with his hesitation. He complied, tightening his grip until her face darkened to a deep red. She closed her eyes and let her head fall back as he continued. He’d cut off her oxygen, but the pressure of his hands on her neck as he continued to pump his cock into her made him want to explode. The mix of excitement, danger and sex sent his senses spiraling out of control, and as her mouth gaped, throwing her into a violent torrent of orgasms, she tapped his wrist, and he let go just in time to pull out. 
“Yeah, baby, fuck me in the ass while you do that again.”
She turned over, and he breathed hard, calming down his impending orgasm as he watched her spread her cheeks, welcoming. There didn’t seem to be any ill effects from choking her, so he proceeded, sticking his soaking wet cock into her ass, feeling the tight pressure decrease as she relaxed and moaned out into the pillow.
“Yeah, baby, harder! Fuck my ass until you explode! Give it to me!” she screamed.
There was nothing else to do but do as she asked. He liked being told what to do; it made things so easy for him. He let her tight hole envelop him. She felt amazing. So sleek and good. He was on the edge of exploding when he remembered to slip his hands around her neck again, squeezing hard this time without hesitating.
The thrill of adrenaline as he concentrated on choking her and fucking her ass at the same time took a bit of focus to control, but he was able to do it easily once he fell into a nice, rough rhythm. He loved this. It was the best fucking bliss he’d ever felt, better than any kind of drug. How had he gotten so lucky?
Sasha made a muffled groaning gasp as she came, grasping at his hands. Her orgasm ripped through her, and she clenched her ass hard, sending him overboard. He came inside her, like he’d never come before, his cock aching as it emptied into her ass. Finally, he let go of her neck. She gasped for air, hungry for it as it filled her lungs and she took in deep, raspy breaths as they both collapsed to the bed, side by side.
“You all right?” he asked, concerned he’d gone too far when she didn’t speak for several moments after their climax.
“Yes, you fool. I’m fine.” Her voice came out in a whisper, and he worried he’d hurt her, even though she wouldn’t admit it.
If she wasn’t so spent, Sasha would have laughed at the concern in his voice. Pain was good. Pain was life.
He slipped his arm over her, nuzzling her neck and hoping to calm her rage as she settled down from their romp.
She shoved him away. “Get the fuck off me!” she hissed. She jumped from the bed and began yanking her clothes back on. “Where's my drugs?”
He sat up, perplexed. “I just wanted to thank you. What’s wrong with some cuddling?”
“Cuddling is for fools. I want my drugs. What do you got?” She smoothed down her hair, her face still red, with blossoming bruises now showing on her neck. “Give me my drugs or I’ll shoot you, fucker.” She held out her hand, waiting.
This chick was insane! He jumped from the bed and didn’t even bother throwing on his clothes before reaching into his jacket and grabbing a baggie of Mary Jane and another of some meth.
“What’s your poison, lovely?” He dangled them in the air, hoping to capture one more glance at her beauty. 
She eyed both bags, contemplating which one she wanted.  
“Both. Give me both of them and some rolling papers too.” She wiggled her fingers, urging him to hand the stuff over. He sighed, gave her both bags and reached back into his inside jacket pocket for a packet of papers for her to roll the joints in. As he turned, he watched as she shouldered her overnight bag and held out her hand once more. 
“Now.” She was through with him, and he reluctantly reached out, taking her hand and placing the packet in her palm, not letting go when she attempted to pull away.
“What’s your real name, beautiful? I’m Christopher Fallon. I’m scared you’ll forget me if I don’t tell you. When whatever it is you're doing is all over, come find me. I’ll be here, in this town, waiting for you.”
She scoffed, not knowing if he was insulting her or being nice. So much tragedy had skewed her view of people, especially men. They were just tools to use, that was all. Anything else was just more suffering to inflict on oneself.
But his words had cracked the fragile shell surrounding her stone-cold, frozen heart. They’d made her feel alive for one moment, feel like she was breathing without pain, without chains dragging her to the ocean’s floor for once. It was disarming.
“It’s Sasha,” she whispered, yanking her arm from his grip, turning to the door and grasping the knob before she paused. “And don’t hold your breath, gringo. I’ll most likely be long dead before I ever return to this dump.”
With that, she swung the door open, not bothering to shut it behind her as she headed out to find her room, take a second shower and scrub his scent away, discarding the remnants of him forever.




Chapter Ten




At eight in the morning, Hayley’s eyes fluttered open. Soft light filtered in through the windows, and she stared up at the white ceiling for several moments. Her eyes played over the flat, white drywall, adorned with an angular crown molding at the edges, simple yet expensive, like most things in this home. No, not a home… this shelter, this glamorous bunker. Then she heard the reason for her early awakening. Three soft knocks sounded on the door. It was Jay, but why in god’s name was he waking her up so damned early?
Hayley arched her body out in a feline motion, stretching the muscles and popping little joints as she stretched. Then she pulled her legs out of bed. She was nude but for her panties, and she snatched a white camisole off the floor next to her bed. As she got up and passed the bathroom, she saw that the tub was still full. Hmph, I didn’t even empty it last night. Another set of soft knocks sounded at her door. She reached the handle and pulled it open. Jay was waiting on the other side. 
She sighed and offered him a smile. He looked handsome this morning, even kind. His face was shaved, and he wore a form-fitting polo. He cleaned up well, even with the dark bands of tattoos wrapping down his arms, escaping from the confines of his shirtsleeves. One might mistake him for an honest man, she thought. It would have been easy to forget that only yesterday he had manhandled her in the kitchen, leaving bruises on her face. It would have been easy to forget that he was a killer, especially when he flashed her a heart-stopping smile. Almost, if not for his eyes. Those beautiful eyes that could melt the panties right off her were still dark, and there was a fiery glint in them of something very malicious.
“Good morning,” he said softly, happily.
“Good morning, Jay,” she said, playing along. So he wants to play nice this morning? All right then, I can play.
“Sorry to wake you up so early, Hayley, but I have a lead on someone who might be able to help us, and he wants to meet up soon.”
“A lead? Who is it, and how can he help us?” Hayley cocked her head as she waited for his response. Her stomach was turning in an odd way, and her weary senses were starting to light up. 
“He’s an old friend. He’s been working with a man who knows your Saudi partners well.”
He sounded convincing, but Hayley was concerned. “So how can he help us? And why do we need to go to him?”
Jay let out a soft sigh but then composed himself. “We can’t bring him here in case he got followed, and we can’t talk about this kind of stuff on the phone. The FBI and DEA monitor phone calls, looking for anything suspicious.”
Hayley nodded but motioned for him to continue.
“I’ve convinced him to try to negotiate a truce between you and the Saudis, to give you time to get them the product they’ve purchased.”
“Women, you mean? Slaves?”
Jay paused but nodded. “Yes. If you give them their product, there’s a chance they might leave you alone.”
Hayley contemplated this. She stared into Jay’s eyes, looking hard for the deceit she was somehow sure must be there. But he was either a great poker player or telling the truth, because she saw nothing but the ubiquitous calm and cunning that had clearly defined his career. 
“All right, that sounds reasonable,” she agreed, offering him what she hoped looked like a grateful smile. She didn’t tell him there was no way in hell she would hand over innocent women to become sex slaves. She was no longer Madame H. That bitch was dead.
“Great,” he said, looking happy and relieved. “We meet with him at 9:30, so we’ll need to leave within the next half hour.” He gave he another stunning smile before turning away. Hayley was about to shut the door when Jay turned back to her. “Hayley, I’m—I’m really sorry. I hope you can believe that.”
Hayley nodded. “I know this is hard on both of us.” Bull fucking shit.
Jay grinned and turned away.
Hayley closed the door and leaned back against it. Could it be true? Could there really be hope for her? If Jay’s friend could help her, she might be able to get out of this deadly game she was playing. Only it wasn’t me playing, it was Madame H. She wanted to be free. Her memories were still like faded denim, but she knew they were there, and she knew they would help her and guide her in some way. She hoped, anyway. If she could get the target off the back of her head, she could run away, start over. She assumed Madame H. had substantial savings; perhaps she could tap into those and start a new life.
It’s dirty money, a small voice said inside her. It’s blood money.
Well, beggars can’t be choosers, she shot back. And besides, maybe I could do some good in this world if I had a little money to work with.
She closed her eyes. It was hard for her to hope; it was hard for her to trust Jay. He was handsome and intoxicating and an expert lover. But, she thought, he may also be a psychopath. His violent mood swings and horrid past kept her unsettled.
“Do not trust that man,” Alejandro had told her.
No, she thought, I will not trust him, but I will use him to get myself out of this mess. She remembered her thoughts from last night. Sex. That was his only weakness. I will play nice, and I will make myself enticing to him. I will make myself too good a prize for him to give me over to the Saudis.
Her mind made up, Hayley dressed. Thankfully, the house had a fantastic wardrobe, but she didn’t need much. A pair of low-rise skinny jeans paired with a push-up bra and a lacy camisole was all the adornment she would need. She examined herself in the mirror. Her full breasts peeked out enticingly. She smiled as she turned to the side, thankful she still had an ass to pull off the jeans. Some concealer, blush, eye makeup and a swath of lipstick across her pretty mouth completed her look. She let her hair fall down along the sides of her head, dark and wavy. She had to admit she looked pretty good. She smirked in the mirror and heard Jay knock on the door. Time to go to work. Whatever happened now, it would all depend on her acting skills.

***

Jay opened the door for Hayley, and she climbed into the Jeep. He couldn’t help but stare at her round bottom as she stepped up into the Wrangler. He wanted to touch it. It looked firm but soft and would be perfect in his large hands. No, stay focused. He shook the thoughts away and walked around to his door. She was smiling at him when he sat down. He was pleased with her cooperation this morning. In contrast to the last few days, she was actually quite pleasant, even enjoyable to be with. He almost regretted… things.
He started the Wrangler and sped away from the large safe house, exiting onto the gravel lane that led to the next civilian road three miles away. All of this land was private, all owned by Madame H.’s shell company. The Jeep kicked up a great cloud of dust and coarse earth behind them. He glanced over at Hayley. She was sitting quietly, watching out the window as they passed through the high scrub desert. She looked beautiful with the morning sun glowing in her hair.
Gravel gave way to asphalt, and the Jeep roared up to a comfortable cruise at seventy miles per hour. At this speed, traveling down Lake Mead Road, they headed toward the center of town. Once there, it was just a short jaunt to reach the industrial park behind the Las Vegas Strip. It was run down, dotted with closed strip clubs. He glanced at his wristwatch. Right on time. He looked over at Hayley again. Now she was watching him, a silly smile still on her face. God, she was beautiful. Jay smiled back. What he would give to go back and do this all over again. What would he change? Who would he become? I’ll never know, but there’s no going back now. Or was there? Again he had to shake his confused mind free from the medley of conflicting thoughts. Why was it that this woman confused him so much?
He focused on the road speeding by. The skyscraping towers of the casinos along the strip were approaching fast. Their lights were visible for miles. As he eyed the twinkling sparkles of color, he felt a warm hand wrap over his thigh. Startled, he glanced over at Hayley, who was dreamily gazing back at him with a veil of pure lust over her eyes. Her smile turned as wicked as the reflective gleam in her eyes.
“Watch the road,” she said with a mischievous grin.
“What?”
Hayley massaged the inside of his thigh, her fingertips brushing his penis as she did. He reacted instantly, his cock becoming engorged as her fingers began to stroke over the length of him. He shifted his hips, working up into her waiting hands as she began to stroke him harder.
“Hayley, what are you doing?”
“Isn’t it obvious?” she said with a chuckle. “Now stay still.”
To his delight and amazement, he felt the button of his jeans pop open and then his fly zip down. Holy shit, he thought. She pulled him out and started working her hands up and down his shaft. Jay let out an involuntary moan and bucked up toward her again. She held his hips down and lowered her head over his lap.
“Hayley, wait. What are you…? It’s broad daylight. Ah!” His words were silenced as Hayley’s wet mouth closed over his cock.
Oh god, her mouth’s so hot and wet! Jay writhed as Haley worked up and down the length of his cock, her mouth swallowing him over and over. She took him in deeper with each dip of her head, slipping him in until he was sunk all the way up to the hilt. It was mind blowing. She sucked as she slid along his length then used both hands to work his shaft beneath her mouth. He couldn’t hold out any longer as she sucked hard on the tip of his cock, gently brushing her teeth against the sensitive nerves.
“Oh, shit!” he cried out as his hips bucked involuntarily, and he climaxed hard, the orgasm blurring his vision and causing him to jerk his cock in Haley’s mouth, slamming impossibly deep into her throat. Hayley moaned as he came into her mouth, emptying all of his stress, all of his anxiety in one heavy load of pleasure. With one last nerve-bending suck, Hayley pulled off of his trembling cock, drawing her hand over her lips and smiling wickedly at him. My god, he thought, what the hell am I going to do?




Chapter Eleven




She stared out at the drab, grey parking garage feeling oppressed by the tons of cement surrounding them. Unlike the busy garages of the Las Vegas Strip hotels, this one was not exactly on the well-trodden path, just off Fremont Street. It was corded off for the most part and closed to the public. So why had Jay brought her here?
Ever single fucking alarm was going off in Hayley’s head, and she didn’t like it one bit.
“Where are we, Jay?” She didn’t get out of the Jeep’s cab; it would be like exposing herself naked in a crowd. She hugged herself, shivering but not from the cold.
“We’re supposed to meet here.”
“Who? Who’s supposed to meet us here?”
Jay scratched his head and checked his cell phone for the tenth time. It was a throwaway, the kind one prepaid the minutes on and ditched when it was of no more use. Shaking his head, he looked around. “I don’t get it. He’s supposed to be here.”
“Who, Jay? Jay?” The door slammed, and she huffed out in frustration. He was ignoring her questions. Why? Things were feeling odd, and she didn’t like it one bit. If he didn’t tell her what was going on soon, she was going to slide over, start the Jeep and hightail it out of here.
And leave Jay here? The thought had occurred to her, yes. She liked him. He was an excellent lay, and just thinking of his gorgeous, fit body made her sex soaking wet and her insides twist with warm honey.
Dammed if my fucking pussy doesn’t have a mind of its own. She had to get a grip. 
She watched as Jay texted someone on the cell, his eyebrows furrowed tight with a stern frown gracing his mouth. His sunglasses covered his eyes, but she was sure they were narrowed in frustration.
This didn’t feel right. Something was different. Jay was acting different. What did it mean?
She pulled the door open and stepped out of the Jeep. Just then, a sleek black Audi with noir-tinted windows screeched up to her. She could see her reflection in the darkened window a moment before the back door swung open and a pair of arms reached out to her, grabbing her wrists and yanking her forward into the dim interior.
“Hey!” Jay yelled from the other side of the cab. He’d never make it in time. Another figure shoved in behind her and must have come around from the other side of the car, ensuring she didn’t try to hop back out. This second person lay on top of her then slammed the car door and locked it. Jay was already at the window, pounding his fists against it to no avail. It must have been made of sturdier material than a regular window, for it didn’t even shudder or crack under the force of his fists. When he saw the window wouldn’t break, he abandoned it and jumped toward the door of the Jeep.
He’d left the gun in there, on his side. How very short-sighted of him! Hayley cursed as she bucked to push off the weight of the person who was crushing her.
“Stay down!” he snarled. She could tell it was a man before he even spoke because his Eurotrash cologne was filling her nostrils and almost choking her.
Fuck!
The car was throwing them all around as it backed out, swung around and screeched the hell out of there.
Gunshots ricocheted off the trunk. That was why the guy was still shoving Hayley down, to avoid getting hit. But the glass and metal held, and the car sped down the ramps of the garage at a perilous speed that tossed her stomach so much, Hayley bit her tongue hard to refrain from throwing up all over the back seat. Plus, she was more concerned with surviving this kidnapping and not getting shot by Jay, who had obviously forgotten she was in the rear seat.
Fuck again!
The car sped out onto the road, past Fremont Street, which was teeming with tourists visiting the endless stretch of souvenir shops and kiosk vendors while street performers peddled their music or cosplayers dressed as famous characters posed in exchange for a costly picture. 
No longer being crushed, Hayley was shoved into the middle seat as the man who’d jumped onto her straightened his suit.
“That was the most fun I’ve had in years.”
Hayley turned to look at the dark eyes peering at her from the front passenger seat. Tan-skinned with chocolate eyes, the man winked as he offered a flirty grin before donning his sunglasses and turning to face front once more.
Alejandro!

***

Fucking bastard.
“What the hell, Alejandro? What are you doing?” Hayley smacked the back of his seat, seething. His comrades next to her pulled her back and muttered incomprehensible threats in Spanish. She tried her best to not slap them. For all she knew, they had guns too.
“You kidnapped me!”
“I didn’t kidnap you. That gringo had you under his restraint this entire time. I’m sorry I didn’t realize earlier, but I couldn’t risk my family with him there. You see”—Alejandro turned back to her, once again shedding his sunglasses—“they are my first priority, and you brought him to my home, my sanctuary. I couldn’t put them in danger, so I sent them away to live with their abuelita in Central Mexico for a while.”
“What? Why would he do anything to your family?” She felt confused, like there was a huge chunk of the story missing, and she was trying desperately to capture and interpret each piece of information, but most of it was sliding through her fingers.
“He’s not who you think he is, niñita. Trust me.”
“How can I trust you? I don’t even know you.”
This remark caused Alejandro to betray a sliver of pain in his eyes before he caught the slip and donned his sunglasses once more. 
“You know me better than anyone has ever known me, Hayley. I’ll prove it to you in good time, but for now, we have to go to my place.”
Her eyes widened.
“Look, just drop me off now, I don’t want anything to do with… with any of you. You’re all liars.” Hayley couldn’t keep the confused anger out of her voice. The car made a fast right turn onto Bridger Street. No one spoke for a moment, and the men next to her glanced from her to Alejandro in the front seat, waiting for his response. She saw Alejandro’s shoulders slump a little, but he quickly straightened back up. Turning to face her, he eyed her through the sunglasses he now refused to remove.
“I have never lied to you, Hayley. Please sit quietly. If we are lucky, we will get you back out of this city alive.”
Luck was not on their side. They had made it fifteen minutes through the city when a large black SUV screeched around a corner behind them, closing fast. The Audi was doing forty-five already, but the SUV was on their ass in seconds.
“Vámonos!” Alejandro yelled, and the driver stomped on the gas. Alejandro looked behind them. “Shit, puta madre!”
“What is it? Who is it?” Hayley asked, turning around nervously in her seat.
Alejandro said something in Spanish to the men next to her, and they roughly bent her over onto their laps.
“Hey!” she objected. Dammit, these guys were like freaking Mexican gorillas the way they manhandled her, and she was getting damn sick of it. “Alejandro, what the fuck—”
“It is your other tan-skinned friends, señora.”
“My other…? Oh shit, the Saudis?”
Alejandro nodded at her. “You remember the gift I gave you when you left my home?”
The small pistol. Hayley nodded.
“You may have to use it. Be ready.”
“How did you know I had the gun?”
Alejandro chuckled, “How did you think I found you, niñita? The smile was jarred from his face as the SUV crashed into them from behind, causing the Audi’s wide tires to bounce and lose friction on the road. They fishtailed, then the tires caught again and they continued their high-speed run through the dense city.
“Ve allí! Abre la ventana!” Alejandro screamed at the driver. From her squashed position, Hayley saw Alejandro draw two silver hand-cannons out of dual shoulder holsters. Holy shit, she thought, he’s like the fucking Desperado! 
“Tómelo con fuerza!” he said, throwing Hayley a wink. “They will have to slow down when we go around the corner.” As the driver prepared to make a hard right-hand turn, the bodyguard in the backseat leaned onto her, putting even more crushing pressure on her. Alejandro rolled down his window and held each pistol up in front of him. He was taking deep breaths.
“What are you going to do?” she asked from beneath the pile of brown-skinned muscle. Unlike the one soaked in Eurotrash cologne, the other one smelled fantastic, like some long-ago cologne she used to inhale off her lovers, like CK One. She didn’t mind him one bit. Then she felt her ribs crunch a little and groaned. Nevermind. 
“Alejan—”
“Ahora!” he commanded, and the world slid sideways. The car careened into a slide, and Hayley saw their road only feet ahead. They would never make it. But the driver expertly feathered between the brake and the accelerator, and just as the street appeared, the hot tires squelched and gripped the asphalt, rocketing them forward.
“Stop!” Alejandro commanded again, and Hayley saw him extend both arms out his window. The guns went off—one two, one two, one two—deafening blasts. Alejandro’s arms raised slightly with each shot then lowered and fired again, as though he were a machine. He unloaded thirty rounds like this as the SUV tried to make the turn, plastering the big black vehicle with hot lead, mowing down the passengers. Then they were accelerating again, fast, the big V-6 screaming under a full throttle burst.
“I missed the pinche driver, goddammit!” Alejandro cursed. He dropped spent magazines onto the floor and rammed two fresh ones into the pistols.
“Get the fuck off me!” Hayley cried out. “I can’t fucking breath!”
Alejandro glanced back and nodded to his men. They got off her, and she sat up, heaving for breath. “I’m not sure I like your brand of protection, Alejandro,” Hayley snapped. Though honestly, she was pretty impressed. He looked like a gunman of the Old West, handling his pistols, if they had fine silk suits back then. She couldn’t help but feel a little flicker of hot lust from down below when she looked at his handsome face grinning back at her.
“Believe me, niñita, you don’t want those fucking Saudis to get ahold of you. Nice, white-skinned jeura to mess with? You’d be done for.” His face darkened, and his accent grew heavy as he finished reloading and eyed the vehicle chasing them through the busted up rear window.
“Don’t call me that! What’s it mean? Bitch? Are you a racist, or is it just the Saudis you hate?”
He looked back again, raising his eyebrows at her. “Palomita, you have no idea what those people would do to you. And I don’t hate all Saudis, just these ones. Oh, and bitch is puta, and don’t act like one.”
Hayley crossed her arms. This man was about as confusing as Jay, and she sure as hell didn’t need another violent, mysterious man right now. She just wanted a little bit of normal, or whatever the hell normal was to her.
“They’re falling back, señor,” the driver told him after a look in the rear-view mirror.
“Good,” Alejandro responded, letting out a long breath. “Keep going. Get out of the city and we’ll—”
Alejandro’s words were cut off as another black SUV shot out from a side street and smashed into them. The car was launched into the air and rolled fast. Hayley threw up as the negative g-force pulled her stomach in tight circles. The man to her right flew over the top of her and crashed into the opposite door, smashing it open with the force of his broken body and flying out. The car hit the ground in a violent crash of screeching metal and shattering glass, tumbling further.
Hayley was lost, half between consciousness and oblivion. The world was a blur of nauseating motion, and the deafening sound of metal dragging over rough asphalt was the only real thing. But there was something else too. A voice out of the abyss caught her attention. Someone was talking to her, but she couldn’t really hear it, she was so far away. 
The car flipped one more time, tossing Hayley enough for her head to collide with something solid and hard. That was when the lights went out completely, and in the darkness, she continued to hear the voice more clearly. The sounds of screeching tires and metal faded away. Thank god, she thought, and other foreign-yet-familiar things invaded her head.
The lights turned back on as she blinked, finding an expanse of white walls and the burning smell of disinfectant. There was a bright light overhead, and she flinched away from it until her pupils adjusted.
“Señora, here he is.”
Hayley turned to the woman’s voice. It was a nurse, a dark-skinned woman in pink scrubs. She leaned over Hayley, holding a swaddled bundle in her arms and cooing over it. She was confused. Where was she? What was happening?
“Tu niñito, señora.”
Hayley stretched her arms out to accept the little package and saw that she had an IV in the back of her hand. Her arms were bare except for an ill-fitting gown that barely covered her shoulders. Soreness wrapped itself around her body, but she was feeling elated. Why?
“I’m in a hospital? Is this a dream?” she whispered, but her words were ignored by the Spanish-speaking enfermera.
It must be dream, she decided, but already the car wreck was beginning to fade away like it’d never happened and this place, this moment, was all that mattered. She took the baby with care from the nurse’s hands and pulled him closer to her. Peering into the bundled mass, she found a tiny reddened face staring up at her with half-open eyes and a scowling frown on his lips. Something filled her insides, overwhelming her and giving her the sudden urge to cry. This baby… it felt like a part of her. It was a part of her. But how? She’d never been pregnant… had she?
Then a large brown hand slid over her own, hooking fingers with hers. She looked over and saw Alejandro there next to her, smiling and leaning in to stare at the baby boy. He was beaming. The feeling of elation completed her, and she wanted to feel that way forever. It was pure love, and she wanted it back.
“Our beautiful boy. Mi cielo. Our son.”




Chapter Twelve




He was a tranny, Sasha was sure of it. She pulled up to the curb. It was still early in the day, far too early for the partiers to be out and looking for fun, yet here he was. He looked bedraggled, beaten and strung out but not altogether ugly. His figure was nice, and under his tight t-shirt she could see perky breasts. He, or she, as she probably identified, wore tight black leggings. Her hair was a frizzy mess, barely contained by the halfhearted effort that had gone into taming it. Her rich brown skin had just a hint of rose on her cheeks, and she wore heavy eyeliner. Most might mistake her for a natural woman. Sasha was not most. The woman’s large hands couldn’t be hidden no matter which way she posed, and her Adam’s apple was most definitely not one of the features given to Eve eons ago.
And Sasha was in luck. This she-man was in desperate need of something. A fuck, a hit, who the hell cared. She needed something, and Sasha was ready to dangle it in front of her like a carrot to an ass.
She eyed Sasha’s car with indifference until she rolled down the window. Sasha motioned with her head for the prostitute to approach. She leaned into the car, and Sasha could smell vodka on her breath.
“You’re pretty,” Sasha started.
She smiled, revealing teeth that were a little crooked in front and slightly too big for her mouth.
“How much to suck your cock?” Sasha asked, flipping her rich red hair behind one shoulder. The woman paused for a moment, her eyes widening just a bit then returning and narrowing on 
Sasha just a little.
“Who says I got a cock?” she asked, feigning offense.
“Do you want my money or not?”
“Thirty-five,” the woman responded coldly.
“Thirty,” Sasha countered, knowing that everyone tried to barter.
“Look, it’s thirty-five, or you can fuck off.”
Sasha smiled and drummed her fingers on the steering wheel. “Fine, thirty-five. Get in and tell me where we can go.”
The prostitute looked behind her a moment then back at Sasha. She apparently didn’t look like much of a threat because she rounded the front of the car and slipped into the passenger side. “You must really want some dick to be out looking this early, lady.”
“Yeah, well, I’ve got a taste for it,” Sasha told her with a wink as she pulled away from the curb.
“Turn left here,” she instructed Sasha, indicating a service road winding through some aged industrial buildings. “Pull into that one, back around by the loading dock. Sasha did as she asked. “Money,” she demanded.
Sasha pulled out her wad of cash, watching the hooker’s eyes brighten. She unrolled five twenties and held them up for her to see. “I want to know where Madame H. keeps shop.”
The woman blanched as if she had been slapped then immediately reached for the door handle. Sasha flipped the lock down, and the prostitute clawed at the door, looking for the unlock lever that Sasha had pried out before she’d left the motel.
“Look, bitch, you don’t want to fuck with me!” the woman yelled, puffing up with anger in an impressive display.
Sasha pulled the cop’s pistol out and pointed it at her ill-fated hooker. “I took this from a cop after I shot him. Now if you think I’d have any problem putting a bullet through a piece of tranny trash like you, you’re dead wrong. Now tell me what I need to know and make yourself a hundred bucks. I’m sure you could use a few more hits right about now.”
The hooker’s face darkened, and her lips pressed together in a hard line.
Sasha cocked the pistol. “Come on, I really don’t want to have to clean your brains out of this fucking car.” She waited impatiently for the woman to try to work her way out of the situation. Once she realized there was no easy way out, she finally spoke.
“Madame H. is missing. She fucked something up, and now there’s a bunch of Saudis in town, looking for her, I guess.”
Sasha mulled this over. How the hell was she going to find the Madame if she was on the run? “Where are the Arabs staying?”
“I don’t know.”
Sasha backhanded the woman with the pistol, breaking open her scalp and knocking her against the passenger door. “I asked you where they were staying. Don’t fucking lie to me.”
“I said I don’t know!” she cried then held her hands up in front of her face. “Lupita said she saw a bunch of them Arabs in Gino’s Pita Palace yesterday though, and there’s a big hotel over there. I guess that’s where they could be staying.”
“Where’s the Pita Palace?”
“Corner of 7th and Bonanza Road, where everyone goes to get hot, thick meat stuffed into their yeasty buns.” The woman cackled, scratching her arms incessantly.
Sasha handed her the cash gently. After she took it, Sasha depressed the unlock button on her side. “Thank you. Now get the fuck out.”
“You’re just going to leave—” she began, but then Sasha raised the gun again, and the woman bolted out the door, tripping and falling onto the pavement as she did. Sasha didn’t know where those streets were, but she would look up the address. She hit the gas and sped away, leaving the displaced tranny staring after her. A sick smile crept over her face. Oh, it’s fucking on now, puta.

***

The clerk was a bore and useless to Sasha. She rolled her eyes and scanned the lobby of the hotel once more. It was an older, seedy place that reeked of urine and old cigarette smoke which was embedded in the walls and furniture. This place would smell that way until it was inevitably demolished. She hoped it would be sooner rather than later.
Scanning the rest of the place, she spotted what she needed. The security guard leaning against the ancient-looking cigarette machine was already ogling her. His hungry eyes betrayed everything this guy was made of, giving her all the ammunition she needed.
Throwing him a sly smile along with the tried-but-true flutter of eyelashes, she could practically smell his arousal from across the room. A toss of her lovely, red locks over her shoulder sealed the deal. That and a nice uncrossing and recrossing of her legs with a long pause in between for a good glimpse of her nether region, shaved and uncovered. His eyes practically rolled out from their sockets, handing her the key to all his reasonable senses.
Now to get what she wanted.
She rose and walked toward him with a hypnotic shake of her hips. She leaned over the cigarette machine, feigning interest in the packs. She never saw these archaic things anymore and wondered how they could just sell it to the public without checking an ID. A glance around the lounge told her it wasn’t a family-oriented place. A kid here would be a tragic thing and probably belong to a junkie freak getting it on in one of the rooms while they waited on their pathetic parent.
She wouldn’t be such a loser. Her plans for her child did not include anything near this low quality of life. No. Her child would never see the scrapings of the bottom of the barrel as long as she had a say in it. She would squeeze the Madame dry for riches and set herself up with her kid in some far-off tropical paradise. This shit hole of a town could fuck itself.
“Hello,” she smiled, smacking her gum in her mouth and licking her lips. “Got any change?” She waved a hundred dollar bill under his nose, but he wasn’t interested in the cash.
“Sorry, miss. I don’t carry any cash on me.”
She grinned, giggling in her girlish best. “Too bad. I could use a smoke.”
He eyed her, his pupils dilated at her nearness. “Smoking does bad things to you.”
“Oh, an occasional hit of good stuff is always beneficial.” She winked, and his face brightened. “You look like you could use something… sweet.”
“Sweet is always nice.” He eyed her from head to toe, adjusting his collar as he shifted on his feet. “What’s your poison?”
“I need your help, officer.” Sasha leaned in closer, her tits brushing against his chest. He sucked in a sharp breath, noticing her ample bosom.
“What can I help you with, love?”
She glanced over her shoulder toward the room, noting there were just too many witnesses present. She needed a more private place to take what she needed.
“Well, it’s kind of private. Is there some place we can go and talk a bit?”
His eyes narrowed some, watching her as she traced the outline of his security badge. It was a star-shaped, die-cast brass, a cheap imitation of a real police badge. She could tell he wished her fingers were stroking something else.
“I can arrange that, if you need some… privacy.” He motioned toward the hall past the clerk. “Follow me.”
She watched him leave, checking out his backside with gusto. He was a fine specimen. What was he doing working in a dump like this? She got that with the current economy it was slim pickings on jobs, but damn. He could be a stripper. It was a mighty shame he was wasting his time in a place like this. She’d make it worth his while. At least for this hour of pay, he would be getting a fucking bonus.
He took her to the back, through the rear kitchen where the cook was watching the football game on a tiny, old-fashioned TV/radio combo that rippled with static while he groaned and slapped it. In the back, there was a stairwell leading down to a basement area where the guard typed in a code and took her into the security room filled with screens showing feeds from the cameras that watched the halls inside the motel and the alleys outside. 
No one else was here to monitor the cameras. Only one guard per shift? What a cheap ass hotel, thought Sasha. Still, it worked to her advantage in every way. At the larger Strip hotels, it would have been much harder to get past security. Here it was going to be a breeze.
He turned, smiling again before his eyes settled on her tits. It was so easy to manipulate men. Just show them tits, cunt and ass and their brains turned control over to the other side manning the switches.
“So what is it you need help with?” he asked.
She smiled. She was glad he didn’t ask her what her name was. No, that would be too personal. She’d make one up anyway. It was better when they didn’t ask, meaning they weren’t going to be that opposed to whatever she had up her sleeve. Asking a name brought trouble. It meant they planned to remember you.
“I need a room key. There’s a group of Arabs here, and I need to get something they took from me. Would you help me out?”
He arched an eyebrow, paling. “I don’t know. They don’t look that friendly. I mean, I don’t understand a thing they say, but they don’t seem nice, if you catch my drift.”
She nodded, stepping forward and reaching down to the bulge in his pants. It grew at her touch, and she could feel his chest seize as he began to breathe harder.
“I’ll do anything for one. Whatever you want, baby. I need my stuff back, and I can handle a few Saudis. They are no different than most people, just a different language and color. We are all made the same with the same desires… wants… needs.” She massaged his cock, making him weak in the knees. His eyes practically rolled into the back of his skull. “You understand this, don’t you?”
Her Spanish accent thickened as she whispered into his ear, nipping the lobe with her teeth. He blew out a breath and shivered under her lips. It was working. He was melting like putty, easy to meld into what she wanted him to be. It was just a matter of time before he would give her the world.
“Yes, I—I understand. Goddamn, woman,” he hissed through his teeth as she jerked his belt off, unsnapped the button and yanking his pants down. His swollen member popped out, ready to be serviced, and that was something she excelled at. The one thing this life had taught her was how to give the most mind-blowing blowjob that would get her anything she wanted. Most of the time.
She stroked his cock, loving the hot, rippled sensation in her palm. Eyeing him through hooded lids, she threw him a wicked grin, hoping to ignite his need even more.
“What I can do for you, no one else will ever do,” she whispered as she slid down to her knees, grabbing his ass with her free hand to steady herself. He smelled of musk, like all men, but definitely delicious.
“Jesus, woman.” His grunt as her lips wrapped around his cock told her he was in the palm of her hand. Nothing else was needed other than a long, hard suck on his perfect dick.
She took him in, slowly at first, letting her tongue work its way down to the base of his shaft and back to the tip, expertly spinning circles and licking along the way. Running her teeth around the end made him gasp, and his cock bobbed with motion as he held back his orgasm. She could make him come fast; he obviously hadn’t been getting any lately. His moans and sharp gasps made her own insides stir, and she pondered whether a fuck would be in order. If not, she’d have to seriously give herself a good hard finger fuck or pick up a vibrator. She was going to need to blow off some steam somehow.
The only other thing that could get her off was a good killing spree. Maybe she’d get lucky and the whole bunch of fuckers upstairs with Madame H. would get their comeuppance by her hand. The thought of that alone almost made her insides explode.
“Oh, geeze, woman, I’m going to come all over you.”
“Mmm,” she giggled. “Come in my mouth, big boy. I want to swallow your sweetness, taste you for hours from now.” She flicked her tongue on his tip, and he cried out, trying as he might to hold back.
She sucked harder, his length inside her mouth as she reached over and massaged his balls. They were swollen, ready to explode, just the way she liked it. This pushed him over the edge, and the pulsating sensation under her fingers ignited into a rush of hot, spilling cum from his cock. She swallowed every bit of it, feigning enjoyment. It wasn’t her favorite thing to do, but she couldn’t let him come all over her face and risk ruining her makeup, so this had to suffice.
“Oh, Jesus, god!” 
“God had nothing to do with it.” She rose and wiped her mouth, giving him another coy wink and smile. “Will you help?”
Men are such simple things, and there isn’t much that a blowjob wouldn’t take care of. The guard leaned back against the wall, panting hard, his cock still hanging out and slick with saliva and cum. Sasha drew a finger across her lips and pressed against him, slipping her wet finger into his mouth. He moaned as he took the finger. She pulled it out then kissed him on the lips, dipping her tongue into his mouth.
“Room 327,” he finally gasped. “They’re in room 327.”
“I need a room key as well,” Sasha said, inches from his face.
“I can’t—” he began to argue, but then Sasha grabbed his dick and pulled along its length, causing his legs to tremble and another moan to escape his lips. “Okay, whoa.  I’ll get one.”
“Good,” Sasha purred with a smile. Because I’d hate to kill you.
They exited the large security room. Sasha gave him thirty seconds and then followed behind him. Two minutes later she was heading to the elevator, a plastic card with a black magnetic strip held in one hand. She pressed the up arrow and waited. Three floors and a few rooms above might be the key to finding Madame H. or even Madame H. herself if the Saudis had already found her.





Chapter Thirteen




Atif looked through the glass peephole of the hotel room. He was a big man, taking up most of the doorframe. His dark suit bulged out in his arms, barely concealing the enormous muscles within, and the chest puckered out awkwardly, betraying the shoulder-holstered pistols waiting there. His eyes narrowed as he stared out the door. A shadow of a woman walked by. It was a boring job, but it was his; he was the door guard. A muffled scream came from the large bathroom farther inside the suite, where Fares was interrogating the woman. Atif smiled and turned away from the door. He would return to the peephole any time he heard steps close to their room. 
Taha and Ayman were sitting in the suite, reclined on the bed, watching a DVD. Independence Day, he thought it was. Tied to a chair, slumped over and motionless next to the room’s large locked window was the Mexican. They didn’t really know who he was, but judging by the man’s thousand-dollar suit and finely-crafted pistols, he was someone important, as important as these Westerners thought they might be anyhow. He won’t be saying anything anytime soon though, even if he would talk. 
They had beaten the man for two straight hours, and all the stubborn Mexican did was spit insults at them in Spanish. Then Taha had lost his cool and belted him over the back of his head with a pistol. Fares wouldn’t be happy about that, but he had his hands busy with the woman anyway. Atif sighed. He longed for a little action. He was still a little amped up after the car chase. His vehicle was the one the Mexican had shot up, killing three of his comrades. He had been the driver, and he felt some responsibility for their deaths. He wanted to exact revenge on this piece of shit, but Fares wanted information first. Atif thought about punching the wall, just for something to help clear his anxious mind. 
He heard footstep in the hall and turned lazily around back toward his post at the keyhole. Then there was an electronic click, and the green light on the inside of the door lock flashed. Oh, shit! Atif lunged for the door, but he was six feet away and it was already opening. He missed the edge of the door by inches, and a caramel-skinned woman with red hair stepped over the threshold. It took a moment for him to register the large black revolver in her hand, and by the time he started to reach for his shoulder holster, it was too late.

***

Sasha unloaded two rounds into the big guard’s chest. His eyes bulged, and he took one gasping breath before falling backward into the room. She strode past him, and as the roar of the gunfire softened, she heard a woman’s screams; they were coming from the bathroom. She’s here. Sasha didn’t have time to fully assess the situation, because another black-suited Arab was racing toward her. She never stopped moving, and the big gun roared in her hand once more, sending supersonic lead rocketing through the thick, smoky air of the hotel room. The big Saudi man’s head snapped back as a .357 round blasted through his skull. She took two more steps, saw a dead or unconscious man strapped to a chair, then turned. 
Gunfire blasted at her from around the corner, and Sasha dove forward, landing on her side at the foot of the bed. Whoever was shooting was using a semiautomatic, and bullets pounded into the bed, trying to hit her. Ten seconds later the shooter had an empty magazine. Sasha shot up, pivoting and swinging the heavy steel revolver. Her finger jerked against the trigger twice, and the Saudi’s bearded face exploded, painting the wall behind him a mottled red and black with blood and chunks of sticky brain matter. There was a moan behind her, and Sasha turned to see the man she thought was dead stirring. His face was swollen. He had been beaten within an inch of his life.
“The bathroom,” he gurgled through battered lips. “The bathroom.”
“Is Madame H. in there?” she growled. He nodded, struggling to open his eyes.
“Cut me… cut me loose,” he said.
“Not a chance,” Sasha snapped and turned on her heel. She walked to the bathroom and heard a crash behind her. The beat-up Mexican had tipped over in his chair, struggling to free himself, but by the looks of him, he wasn’t going to last long anyway.
Sasha knelt by the bathroom door, ignoring the struggles of the man in the chair. She listened. She heard soft cries and even softer whispers. Madame H. was in there along with another of the Saudis. She blew out a breath. She was at a disadvantage here. Fuck it, you’ve come this far. Stepping to the side, Sasha twisted the handle and shoved the door in. Nothing happened, no gunfire. She swung around the corner fast, the gun held in front of her. She only had one bullet left, maybe two.
What she saw shocked her, but she held firm. Madame H. was there. She was sitting on top of the toilet, or rather, a man was sitting on the toilet, holding her naked body against him as a shield. The Madame was bloody from her neck down to her thighs. Her skin was red, and Sasha saw burn marks on her inner thighs. They had been torturing her. Her cunt was spread open, with some sort of silver-handled object stuck inside. Even that was bleeding a little. Some may have felt pity seeing this horrific scene, but Sasha felt no such emotion for this wretched woman.
The man holding the Madame shouted something at her in Arabic. He was hiding his face just behind Madame H.’s and holding a razor to her neck. He shouted again, and it clicked for Sasha that he had no gun. The man made a cutting motion against the Madame’s neck.
“I kill her!” he shouted in barely passable English. “You not save her.”
A wicked grin spread across Sasha’s face. “I’m not here to save her, you fucking idiot,” she sneered, and fired. 
The bullet blew through Madame H.’s ear, pulverizing the flesh and cartilage, and then struck her Arab torturer in the face. Madame H. started screaming as blood poured from her ear and fell forward onto the floor, her hands bound behind her back with cord. She made a loud thunk as she hit.
“Don’t worry, Madame,” Sasha chuckled. “The fun is just beginning.” Sasha grabbed her by the hair and dragged her out of the bathroom. As soon as she cleared the door, Sasha looked out into the room, and a dark object swung at her face. She felt an explosion of pain, and then the world went black all around her.




Chapter Fourteen




Alejandro dropped the wooden chair leg and reached down to the red-haired Mexican woman to check for a pulse. She was breathing, and her heart still thumped strongly. Alejandro pulled her out of the way and saw Hayley for the first time. She was face down on the bathroom floor, bleeding and whimpering softly. A tear formed in his eye as he saw her shredded ear. Even with the best plastic surgery, she would be disfigured for life.
“Hayley, Hayley,” he called to her, aware of how muddled his voice sounded. His lips were split and swollen, and his mouth was bone dry. It felt like it was filled with dust.
He gently turned Hayley over and then gasped.
“Dios mio, m’amor! What have they done to you?”
Hayley finally saw him, through bloodshot eyes that were filled with tears. Her cheek was swollen badly, and blood from her ear covered half her face. Alejandro tried to pull her to a standing position but Hayley cried out in pain.
“No! Get it out, get it out of me!” Her eyes were wide and frantic, and he lowered her back down, only then seeing the shiny handle sticking out from between her legs.
“What the—?” He gently spread her legs and examined the object that had been inserted into her. It had a metal handle that turned, and Alejandro surmised that it opened and closed some type of torture device inside her, like a speculum. He carefully turned the handle, reversing the threading, and after a few turns he felt the tension on the device weaken, and it slipped out of her. He held up the bloody object, aghast at its sick purpose. It looked like a metal pear with a handle at the end. The pear itself was made out of four leaves, and when the handle was turned, those leaves spread open, doing unspeakable things inside Hayley's body.
He dropped the pear to the floor and pulled Hayley to her wobbly feet. “We must go now, Hayley. There will surely be more coming.”
Hayley nodded. “My clothes,” she squeaked.
“Of course.” Alejandro helped her out of the bathroom and past the Mexican woman on the floor. Hayley observed her with curiosity as she moved past. The woman looked familiar somehow.
Alejandro set her down on the edge of the bed and found where her clothes had been tossed into a pile against the wall. He gently pulled Hayley’s garments over her beaten body, cringing every time he saw another deep red burn mark. He wanted to ask her about them but felt this wasn’t the right time.
When she was dressed, Alejandro collected guns from the men in the room. He let a smile creep over his face when he located his two pistols in one man’s coat.
“Who is she?” Hayley asked, her voice hoarse. She was pointing at the red-haired woman.
“I don’t know, but she saved us. She killed all these men.”
“And shot my ear off,” Haley mumbled.
“Yes. I don’t think she is a friend. All the same….” Alejandro trailed off. “She did save our lives, even if it was a function of some other final motive.”
“She looks familiar to me,” Haley said. “I don’t remember her, not exactly, but I think she may have been one of my girls.”
Alejandro frowned at the woman. “So her purpose here could have been vengeance. On you.”
Hayley caught his eye. One of hers was swollen shut now, the other bright and blue. “We take her with us, Alejandro. Even if she wanted to kill me, she has earned her right to live.”
Alejandro opened his mouth to argue, but she would have none of it.
“You said there would be more coming. If they find her here, they will torture her for information. And no one—no one—should ever have to experience that.”
Alejandro blew out a breath. “Fine, Hayley.” He bent down and searched the woman’s body for weapons. He tossed the empty revolver away from her and picked her up. She had two black eyes, and her nose was bleeding across the bridge, where Alejandro had struck her. 
“Grab a glass of water, Hayley. We’ll have to wake her.” He set the woman down in a chair and found his suit coat, rummaging through the pockets until he procured his cellphone. He dialed a number and spoke in rapid Spanish. He then flipped the phone closed. 
“My people are coming. We need to get moving though. We have to get out of this room.” Hayley nodded. She was trying to get some water into the redhead’s mouth. 
Removing a beat-up woman from a hotel in the middle of the day was no easy task, especially when you looked like you had been through a war yourself. Alejandro and Hayley carried the woman through the hall to the elevator, praying no one would come out of their rooms. Thankfully, most of the guests were out enjoying the day, hitting up the pool or the many casinos out on the Strip only a few miles away. They took the elevator down to the basement and then struggled up through an access stairwell to a discreet exit into the parking garage. 
Alejandro flipped out his phone once more and spoke to his driver. Two minutes later, a shiny black limo pulled up, and they slipped inside. His doctor was in the back seat, looking beautiful and ready for anything. She immediately sprayed Haley’s torn-up ear with an antiseptic that burned like a motherfucker then wrapped a large bandage around her head. She turned to Alejandro, but he waved her off and motioned to the redhead. She’d stayed awake just long enough for them to get her to the car, but she was asleep again. His doctor nodded and pulled the woman’s eyes open, examining her pupils.
“She has a concussion, certainly, but she will regain consciousness soon, I think.”
Alejandro nodded. “Good. Bind her hands before she does though. She is not necessarily a friendly.”
The doctor raised her eyebrows as him, looking somehow even more sexy when she did, but then nodded and slipped a long, black zip tie out of her bag and around the woman’s wrists.
Hayley stared for a long time into Alejandro’s beaten face as they drove. Then she finally spoke. “Take us somewhere safe, Alejandro. And tell me about our children.”

Did you like what you read?
Please consider leaving a review HERE.
Book 3 of The Deadlier Sex is coming soon!



About the Author


Maelani
Hello, I’m Maelani! I am the penname for two awesome co-writers: Maelani Reese & Nataleigh Sharp. Check our site out and follow along for more intriguing, steamy hot stories! I write about love, romance, and sexy themes. I want to make you feel, cry, inhale, exhale, sob, scream and most of all...love. I live in Las Vegas, NV where the lights never cease and the heat can be sticky hot. I love to listen to music and travel anywhere.

Love is but what we make. Be obsessed.

Join me now and remember most of all to let your inner sensuality out.

Follow Maelani here:
Facebook
Twitter
Newsletter


