
FATAL JEALOUSY
She’s the number one suspect when all the men she’s ever dated begin to die... one by one...
BLACK WIDOWS SERIES
BOOK #1

Romantic Suspense
Christina OW
Chapter One
As they looked into the interrogating room through the one way mirror. “I’m glad this is over.” Richard said to Carson, with a sad tone in his voice. Carson turned and looked at his boss with a poignant look on his face. The distress in his voice was hard to miss, he felt the same way; he always did after cases like this, which was practically every case. They never came out as winners, just satisfied to have put a stop to it.
The Behavioral Science Unit was an arm of the Federal Bureau of Investigation that dealt with serial killers and psychopathic behavior. They knew nightmares came true, the boogie man did exist, Halloween tricks or treats could be the death of the partier, and they lived realities that others wouldn’t be able to bear.
“It never gets easier.” Carson turned back to the serial killer wishing he had the power to do more than just arrest the shit head. “If only there was a way to stop them before the act.” He had killed six families in the most gruesome of ways, leaving their bodies bloody and in pieces.
It’s the kids that hit Carson hard; he hated it when the victims were children. “You know, they put you through all this training. Telling you what to expect and training you to expect the unexpected, how to read people and how to think like psychopaths but they never teach you how to handle how bad it screws you up.”
“It’s like throwing a child in the deep end of a pool and watching him struggle to swim,” Doran said as he joined the duo, “but the parents aren’t too far away just in case the child hasn’t found his fins yet.”
Carson chuckled, stepping back to give the old man some room, “So you and Richard are the parents?”
Running his hands over the sides of his jet black hair Richard protested, “Hey! I’m not that old!”
Carson knew he wasn’t, but the job had aged him beyond his years.
Richard was taller than Doran but a few inches shorter than Carson. His light pink skin was the contrast color to his everyday dark suits. His dressing was ill influenced by the James Bond movies, the complete opposite of who he was, unlike Carson who stayed true to himself. He was always in jeans, a tee and a leather jacket. He believed in being comfortable if he was going to chase a suspect down, and a suit wasn’t comfortable. He kept his kinky hair cut short and had a finely cut beard and moustache to frame his ‘lady killer’ smile like a perfect portrait Carson laughed at his insecurity, “I didn’t say that! I just said you’ve been in this business longer than the rest of us.” He turned and walked out of the room with a swagger in his step, the other two following close behind him. Once in the bright case room, he gave the room a quick sweep, out of habit. He smiled and bit his lower lip when his eyes came to a quick stop on Gwen’s ass. His hands hadn’t touched that for over a week. He had to fix that.
She turned to him, with a knowing smile, pushed her chest out slightly and widened her cleavage.
Carson’s eyebrows popped up. Taking a moment to appreciate the effort, he went on with the sweep and ended on Audrey’s furrowed brows and pressed lips. He chuckled and winked at her.
Doran punched him in the shoulder, “Don’t let the white hair fool you kid, I can beat you in a boxing match any day.” 
Carson rolled his eyes. One win and the guy thought he was Muhammad Ali, “I’d never boxed in my life. I didn’t know what I was doing.”
Doran’s smile deepened, “For the first thrashing, maybe, but not the second.”
He groaned. He was supposed to be the muscle of the team, and an old man beat him, twice. “I want a rematch.”
“You are on!”
“Are you sure you want to do that?” Kevin asked, with true concern in his voice. With a quick jerk of his head, he tossed his mop hair to the side.
Carson sighed. The genius of the group had an opinion on everything.
“Carson has been practicing and his sparring partners are twice your size... and younger. You can’t afford to break a bone Doran.” He said with a-matter-of-fact voice.
Carson flexing his muscles in exhibition, laughed.
“Thanks for your support kid. Then Gwen will be my champion.” Doran said, walking out of the room with Gwen. She was tall, skinny, with a fire red bob cut that completely matched her personality.
“Oh no. Carson is my partner, we back each other up,” she said, giving him a wink and a teasing smile.
Carson tried to escape the short round girl, with a wild imagination, mirrored by the different hair color she had every week, but he’d barely made it two steps when she pinched his ear and pulled him down.
 “Please tell me you are not still sleeping with her?” she scolded, in a low harsh tone, “You know what will happen if Richard finds out?”
He kissed her forehead and looped her arm with his, “That’s why he won’t find out sweet cheeks.”
“You are asking for trouble Carson, what, this job isn’t exciting enough for you?”
“She’s just a distraction and I’m her distraction. She and I don’t have families. The rest of you do. Speaking of, did Paloma go home already?”
Audrey’s face collapsed in sadness, “After a case like this, if you had children where would you be?”
Carson pulled her under his arm and held her tight, “That’s why I don’t have kids, but I do enjoy the practice, so, so very much.”
Audrey punched him in his side playfully, with a laugh, “You are so full of yourself! You do know you’re not that hot?”
He cocked an eyebrow at the statement. “Oh, is that why you’re here with me instead of your computer geek boyfriend?” he asked, in a soft tone and a sweet titillating smile.
“I’m immune to that, lover boy, how else would our friendship work. Amin and I have a lot in common, we are both computer geeks and we love each other.” She pulled away from him when they got to the car park, “You know, love, a word that is still very foreign to you.”
Truth was she just wasn’t his type. Maybe if she shed a few pounds... but even then he just wouldn’t go there with her. She was his person.
“Very funny,” he said, before he turned to the rest of the group, “So, who’s going home and who’s coming out with me?”
Richard was getting into his car, “My wife and son are waiting for me.”
“I’m too old to go clubbing. I’m just going to have my glass of milk and go to bed early.” Doran joked, as he walked away.
Audrey gave him a hug, “It's boyfriend time, sorry babe.”
Carson couldn’t believe he was asking this but, there was no one left to ask, “Kevin, what about you?”
“I have an online date with the internet gaming community. Thank you for asking though, I figured I’d be the last person you’d ask.” Carson looked at him with a raised eyebrow and his smile shrunk, “And apparently I am.”
Carson’s lips rose in half a smile as he stared at Gwen lustfully, “Gwen, you got plans tonight?” Audrey looked at him with disapproval, but he didn’t care. He didn’t feel like being alone tonight and Gwen was the best distraction he could think of.
“Sorry partner,” she said the word softly, “I have other plans.”
Carson was a little disappointed but he knew what she meant. Someone else was occupying her bed tonight, which was good. This way, it would be easier to end their arrangement once he got bored.
“Why don’t you go out tonight on your own, maybe meet someone?” Audrey hinted.
“Good night, guys.” Carson said, laughing at Audrey and her moral compass. He was glad she always looked out for him, and sometimes kept him out of trouble, but Gwen was one subject they’d just have to agree to disagree on, at least until he got bored of her.
****
Ellie spoke into the phone impatiently, “Ellsa, are you sure he’s coming?” She hated being stood up, as much as she hated blind dates.
“I’m sure he’ll be there. Have you been watching out for him? He’s pretty hard to miss.” She answered impatiently.
Ellie stood up from the table to leave, “Your definition of a hot guy is very different from mine.” She wasn’t going to wait any longer; she’d just tell Ellsa she did meet the guy. It’s not like she’d interrogate her for details- wait she would. She loved her twin sister for worrying about her, but when it came to her love life, she just wished she’d keep her nose out of it.
“Artists are tortured souls,” Ellsa said, with revulsion, “So your taste in men and how you get them is horrible. So, for once, do us both a favor and do as I say.”
Ellie went quiet for a moment, her grip tightening around the phone. She felt guilty for ruining another one of her sister’s relationships. It’s not like she did it on purpose, but for some reason they just tend to like her better than Ellsa once she’d met and spent time with them. Once, they went speed dating just for the hell of it, and the two guys Ellsa liked seemed to want Ellie more, which was a little surprising.
Ellsa and Ellie shared the same features; dark skin, tall, skinny and with curves in all the right places. They both had average long hair- Ellie wore hers in loose curls and Ellsa wore hers depending what was in fashion. Ellsa was sophisticated with very expensive taste, but Ellie on the other hand was simple and loved the rock- chic style.
“Okay...” Ellie conceded.
“If you hadn’t noticed, I can’t lip read through the receiver! Speak up or text... or better yet, go buy a phone made in this decade!”
“There is nothing...” Ellie yelled. Then she held her phone over her head like she was about to throw it. Arrgh! Ellsa was getting on her last nerve!
“Ellie? Ellie! I bet that contraption is dead! Stupid dial up...” Ellsa’s loud voice came through the receiver.
Ellie brought the phone back to her ear and patiently interrupted her sister’s rants, “Ellsa...”
“What did you do to get it to work? Knock it on the table?”
Ellie bit back a hiss. I need a drink!
She walked to the bar, sat down and took out the piece of paper with the guy’s name on it, “Okay I’ll wait five more minutes, if he doesn’t get here Ellsa....”
“He’ll be there,” she said, sounding very sure of herself, before she hung up.
Ellie put her cell back in her purse before she ordered a shot of vodka. She pulled down her dress when it rode a few inches higher up her thigh. She hated the dress, it wasn’t her style.
 She ordered another shot and a beer. Ellsa would disapprove of the butch drink, but with every minute that passed Ellie was sure the guy wouldn’t turn up so, screw it! She tossed back her shot before she took a swig of the beer right out of the bottle.
“Something doesn’t quite fit in this picture,” A man’s voice said, next to her. His tone was low and very seductive.
Taking another swig of beer without looking at the guy, “Oh yeah, what?”
She liked his voice but she was worried his face wouldn’t match it. In most cases they never do.... maybe after a few more shots she thought to herself as she signaled the bartender for another shot.
“You have an expensive dress on, with equally expensive and high taste in shoes and jewelry. Your hairdo must have cost as much as my rent and your make-up is like most rich celebrities. God forbid they have a bad picture taken by the annoying paparazzi.”
Ellie laughed as she turned to look at the man who was boldly taking her facade apart, “Wait, what?” She was gob smacked by the man’s smile. She bit her lip to hide her relief as she looked him over. His face and body did match his voice. Ellie sucked in a breath. He was a tequila fire bomb!
 “Don’t get me wrong you are easy on the eyes in that get up, but it doesn’t look anything like you,” Carson signaled the bartender for a shot.
She turned to look at him, one leg crossed over the other. She didn’t mind that the dress rod up a few more inches. She prayed her blind date didn’t turn up! “Considering you’ve just met me, how would you know what I’m like?”  She asked, with a smile, lifting her knee more over the other and accidentally grazing his leg.
Carson swallowed hard and smiled. “Well, no one with such expensive taste would be hitting back a beer and shots.”
Ellie laughed, taking another swig of her beer. “She’d probably sip on wine and nurse the glass for an hour. She would not want to be perceived as one who loves her liquor,” describing her sister’s drinking manner.
“Let me guess, your friend dressed you up for a blind date with someone more her type?”
“My sister, and yes, I think she did. The only problem is I don’t think he’s going to turn up. I hate blind dates.”
“Well,” Carson raised his bottle to hers, “his loss, and my gain. I’m Carson by the way, Dale Carson.” extending his hand to her.
Taking his hand, “Ellie Jabari.” They lingered quietly with their hands in warm contact before she broke the silence, “Wait. Did you say Dale Carson?”
“Yeah,” he chuckled, “it doesn’t sound like a black guy’s name huh?”
Feeling a little embarrassed, “Well, not exactly...”
“I can explain that. My dad is Scottish and my mom is black, she’s from Boston.”
“Good to know, but that wasn’t what I meant. My blind date’s name is Dale Carson,” she laughed, more at the awkward situation that was bound to follow after her confession than at herself.
 She shook her head looking him over again “You are the guy my sister set me up with... which doesn’t make any sense.”
Carson looked at her with a mix of confusion and intrigue. He knew a lot of women and none of them would set him up on a blind date, let alone with their own sister. “What’s her name?”
“Ellsa. You don’t look like the type she’d hang out with. Well you do, just not for the right reasons.” Her eyes shrunk in confusion. She could see her sister sleeping with this guy. Who wouldn’t? But she couldn’t believe her sister actually wanted her to date her leftovers. Weren’t we trying to avoid these kinds of situations, she thought to herself. But she and her sister looked alike, the way she was dressed, he could have mistaken her for Ellsa easily, but he didn’t. “How do you know my sister?”
“I don’t, how does your sister know me?”
“My sister and I don’t exactly move in the same circles. Maybe someone told her about you... or you might be lying to me?”
“Trust me, I don’t know your sister, I don’t date the stiff type.” He answered, with a charming smile.
Ellie laughed, “She’s not exactly that stiff, just set in her ways. Either way, I’m glad I met you, you’ve made my pitiful boring night very interesting.”
He signaled to the bartender to get them more drinks, “The night isn’t over yet, it could get even more interesting.” reaching down under her legs to get to the frame of the stool, he pulled it and her towards him, trapping her crossed legs between his. There was no way she could move from that position without falling flat on her back.
Ellie felt a little sweaty, the sound of her racing heart beat loud in her ears. She felt claustrophobic, and she could feel her throat dry out under Carson’s penetrating gaze. Even if she wanted to move, she couldn’t. She wasn’t going to risk embarrassing herself in front of this guy, not if she could help it.
Carson smiled, he felt like a predator taunting his prey. He had her bagged. It was a good thing it was the weekend, because tonight was going to be a very exhausting night. He put his hand on her knee and slowly began tracing his fingers up her leg to her thigh.
She caught his hand once it reached the edge of her dress at her thigh, “It’s not going to get that interesting,” shifting his hand onto his own knee. She was very attracted to him, but she also knew he was the type to hit and run. She wasn’t going to make it that easy for him; he’d have to work hard for it. “How about we crawl before we start running?”
He shifted his hand back to her knee, intrigued and amused by the game she’d presented. Chasing only made things even more interesting for him, “Okay. We’ll call this date number one then.”
Ellie laughed at the tip-off, “Dale Carson, I’m not your ordinary kind of girl. I live by my own rules.”
“I have a feeling this is going to be very interesting,” with a smile, tucking his fingers in the crook of her knee as he drew circles lightly with his thumb on her knee.
“You said that already.”  Ellie stared at him, fascinated and amused at the man’s arrogance. As much as she didn’t practice it, she wouldn’t mind a one night stand with him. He seemed like the type to blow his horn and live up to it, but this was now a game to him, a game she had every intention of winning.
Two plates of fries and sandwiches were placed in front of them, “Enjoy.” The bartender said, with a courtesy smile.
Ellie shook her head, “Sorry but we didn’t order anything.”
Then he settled his gaze on Carson, as he slid the ketchup, salt and pepper on the counter to them.
“I did.” Carson offered, picking a fry and tossing it in his mouth.
 “I didn’t know they served simple food here.”
Carson looked over to the dining area. He’d forgotten to do a complete sweep after the distraction her legs had presented. She was right. The low jazz music playing in the background went well with the dim lights. The waiters in penguin suits quietly moving around the tables like a well organized troop. And of course the fine dinners in designer labels.
“How did you get in here dressed like that?” Ellie laughed.
“I paid extra.” He smiled when her brows furrowed.
“I didn’t pay...” she stopped. Her eyebrows lifted and her lips spread in a smile, “You seduced the hostess, didn’t you?”
Silently, he picked up the ketchup and doused her fries.
“Were you...”
He slide fries into her mouth to silence her, “Now I see why you need your sister to set you up on blind dates. Are you going to bring up your ex-boyfriends next?”
Ellie narrowed her eyes at him. She soaked a fry in ketchup then, after wiping it on his lips and cheeks slid it into his open mouth.
She laughed, leaning back and almost falling off the stool. Carson held her waist to steady her, “You are lucky you are so cute.”
She picked up a napkin and wiped the mess off, “No, you are lucky you are so damn cute.”
He rested his hand back on her knee, “Another beer?”
Ellie nodded, glancing at his hand. “Thank you for the fries.”
He squeezed her knee making her giggle. His smile deepened at the sweet melody of her voice, “You can thank me on our third date.” He didn’t mean it as a joke, but it set her off and he had to hold on to her waist again.
She bit her lips together to muffle the laughs when she noted the eyes set on them. He didn’t seem to notice—his eyes didn’t move away from her. “Eat.” She ordered feeding him another fry.
***
Ellie fixed herself up in front of the mirror, her heart pounding hard in her chest. She was dressed like herself this time, but she wondered if he’d like her laid back style. He hadn’t told her where they were going, so dressing, especially without Kris; her best friend to help was sort of a nightmare. She’d spent an hour curling back her hair and doing her makeup- very light and natural. That was the only part she was sure about, but the clothes were a whole other disaster. She’d spent two hours trying on everything she had. She’d moved from a hot cocktail dress to jeans and a leather jacket.
“He wants to meet the real me, so this is it,” she spoke to herself.
Ellsa walked into the room, “It definitely isn’t,” She as always, was dressed like she was about to walk down a red carpet. Her makeup was just right, accentuating her sharp features. She had a figure hugging, knee high, red bandage dress. Her shoes were always the fashion statement, a black Jimmy Chu with the red bottom and a black Gucci purse to match. Her hair style of the month was a side combed shoulder high cut with very subtle waves in it. And her jewelry was top notch.
Ellie slumped wishing she’d left the apartment before Cleopatra arrived, “What are you doing here Ellsa?”
She dropped her purse on the bed and moved to the closet, “Saving your date.” She pulled a few dresses and placed them on the bed, “Take that off, you are not going to a biker bar.”
Ellie turned to her, “And how would you know?”
“Does he have a motor cycle?”
“Yes.”
“Tattoos?”
“A few.”
Ellsa’s eyes widened in shock, “I’m almost afraid to ask if he has a mullet! This is what happens when you pick your own dates! Why didn’t you go out with the guy I got you?”
Ellie undressed, “I did and I am. I have to admit, I’m happy you picked this one for me. This time you did a great job.”
Ellsa looked at her a little perplexed, “Dale has tattoos, and a bike?”
“That’s what he says. I saw the tattoos and his mother isn’t on his belly. Her maiden name is on his wrist.”
Ellsa put on a sarcastic smile, “That’s so much better! Did she call to check on how her baby’s date was going, or is she buried in his living room under the sofa?”
Ellie’s brows furrowed with annoyance, “How about you just help me and keep your comments to yourself?”
She picked up a black number, “Fine, but this doesn’t sound like the Dale Carson, Scarlet described to me.”
Ellie shook her head in disapproval, “Pick something that looks like me and not you. Last time he said I looked like I was dressed by someone else.”
Ellsa dropped the dress on the bed, “Well then you are set to go looking like a manly lesbian.”
“Ellsa!”
“Where is he taking you?”
“I don’t know yet. It’s a surprise.”
“Should I track your phone just in case he turns out to be a rapist, serial killer?”
Ellie fidgeted impatiently on her heels, “Ellsa I’m meeting him in an hour, could we please hurry this up?”
Ellsa huffed handing her a sky blue sweetheart cut dress, “He doesn’t even have a car.” She walked to her shoe rack and picked gold strapped heels.
“Ellsa he’s hot! Whether or not he has a car is at the bottom of my list. And he had to work late that’s why we are meeting.”
“Where McDonald’s? Put these shoes on and carry the gold clutch bag,” she said, settling on the bed.
Ellie did as instructed, “Weren’t you on your way somewhere not here?”
Ellsa smiled, “Yes I am. I have a promising date with a man who drives a phantom,” she stood up, picking up her purse, “If he offers to take you to his mommy’s house on his tricycle say no. Your standards may be low, but not pig sty low. See you sis!” She waved as she strolled out of the room.
Ellie chuckled, looking at her reflection in the mirror, “She might be stuck up, but she has great taste.”
***
Ellie parked her car at the address Dale gave her. It was to a burger joint.
She groaned. “At least it’s not McDonald’s.” She hated it when Ellsa was right. She stepped out of her car and walked to the entrance. “Our first date was great. So what if the second one is at a burger place, I like burgers.”
“You are in luck, ‘cause this is the best place in town,” Carson spoke behind her. He’d been watching her for a while as she talked to herself. He found it cute. He especially loved how she looked in that dress. “Ellie Jabari, you look stunning!”
Ellie turned to him. She couldn’t help but smile when she saw his smile. It stirred her up, sending butterflies to her stomach. “Dale Carson, you don’t look too bad yourself.” She responded, wishing she had stuck to her jeans and jacket. He was dressed very casual; black jeans and a long sleeve tee shirt that hugged his arms just the right way.
She then turned to the burger place, “I think I’m a little over dressed for The Hot Spot.”
He shook his head, “You are dressed just right. Are you very hungry?”
“Nope. Why?”
He took her hand and pulled her across the street, “Good, because we are going dancing.”
Ellie laughed, “Dancing? You can dance?”
“Hey! I’ve got moves!”
“Sure you do!”
They walked into the club, cutting the long line. He greeted the bouncers at the door and introduced her to them. He held her in front of him as they walked into the crowded club filled with Spanish music.
He spoke in her ear, “Do you know how to salsa?”
Ellie nodded. “Dancing is my second love.”
He guided them to a roped off area, “What’s your first, that is before I replace it?” 
She laughed, “Painting. And I highly doubt you can replace that.”
Once they’d sat down in the oddly less noisy section he waved to a waiter, “Why not?”
“I paint when I’m happy and when I’m sad. I paint when I need to think, painting is in every part of my life.” She shrugged her shoulder. “It’s the feeling I get when my paint brush introduces the canvas to my imagination and emotions. Everything just seems to make sense when I paint. And the world just stands still for that moment...”
Carson watched, as the emotions danced on her face, echoing her love for painting. For that moment she looked so.... perfect. “I love your passion.”
Ellie turned to look at him. She felt very shy under his sweet gaze. “Passion is very necessary in life.”
The corner of his lips rose seductively, “Because it leads to ecstasy and complete satisfaction.”
Ellie cocked an eyebrow at him, “Dale, is sex all you think about?”
“I also have some artistic background.”
“Of course you do!” She said, sarcastically.
“I’ll have you know I was essential in all the art classes.”
Ellie noticed the defensive tone in his voice. She decided to show a little interest, “Were you a tutor? And which class did you like most, sculpture or painting?”
“Both.” He moved closer to her, placing his hand behind her and leaning forward leaving an inch between their faces. “I was the subject.”
Ellie held her breath, captivated by his eyes. It was like getting tempted with a one kilogram box of chocolate. You know you shouldn’t have too much of it, but the sweet arousing temptation is just too good to pass up. 
The spell was broken when the waiter came with drinks, “Carson! It’s been a while.” He turned and looked at her and nodded with approval. “She’s sizzling.”
Carson handed him his gold card, “Find your own date, Teddy.”
Walking away, “I can try but she won’t be as appetizing. She’s a perfect ten Carson!”
“Nice friend,” Ellie whispered, biting the inside of her cheek to hide her annoyance. She wondered if this was a routine for Dale. Did he bring all his dates to his spot or only the ones that proved hard to bed on the first date?
He handed her the martini, “He’s too nosy for his own good.”
“Why? Because he rates every girl you bring here?” She pointed to the bar, her livid gaze set on him, “When is he going to hold up my score card, I’d like to know if I’m top five?”
Carson heard the anger in her voice and he knew the date was about to go up in flames. He took her drink and placed it on the table. Grabbing her hands he pulled her off the couch and dragged her to the dance floor. “Before the possibility of a third date is ruined, let’s go dance.”
“Dale...” she started, reluctantly.
“No talking, just dance.” he spun her around and brought her to an abrupt stop against him. He dipped her low and then slowly bringing her up, whispered in her ear, “You are the only girl I’ve brought here,” he chuckled, “I met the others here.” He held her close to him.
Unbelievable, arrogant ass! “Of course you’d think that makes everything better. I should feel extra special!” She said, with a sarcastic smile.
“Ellie-” he started but she cut him off.
“You brought the new sheep to join the rest of the flock in the shaving barn.” He looked away, sucking in his lips to hide his smile. That only angered Ellie more. She looked around, “Any of your one night stands here? I’m not going to risk getting beat up over a man, especially not you.”
Carson laughed, swaying to the beat, forcing her to move with him. “They understand. They love dancing and salsa has a way of provoking desire.... and passion.”
Ellie saw the desire in his eyes as his hand settled on her back, right above her ass. She leaned closer to his ear, “It’s going to take a lot more than dancing before I let you get your passion anywhere near mine.”
Carson laughed, spinning her around again. He stopped, her back against his chest, “You are evil, a complete temptation that drives me crazy. I like it.”
It only took a minute before the music took over her. “I’m not like your type of girl, and I’m determined to teach you that before whatever this is goes any further, or ends.”
“I’m going to enjoy the lesson,” he ran his fingers lightly down her arm. He smiled at the goose bumps his touch gave her. She gasped and placed her hand over his when he trailed his fingertips up her thigh, pulling her dress up with his thumb. As much as she fought it, she wanted him. He brushed his nose along her neck and then planted a track of kisses when she turned her head on to his shoulder.
He whispered in her ear, “And don’t worry it’s going to be an exclusive lesson.”
She placed her hand on the back of his thick neck, “You, going off sex for days, weeks and maybe even months? Are you sure you can handle that?” She teased.
He turned her to face him. He brushed his lips over hers, “I don’t think we’ll make it to months. And besides, when we finally indulge in the passion, it’s going to be explosive. I’m not going to risk tainting that.” He bent her over and placed a trail of kisses down her neck to the sweetheart top of her dress.
She gasped, sinking into the pleasure his lips gave her. “We are never going salsa dancing again.” She whispered.

Chapter Two
Audrey placed the case folders on the table in the case room. She was glad they didn’t have to work a case that past weekend, but she also wished there wasn’t a case waiting for them that bright early morning. She sat down as the rest of the team trickled into the room, all with their own weekend story to tell, before they turned on the huge screen and their good moods destroyed for the duration of the case. Carson was the last to walk in. Unlike him, he sat down quietly, his attention completely commanded by his blackberry.
“Aren’t you going to tell us how your weekend was?” Paloma was curious about the change. Although secretive, he was usually the loud one every morning before the case, soaking up the joy before finding out what the case was about.
After a few seconds of punching in letters on his phone he looked up at the team with a smile on his face, “Did someone say something?”
“Are you texting?” Audrey shrieked, “Can anyone else see him texting or have I finally lost my mind?”
“He is texting,” Richard shook his head laughing, “I thought that wasn’t your style Carson?”
Before he could answer, his phone beeped. He looked down to read his message and laughed before he typed up a response.
Doran’s brows shot up, “Did he just giggle?” 
Gwen’s interest got spiked, “Who are you texting?” When he didn’t answer nor raise his head to acknowledge she’d spoken, she reached out to grab the phone. He pulled away, holding the phone securely away from her.
“What’s up?” 
“You don’t text, and you don’t give anyone’s messages that much attention, not even your own mother’s.” Gwen answered, with an insincere smile on her face.
Audrey was excited, half jumping on her chair, “You met a girl didn’t you?”
“We met at a bar I was trying out for the first time...”
Kevin laughed, “What, you were running away from all your old girlfriends?” 
“Very funny. We spent the weekend together.” When his friends got the look on their faces like they’d heard the story before, he was glad to shock them, “In public. We haven’t slept together yet.”
“You should take her to that salsa bar,” Audrey suggested.
Carson smiled at the memory of that night, “I did, on Saturday.”
“And you are telling us you didn’t sleep with her?” Gwen asked.
“Nope.”
Audrey’s face dropped even more. “So how long is this game going to last?” She knew it was only a matter of time before he’d grow bored chasing her.
“I’ll let you know once she tells me.” For the first time ever, he wasn’t taking the lead. He liked, probably because it was Ellie.
Gwen tapped him on his forearm, “Does this have the potential of being serious?” She asked, more for her sake than his.
“Yes, no, maybe, I don’t know. But the status quo hasn’t changed,” he said, more to her than the rest of the group.
“I hope it does,” Audrey said, before she turned on the screen. The second she did, all their good moods were destroyed.  “Three girls, all seventeen years old, of Orange County were abducted from their homes in the middle of the night while they were asleep. They were found a week later still clothed in their pajamas, but all presented signs of sexual assault, with deep lacerations over their bodies and facial disfigurement.”
“Were the killings all done in the same way?” Carson looked carefully at each picture, his demeanor hard and cold. It was like holding his breath under water as he struggled to distance himself emotionally from the victims.
He hated it when the victims were just kids.
“Yes,” Audrey answered drily keeping her gaze away from the screen. She found reading the case details more bearable than looking at the pictures.
“They all seem to be from different racial backgrounds,” Doran added.
“Preppy schools, applications and admissions to some of the top, not to mention, expensive universities,” Paloma offered.
“Any of them have scholarships?” Kevin asked.
“No, all funded by their parents.”
“Look at the way the unknown subject disfigured their faces. He or she knew these girls. There was nothing random about this.” Richard added.
“They all use to go to the same high school before two of them transferred in the senior year,” There was an audible crack in Audrey’s voice. Seven years on the job and she still couldn’t get use to it.
Carson put his hand tenderly on her shoulder, “Right after he dumps the body, he picks up a new victim. The last victim was found yesterday, has someone been reported missing?”
“This morning, Nicole Joseph’s mother went to wake her up and she wasn’t in bed.” 
“It’s amazing parents aren’t sitting at their daughters’ windows with shot guns, I would,” Doran said, disappearing in the moment for a second, “Have they started processing the last victim’s room?”
“No. They are waiting for us.”
“Let’s go,” Richard getting up, “Audrey, tell the Orange County police we’ll be there in an hour.”
She nodded, turning off the screen with slight relief. She turned to Carson before he disappeared out the door. “Does your new girl know about your job, the kind of people you chase down on a daily basis?”
“We’ve talked about her mostly, nothing much about me.” 
“If you like her, don’t,” Audrey swallowed the bitter lump in her throat, “tell her you are a plumber or an insurance agent.”
“Why?”
“You seem to really like her and I want this to work out for you, but I don’t think she’ll want to hold her breathe every time you leave to find psychopaths who do this,” she held the case file up.
“Richard’s wife seems to be doing just fine.”
“When was the last time he invited us to his house for a barbecue?” Carson didn’t have to do the math, it had been over a year since he last saw Richard’s wife. “Exactly, I think she’s getting tired of holding her breathe.”
****
Ellie stared at the color filled canvas in her office, still smiling to herself. She was glad her classes were over for the day, because in her state of mind she wouldn’t be able to pay attention to a single student.
“Earth to Ellie,” Kris, her best friend, waved her hand in Ellie’s face, “Hey are you in a coma?” 
“Will you stop that,” Ellie laughed, pulling Kris’s hands away, “What do you want?”
“Details,” she chirped excitedly, “Who’s the new guy and how good is he in bed?”
“Kris!”
“That answers my question,” she teased, braiding her long brown hair over her shoulder, “Is it anyone I know?”
“No. He was a blind date, and Ellsa set us up.”
Her face creased in horror, “Oh no. Dump him before he turns you into a snobbish robot!”
Still stuck in her day dream of Dale, “Relax, he’s more our type than hers. He said he doesn’t know her but, guys lie all the time.”
“What’s his name?” 
“Dale Carson,” she purred out.
“He sound’s white?”
“Actually his dad is Scottish and his mom is black.” She danced around her office like a giddy school girl, “He’s arrogant, very sure of himself and he has this mystery about him.”
“Ahh!” Kris screeched excitedly, “he sounds so hot!”
“He is,” she exhaled loudly, “That body was made for sin!” She closed her eyes and swayed her hips, back in his arms. “He salsas like a Mexican heart throb in a romantic telenovella!”
“And yet,” she smacked Ellie on the back of her head, “You still haven’t slept with him! Your stupid policy of three weeks is going to send him running Ellie.”
“It’s not stupid, and I doubt he’ll go anywhere. This is like a game to him and from the little I know about him, he seems the type who loves to win.” She leapt at her phone when the message tone went off.
“You’re texting!” Kris screeched giddily again.
Ellie felt her heart drop once she read his message. She wished the ground would open up and swallow her whole! Stupid! Stupid! Stupid! Ellie, you know better! “He’s going away on business. He doesn’t know when he’ll be back.”
Kris moved to Ellie and held her in a bear hug, “He’s blowing you off already? I’m so sorry. Think of this as a good thing. If Ellsa set you up, he had potential of being an asshole.”
Ellie wanted to hold on to some kind of hope. She really liked this guy and she really didn’t want him to turn out to be an asshole. Her phone beeped again. She read the message and smiled, “The arrogant ass.”
Kris leaned forward to read the message herself. “‘Here is a picture of myself just in case you miss my dazzling smile. I’ll call you tonight, it would be selfish of me to keep you craving my voice for an entire day,’ aww, he’s a hot arrogant ass.”
Another beep pulled Ellie’s attention, but Kris grabbed the phone before she could read it. “I’ll text you every day at eight hundred and twenty hundred. I expect a prompt response.” Kris raised her brow at Ellie, “Is he an army guy?”
Ellie shook her head and took the phone back, “I don’t know.” She read the new message and laughed, “Don’t take any extra students while I’m gone.”
“What?” 
“Private joke,” Ellie held it away and typed in ‘goes both ways’.
****
Carson walked into the dark strip club with some reservation. He never thought of Ellie as the clubbing type, sure she loved to have fun, but nothing that looked this seedy. This place was more his speed. He weaved through the large dancing crowds keeping an eye out for her. He hadn’t seen her for two weeks, they’d texted and spoken the whole time but it wasn’t the same as seeing her. He wasn’t the type to admit it, but he’d missed her, a lot. He was getting attached, and that worried him. Usually this was the point he’d cut his losses and run, but Ellie was different. He just wanted more of her and the longing for her wasn’t completely sexual.
“So where is she?” Gwen yelled out, from behind him. She had insisted on tagging along. Carson wasn’t sure if it was out of curiosity or if she was assessing the threat. Audrey was right, he was beginning to realize how much of a mistake their hook up was. They were never going to go back to just being friends.
“She’s close to the stage,” he yelled back.
Gwen laughed, “Close to the stage or on the stage?”
Carson felt offended and a little irked. “Listen, Ellie is not a stripper. She’s an art teacher, and the only time she’s on stage is on open mic night in a karaoke bar not a....” he stopped once they got to the stage, hushed by what he saw. Ellie was wearing a pink crown and sash dancing in between two guys wearing only what could be classified as a G string.
“Are you sure about that?” Gwen laughed, sarcastically. She pulled at his arm, as she walked backwards. “Come on lets go to my place.” 
Carson pulled his arm out of her grip and moved closer to the stage, “Ellie, what are you doing?” he yelled, out peeved.
“Dale!” Ellie chimed, drunkenly. She walked down the stage and leaped on him, locking her legs around his waist, “Today is my birthday!” She rubbed her thumb over his lips, “And I know what I want you to give me as a gift.” She slurred, before she planted a long sweet kiss on his lips.
Carson kissed her back; he pulled away after a few seconds and put her down. If it wasn’t for the taste of stale beer on her tongue he would have kissed her longer. “Let me guess, this was Kris’s idea?”
Ellie bobbled her head, “She said we were going dancing.” She sniggered, “We are dancing!”
“Hey, you told him about me?” Kris yelled, drunkenly holding onto Carson’s arm. “It’s nice to finally meet you! For a few days there I thought she was making you up. And she does have an active imagination.”
“Well I’m very real.” He held Ellie steady against him, as she attempted to climb back on stage. “Kris, did you spike her drink?”
Kris narrowed her eyes at him, as she drunkenly swayed on her feet, “Are you a cop?”
Before he could answer she went on, “If you are... no I did not!” She said, sternly then began to giggle, “If you are not...” she leaned in close as if to whisper, “I dropped a few fire bombs in her beer! She needed to loosen up!”
Carson felt his temper pinch at him. He knew Ellie wouldn’t be at a strip club unless she was tricked into it. Or that she’d consciously get drunk out of her mind! The thing that worried him was, if those fire bombs were some new street drug.
“Kris what are fire bombs?” He ordered, but she kept dancing and singing along to a tune Ellie was slurring out.
A tall guy with a short army hair cut moved closer to them. “Fire bombs are a mix of hard liquor shots. Don’t worry, she only had three.”
Carson gave him a slight nod, as he quickly analyzed him and took mental notes. He was about to ask for his name when Ellie jerked against him.
“Woohoo! Take it off!” She yelled, waving her arms around.
He whispered into her ear, holding her arms down, “Babe, there is nothing left for them to take off.”
“I’ll take her off your hands if you’d like?” The man offered, taking Ellie’s hand. He attempted to pry her free of Carson, which pissed Carson off even more.
Carson pulled her hand out of his. “And you are?”
“He’s Daniel,” Kris offered, “he likes Ellie, but she doesn’t like him back. Oops!” She bit her lips shut and placed a finger over them, “I wasn’t supposed to say that.” She waved her hand around, “Forget I said anything.”
“I don’t feel too good,” Ellie moaned, sagging down against Carson.
 “Daniel, why don’t you take care of Kris and I’ll take Ellie home. Okay?” He swooped Ellie up in his arms and walked away not bothering to wait for his response.
Once they’d stepped outside the noisy club, “Do you even know where she lives?” Gwen asked.
Carson had completely forgotten that she was still there. “No.” He took a deep breath, happy to be out in the fresh quiet cool air. He looked down at Ellie when he felt her squirm in his arms, “Babe?”
“Dale... I need to...” her face creased and he knew what was coming.
 He tossed her up, turning her onto her belly. Then he rushed to the side of the building and knelt down, supporting her lower body on his knee, and freeing his hand to hold back her hair.
She heaved all her stomach content into the grass, inches away from his shoes. “Ow god... never again...” She moaned, slumping in his arms.
He crinkled his nose. The air wasn’t so fresh anymore. “I hope so,” he whined, standing up to meet Gwen bent over laughing. “Save it!” His irked statement only made her laugh harder.
He opened his SUV and placed the now sleeping Ellie gently in the back seat. He pulled out his phone from his pocket and dialed the number of the only person who’d help. “What’s up babe?” Audrey’s voice sang through the receiver.
“Sweet cheeks, I need an address.”
****
Late the next day, Ellie woke up cautiously; steady not to topple over the huge elephant on her head. She hated having a hangover; it was the only reason that kept her from swimming in beer like a fish. “Kris, I hate you,” she whispered.
She stood up slowly and walked out of her room one step at a time, cursing why she had agreed to the party, at a strip club! She stopped when she passed her electric guitar in the hallway, an idea for revenge in her mind. A pan would be best suited for it, but she wanted to make Kris cry. She connected it to the speaker that was in Kris’s room and put her winter ear muffs on before she turned it up to high volume, she wasn’t about to torture her already panging head. She played a high F and watched Kris fall out of her bed with a loud scream.
She grabbed her pillows and held them tight against her ears. “What are you doing?”
“That is for getting me drunk!” Ellie hit the strings again, “That is for my hangover!”
Kris ducked under the bed begging, “Ellie, I’m sorry! Please stop!”
Before she could hit the strings again, someone grabbed her hand from behind and pulled her ear muffs off. 
“I don’t have a hangover and it’s giving me a headache.”
“Dale?” Ellie exclaimed, turning around to face him. Her eyes were drawn to his beautifully chiseled abs and arms. She was drawn even more by the V on his waist that led to his briefs, exposed by his open tight jeans. Her eyes widened in horror imagining the state she must be in. He wakes up looking so hot and fresh and I wake up looking like the wicked witch of the west! She thought in a moan.
Carson laughed and responded to her thought, as if he could read her mind, “Trust me, I’ve seen you at your worst and this isn’t it.” He turned and walked out of Kris’s room. “You can go get your normal girly morning rituals done. I’ll wait in the kitchen for you.”
“Please tell me I’m dreaming, because I wouldn’t mind a piece of that!” Kris was on her feet and staring out at Carson.
“Kris!”
“I would be dreaming, which would technically make it totally okay!” She defended herself.
Ellie rushed into the bathroom. She rinsed her mouth in mouthwash, imagining how bad her breath must smell, and then she showered, washing away the stale beer and cigarette smell. She smelled her hair, hoping she wouldn’t have to wash it, but the indescribable eye watering odor didn’t leave her much of a choice. She squeezed half the bottle of shampoo onto her hair, moaning about the pain and time it would take to comb and dry it. She barely got out of the bathroom before Kris had charged in. Ellie laughed. On a normal day it would take Kris an hour to get out of bed, just to take a shower. On a hangover day, close to three hours, but with Dale here, it had taken her fifteen minutes.
Ellie peeked past their small living room and into the kitchen to watch him; he’d put his shirt on. She hadn’t seen him for two weeks, and now he was in her kitchen cooking for her.  
He is in my kitchen, she thought worriedly. Ellie eased forward, “Dale, did you spend the night?” 
“Yes. Don’t worry I slept on the couch,” Carson answered, laughingly, “You were too drunk to do anything other than sleep.”
“How did we get here?”
“I drove you home from your birthday party. I had to carry you out of the club, and finally up a flight of stairs. You are heavier than you look.”
Ellie breathed a little when she remembered she’d texted him about the party before she got plastered. She never thought he’d come, or that he was back from his work trip, but he still came. And I was too drunk to remember... She felt ridiculous wondering how she’d behaved last night.
Placing a can of beer in front of her, “Don’t worry, you were a very well behaved drunk.” 
Ellie looked at him with a raised brow, “Wow Dale, you must really like me drunk!”
“No, it’s not that. It’s good for the hang over,” the expression on her face didn’t look convinced, “Sometimes the cure for poison is the poison itself. Trust me.” He signaled for her to drink it.
“He’s right,” Kris was dressed, a towel wrapped around her wet hair. She walked to the fridge and took out a can of beer for herself. “So Dale, don’t you have work today?”
“No, it’s my day off.” He placed the eggs and bacon on the counter. “Lunch is served.”
“It’s Ellie’s day off too. Maybe you could give her a real birthday present.” Kris hinted, winking at Ellie. Ellie exhaled, rubbing her temple with the tips of her fingers.
“What do you mean...?”
“Don’t!” Ellie half yelled, cutting him off, “Don’t ask, don’t ask, and don’t ask.”
Carson chuckled, finally getting the hint, “Kris, if you have somewhere to be today, I just might. It could get very noisy,” his lips spread in a cheeky smile.
Ellie bit down on her smile as she walked away, pulling the robe tighter around herself, “You are both incorrigible!” She closed the door to her room, hiding her frantic search for something to wear and drying her hair. When she was done, she stepped out of the room and all she could hear was the loud TV.
She took a deep breath before she walked to the living room. Dale was on the couch, switching through the channels. “Where’s Kris?”
Carson smiled as he looked up at her, “She left.” He tapped his hand on the couch, “She wanted to give us some alone time.”
Ellie’s throat tightened, she wasn’t sure if she should sit next to him, or not, but she sat down anyway, leaving a considerably large amount of space between them, “I figured you two would get along. She’s as open minded as you are.”
“About sex?”
“What?”  
He had to bite down on his tongue to keep from laughing at her frightened face. “We are both open when it comes to the topic and you are a little conservative about it.”
“I just don’t believe that I have to sleep with a guy the same night I meet him,” she said, defending herself.
He raised his eyebrows and smiled at her, then winked, “So I have to wait one week and four days before we....”
Ellie felt like she was about to faint, “Lets watch a movie,” she jumped off the couch and sat on the floor, where the DVD’s sat. That one week and four days was beginning to feel like a century to her and an impossible target with him inches away from her. He wasn’t making it easy for her to stay loyal to her rules, neither were her hormones.
He moved to the floor to sit next to her, “Which movies do you have?”
She whiffed his musky scent. She’d never been close enough or tall enough to be able to smell his after shave cream. It suited him. “How about, Immortals?”
“Really?”
“It’s either that or the Twilight Saga?” She threatened.
“Immortals does sound like fun,” he said, pushing the couch back. He pulled the cushions out and arranged them on the floor.
“What are you doing?” She was glad she had carpeting. Cream velvet cushions and dust don’t mix well.
“There is a fifty percent chance I’m going to fall asleep during this movie, so I’m going to be comfortable when I do.”
She rolled her eyes, “You are such a joy to watch movies with. I’ll go get some popcorn,” she stood up and walked the short distance to the kitchen. She didn’t like the idea of lying down on the floor with him and it was blowing her comfort thermometer through the roof. She walked back into the living room and sat down next to him, debating on whether to lie down next to him or just remain seated.  That decision was made for her when she was tugged back by her shirt.
He placed her head on his shoulder and the popcorn between them. He wanted her to feel comfortable, just not too comfortable. He liked the fact that she felt like she was on pins and needles every time he was next to her. It wouldn’t take him much effort to have his way with her, but he didn’t want that just yet. “If I fall asleep, don’t wake me until the movie is over.”
“Again, you are such a joy to watch movies with,” she said, sarcastically, pressing play on the remote. It didn’t take long before Carson was out. He had his hand lying lazily across his torso, and the other rested in her moist hair.
Ellie cuddled closer to him, feeling less threatened by the sleeping monster. She rested her head on his shoulder and brought her knee up under his raised leg. The moment she did, he dropped it and let his leg rested on hers, and then he moved his dormant hand that was in her hair, on to her shoulder, pulling her closer and the other stretched out onto her waist.
She froze for a moment, wondering if it had been a trick all along. She slightly lifted herself on her elbow to look at him. His eyes were closed, and he didn’t have his chasseur cat smile on.  He was still breathing heavily like he was in a deep sleep and he didn’t move again. Ellie turned down the volume, so as not to wake him and settled back on his shoulder, half her body on his, her hand resting lightly on his warm broad chest. She loved being so close to him, and she was going to enjoy that moment until he woke up.
Hours passed, the movie was over and she was still cuddled with him, unwilling to move. She’d flicked through the channels and luckily landed on a Friends marathon. The wonderful peace was interrupted by his ringing phone. She reached for it and flipped it open quickly, praying the noise wouldn’t wake him up.
“Hello?” she whispered. There was a long silence before someone finally spoke.
“Hello, Carson?” Audrey was, bewildered. It wasn’t like him to let someone else answer his phone.
“Dale is asleep; could you please call back later?” Ellie bit at her lower lip, an unsettling feeling stirring inside her as she stared at Dale, still sound asleep. She wondered if the girl with the sweet voice was his girlfriend or a friend in the same context as she was. If she was, Ellie was going to shove his phone down his throat.
“I wish I could. I know it’s his day off, but could you please ask your boyfriend to come to work?”
Boyfriend! Ellie smiled at the thought, “Is there no one else who can fill in for him?” she asked, with a pang of regret, she really didn’t want him to leave.
“I’m sorry but no.” Audrey’s face was beaming with a huge smile. She was glad she would have to make a call to Gwen next. Carson had finally found himself another girlfriend- fingers crossed. “I could give you details as to where he’s supposed to be.”
“No, no don’t do that. I don’t think he’ll be all too happy I answered his phone. I’ll just wake him.” She sulked, wishing she’d turned off the phone instead of answering it. What line of work was he in anyway? “Dale, you have a phone call,” she said, shaking him awake. She sat up, unwillingly pulling herself out of his embrace, “Dale, wake up.”
Carson stirred, then settled his head on her laps and wrapped his arms around her waist, “What, is the movie over?” he sounded more drugged than asleep.
“Three hours ago,” she answered, gently stroking his head, “You have a phone call.” She placed the phone on his ear but he didn’t say a word, he went back to sleep instead. “Dale!” she laughed, shaking him awake.
“Audrey what is it?” he asked, groggily, the sound of annoyance at the edge of his voice. He pulled Ellie in closer so that he could take a look at his watch on his wrist. This girl has such a tiny waist, but she’s heavy, he thought to himself as he listened to Audrey on the line.
“Are you at your girlfriend’s house?” She asked, eagerly, “Or did you finally bring a girl to your apartment?”
“Audrey,” he groaned, pinching Ellie’s belly with his lips, making her giggle.
“I’m so happy for you!” She screeched, before she was serious again. She wished she didn’t have to ruin the best moment of their lives but, “We have another serial killer.”
Dale’s stomach dropped and his body went rigid, “Where?”
“His or her last victim is from here, Washington, but murder reports with the same MO have appeared in Boston too. I have one more person to call, the rest are on their way.”
“Thanks sweet cheeks.”
“Don’t call me that! She’ll think you are cheating on her, and we’ll lose a girlfriend!”
“You really need to focus on your relationship and leave mine alone. I’ll see you in fifteen minutes.”
“What are you and sweet cheeks squabbling about?” Ellie asked, unsure if she should be jealous or not.
He stood up and walked to the bathroom, “How long did you guys talk for?” 
Ellie felt caught, “Not long. She just asked me to wake you up.”
“How did she sound to you?” he asked, walking out with his head and face wet, a towel in his hand.
She dried the back of his head as he put on his shoes. “She sounds nice, really sweet.”
“That’s why I call her sweet cheeks. She wanted to know if you were my girlfriend and where I spent the night.” He then stood up and looked down at her, analyzing her expressions.
Ellie looked up at him, “And?” She wasn’t sure if she’d like any of the two obvious answers because she wasn’t sure what title he held in her life. They’d only seen each other four times but talked and texted constantly for seventeen days.
He kissed her lightly on her lips at first and then deepened it, pulling her tightly and closely against him. If it wasn’t for work, he would have led this down the direction it was crying to go. “And I have to go,” he whispered on her lips, before he pulled away.
Ellie stared at him dreamily, her body numbed by a voltage of passion that surged through her. She had felt this before, just not like this!
“I’ll call you later,” he said, before he walked out the door. Ellie just nodded, and then she slowly closed the door. She leaned against it, still dazed by the kiss. 
“Oh my....” she said, before she sunk down the door onto the floor.
****
Carson stepped out of his car and walked up the victim’s drive way, Ellie still on his mind. There was yellow tape around the house and a police barricade keeping the reporters and the on lookers out. He walked into the house- an air of dread hung inside it. Police officers were all over, processing the house. Paloma and Doran were seated with a man he assumed to be the victim’s boyfriend. He walked up the stairs and spotted Kevin, Gwen and Richard. He was sure that was where the murder was committed. The tied up naked body and the blood on the bed and wall confirmed it. 
“What the hell happened here?” He asked, putting on his latex gloves. He walked around the room and looked through her things, trying to get a feel of the victims’ personality.
“The victim was tied to the four corners of her bed with her bras. We aren’t sure yet but I think it’s safe to assume she was sexually assaulted, probably after the suspect beat her up,” Kevin offered.
Carson stared at the battered woman’s bloody face. His chest tightened as he thought of Ellie lying there in the victim’s place. He took a deep breath as he tried to refocus and get his composure back. “How old is she?”
“Twenty four.”
Carson took another deep breath, the weight on his chest heavier. “What about the other victims?”
“Well, so far the youngest is twenty three and the oldest is twenty six. I looked through the photos of the victims we’ve found so far. It’s like any girl the suspect considers attractive is a potential victim.”
“Do they have anything else in common?” He wished the answer was yes, he would be able to eliminate her and breathe a little easy.
“No.”
Damn it! “Where are those files?”
“Back at the office.”  
 “Speaking of women, how’s your girlfriend?” Gwen asked, without looking up from her note book. Carson looked at her sensing the hostility in her voice, and he wasn’t the only one.
Richard’s eye brow rose with curiosity, “Why did you say it like that?”
“Last night we found her on stage dancing with two strippers, drunk out of her mind.”
“It was her twenty-sixth birthday,” Carson defended, “We all did wild things at twenty-six.”
“I didn’t.” Kevin objected.
“Yeah, we know.”
“So she’s practically half your age. Carson, are you having a pukey mid life crisis?” she jeered. 
 “She’s ten years younger than me Gwen, you know that.”
“How are you two doing?” Richard baited, “Those two weeks must have affected the relationship in some way.”
“We are doing just fine,” Carson smiled sweetly, “There is no rush, and we’re taking it one step at a time.” 
“Is that code for ‘she’s holding out’ on him?” Kevin asked. He then exclaimed loudly when Gwen and Richard nodded in response, “Dale Carson, you’re slipping!”
“No I’m not,” Carson jumped, with a bruised ego, “She’s just different. I want to take my time with her, see how it goes.”
Richard chuckled, “Carson in a steady relationship, that I’d pay to see.” 
“I give it a month.” Gwen said, with such conviction it bothered Carson.
“How about we get the asshole that did this before you start placing bets on my relationship?” The thought of Ellie being the psycho’s next victim bothered him. How he wished he could just lock her up in his house forever to keep her safe. He wouldn’t be able to stand it if something like this happened to her.
“I’m going back down stairs to see what Paloma and Doran have. Kevin, walk with me.” The two disappeared leaving Gwen and Carson alone with the body.
“Hey, what are you doing?” Carson asked, under a whisper.
“What are you talking about?” she returned, with a blank look.
“You are taking cheap shots at Ellie. Is this about us? We agreed, no strings attached, remember?”
Gwen looked at him intensely, then after a moment her gaze softened, “I know, I just don’t like being replaced without notice, and besides I’m just looking out for you.” She smiled at him before she left the room. Carson wasn’t sure he believed her, but he wasn’t going to probe. 
****
Ellie looked at her phone message confused. Dale had sent her weird messages before but this one was on a whole different level of strange.
“What’s wrong?” Kris asked, stepping behind her.
“Dale’s weird message... he says we shouldn’t go out alone, it’s safer to walk together.... are we in high school again?”
Kris laughed sitting back on the couch. “He’s sweet and just worried,” changing the channel from Two and a Half Men to CNN, “We have a serial killer in Georgetown,” she went on pointing to the screen. Ellie sat next to her, her eyes glued on the screen, “Is that Dale?” Kris asked, stunned.
Right next to the man speaking on the podium, Dale stood next to him, his sun glasses on and his face held stiff and hard. His hands were held behind his back like a soldier in a parade. He looked like a different person, stern and emotionless, a complete opposite to the man she was cuddling with a few hours ago. 
“He’s a cop?” Ellie whispered, genuinely surprised. She buried her face in her palms; this was the last thing she wanted. 
Kris jumped in, “Maybe not... he might be....” her quick tongue failing her. She moved to her and hugged her by the shoulders, her voice conciliatory, “Honey it doesn’t have to be a deal breaker if you really like him.”
Ellie lifted her face out of her hands and laughed sadly, blinking back the tears threatening to spill over and betray her. “It’s a good thing nothing happened yet.”
Kris held her tighter, “You can try to lie to yourself but you can’t lie to me. You like him, and it hurts you that he’s a cop.”
Ellie pulled away from Kris and stood up in front of her, “Why would Ellsa hook me up with a cop?” the anger simmering slowly inside her, “She knows I wouldn’t date a cop if I had a gun held to my head. Is this another one of her stupid pranks or is this payback?” She paced the small living room. “This is revenge for her stupid boyfriend. Why is she punishing me, it wasn’t my fault!”
“I’m sorry to say this but, it’s always someone else’s fault but Ellsa’s.”
Ellie simmered down, “It’s not her fault she dated a horse’s ass.”
“Ellie, one of these days you are going to have to put yourself first,” Kris said, changing the channel.
“Until then, I have a bone to pick with a certain cop!”
“And the next day you are going to have to get over it. It’s been eight years, let it go,” she said, more cautiously.
“My parents are dead Kris, I can’t just let that go.” Her eyes filled with tears as a piece of her heart broke away. She missed them and the pain of losing them didn’t seem to be getting any better.
****
“I’m looking for Dale Carson.” Ellie told the first person who approached her. It didn’t take long before someone had noticed her. She looked like a fish out of water with her arms wrapped around her, feeling major discomfort being in a federal building. She stood close to the elevator. She needed a quick getaway once she’d said what she needed to. 
“I’ll get him for you.” Paloma answered, with a polite smile. She eyed her like she would a nervous suspect, before she walked away. “Carson, there is a girl waiting for you by the elevators.”
He took his feet off the table and put down the victim’s file he’d been going through with a fine tooth comb just in case they missed something. “Why didn’t you ask her to come here? Or is there a new policy that states we receive visitors by the elevators?”
“Even if I asked her to come, I’m sure she would have said no. She didn’t look like she wanted to get far away from the elevators. She’s anxious, like she’s waiting to spill something before she runs off.”
Curious, Carson went to see the antsy girl. His heart smiled when he saw her, it was Ellie. “Hi babe. How did you know where I worked?” he kissed her before she had a chance to answer.
“You were all over the news yesterday it wasn’t hard to find out.” Her voice sounded like she had something stuck in her throat.
“So, what’s up?” he caressed her cheek with the back of his hand. She leaned into it longingly for a moment before she turned away.
“I came to tell you that this can’t work.” Her voice trembled as she spoke the words she knew she would come to regret one day. But she’d thought about it and it was the only way to go. She’d never be able to look past his badge and gun no matter how hard she tried. 
“What?”  
“I don’t date cops Dale. Why didn’t you tell me you were a cop?”
“First of all, I’m an FBI agent not a cop and because I didn’t think it mattered.”
“To me it does,” she pressed the down button on the elevator, “good bye Dale.” 
“Ellie wait, you can’t be serious,” he felt like he was being punked, a victim of a practical joke, but the look on her face told him she was as serious as she sounded. “That isn’t a solid reason to end this.”
She stayed quiet, keeping her back to him as she struggled to swallow the sob in her throat. The second the doors opened she jumped in, keeping her eyes away from him. “Good bye Dale,” she said, one last time, as the tears trickled down her cheeks.
Carson stood there frozen for a second as he stared at the metal doors, still thinking that it could all be a huge joke.
“Carson, we have a case to get to,” Doran called out, from behind him.
“What did you do?” Audrey asked, infuriated by Carson as she walked with him back to the large case room.
“I didn’t do anything!” Carson answered, irritated by her accusations. Usually he was to blame for most of his relationships collapsing but this time he didn’t do anything wrong, except his profession, the one thing that got him girls and not the opposite.
“Then why did she dump you?”
“I’m the one who got dumped and yet you are the one who’s offended?”
“Why Dale?” she asked, again with a gentler tone.
“Because I carry a gun and a badge, that’s why,” he answered, even more annoyed. The more he thought about it, the more ridiculous it seemed and when he said it out loud it sounded ludicrous!
“I knew something like this would happen, just not for the reason I thought. You can’t just let it go like that Dale, get our girlfriend back. I like her!” She whined.
Carson chuckled and pulled her in a hug, “You don’t even know her.”
“I’ve seen her from afar and talked to her... once. She’s beautiful and I like it.”
Kissing the top of her head, “She thinks you sound sweet.”
“You’ve been different since you met her. You haven’t looked at a girl twice and no sexual innuendo or trying to catch a girl with your devilish smile.”
“Wow, then we should stay broken up,” Carson joked, but the thought of it unsettled him.
“Dale...”
Kevin approached the others at the table and asked, “Trouble in paradise so soon?”
“I told you it wouldn’t last a month,” Gwen proclaimed, with a wide smile, “Guys pay up.”
Carson stared holes through her. He was getting tired of her and her stupid comments. “Could we please concentrate on catching this guy?”
“It’s a small bump that will be resolved soon,” Audrey defended, “So hang on to you money.”
***
Kris stood next to Ellie where she sat staring at a blank canvas in the middle of the living room. Painting always helped her express herself, but she was empty, full of grief and disappointment. Everything stuck inside her with no way out.
“Does this mean you are taking the job?” Kris asked, tugging on Ellie’s curly hair.
“My bags are packed and I’m booked on the six a.m. flight.” 
“So you are running away? Have you tried-”
“It’s not going to change anything,” She said, cutting Kris off, “I’m just not there yet.”
“And when will that be?” 
Ellie looked at her blankly. She didn’t know the answer to that question; if she did, it would have made things so much easier.
“How many more hours are you going to stare at that thing?”
Ellie gave her a weak smile and then turned back to the canvas, even more worn out than she was when she first sat down. 
Kris moved to answer the door. “Well if that canvas doesn’t give you an answer soon, we can try my Ouija board or I can call my online psychic to do a reading for you.” 
Ellie laughed, “Thanks but I’m going to stick to the forces I know exist.”
 “Aahh, Ellie....” Kris whispered.
“Hmm?” she answered, unconsciously as she stared at the blank canvas for an answer.
“What are you doing?”
Ellie jumped at his voice and turned around. It was the last thing she’d expected. “Dale what are you doing here?”
He stood straight in a menacing stern pause in front of her; it made her uneasy. “Did you really expect I’ll do nothing after you walked out on me?” 
Ellie curbed the urge to retreat from his hard deportment. At the moment, he wasn’t the fun, arrogant and sexy Dale, he was the hard, no nonsense, sexy FBI Agent Carson. Arousing, but scary. 
“I’ll leave you two alone.” Kris rushed away to her room, closing the door securely behind her and abandoning Ellie.
“Dale I just don’t want to date you. What about that don’t you understand?” Ellie retreated to her room hoping to lock the door behind her, but Dale pushed the door open, closing it behind him.
“Why?”
Ellie crossed her arms over her chest and stayed quiet.
“In my line of work, people always have a reason for committing the crimes they do. As sick, demented and even petty as they may be, there is still a reason. So what’s your reason?”
“I’m not one of your psychopaths you can profile Dale,” she moved to the door to escape but he blocked it, “Dale!”
Her words were caught out of her mouth by a surprise kiss. It was deep, desperate and sweet and felt so sincere and naked that it took all she had with much regret to pull away. “Dale, please don’t...” He kissed her again cutting her off, and this time he didn’t give her any room to breathe let alone speak.
She liked the feel of his lips on hers, then her cheek and her throat. It was soft, light and teasing like getting tickled by a feather. When he grazed the back of her neck with his finger tips, she sighed and once he bit down softly in the nape of her neck her sighs turned into moans. She loved it when he touched her. He lifted her heavy hair up to undo the knot of her halter top. He traced his fingers down her spine pulling the top down slowly, and finally settling on her waist. 
“I love your waist, it fits in my hand like it’s meant to be there,” he shifted, pulling at her bottom lip with his teeth. “And this part right here,” he placed his finger into the hollow curve at the small of her back and drew it up and down slow and lightly, “It’s perfect to kiss, just like this part,” he pulled her in, trapping her lips with his.
It didn’t take much coaxing for her to start swaying to his tune. She unbuttoned his shirt as she planted kisses on his smooth chest. She traveled her hands lightly on his skin as she felt his arms and broad shoulders, his muscles tightening at her touch as she settled them on his back. She wanted to feel his skin against hers. Just one time. She was breaking a number of her rules, but this was different, it was necessary. It was the only time she would be with him.
“You are never going to be rid of me Ellie, never.” He whispered on her lips, before he took them as his again.
She didn’t respond. She didn’t want to. All she wanted was to savor the moment, his touch, his kiss.... She was going to etch the memory of that night in her mind.
Remember the night, forget the man.
****
Carson woke up alone in Ellie’s bed, the memory of the previous night still fresh in his mind like a video stuck on a loop. It was wonderful, different and fulfilling unlike sex. Probably why they called it making love, he thought to himself. He wrapped her bed spread around his waist and went out of the room to look for her. 
Walking into the living room, “Babe, where are you?”
“She’s gone,” Kris spoke from behind him.
“Gone where?”
“She got offered a job to teach a summer art course in New York.”
That pissed him off, “Where exactly in New York?” 
“I’m sorry but I can’t tell you that.” Kris felt guilty and sad for him and her best friend for her stubbornness. “You can email and text her, she’ll answer but don’t call her because she won’t pick up.”
“Because she’s a coward!” his anger came to the surface.
“No, she’s stubborn, but not a coward.”
“What the hell made her hate cops so much?”
“It’s not my place to say.”
“Her way or the high way, whatever it is, it has to be on her terms.”
Kris smiled, “You are finally getting her. Talk to her about anything and everything but don’t ask her to come back. She needs to be okay before the two of you can be okay.”
He gave her a weak smile in return. With no other choice but to accept the cryptic explanation, he went back to Ellie’s room for the last time, until god knows when.
I’ll text you, I’ll email you and I’ll send you post cards if I have to. I’ll nag you until you get over your hang ups and come back because.... I don’t know.... there is something there Ellie.
Chapter Three
Audrey stood close to Carson and hugged his back. She felt guilty having a hand in Carson’s failed relationship. She wished she hadn’t pushed, but all she wanted was for her best friend to settle down and be happy- with anyone else but Gwen. 
Carson unclamped her hold on his waist and turning to face her asked, “Are you okay?”
“I should be asking you that,” she whispered, looking up at him under her multicolored bangs, “I just don’t understand why she did that to you.”
Carson hid his own pain behind a chuckle. He was never known as a man to be broken by a woman or a brooder and he was going to keep it that way, “It’s okay. She has her own issues to sort out first. Then we’ll see if this relationship is worth continuing.”
Audrey groaned then dropped her head on to his chest, “You’ve never used the word relationship with any other girl, which means you really like her, which means she is going straight to the top of my shit list if she doesn’t fix things!”
That concerned Carson. He hadn’t realized Audrey was so invested in his relationship.
He put his fingers under her chin and pushed her head up, “Audrey,” he said with a kind warning, “Don’t do anything that’s going to get her into any legal problems.”
She smiled, some furtive behind it, and then pulled away, “Too late!” 
“Audrey, when she comes back I hope I’m not going to be called to bail her out.” He meant the warning to be harsh but she just smiled at him unfazed.
“Maybe some little rescuing will help her appreciate you more.”
He sighed, “It only lasted two weeks. You can’t punish her for changing her mind.”
“You mean seventeen weeks?” before Carson’s gaze turned lethal and graduated to a tongue lashing, she added, “I know you’ve been texting and emailing since she left. She’s been leading you on, so yes, she does deserve to be punished.”
Defeated, Carson rejoined the rest of the team. He’d been struggling to keep Ellie’s return out of his mind but the anxiety made it impossible. He’d tried to get her out of his mind by rehabilitating with other girls but he just couldn’t do it. He couldn’t cheat on her. 
I couldn’t cheat on a girlfriend who’d dumped me! I’m loyal to a girl who doesn’t want me! It’s finally happened, I’ve lost my marbles! He thought to himself.
Work was his safe haven where Ellie couldn’t haunt him. He’d sink into the minds of the psychopaths and forget her for a while, before he completely lost his mind.
Carson pointed to the evidence board, sat on the conference table full of papers and photographs. “What do we have on this guy so far?”
“Nothing yet, he’s like a phantom killer.” Audrey answered, an edge of fear in her voice. She hugged her iPad to her chest like she was willing something concrete to come from it.
“He’s leaving notes with each victim, like he’s explaining why his victims deserve to be dead,” Gwen began reading out loud the first note, “Uphold true fitting justice and maintain the spirit of the law....”
Like a chorus Ellie joined in “...not the letter of the law...” and finally commanding the room in a solo, “Fitting recompense will always accrue for one’s actions. Violence will meet violence and evil pay back evil, but good will also come to those who do good...” She stopped, intimidated by the eyes that were on her. “That’s Hoar, Dungeons and Dragons, it’s one of the poems I studied in college.” She spoke, cautiously stepping into the case room. Her own eyes rested on Dale’s surprised face. She wasn’t sure what to do next, the only thing that came to mind was to keep talking about the poem;
 “He was a vengeful deity.....” she stopped, her hand tightly fisted over her belly the other around her throat, “Oh God,” she quickly turning away from the pictures on the table.
“How the hell did you get in here?” Gwen barked.
“Gwen!” Audrey called out, in a scolding tone.
“She’s not supposed to be here!” 
“Hush!” Audrey ordered, pushing a finger to her lips.
Carson stepped in front of her, “Ellie, what are you doing here?”  He felt like his chest had filled up with air as he stared down longingly and with disbelief at her face, like he would a mirage. 
She kept her eyes down as she tried to breathe through the nausea. She didn’t dare open her mouth for fear of allowing the volcano of vomit to explode.
 Audrey handed her a strip of gum, “Here. It helps some.” 
Ellie took it quickly sticking it in her mouth and chewing fast, letting the sharp flavors assault her taste buds. She smiled in gratitude when her stomach settled and her throat stopped stinging.
“I came to see you.... we ah... we need to talk... could we please go somewhere else?” She begged.
“Sorry. Let’s go to my office.”  He and the rest were so used to the grotesque photos; it took him a while to notice Ellie’s discomfort. The walk was short but it felt like a life time to both of them.  
“Every day, you look at those.....” she stopped, incapable of saying the words, scared she’d gag again. She moved back and leaned against his desk for support.
This was the one and only thing she hated about being in this state.
Placing his hands on her shoulders, “You should sit down. You look like you are about to faint.” He felt a pleasurable chill at the contact. 
He had missed touching her, holding her...
“I think I’ll just stand, make sure my legs are still under me,” Taking in a few deep breaths, “We’ve emailed and texted, but it still feels like we haven’t really talked.” She confessed her soft gaze on the face she’d craved for three months.
“That’s because we’ve been talking around the problem. Are you sure you are okay?” 
She gave him a faint smile, “I will be.” She’d missed the sound of his voice, his face, his eyes, his sweet smile, his touch.... She got lost in her thoughts before she was drawn back to reality when he took a step back, letting her go.
“I’m glad you aren’t mad at me, I think you aren’t?” she asked with pleading eyes.
“I’m not, but my ego is heavily bruised. I’m usually the one who takes off after sex.”
She looked away embarrassed, “Sorry about that, but I’m sure your ego has been placated enough for the past months.” There was a hint of accusation in her voice.
“Not really. I’ve been busy working.” He paused before he addressed the elephant in the room, “Why did you do that?”
Ellie waited for her heart beat to steady before she spoke. Every time she thought about it, her heart felt like it was crushing under a weight she couldn’t lift on her own. But Dale deserved an explanation.
“My dad was an investor and my mom was a professor. She quit her job once my sister and I were born,” she chuckled, “she said we were the deciding factor in her not having more children. So that meant no sons for my dad.” She laughed, a tear broke away dripping down her face. 
Carson moved closer to her. He watched her cry and it seemed like a piece of her heart broke and poured out of her eyes as tears.
“So his sons were his cars, big, expensive and classic. He was going to give us each a car he felt suited us, once we turned twenty-five.”
“Ellie...” Carson said soothingly.
“A cop stopped them on their way home after their date night and the cop just shot them both dead! What reason could he have to do that? To end the lives of the only two most wonderful people I knew, like they didn’t mean shit!”  The tears now running down her eyes were of hate and anger.
“Ellie...”
“He said the car couldn’t belong to them and if it did, they were most definitely drug dealers!” She half yelled, the anger shaking her voice. “They turned our lives upside down trying to prove that asshole’s claims. And when they found nothing, they covered up for him. The rest of you covered up for him!”
“Ellie I wasn’t there,” He said with understanding, but he knew that wouldn’t soothe her one bit. “What was the cover story?”
“He acted in self-defense when my dad tried to shot him,” she smiled bitterly, “The funny thing is they didn’t find a gun.”
Carson stayed quiet, unable to defend his profession or come up with a proper excuse. This wasn’t the first time he’d heard about something this cruel. “Not everyone who carries a badge and a gun is evil.”
Ellie wiped her tears away with her fingers, “I know that. But sometimes when I see a badge and a gun I forget that and all I feel.... is hate.”
Her words hit Carson hard in the gut making him cringe. “What happened to him?”
“We went to confront him and he almost ran Ellsa over with his car. He ended up wrapped around a tree instead.”
“Poetic justice,” he stepped back, his hands dug deep in his back pockets, “So what now?” 
Ellie had been anxious about this for weeks. The moment was here, all she had to do was open her mouth and spit it out. “Remember the night you told me I’d never be rid of you?”
He snorted, “I chewed on those words every night.”
She exhaled, covering her face with her hands, “You are going to make me beg aren’t you?”
“It would help my ego a tiny bit.” he joked.
She pulled her hands down and looked at him, bubbles and butterflies tickling her chest. “Your ego should be bragging because you were right,” she nibbled on her lips to hide her smile as she tried to pace her racing heartbeat. “I’m reminded of that little fact every morning.”
“What? You see my face in your bowl of cereal?” he smiled, moving to her. The revelation made him comfortable enough to wrap his arms around her and hold her where she was always supposed to be, close to him.
Ellie pulled his hands down and pushed him back a step. She needed room to breathe if she was going to say it. “A bowl does have something to do with it.”
Carson stared at her confused, “Are you okay? You are shaking.”
She nodded vigorously. “What’s your view on kids?” she gasped out.
“Why?”
“Just answer the question!”   
He shrugged. “Not a fan but I love to practice making them.” his lips rose in half a smile.
Ellie smiled nervously as she shook her head, “You are making this very difficult for me.”
“What?”
“I came back to you because all I think about is you, every single moment of the day,” she felt her momentum build up like a speeding train, “You are the first thing I think about when I wake up and the last when I go to sleep. Every tall dark guy I see, I think it’s you, and I feel like a piece of me is missing and not missing at the same time because I have a piece of you with me.” She stopped as if the emergency brakes had been pulled on a freight train. 
“You are not making any sense Ellie.”
“I came back to you because.... I’m pregnant.” she whispered. She held her breath and waited, her hands automatically rising to cover her belly.
Carson froze. He gazed down at her covered belly then back at her face. He felt like he’d been socked in the face. His mind blank, his tongue rigid with words he couldn’t find.
Ellie disappointedly let go of her breath. Dale’s long silence was a wordless answer. “I’ll give you a few days or weeks to.... I don’t know do what you want!” She yelled, and ran out of the office before he could not say another word. Her escape was short lived when she was stopped at the elevator.
 “Hi, I’m Richard Beckett, Dale’s boss.”
Ellie smiled at him politely. All she wanted to do was cry and the last thing on her mind was making friends with Dale’s colleagues.
“You know a lot more about that poem than we do. Could you please help us?”
Ellie felt her heart stop when she spotted Dale behind Richard staring at her, the naked shock still on his face. She turned back to the elevator, her escape, willing the doors to open so that she could jump in.
“Please,” he said, taking her hand and gently dragging her behind him. Left with no choice, she followed him, keeping her eyes on the ground.
“Wait,” she quickly spoke up, “The pictures...”
“We put them away already. Although, the poem was written in blood, will you be okay with that?”
Carson placed a hand on her back and led her forward. “Just imagine it as red paint.”
Ellie wasn’t sure what to make of his gentleness but she always knew his job was a priority to him. It’s all for his job, she thought to herself.
“These are the blood written poems,” Gwen said, with a smirk, handing her the pictures. “Try not to puke all over them.”
She took them, fully aware of the woman’s hostility, “I painted my friend’s fabric for his fashion show. I used his and my blood, but mostly his. It was his lunatic way of making a stand on animal rights. I did it because I liked the idea of using unconventional material. Blood doesn’t make me squeamish, dead bodies do.”
Carson laughed behind her at Gwen’s stiff un-amused face. He was glad Ellie stood up for herself, especially against Gwen. He liked it.
“What light were these pictures taken in?”
“You are here to decipher the poem, not analyze our ability to take pictures.”
Ellie looked up at her irate. It took a lot more than a bad attitude to get under her skin, but the red head was working her last nerve. She didn’t even know the woman!
“Gwen!” Carson warned, stepping closer to Ellie. He placed his hand on her waist, his fingers resting on the small bulge on her waist. Wow, this is real, he thought to himself, gently stroking the bulge with his fingers. “What has the light got to do with anything?” 
Ellie smiled, glad Dale came to her defense, happier that he seemed to be getting used to the idea of being a dad. “Well, it has a milk-like appearance, probably diluted. It’s not dripping off the wall which means it’s not fresh,” she swallowed hard, the image of the bloody bodies still in her mind, “And the writing is done in calligraphy, kind of old school.”
Picking up copies of the writing, “He used a feather pen?” Doran asked.
“Yes. And the guy must have mixed it with some powder for it to crack like that.”
“Wonderful.” Gwen coughed, tapping her foot impatiently. Ellie starred at her, her own impatience rising.
“She’s right, on all of it.” Kevin defended.
Ellie smiled at him, appreciative. “Anyway the poem is ‘Uphold true fitting justice and maintain the spirit of the law not the letter of the law. Fitting recompense will always accrue for one’s actions.’” She held up the picture with the writings, “this one’s probably for a cop or a lawyer.” She placed it down and held up the next one and recited;
‘Violence will meet violence and evil pay back evil,’ this part is obvious but the next lines aren’t in any of the pictures. He or she must be holding it for himself, ‘but good will also come to those who do good walk the line of the Doombringer’s teachings, seeking retribution, but do not fall into the trap of pursuing evil acts for evil’s sake, for that way is seductive and leads only to one’s downfall.’”
She held up the last picture, “Vengeance must be sort for all injustices, and all punishments must fit the crime.” She stopped, placing the last photo on the table.
“Is that the end of the poem?” Paloma asked.
“No. ‘Revenge is sweetest when it is sharpened with irony. All attacks must be avenged.’ This one,” she swallowed the lump in her throat, “must be horrific, a crude joke to him. ‘Those who do not respond to attacks against their person or that which they hold dear, only invite further attacks’. He’s going to die for being a constant victim,” she said, with disbelief, “What the hell is wrong with this guy?”
“It can be the smallest of things that make people snap like this.” Paloma said, giving her a gentle smile.
“So he’s some kind of vigilante?” Carson said, stepping away from her and pulled up the pictures. “Something must have happened that made him want retribution against everyone involved, even the victim who let it go on.” 
“How about you wait for me to leave the room? It was nice meeting all of you.” She smiled and hurriedly left the room.
“Ellie wait!” Carson said, running after her. She stopped, wishing she had walked quicker. He pulled her close and placed one hand on the side of her head, gently caressing her cheek with his thumb. He leaned down and kissed her lips lightly, but with longing. “I promise we’ll talk later. I’ll come to your apartment, I can visit Kris too. I haven’t seen her in weeks.”
She smiled. She didn’t want to get too excited, but she was happy. It was a step. “Her boyfriend moved in to protect her after I left, so you can imagine the chaos.” She stepped into the elevator, “I hope you catch this guy.”
“Me too.” he waited for the doors to close before he went back in.
“It’s not bring-your-girlfriend-to-work day Carson,” Gwen reproached.
“Shut up, Gwen!”
“She looks prettier than the last time I saw her.” Audrey shrieked excitedly, “And by that kiss I’m sure it’s safe to say she’s realized the errors of her ways. You are one in a million, she wouldn’t be foolish enough to lose you.”
Carson’s wide grin showed exactly how happy he was, “Audrey. Undo what you did, please.”
She smiled, walking away, “Already done.”
“Audrey!” Carson half yelled, running after her, “I need to talk to you.” He held her arm and half dragged her behind him into his office. He closed the door behind them and began pacing anxiously, the news finally making its impact.
“Dale, is there anything you’d like to tell me?” She asked, following him with her eyes. 
“Yes but I’m not sure. Isn’t it superstitious to tell people while it’s still early, you know like counting your chickens before they hatch?” He stopped for a second and stared at her waiting for her answer.
Audrey wasn’t sure what to say. She had no idea what he was talking about and his pacing around like a headless chicken was beginning to worry her. “Well, it depends on what we are talking about.”
“Ellie is pregnant.” He spat out and waited.
Her eyes popped out. She froze looking at him, mouth agape.
“That’s what I did and she didn’t like that very much.”
She shook her head, trying to clear it. “Okay. Okay. Let’s start from the beginning because I’m confused. When did you sleep with her?”
He went back to pacing, “The day she dumped me.”
“That’s fifteen weeks ago, there should be a bump or something. Does she seem heavier?”
“Her waist is a lot rounder than the last time I felt it. I put my hand on her belly,” he felt sweaty and breathing was becoming a chore for him, “He’s in there alright.”
“OMG!” she yelled, dancing around, “You are going to be a dad!” She jumped on him and hugged him tight. “I’ve got dibs on godmother.”
He laughed nervously, “So this is a good thing?” 
Audrey held his face in the palms of her hands, “Dale Carson, you are thirty-six years old. It’s about time you spread your good genes around.”
“So it’s a good thing?”
She laughed, hugging him. “It’s a great thing!”
****
Carson drove to Ellie’s apartment, his mind still in a whirl wind. Possibly falling in love wasn’t something he thought seriously about. When he was younger, yes he thought about it, he had it all planned- law school, his own practice, a wife and three kids- two boys and one girl- all by the age of forty. He’d have a wonderful marriage and give his kids the best childhood that he could. Just like his dad did, then things changed. 
Practicing law didn’t seem as fun as getting into the minds of psychopaths and hunting them down. Going head to head with situations people only had nightmares about or watched in movies. Knowing that each day he went out on the job there was a fifty percent chance he would be back in a body bag. He had to admit, those odds gave him a rush nothing else could match up to. With everything he’d seen on the job, bringing children into the world at the risk they’d be tortured by one of the animals he hunted down, or leaving a widow behind or becoming a widower himself because of his job was something he wasn’t willing to put up to risk. The pain of losing a loved one isn’t something he would wish on anyone.
He was content with being a bachelor for the rest of his life. But now, at the age of thirty-six, he had a girl he thought he loved and she was expecting their first child. A life he was frightened of living was becoming a reality.
He rang her door bell, each hand holding snacks and foods he’d heard Richard complain having to drive to a twenty-four hour store in the middle of the night for his wife and what Paloma used to stuff herself with at work. 
Kris opened the door in her flannel shorts and red vest. “Good, you are finally here.”
Holding up the bags to her as he stepped in, “Hi. Long time no see. I brought pizza, burgers, chips, chocolates and ice cream. I wasn’t exactly sure what her cravings are.”
“You nailed it.” Kris took the bags from him and set them on the kitchen counter. “We barely have any food in the house since hurricane Ellie arrived four days ago.” She said, pulling out four slices of pizza out of the box and putting them on a plate.
 “Did someone say something about food?” Seth, Kris’s blond headed boyfriend appeared out of her room. “Hey man. So you are the lucky guy?” He nodded at Carson as he went to join Kris.
“Yeah, I guess I am.” Carson answered, staring at the duo. They looked like a pair of chaos judging by the way they went through his craving kit. “Where is Ellie?”
Kris hissed, “Speaking to the she-devil!”
Before he could inquire further, he turned to the soft padding of feet on the hard wood floor.
 “Did someone say food?” Ellie walked out of her room, a jar of peanut butter in her hand and a spoon hanging loosely in her mouth. She pulled the spoon out of her mouth, and just stared at Carson.
“Hi. I brought you something to eat,” he said, pointing at Kris and Seth.
“Hey, hands off. He brought that for me,” Ellie warned, pointing at them with the spoon.
“Once you refill the refrigerator, we’ll be happy to, until then,” Kris bit into the slice of pizza she was holding defiantly.
“Kris, did you call me a she-devil again?”
Instinctively, Carson’s head jerked in the direction of the voice. “Whoa!” She looked exactly like Ellie the first night they met.
“Ellsa, Dale. Dale, Ellsa.” Ellie quickly introduced them.
“She-devil, baby daddy. Baby daddy, she-devil,” Kris added.
Carson turned to Kris with an arched brow. She made no attempts to hide her distaste for Ellie’s twin.
“Don’t mind her. She’s bitter, with no ambition in life.” Ellsa spoke, pulling his attention.
He gave her a weary smile, as he did a quick assessment of her.
She dressed in designer labels right down to her shoes. Her hair was held back, giving her makeup accentuated face precedence. Her red lips matched her red purse and shoes contrasting well with her black cocktail dress. Her confidence that amused him: She knew she was attractive and had no problem letting that fact known. 
But it was her eyes that unsettled him. 
When Kris coughed and Ellsa’s lips parted in a seductive smile, he knew he’d been staring for too long.
“You look like you are going someplace fun.” 
She moved to him, a subtle sway in her hips. “I was, but I think I’ll stay a while.” She put her hand on his arm and squeezed. Her lips formed a red O then she looked up at him, her brow raised and her lips back to a seductive smile. “Get to know you better.”
Carson heard Kris snort. He shifted his eyes to Ellie. All her attention was on the jar of peanut butter. She was the only one in the room oblivious to her twin’s tactless advances.
He gave her hand a brotherly pat and pushed it away from his arm, “Maybe another time. I’d like to spend some time with Ellie.”
She sighed, “Well it’s the least you could do. You did knock her up.”
That caught Ellie’s attention. “Excuse me? The least he could do? What’s that supposed to mean?”
Ellsa huffed and rolled her eyes. “Let’s not pretend that baby is not an inconvenience.” She moved to Ellie and kissed her cheek, “All it did was trap you a man.”
Ellie stepped back, shock written all over her face, “You did not just say that!”
Ellsa shrugged and walked back to Carson, “Ugly way to keep a man sis.” With a bat of her eyelashes and a telling smile, she slid a card down his front pocket, taking the opportunity to feel out his chest, right down to his abs. She bit her lower lip and sighed. “Call me when you get tired of playing daddy.” She whispered. 
With a final gaze she called out “Bye sis,” and left the apartment.
Seth whistled, “She’s something.”
“And then some,” Kris growled. 
 “Good night you two,” Kris dragged Seth into the living room. She stopped behind Carson, “One more thing,” she reached into his pocket and retrieved the card. ‘Don’t even think about it!’ she mouthed, then proceeded into her room.  
Carson laughed, “Does your sister always do that? Hit on your boyfriend right in front of you?”
Ellie huffed, “It’s nothing. She’s just... it’s Ellsa being Ellsa.”
Nothing! Wow!  He thought.
“I’m sorry if she made you uncomfortable.” Ellie was sincere and yet the apology sounded automated.
“You do that a lot, apologies for your sister?”
She nodded and laughed. “It’s become second nature to me. The minute she leaves a room, I find myself apologizing to everyone, even if I wasn’t paying attention. Ellsa can’t be in a room for five minutes without offending someone... or everyone.”
He picked that up, but there was something else that nagged him about Ellsa. 
They stayed quiet, just staring at each other, neither one of them too keen to take the first step to each other. It was Ellie who broke the silence, the scent of the burgers driving her boarder line insane with hunger. At the rate she was going, she was going to end up giving birth to a ten pound baby. “Can I get you anything?”
“Do you have anything to drink?” he asked, taking off his leather jacket and placing it on the couch, “preferably something with alcohol in it.”  Ellie brought out two cans of beer and set it on the counter for him. “Wait, you are not drinking, are you?” he asked, taking a seat. As far as he knew, pregnant women didn’t drink.
“No. The two cans are for you. I figured you’d want to chase them one after the other,” she said, pulling a burger out of the bag and biting into it. She purred when the sauce touch her tongue.
Carson laughed, “Are you okay? Would you and that burger like some privacy?” 
Ellie smiled embarrassed. “It’s not easy eating for two. Food just... I don’t know... it’s kind of like a lover.” She laughed, “I can’t believe I just said that.” She picked up her burger and moved to the couch, Carson followed. “The food I used to love, I now hate, and that I rarely ate, I now can’t live without.”
  “Is that how you noticed you were pregnant?” he shifted his gaze between her face and her belly. He could clearly see her small bump with the tight white vest she had on. 
She put her hand on her belly. “I thought I was stress eating and when I couldn’t fit into my skinny jeans I went on a diet. Two days into it, I collapse in front of a class of fifty. Not my proudest moment.”
“Were you wearing a skirt or a pair of pants?” He chuckled.
“What does that have to do with anything?” She smiled.
His eyebrows arched upwards, “Really? You have to ask?”
She rolled her eyes, “I was wearing leggings. Anyway, I woke up to a smiling nurse looking down at me,” she laughed. “She freaked me out at first, but once I realized where I was, she yelled with this freakish high pitch voice, ‘you’re pregnant!’ She went quiet for a while, smiling to herself. “I was frightened at first, but after a few days it felt.... right.”
Carson stared at her, soaking in her happiness. He was happy she was happy, but he couldn’t help but worry. That was going to be his new role. “I’m happy you are happy.”
“But are you happy you’re going to be a dad?” She asked cautiously. She’d spent the day preparing herself for a bad reaction, but she still wasn’t sure if she would take it well. She was going to breathe through it, no matter what; she had Kris and Ellsa to help. Well... maybe not Ellsa.
 “As hard as it is for my ego to admit, I’m scared and worried. There are so many bad things out there...”
“I’m not as worried. I googled the cases you guys have worked on and you have a good record.”
Carson smiled, such blind faith, “A good record doesn’t guarantee I’ll be able to protect you or the baby if something bad happens.”
Ellie moved to him and laid her head on his chest, “Don’t think of the bad things. I think of the good things. And I think feeling like that is normal for dads.”
He wished it was that easy and normal but it wasn’t. He put his arm around her and held her close, kissing the top of her head, “One step at a time. You want some ice cream?”
“Actually,” she pulled up and stared at him with an embarrassed look on her face. “Being pregnant is the weirdest thing,” she bit her lip, wondering if she should say something.
“What else, other than the insane cravings?” he tagged at her curly hair and watched as they sprang back to place.
“Another kind of craving,” she covered her face with her hands and giggled, “Oh god this is so embarrassing.”
“What?”
Standing up from the couch and going to the kitchen, “Forget it, I’ll just have the ice cream.”  She pulled out a tub of ice cream from the freezer and opened it, digging up a full spoon of strawberry chocolate chip ice cream and putting it in her mouth.
He stood up and turned to her. “Wait, cravings?” With an arched brow his lips lifted in half a smile, “My kind of craving?”
She rolled her eyes and smiled shyly, “You are impossible!” She walked back to him, the tub of ice cream in her hand.
“Is it an insane craving?” he placed his hands on her round waist and pulled her to him, “Like you want me right now craving?”
“It’s the hormones, I can’t help it!” She grumbled.
“But I can,” he whispered seductively, and then nibbled on her ear. He got heated when he heard her moan. She tried to put the tub down but he took it instead, “I can find some use for that.” He kissed her, savaging her mouth and pulling her high and close to him with one arm. He hoisted her up on his waist with one hand, the other still securely holding on to the tub. He rushed to her room, closing the door with his foot, the entire time, their lips still locked in a hungry kiss. He set her down and put the tub down on her bed side table to free his hand. He broke the kiss for a moment to pull her vest and his shirt off.  
She felt like she was about to explode if he didn’t make love to her that moment. She grabbed his pants and pulled him down on top of her, as she lay down on the bed. Her hunger for him was so intense she felt like she could eat him whole. “Wait,” he gasped, “won’t this hurt the baby?”
“No,” her breathe raged, “just be gentle.”
He moved down and kissed the bump, “I promise not to break you.”
The comment made Ellie laugh hard, “You can’t be serious!”
“I was just giving him a heads up,” he moved up and tugged on her lips with his teeth, “Now, back to taking care of mommy.”
Ellie laughed, as she kissed him back, “You are impossible and I’m stuck with you.”
He looked into her eyes with such intensity it made her shiver, and said “Completely, irreversibly inseparable.”  
Ellie could tell he meant it, and the doubt she’d carried in her heart felt lighter, not completely gone, but lighter.
Carson ran his thumb over her lower lip, his eyes still on her, but his mind elsewhere. His brow was furrowed and he had a faraway look in his eyes.
“Dale, what is it?”
His lips spread in a slight smile, “Ellie, I’m going to say something and I really hope you don’t take this the wrong way.”
Oh no, “What?”
“I love you. I’m in love with you.”
She felt her heart jump, “Sorry, what?”
He chuckled, “Don’t look so shocked. I know I came off as a player-”
“You are a player.”
He went on, ignoring her, “-the night we met. But when you left me, I got stuck in this rut that I’ve never been in before. It was like you took a vital piece of me with you and I hated the empty feeling. You completely threw my life off track.”
She gave him a guarded smile, “That’s a good thing, right?”
His lips parted in a deeper grin, “It’s a wonderful thing. It’s the best and the scariest, most wonderful thing that has ever happened to me.”
She felt her body relax, “And the baby?” 
He reached between them and stroked her belly, “Especially the baby.”
“But you are worried that I’ll think you only told me you love me because of the baby?”
His lips shrunk to a half a smile as he nodded. 
She felt the doubt disappear, and she loved it.
She ran her fingers over his bearded chin. She loved the scratchy feel of it against her soft skin. “The truth is, I was worried you didn’t love me back because... you’ve thrown my life off track too. I’m truly in love with you... even if the baby wasn’t in the package deal.”
He chuckled, “Isn’t that supposed to be my line?”
She shrugged, then wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him down to her, “I don’t care. You love me, I love you and in a few months we’ll finally get to hold our beautiful baby. We’re happy. I have everything I could ever want... well except for one thing.” 
His brow creased, “What?”
“Stud service, mama is horny.”
He threw his head back and laughed. Then he flipped them around, putting her on top “Daddy is extremely happy to oblige. Ride away.”
Chapter Four
Carson stared out the car window, contemplating how different his life had become these past five months and what was in store for him once his kid was born. He couldn’t live the life of a bachelor anymore; he was going to be a family man. 
Did he miss his former life? He wasn’t sure. He would miss the care free life though, not worrying if his family would be safe once he stepped out of his home. 
Correction, their home. 
The next day after he found out about their baby, he demanded- more like begged- Ellie to move in with him. She didn’t like the strong bold colors and decor in his apartment. And of course hated his ‘promiscuous’ bed even after he told her over and over again that he never brought any of his dates to his place. Long story short, like a good boyfriend he conceded, bought a new bed and paid for extensive renovations to the apartment. His once upon a time bachelor pad looks like a chic art gallery with the most perfect nursery he’d ever seen and a master bedroom that aroused more than just relaxation. 
She may be an art nut, but with a paint brush, she knew how to capture a mood and inspire a lot more.
Carson did worry about missing the little things that were so hugely important. He had missed a couple of ultra sounds, and Ellie told him not to sweat it, but he still felt guilty about it. His guilt only mounted when she called him excitedly when the baby performed one of its acrobatic routines inside her. He wouldn’t be able to take it if he missed its first steps.
Yeah, he missed his carefree life, not having to give a proof of life three times a day when there was a case very far away from home. He missed not having the guilt of coming home and finding his pregnant girlfriend asleep on the couch waiting for him, just to make sure he was back in one piece.  He missed going out for late drinks after a case, picking up a girl just because he could with very little effort on his part, and not having to ask for permission if he wanted to go out. 
He cherished the days he didn’t have to dodge shoes, blow driers, pans and whatever else that could be picked up and thrown at him when she was in one of her erratic pregnancy moods. When all of a sudden she remembered she hated him for ruining her figure, for her not being able to fit into her skinny jeans or her feet were too huge to fit into her favorite pair of shoes, or the fact her bladder was reduced to the size of a peanut. And of course, it was his fault she was fat, ugly, disgusting and unattractive. 
He laughed just thinking about it. She was so cute when she cried for no apparent reason. She’d pout, and then she’d tear up and finally lock herself in the bathroom with a tub of ice cream and ball her eyes out. And he’d sit on the other side of the door begging her to come out, telling her how much he loved her and how beautiful she was carrying his gift inside her. And then she’d come out smiling telling him how much she loved him. It worked every time.
 Yes he missed his old life, but he loved his new life even more. 
“How does it feel, knowing she’s about to pop any day now?” Kevin asked with an excited look on his face, breaking into his thoughts. 
Since Ellie came into his life, he found himself think about her more than anything else, sometimes even more than the cases! Distracting, yes, but so worth it for a few moments of loving peace, out of the endless hours of death and horror.
Carson’s grin widened, “We are still a couple of weeks away.” he strapped his bullet proof vest on then checked his gun. Kevin’s driving had gotten better over the months. Carson figured he should give him a chance to drive, practice letting go, once he had taught his own kid how to drive.
“She’s hit thirty-six weeks already, that baby could drop any time. She might be in labor right now.” Kevin stopped at the fancy suburban house, pulling out his gun before he stepped out of the car.
“Don’t jinx me Kevin.” Carson said, putting on his ear piece.
“We move on my mark,” Richard’s voice came through. Before he could say anything else, the sound of loud shots ripped through the air. “Carson and Kevin take the back!” He ordered his voice steady and controlled.
 Kevin and Carson rushed to the back, guns high, heads low. They waited for Richard and his backup to break through the front door and apprehend them. And if they couldn’t they would push the suspects out though the back, where they would be laying in wait.
They heard the door break and then shouting. The crushing and the gun shots made Carson itch. He didn’t understand why it was taking so long to apprehend them. He opened the door by a crack, and he could hear the blood rush in his ears, the adrenaline junky inside him relishing the anticipation. 
Before he could open the door further, it was yanked open pulling Carson in with it. He held his gun up higher and pointed it at the man, as he stared down the barrel of his gun. He could hear the blood rush in his ears louder and he felt the beat of his heart at the tips of his fingers, eager to pull the trigger but patient for provocation. It took the man a second faster than Carson to pull the trigger.
 The two shots rang out loud, each bullet hitting its target.
****
Ellie added the final strokes to the mural in the baby’s room. She had turned one of Dale’s three guestrooms into a nursery. She had him break a hole in the wall between the nursery and the master’s bedroom and put up double doors. She’d baby proofed the entire apartment, having nothing else to do, because Dale had her take a longer maternity leave than she had intended on. She had gotten most of what she wanted during the five months they’d lived together, but this one issue he won.
She stood in front of the mirror caressing her large belly. It didn’t feel like forever anymore, soon she would be holding her baby in her arms and then maybe, she’d finally lose the urge to torture Dale. She didn’t mean to, everything just seemed to be his fault.
“I promise, your daddy and I are going to love you forever.”
“So will your aunty Kris, even though she won’t be your godmother.” Kris sulked, entering the room. 
Ellie laughed. She’d been complaining about that for the length of the pregnancy, and she probably would continue in her pout parade even after the baby was born. “I told you, Dale’s best friend called dibs first.”
“Who calls dibs on a baby?” She sat in the rocking chair.
“Considering I’m making Daniel godfather, it’s one thing I had to agree to. And any way she’s nice, I like her.”
Kris laughed almost falling off the rocker, “Wait, you asked the guy who’s been in love with you since college to be the godfather of your love child, with a man he has hated from the first day he met him, for having what he can’t?”
“Daniel doesn’t hate Dale and he isn’t in love with me.” Kris’s arched brow and the oh-please look on her face begged to differ, “Okay maybe a little on both, but he’s one of my best friends and he understands how things have to be.”
“Okay fine. I’m calling dibs on the next one,” she stood up and walked around the room, admiring the baby’s stuff. She picked up a pair of blue silk pants with a matching top that had the initials CJ on it. “Let me guess, Ellsa bought this?”
“Yes. There are a dozen of them in the drawers, all different colors.” Ellie said, pointing at the cream chest that had a changing table on top of it.
“He or she is definitely not wearing this, we are not going to risk ending up with a snob.”
“Will you stop that,” Ellie laughed, “She’s throwing me a shower today so be nice. I don’t want to referee.”
“Your sister has never been around as much as she has recently.” A hint of suspicion in her voice.
 Ellie sat down on the floor to finish painting the bottom of the wall, “I’m her sister and I’m pregnant, of course she’d be around more often.”
“And of course she wouldn’t pass up the chance to hit on Dale.” Kris pointed out, sitting next to her.
Ellie glanced at her for a moment before she turned back to her painting, “Kris, stop that.”
 “Just because you choose to close your eyes to your sister’s faults doesn’t mean I do.”
Ellie had noticed it. Usually, she would only get to see her sister once a week, twice if she insisted. But lately, Ellsa was around almost every single day. And the days she wasn’t, she would call. They would chat and after two minutes of idle conversation, she’d ask to speak to Dale. That wasn’t strange. The guy was practically her brother in law and an addition to their family. 
Ellsa wasn’t interested in Dale. They had a rule and she wouldn’t break it. 
Dale wasn’t some other boyfriend. Ellie was head over heels in love with him. He was her soul mate, the love of her life and the father of her child. Granted, he was dragging his feet when it came to becoming her husband. But essentially, even without that piece of paper, he was her husband. He was committed to their ‘little family’ as he called it and he acted like a husband- as caveman-like and conservative it may seem sometimes.
Yes, Dale wasn’t some other boyfriend, Ellsa knew that and she would never intentionally ruin what they have, especially with the baby in the equation.  
“She’s not interested in Dale.”
“Who’s not interested in Dale?” Ellsa’s voice filled the room. Ellie and Kris turned around to face her. As usual she was dressed like she was a cast member in Knot’s Landing’s at their breakfast table but a little sexier.
“Ellsa, how did you get in here?” Ellie asked, standing up with Kris’s help.
“I have a copy of the key.” She placed the small blue bag on the baby table.
“Since when did you have a key?”
“I think the question is, why do you have a key to Dale’s apartment and how did you get it, because I know Dale said no?” Kris stepped closer to Ellsa, an accusing look on her face.
“Wow Kris, I didn’t know you were Ellie’s part time maid, or is it nanny?” She asked, sarcastically, with a faint distaste in her voice as she addressed Kris. 
Kris was about to insult her when Ellie stepped in between them. “Stop it, both of you.” She turned to Ellsa with a tired smile, “Thanks for the shower and for more baby stuff.” She said pointing at the bag. She rubbed her aching back wishing one of them would offer to give her a massage instead of going at each other.
“Oh no, this is for Dale. Where is he, shouldn’t he be home by now?” She pulled out the box from the bag and glanced at her Rolex watch.
Kris laughed staring at Ellie with both eyebrows raised. Ellie ignored her. She wouldn’t believe her sister was hitting on her man. They’d drawn a line and agreed on never crossing it. “He doesn’t have an exact schedule.”
Ellsa shrugged, “I’ll wait.” then she walked to the mirror and pulled at her short dress, pushing her boobs up and applying more lipstick.
“Of course you will.” Kris hinted. Ellsa turned to her with a lethal gaze in her eye. Before they could go at each other again, Ellie’s cell phone rang.
 Ellie picked it up and moved back in between them, “Hallo?”
 “Ellie,” Audrey started. She wished there was a gentler way to say this without causing a panic.
“Hi Audrey, is everything okay?” Tired, the ache in her back seemed to be getting worse by the second. She walked across the room and lowered herself slowly on to the rocking chair.
“Okay don’t freak out, Dale is in the hospital.” She paused and waited for her to say something but when Ellie didn’t respond she added quickly, “He was shot, but it was just a graze.”
Ellie jumped out of the chair when she heard the words shot and hospital. She felt her heart stop as she struggled to breathe. The pressure in her back increased. This was a call she always dreaded.  
Kris pulled the phone out of Ellie’s frozen fingers. She pulled her back and laid one of Ellsa’s fancy towels on the wet floor. “Hi Audrey, is Dale okay?”
“Yes, it’s nothing serious. Is Ellie okay? She hasn’t said a word since I told her?” She asked, worriedly. 
“How fast can you get an ambulance here?” Kris picked up Ellie’s hospital bag and tossed it at Ellsa who barely caught it.
“Five minutes, why?” Audrey panicked, “Oh god, please tell me I didn’t make her faint or go into labor or shock because Dale is going to kill me!”
“Well, you should hide then,” she said, then hung up the phone. “Ellie honey, your water broke. We are going to sit in the living room and wait for the ambulance. They’ll be here in five minutes.” She spoke softly and slowly at her stunned friend, like she would a child.
Ellie looked down at her wet shorts, “My water broke and Dale got shot.” She uttered zombified until a tightness in her belly snapped her alert. “The baby is coming and its father is in a hospital with a bullet inside him!” She yelled, the tears already streaming down her eyes as she rushed into the living room.
“Is he okay?” Ellsa asked, in a panic grabbing Kris’s arm, “tell me if he’s okay?”
“Hey!” Kris half yelled, pulling her arm free. She stepped in front of her and put her finger in her face, “Listen to me. Dale belongs to Ellie not you, he is Ellie’s boyfriend not yours. Remember that!” With that, she followed Ellie to the living room.
    ****
“How are you holding up?” Richard walked into Carson’s hospital room, a gloomy look on his face.
“Hey, I’m okay.” Carson smiled. He sat on the bed shirtless, a nurse wrapping a bandage around his wounded arm. “It’s just a scratch, unlike the other guy.”
“It was a through and through Carson. It could have hit an artery and you could be dead like the other guy.”
“I know and it’s just one more bullet hole, no biggy, relax.” He knew how close he was to being dead, to never seeing his child and having one of his nightmares come true. He knew, but he didn’t want to think about it. If he was to keep doing this job, at work his state of mind needed to remain that of a care free bachelor. 
“Girls love battle wounds,” the nurse said, smiling sweetly at Carson, “Nothing’s hotter.” 
Carson laughed. Normally this was where he’d go for the kill, but he wasn’t the slightest bit interested. “Not mine, she’ll skin me alive. I’ll have to get a tat to cover up the scar. She can’t find out.”
“Speaking of girls, Ellie is here.” Richard said, with a lighter tone.
Dale’s eyebrows rose in fear. He always promised her he wouldn’t get shot. She was going to kill him. “Excuse me Miss, is there somewhere I can hide?” She laughed, thinking he was joking.
“Dale!” Ellsa cried out running into the room. She threw her hands around him and hugged him tight, “I’m so glad you are okay!”
“Ellsa, I’m sorry I interrupted the baby shower,” he winced, as he pulled at her arms gently, “So, where is Ellie and should I be hiding?” 
She smiled tightly, letting go, “I called everyone and cancelled it when we had to come over. Ellie is over at maternity terrorizing the nurses. She went into labor when Audrey told her you got shot.”
“What!” He jumped off the bed and ran out of the room. It took him five minutes to get to the right floor. Ellie’s screaming voice led him to the right room.
“Please don’t lie to me, just tell me if he’s dead, because if he isn’t I’m going to kill him!” She screamed, crying.
“I’m right here, I’m okay.” he ran to her bedside and hugged her.
“Dale! You are okay!” She laughed, crying. She held him tight then pushed him away with a moan when another contraction hit.
“Just breathe.” Dale put on the shirt Audrey handed him, “Really Audrey.”
“I’m sorry, I thought she’d be okay.” she felt guilty but excited at the same time. Immediately Kris told her Ellie’s water broke, she jumped in her car and drove to the hospital. Her godchild was about to be born!
Ellie punched him in the chest, “It’s not her fault, it’s your fault! You promised you’d never get shot!” She punched him again in the arm, below his wound.
“Ouch! That hurt!” He whined, covering the bandage with his hand. 
 “Hurt! Hurt is,” another contraction stopped her, “Ow, it really hurts!” she cried.
Dale stood there panicked. He wasn’t sure what to do, to ease her pain. He wanted to get a nurse, but he didn’t want to leave her, so he settled for rubbing her back, “Why haven’t they given you an epidural?”
“I don’t want one! Natural child birth... is a beautiful... thing!”
“Babe, right now you’re not looking beautiful, you look like you’re being tortured for national secrets!”
“It will make our bond stronger!” She cried out, fisting Carson’s belly in her hand as a more painful contraction hit.
Carson bit his lips shut to keep from screaming in pain. “Who fed you all this bullshit?” Her lethal gaze made him go quiet, “Okay whatever you want, I’m right here.”
A doctor in blue scrubs walked into the room with a beaming smile on his face. He pointed at the hold Ellie had on Carson, “You must be Dale, the father? It’s good to finally meet you. I’m Roger, Ellie’s doctor.”
Carson felt a little guilty for having not met Ellie’s doctor before, but he didn’t have time to dwell on it, “Yes, I am.”
“Maybe.” Ellie said, shifting around the bed like she was sitting on hot coals.
“What?” Carson and Roger asked at the same time.
“You promise not to get shot again?”
Carson smoothed back the wet strands of hair pasted on her forehead. “Ellie, it’s the hazard of the job and anyway right now isn’t the time to argue about this.”
“Promise!” she yelled out, tightening her grip on him.
“Okay I promise!” He screamed, holding her torturous hand.
“You get shot again, and I swear I’ll kill you myself,” she threatened, then turned to the doctor, “Roger, get it out of me! Get it out of me now!”
****
The next few hours were like an uphill battle. Ellie fought to bring their child into the world and Carson fought anxiety, fear and regret for all the pain she was in. At one point he thought she would die and he wanted a c-section. It took both Richard’s and Paloma’s reassurance that all would be well, to deter him from his decision. Then finally, the ring of a baby’s cry filled the air signaling the end of the labor room war. Carson was relieved when Ellie wasn’t screaming bloody murder any more. But he felt his world shift, when it was replaced by a baby’s cry.
“It’s a girl!” Roger announced proudly, shaking more of Carson’s world. “Would you like to cut the cord?” Carson nodded, but he didn’t move.
“Hey, wake up,” Ellie laughed, as she pushed him forward, her eyes full of happy tears. “Cut the cord, and then bring our daughter to me.” 
Carson relived those few minutes, as he stood in front of the bathroom mirror staring at the new father. The thought was ludicrous, and the fact was even more unbelievable. He had a family, the woman he loved and their daughter- although he wished she would have come into the world in a less dramatic way. 
“Congratulations dad.” Ellsa spoke, pulling Carson back to reality.
“What are you doing in here? This is the men’s room.” He asked, looking at her through the mirror with a profiler’s eye. He was familiar with that face, that body language and it spelt out trouble. She’d been like that with him ever since the first day they met. Ellie was rounder which made Ellsa more secure in her advances, but one thing she didn’t count on, was Carson’s loyalty to her sister. They may share a face, but he saw exactly how different they were.
“I came to congratulate you.” she moved closer to him and ran her fingers lightly down his spine. She was attracted to him even more than she had been to any other man. He was strong, both in character and physic. He was gentle and loving towards her sister, but bold and assertive at work. She’d watched his televised interviews with the press over and over again, whatever state he was in. He had an imposing statue that drove her crazy and when she watched him consol her sister during her horrible labor with kisses and promises she fell in love with him even more. 
Dale Carson was a protector, a lover, a friend, a support system and a partner to her sister. Everything Ellsa wanted for herself.
Carson turned around when Ellsa’s finger got to his belt, “Ellsa we talked about this!” He grabbed her hand when she went to lay it on his chest, “Ellsa you are trying my patience!” He hissed out the warning.
Ellsa felt her body tingle in response to his sternness, “Dale, you are not going to have another opportunity like this,” she spoke, below a whisper, her voice filled with honey. “After waiting, what, two months, you are going to have to wait another six weeks before she could try to satisfy you.” She leaned forward for a kiss, but Carson pushed her back. She was like a mermaid, trying to lure him with her siren to his death. “Are you really going to starve because you think you love her? So what, she gave you a kid, I can pop out one of those things too.”   
Carson felt his body tighten with anger. How he wished Ellie wasn’t related to her. “Ellsa, I’m going to ask you one more time to stop this!”
Ellsa took a step back and stared at him lustfully, “Okay. I’ll wait for you at your apartment. One hour?”
He grabbed her purse and took out her rim of keys. He found his apartment key and took it out, then returned the rest in her purse and threw it at her. “You are Ellie’s sister so I can’t make you stay out of our lives. The only time you come to our home is by invitation. This crap about you stopping by unexpectedly is over!”
Ellsa just smiled at him. Without a word, she blew him a kiss and walked out. Carson took a few moments to calm himself before he stepped out, and when he did, he wished he hadn’t.
“What were you two doing in there alone?” Kris demanded, her arms crossed over her chest.
“It’s not what you think.” he said, walking past her.
“What am I thinking Dale?” She asked, going after him.
“She’s the one coming on to me.” he defended, half yelling.
“Then why don’t you put a stop to it!” She returned, in the same tone.
Carson stopped and faced her. “Don’t you think I’ve tried that!” he whispered, harshly. He didn’t want the air to carry this annoying situation to Ellie’s ears. “She’s like an itch in my back that I can’t get rid of.”
Kris exhaled. She understood. When Ellsa wanted something she went for it, she did it with more zeal if it belonged to Ellie. “Change your locks or move and don’t tell her where.”
“I took her key.” he said, as they walked back to Ellie’s room.
Kris hooted. “You think that will stop her? I’m sure she has a million copies in her apartment.”
“How did she get a copy in the first place?”
“She’s resourceful,” Kris said, planting a huge smile on her face before she stepped into the room. The smile faded fast when she saw Ellsa, “I found your man Ellie.”
Ellie cradled her daughter in her arms, studying the different expressions she made on her ivory brown face as she slept. She puckered her pink rose bud lips and her brows creased for a moment before they smoothed out with a sweet sigh. Ellie tried to imagine what her little angel could be dreaming of, or probably thinking about how different the safety of her mother’s womb was to the outside world. Ellie was thinking about it. But she wasn’t going to worry about that now. She was going to admire the tiny being she’d felt kick and move inside her for nine months.
“We only have her for twenty minutes before they take her away again.” Ellie cooed, her eyes still on her daughter.
“Why twenty minutes, I thought she was ours?” Carson asked, sitting next to her, reality hitting him hard in the chest again. He felt like he was going to sing, like in one of those corny musicals when the characters were happy. He put his finger on her soft cheek and felt his heart leap in joy when she turned her head into it.
“Something about her adjusting. She likes you,” she tittered, then reached up to kiss him. “Thank you.” She whispered, on his lips.
“I should be thanking you,” he said, looking down into her eyes. “You gave a lot, went through a lot,” his brow creased remembering the horrifying labor, “Just to give me this precious gift.”
“You want to hold her?” without waiting for his answer, she made a crook of his arms then gently laid the baby in it.
Carson laughed nervously. He was more afraid of handling her, than he was about handling a grenade. “She so tiny and fragile,” he fussed. He raised her high to his lips and placed a gentle kiss on her forehead, taking in the heavenly sweet baby scent, “How is it, babies smell so good when they are born?”
“You are asking the wrong people.” Ellie answered, resting her head on his shoulder.
Carson kissed the top of her head, “You look tired, are you sure you are okay?” he asked, worriedly.
“I’m perfect,” she reassured him, placing her finger in the baby’s open hand and smiling when she closed her tiny fist around it. “So what do you think about babies now?”
“They are wonderful and a precious gift from God. Little one,” Carson started addressing the sound angel, “We are going to love you and protect you forever. I swear it.” 
Ellie kissed his shoulder, letting a tear escape.
“See that,” Kris whispered in Ellsa’s ear, “That’s the sight of a man in love, who’ll never cheat on the love of his life. Give up and leave him alone. He’ll never love you like he loves her.” She stepped from behind her and stood next to her, “Kind of the story of your life when it comes to men, huh?” She taunted. “If they have a son, he will be one more man who’ll love Ellie more than you.” 
Kris smiled, knowing she’d struck a nerve when Ellsa’s jaw tightened and fisted her hands at her sides. “Let’s take her first baby picture.” She declared, stepping forward with a camera in her hand.
“Congratulations!” Audrey announced, stepping into the room with pink balloons and a huge teddy bear. The rest of the team followed close behind her, each with a gift for the new baby.
“We came to welcome our new team member,” Doran joked, “How is she?”
“She’s perfect.” Carson raved.
“She’s so cute!” Paloma cooed, staring down at the baby.
“Carson, how does it feel to be a dad?” Richard asked, with a smile, “Practice is over!” The room filled with laughter, disturbing the baby’s sleep. She whimpered for a moment but quickly fell back to sleep.
“Practice will never be over,” Carson whispered, “But it feels scary and exciting at the same time.”
“It’s going to stay that way for the rest of her life, trust me.”
“So what are we going to name my goddaughter?” Audrey asked, excitedly. Kris rolled her eyes at the comment.
“Actually, I wanted to wait for Dale’s mom before we settle on any names.” Ellie answered, tiredly, “It’s the least we could do, since she missed the birth of her first grandchild.” 
Ellie and Ann had grown close over the past few months. Ellie got the mother she’d missed and Ann got the daughter she never had. They talked on a daily basis and Ellie was excited about her coming to stay with them to help with the baby. She was supposed to be Ellie’s coach through the labor and not her frantic son.
“Her only grandchild.” Carson corrected, the labor ordeal still haunting him.
“Hey! I only let Audrey be godmother, because I called dibs on the next one!” Kris protested.
“How about having one of your own Kris? I can’t take another delivery like that.” 
“You are such a coward, considering Ellie did all the work!” Kevin teased, “You run into fire fights without thinking twice about it, but when you hear of a second baby, you quiver?”
Carson gave Kevin a cut look, which wiped Kevin’s smile away. That was one thing Carson didn’t want Ellie to know. 
“Don’t even remind me.” Ellie said, with a sad tone in her voice, as she lightly stroked Carson’s bandaged arm.
Doran spoke quickly changing back the mood, “You’ll change your mind when you get tired of playing dress up and you want to play ball instead.”
“She’s daddy’s little girl, we’ll do everything together.” Carson answered, already imagining her at five. She would be as beautiful as her mother. He’d teach her how to play basketball and watch proudly as she breezed through arts and crafts. With an artistic mother, she’d probably be drawing full human figures and not sticks and circles like other kids. 
Daniel stepped into the already overcrowded room, a giraffe in his hand. He looked at Ellie- who hadn’t noticed him yet- jealousy in his heart, as he stared at the picture perfect family that could have been his. He stood next to Kris, opting to stay unnoticed for a few more minutes, but she wouldn’t allow him that pleasure. “The godfather is here!” Daniel cringed at the title. He didn’t want it, but he couldn’t say no to Ellie, he loved her too much.
He smiled at Ellie when she turned to him. She looked exhausted but her smile was full of life and love. “Congratulations, to both of you.” He drew his eyes from her and glanced at Carson in acknowledgement for a second, before he turned back to Ellie.
“Thank you,” she said, “I’m happy you came.”
“I am the godfather,” the title began to feel like an insult to him, “Don’t worry, I’ll always have your back, no matter what.”
“Thanks.”
“Yeah, thank you Daniel.” Carson spoke, his voice stiff. He didn’t like the fact that Daniel was going to be his daughter’s godfather, but he had to forfeit that choice when he insisted on Audrey over Kris. Daniel was in love with Ellie, and that just rubbed him the wrong way.  
Gwen chortled, recognizing how she felt, on both Ellsa’s and Daniel’s faces. Ellie’s and Carson’s lives were going to be full of drama. “This is where I bring my gift in and say congratulations.” 
Gwen had been standing in awkward silence since they stepped into the room. She’d gotten over Carson and she’d stopped being rude to Ellie, but there was still that pang of jealousy and hurt especially now that they had a kid together. 
She opened the door, and in stepped Ann.
 “Mom!” Carson exclaimed, excitedly, this time the baby wailed in response. Ann hurried to Carson’s side and took the tiny creature into her arms.
“My little angel, you are finally here.” She kissed her son then Ellie, holding her in a gentle gaze, happy and appreciative. “Thank you.” Ellie just nodded, too emotional to speak.
“Where is senior?” Carson asked, referring to his father.
“He’s still in Scotland. But I called him and told him his first grandchild was born. He was so happy, he rushed to the family pub and put me on speaker to announce it again. He said he wished you stayed on schedule Ellie.” The room filled with laughter again. Ann pulled the pink beanie over the baby’s ears to muffle the noise.
“Well, I didn’t have much of a choice,” she said, giving Dale a look. Carson looked back at her, his eyes begging for her not to say another word. 
“So, what is my little angel’s name?” Ann nuzzled her nose against the baby’s.
“I was thinking we could combine the two names of the most important women in our lives, our mothers.” She starred up at Carson tearfully and then settled her gaze back on Ann, “Stacey-Ann.” Saying her mother’s name didn’t hurt as it usually did. Now she felt immense love when it referred to her daughter. “Ellsa, are you okay with that?”
“Why wouldn’t I be?” She responded, with a tight smile.
Carson caressed Ellie’s cheek lovingly, “That’s a beautiful name.”
Ann teared up, “The best.” She cleared her throat, “And now, you all need to go so that Stacey-Ann and her mommy can rest.”
“I’m not tired.” Ellie shook her head, the exhaustion dominant on her face.
“Still, its time,” the nurse who had slipped in unnoticed spoke. “I have to take the baby back anyway.” She said, reaching for the baby.
“Wait,” Ellie said, sitting up. Ann handed her the baby, “See you later Stacey-Ann. Always remember we love you.” she kissed her tiny cheeks then handed her to the nurse.
“I’ll go with you,” Carson announced, following the nurse. The rest looked at him with amused looks on their faces, “What? I just want to see where she’s taking her and make sure she’s safe.”
“Stacey-Ann is never going to date.” Kevin said, with a laugh.
“You can be sure of that!” Carson echoed.
****
Ellie sat in the rocking chair, her baby curled in her arms as she suckled. She’d never felt as wonderful, as important and as connected to another human being as she felt to her daughter when she nursed her. She laughed at the moments of insecurity she had when Stacey-Ann looked at her with her big brown eyes. She always felt like her baby wasn’t looking at her but looking through her, into her inner soul.
“How do you like you room?” Ellie asked, holding her tiny fist with two fingers, “Mommy did her very best, just to make it extra perfect for you,” she lifted her fist and kissed it. She smiled at the fact it was the size of her own puckered lips. “I like the picture of daddy and me while you were still in mommy’s tummy.” She looked at the large portrait of her bare belly with Dale’s hands above and below it. And right next to it was a new picture of Dale holding Stacey-Ann with her next to them. She had numerous shots of her pregnant belly taken and she’d placed them around the house. Dale was a little reserved about taking the pictures, but once he saw them he loved them. 
“But I like it better having you in my arms,” Ellie held her closer; “I could hold you forever.”
“As long as I get a turn.” Carson said, stepping into the room. He’d been watching them for a while, humbled and overwhelmed by the unexplainable feeling he had watching his two girls. It had been a month and he was still floored by the fact that he was a dad. He was someone’s father. He’d created life, another human being that he’d completely, unequivocally and unquestionably fallen in love with. Ellie glanced up and smiled, she had a flutter in her chest. It always happened when he looked at them like that. “You know if you keep dodging work and coming home early, we are going to get very attached.”
“She’s been our good luck charm,” he crouched down next to the rocker. “You two look so beautiful like this.” He caressed Stacey-Ann’s cheek with his finger then reached up and touched Ellie’s cheek, “Have I told you how much I love you today?”
“Well, let’s see?” She turned her head slightly to kiss his hand, “At three this morning, then at five and finally at seven when you left for work.” 
“You haven’t slept yet have you?” he asked, concerned, when she yawned. She had bags under her eyes and they were half closed.
“It’s good practice for the next baby.” she smiled tiredly. Why she would want another child, she could only chalk it up to the insane hormones. But she did want Stacey-Ann to have company and she also wanted Dale to have a son. Ellie loved her dad, and her dad had loved them, but he always kept wondering what if. Ellie didn’t want Dale to wonder what if.
“Another baby?” Carson asked, with a panicked laugh. He took his daughter from her mother’s arms when she pulled away from her breast, full of her mommy’s milk. The look of pain on Ellie’s face still haunted him. There was no way he was going to put her through that again.
“Yeah, maybe a boy.” she said, buttoning up her shirt.
“I don’t think so.” he made funny faces at Stacey-Ann but his audience just stared at him, a questioning look on her face.
Walking across the room, she wrapped her arms around his waist. “Dale you were an only kid and you said it sucked.”  Carson raised his arm and tucked her under, and then he rocked, gently dancing with his two girls. “And I know what it’s like to have a dad try to turn me into a son,” she said, rocking with him. “I want us all to have what we want; you a son, Stacey-Ann a playmate and I a boy and a girl.”
“There is no guarantee the next one will be a boy.”
“Then we’ll keep trying until we get one.”
Carson kissed her forehead, “I’ll think about it.”
“You do know you have very little control over my reproductive system?”
Carson looked at her amused. He always thought he let her have everything she wanted because she was pregnant and he didn’t want to stress her, but it was becoming very apparent that he found it difficult to say no to her, and she was stubborn. “After five years.” he conceded. 
“In one or two years,” she yawned again then placed her head on his chest. She wished Dale senior and Ann had stayed a while longer. Right now they would have been fussing over their granddaughter and she would be enjoying the comfort of her bed. “I don’t want a very large gap between the two of them.”
“How about you go sleep for a while, and I’ll look after the angel.” He walked her to the open double doors adjoining the two rooms, “I’ll tuck you in.” He pulled the bed covers down and waited for her to climb in, and then he pulled the covers up, securing her comfortably in between the sheets. “Comfy?”
“Very,” her eyes already closed, “Don’t forget to burp her, then change her and then...”
He cut her off, “Dance with her until she falls asleep. I know I’ve done this before.” He reached down and kissed her on the lips, “I love you.”
“I love you too.” 
Carson crossed back into the nursery and sat on the rocker, the baby secure in his arms. He left the doors open so that he could watch Ellie sleep, he loved watching his girls sleep- they looked so beautiful and peaceful. He also felt at peace having them close and in eye sight... but he couldn’t help but feel that something might still go wrong.
It was an inkling, an inkling he wished he didn’t have.
  Chapter Five
A few months had passed by, Stacey-Ann was bigger, Ellie was smaller and Carson was back at work full time and still worried, the cloud still hanging over his head. They were still fighting about Ellie going back to work, which Carson wasn’t going to sway on. He wanted her with their daughter twenty-four-seven and day care wasn’t going to cut it. They’d reached a temporary arrangement where Ellie had classes two hours a day and Kris would take Stacey-Ann for those two hours. Ellie wasn’t happy about it, but she understood his mentality.  
Being home with her and the baby had become his out, his safe haven since hell seemed to have broken lose. He was gone a lot, catching killers and profiling those already behind bars. Then he would go home, place the baby in bed with them- securely on Ellie’s side- and curl up behind Ellie, fitting her body against his. He would watch them sleep awhile before he slept, knowing they were close and safe.
 His job had become an illness and they had become his cure.  And now, after days of missing them like crazy, he was finally home. 
“Ellie where are you?” Carson dropped his bag on the floor by the door and walked into his quiet home. It had been close to three weeks since he last held them in his arms and all he wanted to do was fall asleep with both of them in his arms. The quietness could mean one of two things, both Ellie and Stacey-Ann were asleep or they weren’t home. “Is anyone home?”
“I’m here,” a voice sang out of their room. 
He stopped by the door when he saw the trail of roses laid out leading to the bed. He smiled in expectation. They’d postponed date night twice because of their hectic schedules. “Finally, we can have our night.”
She stepped out in a skimpy lingerie and high heels. She looked like a long drink of sex, a temptress of desire and a she-devil of lust. He liked it. He approached her, pulling off his shirt, “You’ve never gone all out like this before. You must have really missed me.”
She sauntered seductively towards him. “Never? Well then, you are in for a treat.” She reached up and pulled his head down, trapping his lips hungrily with hers.
Dale broke the kiss, very surprised. He liked it. “That’s different too.” He wrapped his arms around her, “is this some sort of reward for loving you so much?”
She unfastened his belt, “You could say that.”
He kissed her, “Where is the angel?”
“What angel?”
He pulled away, “Ellie, our daughter, Stacey-Ann?”
She pulled him back, “Oh. She’s with... her godmother.” She tried to kiss him again, but he pulled away.
“I left Audrey at the office. What’s wrong with...?” He pushed her back, taking several steps away from her. “Ellsa?” he uttered the name with disgust. “Where is Ellie? I swear if you’ve hurt her...” he let the threat linger.
She moved towards him and grabbed his hand, but he yanked it away, “No I’m Ellie.”
“Really?” he yelled, his anger mounting, “Lift your straight hair!” That should have been his first clue. Ellie loved curls and she would never wear bangs. She hated them!
He thought this was all over. Since the hospital, he’d had no contact with her except for the greetings passed on by Ellie. How stupid of him to think she’d left him in peace!
“What?” She stuttered, taking a step back.
“Ellie has the baby’s birthday and name tattooed on the back of her neck.” He pointed to his chest, right over his heart, “like the one I have here, right next to her name.” He grabbed at her. She tried to pull away but he caught hold of her, turned her around and pulled her hair up away from her neck, “You don’t!” He bellowed, pushing her away roughly. She fell to the floor almost hitting her head on the bed frame. 
“It was a temporary tattoo, I washed it off!” 
“You bitch!” He hissed, “I told you to stay away from me! I don’t love you, I don’t want you! Can’t you get that through you thick skull?”
“Dale...” she cried.
He grabbed her chin and lifted her up, “I wouldn’t cheat on your sister, the love of my life, with you, even if you were the last living being on earth!”
She held his hand and tried to kiss his palm, but he pulled it away. She grabbed it again and held it against her chest. “Dale I love you!” She implored. Tears ran down her face, the running mascara ruining her makeup further. “She could never love you like I do!”
“You sound so sure of that.”
Carson pulled away at Ellie’s voice. He turned around and stared at her, lost for words. Audrey and Kris were with her, horrified by the sight. “Honey, it’s not what you think!”
She nodded, a tear escaping her eye. “I know. I’ve been standing here long enough to figure that out. Would you please get dressed?” She handed Stacey-Ann to Audrey. “Ellsa, what exactly were you trying to do?”
Ellsa stomped forward and stood in front of Carson. He moved back as he shrugged on his shirt. “Dale and I love each other and right before you rudely interrupted us, we were about to make love!” She announced, proudly.
“You have no shame!” Kris sniggered.
Ellie took a step forward, “Make love, in my bed?”
“This is Dale’s apartment and his bed too,” she turned to him, rushing towards him, “Right honey?”
Kris rushed to block her way, “Hey! I told you before, he belongs to Ellie not you!”
Ellie stopped, shifting her livid gazed to Kris, “What do you mean by before?”
“I told you Ellie. I tried to warn you, but you wouldn’t listen to me!”
Carson moved to stand next to Ellie, “this isn’t the first time she’s tried this.”
She turned to Carson, “Why didn’t you tell me?” her voice quivered, fresh tears running down her cheeks.
“She’s your sister. She was all you had before Stacey-Ann and me,” he moved to touch her, but she shifted away. “Ellie...”
She closed her eyes and shook her head, “Get out of my home Ellsa.” she whispered.
“No, this is Dale’s apartment!” She yelled, “Dale honey, tell her you want me and not her!”
“Unbelievable.” Audrey whispered.
“Leave before I drag you out Ellsa!” Kris threatened.
Ellie opened her eyes, they were full of hate and anger. “I’m not going to say it again Ellsa.”
“Dale, honey,” Ellsa began, a smile on her face, “I’m pregnant!”
That statement set Ellie off. She rushed at her sister and slapped her hard, sending her sprawling on the floor. Then she grabbed her by her hair and dragged her across the floor out the door and out of the apartment, “I swear if I see you anywhere near my family again, I’ll forget you are my sister!”
Ellie banged the door shut and leaned against it, as she struggled to control her breathing.
Ellsa banged on the door, “Ellie you are going to pay for this!”
“Go away!” Ellie yelled back.
“She’s crazy!” Audrey exclaimed.
“I’ve been saying that for years.” Kris exclaimed, moving to stand next to Ellie.
“What she said is not true!” Carson declared, rushing to Ellie, “I swear I have never touched her!”
But Ellie didn’t respond. She just stared blankly at her daughter, fresh tears escaping her eyes.
“She knows. She just needs a minute to process,” Kris offered. “Honey...” Ellie pulled away before she could touch her. She went straight to Audrey, took her sleeping daughter and marched to the guest room, locking the door behind her.  
Carson knocked on the door, “Honey please talk to me!” He begged, a feeling of dread settling in his belly, “Ellie, please!”
“You are wasting your time Dale. She’s not coming out of there, at least not tonight. I’m so sorry.” Kris spoke opening the front door.
Audrey went to him and gave him a hug, “Carson, if you need anything at all, call me.”
He nodded. Once they left, he sank to the floor his back against the guest room door. “I’ll wait here all night if I have to Ellie.”
Ellie moved to the door and leaned against it. She cried, out of anger, sadness and loss. She couldn’t believe what she saw. What her sister tried to do to her. What could have happened if she hadn’t gotten home in time? No, if Dale hadn’t realized it wasn’t her. But what if he didn’t? What hurt her the most was the fact that her sister had betrayed her in the worst way imaginable.
She leaned closer against the door when Dale called out her name again. It wasn’t his fault, Ellsa was to blame. She knew that, but then again, she was still angry at him from hiding the fact that her twin sister had been trying to sleep with him for months. She could forgive him, but she couldn’t forgive Ellsa. If she did, that would be giving Ellsa permission to try again, and she was going to keep trying until she got what she wanted. 
And if she didn’t, she would hate Ellie for the rest of their lives.
She cried harder, her heart ripping in two, as she mourned the loss of her sister.
****
Ellsa sat at the bar licking her wounds with the help of a few tequilas, after getting thrown out of Ellie’s home. This person wasn’t her. She didn’t go to dingy places, drink cheap liquor and feel sorry for herself. She was better than this, and yet she couldn’t help but wallow in the gutter.
How dare they humiliate her like that? And worse of all, in front of Kris and Audrey? Ellie might be her sister, but she was going to regret what she did. And Carson, he had no idea what he’d just started. 
She drove so far just to get away from the humiliation. She didn’t even know the name of the stupid town. 
A man sat in the stool next to her, ogling at her like he was seeing a woman for the first time. “Hi honey, how you doing tonight?”
“Get away from me,” Ellsa uttered, with disgust.
He held a lock of her hair and rubbed it in between his fingers, “What’s wrong? I was just trying to be nice.”
Ellsa pulled away, “Don’t touch me.”
The man sneered, “What, you think you are so special?”
“Yes I am. The hands that touch me earn a million as an annual income. How much do you make a month, or should I have said a day?”
The man got right into her face, “You are a high priced whore! It doesn’t change the fact that you sell your body for money. How much do you earn a day?”
“Do I look like a prostitute to you?” 
He winked at her, “I saw what you have under that coat. Trust me, I’m going to be worth your while. It will be so good, you’ll be paying me.”
Ellsa slapped him across the face and poured the tequila in his eyes. “Touch me again, and I’ll kill you!” 
He grabbed her and roughly pulled her off the stool, “You little bitch!” He hissed. “I’m going to teach you a lesson!” He dragged her out into the alley and pinned her against the wall. He felt her up as she struggled to push him off her.
She stopped fighting when something in her mind clicked, “Okay! I’ll do what you want. You don’t have to force yourself on me.” 
The man looked at her with a glimmer in his eye. “You are not going to run, or blind me with your pepper spray?”
She tilted her head and looked at him. She then ran her fingers over his lips, “Of course not. I’m going to do you a favor.” 
The man moaned, closing his eyes, “What?”
“Stop your life from getting even more pathetic.”
 “Please do.”
Ellsa pushed him down a few inches to reach his ear, one hand on his chin the other stroking the back of his neck, “You asked for it.” She whispered. And with one swift quick move, she snapped his neck. The man’s body fell to the ground with a loud thud.
Ellsa stepped over him and walked back into the bar. “Can I have another glass of tequila?”
A drunk man staggered to her, “That was fast. He is a man with empty promises.” He laughed. “So is it my turn?” 
“What?”
“I swear, I live up to my promises.”
She turned and looked at him and smiled, “Are you sure? There is no going back from it.”
He ran his hand up her leg, “Very sure.”
“Hey! Let her go!”
Ellsa turned to the voice. At first she wasn’t sure who it was, until he shoved the drunk away and spoke to her.
“Ellie, are you okay?”
She bit down angrily, “Hi George. What are you doing here?”
He smiled at her. She fell in love with him because of that smile. “I could ask you the same thing. What are you doing here Ellie?”
She swallowed hard, pushing the anger down. If he calls me Ellie one more time... she thought.
He put his hand on her back, “please come with me.”
Without a word, she went with him. She got into his car and didn’t say a word until he spoke first.
“I’m sorry if I’m intruding, but I thought you were an art teacher?”
“I was, until they fired me. All I can do now, is sell my body just to eat.” 
 George gave her a confused look. “But on your Facebook page it says married with a daughter. What happened?”
Ellsa tilted her head and stared at him and then, something in her mind just clicked. 
She began to cry hysterically.
George put a hand on her shoulder, “Ellie, what’s wrong?”
“My daughter died and my husband became my pimp. George my life is a nightmare!”
“Shh. Don’t cry. You can stay with me for the time being and then we’ll figure something out.”
Ellsa kept on with the ruse even when they got to his loft. He had pictures of all sorts of people around his home. She smiled when she saw his football trophy. He’d won that their senior year, and then a rage took over her when she saw the picture next to it. It was of him and Ellie, so happy and celebrating. That should have been her.
“That’s my favorite picture. I hope you don’t mind that I have it out?” 
She shook her head pulling her lips into a tight smile. “Who are all the other people?”
He smiled, walking to a group shot. “These are the kids from my drug free project. Half of them are graduating High School this year.”
Ellsa hung on his arm, “You are an everyday hero.”
He blushed, “I try.” He then handed her the clothes he was holding, “You can change into these. You can have my bed too, and I’ll sleep on the couch.”
Ellsa smiled seductively at him, “A hero and a gentleman. However can I repay you?” She dropped the coat, exposing the lingerie underneath.
George swallowed hard as he drank her up with his eyes. “Ellie you don’t have to...”
She moved closer to him, “But I want to.” She grabbed his shirt and stared up at him under her eyelashes, “It would be a pleasure.”
George dislodged her hands and took a step back. “What did that man do to you? This isn’t you Ellie.”
Ellsa got enraged, “What, I’m not good for you either?”
He caressed her cheek, “Of course you are. I just don’t want you to feel like you have to do this the rest of your life.”
Ellsa leaned into his hand, “You were always so sweet to me George.”
“You were my girlfriend, it was my job to make you feel special each and every day.” He pulled away and went to the kitchen, “How about some pasta?”
Ellsa shrugged her shoulder, “I hate pasta.” She sat at his island, not bothering to cover herself up.
George looked at her with an arched eyebrow, “You used to love pasta. Ellsa was the one who hated it.”
Ellsa pulled the knife out of the holder and toyed with the tip, “Speaking of Ellsa, why didn’t you date her?” 
George kept dicing the tomatoes, “She wasn’t you.”
“Excuse me?” She hadn’t intended to come offended. And by the look on George’s face, she couldn’t take it back.
“Don’t get me wrong, she’s a nice girl, but she just wasn’t you.”
Ellsa’s hold on the knife tip tightened, “We are twins.”
“She was shallow and you were...” he looked at her affectionately, “You are beautiful inside and out. Everything about you is real and so wonderful.”
Ellsa stood up and walked around the island to him, “So Ellsa wasn’t good enough?”
He placed the knife down and turned to her, “Nothing personal, but Ellsa is a handful, a prima donna and I have no patience for that. I’m sure there are others who feel the same way.”
“Huh, that is something to investigate,” she closed the gap between them, “too bad you won’t be around to find out.”
“What? Why?” And then the smile on his face turned into a horrified stare. He stepped back, his hand over his bleeding chest. 
“That’s why.”
“Ellie?” he gasped, his face creased in terrified surprise.
“No, Ellsa.” She followed as he back up into the open space close to the bed. “I wasn’t good enough ha? Ellie was your angel, your all natural shining star.” When he fell on the ground she climbed on top of him, “too bad she’s not here to help you.”
And then she stabbed him countless times through the chest right into his heart. She stopped when he began gagging out blood. She stood up and went to the bed, grabbing his bed throw and wiping the blood off.
 “I hope you don’t mind if I use your laptop?” She turned to look at his fearful bloody face. “Of course you don’t.” She turned to the laptop and typed in the name Taylor Jones. 
Ellsa paid Taylor a visit at his penthouse apartment and did the same thing to him. She had a slight five second pang of remorse about killing such a rich and major NFL star. But knowing Ellie would be hurt by the death of another boyfriend erased that guilt. 
Ellsa moved on to every guy who had Ellie’s picture up on the social network as the date to remember, and then she paid her recent ex-boyfriend a visit.
She’d planned on paying extra attention to him.
“Hi Ned.” she said, pushing her way into his home.
“What are you doing here Ellsa?” 
She smiled at him, glad that for once someone recognized her. “I came to say hi and see how you are doing.”
Ned kept the door open until she sat down, giving no indication that she was going to leave anytime soon. “What do you want Ellsa?”
“Are you still in love with my sister?” He looked away. Ellsa bit down, “That must mean yes. Why?”
“Because compared to you, she’s a breath of fresh air. I would have done anything for her, just to have her. And I would have done anything to get rid of you.”
His words burned her, like hot coal against her skin. She stood up and headed for the door. She stopped when she got to him, “It was nice seeing you again.”
Not turning to look at her, “The feeling isn’t mutual. Just leave.”
Ellsa walked past him, when he didn’t turn around to watch her, she pulled a syringe out of her jacket pocket and stuck it in his back.
Ned fell onto the floor, stiff. 
She knelt down and turned him on his back. She held his hand up and watched it fall on the floor with a thud. She smiled as she watched his fear filled eyes watching her. “What’s your opinion on fire?”
She turned on the gas, hung around for a minute, then lit a small fire near him, giving her enough time to leave the building before the apartment blew up.
****
Ellie sat in front of her canvas, completely lost in her sister’s memory. She hadn’t seen her in over four months. She worried how she was, if she was finally happy, if she was fine and especially if she still hated her. Ellie had tried to contact her, but after a few times of rejecting her calls, emails and letters, Ellsa changed her phone number, her email and her mailing address. She’d shut Ellie out of her life completely, as if she had been wronged, when it was the other way round!
But that didn’t stop Ellie from missing her or feeling guilty. Ellie had a family, but she was all Ellsa had. Her parents would be disappointed in them, fighting over a man. 
But he isn’t any man! He is the father of my daughter and my fiancé! Ellie thought to herself.
She raised her left hand and looked at the big, but subtle diamond ring on her finger. Dale had proposed only days after the incident. Ellie felt like it was his way of ensuring himself of her love. She said yes, but it was a hesitant yes. But there was nothing hesitant about the intense lovemaking after. That was his way of ensuring her of his love. She was reassured alright, five times.
“The canvas is still blank. You are either thinking of a wedding date or you are thinking of Ellsa.” Carson spoke, behind her.
He’d been standing there for a while, watching her inner turmoil reflect on her face. He wished there was a way he could comfort her, but he knew nothing would help, except seeing Ellsa again. He didn’t want that, ever.
Ellie turned around on her stool and gave him a quick tight smile, “Where is Stacey-Ann?”
Carson moved to stand next to her, “In her room trying to climb her dresser. She’s been doing that a lot lately. And to think she’s just learned how to crawl.”
She leaned her head against his belly and wrapped her arms around his waist, “She’s eight months old. She’s getting curious.”
Carson rubbed her shoulders, “At least she’s not putting bugs in her mouth anymore.”
Ellie chuckled, “You wish!”
Carson took a deep breath. He wished he didn’t have to bring it up, but Ellie being down was bringing him down too. She should be in the nursery, taking a video of her daughter trying to climb her dresser and then most definitely fall on her ass! But she was here, staring at a blank canvas, pouting. “You want to talk about it?”
“No.”
“It might help.”
“It won’t.”
He unclasped her hold, pulled another stool over and sat across from her. “I just told you, your daughter is trying to climb her dresser and all you did is hug me and tell me she’s curious. You need to get out of this rut, for Stacey-Ann’s sake.”
She blinked back the tears, “I’m not doing this on purpose.” She whispered.
He stroked her cheek, “I know you love your sister and you miss her desperately, despite what she’s done. But do you think she is moping around as much as you are?”
She shook her head.
“Then, why are you making us suffer for her selfishness?”
“Dale...”
He placed his palms on her cheeks. “We are here. Your friends are here and your family is here. Be here with us Ellie. Please. If it will make you feel better, I’ll invite Daniel over more often.”
Ellie chuckled, wiping a stray tear away, “You two don’t like each other.”
“Like is an overstatement, but I’m willing to do anything to make you happy again. Even if it means... finding your sister.” Carson tried to sound like he really meant it.
Ellie’s eyes narrowed suspiciously at him, “I can never tell if you are lying or telling the truth.”
Carson smiled, “It is part of my day job.”
“Aha,” Ellie said, climbing onto his laps and then kissing him deeply, “Well, your other shift has started, soon to be hubby.”
Carson smiled. He never thought he’d liked hearing that word. But from Ellie’s lips, anything she called him would sound like precious music to his ears. “So when would you like to get married?”
She rubbed her nose against his, “As soon as possible.”
“How does tomorrow sound?”
She kissed him lightly on the lips. “Too soon, not enough time to plan. How about this weekend?”
He pulled away slightly, just enough to look into her eyes, “Are you serious?”
“Very.” She slid closer to his hips, as the desire to have him ravish her increased. 
Carson ran his hands up and down her thighs lightly at first making her shiver. The sound of her purr made his desire more urgent. He tightened his grip on her, his fingers digging into her flesh as he pulled her harder against him. Suddenly all the clothes they had on began to feel like a barrier. Ellie echoed his thought when she hurriedly began to unfasten his belt. He moaned, glad she was wearing a dress.
 And then it was all over.
Ellie whined as she pulled away prompted by Stacey-Ann’s crying. “But right now your other, most important boss is calling you.” She moved back onto her stool.
Carson grunted as he stood up, “Five more minutes, that’s all I wanted.”
Ellie laughed, “Make sure she isn’t badly hurt and then come to the bedroom. We’ll turn those five minutes into half an hour.” She teased.
Carson smiled, giving her a quick kiss before he left, “I can’t believe we missed that.”
“No we didn’t. There are wide angled cameras in her room. We can watch her fall on her ass as many times as we want.”
Carson laughed, “A gag video at the expense of your daughter!”
“That... and the fact that daddy has a very scary day job.” Ellie spoke, her voice coated with worry.
Carson recognized it immediately, because he too was having nightmares about his day job. Ellie didn’t know, but he had a gun strapped under Stacey-Ann’s bed and other furniture around the apartment. The alarm and the motion sensors were fine, they gave Ellie a sense of security, but he knew better. 
He picked up his daughter and kissed her wet cheeks. “Girls are supposed to play with dolls not climb stuff.” He held her close, stroking her tiny back. He felt his heart melt when she hugged him back, holding onto his large neck with her tiny hands. “But it’s okay. Daddy is going to be here to pick you up every time you fall, and then laugh as he watches it on tape over and over again. But I still love you very much.”
****
The weekend wedding was postponed by another week. Planning a wedding, even a small one took a lot more time and energy than Ellie had anticipated, but the day was finally here. Ellie sat in front of the mirror looking at her reflection. She looked prettier with more makeup than she usually wore and her hair straightened and held in a bun.
 She looked even more like Ellsa.
“What are you thinking about?” Audrey asked, putting more pearl pins in her hair.
“I’m thinking... I can see how Dale had spent ten minutes thinking Ellsa was me. I look just like her all dolled up. Sexier.”
Audrey pinched her, making her jump. “Don’t say things like that! Carson loves you just the way you are. If Amin had a twin brother who was standing naked in my bedroom, the last thing on my mind would be making sure if he is the right twin. It took Carson two minutes to figure that out.”
“When the mother of your child doesn’t know where your daughter is, that’s a dead give away.” Kris spoke, downing more of the champagne.
“He said he didn’t recognize her behavior.”
“Why, because I’m boring and she’s exciting when it comes to sex.” Ellie moaned.
“No, because that’s not what he fell in love with.”
“Sure?” Kris asked, shifting to the chair that was closer to them, “I thought it was the sex thing.”
Audrey grabbed the flute out of her hand. “You are not helping. If you can’t do your duties as the maid of honor, I will take over.”
Kris shot out of the chair, “Oh no you don’t! You already stole godmother from me, you are not stealing this!”
“Then do what you are supposed to or you’ll die a technological death!”
Kris gave her a blank stare, confused by the threat.
Ellie laughed, “Do what she tells you Kris. I had to carry cash everywhere in New York, when she crippled my credit cards.”
Audrey’s face turned pink with embarrassment, “How did you know it was me?”
“Dale asked me if I had any technological problems. I told him about the cards and how the banks had no idea what the problem was, and he apologized on your behalf. I almost got arrested for trying to defraud them. And then, a day after I came to your office, they called and apologized for the technical glitch.”
“Sorry.”
“The machines aren’t going to take over, it people like her who are, geeks with computers!” Kris exclaimed, the bubbly already in her head.
“We already have honey.” Audrey declared, proudly.
Ellie stood up laughing, “Audrey would you please help me with my dress?”
“Hey, that’s my job!” Kris moaned.
Ellie held up three fingers, “How many fingers am I holding up?”
Kris paused, her eyes shrinking a size, “Three.”
“Sober up. I don’t want you staggering down the aisle.”
“Fine!” she said, walking to the liquor trolley. She picked up a bottle of water and downed it, without taking a breath.
Audrey held the dress down so that Ellie could step into it, then she pulled it up gently and zipped her in it. The strapless dress was an off-white bridal satin, with beaded embellishment across her chest. It hugged her curves and widened at her knees to the tip of shoe heel. It was appropriate for a small tent wedding.
“Audrey,” Ellie began in a whisper, “Did you find my sister?” she asked, hopefully.
Carson had asked Audrey to try and find her, but to not tell her about the wedding until it was too late for her to make a scene. But Audrey, with all her powers couldn’t track down Ellsa- except for her new phone number. Which didn’t do them any good, considering it was always off. It was like she disappeared two months ago. “Sorry, I didn’t.”
Ellie’s heart dropped, “It’s okay. Dale would be glad about that anyway.”
Kris teared up when she saw how dazzling Ellie looked in her wedding gown, “You look so beautiful.”
Ellie moved to the mirror and looked at herself. She looked like a beautiful bride. “Do you think Dale will like it?”
Audrey dabbed her eyes with tissue, “He’ll love it!”
****
Carson sat down close to the altar, all kinds of thoughts running through his mind, quickly driving him crazy. He kept thinking Ellie would change her mind and run away, or Ellsa would crash the wedding or a natural disaster would blow the tent away. But mostly, the one thought that really drove him to the brink of madness was, what the hell he was doing standing there, next to a pastor? He was never a best man and he only went to weddings for the slutty bride’s maids at the reception. But now, he was at his own wedding.
All of a sudden it got hot and his collar felt too tight. He couldn’t breathe! He stood up tugging at his tie. 
“Stop that!” Ann rebuked. But her stern warning only made his anxiety worse.
Dale Senior stood up and walked to him, “breathe,” he whispered, in his ear. “You are marrying the love of your life. You are not in line to get slaughtered.”
Carson chuckled, nervously, “How did you do this pop?”
He chuckled, “I was drunk!”
Hope! “You wouldn’t be carrying a flask by any chance?”
He shook his head, “your mother still hasn’t forgiven me for that. I’m not about to make it worse by getting you drunk!”
 Carson tugged at his collar again, “All of this just feels too.... much, too fast.”
“I’m not the one who told you to have a baby and get engaged, within a year and a half of meeting the girl.”
“But I’ve loved Ellie since the first day I met her, and I’ll love her till the day I die.”
“If you feel so strongly and you are sure about your feelings, what’s the rush to get married? Wait a few more months or a year and have a grander wedding. Your mother would love to plan it for you.”
He snorted, “It’s because of her crazy sister. I can’t risk her separating us. It will be harder for her to drive a wedge between Ellie and me, when we are married.”
Dale Senior gave his son a worried look, “That shouldn’t be a reason to get married. Son, you need to have a good reason to do this. Marriage isn’t a joke.”
Before Carson could answer, the bridal march song started. “Pop, do you mind staying up here with me? Keep me from running?”
“Sure thing. And if you do start running, I’ll trip you and you can fake a concussion before your mother finds out and gives you a real concussion.” He said, with a laugh.
Carson laughed, “Mom doesn’t scare me as much as Ellie does.”
Dale Senior raised his eyebrow, “Really?”
“She threatened to kill me herself if I got shot again, and she meant it.” 
Kris came first. She looked beautiful in her lilac dress that matched the purple and white bouquet. Then Audrey came next carrying Stacey-Ann. She was quiet and still before she saw Carson. But when they got close, she couldn’t stop laughing and jumping around. She reached out for Carson several times, but he kept shaking his head at her. 
“That should be your first reason for marrying Ellie.” Dale Senior whispered.
And then Ellie came in from behind the curtains. She had a beautiful smile on her face, her eyes focused on Carson as she walked towards him, a lovely bouquet of lilies in her hand.
Carson looked at her and he felt like his breath had been taken away. He was relaxed and everything around him became still and very quiet. Nothing existed but the beautiful soul walking towards him. He couldn’t shift his eyes away from her. It was like he was under a spell, and all he could do was fall in love with her even more.
“Hi,” she whispered, once she got to him. “I thought you’d have run away by now.”
“Why in the world would I want to do that? You are never getting rid of me.”
“I know. I’m stuck with you for life.”
Chapter Six
Ellie and Carson spent their honeymoon in their apartment. Stacey-Ann stayed with Audrey and Kris- who had moved into Audrey’s apartment temporarily as Seth re-painted her apartment. They spent a week and a half doing nothing but making love and being in each others arms. If they hadn’t missed their daughter so much, they would have paid Kris to keep her a little longer.
Carson held Stacey-Ann out and watched as she kicked her legs around vigorously. “Is this a sign that she is going to start walking soon?”
“Or you could have fed her too much sugar. Why?” turning away from her painting.
He held Stacey-Ann close. “I don’t think I’m ready for her to start walking just yet.”
She laughed, “Why not?”
“Because soon she’ll be dating and I’ll have to arrest and grill every single one of her dates hours before they ring my door bell. Give them a number of things to ponder on before they think about asking my daughter out on a date again.”
 “She’s growing up hubby, you can’t stop the aging process.”
Carson smiled, “Say that again.”
Ellie stood up and went to him, “Hubby.” She cooed.
He kissed her lightly on her lips, “That sounds so good, it turning me on.”
She kissed him again, “take your daughter to her room so that I can address that, as a wife should.”
He stole a last kiss before he rushed off, “You don’t have to tell me twice.” He placed Stacey-Ann in her crib and turned on the baby monitor, “you will have all my attention right after mommy and I play for a few hours.”
Ellie leaned against the door frame holding Dale’s phone and his packed bag. “Unfortunately, that is going to have to wait because daddy has to go away and catch bad guys.” 
As upbeat as she tried to sound, he could still hear the sadness in her voice. “I’m sorry.”
She smiled, dropping the bag and handing him the phone. “It’s okay, we understand. Just stay safe.” She cuddled against his chest, her heart beating a mile a minute. She always got very scared when he had to take a trip. And by the sound of Audrey’s voice, it was going to be one of those cases that would take weeks to resolve. 
****
Carson drove the car with much aggression. He’d hoped the long drive would calm him down but so far, he was still as livid as he was when he left home. “I hate this!” 
Richard turned to him, “I understand. My wife barely speaks to me anymore.”
“My kids don’t think I love them,” Paloma spoke from the back seat, “Sometimes I just want to quit.”
“And why don’t you?” Audrey asked. “I mean, all three of you have families to think about, why keep doing this job?”
“Because the people we help also have families,” Richard answered.
“Because I feel like I’m making a safer world for Stacey-Ann. It keeps me sane when I’m away from them, knowing there will be one less person to threaten my daughter.”
“Well then, let’s catch this bastard and get you all back to your families,” Audrey announced. After a long pause she spoke again with urgency, “Carson, turn the car around!”
“Why?”
She scrolled through the police alert, “Because he or she just struck again... and very close to home.”
Carson didn’t need more prompting. He swerved, pushing the car harder as he sped back home, the sirens screeching loudly. 
“What the hell?” Gwen exclaimed, as she watched Carson speed past her.
“Well what are you waiting for, follow him!” Doran prompted.
Gwen tried to keep up, but she couldn’t. She wasn’t used to driving that fast and if she tried now, she’d end up roadside carnage. It took her twenty minutes longer than Carson to drive back.
“Did you guys fly here?” Gwen asked, when she stepped into the office, “What was with the driving?”
“Carson had some aggression to get out,” Paloma answered.
“Did it work?” 
“No. He’s still as angry as ever.”
Carson walked to the case board that Audrey had quickly set up, “let’s get started.”
Gwen moved to stand next to him, “What’s the hurry?” 
“The sooner we catch this guy, the sooner the killings end and the sooner I can start to breathe.”
“Ellie?”
He turned to face her, “Yes Ellie, my wife!” He barked harshly.
Gwen stepped back, picking up a case file as she retreated.
“How about I take Carson and Kevin to the new crime scene and you guys can try to piece the other cases together.” Doran offered, sensing Carson’s need to get out. He was like a caged animal ready to explode.
“Okay,” Richard said.
Carson rushed to the elevators and the others had to run to catch up. 
“I knew this family thing would change him,” Gwen grieved. “He doesn’t have a clear head anymore.”
Paloma stared at her feeling irked. “Until you have a family of your own Gwen, you’ll never understand.”
****
Carson, Dale and Kevin walked into the room cautiously. There was blood all over the place. They had seen a lot of gruesome crime scenes, but this took the cake.
“The suspect stabbed him numerous times through the heart, after he or she tortured him continuously, with smaller less fatal cuts all over his body.” Kevin offered, taking more pictures of the bloodied bedroom.
“This looks like a woman’s scorned situation,” Carson taking a closer look at the body.
Doran stepped closer to Carson, “Why do you say that?”
“Look at this. What guy would spend such a long time torturing him? And stabbing him several times through the heart, he broke her heart so she broke his, literary. If it was a man, he would have gone straight to the point and we should see some signs of a struggle.”
“No offense to women, but I don’t think a woman can physically subdue a man to do this,” Kevin added.
Carson smiled, “A woman doesn’t need physical strength to render a man useless. Trust me.”
“It doesn’t look like he was tied up. He would have defended himself the second he saw the blade coming at him.”
“She could have drugged him?” Doran offered.
“It’s possible...” Carson stopped to answer his ringing phone. “Audrey what’s up?”
“We found the link between the victims.”
“What is it?”
Audrey paused, biting her lower lip anxiously. “You are not going to like this Carson.”
Carson froze, feeling the dread stir in the pit of his stomach again, “What is it Audrey?”
“It’s Ellie. They all at one point have dated Ellie.”
***
Ellsa’s phone rang, interrupting her thoughts, “Hello?”
“Hi, this is Emma, George’s sister.” The sad voice came through.
Ellsa rolled her eyes, “Hi and how did you get this number?”
 “Am I interrupting something?” Emma whispered.
“No, what’s up?”
“Kris gave me the number. She said she wasn’t sure you’d answer.”
“So why did you call?” She prompted, impatiently.
“Ah... George is dead. He was murdered.” She cried. 
Ellsa looked at her watch. She couldn’t stay on the call for too long. Faking a sad voice, “I’m sorry to hear that.”
“The funeral is next week. I hope you can make it. It would have been sooner but some Agent Beckett won’t release his body.” She paused and then, “I’m sorry about Taylor, I heard he was Ellie’s boyfriend too. Don’t worry, they’ll catch that monster soon.”
Ellsa was taken aback. Richard was on the case? That’s too close to home.... unless Ellie is a suspect. I mean, they’ve already began to connect the dots... and Ellie was right in the center of it. That would work out just fine for her. She purposefully endeavored to commit the murders the weeks Carson was gone. It was perfect. “I promise to try. Bye Emma.”
Once she got back to Georgetown the next morning, she called Daniel. “Hi, do you know Ellie’s boyfriends are dead? Could that make her a suspect? I’d hate to see her get harassed by the cops.”
“Not really but I’ll find out...” Daniel paused on the phone, “It’s nice of you to look out for your sister. I never thought you cared about anyone else but yourself.”
“Well I’m full of surprises. One day I’ll surprise you too, you can count on it.”
“You’ve already surprised me.” He said, hanging up.
Ellsa sipped at her wine and then placed a red bow on the bottle of Chivas Regal, “Oh Daniel, you aren’t surprised yet.”   
****
Carson ran out of the elevator and into the case room, “Show me!” 
Audrey quickly brought up several images on the screen. “I got these from all their Facebook pages.” She brought the first victim up, “This is George Lucas the first victim,” she paused, scared of the eruption that was bound to follow. “And this is him with Ellie. It looks like a high school picture.”
Carson felt like his heart was in his throat as he stared at his wife with the victim. She was in a cheerleader’s uniform and he was in a football jersey. “That could be Ellsa.” 
Audrey blinking back the tears, “The caption says me and my girl Ellie.”
“Show him the next one,” Gwen demanded.
Audrey gave her a livid glare before she brought up the next image. It was of Ellie kissing the second victim. She was wearing only a college sweat shirt and he was in the matching pants. “His name is Taylor Jones. This one was taken in his college dorm.”
“If you haven’t recognized him yet, he’s the one who won the Eagles the NFL championship.” Gwen spoke, watching Carson for a reaction.
Carson stayed quiet, the emotions on his face speaking volumes.
She brought up a picture of Ellie sitting alone at a restaurant, “And the third one is Elvis Banks.”
Carson felt a little hope fill his chest, “That doesn’t prove anything! She’s alone in that picture.”
“That’s because Elvis Banks edited the picture. I ran a search on the internet and I found the full picture at a dating site.” Audrey’s finger lingered over the button. She felt like with each picture she brought up, she was destroying her best friends’ lives.
“Audrey,” Gwen prompted.
Audrey bit down on her tongue and pressed the button. A full picture of Ellie sitting across another man popped up, “That is Ellie and...”
“The fourth victim,” Carson whispered in anguish. He sat down, his legs to weak to hold him up anymore.
Richard placed a comforting hand on his shoulder, “Those pictures could mean anything.”
“Like he married a sociopathic killer?” Gwen blurted out.
Carson shot out of his chair, ready to attack her, but Audrey beat him to it.
“Do you even know why you are alone? Because you are a bitch with no heart!” Audrey barked at her. “Everyone else is quiet, but no, you have to find a way to rub it in! For all we know you could have done this out of revenge!”
Gwen’s clenched her jaw as she tried to stay calm. “What reason would I have to do this?”
“You are jealous Carson left you for Ellie.”
“Audrey that is enough!” Richard ordered, “Like I said, those pictures could mean anything.”
Doran stepped in between Gwen and Audrey, “Ellie might be the focus of this investigation but it doesn’t mean she’s a suspect. When would she have found the time to do all of this?”
Gwen’s lips spread in a sadistic smile, “All these murders were committed, when we were out of town on a case.”
“She went out on a killing spree with our daughter?” Carson’s anger mounting past boiling point.
Audrey held onto Carson’s arm. “Well then Kris and I should be suspects too. When you guys left on the long trips, Kris and I moved into Carson’s apartment. After the last time he got shot, she couldn’t stay home alone worrying if he was okay.”
“So you showed her how we operate?” Gwen accused.
“Shut up already Gwen. You are just coming off bitter.” Kevin put in, “Like a woman scorned?”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Richard asked.
Doran turned to look at her. Carson knew it was wrong for him to suspect a woman who’d had his back for years, but considering how hard she wanted to implicate his wife, he was very ready to push her off a cliff!
 “We took a look at the fourth crime scene and the body. There is no way a man could have done that to him with such passion. The only other explanation is a woman. A woman who can put a man down very easily, like you Gwen.”
She scoffed, “So I’m the killer now?”
Richard banged on the table with the files pulling everyone’s attention. “That is enough! We need to put our emotions aside and figure this case out. If the main focus is Ellie, for all we know the suspect could be building up to harming her next. She could be a woman scorned or a stalker. Either way we need to find this person as soon as possible.”
“Should we bring Ellie in for questioning?” 
“Why?” Ellie’s voice sailed into the room. 
“What’s going on Dale?” Kris asked, stepping forward, from behind Ellie.
 Stacey-Ann squealed waving her hand at Carson.
Carson went to them taking Stacey-Ann, “What are you guys doing here?”
Kris held up four cards. “I just got funeral invitations. And since Ellie’s mail still comes to my apartment, two of these are hers, to the same funerals.”
“Hi,” Kevin said, as he took the cards from Kris. He opened them, “They are invitations to George Lucas’s and Taylor Jones’s funerals.”
“When we called to give our condolences, Taylor’s sister said Senior Agent Richard Beckett was the agent in-charge. She said you guys came back, because there had been another murder. I offered to get them some information since my husband was working the case. Now it’s your turn to explain.”
Carson swallowed hard and stared at her blankly, “Explain what?”
“Why Gwen wants to bring me in for questioning?”
Carson gave Stacey-Ann to Kris. “I have something to show you.”
 Ellie took a step back, “If it’s bloody body parts, no thank you.”
“She should be questioned in the interrogation room like a real suspect,” Gwen blurted out, with a smile.
“What?” Kris exclaimed. She put Stacey-Ann in her stroller and moved to stand next to Audrey. “What the hell is going on here?”
“Ellie Jabari Carson is a murder suspect.” Gwen spoke out again.
Ellie fisted her hand with Dale’s shirt, “Dale, is this a joke?”
“There are four dead people, all who’ve dated you. Do you find anything funny about that?” 
Kris went right into Gwen’s face, “You red headed witch! I knew you were trouble the second I saw you!”
Ellie moved to the two women, “You might have trouble keeping track of the guys you date and sleep around with, but I don’t. I’ve dated three guys in my life. Two of them are dead and the last one I married. You might still hold a grudge over it, but I don’t care. I’m not in the business of pleasing people I don’t like.”
“That’s great because I don’t like you either!”
“We should just kick her ass!” Kris announced.
Gwen took a step forward, closing the gap between them. “I’ll take you both down in a minute!” 
“You wanna bet?”
Carson grabbed Ellie and Richard grabbed Kris. “All of you calm down!” Richard ordered. “Carson, take them to the conference room and question them.”
Carson grabbed Kris’s arm and dragged them both away, “Audrey, bring the baby and come with the files please!”
Once Audrey was in the room he locked the door. “The two of you don’t want to pick a fight with Gwen.”
Kris paced the room, “We could take her. Tear that red mane off her rat sized head!”
“What the hell is going on Dale?” Ellie demanded.
Carson laid out the pictures of the victims. “You said you know George and Taylor?”
“I dated George in high school and Taylor in college. I don’t know who the other two are.”
Carson held her and kissed her lightly on her lips. “Calm down and breathe, I need you to have a clear head if we are to figure out what is going on.”
She took a deep breath and nodded, “Ellsa could have dated the other two.”
Audrey held up a picture, “So this isn’t you, speed dating?”
Ellie looked at the picture and then she groaned burying her face in Carson’s chest. He held on to her tighter, wishing there was a way he could make all of this disappear for her. Maybe being with him was a bad idea. She used to have a peaceful life before he met her.
Kris grabbed the photo from Audrey, “I knew this speed dating thing was a bad idea! I told you not to go to this thing, Ellie!”
She pulled away and yelled at Kris, “If you had followed that with ‘you might be implicated in a serial murder’, maybe I would have listened to you!”  
“Going out with Ellsa is always a bad idea,” she paused, her eyes popping in realization, “Ellsa! She’s the one capable of this!”
“You are reaching Kris.” Carson said.
“All her ideas aren’t bad. She was behind my meeting Dale,” Ellie defended.
Audrey arched her eyebrow at Carson, “When did you hook up with Ellsa?”
Ellie chuckled uneasily, “Hook up? Really not the words to use considering the last time we saw her.”
Carson shook his head, “I didn’t. She gave Ellie my name, but I’ve never met her before.”
Audrey’s mind was running a mile a minute. She’s been in this line of work too long to dismiss anything to coincidence. “Do you think...?”
Ellie spoke cutting her off. “Ellsa couldn’t be capable of doing this. For all we know we are both been targeted. We both spent five minutes with both these guys.”
Carson was beginning to feel a little hopeful, but he knew it wouldn’t get any better for Ellie. Accusing Ellsa is as good as accusing her. “What about Taylor and George? Did Ellsa date them too?”
“No.” 
“Yes,” Kris corrected. “In high school, Mr. and Mrs. Jabari didn’t want them to go on dates alone so we’d always go on group dates. And whether Ellie wanted to or not, she had to go because Ellsa was going.”
“Yeah, to date Ben.”
“She dated Ben to make George jealous. What she didn’t count on, was you and George falling for each other.”
Ellie dropped in the chair, her face in her hands. “Why didn’t you tell me this?”
“You would have broken up with him so that Ellsa could have him. I was being selfish on your behalf.”
She raised her head, exposing her wet eyes, “And Taylor?”
“He was the quarterback of the college team and she was the head cheerleader. You were the girl in overalls always covered in paint, what do you think?”
Carson pulled up a chair and sat next to her. He took her hands and held them in his. “Ellie, this doesn’t mean Ellsa is the killer. All we know right now is that these murders all surround you.” 
“The red headed bitch could be the killer. She’s got the means and the motive!”
Carson glanced at her, “Kris, Gwen couldn’t have done this.”
“Why because she’s a cop?” Ellie stood up, pushed the stroller out, “I’m going home.”
Kris stood up and went after her, “I’ll look after her Dale.”
When the door closed, Carson banged his fist on the table and cursed, “Damn it!”
“What’s with the cop thing?”
“Her parents were killed by a cop and the department covered it up. That’s why she left me.”
“Carson, I’m so sorry.”
“Yeah,” he said, opening the door, “Lets find this guy before I lose my wife again.”
Carson walked into the room to find Kris in a screaming match with Gwen. He pulled her back and away from Gwen. “Hey, I thought you guys left?”
“She came back with me, as backup.”
Carson looked at her. For a second he thought it was Ellie until he looked her over and she spoke again.
“I leave you two to live your life in peace and six months later, this bitch wants to put her behind bars for being a murderer.”
“Hello Ellsa. Long time no see.”
She pulled her lips in a sarcastic smile, “I’d say I missed you, but I’d be lying.”
Kris pulled Carson’s hand roughly off her. “Did you know they issued a warrant for her arrest? Two minutes out the door and some cop comes looking for her.”
“What?” Carson roared. “Why the hell would you do that Richard?”
“We found her blood in the last crime scene.”
“How is that possible, her DNA isn’t even in the data base?”
“It is, but the charges were dropped. We were hoping Audrey could find that out.”
“So you can cover up for your friend and pin it on Ellie?” Kris accused.
Carson watched Audrey’s fingers run wildly over her keyboards all the while wishing the charges weren’t associated with someone getting hurt. “What are you doing here Ellsa?”
“Just call me the buffer. She might have her judgment clouded because she thinks you are all friends, but I don’t. My sister isn’t going to be a scapegoat.”
“Where is she?” 
“She’s waiting for someone outside.”
“I’ll go get her.”
“No need,” Daniel announced, walking into the room with his arm around Ellie as she carried Stacey-Ann. He was dressed in a dark suit and was carrying an expensive leather briefcase. “My client is here on her own volition.”
Carson stepped closer, “Client? Ellie what’s going on?”
Daniel moved to block his way, a cynical smile on his face, “You can’t speak directly to my client.”
“Get out of my way before I move you!” 
Ellie stepped into view from behind Daniel, “This is getting ridiculously out of control.”
Ellsa hushed her, “Ellie let Daniel do his job.”
“So does this mean I get to interrogate her?” Gwen asked, sarcastically.
“No. I’ll do it.” Richard spoke, giving Ellie a calm smile.
Daniel took Stacey-Ann from Ellie. “Actually none of you will. Right honey?” she giggled and clapped her hands. “Say no honey.” He tickled her, making her squeal and giggle louder.
“It’s like an angel singing,” he said, tossing her up and making her giggle even more.
“Her blood was found at the crime scene, we have to interrogate her.” Richard pushed.
“What?” Ellie exclaimed. She rushed to Carson and all he could do was hold her.
Daniel put a hand on her shoulder. “I know. And you still can’t question her.” 
“Why not?”
He pulled a paper out of Stacey-Ann’s grasp. She had pulled it out of his inner jacket pocket. “This is a court order that mandates you to discharge Gwen Johansen from the case.”
Richard took the letter from him, “Why?”
“She’s biased and hates Ellie. My client married her ex-lover. I wouldn’t put it past her to manipulate the evidence against her.”
“That’s a lie.”
“The judge doesn’t seem to think so, the evidence was too compelling.” Daniel rubbed in. “Sex tapes are entertaining, pictures on the other hand are just dull.”
Ellie went rigid, disgusted by the revelation, and in reaction Carson held her tighter. This wasn’t what she envisioned her married life to be. She knew Dale was a man of the world, but she didn’t need evidence to remind her.
Richard’s demeanor completely changed. He wasn’t calm anymore, he was pissed off. He glared at Gwen and Carson before he turned back to Daniel. “How did you get the court order so fast and how did you find out about the evidence and the warrant? That information was only disclosed half an hour ago.”
“I have friends in advantageous places Agent Beckett, you should get yourself some.”
Richard gave him a tight harsh smile and then he turned to Ellie. “Answer just this one question, what were you arrested for?”
“Don’t answer that!” Daniel demanded.
“It’s okay Daniel. It was a bad prank. Some student hid for a week and we got accused of bleeding him dry and using his blood for a fashion show. Taylor...” she stopped, a pained look taking over her face. “He’s the one who found him and brought him to the cops.”
“And how do you explain your blood at the crime scene?”
“Agent Beckett!”
Ellie’s face creased in despair. “I don’t know! I don’t have any cuts. I’m not bleeding from anywhere!” Then her face went blank as she stood there frozen in realization.
“What is it Ellie?” Richard prodded, when he saw her blank stare.
“Hmm,” she said, as she blinked back to reality, “I’m a little taken aback by everything.” 
Richard gave her a tight smile, “Thank you. You can go now.”
Ellie turned to look up at Carson, tears in her eyes, “Dale...”
He kissed her forehead then kissed her lips. He deepened it when her hold on him grew desperately tighter. Reluctantly he broke the kiss, “Don’t worry, everything is going to be alright.”
She nodded, giving him a final kiss.  
“Why am I being punished for Carson’s wife being a serial killer? For all we know her sister could have helped.” Gwen prodded.
Ellsa took several steps to her, “Helped with what?”
Gwen’s lips rose in a smile, “Kill the boyfriends you’ve shared. It was only a matter of time before you killed Carson. For all we know the plans are set, but catching you two ruined them.” Her smile widened when she saw how irate the twins had gotten. “Or are they postponed? Ellsa still hasn’t had her share of him, since Carson hates her too much to screw her.”
Ellsa took a step towards her, “Shut up!” 
Gwen laughed, “Knowing Carson, he’s probably screwed both of you. Ellie must be the better twin in bed, they all seem to want her more! You could always ask for another opinion, I’m sure Daniel would love to have a go.”  
Ellsa’s hand flew up, back handing Gwen across the face. When Gwen recovered and tried to punch Ellsa, Ellie pulled her back and caught Gwen’s fist, sending her down on the floor with a hard right across the jaw.
“Finally!” Kris cheered, jumping up.
Carson pulled them both back, placing Ellie squarely behind him. After a few seconds on the floor, Gwen jumped up, her eyes blazing for blood.
With a loud hoot, Kris said, “There, now your lips match your hair!”
Ellsa gave a wicked laugh as she walked away, “Our dad wanted a son and Ellie was it. I’ll wait for you downstairs.”
After a few failed attempts to get past Carson to Ellie she marched over to Richard, “I want to press charges!”  
Ellie went to move forward, but Daniel held her back, “Speak to my lawyer!” 
“Will both of you just calm down!” Richard yelled.
“Yeah Sting Ray, Stacey-Ann can’t see her mom go all gangster.” Daniel joked. He knew Ellie would jump to Ellsa’s defense. It was routine, Ellsa would start the fights and Ellie would have to finish. But the red head deserved it.
Ellie moved to Carson’s side and tugged at his arm so that he could bend a few inches for her to reach his ear, “I need to talk to you. I’ll wait for you at home.” She whispered.
He nodded and gave her a kiss, his eyes on Gwen the entire time, just waiting for her to make a move against Ellie.
She took Stacey-Ann from Daniel and left, Kris in tow.
“Agents, we’ll be in touch.” Daniel announced, but before he could go far Carson stopped him.
“Daniel, did you by any chance, before I came into the picture, happen to date my wife?” He stressed on wife.
“We went on one date? Why?”
“Be careful. The last two guys spent five minutes with her and they are dead. Whoever is killing them, is taking out everyone she dated.”
Daniel’s face creased for a moment and then he nodded. “I’ll put you on speed dial just in case. By the way, Ellsa has someone watching Ellie just in case too.” With that he bowed out leaving the team alone to deal with the complicated case.
Gwen grabbed the mandate from Richard, “This can’t be possible. They can’t force me out of the case.”
“They can’t, but I can. You are sitting this out due to your personal relationship. You too Carson.”
 Carson cursed under his breath, “Can I at least watch from the sidelines?”
“Sure.”
Daniel came back, his face flushed with anger. Kris was behind him, gasping for breath. “We have a problem,” he announced.
“What’s wrong? Is something wrong with Ellie?” Carson asked, completely worried.
“Ellsa took her and the baby. She said she doesn’t trust you to protect the last of her family,” Kris gasped out.
Carson lunged at Daniel and grabbed his collar, “You let her!”
Daniel pushed him back, “We had no idea what she was planning. Ellie and Stacey-Ann went with her in her car. And then she texted Kris telling her they are leaving town.”
“She’ll be fine Dale. They left with her bodyguard. She’ll bring them back when all of this is sorted out.”
“Kris, why did you let her go? Do you have any idea how this looks?”
“Like a family that isn’t willing to be the victims of a badge and a gun again. Just solve the case.” Kris grabbed Daniel’s arm and dragged him out.
“What is she talking about?” Doran asked.
Carson just punched the board and stomped to his office.
Audrey went after him, “I’ll fill you guys in later.”
Chapter Seven
Audrey turned on the light to Carson’s office. Since Ellie and their daughter had left with Ellsa, they hadn’t heard from them. The only person they had seen was Ellsa and she apparently had no idea where they were. She too was the one who reported them missing, which everyone thought was incredulous. As far as they knew, she was playing with them, but her tears and panic were very convincing.
They convinced Carson that something bad had happened to his family, but they didn’t take his suspicion away from her. She was up to something, he just knew it.
 Ellsa said she took a cab and gave Ellie the car. When Carson asked about the text, she admitted to it, but Ellie never got to the agreed meeting point. The last time she saw Ellie was at the entrance of the building before they both left, separately. No one could dispute it because the building’s surveillance backed her story. Kris was too busy yelling on her phone to notice them both leave.
Carson spent months wondering if the killer took his family or if Ellsa had lied to him. But Ellie wouldn’t voluntarily disappear and leave him behind. She loved him and they were a family. She would find a way to let him know where they were and if they were okay. She did trust him? But was she able to do so?
Ellsa was always around Carson with the excuse of helping him find Ellie. To make things worse, the murderer hadn’t moved on to victim number five. Richard and Doran didn’t think it was a coincidence that Ellie and the killer had disappeared at the same time. They were more convinced each passing day that Ellie was the suspect and her plans were disrupted when they called her out. They too didn’t believe Ellsa. Gwen’s fuss was becoming more believable.
Carson was however determined to prove them wrong. They moved on to other cases, but he stuck with it for three months, alienating everyone on his team except Audrey.
She placed a hand on his back and stirred him awake, “Carson, someone is here to see you.”
“Ellie?” 
Her heart dropped. “No, Ellsa.”
Ellsa stepped around Audrey to stand next to Carson, “Hi. I came to see how you are doing?”
Carson lifted his head for a moment to glare at her then put it back down, “What do you want?”
She put her hands on his back and began to lustfully explore his back muscles. “I told you Ellie didn’t love you as much as I do. Maybe Gwen was right. Maybe she was the...”
Carson shot off his chair pushing her off him. “My wife is not a murderer and if you hadn’t taken her away from me I could have already proven that!”
Ellsa took a safe step away. “This was the last place I saw her! It’s not my fault she decided to run away.”
Carson stalked to her, murder in his eyes, “get out of my office Ellsa!”
“But Dale...”
“Get out!” He bellowed drawing the attention of everyone outside his office.
Ellsa’s attitude quickly changed from day to night. “You know what? I’m glad Ellie is dead and never coming back!”
“She loved me, and she will come back to me!”
Ellsa laughed, “Loved? You’ve finally accepted that she’s dead. She’s dead and yet you are the one who’s rotting. Call me when you decide to visit the land of the living again,” she announced, as she left.
Carson sunk back in his seat, plopping his head on the table.
Audrey pulled him up and placed a plate of pizza in front of him. “I was beginning to think you were falling for her lies.”
Carson pushed the plate away, “I was hoping she’d slip and say something. Like where they were, not that she’s dead.”
“You too think she did something to them, don’t you?”
Carson nodded and for the first time he broke down crying, his pain stricken heart too fragile to stay strong any longer. “What if they are really dead Audrey? Ellsa was the one who was with them last, what if she killed them?”
Audrey hugged his head to her chest, “Don’t say that!”
“You haven’t found her and she hasn’t called Kris in three months. She used to call her twice a day. I have the large phone bills to prove it!”
“What’s wrong? Why is he crying?” Kris stuttered. She ran the few feet to his desk. “Tell me what’s wrong? Is it Ellie and the baby?”
“We don’t know. We haven’t heard anything yet,” Audrey answered. Kris too had become a wreck. She called her every hour asking for news of Ellie. They both resembled junkies going cold turkey.
Kris dropped in the chair, despair and sorrow taking its place back on her face. “It’s been too long. Maybe she is dead.”
“Please don’t say that!” Audrey begged.
“What other explanation is there?”
“Why don’t you two go home? I’m sure Seth is waiting for you Kris.”
Kris smiled weakly. “Seth is probably updating Ellie’s twitter and Facebook accounts. We’ve got a number of false leads but, he’s still hopeful.”
“And you aren’t?”
Kris stood up, “I’m tired. Call me when you have news.” She staggered out, her head hanging low.
“Carson, why don’t you go home?”
“To the memories of my wife and daughter? I don’t think so. Audrey, thank you for taking care of me, but I’d like to be alone.”
Audrey nodded. “If you need anything, just call.” She walked out, closing the door and leaving Carson alone with his tormenting memories.
He curled up on the couch hugging Ellie’s and Stacey-Ann’s picture against his chest. He’d tried everything he could to find them and now a sickening feeling was settling over him.
Acceptance.
****
“Carson where are you!” Richard’s voice filled his ear. Carson ignored him. He wasn’t going to wait for the suspect to kill her. If they all waited outside, waiting for him to pick up the phone and negotiate, they’d have two dead victims- the killer and the innocent girl.
The killer would most definitely be his victim.
“Carson!” Richard yelled again.
“Don’t worry boss, I’ve got his back.” Gwen’s voice filled his ear and then she appeared next to him. “Just like old times Carson.”
Stepping into the room, “Let’s just get this done.”  The suspect pulled the girl up and held a large sharp blade against her quivering neck. “Put the knife down Troy!” 
“Come any closer and I’ll slit her throat open!” He yelled back, with a sadistic laugh.
“Calm down Troy, we can figure a way out of this.” Gwen yelled back.
“Keep talking, I’ll find a shot,” Carson whispered.
Gwen cursed under her breath. There was no way he could shot Troy without hurting the girl. But before she could say another word a loud bang rang in the empty warehouse. Gwen watched the two fall on the ground, a sharp scream escaping the girl’s lips.
Gwen rushed to them and pulled the girl away. She checked her for a bullet hole when she saw a large patch of blood on her back. She let out a sigh of relief when she found none and then turned to the suspect. She watched his body jerk around, blood leaking out of the two holes in his neck as his empty eyes stared up. 
Richard entered the room, “What the hell?”
Carson holstered his gun and walked out, “I had to take the shot.”
 Kevin watched him leave wondering where the man he knew had disappeared to. “Do you think he’ll ever be himself again? It’s been a month since he accepted that they were dead.”
“He didn’t accept it, he just gave up trying to find them.” Paloma answered. She’d watched him spiral down and it broke her heart. “Living in that kind of pain for months, it has gotten to the point that he is just shutting down.”
“Do you think they are dead?”
“Maybe, but for his sake I hope not.”
“Whether they are or not, he believes they are. And his way of grieving is killing every suspect we corner.” Doran made a passing comment as he walked to Richard and the cold body. “What are you going to do about Carson?” 
Richard huffed, brushing his hand over his face. “I don’t know. I understand he’s grieving, but this is the eighth suspect he’s shot dead. What bugs me isn’t that he’s killing them, it’s that he doesn’t wait a beat.”
“Troy would have slashed her throat.”
“And maybe he would have surrendered. We’ll never know.”
****
Carson sat at his desk cleaning his gun, waiting for another reprimand from Richard. He had completely isolated himself from his team. The only time he came in contact with them was when they were working. He blamed them for Ellie not trusting him and for not doing their job. Who’d blame Ellie for taking off? Gwen was gunning to put her behind bars! It was that spiteful little bitch’s fault he had no idea if his family was alive or not!
Carson looked at his ring finger. He’d found it impossible to take it off. A part of him had accepted he’d never see his girls again but a part of him was still holding on- the part that wouldn’t allow him to take his ring off. 
He twisted it around his finger, diving into the memories of his wedding day. He couldn’t believe he’d contemplated running away. Now it just felt like five minutes he’d wasted. Five minutes he could have spent with Ellie and Stacey-Ann. He’d do anything for five more minutes with his girls. His face creased as he came so close to breaking down again, but the rap on the door made him gather himself back.
 He picked up his gun and went back to cleaning it, “Make it fast Richard, I’d like to go home.”
“You mean hotel. You haven’t been to your apartment for months.” Gwen chirped, dropping in the chair across his desk, a large smile on her face. “That was a crazy shot you took today. I thought the roof top one was sick, but with this guy you had two inches of exposed neck to work with,” she whistled. “If you were half an inch to the right, the victim would be dead and you’d be in lock up right now. Risky, but super awesome! You’ve got to teach me that sometime.”
Carson stared drily at her. How he wished she’d just disappear. He turned his attention back to his gun. “What do you want?”
“We figured you’d want to go out.”
“Why?”
“Celebrate your little girl’s birthday. She would have been one tomorrow, right?”
Carson stopped. His grip tightening around the gun as his rage mounted. She didn’t know how lucky she was it wasn’t loaded. He bit down on his tongue as he tried to simmer down his anger.
Gwen climbed on top of his desk and gently ran her fingers from his ear to his rough chin in a gentle caress. She lowered her voice and tuned it to a seductive tone, “If you want, we could go to your hotel and I could give you a condolence gift or a birthday gift. Whatever you like, however you like it.”
He grabbed her hand and crushed it in his grip, “Get out!” 
Stunned, she pulled her hand out of his painful grip, “Hey! I was just saying...”
“Get out!” He bellowed. He shot off his chair, his hands held in a tight painful fists. Gwen jumped off the desk ready to defend herself. “I will not let anyone, especially you mock my loss. Out, now!”
Just then Audrey rushed into the office, gasping for breath and with tears in her eyes. “Carson, she’s here!”
“Who?”
“Kris just came with her!” She laughed, tears trickling out of her eyes.
“Who is Audrey?”
“Ellie. She’s alive and she’s...”
She didn’t get a chance to finish. Carson ran out of his office and kept running until he got to where there was a small gathering. “Where is she?” 
“Where else but by the elevators?” Doran answered, with a relieved laugh.
Carson rushed passed them and then came to an abrupt stop a few feet away from the trio. Paloma was standing in front of her, blocking his view. But he could see Kris. She was crying, nodding her head at him and smiling.
Carson felt like his heart had stopped when Paloma moved, exposing the sight he’d craved and mourned for months. He bent over, his hands on his knees. He couldn’t breathe. It was too unreal for him to believe.
“Dale...”
Her sweet quiet voice rang in his ears. He put his hand on his chest over his racing heart and stepped a few feet back, tears freely spilling out of his eyes.
Ellie moved towards him, “Dale I’m so sorry, I didn’t know.” She went to put her hand on him but he retreated. He turned around, giving her his back.
“Dale...” 
“This isn’t possible,” he gasped. “I must be dreaming. You can’t be alive.”
Ellie hugged him from behind, placing her hands on his chest. “I swear I’m real.”
Carson shivered when she touched him. It was like someone had placed a smoldering hot iron against his skin. Hesitantly, he rested his hand on hers. He felt her ring rub against his and his heart stopped again.
“Dale, please look at me.” 
He turned around slowly, each second praying that he wasn’t dreaming. Ellie took his hands and placed his open palms on her wet face. “See I told you I was real.”
“How do I know you aren’t Ellsa pretending to be Ellie?”
She smiled kissing his inner wrist, “I think you would know if I was a usurper. Especially since I have your middle name, the one you hate so much, tattooed on my waist with musical notes around it.” She laughed, “I’ve never been an ink person, but like they say, you are doomed to pick up your spouse’s bad habits.”
Carson laughed and hugged her tight against him as he cried, chanting her name. He cradled a hand full of her curly hair and held it to his nose. He breathed in the coconut scent that used to drive him crazy. But right now, the annoying scent served as a confirmation that he had his wife back. 
Ellie hugged him back, glad she was back in his arms. “Kris told me what was going on. I can’t believe she didn’t tell you.” 
“Who?”
“Ellsa. We spoke every week. To think I trusted her.”
“What?” The entire time she was pretending to comfort him, with one phone call she could have ended his suffering.
“She said it wasn’t safe to call, that your team was conspiring to use me as a pawn to protect Gwen. She said the two of you found evidence that she was trying to set me up.”
“What?” Gwen hollered.
“Don’t worry, I already told her the truth.” Paloma offered quickly.
Ellie looked at Gwen. “I’m sorry I didn’t know. All this time I stayed away, she made me believe it was for my own good,” she turned back to Carson, “I’m sorry I didn’t know.”
“That Ellsa!” Carson hissed, between clenched teeth. “Where is Stacey-Ann?”
“Downstairs with Seth. We were a little apprehensive about bringing her up, just in case Ellsa was right.” Kris answered, “But she has another surprise for you. Show him the surprise!” She chimed excitedly.
Ellie shyly looked away. She wasn’t nervous about coming home, but after having the wool pulled away from her eyes, she’d become extremely nervous. She took another deep breath.
Carson put a finger under her chin and lifted her head up, “Tell me, what’s wrong?”
“There is nothing wrong! Tell him!” Kris spat out, impatiently.
“I ah... I...,” the words were stuck in the knots in her stomach and then she felt it.
“Wow,” Carson flinched, “You stomach just kicked me!”
“I’m going to be a godmother! Finally!” Kris announced.
Ellie shook her head, “Yes, that’s the big news. Kris is finally going to be a godmother.”
“Aah!” Audrey screamed, jumping up and down. Kris joined her, dancing around in circles.
“You are pregnant?” Carson whispered.
She nodded. When he just stood there looking at her, saying and doing nothing, she punched him in the stomach. “You can’t do that to me twice Dale Carson!”
“This isn’t like last time. You didn’t just arrive from New York, you came back from the dead, pregnant! I need a few minutes to process!”
“You have five seconds. I need to know what you are thinking.”
The dress had hidden it well. He placed his hand on her belly. It was like gripping a basketball! “How far along are you?”
“Twenty six weeks.”
“Wait, you were pregnant when you left?”
She nodded, “That’s what I wanted to talk to you about.” She held down the loose dress to expose the big bump. “When Richard asked me about my blood at the crime scene, that’s when I got suspicious.”
“Did Ellsa know?” 
She nodded. “I told her when we were in the lobby downstairs.”
Kris stopped her dancing, “That’s why she dragged you away. That little bitch!” 
“That’s why she made them disappear,” Richard spoke out of her ear shot. 
“Do you think she’s the killer?” Doran asked.
“It would explain why it stopped all of a sudden.” 
“And she did try to play on Carson’s grief to her advantage.” Kevin added.
“And someone called me a heartless bitch,” Gwen spoke, walking away, “I’ll get the uniforms on her.”
Ellie spoke up impatiently, “I’m still waiting for an answer Dale. Are you okay with a second baby?”
He smiled, shrinking a few inches to reach her lips, “The more the merrier.” He kissed her, his lips taking advantage, after missing hers for such a long time.
She giggled, “This is the last one. One of each, remember?”
Paloma tapped her on the shoulder. “Sorry to interrupt but, did you just say you are having a boy?”
“Yes. Dale Carson the third!” 
Paloma gave her a kind smile, “Congratulations. One more question, did you tell your sister this?”
“Yeah. The moment I got into town, I called and told her.”
“That you are having a boy?”
“Yeah.”
“Oh no,” Kevin whispered, from behind the couple. The rest of the team marched back to the elevators.
“Who drove you here Ellie?” Richard asked. The urgency in his voice made her uneasy.
“Ellsa’s bodyguard. Why? What’s wrong?”
“And where is he now?” He asked, rigorously pressing the down button on the elevator.
“Downstairs with Seth and Stacey-Ann.” when Carson dislodged himself from her and ran for the stairway, she got even more uneasy. “Will someone tell me what’s going on “Paloma and Doran stay here with Ellie. The rest get downstairs, as fast as possible!” Richard jumped into the elevator the second the doors open, Kevin rushing in after him. Gwen took off after Carson.
Carson ran eight flights down. He pulled his safety gun from his ankle and rushed into the lobby. Seth was on the floor bleeding from his shoulder. And lying next to him was Stacey-Ann’s diaper bag.
Carson grabbed the security guard, “Where is the little girl he was holding?”
“Her mother took her.”
He shifted his hold to his neck, “And you let her!”
“She said she’d been kidnapped and the guy she was with said he was the father! What else was I supposed to do?” That answer earned him a hard clout. 
“You do know this is a federal building!”
 Carson had just found out his daughter was still alive, and now the stupid security guard had handed her to the woman who stole her in the first place!
Kevin and Richard wrestled Carson off the security guard.
Gwen ran back into the building. “I’m sorry Carson, they are gone.”
“No, no, no, no!” He yelled, tossing the decor around until there was nothing left to toss. He sank to the ground his head in his hands. “What am I going to tell Ellie?”
“Tell me what?” 
His eyes rose to look at her.
“Seth!” Kris screamed, as she ran to him. The paramedics were rolling him out of the building on a gunny. “What happened?” She cried, getting on board the ambulance.
Carson got off his feet and moved to Ellie, tears in his eyes.
Sensing what he was going to say, Ellie moved away from him, shaking her head.
“I’m sorry.” He whispered.
“No.”
“Ellie...”
“No.”
The moment he held her, a pained scream left her lips. And after a few minutes of crying, she passed out in his arms.
Chapter Eight
“Stacey-Ann.” Ellie stirred awake, her daughter’s name on her lips. 
“Ellie?” Carson had helplessly watched her wake up like this for two weeks. 
It was killing him faster, than not knowing where his daughter was. He was a father and a husband. His main duty in life was to his family, to protect and keep them safe, but he felt like a spectator. He was a bloody FBI agent for crying out loud! How was it possible he could help others, but when it came to his family he failed time and time again? What good was he if he couldn’t even keep his family safe? And now, they were cursed to spend every waking hour in the bureau and passing the night on the couch in his office, waiting for a lead to his daughter.
Ellie opened her eyes and stared at him, “Where is she?”
“Ellsa still has her.”
Ellie cringed away from him, fresh tears spilling out of her swollen eyes. “How could she do this to me, how could she?” 
Carson lifted her up and laid under her, before he held her against his chest, hugging her tight. “She’s evil and she wants to hurt us.”
“But why?”
“She hates us. She hates that we love each other and that we are happy.”
She pushed herself up to look at him. “I understand that, but she couldn’t be the one who kidnapped Stacey-Ann. She doesn’t like children.”
Carson put his hand on her cheek. He loved her naivety and how hard she tried to see the good in everyone. “Who else could it be?”
Ellie’s face creased as she cried, “I should have just let her walk. The moment she stood up, I knew I had to come home. I didn’t want you to miss it. And now she might never...”
Carson placed a finger over her lips. Shaking his head, “Don’t say that. She’ll be fine.”
“She had her first birthday all alone and scared, without us to protect her, or tell her how much we love her! I want my daughter back Dale!”
Carson bit down on his emotions. This was his fault, he was supposed to protect her and now she’s in the hands of a crazy woman. He placed his hand over his unborn son, “Please calm down, for the baby’s sake.”
Audrey pushed open his office door. “It wasn’t Ellsa who took Stacey-Ann.” She held up two pictures for Ellie, “Do you recognize them?” 
“He’s the bodyguard, but I don’t know who that woman is. Is she the one who took my baby?”
Audrey nodded. “They were lucky our cameras were down, it gave them a head start. We got these from the surveillance videos across the street, the paper work finally came through. And another thing, Ellsa is here screaming the house down.”
Ellie nodded, pushing herself off Dale, “I knew she couldn’t hurt me like this. I’ll go talk to her.”
“Just because she’s not the one in the picture, doesn’t mean she wasn’t behind it,” Carson warned. Ellie looked at him for a moment before she left. A part of her was sure Ellsa didn’t do it. But a part of her wasn’t, Dale was making some sense.
When she got to the case room, Ellsa was cuffed on the chair yelling her lungs out. She stopped when she saw Ellie, “What the hell is going on here?”
“Did you take my daughter?” 
“No and you should have told me this days ago! But I know who did, my bodyguard and his stupid girlfriend!” She pulled at the cuffs, “Someone, get these things off me now!”
“Why? They match your outfit,” Gwen jeered.
Carson sat on the desk next to her. “How do we know you aren’t involved in the kidnapping?”
“One, she is my niece and the only kid I like. And I’ll probably like the next one, but there is no guarantee. And two, why would I want to extort myself?”
“What?”
“Half an hour ago they called, asking for two million dollars, of which I don’t have!”
Ellie moved closer to her, “What do you mean they want money?”
“The bodyguard must have seen the cabin and thought we were rich. If he only knew it was borrowed.”
Ellie swayed on her feet. She felt like she was going to collapse again. Things just seemed to be getting worse by the hour.
Carson jumped forward and held on to her. She looked so pale and fragile it made him frantic and scared, “I should take you to the hospital.”
She rubbed her fingers over her eyes to clear the dark spots, “No, I’m fine. What are we going to do?”
Ellsa tugged at the cuffs again, “That’s what I came here to ask, when the red head pounced on me.”
“I’m going to go off topic for a minute,” Richard began, “Ellsa, why did you make the rest of us think Ellie and Stacey-Ann were dead.”
She smiled, looking at Carson, “I saw an opportunity and I took it.”
“So you punished me for rejecting you by keeping my family hidden!” 
She shrugged her shoulder. “That, and the fact that I don’t trust any of you. Case and point, it has been two weeks and you still haven’t found my niece.” 
Richard nodded, “Understandable. So did that cop really try to run you over or did you help him into that poll?”
Ellsa chuckled, “Unbelievable. You guys will keep protecting him even in his death. I want my phone call.”
“Not yet.”
Ellie reached into Carson’s pocket and pulled out a phone. “Here, call Daniel.”
“Ellie!” Carson exclaimed.
“The only reason Ellsa was in front of that car, was because she pushed me out of the way. That man had every intention of running us both over!” 
That cop was always a sore subject when it came to her. Any reference to him, set her blood boiling.
“How well do you know Carson?” Doran threw in, hoping to delay the call. With Daniel there, they wouldn’t get anything out of her.
“Ellie introduced us.”
Ellie looked at her surprised, “You set us up on a blind date. You gave me his name. We talked about him before our second date, remember?”
Ellsa held the phone up to her ear, “I forgot to tell you. I called my friend and she sent me his information. Your blind date was a rich, white Deland Carson. He doesn’t like his first name- with good reason- so he goes by Dale. How could I have known there would be another one at the restaurant? Anyway it worked out well for you, so what’s the biggy?”
“So what happened to this other Dale- Deland Carson?”
Ellsa’s lips rose in half a smile, “Let’s just say I got to know him very well. I can give you his phone number if you like?”
Audrey held up her iPad, “No need, I found him.”
“Isn’t he hot?” And then her smile was gone and her face was pulled in surprise. She held out the phone to Carson, “I think you should take this.” Her voice was cracked as she spoke.
“Why? What’s wrong?” Ellie asked, dread settling over her. She couldn’t take any more bad news.
Carson held the phone to his ear, prepared for the worst. “Hello?” 
“Hi. This is detective Simon. Mr. Daniel Baker was stabbed in his home.”
Carson gently eased Ellie in a chair and walked out of the room. The rest of the team, except for Audrey who stayed behind to watch Ellie followed. He put his phone on loud speaker so that they could all listen. “How bad is it?” 
“The last time I saw him, he was alive. It’s been a week already since the incident. Do you mind telling me who I’m speaking to?” 
“Dale Carson, from the FBI BSU unit.”
“Are you the guys looking for that serial killer who shreds her victims’ hearts?”
“Yes.”
“Well then, you should count yourselves lucky. Daniel Baker is your first living victim- that is if he wakes up.”
Carson hung up the phone and put it back in his pocket. He ran his hands exhaustedly over his face. This was going to destroy Ellie. “Ellie can’t know about this.”
“She shouldn’t, if she’s to carry that baby to full term. Any more stress and both their lives will be in danger,” Kevin chipped in.
“Who made you a doctor?” Gwen jeered.
“The medical degree hanging on my mother’s living room wall qualifies me to diagnose.”
Gwen rolled her eyes, then turned to Richard, “What now?”
“Gwen, Doran and I will go to the hospital and watch Daniel in case the suspect goes back to finish the job. Paloma, Kevin and Carson will stay and find out more about the bodyguard and his girlfriend.”
The team broke and Carson went to Ellie. She was leaning against the table holding her head up with one hand while the other rubbed the right side of her round belly. She looked very uncomfortable, her face creasing in pain every few seconds. “Are you okay?”
She nodded. “What’s wrong with Daniel?”
“He had an accident, nothing serious.” 
She nodded towards the trio walking to the elevator, “So where are they going to?”
“They are going to check out the bodyguard’s apartment.”
“And what are you guys doing?” She flinched. The sharp pain was getting stronger.
Carson saw the pained look. He placed his hand on her tightly clenched fist on the side of her huge belly. “We are tracking down the girlfriend. Are you sure you are okay?”
“I’m not in labor if that’s what you are asking. Go work.”
Ellsa coughed. “Could someone please take these off me?”
Carson stared at her, wondering how two people who shared a womb could come to be so completely different. He was glad he nabbed the better of the two. He uncuffed her, “This doesn’t mean you can leave. Stay here with your sister while we work.”
She rubbed her wrist, “Sure.”
Carson kissed Ellie on the forehead. She felt feverish against his lips. “Are you sure you feel fine?”
She nodded, “Don’t worry about me. Go find our daughter.”
Reluctantly he pulled away, “Call me if you need anything.” 
 They spent hours in the conference room sifting through the two kidnappers’ lives. There was nothing to tie them together. They lived two states apart and the only evidence of them being in contact was the surveillance video of them kidnapping Stacey-Ann and after that, nothing. They didn’t even have enough to charge them for Seth’s shooting. It’s like they’d disappeared into thin air.
It was a relief that Seth was doing well, but Daniel still hadn’t woken up from his medically induced coma. According to Richard, his surgery was full of complications, one that left him with a brain bleed. Ellie could never know.
Carson took a break from the frustration and went to see Ellie. When he got to the case room there was no one there so he went to his office and it was empty too. 
He rushed to the case room to check again. Empty. “Audrey!” 
“Yeah?” she said, walking into the case room.
He turned to look at her, “Where are they?”
“Ellsa had to go see her accountant about the money and Ellie went to see Daniel at the hospital.”
Carson could feel the panic creep up his spin, “Alone? Call Richard and ask him if she is already there.”
“Dada!” Stacey-Ann’s singing voice filled the room. 
Startled, Audrey and Carson turned to the direction it came from. She was hiding behind a tree pot, smiling and giggling. Her big sparkling brown eyes lighting up her face.
Carson sunk to his knees, his voice caught in his throat. She looked so beautiful... and taller! Her hair was longer and she had more teeth in her mouth. 
She was walking!
She ducked back behind the tree pot then peaked out again, “Hi!” She yelled, waving at him.
Carson cried, stretching his hands out to her. She ran, jumping into them. He held her tight thanking God for bringing her back. But he didn’t understand how?
“Carson, Ellie never got to the hospital! Gwen has gone out to look for her. And Ellsa isn’t answering her phone.” Audrey announced, in a panic.
Carson stood up, his daughter securely in his arms as he rushed behind Audrey to her office. He felt like he would never put Stacey-Ann down, ever. “Track her cell phone.”
“It’s off.”
“What about Gwen’s?”
“That’s off too.”
Carson felt like he was about to blow up, in frustration. “Do you still have permission to tap into the security cameras?”
She turned in her chair to face her five computers. Her office was like a lair, where everything on the web, secured or not, was at her disposal. Her fingers ran wildly over the keyboard, bringing up several different on each screen. If they didn’t have to cut through so many red tapes, they probably would have ended Carson’s nightmare days ago.
Audrey stopped when the video got to Ellie walking alone towards a dark van. A red head jumped out, carrying Stacey-Ann and then Ellie got in calmly, touching her daughter for only a second before she was taken away. Then the red head came back, without Stacey-Ann and they drove off.
“It really was Gwen. But where is Ellsa?” Audrey gasped out.
“I hope for Ellie’s sake she’s okay. Can you track the car?” Audrey went back to typing. “It’s like you don’t know me.”
****
Carson came to an abrupt stop in front of the huge building. This wasn’t where he expected to end up. “Audrey, are you sure this is the place?” he spoke into his Bluetooth.
“That’s where the car GPS says it is.”
Unsure, “Audrey, it’s a hospital?” getting out of the car and running inside.
She checked the address again. “The same hospital Daniel is in. He is on the fifth floor.”
Carson got into the elevator, impatiently tapping his foot as it crawled up the floors. Once the doors opened, he jumped out. He didn’t have to run far before he bumped into Richard.
“What are you doing here Carson?”
“Where is Gwen and why is her phone off?” 
Richard raised his brow at him, “What’s the problem?”
“Someone took Ellie and dropped off Stacey-Ann. It was an exchange and Gwen was there!” With every word he uttered, Carson’s anger rose like an active volcano ready to blow.
Richard shook his head shocked, “That’s impossible!” 
“Why because she’s an FBI agent?”
“No. Because she’s been here searching the hospital for Ellie like you asked. She hasn’t left the building since we got here.”
Carson shook his head in denial. He couldn’t have hit a dead end, “The GPS tracker says Ellie is here!”
“Carson, I found the car. Fourth parking level, C2, second row and the third spot!” Audrey’s urgent voice sailed into his ear.
He ran for the stairway with Richard behind him, barking orders into his phone. Carson pulled out his gun once he got to the door exiting to the fourth parking level. He held it to his side as he ran out. When he got to C2 he held his gun up and he could hear his heart beating loudly in his ear, all the other noises muted.
“Carson, take cover. There is someone in the car.”
Against Richard’s loud orders, Carson headed straight for the car, his gun aimed at the driver. When the driver turned to look at him, his eyes grew wide in shock, Carson yanked open the door and pulled him out by his neck. 
“Where is my wife?” 
“I don’t know what you are talking about?” The man stuttered, his eyes glued on the nine millimeter gun.
He placed the mouth of the gun on the man’s shoulder, making him whimper. “I’m going to ask you one more time before I start putting holes in you! Where. Is. My. Wife?” 
“Carson, that’s enough!” Richard yelled.
The man’s face creased up as he cried, fear written in his eyes, “I swear, it was a onetime thing! I’ll never touch her again.”
Carson felt his heart leap, “So where is she?”
A woman’s scream rang out. Carson turned to look. She had her shaking hands over her mouth, as her bulging eyes stared at him. 
The man cried pointing at her. “There she is! I swear never again!”
Richard pulled Carson off him, “I’m sorry sir. You are not the one we are looking for.”
Once he was released, he ran, leaving the woman behind and passing a smiling Gwen.
Carson yanked his arm out of Richard’s hold and barked into his receiver, “Audrey this isn’t the car!”
“I figured as much when that guy started crying.”
Carson felt his heart drop. He couldn’t have failed again. “Audrey!”
Audrey flinched at the fury, as he spoke her name. She went back to her keyboard more frantic. “The GPS of the kidnappers is still in tack they just hid behind that guy’s signal.” She cheered when the real signal popped up, “I have an address for you babe!”
Carson ran for the stairway, “It better be the right one!” 
****
Ellie walked into the warehouse wishing there was some way she could have let Dale know where she was. “What do you want?”
The woman pulled the red wig off, “I want nothing from you.”
“Then why did you bring me here?”
The bodyguard emerged, pushing a table. He stopped in front of her and gave her a smile, “Hello Mrs. Carson.”
“Joe, my sister is getting you the money.”
He chuckled, “Of course she is. Help me Jane.” 
“With what?” Ellie demanded, panic rising fast inside her. She watched as they spread a sheet of clear plastic over the steel table and then they laid out a blue sheet over it. She felt her chest tighten, “What are you doing?” 
Jane glanced at her, before she opened the bag, “Preparing.”
“For what?”
She pulled out a scalpel, “For your C-section.” 
Ellie backed away from the table, her breath getting shorter with each step. “What do you mean my c-section? I’m not having a c-section!” 
Jane stalked to her, taunting her with the scalpel. “According to your last ultra sound, the baby hasn’t turned yet. I really want your baby to be born alive so, cutting you open is the only choice we have.”
“Is this a joke?” She whispered, tears trickling down her face.
“Now why would I joke about something like this?”
Joe moved to her, grabbing her arms from the back and pushing her forward. “We have a schedule to keep Jane. We don’t have time for chatter.”
Ellie tried to wiggle out of his hold, “No, please wait! He is not ready yet! He’ll die if you take him out now, please!”
Jane moved to a white tarp and pulled it off, exposing an incubator, “We came prepared.”
Joe lifted her and pinned her on the table. He held her down as Jane strapped the plastic restraints on her wrists and ankles. “Relax, it won’t be long now.”
Ellie struggled to pull off the restraints, as she lay on the cold table. There had to be a way out of here. She couldn’t let them kill her son.
“Stop that, it won’t work,” Jane laughed, as she pulled her gloves on.
“Why are you doing this?” 
“It’s all about the money sweetheart.” 
“I’ll pay you double, I promise, just let me go!”
They looked at her, intrigued by the offer, “Can you double two million dollars?”
Ellie gasped at the revelation. Someone was paying them so much to steal her baby? “Who is paying you?”
“I guess that means no.” He pulled up her top, “Jane lets get started.”
Ellie cried wiggling around. “No, no, no!”
“Shut her up and hold her down Joe! One wrong slip and we won’t get paid!”
“I’ve got something better,” Joe moved to the table and pulled out a syringe. “It will knock her out and she won’t feel a thing.”
“Don’t give her too much of it. The instructions were to keep her awake and alive, so that she can watch us walk out of here, with her bundle of joy.”
“Please no!” 
Joe stabbed her with the needle, “Well, next time be careful with who you piss off.”
Within a few seconds, Ellie began to feel drowsy. She felt numb all over, even her lips, but she wasn’t going to let it stop her from screaming for help.
Jane laughed, as she made the first incision, “You sound like a cat!”
Ellie whimpered when she felt the dull pain of the knife slicing through her. “No please,” she begged one more time, her head dropping on the table, too heavy to hold up anymore.
“Hold her open Joe,” 
Ellie cried when she felt the push and pull pressure. They were stealing her baby from her and there was nothing she could do.
“Here he is!” Jane announced, holding the baby up for Ellie to see. He was so tiny and his skin was ashy pink. He didn’t move nor did he seem like he was breathing.
“You killed him!” Ellie cried, turning away from her lifeless child.
Jane took him to another table, “I’m a nurse, and I know what I’m doing.” After a few minutes of prompting, a sharp baby’s cry filled the empty warehouse, bouncing off the walls. 
Ellie turned to him. Jane was blocking him, but she could see his little feet move around. She cried out of happiness and immense sadness. Her baby was alive, but she was never going to have the joy of being his mother.
“Hurry up with that brat before she bleeds out!” 
“Hold your horses.” Jane swaddled him up and placed him in the incubator. “You are a very pretty baby and very strong too!” She cooed at him before she moved to Ellie. “You and that husband of yours have really good genes, a gorgeous daughter and a stunning son. He is going to be a heart breaker when he’s grown, too bad you won’t see it.”
“Please let me see him,” Ellie begged. “Just let me hold him once.”
“No. Now close her up.” Joe ordered.
“Sorry, but we need to leave,” Jane said. Before she could even touch Ellie, loud sirens echoed in the warehouse. “What the hell, Joe?”
Joe yanked off of his bloody surgical gear, “Shit! I knew that witch couldn’t be trusted. Let’s go!”  
Jane pulled her overalls off, “What about her and the baby? And our money?”
“Leave them and she’s not going to pay us, especially if we are in jail!”
Ellie gave a tired laugh, “You won’t get to jail. Dale is going to kill you the moment you step outside.” 
“Who’s Dale?” she asked.
“Her FBI husband.”
“You’ve been standing here for two minutes already, one more minute and you’ll both be dead. No questions asked, just a bullet right through your head.” Ellie slurred out.
 “Is she serious?”
“I’m sure, and I’m not sticking around to prove her right!” Joe took off running, Jane hot on his heels.
Ellie struggled to release her hand. It hurt as she tore her skin out of the plastic cuffs, but she didn’t care. Once she was free, she reached above her head and held on to the incubator. She pulled it and it rolled in view of her.
Ellie smiled when she saw him. He had a small oxygen mask a few inches from his face. His eyes were closed, but his little red lips moved like a tiny fish’s. She placed her hand up against it. The incubator felt warm. He was safe in there, but she knew something was bound to go wrong if he didn’t get to a hospital.
She pulled the incubator closer and opened the little door. She stuck her hand inside and stroked his tiny head. He stirred and whined for a moment before he settled again. 
“My beautiful little baby boy.” She whispered, too weak to talk aloud. “You are going to be fine. Your daddy is going to save you.”
“Ellie! Oh my God!” Paloma exclaimed, when she saw all the blood dripping from the table and join a huge pool on the floor. “We need the paramedics in here!” She whispered urgently, into her radio.
“Paloma,” Ellie whispered through her dry throat, “Where is Dale?”
“He is...” Four gun shots finished her sentence. She didn’t need to be told for confirmation, “He’s on his way.”
“In case he doesn’t get here in time...”
She grabbed the tarp and wrapped it around Ellie’s open belly. It didn’t stop the bleeding but it slowed it down. “Ellie, you’ll be fine.”
“Tell him I love him very much and that I’m sorry.” 
Paloma nodded, unable to hold back the tears, “I’m sure he knows and you can tell him yourself.”
  “And tell him to tell Stacey-Ann that her mommy loves her so very, very much. He has to tell them both that every day.”
Paloma yelled into her radio. “Where the hell are the paramedics?!”
“Oh God,” Kevin uttered.
“You have a medical degree, do something!” 
Kevin nodded. He pooled the tarp off and grabbed the surgical tape on the table. “This can be controlled. I can fix this.” He said, more to himself than anyone else.
Ellie however knew better. She wasn’t going to survive it, she could feel it. She turned to her son and looked at him one last time. She stroked his tiny ear. It felt as soft as a petal against her touch. She would miss this. Just like she’d miss Stacey-Ann’s first date, graduation and college. She would miss it all and her heart broke over it. 
“His name is James Dale Carson. Make sure to tell Dale that.” And then she closed her eyes and sunk into the dark abyss. 
“Ellie!” Carson yelled, as he run to them.
“Stop him, don’t let him near here!” Kevin ordered. 
Doran grabbed his arm but he got shoved to the ground. Then Richard grabbed hold of him before he took another step. They wrestled him to his knees but it was proving to be a battle they would both lose, until Gwen joined them. She put her knees on his legs and hung on his neck, weighing him down.
“The baby is fine Carson, it’s just Ellie now!” Paloma offered. She wanted to comfort him, but she couldn’t leave Ellie. She looked at her pale face and her hand which rested on her baby’s head, and her heart broke. She didn’t have the words or the thought to describe what she felt.
The paramedics passed the wrestling group to get to Ellie. Kevin spoke quickly to them, each word passing Carson too fast for him to understand. But when one of them took out the defiberator, he didn’t need words to understand that. 
“Ellie!” he heaved up and tried to push the trio off him. 
Gwen was thrown off when he got to his feet. But before he could shove off the other two, she kicked his knees sending him down hard. She went back to her prior position, with a tighter hold on him this time. “Let them work Carson. They can save her, just wait and don’t get in their way!”
Carson sank to the ground his hands over his head as he cried.
 He’d failed, again. 
What was he going to tell his children?
Chapter Nine
Carson looked at his watch and then leaned on the bed. “Ellie, it’s been four weeks, five days and two hours already, don’t you think it’s time you woke up?”
He watched her still lips, hoping they would move and a sound, any sound would come out and answer him. 
Nothing. 
She’d been in a coma for weeks and as hopeful as the doctors seemed, he wasn’t so sure she would wake up. “Third is out of the NICU,” he laughed. “Yes I nicknamed him Third I don’t like Junior. Anyway, he’s in the nursery. I asked Roger to take care of him. I figured that’s what you’d want. He says Third is ready to be discharged but Richard thinks it would be safer for him to stay here. He doesn’t think we are out of the woods just yet.”
He stared at her, waiting for an answer, but still nothing. He climbed on to her bed and laid next to her. He gently lifted her head and placed it on his shoulder. And then he hugged her to him, “I’ve missed holding you.” He chuckled, “If your nurse walks in here she’s going to flip.”
He caressed her cheek, “I like James, in honor of your dad right? So did you name him after me or my dad? That’s a dumb question considering we are both named Dale Carson.” 
“How is she?” Kris asked.
Carson looked up. Audrey was here too, with Stacey-Ann asleep in her arms. He looked back at Ellie, “She’s still giving me the silent treatment.”
“I read online that talking to a patient in a coma is good.” Kris rapped out and then bit her trembling lips shut to keep the threatening sob in. 
“Yeah. She can hear you,” Audrey added.
“That’s good. She’ll be well informed when she wakes up because I’ve been talking for weeks.”
“We should try something else,” Kris announced, taking Stacey-Ann from Audrey. “Baby wake up.” She nudged her awake. Stacey-Ann’s eyes fluttered open with a whine.
“Kris, let her be.”
“Maybe if Ellie hears her daughter cry then she’ll wake up. She has a family to take care of, she needs to wake up!” She half yelled, tears freely spilling over.
“Lay her here,” Carson patted the bed.
Kris moved Ellie’s hand, then placed Stacey-Ann next to her and draped her hand over the child. Stacey-Ann cuddled against her mother, moving up to sleep closer to her face. “Mama,” she said, placing her hand on her cheek. When Ellie didn’t respond, she cuddled closer and hugged her neck and then went back to sleep.
“I... I can’t...” Kris uttered, running out. She sat down against the wall and cried.
Audrey pulled the covers over Stacey-Ann, “Do you need anything?”  
He traced the outlines of Ellie’s face with his finger, “Do you think Kris is right? Maybe if we brought in Third and let him cry...” 
“Maybe later,” Kevin said, stepping into the room, “Daniel is awake and you wouldn’t imagine what his first words were.”
“What?” 
“Tell Carson to keep Ellie safe, Ellsa wants to kill her.”
Carson slide out from under Ellie and rushed out the door, “Audrey stay with them, you too Kevin.”
Carson matched into Daniel’s room and headed right for his bed, moving a nurse out of his way. “Daniel what do you know about Ellsa?”
“Thanks, I’m doing great after being in a coma for two months.” Daniel’s voice sounded scratchy.
Carson picked up the cup of water and held the straw to his lips, “I’m glad you are okay but Ellie is still in a coma.”
Daniel’s eyes widened with shock. He spat out the straw, “Why didn’t anyone tell me this before!” 
“You woke up only an hour ago,” Richard answered.
“What happened?”
Richard ran it down for him, “Stacey-Ann was kidnapped. Seth got shot in the process, but he’s okay. Ellsa told us it was a kidnapping, she said she was going to look for the money and then Ellie got traded for Stacey-Ann.”
“How’s Stacey-Ann?”
Carson smiled, “She’s fine. She’s asleep next to her mother.”
“And the baby?”
“Did you know she was pregnant?”
Daniel shook his head, “Ellsa told me before she shoved a knife through my chest. I knew something was up when she brought me Chivas Regal as a thank you gift.”
Richard whistled, “Top five best scotch in the world, and probably your favorite.”
“Not when it’s drugged. I couldn’t move after I took a sip of it. But I could hear and feel everything.” His face creased at the memory. He placed his hand over his chest as if to confirm his heart was still there.
 “What happened to Ellie?” He directed the question to Carson, but when he saw him clench his jaw and turn away, he looked at Richard for an answer.
“Ellsa had some people steal the baby, while he was still inside Ellie. They were both in critical condition, but James Dale Carson is doing fine now. We are waiting on Ellie to wake up.” When his phone rang he stepped away, “Excuse me.”
“Hi Richard, do you know where Gwen is?” Paloma asked, staring down at James as he slept. He was bigger and breathing on his own. After his traumatic birth, she expected him to have a lot more wrong with him, but he was completely fine.
“I’m right here,” Gwen announced, walking in, “Give me five minutes to change.”
Paloma turned to get her stuff, “She’s here Richard. I’m going home...” she stopped when she turned around and stared at the empty baby bed.
“What’s wrong Paloma?”
“He’s gone! Someone took him!” She dropped the phone and ran out into the corridor. She didn’t have to look far. There was a nurse in pink overalls heading for the fire exit, holding a baby. “Hey stop!” 
The nurse glanced at her and kept walking. 
Paloma rushed forward and pulled her gun out, “I swear, take one more step and I’ll put a bullet in your head!”
 The nurse stopped. 
“Turn around slowly.” 
The nurse turned, exposing the baby in her arms. James was still sound asleep. Paloma took him with one arm, her other hand still pointing the gun at her. “This baby has gone through enough and I am at my wits end, so don’t play with me. Why and where were you taking him?”
The nurse put her hands up over her head, “A woman in the parking lot paid me to take him. She said it was her baby and she was been forced to put him up for adoption by her crazy husband.”
Paloma moved back, signaling her to move with her, “What’s the woman’s name?”
“Ellie Carson.”
Paloma huffed, “Of course it is.”
Paloma felt relaxed when she saw Doran came round the corner.
“Richard called. What’s going on?” Doran asked cuffing the nurse. 
“Ellie asked her to steal the baby.”
“Ellie? In other words Ellsa?”
“No. She said her name is Ellie,” the nurse argued.
Doran took out his phone and scrolled to a picture of Ellie, “Is this her?”
“Yes, but her hair was straight and she had bangs.”
“The woman you met is Ellsa. She’s a serial killer who tried to kill her sister and steal James, her sister’s baby.”
The nurse had a horrified look on her face, “I think I’m going to be sick.”
“Paloma take the baby back,” Doran instructed, settling the woman on the chair. “And could we not tell Carson we almost lost his son?”
“You don’t have to tell me twice,” Paloma announced. She went back to the nursery and placed James back into his bed. She then pushed the bed to the furthest corner, far away from both the exits.
Doran sat next to the nurse. “Now, let’s start from the beginning.”
“Why don’t we just jump straight to the end? Where is my baby?” Ellsa demanded, pointing a gun at the duo.
****
She kept the gun pointed at Doran as she pulled the nurse up. “I sent you to get me my baby not to socialize. Where is he?”
“They took him back. They said he’s not your baby!”
“Took him where?”
“To the nursery.”
Doran stood up, “Ellsa...”
“You have a very short time to live old man, do not waste it by dying in a hospital corridor.” She walked to the nursery using the nurse as cover. She tried the door but it was locked. She cursed, and knocked on the glass. “You, open the door!”
 “Not a chance Ellsa!” Paloma yelled back.
Ellsa banged frustrated, on the glass with her fist and roared, “Don’t make me shoot through this glass, because I will.”
“You can’t, it is bullet proof,” the nurse stuttered.
 “Give me that baby Paloma or I swear your family will be next on my hit list!”
Paloma moved towards the glass, her face turning red with fury. “I will hunt you to the ends of the earth if you so much as go a mile near my family. And I promise you, I will kill you, even if you’re Ellie’s sister.”
Ellsa puffed, “You talk about Ellie like she was some kind of god.”
“Is, she’s not dead Ellsa.”
Ellsa’s lips rose in a smile, “Yet. She’s not dead yet.” And then she shrugged her shoulder, “I never intended on her dying, that was never in the plan, but she is in a coma. She could never wake up and that gives me full rights to the baby.”
“You’re forgetting something, James has a father.”
“What makes you so sure he’s the father?” 
“Ellie is a woman of honor and loyalty and she has a heart. Everything you lack.”
That comment turned the smile on Ellsa’s lips into an angry quiver. Murder yelled out of her eyes, as she glared at Paloma, wishing that glass wasn’t there to shield her.
“Paloma,” Doran warned. “Ellsa lets discuss this.”
Ellsa grabbed hold of the nurse’s hair and dragged her a safe distance away. She placed the barrel of the gun in her ear. “I’m done talking. Give me the baby or she’s going to have a really bad ear ache.”
Carson and Richard stood close by, behind the cover of the wall. Paloma had texted them about Ellsa’s attempt to steal James. That sent Carson into a murderous rage. He wanted to put a bullet through her heart and watch her die a slow death for what she’d done to his family. He didn’t care if she was his sister-in-law, all he wanted was retribution. But as the homicidal thought commanded his mind, Ellie’s voice persistently whispered in his ear. She loved her sister, no matter what the psychopath did and killing her would only hurt Ellie. Ellsa would still have won in destroying their lives.
Carson and Richard moved closer, laying in wait for Doran’s signal. No matter how they played it, for Ellie’s sake, Ellsa had to make it out alive.
“Give me my son!” Ellsa yelled, making the nurse cry louder.
Carson clenched his jaw, forcing his emotions behind and allowing his professional instincts to take over.
Doran took a step closer, “Ellsa, you don’t have a baby here. James is Ellie’s baby, and Carson is never going to let you have him.”
She chuckled, “What? He’s going to kill me like he did my employees. Ellie is going to hate him if he does.” She laughed loudly, “I saw them and those shots were meant to make them suffer before they died. Carson is just like me, we would have made one hell of a couple.”
“Carson is nothing like you,” A tired voice spoke out. 
Carson felt his heart stop. He made to move out of position but Richard held him back.
“Focus!” He instructed.
“I thought you were in a coma?” Ellsa accused.
Ellie moved to lean against the nurse’s desk, pushing Kris away. Her legs still felt like jelly under her, but she didn’t want Kris to get caught in the cross fire. There were a lot of guns aiming at Ellsa, and she had no idea. “Well, you woke me up.”
“Welcome to the party sis!”
Ellie leaned more against the desk, a dizzy spell rocking her. “What are you doing Ellsa?”
“I came to take what’s mine, my son.” 
“You have a son?” She asked confused wondering how long she’d been out.
“She’s talking about your baby Ellie,” Doran corrected.
Ellie gasped, a single tear spilling, “James.... he’s alive?”
“Yes.”
 She willed her legs to hold her up and staggered to the nursery window. She leaned against it and searched the room, “Is he okay?”
“Yes, my son is okay and I’m here to get him.” Ellsa barked, destroying Ellie’s relief.
Ellie felt her heart tighten. She felt like crying her heart out, but she was too weak for it. She couldn’t stand the betrayal, her own twin sister! “So you really did try to steal him from me? You had people cut me open and pull my baby out!”
“What can I say, I ran out of patience.”
“He could have died!”
She rolled her eyes, “I hired professionals. They knew what they were doing and you wouldn’t have ended up in a coma if Dale hadn’t crushed the party.”
“I don’t understand. Why would you do this? He’s just a baby, he hasn’t done anything to you!”
Ellsa smiled, “For years I’ve stood in the shadow of perfect Ellie! You’ve stolen every man I’ve ever loved. The only retribution I could think of was taking them all away from you. If I couldn’t have them, you wouldn’t either.”
“What does James have to do with this?” 
“When you told me you were pregnant, I knew I didn’t have a chance of getting Dale back. You were popping another one of his spawns. So, I took you out of the picture. I figured, I’d make him fall in love with me, and then when you came back he wouldn’t care. You’d be off to jail for murder and I’d be the new Mrs. Carson.” 
She clenched her jaw, the dreamy look fading, “But the idiot is too in love with you! And when you told me you were having a boy, I knew he would be my retribution. He is going to be the only man, the most important of them all, to love me more than he loves you.”
Ellie staggered forward, “You are not getting anywhere near my son!” 
Ellsa tugged at the nurse’s hair making her whimper, “You have any kids?”
“One, and I’m all she has.” 
Ellsa then clicked off the safety. The nurse jumped with a sob, the sound of the end ringing in her ear. “You should thank Ellie for making your daughter an orphan. Good night.”
“No!” Ellie screamed, moving forward.
Ellsa raised the gun and turned to her side. She squeezed the trigger, and the shot rang out echoing in the corridors alongside the security guard’s cry of pain. 
Ellie gagged, feeling nauseated as she watched the man sag down to his knees, his hand over the bleeding hole in his chest, and a frightened look in his eyes. “What have you done?”
Ellsa turned the gun back to the nurse who was frozen in shock, watching the guard bleed out inches away from her. “Why does everyone want to be a hero? Now where was I... oh, the orphan. I bet his kids will be wondering why daddy didn’t go home today.”
Ellsa pressed the barrel hard against the nurse’s temple, snapping her back to reality, “Please don’t kill me, I’m begging you please!” 
“That depends on Ellie, what do you say sis?”
Ellie watched the nurse cry helplessly. She shook her head as she sobbed, unable to say the words. She knew she was condemning her to death, but she couldn’t give up her son. 
Ellsa shrugged, “Okay.”
“You shoot her and you won’t have a hostage. There will be nothing to keep us from shooting you!” Doran rapped out. 
Ellsa’s lips pulled wider in a sadistic smile, “I know.” Then she turned the gun to the nurse’s station where three nurses were standing. “That’s why I’m going to be shooting them first.” She turned to Ellie, “I’m sure they have children too. You are about to make them motherless. There is only one solution to this Ellie.”
She nodded, “Yes there is... you kill me.”
Carson went to rush out, but Richard held him back ,pinning him to the wall. “Not yet.”
Carson fought him, “She’s going to kill her!” 
“Wait!”
“Kill you?” Ellsa blurted out, “Why in the world would I want to do that? You are my sister. I don’t want to kill you.”
“I’m the one you are mad at. I’m the one you hate, so kill me and end it all, because there is no way in hell you are getting anywhere near my son!”
“If I kill you, you do understand, I can still take him?”
“You kill me and Carson kills you. You lose and I still win.”
“He won’t kill me.” 
“Why? Because he is secretly in love with you?” Ellie taunted, “He loathes you. The sight of you makes his stomach turn in disgust.”
“Stop it!” 
“Why? I’m just telling you the truth. Just like George and Taylor, they never wanted you, it’s me they loved. Not forgetting, what’s his name....? Ned... your recent ex-boyfriend?”
“I had sex with them and they loved it!” She struck, hoping to cause as much damage as Ellie’s words caused her. “Your husband begged me for more and more! I pleasured him more than you ever could.”
Ellie’s lips rose in a mocking smile, “And I’m sure the entire time they were thinking about me. Did Dale whisper ‘Ellie I love you’ in your ear when he brought you to orgasm, because he loves to do that?”
Ellsa lifted the gun and pointed it at her, “You bitch! I hate you!”
“So shoot me! Shoot me and leave my son alone!” 
“As you wish...” pushing back the trigger.
Carson sprinted out and rushed for Ellie as she stood there, waiting for the end. He scooped her up with one arm as the shoot rang out loudly echoing in his head. He placed her in the corner, between the pillar and the glass and shielded her completely with his body.
Another loud bang filled the air and then another one.
And then, silence.
Ellie stayed quiet, pressed into the corner by Carson’s body. All she could hear was her heart beat in her ears, Dale’s heavy breathing and this terrible feeling that told her Ellsa was dead. She pushed at Carson, “Please move, I want to see her.”
“Ellie...” Carson whispered, his head on hers.
“Dale, please,” squeezing out through the small gap.
She gasped when she saw Ellsa on the floor a pool of blood getting larger around her. Gwen stood over her, her gun pointed down at her. “You killed her!” Ellie rushed for her, but Richard held her back. “Somebody help her! Please!” 
It took a solid two minutes before two doctors rushed to Ellsa. Ellie stood there and watched pensively chanting a prayer for her sister to be alright.
“Ellie...” Carson whispered, turning around. He watched as she cried for Ellsa. He knew she would never get over her death... and he wouldn’t be around to help her try. 
That was going to crush her even more.
“Ellie...” he said, taking a heavy step forward. He wiped the drip on the side of his lips with his sleeve. “Ellie...” he said again, when she didn’t turn to face him. He tried to move his other leg but it felt impossible. Everything inside him hurt and he couldn’t breathe. He felt dizzy.
“Ellie!” Carson then yelled, exhausting himself further.
“What?” She exclaimed turning to face him. When she looked at him, a sickening feeling settled over her. He didn’t look right. There was something terribly wrong. “Dale?” she whispered, approaching him.
He pulled a smile over his pain stricken face, “Honey...” he pulled in a strangled breath, “I need... to talk... to you...” He gasped out.
“Okay.”
“We need a doctor!” Doran yelled, from behind him.
Ellie shifted her gaze to Doran, all she needed to know was written on his face. There were three shots... one of them was in Ellsa’s chest. She turned back to him, the taste of bile in her mouth. “Dale, are you okay?” 
His head hang low and she saw the red on his lips. She reached up to touch it, but he caught her hand. He placed her palm flat on his chest.
Ellie stiffened. His heart beat... it felt off under her touch...
He lifted his other hand and placed his open palm on her cheek, “I love you.”
Ellie held his cold hand in place and smiled back, “I know that. Are you hurt?”
“I’ve been through worse.” He swayed on his feet and Ellie caught him, wrapping her arms around him and releasing a pain filled groan from his lips.
“You are hurt!” She uttered in a panic. She pulled her hands back when all of a sudden they got wet. “Oh god, oh god, oh god,” starring at her shaky heavily coated bloody hands. “Dale! Dale!”
“I’m sorry,” he breathed out, collapsing on her. 
Ellie sunk to the ground with him. She cradled him against her, his face close to hers. “Don’t do this to me Dale Carson! You are not allowed to die!” She yelled shaking him. “You promised! Dale!”
“Ma’am you need to let go so that we can help him,” A doctor firmly instructed.
“No, I’m not leaving him.” She kissed his cold lips as she rubbed his cheek. “Come on baby, wake up. Stacey-Ann and James need you. You can’t die before James knows you.” She cried, “They need their father and I need my husband! Dale, please!” 
“Ellie, come with me,” Roger said, dislodging her arms and pulling her away. Immediately Carson was free of her, they put him on a gunny and rushed him away.
“No! Where are they taking him?” She struggled in Roger’s arms, “I want to go with him! Let me go with him!” 
Roger tightened his grip on her. He trapped her arms down with a tight hold across her chest, and then took the syringe a nurse offered him. He injected the content in her arm, “He is going to be fine, but you need to relax!”
Within seconds Ellie began fading away. “He can’t leave me, he can’t leave his children. I can’t live without him, I just can’t.” She cried until she fell asleep in Roger’s arms a few seconds later.
Chapter Ten
Ellie stood in a very sully mood in the elevator, watching the floor numbers change. This was her first day out of the apartment since the incident. The thought of socializing, especially with Dale’s team made her mood even worse. She wasn’t looking forward to it, and if she had a choice, she would have stayed home cuddling with her kids.
But, this was for Dale.
The elevator door opened, but she didn’t move. She just looked out at the busy lobby full of people in party hats laughing and enjoying the Christmas party.
Ellie groaned. She wasn’t looking forward to this at all.
Kris nudged her, “Ready?”
Ellie just stared at her, not saying a word.
Kris stopped the elevator doors before they shut, “If you don’t want to be here, just say the word and we’ll go back home. They’ll understand.”
Ellie took a deep breath. She wasn’t a coward. She was very ready to see the woman who shot her sister, after four months of avoiding her. 
Another gun, another badge.
But she couldn’t stay mad. Gwen only did it to save her family.
“I’m ready.” She announced pushing the double stroller out of the elevator. She made her way through the laughter and merry wishes with a tight smile and fading patience. All she wanted to do was go to Dale’s former office and hide.
“Hi!” Kevin said, joyously, giving Ellie a tight hug. “How are you?”
“I’m fine, considering.”
“Don’t worry. We are all here for you.” Then Kevin opened up the double stroller to put them side by side, exposing the two sleeping toddlers. “I don’t mind babysitting my godson for a few days.”
“I don’t mind either.” Audrey announced, walking into the room. She went to Ellie and gave her a very tight hug. Ellie leaned into it. The sincere affection helped lighten her mood. “Are you sure you are okay? You’ve been through a lot.” She whispered in her ear.
Ellie nodded. “It’s been four long depressing months. I think it’s time I tried to put everything behind me and start living my life again.” She pulled out of the hug and looked at Audrey with a sincere smile, “besides you and Kris have been my substitutes long enough. Its time I took care of my kids myself.”
“If you are sure...”
“I am. And if I fall into another depression, I have you on speed dial.” 
“Hi.”
Ellie turned to Gwen’s voice. It took her a few short breaths to simmer the stirring rage inside her. “Hi.”
“So do you still hate me?” 
“You did what you had to do. I should be thanking you.”
She shrugged, “I’m glad that you are mad at me because, I don’t think I could take it if you acted like a gracious saint.”
“Anything to keep you happy Gwen,” she didn’t mean to, but that came out bitter and angry.
Gwen smiled and walked away, “thanks for the consideration.”
“Kris, Audrey, please watch them for a few minutes.” Ellie rushed away before she could hear their answer. She got to the corridor and called out, “Gwen. Can I speak to you for a minute?”
Gwen turned and looked at her, suspicion in her mind. She had reason to be suspicious; her sister had turned out to be a psycho. She brushed her elbow against her gun, “What’s up?”
Ellie walked to her, “I need a favor.”
****
Carson stretched his back out. He could still feel the two bullets sear painfully through his back. He had been shot a handful of times before, but none of them scared him as much. He didn’t have anything to lose then, but now, he had a wife, a daughter and a son he would have left behind. 
Ellie had been depressed for months and Carson didn’t blame her. Her daughter had been kidnapped, she’d been cut open, had her son pulled out of her, fell into a coma thinking she’d never get to hold her son and then wakes up to a standoff. Her husband and her serial killer sister got shot. Top all that off with what had happened to Daniel, George, Taylor and the recently discovered Ned.
 He was lucky all she did was fall into a depression and nothing worse.
“Dada!” 
Stacey-Ann announced him, as he walked into the room.
He kissed her forehead, leaving her in Audrey’s arms. “How’s my princess?”
She giggled then turned back to Audrey’s colorful hair. “Do you want her?” 
“No. My back hurts.” He went to Kris who was holding his son and rubbed his hairy head. It was amazing how his face could be on such a small person. “Third, how are you today?”
Kris rolled her eyes. “Jamey is doing just fine. The doctor said there is no reason to worry. He is a normal baby boy.”
Carson smiled, kissing the top of his head. “That’s great to hear. What about mommy?”
Ellie had taken care of him when he was recuperating, but he could clearly see she had faded away. His wife and the mother of his children, just wasn’t there anymore. He could sum up all the words she had said to him since the shooting and they weren’t more than a dozen.
Kris patted his arm. She could hear the worry in his voice. “She says she’s fine.”
He swallowed hard, “But...”
“She’s really trying, Dale. It’s not easy.”
He knew that, but he just couldn’t accept it. All of this because of Ellsa!
“Carson, she’s smiling. Take that and be patient,” Doran encouraged.
He nodded. “Where is she?”
“She went after Gwen. She went to talk to her,” Kris answered. 
The room went quiet for a moment and then Audrey walked up to the computer. She typed a few things in and brought up a live feed. “They’re in the shooting range.”
****
“Push your shoulders back and support your shooting hand with your other hand,” Gwen instructed, shifting Ellie’s hands around to cradle the gun properly. “Take a deep breath then pull your finger back.”
Ellie did as instructed, and a loud muffled bang rang in the room. And for a second she felt a tickle rush through her. “Is that better?” 
Gwen pulled her ear muffles down, “No need to shout. It’s better, but not on target.”
She hoisted the gun up and pointed at the target, aiming for the heart. “Let’s try again.”
Gwen placed her hand over hers and pushed them down, “Later. There is someone here to see you.”  
“Who?” Ellie turned around to meet Dale’s gaze. He looked worried and very confused, but his eyes stood out with so much love. She turned away feeling uncomfortable. 
Gwen walked out, leaving them alone, “I’ll be upstairs getting wasted.”
“Hi.” coolly placing the gun on the counter.
Carson took her cold demeanor in stride, “What are you doing here?”
“I just figured out why you guys are so obsessed with this thing. Pulling the trigger is a sick rush.”
Carson descended the few steps and walked to her, “That’s not why we carry guns and you know that.”
Sensing his anger she turned to face him. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to offend you. I came here to learn how to defend myself.”
“You don’t need a gun, you pack a mean punch. Gwen’s face still has the dent to prove it.”
She chuckled and then covered her mouth to keep the laugh in. Carson smiled as he watched his wife emerge. “She still can’t chew well. It’s like watching Shrek eat.”
A burst of laughter escaped her lips before she bit her lips shut. “I should apologize for that.”
“You should, but you don’t have to. She likes the extra inch her mouth can open.”
“Dale, that’s not funny,” she chuckled out. “She saved you, I need to learn how to be nicer to her.”
“The doctors saved me. I still got shot in the back, twice!” 
Carson wished he hadn’t said that. The light in her face quickly disappeared. She had a very pained look, tears dancing in her eyes.
“I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have brought that up.”
She shook her head, catching the tears before they fell. “It’s fine. We should go back up.”
She went to move past him, but he got in her way. “Not yet. I don’t understand why you are mad at me!” 
“I’m not mad at you.” 
“Then why are you treating me like your unwanted roommate instead of your husband?”
She side stepped, but he blocked her again. “Dale lets just go back up.”
“No! Your sister shot me and yet it’s me you hate!”
“My sister kidnapped Stacey-Ann, shot you and you almost died. Jamey almost died, I almost died and Ellsa...” she yelled. “My sister was on a mission to kill everyone I cared about in this world and you think I hate you?” She cried. “I’m in pain Dale, and my family is suffering for it, and I just don’t know what to do. I don’t know how to fix it.”
Carson wrapped her up in his arms. That was the first time he’d seen her cry in months. “It’s going to be okay.”
“No it’s not. Not for those families who lost their sons because of me.” 
“It’s not your fault, your sister suffered a psychotic break. We are just lucky you’ve managed to stay sane after everything you’ve been through.”
She cuddled herself tighter against his chest. “I’m still alive.”
“But you wish you were dead, don’t you?”
She looked up at him, “If it meant saving all of them and you, yes I do. I wish she’d taken it out on me instead.”
“Leaving Stacey-Ann and me, and Third never being born, that’s what you’d prefer?”
She hid her face in his chest, “No.”
Carson tilted her head up gently, “And you feel guilty that you came out of it only maimed unlike the rest?”
“Yes. Will it ever end?”
“Only if you are willing to let it. And that means, trying to put everything behind you.”
“I’m going to need help.” 
“We’ll find you help. You know I love you, don’t you?”
She nodded, her lips parting in a sweet smile, “Yeah, I kinda like you too. By the way, Kris hates that nickname.” 
“He’s my son, I’ll call him whatever I like.” He said, swaying with her.
“You haven’t kissed me in a long time.”
Carson leaned down, “You haven’t let me kiss you in a long time.”
She inched up, getting close enough to whisper on his lips, “I’m letting you now.”
Carson didn’t wait for a second invitation or for her to change her mind. He took her lips, possessing them as his once more. He’d missed how tender they were and how sweet they tasted. They were so delicate compared to his, and it echoed what a fragile rose she was. Her heart was gentle, too gentle for this harsh world. And as much as he loved it, it scared him. He’d have to be more vigilant in protecting it from breaking into tiny pieces again, right after he put it back together again.
Ellie broke the kiss with a smile. She could feel some of her spirit flow back into her. She was going to be her old self again, no matter what it takes. “Audrey called about a surprise. What is it?”
Carson brushed his lips against hers, “We should go up and find out.”
Ellie pulled away with a laugh. She took his hands and pulled him forward, “Yeah we should before you get any ideas.” 
Carson didn’t move. It was like a little girl pushing a bolder over a bump. He wanted to go up but... With one tug she went flying into his arms and pinned against his chest. “Too late, the idea is already there.”
She stared into his captivating eyes, her breath caught in her chest as she felt their burning desire. She felt like she was going to faint if he kept teasing her with his lips. It was two and a half years ago all over again. 
He picked her up and placed her on one of the counters. Then he pulled her to him until they were pressed flush against each other chest to hip. Ellie wrapped her legs around his waist when she felt his hand sneak up under her sweater.
“Are you okay to do this?” She raged against his lips, tugging on his sweater.
He smiled at her gasp once his hands came into contact with what they were hunting for, “Are you kidding? It’s been way too long since I had you.”
“Guys, you have a home with a huge master bedroom and a king size bed for that. Come up!” Audrey’s voice boomed on the intercom.
Carson stopped his petting, laughing. They would have been there all night if Audrey hadn’t rudely interrupted. He pulled his hands away and helped her down to her feet.
“How many people heard that?” Ellie asked, finally taking a breath.
“Anyone in the shooting range but since it’s just us, no one.” Carson put her under his arm and walked out of the room. He stopped when he got to the gun room. A dozen guys were there whistling and hooting. “Are you practicing for baby number three already?” One of them shouted. 
“Oh god,” Ellie moaned, hiding her face in his side.
“Hey, we didn’t know we had an audience, you perverts!” Carson scolded jokingly, quickly rushing them out of there.
Once they got into the elevator Ellie pulled her face out of hiding, “I’m going to kill Audrey!”
He turned her to face him, “How about we take advantage of the minute it will take us to get to my floor.”
She pushed his hands away laughing, “No! I’m not getting caught again.”
He caught her, pulling her in for a kiss. “Okay, we can christen my new office, all night.”
“Maybe,” the elevator stopped, “But right now you need to behave yourself, Senior Agent Carson.” She walked out, leaving him behind.
He watched her, his eyes on her ass. “I hate it when you leave, but I love watching you walk away,” he caught up and slapped her ass, making her jump with a squeal.
“Dale!” She laughed. “We are not in high school!”
He picked her up and spun her around, “I’ve never left high school.” He stole a few kisses before she managed to escape him.
“I was beginning to enjoy the lack of PDA,” Gwen grumbled.
“Why don’t you just find a boyfriend?” Kris said, giving Jamey to Kevin. “I see things are back to normal.” 
Ellie smiled, “I’m getting there.”
“Well, you are about to get even happier once you see the Christmas present I got you.”
Carson groaned, “Oh no, not another stripper.” 
“Well, he can be convinced...”
“Not even if you paid me,” Daniel said, stepping into view, “Hi Ellie.”
“Daniel!” She ran to him, “I’m so happy to see you!”
Daniel hugged her. “I can see that. How are you doing?”
She pulled away feeling embarrassed. Her hand lingered hesitantly over his chest before she buried it in her pocket. “I should be asking you that. I’m so sorry...”
Daniel put a finger over his lips, quietening her. “It wasn’t your fault. You were a victim too. And from what I heard, you got it worse than I did.”
“Let’s stop talking about that,” Kris jumped in before the conversation killed Ellie’s happy mood. “And by the way, I would have paid you,” she directed to Daniel.
“Oh, you would just love to see me naked!” Daniel teased. He pulled Ellie’s hand and placed it over his heart, just to prove that it was still beating hard. Then he held her tight a minute longer before he released her to Carson.
“You would have made one of us very happy.” She said, signaling in Gwen’s direction with her head.
“Stop that Kris!” Gwen warned.
“Okay, how about we get back on schedule,” Audrey said, as she walked to the couple. “How’s your back?” She asked Carson.
“What’s wrong with your back? Does it still hurt?” Ellie asked uneasily.
“There is nothing wrong with it.” He said taking Stacey-Ann from Audrey. When he saw the anxious look still on Ellie’s face, he bent down and kissed her. “I promise I’m fine.”
She nodded with a tight smile.
“You should take Jamey,” Audrey instructed.
“That is if you can get him away from Kevin. Is he holding up flash cards?” Kris asked, with a laugh.
Jamey was in his chair staring at Kevin with a peculiar look on his face. Kevin sounded like he was giving a lecture. 
“My poor baby!” Ellie lamented.
“Kevin, Third is too young to understand you,” Carson chuckled.
“Jamey,” Kris stressed, looking at Carson, “Is going to be a very fun and smart boy. Isn’t he Kevin?”
Kevin brought the baby to Ellie, “If we have anything to say about it, yes.”
“Both my kids are never going to date. One is going to be a geek, and the other is going to have protective detail. This is your fault Dale,” she whispered, as they walked to the table Audrey ushered them too.
“Kris is his godmother. He’ll be in strip clubs before he gets his driving license, but Stacey-Ann is definitely never going to date.”
“And I’ll help make sure of that,” Daniel echoed, behind them.
“Yes, she will, and now back to the subject.” Audrey stressed, coming to a stop in front of a huge cake.
“Oh my...” Ellie cooed.
Audrey smiled proudly, “I figured we should celebrate Stacey-Ann’s birthday. We never got a chance to do that. And of course celebrate the birth and the christening of James Dale Carson, like we should have.”
“Thank you,” Ellie chocked out.
“Yeah, we really appreciate this.” Carson echoed.
“Christmas and a birthday on the same day! I’ve always dreamed of this.” Kris announced.
“Yeah, it’s for the babies not you, nit wit.” Gwen shot out.
“And the man of the hour has arrived!” Seth announced, walking in. Kris leaped on him and kissed him, tongue and all.
“Please let me shoot them. All I need is one shot and I’ll take them both out. Think of it as a Christmas present... from you to me...” Gwen begged Richard, and he responded by topping off her glass. 
Carson looked around the room. Everyone was there. Richard with his son, even his elusive wife came. Carson never thought he’d see her again. Paloma with her two girls, baby boy and husband. Doran with his wife, and of course Seth. He was glad to have his partner Gwen back, even after the months of friction between them. And of course, the very helpful and extremely odd godparents.
But most importantly, his wife and kids. To think there was a chance he would have never had this day. The thought of it made him cringe.
Ellie turned to look at him, “We’ll be fine. We’ll be better than fine.”
“I know. And I promise no more nightmares from this day on. That’s my Christmas gift to you.”
“You loving me and the kids is enough.” She caressed Stacey-Ann’s cheek and then kissed Jamey’s chubby cheek, “All four of us being happy and healthy is enough. I don’t need anything or anyone else.”
EPILOGUE
The doctor turned to the loud rap on his door. He pulled his desk draw open, exposing a syringe and a gun. He looked at the gun; that was one thing he never thought he’d need when he began his psychiatry course. But he needed it, being the psychiatrist to the criminally insane.
“Come in.” He announced.
The door pushed open and the patient lingered, “Am I disturbing you?” She asked innocently.
He shifted his hand on his lap, closer to the draw. She was probably the worst patient he had in the mental institution. “Of course not, come in. How may I help you?”
“It’s Christmas and I was hoping to call my sister. It’s the first one we’ve spent apart.”
“I’m sorry Ellsa, but you know you can’t do that. Mr. Carson doesn’t want you contacting his family ever again.”
She took a few steps in, “I know that, and I’m really sorry for what I did, but she’s all I have. He can’t keep me from my sister.”
“I’m sorry but the answer is still no.”
Ellsa moved the sharpened tip paint brush down her sweater and into her palm, keeping it hidden in her hand.
She wasn’t going to let anyone keep her sister away from her. 
She was going to be with her again, no matter what she had to do.
“How about I try to convince you,” she said, innocently stepping into the room. “It’s just a phone call.”
He shook his head, “It’s a condition set by the court if you are to spend your sentence here and not the maximum penitentiary. There is nothing you can do or say to change that.”
“Ow, I think I can come up with a few things.” She pushed the door with her heel and it shut behind her. And then she placed her fingers on the lock, turning it slowly.
Until the final soft click.

Look out for the next book in the Black Widows Series, Fatal Obsession!

Tired of always being the good girl, Riana takes a billionaire up on his offer to go to Venice with him for a two week affair. What could possibly go wrong?
Riana and Reno Albury came to America with their mother Cora Davis who ran away from her New Providence home after she was confronted by her lover’s wife.
After their mother’s death and Reno’s deportation, Riana is left alone in NYU. Life seems to only gets worse when she finds her roommate and her boyfriend having sex in her bed. Distraught and tired of always being the good girl, Riana takes a billionaire up on his offer to go to Venice with him for a two week affair. But things aren't as simple as she had imagined. Add a disgruntle business associate bent on murder and things get even more complicated.

Series
Candle Light
The Albury Affairs
The Black Widows
Because Of Love
 Single Titles 
Love Her Right
Unexpectedly Loved


About the Author
I’m the last of my mom’s three girls and I’m also a twin (she is an author too). It’s a lot of fun playing tricks on people with my twin sister. We did so a lot when we were younger but not so much now. We were raised by my mother and we owe her so much and try to make her proud every single day.
I would rather curl up on the couch with a book than go out which also means I’m not into the night life. My pajamas are my best friend because they are so comfortable and only dress up when I go out if there is a good chance I’ll meet a hot guy! 
Connect with me either on my Facebook page- Christina OW or my Twitter @Christina_OW or follow me on BookBub
