Fatal Desire

By Emma Grace

Copyright 2013 Emma Grace

Smashwords Edition

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


What Readers are saying about Fatal Desire, book one of the Desire Series by Emma Grace

I just loved this book. It had a great storyline and interesting details. I will most definitely be reading more of Emma Grace's books. If you like book about murder, mystery, suspense, stalkers, crimes being solved, and gory love stories, you will love this book!!!

This is not the typical book that I read, but it was free and the synopsis looked good. I couldn't put it down. This book is great. Amber is being stalked, and has been for years. She keeps running every time the stalker finds her and kills someone that she has grown close to. She meets someone that can help her. Derek just wants to do his job, but as soon as he sees Amber, he wants to protect her. Major twist with who the stalker is. I hate posting spoilers, so that's all you'll get from me about who it is. I had my ideas, and I was right about who. Will be starting the next book tonight.

I have an obsession with romance novels, but I also love action and crime. This book has all three. All around, this is a stupendous book. I recommend this book over any other books you want to read.

Excellently written and completely shocking with the twists and turns in this story. Very believable and vivid. Definitely worth the time.




♥ Note ♥


Fatal Desire is a fictitious work of the author's imagination.  Though some of the places mentioned throughout the book are real, the characters and storyline are completely made up.  Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.




♥ Table of Contents ♥
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Epilogue
Deadly Desire
Author's Note
About the Author

♥ Prologue ♥


Present Day, New Orleans

He did not like to kill.  It was simply a gruesome necessity.  Fortunately, he did enjoy the planning and the cover up.  He liked the challenge of making the kill look like an accident.  No one would ever discover he was the one sending them all to an early death.
He heaved a huge sigh as he finished pushing the car to the edge of the cliff.  If he had done his job properly, the authorities would believe Jesse Chunn had lost control of his vehicle and plunged to his death.  No one would suspect Jesse had been killed because he had gotten too close to his girl.  No one was allowed near his girl.
His girl.  He thought about the one who obsessed his every waking thought.  He could see her now.  He loved the way her blond hair shined in the sun and seemed to glow around her lovely face.  However, nothing compared to her beautiful, changeable green eyes.  They could be so bright when she was laughing and in a good mood or dark when she was worried or upset.  He was looking forward to the day he would see them when she was aroused and in love.
Suddenly, he heard a car coming.  Throwing his weight against the back of Jesse’s car, he gave a huge shove.  Just before headlights came around the corner, the car rolled off the cliff and he dove behind a bush narrowly missing discovery.  He berated himself for letting her invade his thoughts again while he should be concentrating on the job at hand.  As the car drove by, he could hear Jesse’s car crashing against the rocks below.  He smiled to himself, rose from behind the bush, and dusted himself off.  One of these days she would learn not to cross him.



♥ Chapter One ♥


Present Day, Running from New Orleans

She was on the run again.  She did not know where she was going but she knew she had to get there fast.  Afraid to stop for fear he would find her again, she had been driving for thirteen hours straight and she was getting tired.  She kept checking behind her and was sure no one was following but somehow he always found her.
She decided to drive another hour then find a place to sleep for the night before continuing.  She would look at the map and decide where to go next.  Somewhere she could disappear again.
Twenty-eight year old Amber Curtis sighed as she thought back to when her life had been less complicated.  She had grown up in a small town in Alma, Georgia, where her parents had met and fell in love.  She was an only child lovingly doted on until a gruesome car accident had taken both parents from her at the tender age of eighteen.
Because of her parents careful planning and strategic financial investments, Amber was able to go to college and find a job she really enjoyed.  She had wanted to be a nurse for as long as she could remember and her parents had made sure she was able to see that dream to fruition even though they would not be there to see it happen.
Amber continued to think back to her hometown as she drove.  Her best friend throughout high school, Olivia Carnes, had seen her through that first tough year after losing her parents.  They went to college together, started their first job together, and were rarely apart from the day they met until that fateful day Amber decided she had to leave Alma.
Amber smiled as she thought of Olivia.  She missed her so much, but never more than when she was on the run.  Amber knew she could not call her until she got to her destination.  Olivia was the only person she still kept in touch with and only because she needed her best friend in her life.  She would not have been able to endure these lonely days without Olivia.
She missed the lunch dates, the short vacations, the long phone calls, and the girl’s night in when they watched their favorite television shows with a bowl of popcorn and a glass of wine.  Olivia and she had been friends for ten years before Amber went on the run.  Amber had only gone home one time in the past four years and that had been for Olivia’s wedding.
Now Olivia was expecting.  Would Amber be able to see the child?  Would she be able to hold her best friend’s baby in her arms?  Amber sighed again.  These long, lonely drives were the hardest.  She could not stop to talk with anyone and wherever she decided to live, she would not be able to make friends.  She had learned that the hard way.  He had made sure of that.
She did not know how he always found her.  She did not even know who he was.  It began about five years ago when Amber started receiving cards and flowers.  A secret admirer signed the notes.  Olivia and she had thought it romantic and fun at first and tried to find out who might be behind the gifts.
Then the sweet gestures tuned into threats towards her friends and coworkers.  Anyone she was close to seemed to be having accidents that seriously injured him or her.  Each time one of her friends was hurt, Amber would receive another letter letting her know her friend's injuries were because of her.  He did not want her to have friends.  He was trying to cut her off from everyone she knew.  The sad thing was it had worked.
Amber started closing herself off from friends and coworkers and even refused to hang around with Olivia afraid of what would happen.  Olivia talked her into going to the police who told Amber there was nothing that could be done unless the person physically harmed her.  Then, Olivia was in a serious car accident that almost took her life.  The note that came next sent Amber on the run.
I warned you and now look what you have done.  If you
go to the cops again I will kill her.  I know what she means 
to you and I will make sure she suffers before I take her life.
Do not cross me again, or else!!

The notes continued only to be signed by a secret admirer leaving Amber with no idea who would be that obsessed with her.  She did not consider herself very pretty.  She had dirty blond hair that never seemed to fix properly, plain green eyes, and a square chin that made her look too stubborn for her own good.  At least that was what her mother would tell her.  She could not understand why any man would want to take her away from her friends.  Nevertheless, she would not allow any more people to get hurt because of her.
Amber went to visit Olivia in the hospital and was there by her bed when she was finally awake.  She could not leave before telling her goodbye.
“I just don’t understand why you think you have to leave,” Olivia said.
“I received another letter, Olivia.  You were not in an accident.  The hit was on purpose.  You were nearly killed because of me and this guy is not going to stop,” Amber responded.  She continued to hold Olivia’s hand as she recited what the note said.
Amber watched the emotions that played across her best friend's face.  Olivia's long, chestnut hair was spread across her pillow.  Her dark brown eyes showed the concern she was feeling for Amber.
“Have you taken the letter to the police,” asked Olivia.  “Surely they will believe you now.  You have actual proof this time.”
“No, Olivia, I will not take a chance that he might really kill you next time.  I'm going away."
"What will you do," Olivia asked looking scared.
"I’m a nurse.  I can get a job almost anywhere and I still have the money mom and dad left me.  I'll be fine.”
Olivia sighed.  “I know you’re right but I am going to miss you so much.  What if that crazy maniac finds you?”
“I’ll be careful.  I will leave in the middle of the night and make sure no one is following me.”  Amber gave a weak smile.  Leaving her best friend and the place she grew up would be almost as hard as losing her parents.
Amber hugged Olivia one last time and went home to try to get a little sleep.  She had already packed, paid all of her bills, rented her house and was ready for whatever lay ahead.  She had the alarm on her phone set to 2 a.m. and hoped whoever was watching her would not realize she was gone until it was too late.
Amber left her small hometown, drove through Georgia, and crossed the Alabama state line.  She had searched online and had seen some job postings at a hospital in Birmingham.  She thought she might be able to get lost in a big city so she would start there.
She was able to find a job and an apartment within a week and settled into her new life quickly.  She waited a month before calling Olivia to let her know where she was and what was happening in her life.
“Oh honey, that is wonderful!  Have you made any friends yet,” Olivia asked.
“No, I am still just settling in and learning my way around.  I'm not used to living in such a large city.  Tell me how you are.  I miss you,” Amber said.
“I’m doing well.  I have been able to go back to work completely healed from the accident.  Everyone is still asking about you,” Olivia told her.
“Please don’t tell them where I am or why I left,” Amber cried.
“No, I wouldn’t do that.  I usually act just as shocked as they are that you just quit and disappeared the way you did.  I will not give that creep any reason to find you.  I just wish I knew who it was."
“I know.  Maybe this will all blow over and I will be able to come back home soon."
“Oh, I almost forgot to tell you.  There is a new person working at the hospital.  He went to school with us."
“Who is he,” asked Amber.
“His name is Patrick Green.  He was in one of our classes in college but he was always so shy.  I don't know if you remember him or not.  That was right after your parents died,” Olivia said.
“I don’t remember much about that first year of college after my parents died.  What about him?” asked Amber.
“Well, he just recently got a job here at the hospital and we have been talking.  He is taking me out tomorrow night.  I am so excited, Amber.  Do you know how long it has been since I have had a date?”
Amber laughed.  “Five months, fourteen days, three hours, and twenty-two minutes.”
Olivia laughed as well.  “Oh, Amber.  I miss you so much.  Please be careful and stay in touch.  I love you.”
“I love you, too.  Good luck on your date.”  Amber hung up the phone and sighed.  She really did miss Olivia.

~

Birmingham, four years earlier

Amber had lived in Birmingham for four months and was really beginning to love the city and the people she worked with.  Most of them were as friendly as those she had worked with in her hometown.  She started to make a few friends and would occasionally go out with a few girls for drinks on Friday night.  
Michelle Hampton and Nicole Oliver were the two women Amber worked with most often.  The three had formed a nice bond that made them friends as well as coworkers.  They would eat lunch together, share stories about themselves, and help each other through their rounds at the hospital.
Nicole and Michelle were close to her own age so it made for an enjoyable work day.  The girls shared many of the same interests.  They had even begun to plan a small vacation together when the weather turned nicer.
She continued to stay in touch with Olivia at least once a week and enjoyed getting updates on the new man in her life.  Olivia and Patrick were really hitting it off and Olivia sounded happy.  Amber was so glad she had someone to turn to now that she could not be there for her.  Olivia assured Amber no one knew she and Amber were keeping in touch and she still had no idea who was stalking her.  There was no one person asking about her any more than the others do.
About six months into her new life, Amber got the note that chilled her spine.  After a twelve hour shift at the hospital, she came home to her small apartment, grabbed her mail, and let herself in.  It was Friday and she and the girls were going out that night.  Amber got a shower, dried her long blond hair, and dressed carefully in an aqua colored shirt that fit snuggly.  She pulled on a pair of white slacks, added a pair of heels the color of her shirt, and applied her makeup.
She enjoyed going out with Michelle and Nicole.  It was her only form of entertainment since moving to Birmingham.  She worked long hours at the hospital and although she was relaxing with her colleagues was still afraid to get too close to anyone.  This was the only luxury she allowed herself.  It had been six months, however, and she was beginning to think that she would be able to get back to normal.  So tonight, she was going to let loose and enjoy herself.  She might even dance with that cute guy who continually asked her out.
Later that evening after a few drinks with the girls, a couple of dances, and some small talk with a tall good-looking guy named Ben; Amber drove home.  Walking up to her apartment, she saw a note taped to her door.  Amber froze.  A chill went down her spine and her heart dropped to her knees.  She knew.  Without even looking, she knew he had found her.
Hand shaking, Amber took the note off the door and opened it.
You thought you could run, but I found you.  I will always 
find you.  You cannot hide from me.  You belong to me
and I will have you.  Your new boyfriend is dead.

Amber crumpled the note, ran into her apartment, and slammed the door.  She was so scared she was unable to sleep that night.
The next morning when she got to the hospital, Michelle and Nicole came running up to her.
“Amber,” Michelle called.  “That guy you danced with last night, Ben, is dead.”
“What,” Amber asked.  “What happened?”
“The police say he lost control of his car last night after an overindulgence of alcohol and crashed into a telephone pole.”
“That’s crazy,” Amber replied.  “He wasn’t drinking.  He told me he just comes to the club to dance.  He never drinks.  He was the designated driver.”
Michelle and Nicole could see the fear in Amber's eyes.
“I know.  I remembered him telling us that.  That's why I thought the whole thing was weird.  But the police say his blood alcohol level was over the legal limit,” Michelle said.
Amber began shaking again.  “I have to go,” she said.
Michelle looked at Amber and asked, “Are you all right?”
“No, I think I am going to be sick,” Amber replied.  “Can you cover for me?”
Michelle nodded and watched Amber walk back to her car.  She turned to Nicole and saw the same worried look mirrored in her eyes she thought must be in her own.  She wondered what had made Amber suddenly turn so pale.  She certainly looked as if she was going to be sick, but she also looked very scared.  Michelle and Nicole walked back into the hospital slowly.  Michelle told the charge nurse that Amber would not be in that morning while Nicole sent up a prayer for her new friend.  Neither had any idea Amber would not be back to work.
~

Present Day, Nashville

Amber came back to herself suddenly.  Remembering that first year of being on the run had her shaking now.  She looked at the clock and saw that it was only five but she was getting so sleepy.  She decided to find a hotel and get some rest before she continued.  Looking around, she realized she was driving through Nashville, Tennessee.  She pulled off on the next exit she came to and stopped at a gas station.  It looked like a decent part of town so after filling up her car she pulled into the Holiday Inn and got a room.  She always made sure she stayed in a hotel where the rooms faced into a hallway and not outside.  She did not want someone breaking in undetected.
Amber pulled her overnight bag out of the car and took the elevator up to her room.  After four years and four moves, she had learned to pack light.  She always kept an overnight bag packed and close.  Since she was a nurse, she wore scrubs to work, which she could buy anywhere.  She could pick up and move within an hour if need be, which is what she had done last night.
Amber walked into the bathroom and turned on the shower.  She had packed and left right after her shift at the hospital and had not taken the time to wash up.  A hot shower and a good night’s sleep would help her focus and get back on track.
After her shower, Amber lay down on the bed and turned on the television.  She needed to calm her mind before falling asleep.  She tried to get the visions of running and being hunted out of her head but she couldn’t seem to escape the memories.  She drifted back to her time in Alabama.

~

Birmingham, Four years earlier

Ben Harrison was tall with thick blond hair and laughing green eyes.  He had been at the club many of the nights she and the girls had gone out.  He had tried to buy her a drink on several occasions but she had turned him down.  However, that night, she had said yes.
After talking with him for a while, Amber allowed Ben to lead her onto the dance floor.  He told stories about his childhood and Amber listened.  She did not go into many details about her own life, but she did promise to dance with him again the next time she was in the club.
She remembered how much fun she had that night.  The three girls left laughing.  Amber had picked up Michelle and Nicole.  The girls each took turns driving on different evenings and that night was her night.  Looking back, she was glad.  She was not sure what the other two would have thought of her reaction upon finding the note on her door, and she was glad she would never have to explain.
After hearing about Ben, Amber knew she would have to leave again.  When she got back to her apartment, Amber called the hospital and told them she was leaving her job.  She began packing her bags being sure to add the note she had found on her door the night before hoping that one day someone would believe her and help find the stalker who continued to manipulate her life.
This time Amber did not care what time she left.  She got in her car and headed south into Florida.  She made several stops, used the interstate and back country roads, and kept driving until she was sure no one was following her.  After driving for ten hours she finally stopped for the night.  She did not dare call Olivia and tell her what had happened.  She would wait a few weeks and then let her know she was alright.
She was unsure how he had found her again but Amber decided not to take any chances.  She took her powder blue BMW that she had splurged on last year, the first big purchase she had ever made, and traded it for a new black Honda Civic.
Next, she drove until she found a place where she could purchase a new cell phone without an annual contract.  Throwing her old phone in the trash, Amber left the store and drove to the nearest hotel.  Looking at a map told her she was close to Jacksonville, Florida, in the small town of Middleburg.  Picking up the local newspaper, she found an ad that told her the local hospital was looking for nursing staff.  Amber thought she would try her luck in this new place and decided to apply for the job after she woke up from a night of much needed rest.
The next morning, freshly showered and dressed in casual business attire, Amber drove to the hospital and located the human resources department.  With a smile on her face, she inquired about the available position and asked for an application.  An older woman with salt and pepper hair, a long beak like nose, and a nasty frown handed her a clipboard without saying a word.  After filing out the forms handed to her by the surly secretary who looked and acted as if she woke up on the wrong side of the bed, Amber decided to drive around the city and get her bearings.
While driving, Amber searched out the fast food restaurants, the grocery stores, and the mall.  She would be unable to cook while staying in a hotel but if she got the job, she could find an apartment.  Amber enjoyed cooking even though it was often only for one.  Her mother had been a wonderful cook and had passed her skills on to her daughter.  Amber thought it would be nice to one day have a husband and some children to cook for.
Later that evening after shopping for a while at the local mall, Amber came back to the hotel to settle in for the night.  She knew it would be a few days before she would hear back from the hospital.  She decided to wait a week and if she did not get a phone call she would try another city.
It would be easier to be on the run if she did not have to work, and technically she didn’t have to.  Her mother and father had left her well situated.  However, Amber needed to work.  She was not the type of person to just lie around reading, watching television, and doing nothing all day.  She loved to work.  She wanted to work.  She enjoyed helping people.  She wanted to bring a smile to a little girl’s face that had just had a bicycle accident.  She wanted to help the old man take his medication whose family never visited him in the hospital.  She liked to bring flowers to her patients and make them laugh.  He would not take that away from her.
Amber sighed as she lay on the bed.  How long would she have to run?  How many people would get hurt because of her?  She again thought of Ben and shuddered.  How had he done it?  How had he killed Ben and made it look like an accident?

He smiled to himself.  He was clever alright.  He had not planned to kill the man dancing with his girl, just hurt him enough so she would know not to cross him.  Nevertheless, his plan had worked too well.  Ben had been drinking coke all evening, but he had learned earlier Ben was a recovering alcoholic.  He simply exchanged his plain coke for a mixed drink, sat back, and watched.  After Amber left, Ben drank the alcohol and got the taste he had been missing.  After that it was easy to make friends and buy him more drinks.  By the time they left the club together, Ben was plastered.  It took skill and coordination, but he was able to jerk the wheel at just the right time to run Ben’s side of the car into the telephone pole.  He felt the impact of the accident himself but it was not the first time he had gotten hurt taking care of an intruder into her life and it probably would not be the last.  Yes, he was clever.  She would not be dancing with Ben anymore.
He knew she would run again.  He was not concerned this time.  He had found her once.  He would find her again.  She would slip up and let him know where she was.  That is how he knew she really wanted him.  She liked to play these games.  But, in the end she would be his.
He had been furious when he lost her the first time.  She had slipped away in the middle of the night.  He had no idea she would run as she did.  He had mistaken how badly she would take it if he went after her best friend.  He would not make that mistake again.  It had taken him a month to put together a plan that would help him find her, but now he had a way of knowing exactly what was going on in her life and a way of monitoring her.  Oh yes, she would let him know where she was.



♥ Chapter 2 ♥


Present Day, Nashville

The next morning Amber threw her overnight bag into the back seat and looked for a place she could get some breakfast and an atlas.  As long as she had been running, she should have already purchased one but she had been staying fairly close to Georgia and simply buying state maps.  This time she would go farther and she would take longer to get there.
Amber pulled over at a pharmacy in downtown Nashville and purchased a road atlas that would get her anywhere in the United States.  She then pulled into a Denny’s, ordered her breakfast, and began thumbing through the atlas.  She had lived in Birmingham, Alabama, for six months, Middleburg, Florida, for a little over a year, Cleveland, Mississippi, for six months, and the last city, where she had been the longest at two years, New Orleans, Louisiana.  She would have to leave the south altogether and hope that he would not follow her if she went further away.
She did not really believe that little lie she was telling herself, but it made her feel better anyway.  By the time her breakfast arrived, Amber had her plans laid out.  She had marked and highlighted a route that would take her east to the coast, south to the gulf, and then west and north to the state of Washington.  That is about as far from Georgia as you can get she thought to herself.  This time, she would not even tell Olivia where she was going.  No one needed to know she was that far away.  Maybe this time she could get lost for good.
As she ate, Amber tried to convince herself she was going on an adventure.  This small town girl was about to travel across the country.  She had already seen some beautiful scenery while driving, but this time she was going to ignore the fact that she was running from a maniacal killer and drive during the day so she could enjoy the beauty of the countryside.  However, she couldn’t help continuing to think about how she ended up here.

~

Middleburg, Three years earlier

Amber waited a week for the call from the hospital in Middleburg, Florida.  She was just about to give up and drive into Jacksonville, when her new cell phone rang for the first time.
“Hello,” she answered quickly.
“May I speak with Amber Curtis,” asked a sour voice on the other end of the line.  It sounded like the same woman Amber had handed her resume and application to at the hospital that day.
“This is she,” Amber replied as politely as she could.
“I understand you are applying for the position we have open for a nurse on the third floor of the hospital.  Is that correct?”
“Yes, I am,” replied Amber.
“We would like for you to come in for an interview this afternoon at two,” said the surly voice.
“Sure,” said Amber.  “I will be there.”
Before Amber could say bye she heard the phone click indicating the surly voice had hung up on her.
Amber dressed carefully in a business suite she had bought at the local mall in case she got the call for an interview.  She wore navy blue slacks with a navy and white striped blouse.  She had found a pair of navy, strappy sandals that complimented the outfit perfectly.  She pulled a long gold chain out of her overnight bag.  She would never depart with it.  On the end of the chain hung a locket with a picture of her parents on one side and a picture of her on the other.  Her parents had given it to her for her high school graduation.  Just four short months before the accident that had taken them from her.
After applying her makeup and assuring herself she looked competent and professional, Amber drove to the hospital for her interview.  Meeting the sour faced lady at the reception desk and explaining why she was there, Amber was told to wait in the lobby and someone would be with her shortly.  Thankful it wasn’t the secretary, Amber walked to a chair and picked up a magazine.
Three hours later, Amber left the hospital with a smile on her face.  She had been given the job and was taken on a tour of the hospital.  She had met the other nurses she would be working with.  All of them had seemed friendly and the hospital was one she would be proud to work in.
Amber headed back to the hotel to get some sleep.  She would be starting her shift in two days and would have to go shopping the next day for scrubs to wear to work.  The hospital had given her a list of the colors she was allowed to choose from and the place where they prefer the nurses buy from.

After six months, Amber was still having a hard time settling into her new home.  She had found a nice apartment where she felt comfortable but she was afraid to get close to her neighbors.  She enjoyed her job and genuinely like most of the women she worked with but was afraid they thought she was unfriendly.  She could not tell them why she did not want to be friends with any of them.
Amber had called Olivia a couple of weeks after settling into her new apartment and told her what had happened in Birmingham.  Olivia was so distraught over the news she vowed to hunt down and gut the creep for the pain he had caused.  Amber laughed and Olivia begged her to keep in touch.
One night, after her shift at the hospital, Amber went home and climbed into a hot shower.  Afterwards, she grabbed a glass of wine and her cell phone and plopped down on the couch she had bought three weeks ago for her new apartment.  Amber had finally decided to decorate her apartment and make it as homey as possible even though she knew she might have to leave it all behind.  She looked around at the touches she had added.
Amber was not a frivolous person by nature so most of her purchases had come from discount stores or thrift stores, but she was happy with the end result.  Because she lived in an apartment her walls were the color of mud, but she had added pictures and shelves to cover up the ugly color.  With pillows and curtains she had added blues and yellows to her living room, making it feel light and airy.  She especially liked one lamp she had found for a dollar.  It had a glass base and the lamp shade had a swirly pattern of blues and yellows that exactly matched the other colors she had already picked up for her home.  You cannot beat a bargain like that, she had thought as she purchased the lamp.
She had found the couch she was sitting on at a discount store and it had been marked down to fifty dollars.  She could not believe she had found such a bargain.  The couch was navy in color and after adding yellow throw pillows, it blended in nicely with the other furnishing she had chosen.  Her living room was sparsely furnished, but it was comfortable for her.  She hoped she would be able to stay a little while.
She picked up her cell and dialed Olivia’s number.  She waited as it rang, still looking around and smiling to herself.  She was excited to hear Olivia's voice on the other end.
“AMBER!!!” yelled Olivia.  “I am so glad to hear from you.  How are you?”
“I’m good,” Amber said.  “How are you, Olivia.”
“I’m good.  I was just getting ready to go to dinner.”
“Oh, don’t let me keep you,” Amber said.  “I can call back another time.”
“Don’t be silly.  Dinner can wait.  It isn’t every day I get to talk to you.  I miss you, Amber.”
“I miss you, too,” Amber replied.  "Who are you having dinner with?"
"Patrick is taking me out.  Can you believe we've been dating for more than a year now? He is really wonderful to me, Amber.  I wish you could meet him."
"I do too, Liv.  I'm sorry I can't be there to share in these good times with you."
“What’s wrong, Amber.  I can tell something isn't right.  Please tell me that creep hasn’t shown up again.”
“No, no.  I’m just sad and lonely, but I'll be fine.”
Olivia sighed.  “You haven’t made any friends have you?”
“No,” Amber answered.  “I’m afraid to Liv.  As soon as I do that creep will hurt someone.  I can’t be responsible for that.  But I am so lonely.”
“I know, honey.  Hey.  I have some vacation time saved up.  Why don’t we go somewhere, just the two of us like we used to do?”
“That sounds wonderful; Liv, but I can’t take the chance.  That guy almost killed you, remember.  I love you too much to put you in that kind of danger.  As soon as I think this creep is gone, we will take that vacation together,” Amber said.
“Okay, Amber.  But please be careful.  Talk with you next week?”
“Absolutely, I always look forward to our chats.”
As Amber hung up the phone she felt the tears start to slide down her cheeks.  She missed her hometown, she missed her best friend, and most of all she missed her parents.  She did not even have the comfort of visiting their graves like she used to do before she left Alma.
Amber drank the rest of her wine and went on to bed.  She was feeling depressed and she decided to lie down and have a good cry.  She would feel better when she woke up the next day.

When Amber passed the nine-month mark in Middleburg, she began to wonder if the person who was stalking her had given up or if she was actually free of him.  She slowly began to get comfortable again and started to accept when the other women invited her to lunch.
One morning, Whitney, a pretty nurse with raven black hair and dark brown eyes, came hobbling down the hall on crutches.  Amber’s heart sunk.  Please, God, no.  Please tell me he hasn’t found me again, she silently prayed.
“Girl, what happened to you,” Natasha asked Whitney.
Whitney’s face turned a bright red as she told the story of how she twisted her ankle the night before.  “My boyfriend and I were acting goofy and he was chasing me around the house.  I ran down the stairs and slipped on a rug and took a hard fall.”
The other nurses laughed and cracked jokes while Whitney took it all in good-natured fun.  Amber breathed a sigh of relief, but it was a quick reminder of the stalker in her life.
“Can you imagine explaining to Dr. Wright how I injured myself,” Whitney asked.  The girls laughed again and headed back to work.  Amber patted Whitney on the shoulder and went to do her rounds.  She was so thankful it was a simple accident, all in fun, that had injured Whitney and not the work of the crazed stalker that had plagued her life.
The more Amber relaxed the more she allowed herself to go out with the other nurses she worked with.  Some of them were married, some were single, and a couple of them had kids.  Most of them had known each other since they were children so they were a pretty tight-knit group.  Nevertheless, they always made her feel comfortable around them and genuinely seemed to want to be her friend.  Amber’s personality refused to let her continue to hold them at bay and she slowly became friends with each of them.
She enjoyed going to lunch with Whitney and learned the ankle accident was not the only one she had since dating her boyfriend.  Apparently, Whitney was a little accident prone and her boyfriend and she could end up in some kinky situations.  Dr. Wright did not even bat an eye at the ankle injury or the cause behind it.
Eventually, she started going out at night with some of the single nurses as well.  For three months she laughed, made friends, went to dinner, and even met a male nurse who was interested in her.
She began to think her stalker had moved on to another target and though she felt sorry for the new object of his desires was thankful it was no longer her.  Little did she know how wrong she was.
The notes started shortly after she had been in Middleburg for a year.  The first came in the mail.
Sorry I have been ignoring you lately my sweet but never
fear, I have not given up on our love.  You are mine and I know
you will remember that always.  I see you have made new
friends although you know how dangerous that is.  I would
hate to have to hurt one of those pretty nurses.  Now be a 
good girl and watch your step or I might get jealous of the 
the time they are spending around you.  And don’t think
I don’t know about the male slut sniffing around you.  Get
rid of him or I will.

Amber sat on her couch shaking and began to cry.  Why was he doing this to her?  She did not know who this person was or what he wanted with her.  She could not even ask him.
She wiped her tears and decided this time she was not leaving.  She liked it here.  She would just have to be more careful.  The girls would not understand her rejections to dinner and lunch but she could still be friendly at work.  Surely this maniac would not begrudge her that.
Amber stayed another month and continued to work at the hospital in Middleburg though she was careful not to be overly friendly to anyone.  The other nurses did get their feelings hurt when she began turning down invitations to go out.  However, Amber was more concerned about their lives than their hurt feelings.
Josh Stinson, a male nurse on the first floor, continued to try to pursue her but she turned him down.  The notes continued to come, some by mail, some hand delivered that told her he was there, watching her.  She had finally decided she had to leave.  This time she would at least give notice to the hospital.
Amber talked with the administration, handed in her notice to leave, and once again began packing her bags.  She was at home packing when she heard a knock on her door.  Heart in her throat, cell phone in hand, Amber looked out of the peep hole and saw Josh.  Breathing a sigh of relief, she opened the door.
Josh was slightly taller than she was and worked out religiously.  He had dark brown hair and the most brilliant green eyes.  Most of the nurses at the hospital would sigh as he walked by.  Many of the single female patients and even a few married ones tried relentlessly to catch his attention.  Her coworkers did not understand why she would not go out with him.
“Hey, Josh,” she said as the door swung open.
“Hey yourself,” Josh replied.  “I heard you were quitting and moving out of town.”
“Yeah, I, uh, got another job offer and decided to take it,” she lied.
“Oh.  I thought maybe you were leaving because I was pushing you to go out with me,” Josh said.
“No, Josh.  It’s not that,” she quickly assured him.  “I’m just ready for a change of scenery.  That’s all.”
Amber felt bad for lying to Josh.  He was such a nice person and at any other time in her life she would be attracted to him.  However, she didn’t want to see him hurt because of her.
“Can I come in,” Josh asked as he continued to stand awkwardly in the hallway of her apartment building.
Amber held the door open.  “Sure,” she said.
Josh came in, surveyed the packing boxes, and asked if she had eaten yet.  Amber shook her head.
“Why don’t I order some take out and I can help you move some of these boxes,” Josh asked.
Amber smiled.  “That would be great.  Thanks.”
A couple of hours later Josh and Amber had finished all of her packing and had her car loaded.  “So, you heading out in the morning,” Josh asked.
“I think so.  The hospital said I could stop by and get my final check after ten, so I will probably hit the road after that,” Amber said.
“Well, good luck, Amber, with your new job.  I sure wish you were staying,” Josh said.
Josh gave her a hug and walked to his car.  He waved to her as he drove out of the apartment complex.  Amber could feel the tears in her eyes.  She decided to call Olivia since it would be awhile before she would be able to talk with her again.
As the phone rang, Amber wiped her eyes with the back of her hand.
“Hello,” Olivia answered.
“Hey Livy,” Amber sniffled.
“Hey honey.  What’s wrong,” Olivia asked.
Amber had not told Olivia what had been happening for the past month.  She let it all spill as she cried out her problems to her best friend.  “I don’t know if I can keep doing this, Liv.  I hate moving, leaving, and starting all over.  And Josh is really cute and actually interested in me, and I was making friends and living a normal life.”  Amber continued on in never ending sentences as she hiccupped her way through her latest issues with the maniac stalking her.
“Amber,” Olivia barked.  Amber stopped talking.  “Honey, listen to me.  You are the bravest, strongest person I know.  You will make it through this.  And one day you will find someone who will be willing to help you out of this situation.”  Olivia continued to talk to Amber in soothing tones reassuring her and trying to get her mind off her stalker.
The girls talked about the adventure Amber was having while getting to live in different places and meet new people.  When Olivia finally heard Amber laugh she knew her friend was going to be alright.
“So where is Mr. Handsome who keeps taking you out for romantic dinners and keeping stars in your eyes,” Amber asked.
“He is out of town right now,” Olivia answered.  “His aunt is sick and she is elderly and lives by herself.  He took some time off work to take care of her.  He said he wasn’t sure how long he would be gone.  Isn’t he wonderful to want to help take care of his aunt that way?”
“You definitely met a good man, Livy.  I am so happy for you,” Amber stated.
“I know.  I never thought I could be this happy.  He really is wonderful to me.  I hate that you and he have not been able to meet.  The two most important people in my life should know each other,” Olivia said.
“I agree.  Maybe we can all get together some day,” Amber replied.
“Oh, Amber.  I almost forgot to tell you with all of the craziness going on.  I am getting married!  Maybe you can meet him then.  I want you to be there.  You have to be my maid of honor.”
“Olivia, that’s wonderful!!  I am so happy for you,” Amber cried.
“Please say you will come.  I need you,” Olivia begged.
“I will be there, Livy, but I can’t be your maid of honor.  I want to, really, but I dare not risk it.  No one needs to know I am there other than you,” Amber said.
“I understand,” Olivia replied.  “I will let you know the date as soon as we set it so you can make plans.”
The girls talked for another hour about wedding dresses, colors, and flowers.  When Olivia was sure Amber was no longer thinking about her stalker, she talked about the plans Amber had made and where she was going next.  Eventually, the girls were talked out.  Amber promised to keep in touch after she got settled into her new home in another town before the girls hung up the phone.
Amber sighed and took herself off to bed.  Tomorrow she would pick up her check and head to another place.  She was not yet sure where she would go, but she would settle somewhere.

He was seething inside.  He had warned her.  Yet he saw her hug him and smile at him.  She would regret that.  The nurse would not because he would be dead.  But she would know.  She would know the nurse was dead because of her.  He would make sure of that.  He left her apartment and followed the small red car the nurse had been driving.  Trying to calm himself, he continued to follow his victim.  He had to think.  It must look like an accident.  If he lost control, he would make a mistake.  He could not afford to make any mistakes.  Still seething, he saw his opportunity when he passed a sign indicating a sharp curve ahead.  Speeding up, he started to pass the small red car and then jerked the wheel back into the lane.  The small red car missed the curve and turned over in a ditch.  He smiled and kept on going.

The next morning, Amber went to the hospital to pick up her check.  She had loaded the last of her things into her car, made sure her overnight bag was in the front seat beside her, and filled her tank up with gas. Smiling at the thought of Josh giving her a hand last night, Amber stepped through the doors of the hospital.  She had decided to stop and give her coworkers a hug goodbye and say thank you to Josh before she left.
Amber headed up to the third floor to talk to her friends one last time.  She saw Whitney and smiled at her.  “I just stopped to tell you all bye,” Amber said.  “I really enjoyed working with all of you.”
Whitney smiled.  “I enjoyed working with you too.  Be careful on your trip.”
“I will,” Amber said.  “Have you seen Josh today?  I wanted to tell him thank you.  He came over last night and helped me load boxes into my car.”
Whitney’s face fell.  “I guess you haven’t heard.  Josh was in a terrible accident last night.  He is in critical condition.  They said he may not make it.”
“What happened,” Amber asked.
“I’m not sure,” Whitney said.  “They said he missed a sharp curve and his car flipped.  He had been laying there for some time before anyone discovered him.”
Amber clutched her stomach and slowly backed away from Whitney.  “I…I…I’ll go check on him before I leave,” Amber stammered.  Whitney watched her walk away.
Amber did not stop at Josh’s room.  She knew what had happened.  She did not want to see the proof.  She picked up her check and ran to her car as fast as she could.  She had to leave now.  This time the note was taped to her car door.  It was short, simple, and written in red.
I warned you.



♥ Chapter 3 ♥


Present Day, Nashville

Amber came back to herself when the waitress asked her if she needed more coffee.  Amber shook her head and picked up her check.  Leaving a tip on the table, she gathered up her atlas and purse and went to pay her bill.
From several tables away Derek Stevenson watched as Amber paid for her breakfast and left the restaurant.  He quickly paid his own bill and followed her to the parking lot.  She had been lost in thought and had not noticed him watching her.
Derek worked for the FBI and had followed Amber since she left New Orleans.  She did not look like a serial killer, but the bodies were definitely piling up wherever she went.  He had studied her while she was eating.  Her long, blond hair framed her face and brushed back over her shoulders and down her back like a waterfall.  She had beautiful green eyes that seemed to be watching everything and everyone when she wasn’t lost in thought.  He did not miss the play of emotions across her face as she sat daydreaming during her breakfast.  At one point, he felt the urge to somehow wipe the sadness from her eyes.  He shook himself.  She was a criminal, on the run.  He had to bring her in.
Derek climbed into his car and prepared for several more hours of following Amber.  He would watch and observe until he saw some sign of the killer they were after.  He watched her back out of the parking space and pull onto the road that would lead back to the interstate.  Keeping a slow pace and staying far enough back, Derek made sure she would not see him.
Following her was not easy.  She had obviously done this before.  He had almost lost her twice already.  She took the interstate part of the way then pulled off on random back roads.  She would go one direction then another.  It was as if she was trying to be sure no one was following her, which was odd since he was sure no one else was.
He had finally had to put a tracking device on her car when she stopped for the night at the hotel.  Not sure if she would actually stay all night, Derek didn’t get any sleep himself.  He was used to going for days at a time with no sleep when tracking a suspect and this time would be no different.  Except this time the suspect did not act like a criminal.  She acted as though she were being chased by an unseen enemy.  He would have to think on that later.

Unaware of being followed, Amber continued to stick to her plan.  She left Nashville and headed east to the coast of South Carolina.  She decided to spend a couple of days on the ocean.  She would take her time getting to Washington.  She followed the interstate for an hour then found a back road through some little country towns.  Again her thoughts turned to running from Middleburg, Florida.

Cleveland, Mississippi, Two Years Earlier

Amber decided to go to Mississippi when she left Florida.  She prayed Josh would recover fully and vowed she would not get close to anyone else.  She would find a job where she did not have to communicate with people.  She did not know how, but she would cut herself off from becoming friends with anyone else who could get hurt.
She drove until she needed gas again and found she was in the small town of Cleveland, Mississippi.  After filing up, she drove around and decided she would stay for a while.  Amber found a hotel and checked in.  She found a local paper and began the job search.  Maybe a third shift job in the emergency room would keep her too busy to communicate with anyone.
As luck would have it, there was an opening in the emergency room of the local hospital.  She would apply and see if she could get the third shift.  She would not make friends and she would keep to herself.
Amber settled into her new routine at the local hospital, found her an apartment, and stayed to herself.  After a couple of weeks she called Olivia to update her.
Olivia was knee deep in wedding plans and sounded blissfully happy.  The date was just a few months away and she really wanted Amber to be there.  Amber assured Olivia she wouldn’t miss it for the world.
Amber did not like living in Cleveland or the hospital she worked in.  It was dirty and outdated.  She felt stuck in a backwoods town and it was easy not to make friends as everyone treated her like an outsider who had no business settling in their town.  She considered moving again but if her stalker didn’t know where she was, she would need stay for now.
Amber continued to keep in touch with Olivia and get updates on the wedding.  They talked almost every day now.  Amber would go in for her shift at the hospital, come home and sleep, then call Olivia when she knew she would be home.  She wished she could be there, helping her pick out her dress, looking at flowers.  She even wished she was wearing one of the ridiculous bridesmaids dresses Olivia had picked out.
The girls laughed and cried together as the date of the wedding crept closer.  Amber had already taken time off work and had her things packed and ready to go.  She had reservations at a hotel in Atlanta.  She would not stay too close to Alma.  She could not risk being recognized by anyone who might know her.  She was wearing a wig and makeup she wouldn’t normally wear and the wedding would be outside so she would be able to wear sunglasses to hide part of her face.
The only person Amber talked to in Cleveland was the local convenience store clerk where she often gassed up her car.  It was the only time, other than when she talked with Olivia, when she would laugh or smile.  The man would often tell her some funny joke as she was paying for her purchases.  She did not even know his name.
One evening, just a couple of weeks before the wedding, she called Olivia.  When her friend answered the phone, Amber instantly sensed something was wrong.  She could hear it in Olivia's voice.
“Hey girl.  How’s the blushing bride to be,” asked Amber, putting an extra smile in her voice.
“I’m good, but my groom to be has run off again,” Olivia responded.
“What do you mean, ran off,” asked Amber.
“His aunt has taken a turn for the worse and he went to be with her again.  He assures me he will be home in time for the wedding but I’m worried,” said Olivia.
Amber thought a minute before replying.  “Olivia, do you love this man with all your heart?”
“Yes,” whispered Olivia.
“Then you have got to trust him.  This is a good thing he is doing for an elderly lady with no family but him.  I know it is bad timing, but she needs him, and if he loves you the way you love him he will move heaven and earth to be there on your wedding day.”
“You’re right, Amber.  And I do trust him.  It's just that there is still so much to do and I'm just a jittery, nervous mess.  I'll get over it before the wedding gets here,” said Olivia.
“No you won’t,” laughed Amber.  But I will be there for you as soon as I can.
Olivia talked some more about her fiancé's aunt.  She told Amber about the couple of times she had been to visit the dear lady.  She had liked her instantly.  She and Patrick had tried to talk his aunt into coming to live with them, but the lady refused to leave her home of fifty years.
"I hope for Patrick's sake she pulls out of this.  That lady means the world to him.  He is never the same when he comes home from a visit with her," Olivia said.
The girls talked for another hour before hanging up and Amber got ready for her shift at the hospital.  After leaving her apartment, she pulled into the convenience store, gassed up her car, and grabbed a drink and snack for the late hours at the hospital.  She laughed and shook her head as the attendant told his daily make the customers smile joke.  They were always so corny she couldn't help but laugh.
Later that evening an ambulance came screaming into the emergency room with a burn victim.  As the paramedics unloaded the patient onto the hospital bed, Amber began an IV in his hand.  She listened as the paramedic filled them in on what happened.
“He was found at the local gas station.  One of the pumps blew up and caught the building on fire.  The guy was trapped in one of the store rooms before the firefighters were able to pull him out,” said the paramedic.
Amber lost her train of thought.  She dropped the needle she was holding as she took a closer look.  It was the same man who told her jokes when she checked out.  Was the fire an accident or purposefully set?  Her hand started to shake.  Amber ran to the bathroom and began throwing up her dinner.
Was he back?  Had her stalker found her again?  If so, why would he go after that poor man?  He was no one.  Just a clerk in a convenience store.
Telling no one, Amber left the hospital and jumped into her car.  She went straight to her apartment and sure enough, there was a note taped to her door.  She yanked the paper down and hands shaking began to read.
You can run my pretty, but you cannot hide from me.
I will find you where ever you go and I will kill any man
who dares to flirt with you.

Amber crumpled up the paper and ran into her apartment.  She began packing immediately and within an hour she was on the road again.  This time she decided to go on to Atlanta and stay until after the wedding.  Then she would decide what to do from there.

He laughed as he watched her crumble the note he left for her.  Such temper, such spirit; one day he would break that spirit.  The last kill had been the easiest.  Spilt gasoline on the ground and a lit cigarette took care of the gas station attendant easily.  Of course, locking the store room door ensured the man would be unable to escape the inferno he had created.  He was still smiling an hour later when she pulled out of the apartment building.  He could tell by the way she was driving that she was running again.  She was making it easy for him to follow this time.  Well, he would see where she led him.

Amber cried as she watched her best friend walk down the aisle to the man waiting at the altar.  Strange, she did not remember Patrick Green.  He was a small man standing only five foot eight inches tall.  He had mousy brown hair and light brown eyes.  He wasn’t the type of man to stand out in a crowd with his shy personality and his less than attractive features.  Nevertheless, she could see why Olivia was in love with him.  Patrick doted on Olivia.  He was the perfect gentleman.  He opened the door for her, pulled out her chair, and even ordered for her.  He made her feel like a queen.  Amber was not crazy about the man Olivia had fallen for but she was happy for her friend.
When Amber got to Atlanta, she called Olivia to let her know she was in town.  They made plans to meet for dinner a few days later and Olivia hoped Patrick would be home in time to meet Amber before the wedding.
As it turned out, Patrick made it home the next day and Olivia was ecstatic.  She was excited for Amber and Patrick to meet.  Olivia was so in love and happy, Amber kept her true feelings about Patrick to herself.  He made Olivia happy and that was all that mattered.
Now Olivia was glowing as she married the man standing next to her.  In a few hours they would leave for their honeymoon and Amber would be alone and on the run once more.  Amber closed her eyes and listened as her best friend promised to love and obey the man of her dreams.



♥ Chapter 4 ♥


Present Day, Myrtle Beach

Amber pulled over to take a look at the beach.  She had been driving for several hours and had only stopped for gas.  She was hungry and tired but the smell of the ocean and the sound of the crashing waves lifted her spirits.  Myrtle Beach was pretty much deserted this time of year but it would be perfect for her.
She watched as the waves crashed against the sand and rolled back into the ocean as if playing a game.  Catch me if you can; she could almost hear them taunting.  She felt the wind blowing through her hair and could taste the salt in the air.  She sighed in relief as she felt some of the pent up stress leave her body.  She needed this.
She got back in her car and looked for a beachfront hotel.  She wanted a room with a balcony that overlooked the ocean.  She would splurge a little this time since it had been some time since she had gone anywhere or done anything fun.
After settling into her room, Amber left to find a place to eat.  She had not eaten since she left Denny’s that morning.  Pulling into a steak place, Amber climbed out of her car and went inside.  Early October was not the best time for tourism, so the restaurant, usually packed and overflowing during the season, was almost deserted.  Amber was seated in a corner booth where she ordered a glass of wine.  As she sipped her wine, Amber looked over the menu and decided to have a steak and lobster tail.
Settling himself into another booth, Derek silently complimented Amber’s choice.  He could go for a large steak and a baked potato.  Placing his own order for a beer and a steak, Derek sat back and watched.  She sure was a pretty thing.  Derek shook his head.  What was he thinking?  He had never thought that way about any other fugitive he had hunted.  But then he had never chased a pretty, little blond female before either.  He would have to quit noticing.
Unaware she was being watched, Amber continued eating.  The steak was done just right and the lobster tail was perfection.  It had been so long since she’d had a dinner like this.  Finishing her wine, Amber smiled.  Olivia would love this place.  Too bad she could not call and let her know she was here.  Olivia was due any day now anyway so it would not matter if Amber were able to call her.  Olivia could not meet her.
Amber asked the waitress for another glass of wine and thought back to Olivia’s wedding.

Atlanta, Two Years Ago

After congratulating her friend and sending her off on her honeymoon, Amber drove back to her Atlanta hotel and readied herself to move again.  Once more, she must decide where she would go and what to do when she arrived.  She simply could not take another person being killed because of her.
She popped a sleeping pill and lay down to get some rest before the long drive the next morning.  Amber had found using an over the counter sleep aid helped to keep the memories and her thoughts at bay.  In the morning, she would eat a good breakfast and hit the road.
After driving for seven hours the next morning, Amber found herself near New Orleans.  She decided to try her luck there and took the exit leading into the city.  Marveling at the beautiful architecture of the old buildings, Amber almost ran a few red lights.  Laughing at herself, she got out and began walking down the streets.  She had read books and heard stories about this glorious city and now she would be living here.
For the first time since she left her hometown, Amber was looking forward to living in a brand new place.  She hoped she could find an apartment in one of these older buildings with the French architecture.
After walking down the streets for a couple of hours, Amber made her way back to her car and found a hotel right in the heart of the city she had been admiring.  She decided to go to bed early and take another tour in the morning.  Surely she would be able to find work here.
The next morning Amber ate a good breakfast, grabbed a newspaper, and started walking once more.  It wasn’t long before she came to the medical district.  Walking into the hospital she quickly found the listings for needed personnel.  Luckily there was a posting for a third shift nurse in the emergency room.  She knew she was less likely to make friends if she took that position, so once again, Amber found herself filling out an application.  She was very thankful for her nursing skills that allowed her to be able to work just about anywhere.
Amber walked back to her room at the hotel and settled down with the newspaper.  She decided she would start the apartment search immediately this time.  She wouldn’t sign a lease until she knew she had the job, but she was fairly confident.
~

Present Day, Myrtle Beach

Amber came back to herself.  She had been staring into her wine and reliving her time in New Orleans.  The maniac had left her alone for two years.  She was feeling confident and back in control of her life.  She was no longer looking over her shoulder.  And when Jesse Chunn asked her for a date, she said yes.
She should have known better.  Why was this creep still following her? She just did not understand.  But she knew when they pulled Jesse’s car up from the cliff that he had found her again.  She didn’t wait this time.  She left in the middle of the night with just her overnight bag and the evidence she had been collecting over the past four years.  She did not take time to pack.
She left a note and money for her landlord to finish the month’s rent.  She didn’t go to the hospital, give notice, or collect her check.  She just ran.
Amber collected herself, took another sip of wine, and decided to put the past behind her.  This time she would go so far, hopefully he wouldn’t find her.  She thought about changing her name and just getting lost completely.  That would mean cutting Olivia out of her life as well.  Could she do that?  She wasn’t sure but she might have to.  Somehow this guy always knew how to find her.
Amber finished her wine, paid the check, and drove back to the hotel.  She had booked the room for three nights.  She would rest a little before disappearing completely.  She would be careful not to talk to or smile at anyone, but she would enjoy a mini vacation before starting her journey again.
Alone in her room, Amber sat on her balcony and listened to the waves crash on the sand.  Tears streaming down her eyes, she lifted the locket her parents had given her, and thought about where she would be now if not for that fatal crash so long ago.
“Oh, mom,” she whispered.  “I miss you both so much.  I wish you were here with me now.  You would know just what to say to make everything all better.”
Amber curled up on the chair and silently cried herself to sleep.

Alone in the next room, Derek listened to Amber move around the room until he heard the sliding glass and knew she was sitting on the balcony.  He thought about how he had become involved with this case.
“Hey Derek.  I've got a new case for you,” Tom Franks, Derek’s boss, said as he laid a file on his desk.  “Seems Mississippi is asking for some help solving an arson investigation.”
“That right,” replied Derek.  “Since when do we get involved with arson?”
“Since the attendant on duty at the time was locked in the store room before the explosion,” explained Tom.
Derek whistled low.  “That’s cold.  Someone locked the guy in then set the fire?”
“Looks that way,” Tom replied as he walked out of Derek’s office.  He knew he was handing this case over to one of his best agents and no further explanations or instructions would be necessary.  He would leave it in Derek’s capable hands now.
Derek thumbed through the file, made a few phone calls, and then left his office.  Running home to grab his overnight bag he always had ready, Derek left his home in Washington, D.C., and drove down to Cleveland, Mississippi, to speak to the authorities involved in the case.  What he found led him further than he would have believed.
The local police had found video surveillance of customers coming and going from the convenience store for the past year.  After looking at the footage, one woman continued to stand out.  She showed up for the first time about six months before the explosion.  She seemed standoffish and quiet each time she came in.  After about a month, the store clerk was able to get a smile out of her.  The routine was the same for the next few months.  She would come into the store, make eye contact with no one, but leave smiling when the store clerk said something to her.
They knew about the jokes the clerk liked to tell from other customers.  Many said he just enjoyed making people laugh.  The police had interviewed all of the regulars except this one woman.  She seemed to have disappeared.  After showing her picture on the local news, several employees from the local hospital identified her as Amber Curtis.
After talking with the hospital administration, Derek discovered Amber had walked out on her shift at the hospital about the same time the gas station attendant was brought in with severe burns.  She was never seen in Cleveland again after that night.
Derek had human resources make a copy of Amber’s application for him to look over.  After reading her references, he made inquiries at the other hospitals she had worked.  It seemed she had left a notice at the first hospital she worked at and the one in Middleburg, Florida, but had left just as suddenly from the Birmingham hospital as she had left Cleveland.  Finding that odd, Derek decided to look into Amber Curtis further.
Making the decision to work backward, Derek drove to Middleburg to see if any other accidents had happened there like the one in Cleveland.  He discovered that a male nurse by the name of Josh Stinson had died six months earlier after flipping his car over in a ditch.  The car accident coincided with Amber Curtis’ notice to leave the hospital.
Coworkers described her as fun and friendly part of the time she worked with them and cautious and guarded the rest of the time.  Whitney Levi, one of the nurses Amber had worked with told him of the day she left and that she had asked about Josh.
Video surveillance showed a pale faced Amber leaving the hospital shortly after hearing the news without stopping to check on Josh.  Derek noted this and continued his investigation.  He found Josh’s car in an old junk yard and had it towed to Jacksonville to be checked out thoroughly by the crime lab.  Josh’s death looked like an accident but he had his suspicions.
Derek continued on to Birmingham to investigate while he waited for the lab to get back to him with their conclusion of the accident that took Josh Stinson’s life.  Finding a hotel and settling in for the evening, Derek reviewed the information he had obtained so far.  It seemed, everywhere this chic landed, someone had an accident.  And there was no doubt it was supposed to look like an accident.
What Derek did not understand was Amber continued to use her real name as she traveled from place to place.  Did she think she was that clever that she would never get caught or was she just that stupid?  Well, he was on to her now, so if she didn’t change tactics, he would be able to track her easily.
The next morning Derek met with several of Amber’s coworkers from the hospital in Birmingham.  All were surprised to find her gone after the day she had run off.  One of her coworkers, Michelle Hampton, told Derek about the young man at the club who had danced with Amber then turned up dead the next day.  She told him how weird the whole situation seemed to be since Ben did not drink yet he had been found drunk at the scene of the accident.
Derek noted everything Michelle said and then checked in with the police who had investigated the accident.  They confirmed Michelle’s story that Ben had been drunk.
“It was just another drunk driver hitting a telephone pole,” the investigating officer explained.
“I’m not so sure,” replied Derek.
He showed the officer his file and what he had discovered so far.  “I would like to take a look at the car if possible, have the crime scene techs take a good look at it.”
The officer nodded and told Derek where he could locate the vehicle Ben was driving.  Derek had it sent to Jacksonville as well since the other car was already with that lab.  He called to see if they had made any progress so far.
“We found some paint transfer from another vehicle on Stinson’s car,” the tech said.  “We set up a simulation of what we believe happened from the damage noted on the car.  I’ll send you the file so you can see for yourself.”
“Thanks man.  I appreciate it,” Derek replied as he hung up the phone.
A few minutes later, Derek’s phone indicated a video message.  He opened and watched the simulation the CSI tech had sent.  It showed a small black car following a small red car.  As the vehicles came to a sharp curve, the black car passed the red car barely tapping the right front fender.  The red car braked and swerved missing the curve.  This caused the red car to flip over into the steep ditch and the driver to slam his head into the steering wheel.  This is what had caused Josh Stinson to lose his life.
Derek shook his head.  She was clever alright.  The authorities had assumed this was an accident but the paint transfer proved someone had run Josh off the road on purpose.
He still did not understand it.  Was she some sort of black widow?  If a man got to close did she try to get rid of them by causing accidents?  The fire at the gas station had not been an accident.  That man had been brutally murdered.  Someone had locked the door on purpose.  Was she really that cold and calculating?
He had been getting mixed reviews on Amber Curtis.  It was almost as if she had two different personalities.  Once she warmed up to people she was fun and caring.  Patients described her as a wonderful nurse in tune to their every need.  Coworkers described her as hard to get to know.  But once she let her guard down, that is how they put it, she was friendly and outgoing.  None described her as someone who would murder several people in cold blood.
Derek’s next stop was Amber’s hometown of Alma.  He was careful here.  He did not want to alert anyone that Amber was under investigation.  He couldn’t take the chance that someone still kept in touch with her and would let her know he was asking about her.
Derek researched Amber’s records and learned of her parent’s death.  He also discovered a straight A student and a hard working nurse whom everyone he came in contact with loved, respected, and missed.
While digging though, Derek also found out about a number of questionable accidents involving many of Amber’s coworkers and friends.  None had been serious enough to kill but one car accident had almost taken the life of Amber’s best friend, Olivia Carnes now Olivia Green.  Before Olivia recovered enough to leave the hospital, Amber had moved to Birmingham.
Something didn’t add up in Derek’s mind.  Why would Amber try to hurt her best friend?  Was Amber behind all of these accidents or was someone framing her?
Derek decided to check in with the lab on Ben Harrison’s car to see what they had found.
“Looks like another set up to me, man,” the tech told Derek.  “I found unknown DNA on the passenger side of the car and on the steering wheel.  There is a possibility someone else was in the car and may have tried to yank the wheel into the telephone pole.  I don’t have anything conclusive because the evidence is too old to properly evaluate, but there was definitely a struggle in that vehicle.”
“Alright, thanks,” Derek replied.  He sighed as he hung up his cell and put it back in his pocket.  The time had come to track down the object of his investigation and see what was really happening.

Derek shook his head.  He had been on this case for a year now and she was finally on the run again.  It had taken a year for the Mississippi authorities to call in the FBI to investigate, another six months to gather all his notes from the places Amber had been, and two more for him to find her in New Orleans.  He had been surprised to learn she had been there over a year and a half with no incidences.
Derek followed her for four more months before she took off again.  This time after the man she was dating took a dive off of a cliff.  He was still waiting on lab reports from his death.  It looked like an accident but he did not believe it for a minute and he had strict instructions for the coroner to be as thorough as possible during the autopsy.  They were to treat it as a murder investigation and he had requested full toxicology reports.
It had been less than forty-eight hours since the mangled body of Jesse Chunn had been pulled up the cliff and the blond beauty next door was vacationing on the ocean.  Derek didn’t know what to make of that.
He decided to wait until in the morning to call the coroner to check the progress of the autopsy.  For now, he would try to get some sleep.  The tracking device on Amber’s car assured him she would not get far if she left again.



♥ Chapter 5 ♥


Amber woke with a start.  She was still sitting on the balcony.  She must have fallen asleep.  She looked at her cell to see what time it was.  2:30.  Amber tried to rub the stiffness from her neck as she stood to go back into her room.  It was calm and peaceful tonight but she did not want to sleep outside.  Besides, she needed to change out of the clothes she had been wearing all day.
Stepping into the bathroom, Amber turned on the hot water and took a quick shower to wash away the day’s grime from traveling.  She slipped into a nightshirt and curled up in the hotel bed.  Having second thoughts about her plans to travel clear across the country, Amber sighed.  She argued with herself.  She had been to four different states since leaving home and none of them was far enough away to keep this maniac at bay.  Her plan was solid.  She had made a good decision.  She would stick to it.
Coming to that conclusion, Amber turned over to go back to sleep.  Only this time, sleep would not come.  Amber crawled out of bed, grabbed one of the paper cups off the bathroom sink, removed the plastic, and filled it with tap water.  She then plodded to her makeup bag and took out the sleeping pills.
Amber hated taking medicines of any kind, especially sleep aids.  However, since Olivia’s accident she had to take them periodically to be able to sleep without seeing all of the people her stalker had hurt or killed because she had gotten too close to them.
Amber walked back to the bed and laid down one more time.  She finally drifted off to sleep thinking about Olivia and the new life growing inside of her.  Would she ever get to meet Olivia’s child?
Several hours later, Amber stretched her way to wakefulness.   She had no plans for today.  She decided to just be lazy.  Amber dressed in a pair of slacks and a button up blouse, slipped on a pair of sandals, and went downstairs to find some breakfast.  The hotel provided a full hot breakfast for its guests daily and Amber decided to take advantage.
Walking into the room, Amber locked eyes with a tall dark headed stranger.  She felt her breath leave her body as if a fist had slammed into her rib cage.  Quickly looking away, Amber walked to the bar and started filling her plate.
It had been so long since she had been attracted to a man.  Jesse had been nice but she wasn’t physically attracted to him.  She had just been ready to go out in male company and enjoy the attentions of a man.  It had been so long since she had been able to have that opportunity. She had mistakenly believed that after two years it would be safe.  Wrong again.
Looking up, Amber found herself looking into blue eyes that she wanted to just get lost in.  The stranger had also stepped up to the bar and was filing another plate with eggs and bacon.
Amber’s hands started to sweat and she thought she might drop the plate she was holding.  She laid her plate back down, switched to a plastic go box and decided to eat in her room.
Avoiding those glorious blue eyes, Amber filled her plate and grabbed some coffee and all but ran to the elevator.  She didn’t have a clue what she would be eating since she hadn’t paid any attention to what she was putting on her plate.  She hoped it was edible.  Oh well, if not she could find a restaurant somewhere.

Derek could have kicked himself.  What in the world made him provoke her like that?  He had been eating his breakfast when he looked up and saw her standing in the doorway.  She looked over at him and stopped.  He could have sworn he saw a flash of appreciation in those brilliant green eyes of hers but she looked away so quickly he couldn’t be sure.
Derek wanted to get closer.  He had already been spotted; there was no sense in hiding now.  He walked over to the bar, picked up a plate, and pretended to fill his again.  He studied her.  She had not yet applied her makeup, but she had flawless skin that didn’t need covering.  Blond hair flowed over her shoulders and down her back.  She carried herself like a queen.
Suddenly, she looked up at him.  This time he saw raw desire in those eyes and he felt himself harden in response.  Before he could turn away, she put her plate back and began filling a plastic one instead.  He almost laughed out loud.  He wondered if she knew she had put gravy on her apples.
Before he could comment, Amber sprinted out of the room.  She was in the elevator faster than he could blink.  “Well, so much for small talk,” he mumbled to himself and walked back to his table.  Derek finished his meal and walked back to his room.

Gravy on her apples?!  You have got to be joking.  She didn’t even remember getting apples or putting gravy on them.  She rolled her eyes at the way she had acted.  Had he seen her pour the gravy over apples?  Well, at least the eggs were edible so she would not starve.  However, she would definitely have to avoid Mr. Good Looking Stranger for the rest of her stay.
After eating, Amber walked out of the hotel and down the strip to see what shops were available.  She picked up a few touristy items and found a book that she would like to read.  Amber walked back to the hotel, dropped off her purchases and took her book down to the beach.
She plopped down on a beach chair and began to read.  Amber loved to read.  She could get lost in the stories and forget for a little while just what was going on in her own life.  She could pretend for a while that all was right in her world.
Amber read for a couple of hours then went back to her room to take a nap.  She wanted to be fully rested before she hit the road again.  She could not help but think of the man she saw earlier that morning and wish she had the nerve to smile and say something witty.
Falling asleep a few minutes later, Amber dreamed about the stranger.  She could see him perfectly.  He stood about six foot three inches, sculpted as if he had been carved out of stone.  She assumed he must work out on a daily basis to stay that fit.  He had black hair and dreamy, blue eyes, the color of the deep part of the ocean outside her balcony door.  She wanted to touch him.  Just to run her hands down his arms and chest.  Was it as hard as it looked?
Yes, she thought to herself as she did just that.  In her dream she continued to explore with her hands, running them over his shoulders and down his chest.  Feeling the muscles ripple as she explored.  She had never wanted to do this before.  No one in her life had made her want to just touch and feel.
Amber moaned in her sleep.  The dream was so real.  She could smell him.  He was wearing just a hint of cologne.  The smell had her wanting to bury her face in his neck and curl into him.  So she did.  She sniffed and smiled.
It was a dream.  Amber could be as bad as she wanted.  She nipped his earlobe and kissed his neck.  She continued to run her hands over his body as she explored the dark stranger.
Suddenly, he grabbed her and kissed her until she couldn’t breathe.  Amber moaned again.  What were these sensations she felt in her stomach?  She felt sick and hot, but she knew it was not a real sick feeling.  She needed something, but she was not sure what.  Emotions were swirling within her and she needed him to touch her, but he wouldn’t.  Why not?
The stranger seemed to be fading.  Amber called to him but she didn’t know his name.  “Where are you going,” she called.  But there was no answer.
Amber jolted awake.  She was drenched in sweat and there was a strange feeling in her belly that she could not explain.  The dream had been so real.  She would have to make sure not to run into that man again.  She could not afford for her stalker to discover her smiling at him or talking with him.
Amber lay back on the bed with a smile on her face.  At least her stalker could not see her dreams.

Derek lay on his own bed.  He had just got off the phone with the coroner and had discovered that Jesse Chunn had indeed been murdered.  He could not have driven himself off the road because his neck had been broken prior to going over the cliff.
Derek breathed a sigh of relief.  He did not think the girl he was chasing had the strength or the skill to snap a man’s neck, especially one the size of Jesse.  That meant there was some other explanation for why she was on the run and why people around her were dying.  He would find the underlying cause of her fear and her reason for running.
First, he had to shake her from his head.  Those eyes of hers could make a man want things he couldn’t have.  And the desire he saw in them made him wish he could take her back to his place and protect her for the rest of his life.
Derek shook his head.  He could not be thinking like that.  He had to find out why she was on the run.  He would have to try to strike up a conversation and see if she would respond.
Derek heard the shower in the room next to him and knew she had awakened from her nap.  He groaned at the thought of her climbing into the shower.  He needed to be more professional.

Amber usually only took hot showers but this time the faucet was turned all the way to the C.  She stood under the water trying to clear her head.  She could not afford for some stranger to overtake her thoughts like this.  She decided she would hit the road tomorrow, although it was a day earlier than she had originally planned.  She would let the front desk know when she went out for supper.
Amber turned off the water and stepped out of the shower.  She grabbed a towel, dried off, and then studied herself in the mirror.  She had changed in the four years since she had left Alma.  Her hair was much longer, her face a little older and more haunted looking.  She was not sure the last time she looked in the mirror and just smiled.  Her eyes were not the same either.  In Alma, she was happy.  A glowing youth on the verge of living out her dreams of being a nurse, helping people, and raising a family, just as her parents had done.  Now, none of that would happen.  She would not be able to start a family for fear her stalker would find her again.
She was having a hard enough time coping with the people she barely knew dying because of her.  She could not take having a family torn from her.  No, she would not take that chance.  New Orleans proved that.
Two years.  She had started to feel safe.  She had started to move on with her life.  Then he had killed Jesse.  Amber didn’t know if she could handle anymore.
She pulled a pair of jeans from her bag and dug out a t-shirt.  Amber dressed, blow dried her hair, and applied make-up.  After she was ready, she went to the front desk to let them know she would be checking out in the morning instead of staying one more night.
Amber climbed into her car and drove around the city until she found a restaurant that appealed to her.  This one was advertising all you can eat crab legs so she thought she would try it.
Once inside the restaurant, Amber looked around at her surroundings.  Tastefully decorated in the beach theme that seemed to be popular on the ocean, Amber admired the colors the decorator used.  She asked for a glass of wine, ordered the crab legs with a salad and a baked potato, and sat back to wait.  Just as the waitress was placing her salad on the table, the tall, good-looking stranger walked into the room.
Amber sank down in her seat a little and tried to avoid eye contact.  She took a bite of her salad and pretended to be enthralled with her salad fork.
Derek looked around and spotted Amber immediately.  He knew by her expression that she had seen him and was trying to avoid him.  He had already decided to confront her.
Waving off the hostess, Derek walked to Amber’s booth and sat down across from her.  Choking on her salad, Amber looked up into those glorious blue eyes.
“Can I help you,” she asked as politely as she could after taking a sip of her wine to wash down the salad.  Seriously hoping her face was not red from remembering her thoughts from earlier in the day, Amber gave him her best I’m not interested in anything you have to say look.
“I saw you getting breakfast in the hotel this morning,” he replied ignoring the look that told him clearly to go away.  “I wanted to say hi.”
“Hi,” she replied.
“My name is Derek.  What’s yours?”
“I’m sorry.  I’m not in the habit of conversing with total strangers, Derek,” Amber said.  She hoped the look she was giving him was enough to send him to his own table.
Derek knew what she was doing but he was not budging.  He signaled the waiter and ordered a beer and the crab legs.
Amber quickly looked around the restaurant to see if anyone was paying any attention to them.  She did not think her stalker had found her yet, but she could not be sure.  She did not want to take the chance that this guy would end up in the local morning paper.
Derek did not miss Amber’s quick glance around and he too scanned the restaurant assuring himself no one was paying any attention to the pair.  He could see the fear she was trying to hide.  He pretended not to notice.
“So, where are you from,” Derek asked her although he already knew the answer to that question.
Realizing no one was watching her, and assuming this guy was not going away, Amber answered his question, “I’m from Alma, Georgia.”
“Oh, a small town girl, eh,” he asked as he started on his salad.  “I’m from Houston, myself.
“Oh,” Amber said.
“What had you coming to Myrtle Beach this time of year,” he asked.
“A change of scenery,” Amber replied.
Derek smiled.
Amber's heart skipped a beat.
Amber and Derek continued to talk throughout the meal and Amber began to relax.  She eventually told Derek her name.  He even made her laugh before the check came.
Derek grabbed the bill and insisted on paying for her meal.  Amber argued but in the end, Derek won.  As he was paying, Amber slipped out of the booth and out to her car.  She did not need to see him again.
Derek, assuming she would try to run, threw a fifty on the table and went after her.  He caught up with her before she could close the door to her car.
“Hey, running away so fast?  I thought we could take a stroll on the beach together,” he asked.
“I don’t think so, Derek,” Amber replied.
“Oh, come on.  We’re both on vacation, why not do something crazy,” he cajoled.
Amber’s heart flipped just looking into those eyes and knowing what he was insinuating.  “Look, I can’t.  People get hurt when they get to close to me.  You need to go away now.”
“What do you mean get to close,” Derek asked.  Finally, maybe a small piece of the puzzle.
“I mean, someone is stalking me and he doesn’t like me talking to men or anybody really.  Please go away before you get yourself killed or something,” Amber pleaded.
Derek could tell Amber was serious and she was truly concerned for his safety.
“Look, I’m a big boy and I can take care of myself.  Let’s talk about this and let me see if I can help you,” Derek replied.
Amber looked into his eyes and wanted to say yes.  She needed a friend.  She needed someone to hear her story.  Making a hasty decision and giving into her need for adult company, Amber nodded.
“Okay.  I’ll meet you back at the hotel,” she said.
Derek jogged to his car and followed Amber back to the hotel.  Soon he would get a full picture of what had been happening in Amber Curtis’ life since she left her hometown four years earlier.
Amber couldn’t resist Derek when she was looking into his eyes but as she drove she began having second thoughts.  What if her stalker was here?  What if Derek got hurt because of her?  She shook her head.  She would take this one night, see where it led, and in the morning, she would leave again.
Resolve firmly in place, Amber waited for Derek to park then allowed him to follow her up to her room.  Once there, she grabbed a couple of beers out of the mini fridge and handed one to him.  She pulled a folder out of her bag and motioned for Derek to follow her out to the balcony.
Amber and Derek chatted for a few minutes before Amber began her story.  She told about growing up in her hometown and about the accident that stole her parents from her at the beginning of her freshman year of college.  She talked about her best friend, Olivia, and told how they had met and remained friends all this time.
Amber told Derek about the notes she started getting from her stalker.  They talked about all of the accidents her friends were having and the one that nearly cost Olivia her life.  Amber gave the notes she had been keeping all these years to Derek.
Finally, all out of words and physically spent from reliving the horror of the last four years, Amber began sobbing.  Derek pulled her into his lap and held her as she cried out her anger and frustration.  Emotionally drained as well, Derek stroked Amber’s hair.
He waited for her sobbing to end, and then he stood up and carried her to her bed.  He continued to stroke her hair until she fell asleep.  He needed to hit something, hard.  He took her room key, went down to the hotel’s gym, and got on the weights.  Usually a good work out would calm him, but an hour in and Derek was still mad as hell.
Finishing with the weights, Derek went out onto the beach and began to run.  As he ran he thought about what Amber had told him.  She had no one to turn to.  The police had told her they couldn’t help her, and then the maniac had nearly killed her best friend.  The descriptions he had gotten of her personality from previous coworkers all made sense now.
Derek continued to run until the rage was gone and then he slowly walked back down the beach.  He went to his own room, took a shower, and then let himself back into Amber’s room.  He would protect her.  He would find this coward and make him pay for what he had put her through for the last four years.
Derek took pictures of the notes Amber’s stalker had left her and sent them to his lab to be analyzed.  He would call Tom in the morning and give him an update on what he had just learned.
He looked at the sleeping beauty and realized his life had just become really complicated.  He knew when this was over he would have a hard time walking away from her.  No women had ever turned his head, or his heart, like Amber had in the last two days.  He was definitely in danger of falling for this one.
Derek took off his shirt and lay down beside Amber.  Now that he knew what was really going on, he would not be leaving her on her own.  There was no telling when her stalker would suddenly turn on her.  He could not take that chance.
Derek fell asleep thinking about the information Amber had revealed to him.  He went back over every detail trying to glean any helpful information to tell him who this guy was.  He would have to make some calls in the morning.

Amber woke the next morning wrapped in Derek’s arms.  At first, she panicked and froze until she remembered that she had told him what she had been going through the last few years.  Next, she checked to see if she was dressed.  Still wearing her clothes from the night before, Amber sighed with relief.  She had never gone to bed with a stranger before.
Amber started to climb out of bed slowly when a deep, male voice greeted her.  “Good morning, sunshine,” Derek said.
Amber groaned.  She turned over and looked at the good-looking stranger next to her.  “Care to explain why you are sleeping in my bed,” she asked.
“Sure,” he replied.  “How about during breakfast?”
Amber thought about that and nodded.
“I’ll go shower and change and meet you in the lobby,” Derek said.
“Sounds good,” replied Amber.
Derek got up from her bed and walked to the door.  As he opened the door, he turned and said, “Amber, I want to help you.  We will find this guy, I promise you.”
On that promise, Derek closed the door and walked to his room.  Amber breathed a sigh of relief.  She knew his intentions were good, but she could not risk bringing someone else into her crazy nightmare.  She jumped up and began throwing her things into her bags.  She would have to be gone by the time he made it down to the breakfast room.
By the time she heard the shower come on in the next room, Amber had gathered up all her belongings and was walking out the door.  She checked out quickly, threw her bags in the car, and was pulling out of the parking garage by the time Derek had stepped out of the shower.
Just as before, Amber drove a couple of towns over, bought a new cell phone, and traded cars.  She was so thankful for the money her parents left her that allowed her to be able to do this.  Once again, Amber was on the run.  She had already decided her route, so she pulled her atlas out, slid on her sunglasses, and drove off the car lot in her new aqua blue Toyota Camry.
With any luck she would be long gone before Derek realized she had left.

Derek showered, shaved and dressed, taking his time getting ready.  He knew how females were and he assumed it would take a while for Amber to dress and apply makeup.  With the radio cranked up to the local country station, Derek didn’t notice the quietness of the room next to him.  He was rocking to Blake Shelton’s latest hit and making sure he was giving her plenty of time to get ready.
When Derek had finished, he turned down the radio and called Tom.
“Did you get the pictures I sent over,” Derek asked.
“I did,” Tom replied.  “The lab is analyzing these now.  So what’s the story?”
Derek quickly filled his boss in on what he had learned and Tom agreed Derek should stay with Amber until her stalker could be located.  Derek was to use whatever resources he needed to keep her safe.  Meanwhile, the FBI would look into her background and see if they could come up with the person who was stalking her.
Hanging up the phone, Derek went to the lobby to meet Amber.  He checked his watch.  It had been exactly and hour since he left her room.  Derek waited twenty minutes before going back upstairs.  He knocked on her door but got no answer.  He went back downstairs and checked the lobby and the breakfast room but saw no sign of Amber.
Derek was starting to get worried as he walked up to the front desk to inquire after her.  He got angry when he found out she had checked out.  Hurrying back upstairs, Derek quickly packed his bags, checked out of his own room and followed her.  The tracking device would lead him right to her.



♥ Chapter 6 ♥


“Damn,” Derek snapped.  He slapped his hand against the steering wheel.  He had lost her.  She had at least an hour head start and he thought he had been following her only to discover she had traded cars on him.
Very clever, Amber, he thought.  Hopefully that would keep her stalker at bay long enough for Derek to track her down.  He had already put out an APB on the new car she had purchased with strict instructions not to pull her over.  He just wanted to know where she would be staying for the night.  For now, he was stuck.  He had no idea which direction she had gone.
His rumbling stomach reminded him he had missed breakfast.  Derek drove off the car lot and turned into town.  He stopped at a Huddle House and gobbled down the eggs and bacon the waitress brought him.  Swallowing the coffee quickly, Derek headed back out the door.  He had no idea which way to go but he couldn’t sit around and wait.
Derek suddenly remembered the atlas he saw laying on the nightstand the night before.  He had thumbed through it noting the highlighted routes.  It looked newly purchased so she must have gotten it shortly after she left New Orleans.  Derek decided to try his luck driving south.  He found the nearest interstate and started heading towards Florida.

Amber drove for five hours before stopping.  She was starving since she had missed breakfast but she did not dare stop sooner.  She pulled into a Burger King and ran in to go to the bathroom.  She ordered her lunch to go and stopped at the nearest gas station to fill up.  As she was gassing up, she noticed a patrol car drive by, back up and turn into the gas station.  He seemed to be looking at her car.
Amber’s heart sank.  What had she done that the police would be looking for her?  She watched the police car drive away and breathed a sigh of relief.  Amber paid for the gas, jumped back into her car, and headed down a back country road.  She had alternated between back roads and interstates all morning.  She had not even made it out of South Carolina because of the circuitous route she was taking, but she was positive no one was following her.
Continuing on to the south, Amber cranked up her radio and sang along to the local county station.  The back roads and highways took longer to drive but she saw some beautiful countryside along the way.  Later that evening, before it got dark, Amber got back on the interstate to find a hotel in a more populated area.  She had finally crossed over into Georgia but she did not plan on staying in that state long.  She would drive down to Florida through Alabama even though it would take her longer.  She did not want to be in the place where her nightmare began.
She wasn’t sure her stalker actually lived in Georgia, but she wasn’t taking any chances.  Besides, if she got to close, she might give into the urge to drop in and see Olivia.  Amber knew she just could not take that chance.

She was running again.  He was surprised she had taken off so quickly this time.  He didn’t even see her leave.  No worries.  He would wait.  She would revel herself in time.  He had become an expert at waiting since meeting her.  He would wait again.

Derek got the call about two that Amber was in a small town only about thirty minutes from where he was.  He smiled to himself.  Yes she was trying to run but his resources would allow him to keep tabs on her.
After that, it became even easier.  Amber was strolling through small towns all over South Carolina and that aqua blue car she bought was easy to spot.  There could not be that many Toyota Camry's in that color on the road.  She had made it easy for him and she was not even aware.
By the time she stopped for the night at a hotel in Georgia, Derek knew exactly where she was.  He had still not decided whether to confront her or simply continue to follow her until she reached her destination.
His head said follow her, but in his heart he wanted to confront her.  Let her know he was there for her.  Tell her what he did and that he believed her and wanted to help her.
Derek decided to continue to follow her.  He didn’t want to scare her.  He wanted to talk to her, comfort her, but he did not want her to run again.  He would maintain a distance and she would never know he was there until he was ready to tell her.

Amber woke up the next morning much the same as the morning before.  She found herself enveloped in a man’s strong arms.  Her heart dropped.  He had found her.  She jumped and began to struggle before she heard the low voice that told her Derek was the one holding her.  She stopped struggling and just lay still as he explained why he was laying in her bed.
“Look, honey,” Derek said.  “I couldn’t take the chance you would run off again.  I’m an FBI agent and I have been tracking you for a year.  I’m on your side and I want to help you find your stalker so you can get back to living a normal life.”
Amber calmed down and listened.  She wanted to get back to living a normal life.  She didn’t want to run anymore.  Maybe he was right.  Maybe Derek could help her find the man responsible for her nightmare.
When he thought she was calm, he let her go.  Amber turned to face him, chest still heaving from her previous struggle.  Derek, looking down at her, couldn’t resist kissing her.
Unprepared for the torrent of emotions running through her body, Amber gave herself to that kiss.  It started soft and slow.  Derek kissed her gently, then ran his tongue over her bottom lip sampling, tasting.  He teased and tormented as Amber silently pleaded for more.
It had been so long, her head was screaming.  So long since she allowed a man this close to her.  Derek trailed small kisses down her jaw line and neck to her collar bone.  He had only meant to give her the one kiss but now could not stop there.  He hoped she would not stop him.  He couldn’t explain why, but he needed this.  He needed her.
Derek continued to tease and kiss as he slipped his hand under her night shirt to feel her bare skin.  Amber arched her back silently pleading for more.  She ran her hands over his shoulders and down his chest just like her dream.  That’s it, she decided.  She was dreaming.  But this definitely did not feel like a dream.
Both of them moaned as he grabbed one of her breasts and began to rub the palm of his hand across her hardening nipples.  Amber let her hands drift further down until she felt the proof of his desire through the shorts he had worn to bed.
Soon both of them were wild with need and raw desire.  Derek slipped off her shirt and began to suckle at her breast as Amber slowly took off his shorts and released his hardened erection.  Running her hands over his swollen member, Amber felt the perfection of his satin sword.
Derek was almost numb with desire and Amber continued to stroke him.  Wanting to please her before his own release, Derek grabbed her hands to still the torture.  He then moved his hand down to feel the passion pouring from her and almost lost it when he felt how wet she was.  She was so ready for him.
Amber almost came off the bed when Derek touched her.  All the throbbing in her body seemed to be accumulating in that one area and when he touched her, her body pulsed with need and desire.  She needed that touch.  She needed…  Amber lost her train of thought when Derek’s finger slipped inside her.  Her body began bucking.  Derek slipped his erection into her and they began to move together in the way lovers do; in the rhythmic dance that's as old as time.
Derek continued to move and Amber could feel herself souring higher and higher.  She knew she was waiting for something but she was unsure what it was.  “Please,” she begged, but she wasn’t sure why.
“I know, baby,” Derek panted.  “Just hold on.”
Amber threw her head back and looked at the man riding her.  Just then, Derek shuddered and something inside her exploded.  Amber cried out as Derek held her tightly.
She felt as if she had been flying then suddenly her body seem to splinter apart as she began to buck and jerk.  Ecstasy.  She could feel it slide through her body from her head all the way to her toes.
Derek was in the throes of his own orgasm.  He held her tightly as they both experienced the joy of lovemaking.  And as he came back to earth he realized that was just what it was.  Lovemaking.  He would not be able to leave this one behind for the job.  His life just got a whole lot more complicated.
Amber drifted back to sleep with a smile on her face as Derek held her and stroked her long blond hair.  He let her lay there resting on his chest as he thought about what had just happened.  He would not apologize and he would be damned if she ran from him again.

Amber woke a few hours later, well rested with a smile plastered on her face.  She hoped Derek was not still in the room because she would be very embarrassed if he was.  She slowly sat up, stretched and looked around.
Breathing a sigh of relief upon not seeing Derek, Amber started to rise from the bed to take a shower.  When she heard the hotel key in the door she jumped back under the covers.  Derek laughed seeing a flash of skin just as he opened the door.
Amber, red-faced and embarrassed, tried to hide behind her pillow.  Derek grabbed her pillow and kissed her on the nose.
“I went downstairs to get breakfast, but they had already cleaned up, so no gravy and apples for you,” Derek teased.
Amber laughed and grabbed the Styrofoam plate out of his hand.  Inside she saw a cheeseburger and some fries.
“I found the hotel grill and ordered a couple of burgers,” Derek said.
“Thanks,” replied Amber.
They ate their burgers in silence, but not the awkward silence Amber expected after what they had done a couple of hours earlier.  When they finished, Derek left the room to let Amber shower and dress.  He warned her she had better not run again, but just in case he attached another tracking device to her car and then sat down in the hallway and waited for her to finish dressing.
They would need to discuss their plans from here.  Derek was not about to let the blond beauty walk away again.  He was sure Amber would not like what he was about to suggest.  It was time to lure the maniac out of hiding.

Amber just stood in the hot shower letting the water soak into her skin.  It was the first time in a long time she felt this relaxed.  Her body still tingled when she thought about Derek and she smiled.
She wanted to stay here just for a few days before she went on to Washington.  She wondered how much time Derek had left on his vacation and if he would stay with her.
Amber couldn’t believe what she was thinking.  She barely knew the man.  She had just met him.  Her parents would be so ashamed of her.  However, Amber could not bring herself to regret the way she was feeling.
After a long soak under the shower head, Amber scrubbed her body, washed her hair and climbed out of the shower.  She quickly dried off and dressed so she could find Derek.  They would need to talk.  She hoped he would stay a couple of days and then she would head on to Washington to hide again.  Surely he wouldn’t deny her a little pleasure before going back to his life.
Walking out of the bathroom, Amber looked around the hotel room only to find she was completely alone.  Her heart sank until she heard the hotel key in the door that indicated Derek was coming into the room.
“I wanted to give you some privacy,” Derek said.
“Thank you,” Amber replied.  
She walked back into the bathroom, grabbed her hairbrush and began twisting her hair into a wet bun.  Pinning her hair back out of her face gave Amber the time she needed to broach the subject she wanted to discuss.
“How long are you on vacation for,” Amber asked.
“I’m not on vacation,” Derek answered.  “I’m on the job.”
Confused, Amber looked at him.  “I just assumed you were on vacation when I met you in Myrtle Beach,” Amber said.
“You must not have heard me earlier, Amber.  I've been tracking you for a year now.  I followed you to Myrtle Beach from New Orleans,” explained Derek.
Amber began to panic.  “If you followed me, then he could have also,” she whispered.
“No, I made sure no one was watching you or following you other than me,” said Derek.
“But, how do you know.  You found me.  So could he.  I didn’t see you following me.  I assumed I was alone,” Amber’s panic began to climb.
Derek reached for her hand and pulled her into his chest.  “Listen to me, honey,” he said soothingly.  “You didn’t see me because I wasn’t tailing you.  I had a tracking device on your car so I could hang back.  This guy wouldn’t have anything that sophisticated.”
Amber began to relax as Derek talked.  The sound of his voice soothed her raw nerves.  Derek led her to a chair and began to explain.
“About a year ago I was given the file of a gas station attendant who had been locked in a store room while a fire was set to one of the pumps outside the building,” Derek said.
Amber jumped out of her chair and began to pace.  “He was locked in,” she asked.
“Yes, there was no way he would have been able to escape that fire.  It was a wonder the firefighter even pulled him out alive.  Of course the smoke and the flames were just too much and he died a few days later,” Derek explained.
“While investigating we came across your face on video surveillance and you were the only customer who had not come forward to talk with us.”
“Because I had already left town,” she mumbled.
“Yes,” Derek answered.  “It took some time to find out who you were, but once I did and learned that you never came back to the hospital after that night, you became high on the suspect list.  I tracked down the places you had been and found similar stories all the way back to your hometown.”
Amber sat on the bed and hugged her knees close to her chest.  “Did you think I had killed those people,” she asked in a small voice.  Amber would not look at him for fear of seeing the truth in his eyes.  She wondered how many others thought the same thing.  How many of her previous coworkers saw her as a vicious killer.
Derek sat next to Amber and put his arm on her shoulders.  “I'm not going to lie to you, Amber.  We did think you were some sort of black widow, luring men in then picking them off and moving to the next town before you could be discovered.  All of the deaths were cleverly disguised accidents.  If the attendant had not been locked in that room, we would not be here now.”
“Do you still think that,” Amber asked as she shrugged off his arm and stood again.  “Do you believe I am capable of something that disturbing?”  Amber crossed her arms over her chest as she waited for Derek’s answer.
“No, Amber.  Absolutely not.  I've sent pictures of the letters your stalker left for you to my boss and our lab is analyzing them now.  We will catch this creep and put him behind bars where he belongs,” Derek assured her.
“Tell me how he did it.  I have never understood how he killed those people and made it look like an accident,” she asked.
Derek went into full detail on what the lab had found from each of the crime scenes.  He explained about Ben Harrison’s previous drinking problems and how he had been lured into driving drunk.  He also told her the lab believed someone was in the car with Ben and turned the car into the telephone pole that took Ben’s life.
He talked about the paint transfer on Josh Stinson’s car and showed her the simulation video of the accident that cost Josh his life.  When he talked about Mike Lester, the gas station clerk, Amber began pacing again.
“I didn’t even know his name,” she whispered.
Derek continued, and told her how long it had taken to compile his information.  He told her about the six months of surveillance on her in New Orleans and how he followed her when she ran again, the night they pulled Jesse’s car up the cliff.
“I thought I was safe.  It had been two years and not a word.  I thought he was gone for good,” Amber explained.
Again, Derek took Amber into his arms.  “We were in Myrtle Beach when I got the coroner’s report.  It was then that I began to question your involvement,” Derek said.
Amber looked up into Derek’s eyes.  He couldn’t resist kissing her.  He kissed her deeply then pulled away.  He needed to finish this.  She needed to know just what she was facing.
“Amber,” Derek said.  “Jesse Chunn’s neck was broken before the car went over the cliff.”
Amber shuddered.  The maniac was getting bolder.  And he was after her.
Derek and Amber talked a few more hours.  Amber told her side again going all the way back to the time her coworkers in Alma began getting injured and the first notes that showed up at her door.  They went through everything several times.  Derek, trying to find anything that would lead them to the person responsible, and Amber, trying to cope with all the information she had just been given.
For her, knowing the whole story just made everything even uglier.  She was more afraid now then she had ever been of the person pursuing her.
“Were there any new employees at the hospital leading up to these threats,” Derek asked.
“No, Olivia and I were the last ones hired.  It’s a small hospital and people tended to stay until they retired.  And in a small town, everyone knows everyone else,” Amber replied.
“So there was nothing new at the hospital.  Did any new people move to town during that time,” Derek asked.
“Not that I'm aware of,” replied Amber.  “And I would know because people would be talking.  There was nothing out of the ordinary.  These notes just started showing up unexpectedly.  At first I ignored them, thinking it was a prank of some sort.  Then my coworkers started having crazy accidents.  Amanda broke her leg falling down the stairs at her apartment.  Jennifer scalded her hand when her hot water heater went on the fritz.  You would have thought these were freak accidents, but the notes would come right after.  Then Olivia’s accident put it all into perspective.
“I couldn’t stay and let anyone else get hurt because of me.  He nearly killed my best friend because I showed the letters he sent to the police.  And even though they told me they couldn’t help me, he still went after Olivia.”
By this time, Amber was sobbing.  Derek just held her.  They were still no closer to solving this mystery than when they began the conversation, but at least she would be more aware of what this guy was capable of.
Emotionally drained, Amber got up and went into the bathroom to blow her nose.  Derek convinced her to get back into bed.  He went to the front desk of the hotel and booked the room for two more nights.  They would stay where they were until he could set his plan in motion.
Derek walked back to the room, assured himself Amber was sleeping soundly and walked out onto the balcony.  From there, Derek called his brother in Atlanta.
“Matt Stevenson,” his older brother answered.
“Hey, Matt.  It’s Derek,” he said.
“Hey, Derek!  What’s up, brother?  Haven’t heard from you in a while,” his brother said.
“I know, we both stay busy.  Hey, I’ve got a situation I need your help with.”
Derek proceeded to explain what he had been working on the past year and what his plan was.  His brother listened and gave his opinion and they finalized their plans.  Derek knew his brother would do whatever it took to help Amber.
“Thanks, man.  I knew I could count on you,” Derek said.
“Hey, what are brothers for, especially brothers with the full support of the FBI behind them,” Matt replied.
Derek laughed and the men said their goodbyes.
“I’ll see you in a couple of days,” Derek said.
“Keep in touch,” Matt replied as he hung up the phone.  He shook his head.  Something was up.  This wasn’t the first time Matt and Derek had worked a case together when Derek ended up in his jurisdiction, but there was something different in Derek’s voice when he talked about Amber.  A softness Matt had not heard before.  He smiled.  Little brother was falling for the damsel in distress.  Matt laughed out loud and slapped his knee.  He couldn’t wait for the two to arrive on his doorstep.



♥ Chapter 7 ♥


It took the next two days and some fast talking for Derek to convince Amber he had a solid plan.  She didn’t want to stay in Georgia.  She was too close to where it all began.  Derek convinced her that was why she needed to stay in Georgia.
Finally, Derek was able to talk Amber into driving into Atlanta to meet his brother and discuss their options.  While not fully convinced, she was willing to talk with his brother.  She still wanted to go to Washington.
The morning of their departure from the hotel, they ate a good breakfast and got into their separate cars.  Derek would follow Amber to Atlanta which was just a couple of hours from where they were staying.  Once in the city, she would follow him to his brother’s house.
Still on edge about Derek’s plan, Amber climbed into her car and hit the interstate.  No reason to take back roads if you were no longer trying to hide.  Amber tried to get her mind off the situation by cranking up the radio.  She found a country station and began singing to put her mind at ease.  If she was singing, she wasn’t thinking.
Two hours later, Derek and Amber pulled off the interstate to gas up and stretch their legs.  Derek said he would take the lead and Amber nodded.  Forty-five minutes later, Derek pulled into the drive of a two-story house on the outskirts of Atlanta.
Parking their vehicles, Derek and Amber climbed out of their cars and grabbed their luggage.  Derek led Amber into the house and up the stairs to a guest bedroom, explaining that Matt would not be home for a few more hours.  Amber laid her luggage on the floor and began unpacking.  Derek had told her they would be staying for a while.
Amber put her clothes away in the dresser and set her personal items and toiletries in the connecting bathroom.  Walking back into the bedroom, Amber looked around.  The house was pretty spacious with four bedrooms, all with connecting bathrooms, on the second floor of the house.
“The rooms are pretty big,” Amber commented as she walked into the living room where Derek was waiting for her.
“Yes, my brother often houses other agents when they are in his area, so he tries to keep a room available at all times.  Agents across the country know when they are working in or around Atlanta, they have a place to crash that's a little more personable than a hotel room,” Derek replied.
“He has good taste,” Amber said.
Derek laughed.  “You mean a good interior designer,” Derek explained.
Amber smiled.  She continued to look around the place she would be staying and asked if she could check out the kitchen.
“Sure.  Make yourself at home.  Matt would want you to,” Derek told her.
Amber wondered into the kitchen and took in the island that housed the stove and spacious countertop to prepare and cook on.  “This is a cook’s dream kitchen,” she thought to herself.  She opened one door and found a large pantry fully stocked.  Opening a double sided, stainless steel refrigerator, she also found it fully stocked.  Obviously, Matt was ready to entertain at the drop of a hat.  Well, the least she could do was thank the man.
Amber began gathering ingredients together and was no longer surprised to find everything she needed to put a nice meal on the table.  Within an hour, mouthwatering smells were coming out of the kitchen and drifting through the house.  Amber was so engrossed in her project she did not hear Derek leave the house to go to his brother’s office.

Derek arrived at his brother’s office and let him know he and Amber had settled in.  He filled him in on the rest of Amber’s story and they discussed the type of person she was likely dealing with.
Matt was a profiler for the Federal Bureau of Investigation and was currently stationed in Atlanta.  He was able to give Derek some tips into the personality of Amber’s stalker.  Derek and Matt talked for a while then both left to go back to Matt’s house.  Matt wanted to question Amber some more.  Always the older brother, Matt was sure there was something Derek had forgotten.
Derek decided this case was too important to get into a sibling rivalry competition with his brother.  He brought Matt in because he was good at his job and he wanted his input.  Matt wanted to meet the girl who had turned his brother’s head.  He could tell by the way Derek talked about her that he was smitten.
Walking into the house a little while later, both men stopped in their tracks.  They could hear humming coming from the kitchen and the air was permeated with a delicious aroma.  Both men’s stomachs began to rumble as they looked at each other.  Carefully, they walked into the kitchen.
Amber was bent over the oven pulling a roast from inside when Derek whistled low.  Amber nearly dropped the pan she was holding.  She placed it carefully on the stove then whirled around.
“You startled me,” she said.  Then Amber caught sight of the astonished look on Matt’s and Derek’s faces and her hand flew to her hair to smooth it behind her ear.  “I’m sorry.  I thought you both would like a nice supper and it has been so long since I have been able to cook,” she apologized.
“You don’t have to apologize for cooking in my kitchen,” Matt said.  He grinned, held out his hand and said, “I’m Matt, by the way.  Welcome to my humble home.”
Amber shook Matt’s hand and said, “Thank you.  I’m Amber and your home is very lovely.”
Derek coughed and both turned to look at him.  “You can stop shaking Amber’s hand now, Matt,” Derek growled.
Matt just grinned and tucked Amber’s hand into his as he led her to the table.  He poured a glass of wine while they made small talk.  Derek frowned and followed them to the table pouring his own glass of wine.
The three chatted for a few minutes then Amber rose to put the roast on the table.  She added the vegetables and bread she had also fixed and sat down with the men.  Derek and Matt were silent the first several minutes of the meal as they savored the flavorful meat in front of them.  Then suddenly, as if they found their manners at the same time, both began complimenting the food.
“Wow, Amber, where did you learn to cook like this?  The roast is wonderful,” said Matt.
“This is really good, Amber,” Derek said.  Amber laughed because the men were talking over themselves.
She turned to Matt first.  “My mother taught me how to cook.  I have enjoyed it since I was a little girl,” Amber said.
She then turned to Derek and thanked him for the compliment.
As if she had opened the door, Matt began to question Amber about her past.  “So tell me about your family,” he asked.
“My parents were killed in a car accident when I was eighteen,” she replied.  “I was an only child so I have no family left.”
Matt felt like kicking himself.  Derek had already told him about her parents, but he had forgotten in the midst of all the rest of the information they had shared.
“I’m so sorry,” Matt said.
“Don’t be,” Amber replied.  “It was a long time ago.  I still miss them, but I'm used to the fact that they are gone.”
“Well, you can have some of my family.  I have an ornery brother I would like to get off my hands,” Matt told her.
Amber laughed and Matt steered the conversation back around to happier subjects.  They talked about Matt and Derek’s family and some of the situations the boys had gotten into as kids.  Amber laughed until tears were streaming down her cheeks.
When they finished dinner the brothers told her to go rest and they would clean up.  Amber protested but both men insisted.  She had cooked, they would clean.  Unbeknownst to her, they wanted to discuss the situation further when she left the kitchen.
Amber walked upstairs and turned on the shower.  She decided to take a long, hot shower and go to bed early.  She was drained from the drive, the cooking, and the worry of being back in Georgia.
Downstairs the men were talking in low tones.  Matt was just as worried as Derek about the situation Amber was in.  During dinner, it had not taken Matt long to see the true personality of the beauty who was slowly stealing his brother’s heart.  Loving, caring, and friendly, it was easy to see how Amber had turned a lunatic’s head.  In his sick mind, he probably mistook a simple smile and a friendly attitude as flirtation.  And in his mind, Amber belonged to him.  And the lunatic would stop at nothing to control her.  He had seen this before and he was worried it would end badly.

The next morning, Derek drove Amber to one of the local hospitals to put in an application.  He didn’t want her to work, but Amber had convinced him she couldn’t just sit around and wait for something to happen.  Ignoring the feeling in the pit of his stomach, Derek waited while Amber applied for the nursing position the hospital was advertising in the local paper.
When Amber climbed back into his car, they drove to the local mall to shop.  Amber had explained that each time she went on the run she left most of her things behind.  He didn’t want her going anywhere alone anymore so he told her he would go with her while she picked up the things she would need.
“Oh, try this on,” Derek said as he held up a skimpy negligee and waggled his eyebrows at her.
Amber laughed and rolled her eyes.  Each store they came to Derek would find the ugliest or tackiest piece of clothing and parade around in it until Amber was in stitches.  She had never had more fun on a shopping trip, even with Olivia.
They stopped to eat at the food court for lunch and later hit the cookie store for desert.  They talked and shared more about their individual lives and Derek fell a little harder for the bombshell at his side while Amber wondered how she would be able to walk away from the FBI agent when her life got back to normal.

It was two weeks before the hospital called Amber in for an interview.  By then she felt ready to climb the walls.  She could not just sit around and wait for the maniac to find her.  She needed to work.  She liked helping people.  She wanted a job.
When her cell phone rang, she almost cried with relief.  She was so thankful for the interview.
Derek again drove her to the hospital.  For the past two weeks he had not let her out of his sight except when he and his brother wanted to talk about her without her knowing.  They thought they were so clever but she knew what they were whispering about.  She was beginning to feel like a burden to the men even though she continued to cook and would often straighten up the house and do laundry.
If she got this job, he would have to let her have time to herself.  He couldn’t very well go to work with her.  Although at this point, she would not put it past him to try.
Amber went inside for her interview while Derek waited outside.  He had been carefully watching and so far, there had been no sign of anyone following or trying to locate Amber.  Both men had checked with local and state authorities in the states Amber had been in and no inquiries were made there either.  Derek was still trying to figure out how her stalker always found her.
Matt was also at a loss.  They could find no one in her life that came into it around the time of the letters and accidents to her coworkers.  All of the people she had worked with and even her patients had been checked out thoroughly and none of them stood out as a maniacal stalker.
Both men continued to comb through every inch of Amber’s personal life.  They checked high school records, college records, and work history.  The stalker wasn’t changing towns with her either as far as the men could tell.  They checked DMV records, tax records, and employment records and could find no common threads to Amber.
Derek was getting frustrated.  He was no closer to finding out who was stalking Amber than the day he met her.  He kept in touch with his boss who was happy to have Matt’s input into the case.  The men had worked cases together in the past and Tom highly respected Matt’s ability.
Derek smiled as Amber strolled out of the hospital.  He admired the way she carried herself as she walked across the parking lot.  He got out of the car and walked around to open the door for her.
“How did the interview go,” he asked.
“I think it went well,” Amber replied.  “They said they would let me know something by the end of the week.”
“That’s great,” Derek said.
He may not want her to go back to work but he knew it would give him time to do more research.  He would be able to use Matt’s resources to continue to dig.  He knew she would be safe at the hospital while he worked at Matt’s office.



♥ Chapter 8 ♥


Amber did get the call from the hospital before the week was up and settled into her new job quickly.  Before long, the three developed a routine that allowed all of them to dress and get ready for work without getting in each other’s way or using all the hot water.  Amber would take her shower in the evenings while the men cleaned the kitchen from the meal she cooked.  The men took their showers in the mornings and all three left for work around the same time.  Amber always came home about an hour before the men and would almost have supper ready for them by the time they came home.  During supper they would discuss their day and update Amber on any progress made with her stalker.
Amber also relaxed enough to be her usual friendly self with the staff and patients at the hospital.  She had enough confidence in Matt and Derek that she didn’t feel she had to be cautious about who she talked to.  Before long, she had made friends and was going on lunch dates with some of the other nurses.
One day Derek came strutting into the hospital to take her to lunch.
“Oooohh, girl, don’t look now.  Hunk at twelve o’clock,” whispered Tanesha. 
“Ummmm hmmm, he is mighty fine,” answered Sally.
Amber looked up to see Derek walking down the hallway toward her station with a bouquet of roses in his hands.
“Thought I’d take a pretty lady to lunch if she’s available,” Derek said as he reached her desk.
“Oh, you know I’m available,” Tanesha replied.
Amber smiled.  Derek handed her the roses and she went to find a vase to put them in.  “Don’t eat him while I’m gone, Tanesha,” Amber teased.
“Girl, you know I want to,” said Tanesha.  “Eat him like candy.”
Derek waggled his eyebrows at Tanesha and she giggled like a school girl.  Sally just shook her head at the foolishness.
“Have fun at lunch, Amber,” she called as the two walked off down the hallway.
“That girl has her one fine looking man,” Tanesha said watching them walk down the hallway together.
“That she does,” Sally agreed.
Aware her coworkers were staring at them, Amber turned and waved before getting onto the elevator.  Tanesha and Sally waved back.
“Yep, one fine looking man,” Tanesha said again.

“So, what’s the occasion,” asked Amber.
Derek gave her a puzzled look.
“Lunch, roses,” she said with a question in her voice.
Derek smiled.  “Just because.  No occasion.”
“Oh.  Where are you taking me,” Amber asked.
“To this little, out of the way, Chinese restaurant.  I hope you like it,” he replied. 
“I love Chinese food,” said Amber.
Derek drove out of the parking lot and they talked about their day as he made his way to the restaurant.  Once there, the hostess sat them and a waitress took their drink order.  Both ordered the buffet.
After filling their plates and sitting back down in their booth, they began to talk about other cases Derek had worked.
“Your job sounds very interesting,” Amber stated.
“Yeah, but it can get lonely sometimes.  At the end of the day, or week, or case, I come home to an empty house and a lonely bed.  I wish I had the right to ask a woman to share that life and understand when I had to be away for long periods of time.”
“I understand.  It would be hard for a woman to have to share her husband with the job.  Knowing in her heart he might not come back.  But there are thousands of women who do exactly that every day.  Wives of soldiers, firefighters, and policemen.  Do any of your FBI buddies have wives,” asked Amber
“A few do.  The ones lucky enough to have found the right woman I guess,” Derek replied.
Amber looked down at her plate.  Was this Derek’s way of telling her she was not the right woman to be able to fill his heart and life?  She wasn’t sure where he was going with this conversation so she steered it to another topic and began telling him about one of her patients.  She was taking care of an elderly man who seemed to have no family interested in visiting him in the hospital but the man was so full of life and energy.  He made all the nurses laugh with his teasing and joking.
Derek watched as Amber described her patient.  He smiled at her animated eyes and the way she used her hands as she talked.  He was falling hard for this woman and he wasn’t sure that was wise.  He had made sure not to touch her again since the day they made love but it had been torture not to sneak into her room and hold her.  He wanted to kiss her and beg her to stay with him.  Be that person in his life that understood the demands of his job and would be there for him.  But he just couldn’t do it.  He could not be that selfish after all she had been through.  When he found her stalker, he would have to walk away from her.
Derek and Amber finished their meal and Derek drove Amber back to the hospital.  The drive was quiet as they were lost in their own thoughts and Amber wondered again about the conversation Derek had started.
Amber walked back to her station amid the calls and laughter of her new coworkers.  She smiled, picked up her clip board and got back to work.  Her next patient was the elderly man she had told Derek about.

A month after starting her job, Amber decided to call Olivia.  It had been more than two months since she had talked with her best friend and she wanted to know how her delivery went.
Waiting for Olivia to pick up, Amber grabbed some fingernail polish and got ready to paint her toes.  She was just putting cotton balls between her toes when a man’s voice answered the phone.
“Hello,” he said.
“Patrick,” Amber asked.
“Yes,” Patrick answered.
“It’s Amber.  Is Olivia available,” she asked.
“Oh, thank God you’ve called,” he said.
A chill went down Amber’s spine.  “Is everything alright,” she asked.
“Olivia lost the baby and she's beside herself.  She won’t talk to anyone.  Let me see if I can get her to talk to you.  Hold on.”  Amber heard Patrick put the phone down and she waited.  No longer in the mood to paint her toes, she began removing the cotton.
“Amber,” Olivia’s sad, shaky voice came over the line.
“Oh, Olivia!  I am so sorry.  Tell me what happened,” Amber asked.
“I don’t know.  Everything was going so well.  I only had a month left to go and the doctor was happy with my progress.”  Amber could hear the agony in her friend’s voice and wanted with all of her heart to be there for her.
Olivia continued.  “One night I was lying in bed when I started cramping severely.  Patrick rushed me to the hospital, but it was too late.  They had to make the decision to take the baby’s life or let me die.  Patrick chose my life.”  By this time Olivia was sobbing so hard Amber could barely understand her.
They had seen these things before.  Usually, in order to save the mother, the baby would be sacrificed.  Olivia knew this, but knowing did not make living it any easier.
“Olivia, listen to me, honey,” Amber said.  “I’m coming home.  I have a couple of days off, and I am coming to see you.  Do you hear me Olivia?”
She could hear Olivia hiccupping into the phone but was unsure if she understood her.  Patrick came back on the line.
“I think she needs to rest now, Amber,” he said.
“Okay, Patrick.  Tell her for me I am coming to see her,” Amber said.
“I will.  Thanks Amber.  That may help.”  Amber heard the phone click and looked up to see Derek standing in her doorway.
Derek could see the anguish in Amber’s eyes.  “What’s the matter, honey,” he asked.
“Olivia, my best friend, lost her baby,” she said sadly.  “She's barely coping.  I have to go see her.”
“I don’t think that is a good idea, Amber,” Derek argued.
“I have to, Derek,” Amber insisted.  “Olivia was there for me when my parents died, she has been there for me through this whole nightmare, and I have to go to her.  She needs me,” Amber sobbed.  Her best friend was hurting and she hurt with her.
The back of Derek’s neck began to tingle.  “Amber, how did Olivia know how to reach you,” he asked calmly.
“She doesn’t.  I change cell phones often.  I call her,” Amber answered sniffing and blowing her nose.
Derek said nothing else as he came closer to Amber and hugged her.  He wanted to comfort her because he knew she was hurting for her friend.  He wanted to yell at her for not telling him she had been keeping in contact with that friend.  He now knew how her stalker was tracking her.  The bastard probably had a listening device attached to Olivia’s phone.  He must know how close the girls are.
Derek stroked Amber’s back until she stopped sobbing.  He helped her to bed, assured her he would take her to visit her friend, and then went in search of his brother.  He had new information Matt needed to hear.

The next day, Matt and Derek were waiting at the kitchen table for Amber to come down the stairs.  Both were staring into their coffee contemplating the new piece of the puzzle they had been given.  Both looked up as Amber strolled into the room.
Noting the looks on the men’s faces, Amber poured a cup of coffee and walked to the table.  She sat down and faced them.
“All right, spill it,” she said.
Both men began at the same time.  Matt was calm, while Derek was not.
“How could you forget to tell me you kept in contact with someone from your hometown,” Derek yelled
“Amber, telling us about Olivia sooner may have helped us catch the person responsible for chasing you,” Matt said.
Amber held up her hand.  Both men stopped in mid-sentence.  “I can only answer one of you at a time and Matt since you are calmer than your brother, you can speak,” she said avoiding Derek’s smoldering eyes.
Matt shot Derek a look that said shut it, very clearly and continued his speech.  “Amber, you should have told us you still call Olivia.”
“Why, Olivia is my best friend.  She would never hurt me or tell anyone where I am.  I would not have survived the last few years if not for Olivia,” Amber answered.
“I understand you believe Olivia wouldn’t tell anyone where you are…” Matt never finished his sentence.
“You understand I believe???” Amber asked incredulously.  “Olivia and I have been through a lot together.  She would never betray my trust just as I would never betray hers.”
“Amber, I wasn’t implying Olivia would betray you.  Let me finish,” Matt replied calmly.
Amber sat back, crossed her arms over her breasts, and fixed Matt with an I’m listening but this had better be good stare that had Matt flinching slightly and Derek looking a little uneasy.
“Your stalker, understanding the bond between you and Olivia, could have bugged her phone.  He could have been listening in on your conversations all of these years,” Matt explained.
“Amber, you might have unknowingly been leading your stalker to where you were hiding,” Derek interjected.
Amber’s face went pale.  She had never thought about the possibility of her stalker tapping Olivia’s phone.  She had led him to her all of these years.  And now she had told Olivia she was coming home.
The men hated seeing the shocked expression on Amber’s face but now they knew she understood what they were telling her.  Unable to bear it, Derek pulled Amber onto his lap and rubbed her back.  Matt walked out of the kitchen to give them time to talk.  He hoped Derek would keep his head.
Derek continued to rub Amber’s back as the consequences of her actions sank further into her mind.
“Oh, God, oh, God, oh, God,” Amber cried over and over.  “I killed them.  I led him right to me and I killed all those people,” she sobbed.
“No, honey,” Derek replied.  “A monster killed those people.  You are not in any way responsible for that maniac’s actions.”
Unsure if she was listening to him, Derek continued to try to soothe her.  When Amber began to shake, he knew more drastic measures were needed.  Derek gathered Amber into his arms and carried her upstairs.  Matt watched them pass and knew what Derek was up to.  He walked out of the house to give them some privacy.
In her room, Derek laid Amber on the bed and began to unbutton her blouse.  He kissed her lips and rubbed her arms silently pleading for her to respond to him.  She needed this.  She needed to lose herself in him so she could stop thinking the horrifying thoughts circling in her head.
Amber felt the air on her bare stomach but didn’t care.  She was responsible for those people’s deaths.  It didn’t matter what Derek told her.  She had led him right to her every time.
Derek continued to kiss and tease Amber’s lips and throat.  When he licked her breast he finally got a response from her.  Amber arched her back silently pleading for more.  She moaned when he took her breast into his mouth and began to suckle.
He kissed his way back to her lips and licked and teased some more.  Amber began to unbutton his shirt.  She sat up and kissed Derek’s shoulders and chest.  She began licking and kissing him down to his stomach.  Derek felt himself harden in reaction to her touch.
He wanted her to let go and give in.  He pushed her back onto the bed and once more kissed his way down to her breasts.  As he began to suckle one breast, he unbuttoned Amber’s pants and began to slide them off her.  Amber helped because she was starting to get impatient.
Amber wanted this.  She wanted to forget the tragedies for which she took responsibility.  She reached down and grabbed Derek’s erection and slowly began to drive him crazy with her hands.
Derek slid his fingers into Amber and tried to concentrate on bringing her pleasure, but she was killing him with her touch.  He couldn’t resist moving against her hand as she massaged and stroked.  And when Amber guided him into her, he gave in and began to move slowly.
Amber moaned and gripped Derek’s butt with her fingernails urging him silently to go faster.  Derek resisted the subtle hint and continued his long slow strokes.  Feeling the sweat bead on his face, Derek kept up the torture.  He wanted her to feel him.  Look at him.  Know what he was doing to her.
Derek bent down and kissed her long and slow.  He slid his tongue into her mouth and matched his rhythm.  Tongue and penis in perfect harmony, sliding in and out slowly.  Amber moaned again as sensations began to swirl in her belly.  She stretched her legs and toes as they began to tingle.  She could feel the buildup and knew what was coming.
“Please,” she begged much like before.
Derek smiled and continued stroking and kissing.  Slowly, so slowly.  Amber thought she was going to cry.  Gripping his butt harder, she scraped her fingernails against his skin.  Derek finally gave in and slammed into Amber quickly.  That was all it took.  Both cried out at the same time as they climaxed together.
Amber felt herself splintering apart, shattering, and then slowly coming back together.  She bucked as Derek held her, whispering in her ear.  Coming back to herself, she could feel the tears sliding down her cheeks.
Derek held Amber and stroked her back and hair.  He could feel her tears and hoped he had not hurt her, but he didn’t think it was a good time to talk.  He whispered to her and held her until she finally fell asleep in his arms.  When she woke up, he would take her home.  She needed that and it was time to bring the monster out of hiding.



♥ Chapter 9 ♥


Amber woke an hour later.  She looked around but Derek was gone.  Crawling from her bed, she plodded to the bathroom and turned on the shower.  She was going home.  She expected an argument from the men, but she was determined.  They could come with her or stay behind, but she had made up her mind.  She was a grown woman and she would go where she pleased.
Amber climbed into the shower after that determined pep talk and let the hot water wash the dried tears from her face.  She would cry no more.  She had a plan of her own.  She would find who was doing this to her and she would be prepared for his next attack.  Amber was going to fight back.
Stepping out of the shower, Amber dried off and began to dress.  She blow dried her hair, applied her makeup, and walked back into the bedroom to pack her overnight bag.  She silently hoped the men had left the house so she wouldn’t have to tell them what she was doing. 
“Coward,” she whispered to herself.
Amber walked slowly down the stairs with her overnight bag.  Seeing both men on the couch waiting for her, she sighed.  She wasted no time letting Matt and Derek know her plans.
“I’m going home,” she stated.  “You two are not stopping me.”
Derek raised a brow at this statement.  “We’re not,” he questioned even though he and his brother had agreed she needed to go home and spend some time with Olivia and hopefully lure out her stalker.
“No, you’re not,” Amber said determinedly and started to walk to the front door.
“Amber,” Derek growled low.  Amber stopped when she heard the warning tone in Derek’s voice.  “Sit down.”
Amber turned and sat in a chair facing Matt and Derek.  She dropped her eyes to her knees and refused to look at either of the men.
Matt cleared his throat and stared at his brother.
“Look, honey,” Derek began.  “I will take you to see Olivia.”
Amber’s eyes flew to his.  “You will,” she questioned.
“I will.  I know you need to see her.  I also know she needs you.  But we need to discuss the situation before just barreling in.”
Amber hung her head again, fully chastised by Derek’s tone and words.  Matt punched his brother hard in the arm and gave him a look that said fix this.  He couldn’t stand to see a female in tears and he was afraid Amber would break down any minute.
Derek got up from his seat, crossed over to Amber, and pulled her into his arms.  “Matt and I have a plan.  We have already discussed you going home.”
Amber sighed.  She knew Derek wouldn’t let her down.  She really didn’t want to face the demon by herself.
Sitting back down with Amber in his lap, Derek explained what he and Matt had concluded.  The three talked for another hour before Amber and Derek left Matt’s house to drive the short distance to Amber’s hometown.
Arriving shortly before supper time, Amber and Derek stopped at a local diner to eat.  It didn’t take long for residents to recognize Amber and come over to talk.  Several had to ask about where she had been and get all of the details of her travels.  It was clear none of them knew the real reason she had left thanks to Olivia’s quick thinking.  She had told many of the town’s people that Amber needed to get away from the memories of her parents and wanted to try new things.
They all seemed genuinely glad to see her back and filled her in on the latest gossip and happenings in her hometown.  It took her and Derek over two hours to finish their meal.
Derek drove them to the local motel with Amber’s directions and they booked a room.  They unpacked their luggage and Amber sat down to call Olivia.
“Hello,” this time Olivia answered the phone, and the sound of her voice tore at Amber’s heart.  She sounded so sad and depressed.
“Hey Livy, its Amber,” she said.
“Amber, where are you?  Are you coming to town,” Olivia asked.
“I’m in town now.  Can I come by,” Amber asked.  She grabbed a pen and piece of paper from the bedside table and asked Olivia for her address.  Olivia gave Amber directions to where she lived and she and Derek drove over to see Olivia.
Patrick answered the door at Amber’s knock and invited the couple in.  He seemed genuinely glad to see Amber, hopeful she would bring Olivia out of her depression.
“I’m so glad you came.  Olivia is upstairs getting dressed for the first time in three weeks,” Patrick said.  He hugged Amber.  Feeling uncomfortable hugging her best friend’s husband and someone she had met once briefly, Amber quickly hugged Patrick back and stepped out of his embrace.
Derek noted the unease in Amber’s eyes and decided to question her later.
Just then, Olivia came flying down the stairs.
“Amber,” she yelled, throwing herself into her best friend’s arms.
“Olivia,” Amber replied hugging her tightly.
Both girls began to cry.  They had missed each other so much in the past four years.  Patrick looked at Derek and nodded at the kitchen.  Derek followed.
“Want a beer,” Patrick asked Derek.  “Those two will probably be awhile if their phone calls are any indication.” Derek nodded and Patrick pulled a couple of beers from the refrigerator and walked out onto the back deck.  Derek followed.  The men sat and made small talk while the women in their lives reunited.

Amber held Olivia as she sobbed.  They were still standing in the foyer of Olivia’s home and Amber’s tears had long dried.  But Olivia had a deeper misery than just missing Amber.  Eventually, Amber led Olivia to a couch where the two sat and Olivia hiccupped her way through the story of how she lost the baby.
“It was a girl, Amber.  A beautiful baby girl.  I named her Amber Jane for you and my mother,” Olivia said.
“Oh, Olivia.  I am so sorry.  I wish I had been here for you,” Amber replied.
“You’re here now.  I want you to see her grave.  Will you come with me,” asked Olivia.
“Of course I will,” Amber replied.  They made plans to go to lunch together the next day and visit the graveside of Olivia’s stillborn baby girl.
“Now, tell me about the handsome man I barely acknowledged sitting on the back deck with my husband,” Olivia asked.
Taking this as a sign Olivia was feeling better; Amber told her how she and Derek had met.
“He just walked up to your table and sat down,” Olivia asked incredulously.
“He did, like he owned the restaurant or something,” Amber replied.
“You’re kidding,” Olivia slapped Amber's arm playfully.
“No, seriously.  He comes strutting up like some good looking cowboy and sits down as pretty as you please, signals the waitress and places his order,” Amber told her.
“What did you do,” asked Olivia.
“There wasn’t much I could do,” Amber replied.  “I gave him the cold shoulder, wouldn’t even give him my name when he asked for it, and he didn’t take the hint.”
Amber continued to tell her friend all about the evening she spent with Derek.  “I figured, hey, why not have a quick, one-night stand with a total stranger and be on my way,” Amber said.
“We see where that led,” Olivia smirked.
“He is pretty wonderful,” Amber admitted.
“So tell me more.  What does he do?  Where does he live,” Olivia asked.
“He lives in Atlanta,” Amber lied.  She hated deceiving her best friend but the men agreed she needed to be careful what she told Olivia and the others she would run into in town.
“He works in finance and has a nice house in the city.  I already have a job at one of the hospitals and have started making friends.”
“Are you staying at his place,” Olivia asked.
Amber giggled like a school girl.  “I am and it's wonderful.”
“Amber, I am so happy for you,” Olivia cried.  The girls hugged again and continued to talk.  Amber was glad to see the color and laughter come back to Olivia’s face and eyes.  She had looked so miserable when they first arrived.
Eventually, running out of things to talk about, the men came back into the living room to find the girls giggling and laughing.  Patrick smiled seeing his wife so happy.
Olivia and Amber hugged each other and said their goodbyes as the men shook hands.
“I’ll pick you up at eleven and we can go to that place we used to eat all of the time when we were working.  Is it still there,” asked Amber.
“You mean Charlie’s Place?  Yes, it’s still there and I still go and eat when I’m working.  It’s not the same without you,” replied Olivia.
Amber smiled, hugged Olivia one more time and turned to leave.
“Amber,” Patrick called.
Amber turned around.  “Thanks again,” Patrick said as he placed his arm around his wife.
Amber smiled and walked out the front door.  Derek opened her car door and Amber slid inside.  She was emotionally drained from seeing her friend in her condition.  Now she knew how Olivia must have felt when she helped Amber through the loss of her parents.  Only time could completely heal Olivia, but Amber believed she was on the road to recovery.  She had seen the change in her face and eyes after talking through her pregnancy and loss.  Her friend would be alright.
Derek drove Amber back to the motel in silence.  He could sense emotions churning in Amber and so remained quiet as they drove.  He had questions but they could wait.

He was furious.  How dare she bring him back here and flaunt him.  He would have to teach her not to cross him.  Yes, the cowboy would have to die.  And this time he hoped it would be slow and painful.  She had crossed him for the last time.

The next morning Amber and Derek drove around her small hometown.  Amber showed him the house where she grew up, the school she attended and pointed out all the special places from her childhood.  Derek took her to the cemetery where her parents were buried and she was able to sit down by the headstones for the first time since she had left Alma.
Someone had been maintaining the graveside for her.  It was nicely clipped and there were fresh flowers in one of the vases.  She assumed Olivia had taken over this chore since she left.
She told Derek about her parents.  She talked for an hour telling him story after story about her mom and dad.  When she was through, Derek felt as if he had met them personally.  He believed he would have liked them if given the chance to know them.
Derek had decided to stay at the hotel while Amber took Olivia to lunch.  He didn’t want to interfere in their time together.  He had decided to walk and get lunch then check in with his brother.
Amber dropped Derek at the hotel and drove to Olivia’s house.  Olivia was sitting on the front porch waiting for her.  Dressed in a pair of jeans and a red button up shirt, Olivia’s coloring looked so much better.  She had a smile on her face that reached her eyes.  Amber got out of the car and met Olivia half way down the walk.  The girls hugged and climbed back into the car.
Amber drove to Charlie’s Place and the girls ordered their favorites from times past.
“Wow, this really takes me back,” Olivia said.
“Yeah, I know,” replied Amber.  “This place hasn’t changed a bit.”
Word had spread like wildfire that Amber was back in town and the locals poured into the diner to talk to her.  Like the night before, it took her several hours to eat for talking to all the people who had missed her and wanted to hear about her travels.
However, all the talk was good for Olivia as well.  She had not been out of the house since the baby had died, except to the cemetery, and she had forgotten how kind and loving their fellow citizens could be.  She vaguely knew many had brought meals and sent cards but she had been in a depressed fog.  Being out and talking with those around her, Olivia could see the genuine concern for her safety and the loss of her little girl.  There was no pity in the town’s people’s eyes, just a deep love for one of their own and a sorrow at her loss.
Eventually, Amber and Olivia made it to the cemetery.  Amber watched as Olivia placed flowers on the grave of her child.  When Olivia began to sob, Amber knelt beside her and held her.
For Olivia, this was a different kind of sobbing.  This was a healing sobbing.  She was finally letting go.  Thanks to Amber, Olivia knew she would make it through this dark time in her life and come out on the other side.  She wouldn’t be the same.  She would never be the same.  But she would live through this and she would try to have another baby.  No one would replace the precious life in the ground under her hands, but she would move on.
Eventually, Olivia stopped crying.  The girls got to their feet and walked back to the car hand in hand.
“Amber, thanks for coming,” Olivia said.  “You don’t know how much I needed you.”
“I do know, Olivia.  You were there for me when my parents died, and I will be there for you through this,” Amber replied.
“Thank you,” Olivia said.
Instead of climbing back into the car, the girls walked around town for a while chatting and catching up.  Amber filled Olivia in on some of the details of her life she had previously left out and Olivia talked about married life.  It was a healing process for both girls.



♥ Chapter 10 ♥


Amber and Derek stayed in town for two days before heading back to Matt's house.  Amber was glad for the time she had with her friend and the time she spent in her hometown, but was ready to get back to Atlanta.  She had changed since leaving Alma and she no longer fit into the slow small town lifestyle the Alma towns people still maintained.
It wasn’t until the drive back that Derek questioned Amber about her uneasiness around Olivia’s husband.
“What do you mean,” she asked Derek.
“I just noticed you seemed tense when the guy hugged you,” Derek replied.
“I just don’t know him,” Amber said.
“Really, I assumed he grew up in Alma,” Derek said.
“No, he moved to town about a month after I left.  He got a job at the hospital and he and Olivia started dating.  Two years later they married.  I only met him one time, at Olivia’s wedding,” explained Amber.
“Hmmm,” said Derek.  “He acted as though he has known you for some time.”
“Just through what Olivia has told him, I imagine,” replied Amber.
Derek drove in silence for a while mulling over this new piece of information.  While the two had been in Alma, no one had paid Amber any extra attention or notice that set alarms off in his head.  Other than the shy Patrick, everyone they met had known Amber since childhood.  And Patrick didn’t come to town until after Amber had left.  Something was still not adding up.  He had been sure Amber’s stalker would be there in Alma.
Lost in her own thoughts, Amber watched the scenery go by.  She wondered if going home would bring her stalker out into the open now.  She had only been in Atlanta for a few weeks, too soon to alert him to where she was unless he was listening to Olivia’s phone line.  Would people start getting hurt because of her?
Amber looked at Derek.  He was so tall and very muscular.  She knew he would be able to take care of himself, but what about the ladies she worked with?  Would the maniac go after one of them now?

Amber and Derek had been back in Atlanta for two weeks before the first note came.  Derek had already filled his brother in on what he had learned in Alma, which wasn’t much, and they seemed to be no closer to Amber’s stalker than when they first arrived in Atlanta.
Finishing her shift at the hospital, Amber walked to her car in the parking deck.  She pushed the button on her key fob that unlocked the car door and heard the echo throughout the garage.  Just as she was about to grab the door handle, Amber spotted a note tucked in her windshield.  Hand shaking she reached out.
Time’s up my darling.  I am tired of these games we
keep playing.  After I get rid of the cowboy, I’m coming
for you.  Be ready.  Now we can live happily ever after.

Amber screamed.  She climbed into her car, dropped the note into the passenger seat and put the car in reverse.  She had to get to the house.  She needed to talk to Derek.  She tried pulling her cell phone out of her purse as she was driving out of the parking garage, but everything just spilled into the floor.  In too much of a hurry to get home, she ignored the mess and drove as fast as she dared.
Amber pulled into the driveway and ran into the house.  Neither Derek nor Matt was home yet, but then she always got home before they did.  Amber took a deep breath.  Calm down, she told herself.  Derek will be fine.  She ran back to her car and gathered up her purse and the stuff she had spilled.  She located her cell phone and dialed Derek’s number.
When Derek didn’t answer, Amber tried to call Matt.  He answered on the second ring and she asked him where his brother was.
Hearing the panic in Amber’s voice, Matt tried to find out what was wrong, but she wouldn’t talk to him.  She simply told him she needed to find Derek.  Matt explained that Derek had left earlier that day to follow up on a lead he had and would be back some time after dinner.
Amber tried to calm herself.  She thanked Matt, hung up the phone and decided to cook.  That would sooth her nerves.  Derek was fine.  He could take care of himself, she continued to tell herself.  He would call her.
Amber gathered supplies and ingredients and began making lasagna from scratch.  After an hour she forgot about the note that sent her tearing home and lost herself in the cooking.  She made some vegetables to compliment the meal and even whipped up a chocolate cake for desert.
Looking at her watch and wondering why neither of the men had shown up, she again tried to call Derek.  His cell phone went straight to his voice mail.  Amber was trying not to panic.  She called Matt and he told her he was just leaving the office.  Amber waited.

Derek had eaten lunch with his brother then decided to follow up on a lead he had from Amber’s case.  It was an angle neither brother had thought to look at before, but the information that just came in made sense.  He knew it would take a few hours and not wanting to alert Amber, he decided not to tell her where he was going.  He told Matt to let her know it would be late before he made it back home.
Derek drove to the college Amber and Olivia had attended and spoke to one of Amber’s former professors.  It seemed there was a young man in Amber’s class that had a crush on her, but Amber, still grieving from her parents' death, had not given the young man a second glance.  Dale Genson had contacted Derek after hearing he was looking into Amber’s past.  The professor had some disturbing papers the young man had turned in for an assignment.  The student had written a paper about how to hurt someone and make it look like an accident.
The original assignment was on how to spot abuse in young patients or battered women, but this student had taken it a whole other direction.  After hearing the FBI’s request into anyone associated with Amber, Professor Genson called Derek.
Derek arrived at the campus a few hours after leaving Atlanta.  He shook hands with Professor Genson and followed him into his office.
“I don’t normally keep things like this around, and I don’t involve myself in student affairs, however, I held onto these papers because of the very nature of the subject matter.  They were very disturbing and graphic and I almost had the young man kicked out of my class,” the professor told Derek.
“Why didn’t you if you were that concerned,” Derek asked.
“Because I was afraid of what he might do to the girl,” he said.
“Why is that,” Derek asked.
“Let me show you.”  Professor Genson pulled the papers he had been saving from his filing cabinet.  On top was a folder with lots of graffiti and scribbling on the front.  “I found this folder left on the student’s desk one day.  I was concerned.”
Derek took the folder from the professor’s hand and saw disturbing images of one man stabbing another.  Amber’s name was written all over the folder in red.  It looked as though the names had been written at first with love and hearts and then later slashes were added to the hearts to make them look as if they had been broken.  Angry drawings covered the loving hearts.  There was rage and anger.  Derek opened the folder and saw the student’s name.  His face turned white.
Taking the papers from Professor Genson, Derek began to read.  His stomach flipped as he read a college student's paper that seemed eerily familiar to the actual events that happened to Amber in Alma.
Thanking the professor for contacting him and assuring him he would take care of the matter, Derek walked out of the professor’s office and down the hallway of the college.  Jumping into his car, Derek tried to call Matt only to find his cell phone dead.
Derek drove for an hour then pulled over for some supper.  Although he wanted to get home and talk with his brother about this latest discovery, he was not anxious to face Amber.  She did not need to know what he had discovered until he and Matt had further proof.
Spotting a small diner, Derek stopped in and ordered.  When the waitress brought his food, Derek sniffed appreciatively.  He was starving.  It would not be as good as whatever home cooked wonder Amber had whipped up tonight, but it would be satisfying.  He would be sure to heat up some of the leftovers from Amber’s meal when he got home.
When Derek finished his dinner, he asked the waitress to bring him a cup for his drink to take on the road.  He then went to the bathroom and washed his hands while the waitress ran his debit card.  Pouring his drink into the cup the waitress had brought, Derek left a tip on the table and headed to his car.
He continued to think about the college student who had a crush on Amber and realized he fit the profile his brother had given perfectly.  He was sure they had the right person.  Now, all they needed to do is trap him.  He would need his brother's advice for that.  He didn't want the maniac anywhere near Amber.
Derek had driven just a few miles before starting to feel sleepy.  Vision blurring, he tried to roll down a window to keep awake.  It wasn’t that late and he shouldn’t be so tired, he thought to himself.
He was driving down a country road and was coming up on a steep hill when he saw headlights coming too fast.  Just before impact Derek caught a glimpse of the man stalking Amber.  Now he had proof, was his last thought before everything went black.

At home, Amber was worrying about the fact that Derek hadn't arrived yet and she couldn’t get in touch with him.  Matt tried to calm her, but it was no use.  When he suggested she go on to bed, Amber complied reluctantly.
Matt was still up when the telephone began to ring a few hours later.  It was nearly midnight and he was mad as hell that his brother had not checked in.
Matt snatched up the phone and said, “You had better have a good reason for not calling sooner, brother.”
“Mister Stevenson,” the voice on the other end sent a chill down Matt’s spine.
“Yes,” he replied.  “This is Matt Stevenson.”
“This is the DeKalb County Sherriff’s department.  Seems there’s been an accident involving your brother.”
“Is he alright?  Where is he,” asked Matt.
“Looks like he will make it.  He’s a little banged up and will need to stay overnight in the hospital for observation.  Just thought I’d let you know.”
“I appreciate the call, Sherriff,” Matt replied.  He got the information he needed and was preparing to go to the hospital when Amber came down the stairs.
“What’s wrong,” she asked.
“Derek was in an accident.  Sherriff says he will be fine, but I’m going to the hospital to get him.”  Too concerned for his brother to notice the blood drain from Amber’s face, Matt told her to go back to bed and they would be home before she was awake in the morning.
Matt drove to the hospital in a panic.  He wouldn’t believe Derek was okay until he saw him with his own eyes.  He didn’t want to spook Amber so he shrugged it off, but he was really worried.  He wanted more details of the accident.
When Matt arrived at the hospital, Derek was sleeping.  Matt sat down in a chair and watched his younger brother.  Derek had a bump on his forehead and a bruise on one cheek.  There were some scratches on his arms but that was all the damage Matt could see.  After a few hours, Matt left to find a nurse or doctor to tell him more about Derek’s injuries.
Locating a nurse on Derek’s floor he requested information on his brother’s accident.
“I don’t know much, sir.  I just got here, but I’ll ask around and see if I can get some information for you,” she said.
“Thanks,” Matt replied and went back to his brother’s room to wait.  He paced the floor for a while before a doctor showed up to brief him.
Waving him out of the room, the doctor walked to the end of the hall before turning to Matt.  “The Sherriff wants you to go to the station when you can.  He will have a little more information than I will about the actual accident.  As far as injuries, your brother has a concussion and a few minor cuts and bruises, but other than one hell of a headache in the morning, he should be fine.  You can take him home when he wakes and the nurses have taken his vitals.”
“Thanks, doc,” Matt replied as he shook the doctor’s hand.
Matt decided to go ahead and stop at the Sherriff’s office and then return for Derek.  Driving the small distance between the hospital and the Sherriff’s station, Matt sighed with relief.  Derek would be fine.
Matt walked into the Sherriff’s department.  Shaking hands with the deputy behind the desk, Matt explained why he was there.
“Yes sir.  I’ll get the Sherriff for you,” the deputy said.
Matt took a seat and waited.
“Come on back to my office,” the Sherriff waved Matt back.
“Seems your brother may have been drugged before his accident,” the Sherriff told Matt slapping the file against his desk.
Matt picked up the file, perused through it, and laid it back on the desk.  He raised an eyebrow at the drug found in his brother’s drink.  It was not like Derek to be so sloppy.
“So someone doused his coke and then ran him off the road,” Matt asked.
“Looks that way,” the Sherriff replied.  “Know anyone who would be after your brother?”
Matt filled the Sherriff in on Amber’s case and the Sherriff promised to keep his eyes open for any leads.  Matt shook the Sherriff’s hand and left the station to go back to the hospital.  He hoped Derek would be awake to talk about what he had discovered.



♥ Chapter 11 ♥


Amber breathed a sigh of relief when Matt told her Derek would be fine.  However, to be sure, Amber called the hospital Matt had mentioned and asked about Derek herself.  Confident he had nothing more than a slight concussion and a few bruises Amber ran up the stairs and began to pack her bags.  She would not be responsible for Derek’s death.
Amber grabbed her atlas and decided to stick to her plan before Derek had tracked her down.  With any luck, she would be well on her way to Washington before Derek and Matt made it back home.
Amber was so concerned about Derek she didn’t see the car parked a few houses down from Matt’s.  She threw her bags in her car and pulled out of the drive.  Normally so careful, Amber paid no attention to her surroundings or to the other cars on the road.
Her tank was already full and she had grabbed a couple of things from the pantry so she would not have to stop for a while.  She would continue her route and head down through Georgia into Florida.  She would drive around for several days before heading back west and then north toward Washington.  She felt sure if she could get far enough away, she could get lost forever.  This time she would have to leave it all behind, including her friend.  She would call Olivia from the road one last time and tell her goodbye.
Amber drove through the dark for a couple of hours before beginning to feel tired.  Her emotions were strained and she felt physically sick.  She had not had any sleep that night.  But she knew if she could just make it until daylight, she would be fine.  She didn’t want to stop until she had put several hours between her and Derek.  She wouldn’t begin to look for a hotel until the next evening.
Amber rolled down her window slightly and cranked up the radio.  She sang for the next couple of hours and breathed a sigh of relief as the sun began to come up.  Pulling off the interstate, Amber gassed up her car and stopped for a real breakfast and some coffee.  She pulled through a drive thru instead of eating in so she could get back on the road.
Slipping her coffee into a cup holder and placing her biscuit on the seat beside her, Amber pulled out of the parking lot.  She followed a highway instead of getting back on the interstate and would take a bite at the red lights.  By her calculations she would hit the Florida line in just a few more hours.

Ah yes, the little rabbit was on the run again.  He was hoping this would be her reaction.  And so scared she was making it easy for him to follow her.  If she kept this up he would be able to take her easily.  Maybe his blond, beauty was tired of the games also.  Maybe she wanted him to follow her.  He smiled in anticipation.  Yes, she was making it very easy.

Matt and Derek came home to an empty house.  Assuming Amber had gone to work, Derek filled his brother in on what he had learned.  The police had been able to salvage the papers and folder from his car and Matt took those and looked over them.
“So, my profile was on target,” Matt said.
“You know it was, brother,” replied Derek wincing as he sat on the couch in his brother’s living room.
“I just don’t understand how you let this guy get the drop on you,” Matt said.
“It must have happened when I was paying the waitress.  I left the table to go to the bathroom and she had brought a cup for me to pour my drink into.  He must have slipped something in it while I was washing my hands,” Derek said.
“Rookie mistake,” Matt smirked.
Derek winced again.  “You don’t have to tell me twice.”
“The Sherriff said you are lucky to be alive.  Said a couple more feet to the left and your car would have plummeted about twenty-five feet down,” Matt replied.
Derek whistled low.  “He’s right.  I am lucky to be alive.”
“We need to get a lock on this guy now that you have proof he is Amber’s stalker and the one who tried to kill you last night,” Matt told him.
“We also need to get to Amber.  He may have gone after me for the same reason he did the others or he may have found out that I’m an FBI agent.  If so, he will go after Amber next and we can’t take that chance,” Derek said.
“You’re right but she will be safe while she's at the hospital.  He won’t be stupid enough to try something there.  But just in case, I’ll send a detective to check on her,” Matt said.
“Thanks,” Derek replied.
Both men checked into their offices and touched base with their bosses.  Derek told Tom about the accident and the information he had obtained from Professor Genson at the college.  After assuring Tom he was fine, Derek hung up the phone.  Matt hung up about the same time and the brothers talked about the plan they needed to put into action to lure the maniac out of hiding.  
After another hour of discussion and debating, Matt decided Derek needed to rest.  An argument ensued but in the end Matt won the debate by explaining they would both need their rest if they were going to catch Amber’s stalker.  Amber was safe; they could rest and be ready for whatever the evening brought them.  Both men walked up to their beds and lay down.

Finally crossing over into Florida, Amber decided she had enough time between her and Derek to stop and get lunch.  She needed to stretch and get more coffee.  Her cell phone had not rung so she was sure Derek had not found that she was gone yet.  She didn’t know if he had not made it home yet or if he was home and assumed she was at work.  Either way it was buying her more time.  And the more time she had to get away, the less likely her stalker would try to hurt him again.
Amber saw a sign that promised several fast food choices at the next exit so she slowed her car and put on her signal.  She was in dire need of a bathroom.  She decided to gas up again even though she wasn’t quite on empty then found a fast food place that looked clean and appetizing.  She quickly used the bathroom and placed her order.
Finding a booth off to herself, Amber gripped her coffee and slowly sniffed.  She was so tired she debated stopping for the night right where she was.  She shook herself.  She could make it a few more hours then she would sleep straight through the night.
Amber slowly ate her lunch, drank her coffee, and stood to throw her trash away.  She decided to call Olivia to let her know what had happened and tell her she would not be contacting her again for a while.
Amber dialed Olivia’s number as she walked to her car.  Climbing inside, she heard her friend pick up the phone.
“Hello,” Olivia answered.
“Hey, Livy,” Amber said.
“Amber, it’s so good to hear from you.  How are you,” Olivia asked.
“I’m good,” Amber replied.  “How are you?”  She wanted to gage Olivia’s mood and state of mind before dropping a bomb shell on her.
“I’m doing great.  I have gone back to work and I feel so much better.  Your visit was just what I needed, Amber, thank you for coming,” Olivia said.
“I’m so glad you feel better.  How’s Patrick,” asked Amber.
“He’s good,” Olivia replied.  “He has left again to take care of his aunt that has been sick.  Sometimes I wonder if that woman will ever die,” Olivia joked.
“That’s so sweet that he is so devoted to her,” Amber replied.
“Yes, but I miss him when he is gone.  Sometimes I just need him in bed beside me at night,” said Olivia.
“I understand.  Look, Olivia, I have to tell you something,” Amber began.  She told Olivia about the accident involving Derek and how she was on the run again.  She told her Derek’s suspicion that her phone may be bugged and said she would not be calling her again for a while.
“Amber, do you think that is wise.  Derek can protect you,” Olivia said.
“I thought so too, Livy, but look what happened.  Anyone is vulnerable as long as we don’t know who this guy is,” replied Amber.
“I understand, Amber.  But I will be worried about you,” Olivia said.
“I know.  I will try to find a way to let you know I'm okay,” Amber replied.
The girls talked a little longer as Amber drove.  It may be the last time she would hear Olivia’s voice and she wanted to take advantage.  Eventually they said their goodbyes.  Amber hung up the phone with tears streaming down her face.  She was going to miss Olivia.  She was the only one who had kept her sane through this whole nightmare.
Amber turned up the radio as she continued down the interstate.  She tried to get the thought of how lonely she was going to be out of her mind.  She laughed as she thought about the many adventures her and Olivia had gotten into.  Before long, Amber had dried her tears and had only happy thoughts running through her head as she continued to drive.

Waking from his nap, Derek stumbled down the stairs to the sound of his brother’s voice on the telephone.  He began looking for some Tylenol for his pounding head when the tension in Matt’s voice had him walking back to where his brother sat on the phone.
“What do you mean she’s not at work,” Matt was saying.
Matt listened to the voice on the other end of the line, his neck muscles getting tighter.
“Find her,” he snapped ending the call quickly.
“Find who,” Derek asked quietly.
Matt whirled around to see his brother standing behind him.
“Amber didn’t show up for her shift at work today,” Matt told Derek.
“What,” Derek yelled.
“Calm down, I’ve got my best agent on it.  We’re looking for her,” Matt replied.
“What if he already has her,” Derek asked. 
“We will find her, Derek,” Matt assured his brother.
Derek ran upstairs and searched Amber’s room.  Finding her clothes gone, he knew she had left again.  If her stalker had her, she would not have packed her clothes.  Derek turned and saw Matt in the doorway looking at him.
“She ran.  She must have heard about the accident and is trying to get away from him,” Derek said.
“She seemed upset yesterday when she came home from work.  I thought it was because you were not home, but she tried to call you several times.  Do you think something happened at work that she didn't tell me about,” Matt asked.
“Pull the surveillance at the hospital.  We need to know what we are dealing with,” Derek said as he reached for his cell phone.  Pick up Amber, he silently pleaded.  When he got her voice mail he simply hung up.
Matt drove to the hospital to see if they could find anything on the security monitors while Derek threw his clothes into a bag.  They already had an APB out on her vehicle and Derek had his tracking device.  If she hadn’t ditched the car, he could locate her if he got close enough.
At the hospital the security guards pulled the tapes from the previous evening and Matt saw a man dressed in jeans and a pull over walk over to Amber’s car and leave a note on the windshield.  The guard, on Matt’s instructions, fast forwarded the tape until Amber’s shift was over and he watched as Amber walked to her car, stop suddenly, and then slowly pull the note from her windshield.  He could see the fear on her face and wanted to kick himself for not noticing her anxiety the evening before.  It was his fault she was on the run again, alone, and in the path of a monster.
Derek swore his way through Atlanta traffic trying his best to get to the interstate as quickly as possible.  Matt was having his office triangulate Amber’s cell but Derek was sure she had headed toward Florida.  He just hoped he could reach her in time.  Matt had already called with the information he had from the hospital surveillance video and he had his team tracking the whereabouts of the suspect.  With any luck, the stalker would still be at work and nowhere near Amber.
Derek continued to try to reach Amber’s cell phone.  By now he was panicking.  He needed to hear her voice, to know she was alright.  He wanted to tell her to turn around.  He knew the identity of her stalker and he would stop him for her.  But she didn’t answer and Derek couldn’t say what he needed to say.
He continued to race down the interstate dodging traffic and driving as fast as he dared.  He knew his brother was doing everything he could to locate her.  He needed to reach her before it was too late.



♥ Chapter 12 ♥


Around sundown Amber couldn’t hold her eyes open any longer.  She needed a good night’s rest before continuing on.  She pulled over to a hotel and booked a room.  She grabbed her overnight bag and locked the car door.  Amber didn’t even bother with supper.  She walked into the room, dropped her bag and started to change into her nightshirt.
Her phone was almost dead from the number of times Derek had tried to reach her.  She refused to talk to him.  If she did, she might turn around and go back.  She couldn’t do that.  She wouldn’t take the chance he could be killed.  Much like Olivia, she cared about him too much.  If she was really honest with herself, she had fallen in love with the FBI agent.  She couldn’t take it if something happened to him.  It was best she stay far away until she knew who was stalking her.
Amber plugged her cell phone into the wall, popped a sleeping pill and lay down.  She wanted oblivion tonight.  She didn’t want to think about Derek, Olivia or her stalker.  She wanted to sleep and not wake up until morning.
Dozing off to sleep, Amber began having dreams about being chased.  Someone was after her but she couldn’t see his face.  She couldn’t open her eyes.  She kept stumbling and falling down because she couldn’t see where she was going.  Why couldn’t she open her eyes?  If she could see, she could get away.  Wake up, she screamed to herself.  Wake up.  But it was no use.
Amber kept running but she could hear him getting closer and closer.  She could hear laughter, maniacal laughter that told her he was coming.  She screamed.
Amber sat up in bed drenched in sweat.  Heart pounding she told herself it was just a dream.  She climbed out of bed and got a glass of water to calm herself.  She sat on the side of her bed until her heart stopped racing and she could breathe normally.  When the shuddering stopped, Amber crawled back under the covers and drifted slowly back to sleep.

Derek was still driving frantically.  They knew where she was, but his instincts told him to hurry.  He was still a few hours away.  They had tried to track down her stalker but had been told he was out of town.  This news had Derek driving like a madman to get to her.  Local police were parked outside her hotel, but there were still warning bells going off in his head.
Matt had stayed in Atlanta to coordinate with local authorities and fill them in on all the details.  State and local police were cooperating, but no one had seen the vehicle they believed the stalker was driving.  They had already checked out where he was supposed to be.  The aunt he had been taking care of had passed away more than a year earlier.  Apparently, he had not informed his wife of this.  So far the authorities had been unable to locate him.  Matt knew this fact was driving his brother over the edge.
He prayed they would find Amber before her stalker did.  For his brother’s sake, they needed to get to her quickly.  His gut was also screaming at him.
Derek and Matt stayed in constant communication as Derek drove.  He knew exactly what was happening as if in real time.  The closer he got to Amber’s hotel, the more nervous he became.  It would be a little after sunrise before he made it.  He prayed it would not be too late.

Around five the next morning, Amber stretched and started to sit up in bed.  She heard a sound that made her freeze.
“It’s about time, Sleeping Beauty,” a male voice called out from the shadows.
Amber looked around but at first saw no one.
“We have to get going soon, sweetheart, you need to get packed,” the voice called again.
This time Amber recognized the sound.  “Patrick,” she asked with a tremor in her voice.  Surely not.  Not Olivia’s husband.
“Yes.  Don't act like you didn't know.  I have wanted to hear you say my name for so long,” he sighed.  “Now, as lovely as you are in your nightshirt, I need you to get dressed so we can leave here.  I don’t need any of those local cops parked outside your car following us.  Is there something you forgot to mention about Derek?  The cops showed up at your hotel too quickly for your boyfriend to simply be in finance.  No matter, we will be long gone before he catches up to you.”
Amber shook her head.  “I’m not going anywhere with you,” she stated.
Patrick simply chuckled.  He turned on a lamp and Amber saw the steel of a gun barrel leveled at her heart.  She jumped out of bed, grabbed her bag and ran to the bathroom.
“Don’t be long, my love, my patience has worn thin with these games we have been playing.  Four and a half years is long enough, don’t you think,” Patrick called out to Amber.
Amber dressed quickly, splashed water on her face and repacked her bags.  She wanted a shower but didn’t dare with Patrick in the room.  Hoping to grab her cell phone Amber walked back to the bedside table but saw only her empty charger still plugged into the wall.
“Looking for this,” Patrick asked as he held up her phone.  “You won’t need it for a while.”  He threw her phone on the floor and stepped on it, crushing it beneath his weight.
Amber groaned silently.  She had no way of letting anyone know where she was.  “Why are you doing this,” she whispered.  “You’re married to my best friend.”
Patrick laughed.  “Olivia?  I just married her to keep track of you.  It was easy reeling her in.  And I am her loving husband.  She told me everything.  She enjoyed talking about you.  Every time you called I heard all about it.  I didn’t even have to pry the information out of her.  She had no idea she was leading me right to your door every time,” Patrick laughed again.  It was a hysterical type of laughter that made Amber shudder.
“I don’t understand.  Why me,” Amber asked.
Patrick glared at Amber.  “You don't remember?  You smiled at me so sweetly that first day of class.  I was so shy, knew no one on campus and there you were.  A beautiful, blond, beauty smiling at a nerd like me.  Everyone questioned my choice to be a nurse, made fun of me for it.  But that first day in class, you looked at me and smiled as if I were the only man in the world.  I will never forget that day,” Patrick said.
“I don’t remember you,” Amber said softly.
“How could you not remember,” Patrick snarled.  “That was the greatest day of my life.”
“I’m sorry.  I don’t remember you,” Amber insisted.
Patrick continued to talk as if Amber had said nothing.  “That was the greatest day.  I was so looking forward to class the next day.  I wanted to see your beautiful face, your smile.  But you were not there.  You didn’t come back to class for two weeks.  And when you did, you looked right through me as if I didn’t even exist.  You looked at me like every other girl has always looked at me.  Every day, the same thing.  I would smile, you would look right through me.”
Amber thought back.  “That was the day my parents died,” she replied.  She remembered getting the call from Olivia’s parents that said she needed to come home.  Olivia by her side, she drove back to Alma to bury both her mother and her father.
“No excuses, Amber,” Patrick replied nastily.
Amber wondered if he had ever talked that way to Olivia.  Surely her friend would have noticed she was living with a maniac.
“What about Olivia?  Didn’t you love her at all?  You were going to have a baby with her,” Amber said 
Patrick laughed again.  The sound made Amber’s stomach clench.
“I couldn’t let her have that baby,” Patrick replied.  “I did everything I could to make sure she didn’t get pregnant, but somehow the bitch managed it.  But I took care of it.  I made sure she didn’t have the brat.  Only you will have my babies,” Patrick said.
Amber thought she was going to be sick.  She was truly dealing with a lunatic and she was unsure how to handle the situation.  Maybe if she kept him talking, she would be able to come up with a solution.  It wasn’t as if Derek would be able to come rescue her.  He didn’t know where she was.
The sun was just beginning to peak through her curtains as she asked, “You mean you never loved Olivia, even a little?”
“Jealous are we,” asked Patrick.  “Never fear, darling.  I’ve saved all my love and devotion for you.  I simply had to put up with her sloppy kisses and haphazard lovemaking until the day we could be together.  Now, no one will come between us.”  Patrick laughed again.  “Grab your things or we will leave without them.”
“Wait,” Amber cried.  Thinking quickly, she lowered her head and asked softly, “Tell me how you were able to get rid of those men and make it look like an accident.”  It made her physically ill to play into his sick fantasy but she wanted to keep him talking.
“That part was easy,” Patrick bragged.  Proud of his accomplishments and having no idea the authorities were onto him, Patrick explained in great detail each and every victim he had hurt or killed during the four years of torture Amber had endured.  It took him a long time to go through all of them, and the longer he talked the more excited he became.  It was like an aphrodisiac for him.
Amber was getting nauseous listening to the maniac who had turned her world upside down.  She didn’t know how much more she could take.  Suddenly, there was a knock on her door.
“Amber,” Derek yelled.  “Open this door or I will kick it in.”
Amber screamed as Patrick lunged for her.
Derek heard Amber’s scream and did just as he had threatened.  He kicked the door down.  Once inside, Derek’s heart stopped.  Patrick had Amber locked tight against his chest with a gun pointed at her head.
“Come any closer, Derek, and I will shoot her,” Patrick snarled.
“Put the gun down, Patrick,” Derek said calmly.  “You won’t get away with this.  The police have this room surrounded.”
“If you care about her at all you will leave this room now and call off the cavalry,” Patrick replied.  “I will kill her.”
“I can’t do that, Patrick,” Derek said drawing his own gun.  He refused to look at her afraid if he did, he would make a mistake that would cost Amber her life.
Derek and Patrick circled the room, guns drawn.  Amber decided she could not do this anymore.  It had to end now.  One way or another.  Screaming Derek’s name, she lifted her feet and went limp in Patrick’s arms becoming dead weight.  When she did, it threw Patrick off balance and he looked down, lowering the gun.  Derek took that split second and fired his weapon.  It was a clean shot.
Amber sobbed as she crawled away from Patrick’s lifeless body.  Derek ran to her, grabbed her up, and hugged her as local police poured into the hotel room.  Quickly sidestepping the body, Derek walked out of the room with Amber in his arms.  He told the cops he was taking her to another hotel and he would call with their whereabouts so they could get statements later in the day.

Later that afternoon when Amber woke from a long, drug induced sleep, Derek was waiting for her.  He filled her in on what he had learned the day before and she told him the reason Patrick had been infatuated.
Derek took her to the police station and they were able to give their statements.  As soon as they were through, Amber asked Derek to take her home.  She was still trying to figure out how Olivia was going to take this news and hoped her fragile friend would not be further shattered by what she would soon learn.
Derek and Amber drove the entire way to Atlanta in near silence.  Amber could not bring herself to think about or talk about the last few days anymore.  She needed time to process what had happened, but she wasn’t fully ready to face it.  Derek was still hurt by the fact she had left without talking with him first.  He understood her logic, but it still stung.  Neither could bring themselves to discuss the thoughts rolling through their heads.
Arriving back at his brother’s house, Derek unloaded their bags and urged Amber to get some rest.  Complying, Amber walked up the stairs and crawled into her bed without even changing.  She needed sleep.  Deep, pain free, thoughtless, sleep.
Derek came into the house, deposited their bags, and called his brother.  Matt had left to tell Olivia in person what had happened and about her husband’s involvement.  He thought Amber would appreciate it coming from him rather than a cold deputy who had no idea of the bond between the girls.  He hoped he could be of some small comfort to Amber’s friend.  She had already been through so much.
After talking with his brother and finding out Olivia’s reaction to the news, Derek walked upstairs to check on Amber.  Finding her fully clothed, he undressed her and pulled a night shirt from her bag.  He put it on her then took off his own clothes and crawled in bed beside her.  He needed to hold her and she needed to be held even though she was already asleep.
Amber snuggled further into Derek as he pulled her close.  She was unaware of the gesture but he was not.  He held her all night barely sleeping himself.  In the morning, the two would need to talk.  He would suggest a counselor for the nightmare she had been through and possibly one for Olivia as well.  They would both need help getting through this.  Hopefully, they would still have each other.



♥ Epilogue ♥


Olivia was by her side two years later as Amber married the stranger that had come to her rescue.  It had taken awhile for the two friends to cope with what had happened, but they helped each other get through the hard times.  Both spoke to a counselor and even had a few sessions together.
Derek asked to be reassigned to his brother’s office in Atlanta so Amber could keep her job and stay close to Olivia.  Amber helped Olivia find a position at the hospital she worked and Olivia moved to Atlanta.  She needed a change of scenery and wanted to get away from the place where she had lived with the maniac stalking her best friend.
Matt stood by Derek’s side as he married the woman of his dreams and wondered if he would meet someone as wonderful as Amber one day.  Could he give up his bachelor lifestyle if the right woman turned his head?
Derek, believing himself the luckiest man in the world, kissed his new bride and thanked God for bringing her into his life.  He had never thought it possible to find a woman who understood the hazards that came with his job who wouldn’t run the other direction at the thought of sharing a life with him.  Amber was a special woman.  And she was all his.
Amber looked at the man she had just married and smiled.  It wasn’t long ago she had tried to run from him, thinking to protect him, but he had found her and protected her instead.  He was her hero and she loved this man with all her heart.  As she looked around at their friends and family, she couldn’t help feeling a little sad that her parents were not there to see this day.
The couple laughed and danced their way through the reception.  Amid well-wishers and a shower of confetti, they climbed into a limousine and drove away.  They were ready to start their “happy ever after”.

#####



♥ Deadly Desire ♥
Book Two

She was exquisite.  Long black hair and light brown eyes that reflected the light around her.  He had to have her.  He would add her to his collection.  She didn't know he was watching her, but none of them had known he was watching.  
This was the part he was good at.  Picking out the pretties to add to his list of beauties that died by his hand.  He enjoyed this.  The watching, the waiting, and the games they did not even know they were playing.  
Yes, she would die.  Not tonight, he had to finish playing with the one he already had.  But when he was ready, he would be back for the raven haired beauty.

Doctor Kristin Young walked into the exam room.
"Hello, Johnny.  How are you today," she asked the five year old sitting on her table.
"Hi.  I waust my first toof, Doctour Woung," Johnny replied in his lisping five year old voice.
"You did," Kristin asked putting just the right amount of excitement into her voice.
"Uh huh," Johnny said nodding his head vigorously.
"Well, let me see," replied Kristin.
She laughed as Johnny grinned at her, opened his mouth, and pointed out his accomplishment.
"Wow, you did lose a tooth.  Didn't you," asked Kristin.  "So tell me what is going on with you today?"
Kristin listened as Johnny told her about his adventures of playing cops and robbers with one of his friends at the day care he attended while his mother worked.  He had fallen off of the monkey bars and had a nasty little cut on his forehead.  Kristin kept Johnny talking while she probed and cleaned the cut.  
"Did you get the bad guys," she asked Johnny.
Kristin's patients loved her.  She interacted with each child as if they were her own and when they were in her exam room, they were the most important person in the world.  She always talked with them about their symptoms, what they were feeling, and gathered as much information from the child as she did the parents, providing the child was old enough to talk to her.
Kristin, a pediatrician in the Atlanta area, owned a small private practice not far from downtown.  With her natural love and devotion to children, it did not take long to build a practice to just the size she wanted.  She had gotten to the stage where she could be as picky about what patients, or mothers, she accepted, as the mothers were about choosing a pediatrician.
Listening to Johnny's excited chatter about the game he played with his friend made her smile.  He was so into his story and what he was telling her, he did not even realize she had to put three stitches into the cut he received for his adventure.
"My, you put all of them in jail," she asked.
"Yep, all ov 'um.  Me and Kyle make a gweat team, huh doctour," asked Johnny.
"You do make a great team," Kristin replied smiling at the little blond headed imp on her table.  Johnny was one of the first of Kristin's patients when she started her practice.  She knew the child and mother well.  Johnny was forever getting into scrapes.  He was a rambunctious child.  Kristin would be worried if he wasn't.  She often explained to his mother she would be more concerned for the child if she didn't see the bumps and bruises that told her he was an active, happy child.
Turning to the mother she said, "He should be fine now.  If he complains of a headache, and he should with that nasty bump, just give him a little children's Tylenol or Motrin and he should be just fine.  I think he will live to seek out many more adventures."  Kristin winked at Johnny.
"Thanks, Doctor Young.  I appreciate you seeing us on such short notice.  I just panicked seeing him bleeding like that," Johnny's mother replied.
"No problem, Susie.  That's what I'm here for.  Never worry about needing to call me," Kristin said as she grabbed Johnny and swung him off her table.
"You know where the big boy sucker drawer is right, Johnny," she asked, though she already knew the answer to that question.
Johnny nodded and took off running across the room.  His mother laughed and shook her head.  Kristin was still smiling as she stepped out of the exam room and into the next to see her next patient.
Kristin had a full schedule that day, which always made her smile, but took a lot out of her by the end of the day.  She was about ready to call it quits for the day when her receptionist reminded her about the new couple coming to interview her to be their new pediatrician.  Kristin sighed and put her white lab coat back on.  She knew most parents wanted a doctor that looked professional and qualified and while she was certainly both, she did not look like it.
Good genes handed down on both her mother and father's side of the family had the thirty-three year old doctor looking more like a twenty-one year old college student.  Most of the parents who interviewed her were shocked by her appearance.
Kristin had long, raven, black hair that reached just past her shoulders and light brown eyes.  Standing at just five foot three, she was a little on the short side.  She was small and petite and looked as though she should be modeling rather than giving shots and taking temperatures.  But Kristin loved what she did and it showed as she animatedly described her practice and her beliefs.  
Most of the people who came to see Kristin were there because another patient's parents had highly recommended her.  It still did not take away from the shock of meeting her for the first time and could be a turn off for some parents.  Kristin was fine with this.  She knew what she was capable off and did not need the judgment of others as she was treating their children.  She either had the parent's full trust or she recommended they try another pediatrician.
Usually the high recommendations from her patients' parents were enough to convince other parents to seek out her services.  Kristin doted on her patients and most parents enjoy when others notice and praise their child's accomplishments.  Her love of children and her energetic personality combine to put parents at ease when she is treating their child.
Kristin's patients ranged in age from new born babies all the way up to eighteen years of age when she would often recommend a general practice doctor for the young adult.  She had a few patients who have separation anxiety due to Down syndrome or some other mental disease and so she continued to see those patients, but mostly her waiting room was full of babies and toddlers.
Looking over the file her receptionist had started on the new family, she remembered the new mother-to-be's name from her work at the hospital when her new patients were born.  No doubt that is where the mother had heard of her.  Amber and Derek Stevenson were expecting their first baby in three months and the mother wanted her to be their pediatrician.
She read the information her receptionist had gathered.  Mary Stone had been with her since she started her practice.  She knew exactly what Kristin was looking for in a parent and often discouraged those she knew where not a good fit.  It saved Kristin a lot of time and headache.  Mary was more than just a receptionist.
Mary and Kristin had been friends in high school.  Never dreaming the two would work together someday, they went their separate ways during college always keeping touch.  Mary wanted to work in an office and Kristin wanted to be a doctor.  After finishing medical school and working for another doctor at first, Kristin contacted Mary about opening her own office.  
Mary jumped at the chance to work with Kristin and help her build her practice.  Refusing to do managerial work, Mary preferred to interact with the parents and chose to stay the receptionist although Kristin had complete faith in Mary's ability to run her office.  She knew Mary secretly did run the office though Kimber, her office manager would never admit that out loud.  
Kristin loved her staff and was happy with the work ethic of everyone she employed.  She wasn't sure how she had been lucky enough to have as great of a staff as she did, but she contributed a lot of it to Mary.  
Kristin looked up from the file she was reading as Mary walked in.  Her receptionist was the same age as she but slightly taller at five foot five.  She had beautiful auburn hair which she usually kept clipped back out of her face.  Her lightly tanned skin and brilliant green eyes often draws stares from the men who walk into their office, but Mary pays no attention.  
"The Stevenson's are here to see you," Mary said.
"Thanks, Mary.  You can send them in."
Although the girls were the best of friends, they both knew how to act professional in the office and in front of patients.  Mary led the Stevenson's into the office and introduced them to Kristin.
"Doctor Young, I'd like you to meet Derek and Amber Stevenson," she said and then turned and left the room.
Kristin stood and shook hands with both Derek and his wife recognizing Amber from the hospital where she worked as a nurse.  Amber sometimes filled in for sick or vacationing nurses in the maternity ward and she and Kristen had worked together a few times.
"It's nice to meet you, Derek.  And it is good to see you again, Amber," she said warmly, sitting back down behind her desk.  She decided Amber must have prepared Derek well for her appearance because he didn't bat an eye at her youthful face.
"It's nice to see you again too, Doctor Young," Amber said.
The ladies talked about their work at the hospital, forming a bond as Derek watched them interact.  Amber had already described the petite, young, doctor to him so he was not surprised when he met her.  He had complete faith in his wife's ability to choose a pediatrician for their first child and she said Kristin Young was the best.
"I know your reputation from the hospital," Amber was saying.  "And I also know you are choosey about your patients."
"I am very careful who I choose to see although I do not often share that fact," Kristin said.
Amber laughed.  "Nurses talk," she replied.
Kristin smiled and nodded and asked the couple a few questions.  She then took them on a tour of her office, gave them the run down on her credentials, and explained her policies regarding her patients.  She wanted any of her parents to know they could call her anytime with a question regarding their children and she would get back with them at her earliest convenience.  If parents called the office afterhours, her cell and pager numbers were both listed as emergency numbers.  
Amber nodded as Kristin talked.  She already knew she wanted Kristin as her pediatrician and hoped she would accept them.  She did not begrudge the young doctor for being choosey about her patients.  She understood how many parents could ruin a doctor's reputation if you did not handle them properly.  Kristin just wanted to treat children.  She didn't want the drama that came with the parents.  Because of these facts and her reputation at the hospital, Amber had not even discussed or looked for another pediatrician.
Kristin liked the Stevenson's immediately.  Ending the tour she turned to Amber and said, "Welcome to my practice.  I would love to treat your child."
"'Thank you, Doctor Young," Amber responded with a smile.
"Please, call me Kristin," she told her.  "After all, we do work together, and now we will probably see more of each other."
The couple shook hands with the doctor again and left the office.  Kristin went back to her desk, took off her lab coat, and hung it on the coat rack in the corner of her office.  As she looked around, she couldn't help but be proud of her accomplishments.  She had been told by college professors, fellow students, and other colleagues she would not be able to cut it as a physician.  She had been criticized, mocked, and laughed at from the time she began medical school until a couple of years after starting her practice.  
Now, she was a well-known pediatrician whom many of her colleagues respected and admired.  She was often asked to consult on difficult cases.  She smiled to herself.  The mocking and criticisms only made her more determined to work harder.  And she had done what everyone had told her she couldn't.

Matthew Stevenson was having one hell of a day at his office.  The state police were all over him for not getting back to them sooner.  They had a serial killer on their hands and they needed a profile fast.  He tried explaining it didn't work that way.  He needed their files, everything they had.  He needed time to study what they had. And then, after days of studying and hours of concentration, he would give them a profile.
The state didn't want to wait.  He understood that.  The Governor wanted answers and so far no one had any.  "The Georgia Terror", as the media had dubbed him, first came on the scene about two years ago from what they could tell.  It wasn't until about six months earlier that the different counties he had visited began to connect it back to one man.
TGT, as the state now called him, liked to carve up his victims slowly and carefully, letting them bleed for days.  From what they could tell so far, he started at their feet so they could not run.  While slicing up their feet, he would carve a heart into his victim's right ankle.  
This had led the police to identify eight victims so far, each from a different county in Georgia, and each dumped in another county in Georgia.  They speculated he was at one body per three months.
Matt decided he would have to visit each county to get the information he needed from each case as the locals were not very forthcoming with all of the evidence.  Each was too concerned with solving their own cases to allow the Federal Bureau of Investigation to interfere.  Once the media had gotten wind of the connection between the bodies, the individual police departments had no other alternative but to hand over the evidence.  He believed in cooperation and giving credit where is was due, so going to each local county and talking with the cops involved in the different investigations was best all around.
Thanks to the media, Georgia residents were in a panic.  This could be good and bad.  Good, because girls of the type of TGT's victims were being careful not to go out alone.  Bad, because vigilantes, seeing something they think is suspicious, tend to hurt innocent people.  Matt sighed and ran his hand across his face.
Matt reached for the phone and called his brother.  He hated to bother him, but he wanted his input.  Derek was with his wife looking for a baby doctor, but Matt knew this couldn't wait.  He also knew his new sister-in-law would understand the urgency.
"Derek Stevenson," Derek answered the phone.
"Hey, Derek," Matt said.
"Hey, Matt.  What's up?  Miss me already," Derek teased his brother.
"Yeah, you know I just can't do my job properly without little brother looking over my shoulder," Matt quipped back.  He had been thrilled when Derek had requested a transfer from his job in Washington, D.C., to his office in Atlanta.  The brothers had often conferred on cases during their career but none so much as when Derek was tracking the stalker of the woman who was now his wife.
They worked well together and everyone in the Bureau liked the matchup.  The brothers solved cases.
Matt filled Derek in on the cases coming across his desk and informed him he would need to go out of town to look into them.
"Want me to come with," asked Derek.
"I could definitely use your insight, but I don't want to take you away from Amber so close to her delivery," Matt replied.
"Amber will understand.  Besides, the baby isn't due for three months.  Surely we will have caught up with this maniac by then," Derek answered.
Matt breathed a sigh of relief.  With the Governor breathing down his neck it would be nice to have Derek along for the ride.  Two sets of eyes are always better than one.  "Thanks, Derek," Matt said.
"No problem, Brother."  Derek hung up the phone and turned to Amber who was looking at him with a question in her eyes.  He explained what Matt had just told him and she agreed he needed to go with Matt.  She assured him she would be just fine.  They had just returned from the doctor's office so Amber went upstairs to pack a bag for her husband.  
After finishing that task, Amber went into her kitchen and packed some homemade goodies for the men.  Both enjoyed her cooking so she packed as much as she could so they would not have to eat fast food everyday they were gone.  She kissed her husband and sent him on his way.
She thought about what Derek had told her.  She hated to think about what those poor girls were going through.  She could relate to being stalked, but thanks to Derek, her stalker had been unable to harm her physically.  Emotionally, yes.  But not physically, although she had no doubt he would have tried.
#####




♥ Author's Note ♥


Thank you for taking the time to read my book.  I would love to hear from you and would like some honest feedback on your thoughts and opinion of my writing.  Whether or not you enjoyed the book, please email me and let me know how I can improve as a writer.  You can reach me at emmagracebooks@yahoo.com and I am on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/emma.grace.1029770.




♥ About the Author ♥


Emma Grace is a small town Southern girl whose love of books has been handed down through the women in her family for many generations.  Emma has often sat with her mother or grandmother each reading their own books and enjoying the others silent company.  Emma is the mother of three beautiful children and is married to a loving, devoted husband.  It was her husband and children who encouraged her to write her own books for others to enjoy.



