
Feathers in the Snow


 
Also by Leigh Macfarlane
Novels:
Smoke
Honey on My Lips
The Heart of Things

Novels Coming Soon:
The Way of Things
Santa’s Surf School
Rock Bottom Ranch

Non-Fiction:
Tailgate Church
Quite Me
Song Poetry


This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events or locales is strictly coincidental.
FEATHERS IN THE SNOW
Copyright © 2019 Leigh Macfarlane
All Rights Reserved
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or used in any manner without written permission of the copyright owner except for the use of quotations in a book review.

First Edition July 2019
ISBN: 
Published by LMCreative
British Columbia, Canada
www.leighmacfarlanecreates.com

Table of Contents

Also by Leigh Macfarlane
Copyright
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five 
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Turn the Page for an Excerpt
About the Author



Feathers IN THE SNOW

 

LEIGH MACFARLANE


LMCREATIVE

 

Merry Christmas with thanks to all the readers out there!

 
 
Chapter One

 

     The wipers on Isla Samms’ Porsche Cayenne were beating over-time. Despite the gloom, she had the headlights on low-beam. It made travelling a bit of a never-ending nightmare, but the truth was, it was just snowing too hard for her to see the road with the brighter lights turned on. Inside the vehicle, the heater was cranked, and the radio was off. Every station was playing the same thing -- Christmas carols. 
     It was enough to make Isla want to hurl. 
     For the past hour of this journey, she’d been having second thoughts about the wisdom of the plan. If the dark country road wasn’t so narrow and the snowbanks so steep on either side of the rutted track, she might even have turned back by now. The thing was, there was simply nowhere safe to turn a vehicle around.
     Isla knew. She’d looked. 
     You’re a long way from jolly ol’ England now, girl, Isla thought to herself, then tapped her brakes in quick succession as she felt the tail-end of the SUV start to skid. 
     Leaning forward over the steering wheel, Isla pressed her nose closer to the windshield and tried that much harder to see through the blizzard she’d apparently blundered into. Not only was this road through the white-capped evergreens narrow and slicker than her mother’s freshly waxed floors back in Kent, it was winding, and slowly heading uphill. Second thoughts or no, Isla didn’t want to ponder the return trip. It was hard to fathom the concept of driving this road -- barely more than a logging access track, really -- on her way back down the hill. 
     She took her eyes off the track in front of her long enough to peep at her odometer. If the road sign she’d read earlier was correct, she should be approaching the driveway entrance anytime now. 
     “You can’t miss it.” In her head, Isla heard the voice of the young woman she’d spoken with on the phone. “The sign is huge.”
     The sign in question was meant to proclaim the entrance to Juniper Hills Equestrian Training and Conference Centre. After all this time driving through the snowstorm, though, Isla was starting to wonder if said sign was truly as immense as advertised. The possibility that she’d driven past, blinded by all the white falling stuff, had started to seem more and more probable the farther up the road she drove. 
     When the lane took a pronounced turn to the left then immediately serpentined back to the right, Isla slowed her Cayenne all the way to a crawl. And there it was. 
     The sign was indeed as large as advertised and was suspended across the driveway by a sturdy -- but open, thank heavens -- ranch gate. A solid foot of snow domed the timber log posts at the entrance to the place. Even with the gate invitingly propped open, Isla looked beyond the entrance carefully before proceeding. When she felt the rumbling underneath her tires, she understood the lack of an enclosed entrance. 
     Cattle gaurd. 
     Her SUV lumbered over, the vehicle shocks doing a fine job of minimizing the jarring inside as the Porsche started across. As if the outside world wanted to make it plain that it had absorbed every single last trembling jolt of her passing, the snow that rested on top of the welcome sign gave way and landed with a giant splat directly in the middle of Isla’s windshield.
     She stopped the car. Had no choice, really, considering she’d been temporarily blinded, and her wipers had taken a few whining seconds to catch up with the new workload. She didn’t blame the car. Withstanding snow dumps were hardly what the designers of Porsche had made their vehicles famous for, after all. 
     When she tried to start forward again, though, Isla found she had a problem. Underneath her seat, the wheels of the SUV spun. Ahead of her, the driveway looked like it hadn’t been ploughed in a week. A single set of tire tracks lay in front of her, marking the way she needed to go, but even those tracks were filling with snow. And there was next to no traction out here. 
     With the tires skidding, Isla slipped the transmission into reverse. She lay on the gas, and the car swayed backwards, then she quickly slipped back into drive and repeated her efforts, attempting to rock the car back into a forward motion. 
     She didn’t think it was going to work. Instead of moving forward, the Porsche seemed to be slipping off the track slightly sideways. Then, much to her relief, one of the wheels found some sort of leverage in the frozen ground, and with a lurch, she was moving forward again. 
     Visibility was already bad, and the gloom of dusk was rapidly cropping off Isla’s field of vision. As the trees to her right thinned, Isla thought she saw a plume of smoke rising far off in the distance downhill to the left, and since the tracks in front of her seemed to lead that way, anyway, Isla followed. As the excuse for a road dipped downward, Isla’s grip tightened on the steering wheel. She kept her attention firmly on the narrow drive as it wove through the trees. 
     She was pumping her brakes furiously in an attempt at slowing her momentum when from behind her she heard a sound midway between a crash and a thump. From her place in the driver’s seat, Isla felt the concussion of something big and heavy jolting the air. Looking in the rear-view mirror, she was horrified to realize she’d narrowly missed being crushed by a falling tree. 
     Said tree had kicked up a blizzard cloud of snow. It had also fallen directly across Isla’s only means of retreat. Apparently, there would be no turning back now.
     “Right,” she said, hoping to calm her thundering heartbeat and racing pulse by speaking aloud, “Onward, then.”
     Somehow, she and the Cayenne made it through the forested track and into a clearing. From there, the valley bottom spread out below her. To her right lay sloped fields, covered in blankets of unblemished white. Summertime pastures, Isla imagined. Considering there was a long A-framed barn with a sloped aluminum roof at the bottom of the fields, Isla was fairly confident in her guess. She felt the pull of the stables like a deep long-lost friend, and for the first time, she was glad she’d let her sister talk her into taking this trip.
    Below her and to the left, a stand of naked deciduous trees curved along the side of the road, their branches bent under the weight of their snowy burdens. Peeking out from behind the trees, Isla could just make out the shape of the lodge tucked away in the hollow of the hills. 
    She had to admit, it was a picturesque spot. From this distance, she could easily imagine turning a photo of the log cabin with its snow-covered roof and spiral of smoke rising from the stone chimney into a pretty postcard. Or a magazine cover, she thought, her mind already planning. 
     The nearer Isla drove, the more the appeal. She realized she was looking at a large country lodge made of thick pine logs rather than a cabin. There was a huge wraparound verandah at the building’s front entrance, although currently large drifts of snow had partially covered its steps. Twinkling white Christmas lights had been strung around the building’s eaves and around the front door, and a large festive wreath had been hung to greet visitors. 
     There were two other vehicles parked to the side of the building, although the lot was rapidly becoming obscured by the falling snow. Isla maneuvered her car next to a blue Ford truck that made her SUV look small. With the motor off, she sat a moment, watching the snow splatter then melt on the Porsche’s still-warm windshield. 
     Outside, the world felt muted and thick as the snow fell. There was no noise other than the sound of her car door slamming. The welcoming aroma of wood smoke drifted her way. For just a moment, Isla tilted her head up to the sky and stuck her tongue out to catch the snowflakes. When the icy drops coated her eyelashes, she smiled. The snow was beautiful now that she’d made it here safely. Pulling her coat tighter around her body, Isla shouldered her overnight bag, grabbed her laptop case, then stomped her way through the silent snowscape and up the slippery flight of stairs.
     A wave of heat greeted her when Isla pushed her way into the lodge. There was a coat rack and boot jack immediately beside the door, and Isla took advantage of both. Setting her boots on a rubber matt, Isla left them melting off the snow, and in sock feet she wandered her way over to the huge stone fireplace that made up the centre of the room.
     Standing in front of the fire, Isla held out her hands to the warmth and listened to the logs crackling. As the heat spread through her clothing, all the tension of her terrible drive slowly drained away and Isla peered around the space.
     There was a large check-in counter directly opposite the front door. Since no one appeared to be manning it, Isla dismissed it. Instead, she admired the combination of drywall and broad beams, rustic leather furnishings with plaid throw blankets and matching pillows scattered about, and the large bearskin rug covering the wood floor. 
     One wall of the room was entirely comprised of a ceiling to floor bookcase, and Isla promised herself she’d check out the titles there. Later. For now, she really needed to find a human being who could direct her to the room she’d reserved. 
     “Hullo? Anyone?” 
     There was no answer to her call. Other than the sound of logs crackling in the fireplace, the place was as silent inside as it was out. Frowning slightly, Isla walked behind the registration counter, then bent and set her garment bag down on top of her laptop case. When she straightened, she caught the hint of a faint but savoury scent. Her stomach gave a complaining rumble, and Isla rested a hand on her belly, then headed down a corridor in the direction of the smell.
     Pushing her way through a swinging door, Isla found herself in an industrial kitchen. A large stainless-steel pot sat on a burner, steam making the lid tremble. That, apparently, was the source of the smell which she had followed and which, up close, was positively wonderful -- and was making Isla’s mouth water. 
     A quick glance around the room showed that this room was also void of people -- a fact which might have concerned Isla if it weren’t for the crackling fire in the main room’s hearth and the fragrantly steaming pot of… whatever this was on the stove. Clearly, someone was around somewhere. Meals did not create themselves, nor did fires lay themselves. 
      Walking to the stove, Isla slipped her hand into the oven mitt she found hanging on a peg and lifted the lid from the pot. A cloud of steam billowed out at her, moist against her face. The scent which rose along with the steam could only be described as heavenly, and without even thinking, Isla dipped the stirring spoon that rested on the surface of the stove into the pot. When the spoon came out covered in bite-sized pieces of some sort of meat plus chunks of potato -- all coated in a thick, dark gravy -- she carefully blew on the food, then popped the spoon into her mouth.
     She closed her eyes and moaned with ecstasy. 
     “Dog’s bollocks that’s brilliant.” 
     Looking around briefly to ensure no one had magically materialized to witness what she was about to do, Isla plunged the spoon back into the pot. The heat inside the simmering pot of stew would burn off any germs she might have, she told herself, feeling guilty, nonetheless, at her blatant double dipping. With a hand cupped beneath the spoon to catch any drips, Isla aimed her second mouthful toward her lips.
     And froze with the spoon halfway there when a door she hadn’t even noticed opened, spilling a blast of freezing air and drifting snowflakes into the room. Along with them, an apparent giant of a man, wrapped in a plaid mack jacket, snow-crusted denims, and a pair of hard-core winter muck boots ploughed inside.
     His arms were full of stacked firewood; his close-shaved hair and beard were covered in a white cap of snow. Catching the gist of what he was muttering to himself, Isla’s eyes widened. She almost laughed at the litany of curses he was aiming at the weather and his own quality of life. Then he noticed her, and the man clamped shut his mouth, and stopped dead in his tracks.
     A pair of dark eyes travelled from Isla’s face to the spoon still hovering near her mouth. When she slid the spoon between her teeth, licking her lips with pleasure when the second bite turned out to be every bit as unforgettable as the first, the man scowled as if he couldn’t fathom her audacity. The rosy lips beneath the slightly frozen looking mustache parted. He dropped his load of wood in an untidy pile behind the door, and pointed one long, gloved finger dead centre at Isla’s chest.
     “Who the hell are you?” 
     His voice was a deep bass rumble. Probably, Isla thought, that dark, growly voice would intimidate most people. On her, evidently, it had the opposite effect.
     As gooseflesh shivered across her arms, a sultry smile lifted Isla’s lips. Feeling suddenly and immensely grateful to her twin sister, Melissa, Isla caught herself wanting to murmur with pleasure again. And this time, the urge had nothing to do with the food.
     It had been Melissa’s idea for Isla to take this trip. A surprise inheritance from a long-lost uncle had been just enough capital for them to start up the travel magazine they’d always dreamed of operating together. Near and Far Magazine had gotten off to a strong first year, but now, with their inaugural Christmas edition, they were both feeling the pressure to create an issue which was truly special. Melissa had the brilliant idea to take separate pre-holiday vacations, then feature the details of each in the magazine. Due to available dates, their trips were cutting it close to deadline. Of course, with the advent of the world wide web, that made no matter. Melissa would not be detoured. 
     “Just say you’ll do it,” her twin urged. “You’re the one who knows about horses, not me.”
     “So, just because mother never got you that pony you were always in shambles about, I get to go freeze my arse off this holiday while you’re in a bikini on a beach at surfer school?”
     “Quite,” Melissa said cheerfully. “Bet you wish you weren’t mother’s favourite now. And besides, maybe you’ll get lucky and meet some delightful cowboy chap who needs his sheets warmed. You’re rather due.” Her sister wiggled her eyebrows, and their business partner, Augusta Chamberlain added what Isla assumed were intended as enthusiastic cowboy sex noises but which, to Isla’s ears, sounded more like a girl cow in pain. 
     “You don’t even like Christmas,” Augusta reminded Isla. “What do you care if you’re stuck in a cabin in the snow for a few days? It’s not like you had other plans.”
     “It’s not a few days,” Isla complained, “It’s a bloody week. And it’s rather dodgy of you to be pushing this, Auggie. Where exactly are you holidaying, then?”
     When the accountant merely winked and smiled coyly, Isla growled at them both and called them a hatful of fondly inappropriate names. This only seemed to please Melissa that much more, and once she was done, Isla had to admit Mellie did have a good brain on her shoulders to come up with the plan.
     So, now here she was, locked in a stare-down with a snowy giant of a man whose name she didn’t know, and whose very presence was apparently enough to make her shiver in some extremely unprofessional places.
     “I’m Isla Samms,” she said walking nearer, hand outstretched in offered greeting. “And you must be…. Santa, I presume?”
      The giant’s coal-black eyes bore into her so that the cutesy smile dimmed on her lips and the breath backed up in her throat. Without another word, the man bent, retrieved his wood, and brushed past her in a trail of woodsy pine scent.
     And on the spot Isla decided she might just have been assigned the right Christmas holiday, after all.


 
Chapter Two
 


     J.T. Cooper bent over the reception counter and squinted at Shawnee’s scribble on the guest ledger, but no matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t make head nor heels of his sister-in-law’s shorthand. 
     “Just write the thing, already,” he muttered, doing his damndest to send one of those telepathic message things to Rye’s wife, who was, as it turned out, not at the hospital having a baby, after all. 
     “Braxton hicks contractions,” his brother and business partner of two years and five months -- ever since J.T. had quit the pro-rodeo circuit -- had explained over the lousy phone connection. J.T. had agreed with Rye’s decision to snag a hotel room in town rather than attempt to drive his very pregnant wife back to the ranch in the middle of a blizzard. But Rye, sneaky son-of-a-gun that he was, had said nothing to J.T. about expecting guests. 
     Guests were not his department. No, the visitors were all Shawnee and Rye’s problem. His responsibilities started and ended with the horses. And that was the way he damn-well liked it. 
     J.T. knew the blonde he’d caught stew-thieving in the kitchen had to be some kind of guest, but damned if he could tell from the records Shawnee kept what he was supposed to do with her. Or where he was meant to put her. 
     Now that he thought about it, he likely should have known guests were expected. Otherwise, why would Shawnee have given him such specific instructions about keeping the stew warmed and the fire topped up? And then there was the fact that Rye made him promise he’d bunk down in the lodge while they were gone. It had seemed unusual at the time. But then, having a baby was a thing. Usual kind of went out the window on a night like that. Or, that’s what he’d thought then, anyway.
     Now, J.T. wanted to kick himself. Even with the storm and his approaching niece or nephew on his mind, he should have caught that one. 
      He knew the instant the blonde British chick entered the room. He didn’t even have to look up. One whiff of that perfume she was wearing and it was as if every last one of his Spidey senses started tingling. Every last one of his juices started sizzling. He could resent her for that alone. 
     As if her very presence hadn’t been irritation enough. 
     He stayed bent over the desk, leaning on his elbows. Without saying a word, his eyes tracked her. 
     She was a little thing. About average height for a woman, he supposed, but built -- what did they call it -- petite. Her curves were feminine, sure, but discreet. Definitely no in your face titties on this one. Her hair was straight and shiny, the colour of wheat at harvest, and she wore it loose and halfway down her back. He wondered if it would be as soft to touch as it looked.
     She walked into the room, moved to stand in front of the reception counter, then met his most irritated gaze head on. Instead of flinching the way most did, she simply stared back calmly as if she were waiting for him to know what to do. The slight smile on her plump lips told him she was aware he had no clue and was patiently amused by that fact. 
     For J.T.’s part, he was still stuck on his perusal of her lips. On a woman whose every other attribute was minimalistic, this woman had the juiciest pair of lips on her. They were the kind of lips a man wanted to suck. The kind of lips J.T. could all too easily picture himself biting.  
     His gaze moved from her lips to her eyes, and when he did it was all too obvious that she’d just read his thoughts. J.T.’s senses sharpened, though, at what he saw in her eyes. If he’d been asking himself how she’d taste, he had the definite impression she wouldn’t mind letting him find out that… and more. Yes, J.T. thought, the look in this woman’s green eyes was purely carnal. Somehow, he got the feeling that in the game of undressing one another with the eyes, the Brit was way ahead of him. 
     Unreasonably enraged, he jerked upright. When he did, he accidentally kicked something solid at his feet.
     “Oh,” said the blonde. Registering the sound of her dismay, J.T. looked down to see what he’d kicked, and at just that moment she sprang forward. She bent over to grab up the items at his feet, and when she straightened, they stood near enough that their chests brushed.
     “Oh,” she said again, and craned her neck back to look up at him, then added, “Blimey. I believe you are the largest man I’ve ever seen.”
     One of J.T.’s eyebrows lifted at that. The look in his eyes went from annoyed to momentarily amused then descended again until he was scorching her with the intensity in his gaze.
     “Lady,” he said, placing his giant hands on her elbows and pushing her so she was forced to take a stumbling step in reverse, “You need to step back.”
     Isla frowned up at him. If her hands had been free, she would have placed them at her hips.
     “My name is Isla, not lady,” she said with some annoyance of her own, “And you, sir, not only did you kick my bag, you have positively atrocious customer service skills.”
     He smiled at her then, a full-on smile that let her see his pearly whites, and had her catching her breath. If she found him appealing while he was all dark and angry, he could make her positively sappy with that smile. 
     “I don’t,” he said, still giving her that panty-melting grin, “Do customers. Ever.”
     Isla laughed -- she simply couldn’t bite it back in time. “I have no doubt. And that may be infinitely wise. Still,” she said, juggling her suitcase in her hand to make the point that she as yet had nowhere to bed down, “If perhaps you wouldn’t mind finding the dear soul who does do customers?” 
     J.T. stared at her a moment longer. Then, with a sigh, he scrubbed a massive hand across the back of his shaved-bald head.
     “Tonight, that would be me.”
     “Oh, well, in that case, I suppose you’d better tell me your name.”
     He ignored her question, just reached under the counter and came up holding a room key, which he handed her. Stepping around her, he started walking, but he paused, looked back when she stayed rooted where she stood.
     “If you want a room, follow me.”
     “Isn’t there paperwork to sign, or something?”
     “Tomorrow.” He turned, resumed walking. His next words were tossed at her over his shoulder. “Shawnee will be back. She’ll take care of all that.”
     Isla’s eyebrows arched. “So, you have a tree removal guy, then?”
     His piercing eyes just looked at her. She got the feeling that he had no idea what she was talking about. 
     “If this Shawnee person is coming here tomorrow, who’s going to move the tree from the driveway?”
     “You’re telling me we have a tree down?”
     “I said so, didn’t I? It was a whisper’s breath from crashing down on my boot.”
     J.T. frowned. His eyes dropped down to her stocking-clad feet, and where she saw where his glance had gone, Isla laughed.
     “No. My boot. On my car.”
     She saw understanding flash on his face.
     “Your trunk. A tree almost fell on the back of your car? Is it blocking the driveway?”
     “Yes, completely. So, as I said, we will need a tree removal person.”
     “You’re looking at him.”
     And, Isla thought, quite enjoying the view. 
     Unlike his surly opinions about looking after guests, the monster of a man sounded positively cheery at the idea of braving sub-zero temperatures to chop away the fallen tree. He even almost smiled again. Isla knew because her breath clogged up in her throat, and when he started walking again, she had to take a deep gulp of air before following him down the hallway.     
     So far, this was the oddest check in she’d ever experienced, with the most intriguing host. And as a travel writer, she’d experienced a few. On the one hand, how often did a hotel concierge set you up with a room without requiring you to practically sign your life away filling in contracts and swiping credit cards? The hotel industry was not the type of business which offered that kind of trust. And then to personally walk you to your room? It was nice. Charming, rustic, countrified. So very Canadian, eh. On the other hand, everything else about this giant of a man screamed go away. He should clearly not be put in charge of hospitality. Ever.
     Regardless, Isla hustled after him as he rounded a corner and disappeared. Then she practically collided with him again when he stopped in front of a door on the main floor. 
     “Hot tub.” He pointed at a door to the right. “Out there. You know where the kitchen is. I’d say for tonight just help yourself, but…”
     Isla grinned. But she already had. So, the giant had a sense of humour underneath that gruff demeanor. Sliding her key into the door, Isla stepped past him into the room.
     “Thanks for the tour, Santa.”
     He sighed darkly. “J.T. My name’s J.T. This here’s a working ranch, lady. We believe in hard work and determination. There ain’t no such thing as Santa Claus.” He paused, then, with so much reluctance in his voice she had to smile, he added, “If you need anything tonight, I’m one floor up first door on the left.”
     “Good to know,” Isla said, and with one last smile, she shut the door. 
     With a scowl on his face, J.T. stood and listened to the sound of her laughing at him from behind the closed door of her room. Muttering curses under his breath, he stalked down the hallway in search of his own room. 
    And refused to admit that the skinny blonde’s laughter tugged at parts of him which hadn’t felt that kind of pull in a hecka long time. 



Chapter Three
 

 
     There wasn’t all that much to the room J.T. had led her to, Isla soon discovered. There was the standard double bed piled with three times as many pillows as any one person could need, and the standard bathroom suite with shallow tub and built-in hair dryer on the wall above the melamine bathroom counter. On that counter was a selection of mini-sized toiletries, and Isla unscrewed the lid from a shampoo and sniffed. Citrus. She could work with that.
     She stepped out of the tiny loo and wandered into the main space. With a critical eye, she decided to do a little rearranging, and slid the Ikea desk over so it was sitting under the window. When she slipped a finger between the curtains nothing but black greeted her. Apparently, she was going to have to wait for morning to check out her view.
     It only took her minutes to hang her clothes in the closet by the door and plug her laptop and surge protector into the wall. Then the battle began. 
     Sitting in the wobbly desk chair, she flipped open the laptop and waited for the internet to connect. And waited. And waited some more. Frowning, Isla grabbed the hotel welcome pack and, holding the paper close to her nose, she carefully re-typed the password.
     Nothing.
     She checked her connections. Did a restart. And sighed when nothing helped.
     “Well, that’s just rubbish.”
     Being without internet simply wouldn’t do. It wasn’t about preference. For Isla, being connected to the web was a work necessity. Grabbing her cell phone, Isla whipped off a quick text.

Isla: Bit of a kerfuffle with the roads, but I’ve made it here. May be without internet awhile. The storm, perhaps?
Mellissa: Delightful. Glad you are hunky-dory. Meet a cowboy yet?
Isla: You’ve stranded me in hicksville, Mellie. You don’t even deserve to know. 
Mellissa: Wait, what? You did!
Isla: I’m hanging up now.
Mellissa: Isla? Did you meet a cowboy? Is he ruggedly handsome? Does he call you ma’am? Does he wear a hat and are his jeans tighter than sin?
Mellissa: Isla? 
Mellissa: Where are you? Don’t ignore me!
Mellissa: This is very rude. Very immature.
Mellissa: I am packing now. Flight leaving in the a.m. Trying to decide between the red bikini or the white. Actually, I think I’ll just take both. Since you’re being so horridly uncooperative, I just want you to picture this: me, lying on a beach towel in the red bikini. It’s so hot in the sun and the ocean waves are pounding the beach. There is a cute surfer boy with perfect white teeth kneeling beside me now, and he has his hands all over me applying lotion. Mmmm, feels heavenly! Now he’s undone the string on the back of my bikini. Oh my, his hands are gliding over my skin. It’s so warm here, and he is so very…

     Isla rolled her eyes then crammed the cell into her back pocket mid-text while tromping through the hallway and up the stairs. Rapping her knuckles sharply against the door J.T. had mentioned, she crossed her arms under her chest and waited. When nothing happened, she knocked again, and the door suddenly wrenched open. J.T. stood on the other side, dripping wet, still in the process of wrapping a towel around his waist.
     Isla blinked, her eyes taking in the sight of him, from the dark hair on his legs, past the muscular thighs the towel only partially covered, then up the swath of white terry cloth to the waist it was snugged against. Without realizing it, Isla’s tongue dipped out to moisten her lips. Her eyes continued travelling up, up, up the man’s six pack abs to his wide, broad chest with its fine matt of dark hairs, and finally to his face. A muscle was jumping in his jaw, his eyes were sharp, dark, glittering stones that burned into her.
    “Blimey,” Isla whispered. Her throat felt paper dry, and the urge to plaster herself all over the man made it suddenly difficult to breath. He held the door open with one massive hand, and Isla was close enough to see the jagged white scar that cut across two of his knuckles. She swallowed, then her eyes whipped back to his when he spoke.
     “Your ass is vibrating.” 
     “What?” Isla startled. True, that, but how did he know? Suddenly comprehending his meaning, she gave pulling herself together the ol’ college try, and explained, “My sister, being annoying. I’m ignoring her, hoping she’ll go away.”
     “How’s that working out for you?” he asked, his lips quirking up a fraction.
     “Not spectacularly,” Isla admitted. She smiled at him, friendly enough, then practically swallowed her tongue when J.T. leaned into the doorway slightly and the edges of his towel cracked open. Without her permission, her eyes dropped to the V of skin the gaping towel exposed. The towel shifted again, and Isla’s very naughty eyes landed on the source of the problem -- a large bump which had appeared in the centre of the towel.
     “Oh my,” she said, staring unabashedly as the bump swelled and grew before her very eyes. 
     “Something I can do for you?” J.T. asked blandly, and when Isla’s gaze flew to meet his, she was shocked to realize there was a flirtatious spark to his look. 
     “Err,” she flushed, managed to avoid stuttering by sheer force of will. She glued her eyes to his face, demanded they stay there and behave. “Yes, quite. It seems the Internet in my room is rather dodgy. I wonder if you might be so kind as to come have a gander.”
     “A gander?” At the term, his lips quirked up into that almost smile again. “Sure.” He turned, reached inside the room and came back out holding his room key. 
     “Aren’t you going to dress?” Isla said when he shut the door behind him.
     “Why? It’s just you and me here.”
     “Quite.” 
     He flashed that full smile her way when he heard the nerves in her voice, and Isla felt her heart skip a beat. Then he turned and started walking ahead of her down the hall, and despite herself, Isla gasped.
     “Blimey,” she blurted when she got a good look at his trapezius muscles. “How is it possible that your back is even harder than your front?”
     “Grandma Cooper.”
     “Grandma,” Isla spluttered. “I beg your pardon?”
     J. T. turned and grinned at her. “Every time you look at me with the witchy eyes, I just think about my Grandma Cooper. Cools the blood.”
     “Cools the…” Isla stopped talking and flushed as she caught on. Involuntarily, her eyes drifted down to the towel. Then she snapped her eyes up again. “That is not what I meant.”
     J.T. just grinned again then stepped aside, and Isla realized they were standing in front of her door already. 
     “You gonna let me in?”
     “I…” With an impatient grunt, she slid her key into the lock. The man was so big that her leg brushed against his when she stepped past him, and the shock that zinged through her at the brief contact was powerful. She glanced over to see if he’d felt it, too, and found him refastening his towel. Apparently, it had slipped. With his hands at his waist, J.T. met her eyes. His weren’t smiling now. Instead, heat was scorching her everywhere he looked. And then he was inside her room, and to Isla, the whole place appeared to shrink. 
     “Well, that’s the problem,” J.T. said. “You moved the desk.”
     “Yes. I like to look outside when I’m working.”
     J.T. shook his head. “You can’t move the desk.”
     “I maybe moved it a metre,” Isla protested. When J.T. said nothing, merely strode over and lifted the desk, laptop and all, she squealed, and jumped over to grab her computer just as it started to slide. “Are you out of your mind?”
     J.T. ignored her, just settled the desk legs down into the depressions their original locations had left in the carpet. When he straightened, he found Isla standing within spitting distance. For the second time that evening he placed his hands on her arms and stepped her backwards. This time, though, his hands lingered on her a second before releasing her.
     “Try it now.”
     Frowning but needing the Internet connection enough to comply, Isla turned her back to him and bent over the desk as the screen flickered to life. She wasn’t sure whether to be relieved or annoyed when Google popped up instantly on screen.
     “Well.” She straightened, turned to look at J.T. “I suppose I owe you thanks.”
     His lips angled up a fraction. “Don’t strain yourself, sweet cheeks.” 
     She looked up at him and frowned again. Whatever gratitude she’d been about to express died on her lips. 
     “Really, really should never deal with customers,” Isla muttered.    
     “I’ll take that as my cue,” J.T. drawled, and ambled his way over to her door. Then he stopped and turned back to face her. “The Internet can be iffy down here in the valley. Rye went through each room and placed the desks precisely for the best connection. If you move the desk, you will lose service. Especially on a night like this, when there’s a storm.”
    “Mmm,” Isla said, and bent down over the computer again. “I suppose the desk stays here then,” she said, and turned to him. The thank you she’d intended to give died on her lips, though. The man was gone. Isla had no idea how someone so large could move so quickly and silently, but the evidence was before her -- J.T. was no longer there. 
     Blinking once, Isla gave a nervous laugh. She half convinced herself she’d imagined the entire encounter. But she hadn’t, and this most bizarre of holiday beginnings would make for good copy in a life-is-stranger-than-fiction kind of way. Sitting down in the desk chair, Isla opened a new file, and typing madly, began recording her impressions so far. 
     
     She’d typed for over an hour before hunger penetrated her consciousness enough to have her fingers stilling. The memory of the delicious stew had her mouth positively salivating. It was still too early by far to call it a day, but a break from the computer was definitely in order. She’d walk down to the kitchen, fetch herself a dish, then indulge herself by exploring the books she’d noticed earlier. Maybe she’d curl up in an armchair by the fire and enjoy her stew and a read. 
     The idea had definite appeal. This might be a working holiday, but it was a holiday all the same. Needing no more convincing, Isla stepped into a pair of slippers and headed for the common room. She’d barely stepped into the hall, though, when the door across the way caught her attention. Hot tub, J.T. had said. Sounded lovely, Isla decided, and did an immediate course correction. 
     Slipping back inside her room, she dug through her drawers until she found what she was looking for. Somewhat smugly, she cinched the string tight around her back. Mellie wouldn’t be wearing the red bikini on the Santa Cruz beaches. Not when Isla had packed it first. Feeling fairly pleased with herself, she slipped her clothes back on over top of the triangles of red, detoured to the washroom for a towel, then let herself out of the room.
     The stew was still in the pot on the stove, although someone had turned the burner off, and the lid no longer rattled with the force of steam. Isla ladled a healthy amount into a porcelain bowl then rummaged around the refrigerator until she found a bottle of pale ale to go with. She carried both with her into the main entrance, noticed the fire was still smoldering away, and felt like a barbarian as she ate standing in front of a bookshelf which contained everything from Tolkein all the way to Tolstoy -- and selections from every imaginable genre in between.   
     The cowboy on the cover of the romance she selected reminded her vaguely of J.T. and, feeling content, Isla settled in near the fire, tucked her legs in underneath her, and sipped her beer while devouring the first few chapters. Around her, there were no sounds except the crackling of logs in the fire and the soft swish of pages turning in her book. 
     It certainly made for a different vibe than the constant noise of the townhouse she shared with her sister. If Mellie wasn’t blaring her music, she was watching the tube or entertaining her countless and endless stream of friends. It wasn’t that Isla minded the noise. Although it had been an adjustment at first, Mellie’s constantly moving lifestyle had become rather the norm for Isla by now. Still, the absolute peace of this moment was nice. More than nice, really. She found the solitude and quiet rather precious.
     It was only when thoughts of the hot tub began to intrude beyond the plot of the book that Isla reluctantly unfolded herself from the coziness of her nest. Carrying her empty bowl, she rinsed it out in the kitchen sink. Heading down the hallway, she let herself out the door J.T. had indicated and laughed when she found her ankles immediately swallowed up in snow drifts. She could see the hot tub nearby, steaming up into the frigid night air with strings of tiny white lights sparkling where they hung in nearby trees. The lights added more atmosphere than actual visibility, but Isla found them charming. 
     Stripping herself quickly, she bolted through the snowbanks, her bare feet and legs offering chilly protests. She wasted no time climbing over the side of the hot tub and landed with a small splash in the water. Now, her feet screamed at her again -- the heat was a cruel defrost. Soon enough, though, Isla settled back against the contours of the tub and let the hot jets work their magic on her body. 
     For the most part, the snowstorm had stopped. Isla turned her face up to the skies and the occasional snowflake delighted her by landing on her cheeks, her nose, her eyelids. When her body began to overheat, she stood and water vapor streamed off her in trails of water and clouds of steam. She lifted her arms and twisted at the waist, loosening muscles which the stress of the drive had clamped up tight. As steam rose around her, Isla arched her back then rolled her shoulders. 
     Motion from above her caught her eye, and Isla dunked herself back down into the tub of water. The heat lapped around her shoulders, swelled around her breasts, as Isla stared up at the second-floor window, and the curtain she was certain she’d seen move.
     Was J.T. watching her? As he’d said, they were the only people here, and Isla had definitely seen that curtain move. The idea that the big, gorgeous cowboy had been watching her sent a strange restlessness through her body. For an instant, Isla shivered. Her breathing quickened. And heat that had nothing to do with the temperature of the water stirred in some very interesting places inside her. 



Chapter Four
 


     J.T. woke the next morning with a rock-hard erection. He’d been having some very hot dreams. Now that he was awake, he was just a bit concerned that they had starred the blonde one floor down. He didn’t want to think about what Shawnee would say if she knew he was having sex dreams about one of their customers. He could only imagine how she’d react if she ever learned he’d paraded himself down the hall in nothing more than a towel. 
     In the light of day, J.T. had to admit that had been spectacularly unprofessional. 
     He’d do it again in a heartbeat just to watch her eyes take that slow climb up his body.
     And thoughts like that one were doing nothing to ease the pressure in his body. Fortunately, J.T. thought as he rammed a sweater over his head, he had chopping and hauling to do. Nothing like physical exertion on a cold December morning to remedy unspent sexual energy. Silent in his wool socks, J.T. made his way to the kitchen, then stopped dead when the smell of coffee percolating drifted down the hall. 
     Shawnee wasn’t back and he knew he hadn’t made coffee yet this morning. Yet the smell was unmistakable. That could mean only one thing – like himself, the Brit was an early riser. Feeling wary, suddenly, he double-timed it to the kitchen.
     The blond stood at the kitchen sink, her back to the door, and for a moment J.T. simply stood and watched her stare out the window. He knew what she was seeing -- from the kitchen window the view was of the back paddocks and his own front porch. She must have sensed him somehow because she half-turned and smiled a come-hither smile that she reinforced with an arm gesture, beckoning him over. Bracing himself, he walked over and stood behind her, looking out at the view beyond the top of her head.
     She was watching a red-winged blackbird foraging in the snow. Behind her, J. T. exhaled. When the bird appeared to dance in the snow, Isla clapped her hands together in front of her chest. Despite himself, J.T. was amused.
     “City girl,” he said, and noticed the way his breath blew a part into her hair. She didn’t respond, but when the bird suddenly spread its wings and the red feathers flashed through the air before the bird landed on a branch of a tree, she turned and looked up at him. The smile on her face turned him into a sudden fan of birds with red feathers. Then her eyes met his, and he heard her breath catch. The look on her face went from one of simple pleasure to one of awareness in a heartbeat. When her glance dipped to his lips, J.T. felt a tug. He was tempted to dip his head down, to touch those upturned lips with his own. It took some effort on his part to stop from doing just that.
“So, I’ve been wondering, what kind of name is J.T.?”  
“What kind of name is Isla?”
The irritated look on his face when he countered made Isla laugh. “It’s a Scottish name, actually. It means what you’d expect it to.”
“No man’s an island.”
Isla blinked and stared at J.T., unable to hide her surprise.
“Very true,” she said.
“What?” he demanded. Though he knew what. He was a big, raw-boned man. A cowboy who was comfortable in the barn but ill-at-ease around people. Most automatically put that together and assumed he wasn’t the brightest bulb in the room. But, they were wrong. Isla was looking at him like she’d just realized all that.
“I wouldn’t have pegged you for a fan on John Donne. I suppose I owe you an apology for that.”
He didn’t have a clue who John Donne was. He’d simply heard the quote somewhere and, since he considered it a truth, had remembered. Not, considering the way the emerald highlights in Isla’s eyes were shining up at him, that he intended to cop to that. Instead, he took a step back. He looked out the window, but the bird was gone. 
When he reached up into the cupboard beside her, Isla’s eyes focused in on the bicep stretching the fabric of his shirt. And her eyes went big and round. She might think he was a dumb cowboy, but apparently that didn’t prevent her from having a physical reaction to him. Same as he seemed to have for her.
Ignore it, J.T. ordered himself, and stepped away to fill his mug. He saluted her with his cup, lifted it to his nose and sniffed the way others might a fine wine, then shrugged and took a swallow. When the hot, black liquid slid down his throat he grunted, and Isla’s hands went to her hips.
“Is that your go-to noise for everything, then?”
He didn’t reply, merely lifted the mug for a second swallow, but his eyes, watching her over the rim of the mug, flared hot. She flushed under his gaze, and dropped her eyes, her eyelashes sweeping her cheeks. Then they lifted almost definitely back to meet his gaze -- and held.
Ballsy, this Brit. And she made a damn fine cup of coffee. Strong like mud, the way he never could convince Shawnee coffee was meant to be brewed. J.T. turned, and with his back to Isla, drained the rest of the cup then reached for the pot and refilled his mug.
“I thought all you Brits drank tea,” he said when he turned around again. “Where’d you learn to make coffee like this?”
“Writer,” she said, pointing at her chest. “Fuelled by coffee and booze.”
“Oh yeah?” A smile curved J.T.’s lips. “I’ll remember that.”
Shaking her head, Isla walked to the fridge and peered inside. When she glanced over at J.T. again, she had a carton of eggs in one hand and a loaf of Shawnee’s homemade bread in the other.
“Eggs on toast?” she asked.
J.T. frowned. “I’ll do it,” he said, reaching for the supplies she held.
“I don’t mind.”
“Shawnee will have my hide if she knows I let a guest cook her own breakfast.”
“And yours,” Isla murmured. “I wasn’t going to be rude.”
“Just give me the damn eggs.”
“Well, can you even cook?”
His response was another grunt, and Isla had to suppress a grin. She was enjoying teasing the grouchy giant, she realized. It felt familiar somehow, almost like being in her own home. Then he took a big step into her personal space and that muscle in his jaw was twitching again. When his hands covered hers and she felt the calluses on his skin scratchy against her fingers, she felt her throat go dry. Deciding she’d pushed the man enough, she surrendered the food. Abruptly, he turned away. Isla wasn’t certain if she was relieved or disappointed when the air left behind in his absence seemed to resettle. 
J.T. dumped the loaf of bread on the counter beside the stove. He ignored Isla completely as he opened then closed cupboards, banging them a bit when his frustration started to build. Where the hell did Shawnee hide the frying pans? They weren’t in the lower cupboard directly to the left of the stove where everyone knew frying pans should be kept. Everyone except his sister-in-law, apparently. 
He could feel Isla’s eyes on his back as he searched, but he refused to speak to the woman. The electricity that had zapped him when his hands had covered hers that brief moment it took to snag the food had smacked him alongside the head and hard. He hadn’t expected it. Didn’t want it.
No, that was a lie. He wanted her. That was pretty damn obvious. The lady was hot, and he wasn’t dead yet. 
That didn’t mean he wanted to be wasting the early hours of his morning cooking eggs. He had other things to be doing. He needed to get the horses tended, needed to get that fallen tree cleared.
 Get your ass back here, brother.
“I beg your pardon?”
He hadn’t realized he’d spoken. Apparently, he must have, considering the way he found her eyes sparkling with amusement when he looked at her over his shoulder.
“You’re a woman,” he said. “Where the hell would you hide a frying pan?”
“Me? I’d keep it in the cupboard beside the stove. Have you never cooked in here before?”
“Cooking isn’t my job.”
“Woman’s work, is it?”
“I didn’t say that.” He glared at her, then grunted again when she flipped open the dishwasher and held up the frying pan. He reached for it, but she held on, wiggling it back and forth in the air a moment. 
“What is it then? Why don’t you know this kitchen if you live here, and you don’t mind cooking?”
“I never said I lived here.”
“Oh.” Isla flushed. Thinking back, she realized this was the truth. She’d merely leapt to that assumption based on the fact that he so perfectly fit her preconceived notion of what a cowboy should look like. 
J.T. saw her blush, felt some satisfaction as he watched her obviously coming to the conclusion that she’d made a few snobbish assumptions. When she handed him the frying pan, he took pity on her and pointed out the window with the handle of the pan. 
“I live there.”
 Her gaze flew to the window, and her chin angled sideways so she could get a better look at the cabin. He didn’t regret telling her, but watching her study his home, the impulse to show it to her jumped up at him. The thought surprised him enough to make him wary. Then wary scrammed and impulse got stronger when she offered him a smile full of sincerity.
“How lovely. So, you slept here because...”
“Guests don’t stay here alone.” His tone said the idea was flatly wrong. “Even I wouldn’t let that happen.”
She walked over, touched his arm. Then she went up on tiptoes and kissed his cheek. “Thank you.”
“You’re welcome,” J.T. said. He handed her a plate, then side-stepped quickly because his mind was filled with other impulses, and they were the kind he seriously needed to ignore. It would be wrong for him to span his hands at her waist, to hoist her onto the kitchen counter. Also, wrong to tear off the forest green turtleneck she wore, mold those pert little breasts with his hands. 
 He could have her naked and panting with desire in seconds, J.T. figured. And, based on the way she was looking at him right now, she’d thank him for it. She took what seemed to be an almost involuntary step toward him. He saw her swallow, knew what that meant. He could take her right here and now, could plunge deep inside her while she wrapped her legs around his back, could fill her again and again until they both burst. Right here.
 On Shawnee’s kitchen counter.
Thinking of his sister-in-law brought him to his senses. This time when Isla took a step forward, he stepped back. His foot slid slightly, and he rocked a moment, searching for balance. Sock feet on a waxed kitchen floor were not a strong choice when backing away from a beautiful woman. Recovering, face red, he bolted for the door. Only once he had the full width of the kitchen safely separating them did he stop.
“You’re not eating?”
“Things to do.”
“All the more reason you have to eat.”
She was looking at him with a mixture of surprise and something else. Maybe disappointment. The look wasn’t sexual. J.T. was pretty sure. But his body disagreed. Even the simplest things sounded like a come on in that accent of hers. 
“I’ll eat later.”
One of her eyebrows lifted -- nothing sexy there. At least, he’d never thought so before. One corner of her mouth curved up as if she was laughing at him just a little -- not a turn on. Right?
“Promise?” she asked, and that accent seemed suddenly very breathy to J.T. At least, his body thought so. Every part of him jumped to attention.
“I gotta go,” he said, and slammed his way out the door.  
 Inside the warmth of the kitchen, Isla pursed her lips and stared at the exit where J.T. had just fled. “Well.” Her lips quirked. “That was certainly fun.”
 Feeling pleased with herself for the reaction she seemed to have stirred up in the big man, she picked up the plate he’d made for her. She stood in front of the window looking out at where J.T.’s boots had tracked through the snow. He was out of view already, but she stood and stared out anyhow as she ate the cooling eggs. Then Isla shivered. She hadn’t felt such base attraction for a man in a very long time. Clearly, he felt it, too. Getting him to act on it just might prove a challenge, though.
She’d always been a bird who was up for any challenge. 
“Isla, luv, you’ve still got it.” 
And, she promised herself, before her stay at Juniper Hills was over, she’d have J.T., too. 



Chapter Five

 

     The air outside was crisp against Isla’s nose and smelled almost unbearably fresh. Was it possible for air to be too fresh? No, Isla decided, but this sharp purity came painfully close.
The storm had moved out overnight, leaving in its wake a wide-open blue sky and sunlight which dazzled her eyes as it sparkled off the freshly fallen snow. That snow blanketed everything Isla could see, as, standing on the front porch, she surveyed the countryside. 
     The spot J.T. and his family lived was definitely beautiful. Peaceful and remote. Even though the location seemed to be in the middle of miles of unbroken countryside, the ring of buildings extending from J.T.’s cabin down to the low-roofed barn kept the place from feeling isolated. 
     Excitement quickened inside Isla’s chest. Recognizing inspiration when it hit, she tugged out the camera she had hung from a cord around her neck. To keep it warm, she’d zipped the camera inside her jacket, but now, she unscrewed the lens cap. Then, impatient with their clunky immobility, she bit at the finger-end of one of her mitts, tearing it off with the help of her teeth. 
     Her fingers felt the icy chill immediately, but Isla ignored the cold. She lifted the camera to her eye, turned to find the shot she wanted, adjusted the focus and clicked the shutter. For several moments, she wandered the length of the patio taking photos from different angles. Then, satisfied for the moment, she recapped the lens, rezipped the camera into her coat, and retrieved her fallen glove. Then she stepped down off the patio steps into a foot of snow. 
It didn’t appear that any of the vehicles had been disturbed and the roads most certainly hadn’t been plowed. In the distance, though, she heard the sound of a chainsaw firing, so J.T. was already on task. For a moment, Isla considered her options. Given that the driveway remained buried in snow to the point that it was impossible to say precisely which was field and which was driveway, driving was not going to be an option. She could either bushwhack her way through snow drifts, or she could go inside the lodge where things were warm.
And that thought was just barmy. Of course she wasn’t staying inside. Instead, Isla struggled her way over to J.T.’s tracks in the snow. His trail appeared to head over in the direction of the stables. Since she was itching for a looksee at the horses anyway, she’d just follow his lead.
“Nice of you to break the trail,” Isla said out loud, even though no one was around to claim credit. Feeling cheerful and a little like an old-time pioneer, she stepped squarely into the first of J.T.’s tracks. 
“Blimey. The man’s feet are as huge as the rest of him.” 
So, Isla soon realized, was his stride. She was struggling and panting and sweating before she’d gone fifty yards. Stopping to catch her breath, Isla leaned both hands on her knees and bent over. When she did, she noticed the tracks intersecting J.T.’s furrow through the snow. She frowned slightly at the depressions. She had no idea what kind of animal had left the trail, but it was obviously big enough to break through the crusted surface of the snow and tough -- or hungry -- enough to bother.
 Releasing her camera, Isla snagged a few quick shots of the tracks. She’d ask J.T. about them later. She had no doubt he’d recognize them. Just to be safe, Isla doubled her speed as she continued. By the time she made it all the way to the front door of the barn, she’d fallen twice, her breeches were soaked through, and her toes were cold enough to be crying foul, and still, there were sweat rings under her pits, and her cheeks were bright red with exertion.  
She stumbled her way inside the barn door and collapsed onto a hay bale that was conveniently placed outside a stall door while she caught her breath. As her panting slowly returned to acceptable heart-health level breathing, the sounds and smells of the stable stirred her consciousness. Something that felt an awful lot like joy had her standing. Anticipation had her stomping her boots down hard on the barn floor, knocking the rest of the snow off in little melting piles of white.  
How was it, Isla wondered, that every stable -- no matter the size or the location across the globe -- was the same? Every stable she’d ever been inside had the same rustling sounds made by large, shifting animals at rest. Like the rustle of straw, the crunch of munching animals at their hay, the occasional concussion of a horse blowing through its nose. Every stable had the same pungent smells -- the sweetness of alfalfa, the burn of manure, the welcoming musk of the animals themselves. How was it, Isla wondered, that every stable she’d ever been inside stirred the same happiness inside her heart?
For all that was the same, every barn was also unique. This one showed organization and care and the pride of its owner. Box stalls lined both sides of a wide aisle. Halters and leads were hung outside each occupied stall and clips for securing animals were anchored neck high at intervals down the length of the row. At one end of the barn there was a hose-off area with drainage built into the floor, and at the other end, racks for prepped feedings were built into the wall. Currently, there was nothing on the shelves except brass name plates and empty feeding buckets. J.T. may not have bothered to eat, but clearly he made sure his animals were fed. Isla approved. No true horseman she had ever met was caviller with their animal’s feed schedule. 
So far, Isla thought, she liked everything she’d seen. The place was all a barn should be -- comfortable, practical, and imminently functional. To Isla, the barn was also a glimpse into J.T.’s mind, and she liked what she was learning. There were few things Isla appreciated as much as a well-designed stable. This one only made her more curious about the man who designed it.  
The horses in the stalls were largely what she’d expect a guest facility to offer. A variety or equine breeds and sizes filled the stalls. The animals were all decent enough and were clearly in excellent health. To Isla’s eye, though, there wasn’t an exceptional animal in the lot. Maybe she wasn’t surprised, but she still felt the minor wave of disappointment. Her own Sally had been significantly superior to every animal here. Sally had been miles over these horses in confirmation, but even more, there was also that spark some animals had, that look of intelligence in the eye that hinted at the promise of partnership a rider might anticipate. That was something Isla wasn’t seeing in front of her here.
The best of the lot was maybe the little bay in the third stall. Isla stood a moment watching the gelding with a critical eye. The gelding clearly had some thoroughbred in his ancestry, stamped into his delicate lines, and she’d judge him lucky to squeak in at the fifteen-hand mark. Barely over the pony size, really. Too small to be a truly appropriate mount for a taller woman such as herself. Still, she ran a hand down his glossy neck when he walked over to investigate the stranger outside his door.
“Well, hello lovely,” she murmured, and his ears twitched forward to catch the compliments she offered him. Isla reached up and straightened the forelock behind his ears then smiled when he turned his back on her before wandering back over to the hay net at the back corner of his stall. 
 “Oh, it’s like that is it?” she said, but he ignored her as he tugged more hay from the net. It made her smile. The little bay may not have had the straightest hocks she’d ever seen, but she liked him, regardless.
She wandered the length of the barn, peeking inside the pair of closed doors she found and discovering both an orderly tack room and a feed room with wheelbarrow and fork stacked neatly beside a ladder leading up into the next level of the barn. Isla didn’t have to climb the ladder to know she’d find a hay loft up there -- the little trapped husks of hay showed that plain enough. 
Closing the doors behind her, Isla pushed open a set of rolling doors and discovered an empty indoor riding ring adjacent to the stalls. At one corner of the ring, jump uprights and poles were stacked. At the far end, though, three bright red barrels kept company with a sawhorse that had been redesigned to function as a fake steer. That had Isla’s brows shooting up. She wasn’t at all sure what to think there.
She stepped back into the main barn and continued her stroll to the end. Here, a second set of rolling doors greeted her. Expecting to feel the frigid blast of pasture air in winter, Isla rolled these doors back also, and was surprised to find not the frozen, open fields she’d expected, but more rows of stalls. And only some of these were box stalls. The rest of the stalls in this section of the barn were narrow tie stalls, and the occupants of each stall was a bigger shock than the previous occupant.
“Oh, my,” Isla murmured. And then she smiled with pure delight.
The animals she was now viewing were on an entirely different level than the ones in the first section of the barn. They were also on a completely different scale. Clydesdales. Beautiful beasts with dark brown coats and black manes and tails, and long white feathers on their lower legs covering their massive hooves. Giants, like their owner. Because Isla knew without being told who owned these horses. Beauties, every last one. And massive, like their father.  
Even with limited knowledge of the breed, Isla recognized quality when she saw it. Still, with the advances in farming technology, draft horses were waning in numbers. Raising Clydes was a curious choice. Somehow, Isla suspected the big beauties were a labour of love for J.T. From a business point of view, there had to be an easier, more traditional option. And then the eighteen-hand high monster she stood in front of pressed his big body into the side wall of his stall, swivelled his neck around so he could look at her, and whickered deep in his throat, and Isla felt herself lose her heart. It simply exited her body in a whoosh of instant love she was powerless to prevent. 
“Who’s the beautiful boy?” Isla murmured. Like a moth to a flame, she wandered closer, reached over the chain latched across the back of the stall, then reached up high enough to lay the flat of her hand on the horse’s glossy rump. When he whickered again and bobbed his head up and down in approval, ears flicking forward, Isla murmured words of ego-boosting adoration at the giant stud. Without thinking twice, she ducked under the chain, and stepped inside the giant’s stall, running her hands over his body as she walked closer to his head.
There wasn’t much room beside the gorgeous animal. If he shifted towards the other side of the stall, she was going to be squashed like a bug. Somehow, Isla wasn’t worried. There was nothing mean greeting her in his eyes. So, she kept moving forward until she was standing directly in front of him, dwarfed by his height, amazed to realize that his face was almost as long as her arm. He lowered his muzzle, blew out of his giant nostrils and into her hair. She chuckled, the sound soft and musical in the giant’s stall, and her arms went up around his neck. Pressing her cheek to his mane, she hugged the gorgeous horse. In response, he bobbed his head against her back, had her chuckling again.
“Love me, too, do you?” Isla stepped back, patted the animal’s shoulder, then offered the bay the palm of her hand. He sniffed her, then his tongue came out and licked the salt from her skin as Isla ran her other hand down the white blaze on his face. 
“It looks to me like your daddy could use some help in here, luv. So, if you’ll excuse me, I promise I’ll visit again soon.” 
Retracing her path out of the stall, Isla hurried down the length of the barn. Grabbing the wheelbarrow and a pitchfork, she headed to the first box stall at the barn’s entrance. With the occupant’s halter in hand, she slid back the bolt on the stall door and stepped inside. 
The horse in this stall was a black mare, and she let Isla slide the halter over her nose without complaint. Leading her into the aisle, Isla secured the mare, then, maneuvering wheelbarrow and fork inside, she got to work. 
It probably made her a bit of an odd duck that she found sifting the bedding soothing, Isla decided, yet that was the truth of it. Soon, she was singing to herself as she worked her way down the row of stalls. The load in her barrow was growing. Isla looked at the mound of waste and decided she could clean one more stall before the wheelbarrow would need a dumping. Since she had yet to discover where J.T. had established his manure pile, that might mean that after this last stall she’d take a break. Gym muscles, Isla realized, weren’t quite the same as work muscles. Her shoulders and lower back had started a pretty protest. Good thing, she decided with a happy heart, there would be a hot tub later.
Still, she was pleased with the amount she had accomplished, figured J.T. would be happy about it, too. Not that she was cleaning the stables to get on his good side. More simply, there was a task to be done, and she knew how to do it, so she did. With the chestnut gelding she had first admired standing in the barn aisle, Isla steered the barrow to the front of the stall. And she went back to work and to singing Spice Girls’ songs without particular skill but with great good cheer as she worked.

J.T. was sweating under the layers he wore. He and Marshall had the fallen tree all but cleared. Lifting the reins against Marshall’s back, J.T. walked beside the big horse as he tucked his head and set himself, muscles bunching, for one more pull. The animal’s neck was lathered and white under the leather headstall, and his super-sized hooves slipped slightly on an icy patch before steadying when J.T. made a slightly hissing noise of encouragement from between his front teeth. Laying his ears flat, Marshall jerked his body in the direction J.T. directed, and behind the powerful horse the last of the deadfall started to move. 
After he finished up here J.T. would get the plow going and would clear the driveway. For now, though, he piled as much of the wood as possible onto a skid behind the stallion, then he jumped on top and snapped the reins across Marshall’s back. They’d throw the cut logs beside the woodpile down at the house -- waste not, want not, he figured -- and Marshall would be done for the day. Unlike himself.
 He did a quick mental tally of all the tasks he had yet to do today, and realized he was going to regret running out without breakfast. For an instant, J.T. considered tethering Marshall and running into the kitchen to grab a quick bite, but the big horse had worked hard this morning. His coat was wet with sweat and steam was rising off him as he stood and waited for J.T. to toss the big, newly cut logs onto the side of the woodpile. No way could he ever be so irresponsible as to leave his horse -- any horse -- steamed up and wet just so he could fill his own stomach. Marshall came first and always would. The kitchen would still be there after.  
There was a beauty to the fields of freshly fallen snow that J.T. could appreciate. Still, he had to squint his eyes to keep from being blinded by the glare of sun on snow. Now that they’d lightened the load Marshall pulled, the horse had picked up the pace from his previous jog to a solid trot. J.T. could feel the bite of the wind against his exposed cheeks and nose as they headed back to the barns. 
It was a relief to reach the cart house and pull Marshall up, then back the horse into the open overhang of the barn. Even inside the fleece-lined gloves, J.T.’s hands ached from the cold. It made his fingers clumsy on the buckles of the harness. 
“Everyone’s a critic,” he said when Marshall swung his big head around and stared at him as if to say, what’s taking so long, buddy? Once he had the shafts of the sled free of the harness, J.T. walked the sled over to its spot along the back wall of the shed. He snagged a rag from a peg on the wall and wiped the metal down to prevent the rust that would form if he left it here wet. 
His fingers had warmed by the time he returned to Marshall and bit by bit stripped the harness off the stallion. Knowing the drill, Marshall ducked his neck low as J.T. freed him of the collar, then spit out the bit and stood motionless as J.T. replaced bridle with halter. Smacking the animal on the shoulder, J.T. laughed when the horse shook his neck, sending his thick black mane flying, then butted his arm with his forehead. The streak of sweat the horse left down J.T.’s sleeve didn’t faze him in the least. Marshall had more than earned the right to give himself a scratch. 
“Well, come on then, you big stud, you.”
Reaching up, his hand slid under the curve of Marshall’s jaw and latched around the bottom curb strap of the halter. When he started to move, Marshall walked along beside him. The horse’s ears pricked up and he pranced slightly when they approached the stable doors. It made J.T. roll his eyes.
“Just simmer down. Bopping around and pulling the shit out of my arm isn’t getting either of us inside any faster. And it’s fucking cold out here, if you hadn’t noticed.”
As if he completely understood the man but had a point to make anyhow, Marshall pushed his nose into the flat of J.T.’s back and shoved. It would have knocked most people to their knees, but J.T. had pretty much anticipated what was coming. Even so, he was pushed forward into the door. Turning so he was facing their foundation sire, J.T. gave a good tug on the halter.
“Quit it,” he said, and this time the playfulness was missing from his tone. One of Marshall’s ears flicked backwards, but he settled long enough for J.T. to slide the door open, and he waited for J.T. before prancing his way inside the warmth of the barn. The second he smelled the mares, he let out a long whinny and when it was answered, he stamped one of his massive, snow-coated hooves. 
Just like that, J.T. felt the amusement return, and with it a pride that only another horse breeder would understand. He’d studied the Clydesdale breed carefully when he’d embarked on this breeding program. There might be a bawdy quality to these equine greetings, but to J.T. the mare’s approval of their mate’s return simply meant he’d done his homework well. The noise right here right now gave him a rush of pleased satisfaction. 
He secured Marshall with crossties in the barn hall, then sacked him out, rubbing the burlap across the sweat rings on the horse’s body until the coat was dry, and he was not. Stripping off his coat and tossing it over an empty stall door, J.T. worked his way down each of Marshall’s legs. The thick white feathers at the bottom of his fetlocks were caked with snow until they looked like a grandfather’s dreadlocks. J.T worked the snow matts out of the fur with his fingers, gently sliding the lumps free before lifting each hoof and picking out the ice balls which had formed in the v’s of the frog on the bottom of each hoof. Finishing, J.T, straightened, and ran his hand down Marshall’s flank.
“So, now what? Brush? Or roll?” He watched with amusement as Marshall bobbed his head up and down. “That’s what I thought.” Leaving the horse still tied and waiting, he walked forward to push open the connecting barn doors. And the sight which greeted him on the other side of the door rooted him in place in the centre of the aisle. 



Chapter Six

 

    The sound of really terrible singing coming out of the stall on the left accosted J.T. He glanced from the chestnut tethered in the aisle to the box stall door slung back on its hinges to the wheelbarrow handles just barely poking out from inside the stall door. As far as J.T. knew, there was only one other person at the ranch at the moment. And she had absolutely no business making herself so comfortable in his barn.
“What the hell do you think you are doing?” 
It came out as a bellow. J.T. didn’t care. He just knew she had no business being here in his space. Knew he didn’t want her there. When her head jerked up, startled – whether by his presence or his tone he didn’t care – the smile that curved her lips and warmed her eyes put him back on his heels, left him wary. It made what he said next equally harsh.
“For fuck’s sakes, what are you singing?”
“Spice Girls,” Isla said, the smile still in place, though it no longer fully reached her eyes. “And what does it look like I’m doing? I’m helping.”
“Well don’t.” J.T. scowled at her. “I never asked you to.”
In response, Isla merely shrugged, letting him know what she thought of his attitude. Deciding to simply ignore him, she bent to shovel the next messy scoop.
“Stop.” 
He was inside the stall in two strides, and his hand closed over her wrist. The steady pressure of his fingers against her forearm had the fork twisting in her hand, and the soiled manure fell in a heap on top of his boots. As one, they looked down at the steaming manure, then Isla giggled. She simply couldn’t help herself.
“Oh dear.”
He glared at her.
It only made her laugh harder.
“You. Don’t. Work. Here.” 
He spoke around clenched teeth, and it made Isla snicker again. She had no defense for it. He was just a very large man, and he was near enough that she could smell the combination of sweat and horse that was emanating from him. In her current frame of mind, she found the mixture highly alluring. Perhaps it was true what they said, there was no accounting for taste, but it was either laugh or launch herself into his arms. Considering she’d just dumped horse shit all over him, she suspected the timing might be off on that second option.  
He didn’t share her amusement. When he grabbed the top of the fork and wrestled it away from her, Isla felt her own mood start to dip. Without thinking, she grabbed the fork again and glared up -- way up -- at him.
“Are you honestly going to yank this out of my hands?” 
She glowered at him. Rather, she glowered in the vicinity of him. This close, he was far too tall for her to look him in the eye. An unfair advantage, to be sure. Mostly, she gave his pecs a good strong stare. As it turned out, another merciless advantage on his side, as it was hard to maintain one’s temper when confronted with such masculine temptation. 
“Look,” Isla said in a voice she hoped was reasonable and persuasive rather than downright hot and bothered, the way she was suddenly feeling, “I grew up with riding horses. It’s why I came here. My sister gets the beach, I get the barn.” She took a step back until she could actually look him in the eye. “It’s perfectly plain that you could use the extra hands today. Let me help. I know what I’m doing. And anyway, I’m mostly done at this point, as you’ll see.”
There was something in her tone, J.T. thought. Something about the way she was staring at his chest, the way her voice had gone momentarily breathy, that reminded him of the mare calling for Marshall. That something had him feeling every bit as randy and receptive as the stallion in the back room. 
And then, when she’d gone on to describe her sister’s holiday plans, there’d been just enough aggravation in her tone to have his lips wanting to quirk. It made him like her. Which, considering he’d just accepted the fact that he apparently wanted her, might make being this close to her dangerous. So, he dropped his hold on the fork and shifted away. He told himself he’d only imagined the flash of disappointment in her eyes.
“We’ll pay you.”
“Oh yeah?” She lifted an amused eyebrow in his direction. “Might get expensive.”
She hadn’t meant the words to be suggestive, but they felt that way, hanging in the barn between them. Then he turned without another word and walked back the way he’d come, and the moment passed. Isla went back to her work and to her singing. When, moments later, she heard the clop of hooves, she set the fork against the stall wall and peeked over the door. She saw J.T. leading the most magnificent horse she’d ever laid eyes down the aisle. 
“Oh, he’s so beautiful.”
J.T. glanced at where she stood, one hand resting on the top of the stall door. Her eyes had gone soft and appreciative as she took in the lines of the stallion. 
“Hear that, buddy?” J.T. said and smacked the horse on the shoulder. “The Brit likes the way you look. What do you think of that?” 
The horse flicked an ear towards J.T. then blew out of his nose. With a grin, J.T. stripped the halter off the big boy. 
“I don’t think he’s impressed,” J.T. said as Marshall trotted into the centre of the riding ring. When Isla walked over to stand beside him. J.T. felt his body react to her nearness, but he kept his eyes on his horse. 
“Lor.” She breathed her admiration. Her eyes tracked Marshall’s movements, and without thinking, she lay a hand on J.T.’s forearm. “Just look.”
She’d been speaking of the horse, but J.T glanced at her then. The appreciation he’d seen in her eyes had now spread across her face and she glowed with the admiration she felt.
Damn, she was beautiful. For an instant, J.T. wondered what it would take to get her looking at him like she was looking at the stallion who was currently on his back rolling in the dirt. His throat suddenly dry, J.T. half-turned into her. It made her glance up at him, made her eyes widen slightly at what she read on his face.
“Glad you like him. My plans are kind of riding on him.” 
The fingers that rested on his arm squeezed slightly. “Seems a likely choice,” Isla said. “I don’t know much about Clydesdales, but he kind of stops the breath, doesn’t he?” She looked up at J.T., her eyes shining. “He rather suits you, I think.”
“Oh?” One of J.T.’s eyebrows lifted. “Because I’m tall?”
She smiled at that, gave a small exhale of amused breath. “Because you’re fine.” Her eyes held his, the challenge in hers unmistakable. When he made no move towards her, merely stared, she grinned. The hand which had rested on his sleeve reached up and patted his chest. Then she turned to walk away.
J.T. reached for her before he realized he planned to. His arm went around her waist and he hauled her back towards him. 
“This is a bad idea,” he said. His eyes burning into hers, telling her without words to stop him now if she knew what was good for her.
“Why? Are you married then?”
He frowned, his eyes becoming fierce. “No. There’s no woman.”
“Then,” Isla said, the palm of her hand sliding smoothly up his chest as she stepped into him, “I don’t see the problem. We’re consenting adults.” Her hand went to the lapels of his shirt, tugged slightly. “In case you were wondering, J.T., I’m consenting.”
So, he kissed her. What else was a man to do with a comment like that? He bent his neck, let his mouth find her, let his lips slide back and forth over the satin of hers, and when she responded by opening herself to him with a murmur of pleasure, he slid his tongue into the heat of her mouth and lost himself in the taste of her. 
How was it possible, Isla thought, that a kiss could be light and teasing yet demanding at the very same time? How could a man this large and this strong be so potent while also being so gentle? The flavours of him, the need she sensed in the slow way his mouth explored hers, stirred her until she was trembling, body pressed up against his, soft curves to hard planes. When he changed the angle of the kiss and his tongue glided across her own tongue, she moaned. Her fingers curled into his shirt; his arms went around her, crushed her into the strength of his body. She wrapped herself around him, every thought but one draining from her mind.
More. She needed to get closer. Needed more. When his hands slid up to grip her arms, to push her back, break the connection, she whimpered, tried to pull him back into her. His hands were wrapped around her biceps holding her in place -- holding her away from his body -- and he stood before her breathing hard enough that she at least knew stopping had cost him, too.
“Very bad idea,” he muttered. His hands dropped to his side, but he didn’t step away. He couldn’t seem to feel his limbs, wouldn’t have been able to move if you’d paid him. His body was still too busy recalling the feel of her pressed up against him.
“Disagree,” Isla said. She didn’t move away, either, and her voice shook slightly over the single word. “But,” she took enough of a breath to get her voice under control and feigned a nonchalance she was not even close to feeling, “If you feel that way…” She shrugged a shoulder as if his kiss was neither here nor there. He didn’t need to know that he’d just sent her entire system into a full-out gallop. Deliberately, Isla turned and walked away. 
“Isla.”
She thought it best to ignore him as he called after her. Making her way back to the wheelbarrow full of manure, she lay the fork on top then grabbed both handles, wheeled the load away from the stall door. She led the patient little chestnut into the stall, stopped to scratch him behind the ear before stepping out and latching the stall closed behind her. 
It didn’t surprise her to find J.T. standing to the side, waiting silently for her. She slid her hands behind her back, then pressed her back against the stall door. Facing him, she watched, waited for him to speak. He appeared to be having some problems in that department, Isla thought. Still, she waited. 
“Did I thank you?”
“Thank me?”
His brows drew together, and he shook his head vigorously when he saw her eyes drift back toward the riding ring before springing back his way. “Not for that.” He gestured to the wheelbarrow. “For that.”
 “Oh.” She forced herself to relax. For some reason, it seemed essential he not know how his kiss had affected her. How affected she still felt. She told herself to smile, hoped it looked more natural than it felt. “You’re welcome. I think you’re on your own for the rest, though. If that’s okay. I’ve work to do on the computer, and anyway, I don’t know the location of your bin.” 
He didn’t bother to answer. If he noticed the rambling way nerves had her prattling on, he chose not to comment. After all, he recognized when a woman wanted to make a point. Hers seemed to be that the kiss had been nothing, that it hadn’t affected her, that things were business as usual. 
J.T. knew better. That kiss had been as full of fire as he’d known it would be. If Isla wanted to pretend, that was fine. But she was lying.
“Isla.”
This time when she smiled, it felt a lot more genuine. Isla decided she was somewhat enjoying his obvious loss of footing. It was good to have company on that score. There was no way she was rescuing him, though, and she walked over to the peg where she’d hung her coat and slipped her arms into the sleeves knowing he was watching her every movement.
“I have things I have to do,” he said, finally. “But when I’m done, I’ll find you. We’ll talk.”
“Well,” she laughed, “I can’t imagine I’ll be hard to find.” 
She zipped herself into the jacket, took just enough pity on him that she didn’t mention that it wasn’t talking she had on her mind where he was concerned. Even now, she wanted to walk over, grab him and pull those lips down to hers. Instead, she nodded in the direction of the wheelbarrow. 
“So, you’ll dump that?” Isla asked. 
He nodded, so she left it where it was. Knowing he was watching her as she walked down the hall, she added a little swing to her hips just for his benefit. And started humming the Spice Girls again for her own. 



Chapter Seven

 

The concentration Isla relied on to fuel her writing simply wouldn’t come. Sitting in the little desk chair, she stared at the computer screen without seeing it and rubbed her finger across her lips idly. The smile that curved her lips was private, full of potent femininity. A femininity that was wasted sitting here alone in her hotel room being unproductive.
The man knew how to kiss. 
Every time Isla tried to write about her experiences at the farm so far, that was where her thoughts began and ended. It didn’t help any that she’d forgotten her camera in the stables. Undoubtedly, the photos the camera contained would have focused her thoughts. Instead, Isla was forced to admit that despite the bravado she hoped she had portrayed, she had been that flustered. 
Like her laptop, that camera was essential to her life. She never left it lying around. Never -- before today with the taste of J.T.’s kisses lingering on her lips -- had she forgotten its whereabouts. Even now, it made her twitchy thinking about it hanging from its strap in the tack room where she’d left it. If she hadn’t fully intended to head directly back to the stables after lunch and possibly take one of the saddle horses for a spin, she would have turned around straight after realizing it was missing. Still, it was an uncomfortable, distracting feeling knowing she’d left it -- and why.
Isla sighed, turned her eyes back to her screen. 
“Must focus.”
This was certainly not the first time she’d faced writer’s block. Mostly she was fortunate to find herself unafflicted, but she’d been here before once or twice.
“Not my first rodeo,” she said to the blank screen. Reinforcing her point, her fingers started jotting down impressions. 
Clean, she wrote. Organized. More than one expected. Have possibly fallen in love with Clydesdale horses.
It was true, she thought. She’d never before realized just how magnificent the massive animals were. But then, in all her years of riding, Isla realized, this was her first encounter with the breed. They were handsome enough pulling a beer cart in a television commercial. In real life, they were something else entirely. At least, J.T.’s horses certainly were.
Flicking a nail over her cursor, Isla typed in a google search on Clydesdales. The breed, she read, originated in Scotland but had declined with the advent of advanced farm technology until they were considered at risk of extinction. Her eyebrows shot up at that. When she considered the beautiful animals in J.T.’s stable, she felt pain slick through her at the idea that these creatures could cease to exist. 
Ask J.T. why Clydes? 
And just like that, her thoughts had spiraled back to the cowboy. His mannerisms might be gruff, some would even say offensive, but Isla had to resist the urge to go find him and just spend the afternoon in his company. Thoughts distracted from her work yet again, Isla sighed and surrendered. She simply wasn’t getting anything done. Knowing she wasn’t about to, she shut the lid of the laptop and stood. 
She hadn’t heard the sound of anyone else in the lodge, which told her she was still on her own. For whatever reason, J.T.’s family and business partners had yet to return. Fine with her, Isla decided. She’d just wander down to the kitchen, see what she could cook up. Then she’d head back to the stables, take a ride, and after that should she still find herself alone, she’d track down J.T. After that, who knew?
The writing would still be there, Isla figured. Maybe the problem wasn’t as simple as the attraction she felt for J.T. being a distraction. Maybe she just didn’t have enough experiences to inspire her quite yet. 
She’d rectify that, Isla thought as she shut the door to her room and wandered down the hallway to the kitchen. Maybe she’d even declare this a no writing day. Make it official. Let the ideas grow, let the hunger for the story build. Yes, that was a brilliant idea. Just the trick.
Pleased with the plan, Isla opened the refrigerator. After rummaging inside, she backed out with her arms laden down. Setting the supplies she’d selected on the counter, she scavenged up a cooking pot and a sharp knife, then washing her hands, Isla set to work.


She was singing again. The sound of it made J.T. wince. The smells coming out of the kitchen were amazing, though, an opinion his rumbling stomach seemed to share. 
He stood in the doorway and watched her, a grin spreading slowly across his face. He didn’t recognize the song she was butchering, but if her sashaying hips were any indication, she sure seemed to be enjoying herself. He crossed his arms over his chest and leaned against the doorjamb, impressed with the way she handled the knife. She chopped with the speed and efficiency of a professional chef, and then used the flat of the blade to scrape whatever it was on that cutting board into the steaming pot on the stove.
The singing stopped briefly when she opened the oven door and bent over to check on whatever was making that delicious smell. Eyes on her ass, J.T.’s neck bent sideways to give himself a better view. She was singing again before she’d even closed up the oven -- Beatles songs, he was pretty sure, though her tone was so awful it was hard to do more than guess. Bleeding ears or no, he was definitely enjoying the way the song made her body dance. Then she hit a high note with a screech and he couldn’t take it any longer.
“Damn, woman. You are a truly terrible singer.”
She shrieked, whirled. While he stood there leaning, looking all sexy and male, she clutched her chest with one hand and pointed a potholder-clad finger at him with the other hand.
“You. You scared the pants off me.”
His grin widened. Deliberately, he glanced at her legs before lifting his gaze back to her flushed cheeks. Straightening away from the door, he sauntered towards her with that grin still teasing his lips. He reached around her, snagged a slice of green pepper off the cutting board and grinned again when she smacked his fingers.
“Please tell me you cook better than you sing,” he said, popping the pilfered vegetable into his mouth. 
Isla rolled her eyes. Such a man. At least he was no longer meeting her efforts with a fight. Arrogant male insults she could work around. Dipping into the soup she had simmering, she spooned it up. “You tell me.”
His eyes held hers as she stepped close enough to lift the spoon to his lips. He closed his lips around the spoon, savoured the flavours as they coated his tongue. 
“Wow.”
“It’s not done,” she said, stepping back. 
He watched her curiously a moment. The woman hadn’t been the tiniest bit phased when he’d stuck his tongue down her throat in the barn, but this, his opinion of the food she’d prepared, had her nervous and frazzled. Shy even. The contradiction intrigued him. He told himself that was why he crowded closer to her, brushing against her back when he reached around her to snag a hunk of the baguette on the counter.
“Tastes done to me,” he murmured, near enough to her that his breath warmed her ear. Nervous and not able to articulate exactly why, Isla turned. It was a miscalculation. She realized it immediately. He was there, pressing in on her space, and the look in his eyes was warm, hungry, and when she turned, she found herself standing in the circle of his arms.
“You look nervous,” he said, his dark eyes holding her pinned. Deliberately, he set the bread on the counter, lifted his hand and trailed his finger down the skin of her cheek. He watched her shiver and smiled. “Why is that, I wonder?”
Isla didn’t reply. Her throat was far too dry to reply. When she swallowed, he leaned in, pressed his lips to her throat where it had convulsed. Her hands lifted, palms pressing against him in a way that kept a barrier between them, but he was near enough that he could hear the quickness of her breathing, could see the way her pulse raced. His lips hovered over hers, offering, tempting, suggesting, but not yet touching. 
“Turns out, I want to kiss you again.”
She moaned as his whispered words had his breath feathering across her cheek in a promise. All she would have to do was move towards him a fraction of an inch, and the promise would be fulfilled.
“I thought you said it was a mistake.”
“Won’t be my first,” J.T. said. Taking her chin in his fingers, he tilted her head up to look at him, and slowly, knowing she was watching it happen, his lips settled on hers. Then his hand cupped the back of her neck, and her eyes fluttered closed as he deepened the kiss. 
Her hands spread across his chest, grabbed his shoulders, fingers digging in as she pulled him in closer. Feeling the surge of need hit him, he obliged. Grabbing her waist, J.T. hoisted her up, set her on the counter, stepped between her legs.
She plastered herself against him, arms, legs, the softness of her breasts. Their tongues thrust against one another, their chins took turns sliding in different directions, different angles. His lips started cruising down the smooth skin of her throat, her little pants of pleasure urging him on, further, lower while she squirmed against him.
If she’d been feeling shy before, she wasn’t any more. Now, she was about as fully on board as a woman could be. She wasn’t sure what had happened since she left him in the barn, but J.T. had definitely changed his tune since then. Lucky -- oh please, yes, just like that -- very lucky her.
Her legs wrapped around him, and the hard evidence of his desire pressed against the denim covering her inner thigh. She moved herself over until she was more strategically placed and had the satisfaction of hearing him growl his approval.
Her body was snugged up against him just right, and she was moving against him, torturing him through his jeans. With his mouth cruising toward her breast, he dropped his hands under her, cupped her ass, lifted her up until he had dragged her against him. He was about two minutes from ripping open her clothes and making the fantasy of the morning a reality when the unmistakable buzzkill of his ringing phone interrupted.
“Don’t answer it,” Isla said.
“Have to.” 
Her legs tightened, moving her so she brushed against him, made him curse.
“No, you don’t.” She wiggled her fingers under the hem of his shirt, slid her palms up the skin of his flat stomach, and purred. “I’m on vacation.” 
He groaned. Her fingers spread over his skin felt amazing. His own fingers reached up, tried to undo the button hiding her cleavage, accidentally popped it off the shirt and sent it zinging around the room instead. He cupped her small, firm breast in his hand, and just as he was dragging his thumb over her nipple, the phone rang again. 
“Yeah, well I live here.” He pulled back, or tried to, but she lay her hand over his, kept his in place, warm on her breast. Eyes on hers, he moved his thumb again, heard her suck in air. Reaching into the back pocket of his jeans, he grabbed the ringing cell. 
“What.”
There was silence on the other end of the phone, then the sound of Rye’s voice broke the moment.
“Tell me the barn’s not on fire.”
“What?” J.T. frowned. His fingers, which had been moving in little circles around Isla’s nipple, stilled. “No.” 
“Well then, how can you possibly be in such a bad mood already? We’ve only been gone a day. Or is it the Brit? If you hate her that much, just avoid her.”
J.T. frowned at his phone again. When he looked at Isla, she had stilled on the counter and had leaned backwards slightly. She was watching him with an eyebrow raised, and it was clear to J.T. that she could hear everything his idiot brother was saying. 
“I never said I hated her.” He looked at her and shook his head. He was standing between her legs, his jeans bulging at the fly in a very conspicuous manner. Her neck was red from whisker burn where he’d kissed her, and his hand was currently inside her shirt. It should be pretty damn apparent that he didn’t hate her. Still, Isla slid her hands out from under shirt, unfolded her legs from around his back, then she shoved him sideways before hopping off the counter. “You are such a dick, Rye.”
On the phone, there was another beat of dead air, then his brother said, “O-kay,” in a way that stretched the two syllables out to about eight. 
J.T. felt his body begin to cool as Isla walked the kitchen, eyes trained on the floor, then bent with a smile that said, “A-ha!” and picked her AWOL button up off the linoleum. Shoving the button into her front pocket, she walked to the sink, rinsed her hands, then walked over to stir the pot of soup as if nothing at all interesting had just happened. The frustration made J.T. furious.
“Why are you calling, Rye. What the hell do you want?”
“We’re having a baby.”
“And?” He watched Isla as she rummaged up a pair of bowls from the cupboard, filled them with steaming soup, and set them on the kitchen table. Then suddenly, he got his brother’s meaning. “You said they were Braxton Hicks contractions.”
“Yeah, well. That was before Shawnee’s water broke.”
“Her water… well, fuck.”
“Yeah.”
“So… not coming home.”
“Not yet.” He hesitated a second. “But, um…”
“What?” J.T. heard it in his brother’s voice. He heard it in the way there was just a tinge of suppressed laughter in Rye’s tone. He didn’t know what his little brother was about to say, but he knew he wasn’t going to like it.
“Shawnee says to tell you, you’re about to get more company.”
There was dead silence on J.T.’s end of the line, then the sound of his steady cursing had Rye laughing.
“Hey, I’m just the messenger, man.”
“Damn it, Rye. Why did we book the place this close to her due date, anyway?”
“You know why, bro.”
He did. They needed the money. This was only their third year in business. His rodeo earnings had helped at first, and they had hopes for the breeding program. This year they’d have their first crop of foals, and with luck, things would get a kick start. But they sure weren’t in a place where they could turn down guests -- baby or no baby.
“More. What the fuck am I supposed to do with more?”
“You’ll figure it out. Better get on it, though. Apparently, they arrive this afternoon.”
“Damn it, Rye.”
“Oh, and Shawnee also wants me to make sure you are being nice to our guest. She says, and I quote, ‘Remind him she’s important. We need her to have a good impression so she’ll give us a strong endorsement in that magazine of hers.’”
J.T. glanced over at where Isla now sat, spooning soup she’d made herself into her mouth. That mouth was still swollen from his kiss, and her shirt gapped open where he’d torn the button off. She was eavesdropping on their conversation openly and appeared happy enough, but somehow J.T. did not think having her muck out the stables, then cook the meal, and then groping her on the kitchen counter was exactly the holiday that had been advertised.
“Shawnee says, make sure you show her a good time.”
J.T. grunted. He would have been showing her a very good time right now if he hadn’t been interrupted by this call. Somehow, though, he didn’t think that was what his sister-in-law had in mind.
“She’s fine,” J.T. said. “She’s sitting right here. I can put her on the damn phone if that would make your wife feel better.”
“She’s a little busy right now, J.T.”
At that, and at the pride and terror in his brother’s voice, J.T. grinned. The family was growing again. “That’s pretty damn great, bro. Hard to believe a dick like you is gonna be a dad.”
“Yeah well, just take care of things so Shawnee won’t worry. ‘Cuz, I might be a dick, but I’m the dick who’s about to make you an uncle.”
J.T. snorted. “Just tell you wife I got things under control. Now, get the hell off my phone and go give her a kiss her from me.”
“You’re gonna be an uncle.”
J.T. walked over to the table where Isla sat and tossed his phone onto the table before sitting down across from her. 
“Sounds like. Sooner than expected.”
Smiling warmly, Isla lay her hand on top of his arm. “That’s amazing.”
Nodding, he swallowed the soup she’d made, then toasted her with the spoon. “This is amazing.”
Smiling, she stood. “Want some more?” She retrieved the pot from the stove top and stood beside him at the table as she refilled his bowl. Saying nothing, J.T. watched her. The kitchen light was shining on her hair making it look like a golden halo, her green eyes sparkled with life, her shirt gapped, her movements playing a peek a boo game that was making it hard for J.T. to think. He kept his eyes off her breasts with an effort. 
She seemed to know what those glimpses were doing to him and seemed utterly relaxed about it. She couldn’t have any idea, though, of the emotions having her serving him had stirred. The woman was a stranger, yet the act was so familiar, so homey. So warm. It touched him.
“My sister-in-law tells me I need to show you a good time.”
Isla’s neck pivoted. Her eyes, when they met his, looked amused.
“Does she indeed?” 
His grin was quick. His touch, when he linked their fingers, lifted them to his lips briefly, was shockingly sweet. For a moment she stood there holding his hand, eyes searching his face in an effort at understanding his mood. 
“She reminded me that giving you the right impression of this place is important to our business. Yet, I’ve had you mucking the stalls and cooking the meals.”
“More like a partner than a guest, hmm?”
He flinched a bit. “Yes.”
Isla looked at him with interest. The big man seemed shamed by the fact that she hadn’t spent every second since she’d arrived with her boots propped up getting a manicure. Or something equally asinine. She would have been bored to death in hours. 
“Perhaps I should remind you, I offered to do both. And, so there’ll be no mistake, I enjoyed both.” He didn’t look convinced, so Isla shrugged and tried to explain. “I was a bit of an equestrian as a child. And before we started the magazine, I worked in a kitchen for a living. I’m not new to either task. And I haven’t had much opportunity for either recently. This is fun for me.”
He was tempted to argue, but sensed it wasn’t going to get him anywhere. 
“Fine, but, there must something you’d like to do that the resort has to offer.”
Isla felt her lips quirk up as the urge to needle him rose. The resort, he’d said, not him. She quelled the impulse to smirk. He was being sincere. She could respond in kind.
“Actually, there are two things I’d like.”
“Great,” J.T. said. “Name them.”
“I’d like to go for a ride.”
When he hesitated, Isla laughed.
“A horse, J.T. I’d like to ride a horse this afternoon. And,” she hesitated now, “I’d like to learn to drive. Is that too much to ask? I’ve never driven a team before. I’d like to learn.”
He considered the idea. It certainly wasn’t normally a service he’d offer to a guest. Then again… “Why the hell not.”
The delighted look on her face gave him that same warm feeling he’d had when she’d refilled his soup dish. She’d only been here a day and already J.T. sensed he was enjoying her company way too much. She was only visiting. He needed to remember that. Pushing his chair back, he stood, carried his dish to the sink. 
“It will have to be a quick lesson,” J.T. said, “We’ve got more guests coming.”
“Oh?“ She was pretty sure he had no idea he’d just referred to them as a unit. She liked it. “In that case, meet you down there in fifteen.”  



Chapter Eight

 

    She’d tried to tell him it was unnecessary. She knew how to kit out her own hack. In the end, though, Isla found she quite liked watching J.T. saddle up the leggy black mare with the roman nose. 
His big fingers were deft on the buckles as he tightened the girth. Next, he lifted her foreleg and stretched her leg slightly forward before releasing it and slipping his fingers underneath the girth to make certain he had it buckled tight enough. 
Once he had the bridle in place, J.T. took the reins and walked the mare into the riding ring with Isla at his side.
“What are you grinning about?”
“I’m having fun,” Isla said, then she elbowed him gently in the side and grinned up at him. “You make a good groom.”
Halting the mare, he turned to face her. “You think so, do you?”
He didn’t hate the idea. The way she looked right now, so happy and relaxed, made the idea of prepping horses for her to ride appealing enough. “Then let’s get you up there.” 
Lifting the braided reins up over the mare’s ears, J.T. pulled the stirrups down in their leathers. When the mare started to move restlessly, he stepped in front of the horse, snugged up his hold on the reins under her chin, and nodded for Isla to step up. 
“What’s her name?” Isla asked as she gathered the reins into her left hand and reached for the stirrup iron with her right. 
“This is Birdie,” J.T. said, stroking his hand down the mare’s neck. “She takes care of a rider.”
“Does she now?” Isla murmured, and mounted expertly. Buckling up the strap on her riding helmet, Isla lifted her knee over the pommel so J.T. could adjust the length of her stirrups. Gathering up the reins, she stroked the mare and cooed nonsensical words about the fun they would have together. J.T. flipped the saddle leather down once the stirrups were adjusted and guided her boot into the stirrup. Her heels sank down immediately. 
Isla smiled her thanks for J.T. and clicked her tongue for Birdie. At the gentle nudge from Isla’s calves, Birdie started walking and Isla steered her toward the edges of the riding ring.
The woman had a nice seat on a horse, J.T. thought with appreciation. Really, he shouldn’t have been surprised. When earlier he’d checked the stalls she’d cleaned, he’d found them professionally handled. When Isla said she had a background with horses, she was clearly telling the truth. 
Right now, she had the mare moving at a trot in serpentines across the length of the arena. Isla’s hands were steady on the reins as she posted, rising up and down in her stirrups to the rhythm of the mare’s stride. J.T. shook his head at what he considered the wimpy absurdities of English riding. 
Developing an English Equestrian Centre had been all Shawnee’s idea. Both he and Rye were cowboys born and bred, but Rye’s wife had ridden jumpers at the Grand Prix level. Nothing wimpy there, J.T. would be first to acknowledge. She’d had a bit of a following when she was competing, enough to draw those interested in training under her to the ranch. And while J.T. had his own level of success on the rodeo circuit, the idea of running clinics on rodeo left him with a mild case of hives. Someday, he expected, he’d pass on his skills to a son or daughter. Until then, he left the teaching to Shawnee.
 He might understand the business plan, might acknowledge that there was room for all types within the equine world, but a posting trot would never call his name. Give him a good stock horse, any day. Right now, though, as Isla urged Birdie into a canter and the woman’s snug breeches clung to her long legs, he was finding a whole new appreciation for English riding. 
And Isla rode well. When she cantered Birdie in a circle, then flashed a smile his way, J.T. found himself wanting to saddle up his own mount and join her. 
No time. Work to do. Yet, he indulged himself a moment longer, standing and watching as Isla put the mare through her paces. Despite the long list of tasks he had to accomplish, he admitted he didn’t want to leave. He could stay and watch the woman and the mare all day.
“Does she jump?” Isla pulled Birdie up and walked her in the direction of the posts at the end of the arena. Stepping out of the saddle, she landed lightly on her feet, felt the burn, nonetheless, as her winter-chilled toes hit the ground. She looked over to where J.T. had been standing, waiting for his answer before leaning down and grabbing one of the rails and lifting the end from the ground. It didn’t surprise her when instead of answering he ambled over from his spot to help. 
“I wouldn’t take her over three feet,” he said as he muscled one of the standard wings into the centre of the ring, then went back for the rest of the jump. “Do you? When’s the last time you rode over jumps?”
In response, Isla grinned, and started dragging the rail she held over nearer to the jump. J.T. stopped her, taking the rail from her and carrying it himself. He set the cups at a meager two feet, making Isla laugh to herself at his caution. “Don’t worry about me, I’ll be fine.”
In response, he grunted, and Isla smiled again. Maybe it was because he’d been kissing the breath out of her lungs less than an hour earlier, maybe it was because being back in the saddle had her heart soaring, but whatever the reason, Isla realized she found even the frown he currently wore sexy. 
She mounted up as he set up a few other jumps. He kept the height low on each of the standards, though he did set her up a double combination on the far end of the ring. Then, without being asked, he stepped closer and adjusted her stirrup length to the shorter jumping level.
“For a cowboy, you seem to know a lot about English riding.”
“It’s our business,” J.T. said, looking up at her with his hand still on the ankle of her boot. Then he shrugged. “I’d rather rope a steer myself.”
If she liked him frowning, she found herself positively magnetized by the grin he was giving her now. When his eyes met hers, saw the expression in hers, J.T.’s own gaze heated. His hand travelled from her boot to rest just above her knee.
“Isla,” he said, then trailed off without finishing the thought. “Be safe out there.” 
She smiled. His concern was cute. It made her feel warm inside. 
“They’re no more than two feet high,” Isla said. Playfully, she lay her hand on his shoulder. In response, J. T. stepped back. His reaction made her grin. When he turned his back on her without another word and headed back to his original watching spot near the barn door, Isla watched him go. He heard -- and ignored -- her low purr of approval. Because she’d intended him to. She was laughing now, the sound low in her throat when she gathered up her reins, adjusting them for greater control.
“Alright, forget the sexy cowboy. Head on your riding,” she mumbled to herself, then patted Birdie’s neck when the mare’s ear twitched towards the sound of her voice. Squeezing her legs, Isla sent her mount into a canter and pointed her into the first jump. “Alright Birdie, let’s see if you can fly.”
They cleared the first obstacle no problem, and then Isla guided the horse to the next. Birdie hesitated a fraction on the approach, then popped over the jump at the last moment, clearing it with a huge margin. It jarred Isla slightly on landing, reminded her that she hadn’t done this in a while, and she took a firmer grip heading into the double combination J.T. had set up. When the mare soared over both clear, Isla pulled her back to a walk and slapped the mare’s shoulder as enthusiastically as if they’d just cleared a round of five-foot verticals. The smile on her face was huge when she glanced over to where J.T. had stood.
He was gone.
Isla had no idea when he’d slipped out, and she tried to be diplomatic about it. The man had better things to do than stand around watching her all day. His departure was a vote of confidence, really. J.T. never would have left if he had concerns about her ability. Still, underneath all the reasonable self-talk, Isla felt that sliver of disappointment, that shadow of loss. 
Silly.
She was here to ride. This was just another workday for him. Isla shut his departure out of her mind and gave herself back to the pleasure of the moment. She’d take those jumps again. More than once, likely. She refused to allow attraction to a man she’d only just met intrude on her joy in this moment. With the horse again moving under her, she told herself she wouldn’t waste a single second wondering about where J.T. had gone.
And anyway, Isla decided, as Birdie tucked her knees up under her chin and soared over the uprights a second time, she’d find him later. 



Chapter Nine
 


The day had turned into a fucking nightmare. 
The first guests had arrived mid-afternoon. The couple announced they were here on their honeymoon and wanted to be shown directly to their room. The bride giggled -- seriously, giggled -- which aroused J.T.’s suspicions about the legality of their “marriage.” Not that he would normally have cared. It was just… if this girl was old enough to marry, he’d eat his boots. On the other hand, the groom -- if that’s what he really was -- must have been easily as old as J.T. himself. 
He had a very bad feeling as he handed them the key to the room at the farthest end of the first-floor hall. Short of calling the police, J.T. had no choice but to fulfill the booking. So, he did the only thing he could think to do -- he put the key into the hands of the woman.
“Ma’am,” J.T. said, “Is this what you want?”
The man -- his credit card said his name was Pete Unger -- looked at him quickly, and hostility oozed from his expression. As if that would stop J.T. from intervening if the woman asked him to. Instead she grabbed the key, giggled a second time, then batted her eyelashes at J.T.
“Do you have any specials for honeymooning couples?” The girl asked. “Like, maybe the room comes with candles? Or free booze?”
J.T. had to work hard to keep his feelings from showing in his voice. “There are no candles permitted at the ranch. They are a fire hazard, and we are outside the fire protection district.”
“Just send up a bottle to the room, then,” Unger said, and slapped a ten onto the counter in front of J.T. “And keep the change.”
J.T. looked at the money and wondered what kind of bottle this man wanted that he imagined would have any change left from a measly ten-dollar bill. He pushed the bill back across the counter.
“There are bottles in the mini-fridge in the rooms. We will simply charge your selections to your credit card at check out.”
The girl gave a little hop of pleasure at this news and clapped her hands together, which did nothing to dispel J.T.’s concerns about her age. Her behaviour seemed to do it for Unger, though. He wrapped his arms around the girl, and when her arms slid around his neck, he stuck his tongue into the girl’s mouth and palmed her ass. He gave J.T. a challenging look, then picked up the single duffle bag they’d brought between them and pushed the girl down the hall in the direction of their room.
“Honeymoon my ass,” J.T. muttered as he watched them go, and tried not to think about what they would be doing in the room he’d just rented them. 
J.T. was in the kitchen cutting up onions for the big pot of chilli he had decided to prep for the evening meal when the front doorbell chime Rye had installed pinged. Looking up, his eyes red and stinging from the damn onions, J.T. glowered in the direction of the door. He scooped up the chopped onions with his hands and threw them into the pot. When they immediately started to sizzle in the oil, J.T. turned the burner to low, gave the onions a quick stir to even them out in the pot, then headed to greet the new arrivals.
This time, he discovered a young family. Both parents looked fairly frazzled, like they’d been travelling a long way on non-existent sleep. The mother held an infant in her arms, and it was hard to hear the dad’s words over the sound of the baby’s shrieks. J.T. watched in fascinated horror as the mother tried to rock, then bounce the child to no avail. 
“Colic,” the father said by way of explanation. Ignoring the way the three-year-old standing at his side tugged at his coat, he handed J.T his credit card. With a grimace of a smile pasted on his face, J.T. returned the man’s card along with the family’s room key. As if on que, the three-year-old’s face turned a sickly white, and the kid spewed all over the floor. 
For a second, everyone froze. Then the father looked down at his vomit-splattered shoes, the baby resumed its screeching, and the mother waved her free hand at her husband and said, “I told you we shouldn’t have come.” 
J.T. felt his left eye start to twitch, and the second the family left the room, he headed straight for the mop pail in the kitchen. Where, his already scalded nostrils informed him, the onions were burning away in the pot. 
“Shit!”
Grabbing the dish towel he’d left hanging off the stove door handle, J.T. wrapped the cloth around the pot’s handle, and dumped both into the kitchen sink. Then, wheeling the mop bucket in front of him, he headed back to the front room to slop up the kid’s barf. He muttered a steady stream of curses the entire time it took him to clean the mess from the floor, hunt up the wet floor sign from behind the counter, and wheel the mop to the laundry room to dump the disgusting water down the industrial washing drain in the floor.
He scrubbed his hands with anti-bacterial soap, and scrubbed a second time, just to be sure. The last thing he needed, J.T. thought as he headed back into the kitchen for round two, was to catch a bug from some sick guest right before Rye and Shawnee brought home their new baby.
And, speaking of…
He snagged his cell phone, fired off a quick text.

     J.T.: Status? 
     Rye: Three centimetres dilated. 
     J.T.: That’s good right?
     Rye: Seven centimetres to go.
     J.T.: Shit. Can’t you tell her to hurry it up?
     Rye:  I could, if I had a death wish. 
     J.T.: Grow a pair, bro.
     Rye: Guess which finger I’m holding up right   now?
     J.T.: All I’m saying is if I kill these guests of Shawnee’s before you two get back from your holiday, it’s on you, bro.
     Rye: No worries. We’ll bring the baby to meet you in prison.

“Dick,” J.T. grumbled as he snapped the phone shut, but he was grinning when he grabbed more onions and started chopping all over again. He had just finished his third onion when the back door popped open. J.T. turned with the knife in mid-air. When Isla walked in looking light and carefree and like all was right with the world then took one look at his dagger grip on the knife and burst out laughing, J.T.frowned. Her grin widened, and she sauntered across the room towards him.
His eyes narrowed as he watched her glide across the room in his direction. He was fairly certain she was deliberately making her hips sway that way. Right now, he just wasn’t in the mood. At least, that’s what he told himself. The happy little jump he experienced below the belt when she sniffed the air then smiled at him begged to differ.
“You’re looking adorably dangerous,” she said, then lay her hand on top of his and pressed the knife to the counter. 
His eyes went to hers, and she smiled up at him as if she couldn’t even see harshness in his expression. Again, he felt that twitch in his pants. The woman glowed when she smiled. How was a guy supposed to resist that smile? 
“I could positively murder a sandwich. What are you…”, she paused and grinned when she noticed the pot with its scalded onions still festering in the sink, “burning?”
“Chilli.” His one-word answer was curt, but there was so much venom in the single word that Isla smiled again. Then she went to the sink and soaped and scrubbed her hands.
“What are you doing?”
She didn’t respond, just finished washing up, then turned the flow of water into the pot of burned onions and started scrubbing. 
“Hopefully the rest of your day has gone better than this,” Isla said, carrying the cleaned pot over to the stove then nudging J.T. away from the cutting board. 
“Isla, you’re doing it again.”
“What am I doing, then? Rescuing you, do you mean?”
He ignored her cute little grin. If she thought that smile made her look sweet and innocent, she was way off the mark.
“We talked about this.”
“We did. As I recall, I told you cooking was fun for me. So, for that matter, is eating. And I don’t tend to prefer my food charred.” She dumped in the ground beef he’d left sitting on a plate on the counter, stirred it as it browned. “Where do you keep the chilli paste?”
He grabbed the spices she indicated from the cupboard where Shawnee stored them, then sighed. Moving around her, J.T. picked up the knife and started chopping tomatoes and mushrooms. If he couldn’t get her to leave, at least he could help. Isla looked over and smiled at him in approval.
“This is nice,” she said. “Have you checked in the other guests yet?”
His opinion was in his nod. “Mopped up after the kid hurled, too,” he said dryly.
Isla looked over at him quickly, her eyebrows lifted in a look of surprise that changed to amused sympathy. 
“We have a sick child as a guest, and you opted to prepare chilli?” 
“I already had it started.”
Caught up in her thoughts, Isla barely noticed that his voice had turned defensive. 
“I’ll just whip up a little broth, as well,” she mused, “and some rice. Should do the trick.”
“Rice?” J.T. asked, curious in spite of himself. He lifted the cutting board full of chopped vegetables and glanced over at her. “You ready for this?”
 When she nodded, he leaned over and added his contribution to the pot. His arm brushed hers, and the brief contact flared inside him until he was suddenly thinking about earlier that day when he’d had her pressed up against him. Unfinished business there.
“Mmm,” Isla murmured, “Smell those tomatoes.”
J.T. leaned in, sniffed. She smelled like horses and cooking meat. Definite unfinished business. And if he didn’t move away right now, they were going to burn a second pot of chilli.
“You need anything else?”
The look in her eyes told him she knew he was running away and was amused by the knowledge.
“If I do, I’ll rummage.” 
He nodded, backed away. It made Isla want to step forward into his space simply to see what he might do. What he did was turn his back to her and head for the door. Isla watched him go, the sounds and smells of simmering meat wafting up from the stove she stood beside. 
He heard her laughter as he walked down the hall, putting a safer distance between them, and shook his head. This was now the second time he’d walked away to the sound of her laughter. Clearly, the woman was easily amused. That wasn’t exactly the emotion she stirred inside him. 
He liked the way she looked, the way she smelled. He could get hooked on the sound of her accent. He’d even enjoyed the competent way she’d bossed him around his own kitchen. Not to mention, it turned out the Brit was a damn fine horse woman.
The emotions the woman stirred inside him were surprisingly strong. Definitely dangerous. It would be smart to remember that, to keep his distance.
No way in hell was that going to happen. At this point, even if she’d allow it -- and he doubted her intentions there -- J.T. knew he wouldn’t stay away. They were going to finish what they’d started. Maybe it would only be a short-term thing, but it would be good while it lasted.
Short-term wouldn’t be the first time, J.T. mused as he picked up the ax and headed out to the wood pile. For a lot of years while he was on the road chasing rodeo, short-term had been his M.O. Lately, watching Rye and Shawnee together, maybe he’d started to want more. Nothing wrong with that. People changed. Wants, needs changed. 
He was still thinking about the things Isla currently had him wanting and needing as he stacked his armful of logs beside the fireplace. Crouching down, J.T. worked at stoking the fire. Icy air hit the back of his neck when the front door opened and a man stomped inside, kicking snow off leather loafers as he walked.
The new arrival -- J.T. assumed he was the last of Shawnee’s expected guests -- was a middle-aged man who strode into the lodge wearing an expensive suit and carrying an attaché case. Looking around the room with an aura of indifference, he shrugged out of his trench coat, draped it over his left arm, then pulled out his smartphone and started up a conversation on his way over to the registration counter. 
J.T. stayed where he was, watching, unimpressed, for the man to acknowledge or even notice his presence. When neither happened, he stood, smacked the clinging wood chips off his sleeves, and joined the man at the counter. J.T. started to steam as the man stood in front of the reception counter making J.T. wait while he continued his conversation.
“Welcome to Juniper Hills,” J.T. said, doing his best, despite his very long afternoon, to channel the way Shawnee welcomed guests. When the man merely lifted up a silencing finger and waved it in J.T.’s face, though, the steam started to hiss for release. The man ignored the way J.T.’s eyes narrowed, but he did stop and look twice when J.T. folded his massive arms across his chest.
“Hold on, Gord,” he said, holding the phone into his double-breasted chest. “I need a room. And get your valet to grab my bags out of the car, would you?”
It took everything inside J.T. to keep from telling the man exactly what he could do with his bags. 
“And how long should we expect the pleasure of your company?”
“Just for the night.” The man looked like the thought of spending even one night was more than he could fathom. Then his neck swivelled, and following the direction of his stare, J.T. saw Isla walk around the corner and head down the hall in the direction of her room. “Then again, how long is she here?”
When the new guest leered down the hallway after Isla, J.T. felt his hackles rise. He had to fight the urge to smash his fist into the man’s doughy mid-section. Wordlessly, he offered the man a key to the room farthest from Isla’s. He felt some satisfaction knowing he’d put the man in the room next to the family with the screaming infant. That satisfaction intensified when, five minutes later, the man returned.
“My bags?” he demanded.
“No valet,” J.T. said. “You’ll need to get them yourself.”
The man stood up at his full height and scowled at J.T. The look faded slightly when J.T. straightened, too, and the man seemed to recognize J.T.’s height for the first time. Grumbling, he stepped away.
“You might have said so, man.”
“Could have,” J.T. agreed. “Didn’t. Out here, we find it rude when people can’t get off their phones long enough to have a conversation with the people trying to assist them.”
The man stared at J.T. “I don’t need some hick to lecture me. Maybe I’ll just leave now.”
“Your call. Charges are non-refundable unless we have twenty-four hours notice of cancellation.”
The man just shook his head and walked out the front door. J.T. didn’t wait to see if the man decided to stay or go. He was gone out the back door before the man walked back inside.    



Chapter Ten
 


 Isla’s mood was stellar as she sat in the tippy little chair and savoured her sore muscles. She’d finished up in the kitchen, had a quick shower, and now sat with a full heart and an empty computer screen. Her hands were poised over the keys when she glanced outside, saw J.T.
The man was moving. His back was to her, but she didn’t need to see his face to know he was burning off some serious anger. It was there in every jerky stride he took. She smiled. That was one cheesed-off male. Somehow, though, even miffed as he’d so often been in the short time she’d known him, she could think of nothing but shagging the brains out of the man. Preferably over and over again. Thinking of it, a soft hum purred in her throat, and she half-rose before realizing what she was doing and sitting herself right back down. 
“Isla, luv, you’ve completely lost the plot.”
Maybe she was too distracted for words to begin to flow, but at least she’d remembered to retrieve her camera after her gorgeous ride on Birdie. Isla removed the memory card, plugged it into the computer, began the download process. She steepled her fingers and watched as J.T.’s figure disappeared down the trail leading to his own home. 
The file of downloaded photos popped up just as she lost sight of J.T., and she turned her attention to the computer screen. With a murmur of pleasure, she pulled up a stunning shot of the snow-crowned lodge. She was looking at a potential cover shot, and she knew it. Her excitement grew as she scrolled through the photos she’d taken that morning. There was a lot to work with here, and this was only the beginning of her stay. 
Soon she was typing, her fingers flying as the photographs jolted ideas free inside her head. Isla typed out paragraphs of background information about the equestrian centre and its location. She jotted down a point form list of how Mellie had tracked down the centre, then wrote a quick three hundred words worth of impressions of her first day. 
She paused there, because beyond the beauty of the location and the surprise of the Clydesdales living here, her chief impression was that as a family-run business, the place was currently understaffed. Yet, Isla knew she’d never report that. Such a report would be devastating to the future of a new business like this one. 
She owed the truth to her readers -- that went without saying -- but what really was the truth here? Two weeks before Christmas was undoubtedly off-season for a business built around equestrian activities. Isla suspected that the baby’s unexpectedly early arrival was a bit of a game changer for the family who operated the lodge. With only four sets of guests in residence, a staff of three would have been more than sufficient to keep the little family business humming along nicely. A staff of one, though…
Yes, J.T. had his hands full. Clearly, he wasn’t playing to his strengths hosting the guests. Still, he’d stepped into the role which had been thrust upon him -- scowling and cursing, it was true -- but doing what needed doing all the same. No matter how much he hated it, Isla thought with a small smile. Leaning back in the chair she steepled her fingers under her chin again. Rocking the chair back and forth in her distraction, she considered J.T. 
The man had captured her imagination, she knew that much for certain. She thought about the way he looked with his hair shaved close, remembered the way his dark eyes never hid a single emotion. Irritation, pleasure, attraction, lust: they were there up front and in your face every instant you spent with the man. You knew where you stood with J.T., Isla thought. She liked that.
She considered the way his giant hands had been deft on the buckles of Birdie’s tack, remembered his complete competence with the horses, the immaculate order he maintained inside his stable. There was nothing in her mind but respect for his skills there. And when she remembered his kisses, the rush of heat that had sprung up in her at her first sight of him, the flash of passion when he’d lifted her effortlessly onto the kitchen counter, well. She wanted more of that. 
Just thinking about the feel of J.T.’s body when she’d pressed against him left her restless. There was more there, though. Working alongside him in the kitchen that afternoon had shown that, had felt comfortable yet intimate. Preparing the food together, it had felt as if the two of them were a real couple instead a pair of virtual strangers who’d only just met. There was unfinished business between them, Isla felt it in every muscle, every nerve ending. She fully intended to see what she’d started through to its conclusion.
 Mellie may have been the one to put the thought of a holiday fling in her head, but her sister couldn’t have known there’d be a man like J.T. here. Or, could she? Just how completely had her sister set her up when she’d pushed this snowy country holiday? Frowning at the thought, Isla sent her fingers flying on the keys of the computer. She pulled up the Juniper Hills website, scanned the site for any reference to J.T.
It wasn’t there. Isla breathed out, felt herself relax.
She wasn’t sure why it mattered, but it did. Maybe she’d succumbed to her sister’s not-so-subtle pressure and allowed Mellie to choose the location of this vacation. She didn’t want that to be the case with J.T. Isla wanted to be very clear on that one. She wanted to choose him for herself. Only then could she fully enjoy what was going to happen next between them. Only then could she live with her choices after it ended.
It would end. She was only visiting, after all. That needed to be clear in her mind before she seduced him. And she fully intended to seduce the man, and soon.
 She wanted him. Clearly, the feeling was mutual, even if J.T. seemed to have some misguided hesitation on acting on his feelings. She could imagine how it would be between them, his big hands on her body taking her places she hadn’t been in far too long. Isla let herself daydream about the ways they could show each other pleasure, and her tongue darted out to lick her lips. Just imagining him was stirring her up. 
No way would she let the inevitable end put a halt to what was just beginning. 
It took some effort, but Isla pulled her thoughts away from J.T. and forced her mind back to the work she was doing on the computer. She already knew her article would include the Clydesdale angle. There was research she could do there. Isla considered, decided she’d prefer to hear J.T. speak about his animals first. She could always research the breed after, fill in any gaps. 
She felt her share of curiosity about J.T. himself. There were questions forming inside her head. How had a man such as J.T. come to be at this place in his life? Who had he been before? Had he ever been married? The thought popped into her mind unbidden and rocked her back in her chair. 
Where had that come from?
 Staring at the computer, Isla fought the urge to google the man, see what she could learn about his online footprint. Maybe it would be sparse, but there was always something there if you knew how to search. The reporter in Isla was very adept at researching a subject online. Of course, he, Isla’s instincts insisted, would see that as an invasion of privacy. Anything she wanted to know, she really should ask him directly.
Even knowing it, Isla was tempted. Standing, she closed the lid on her computer and walked away. 
The problem, Isla thought as she glanced at the clock on the nightstand, was that her interest wasn’t purely professional.  If there was no personal component to what she felt for J.T., she would have known all there was to know about him without a second thought. 
The thought made her frown slightly. If all she wanted from J.T. was sex, it shouldn’t matter if she searched. It should make no difference what she discovered. Instead, here she was censoring herself before anything more profound than a kiss had even occurred between them.
“And that’s a lie.” 
She wasn’t in the habit of lying to herself over a man. She felt more for J.T. than just lust. She also liked the man -- grumpy bear that he was. 
Her stomach growled suddenly, the sound loud in the empty room, and Isla glanced over at the clock on the stand beside the bed. Ten of seven. She’d spent more than enough time cooped up in her room. Grabbing a sweater and her camera, Isla headed for the door. On impulse, she grabbed her coat from where she’d hung it and carried it with her. She’d eat. That was first on her agenda. It wouldn’t take her long, though. After, she’d walk herself down to the stables, give Birdie a kiss goodnight. Then perhaps a late-night hot tub -- alone if necessary, with J.T. if she could convince him to join her. 
Content with her plan, confident in her ability to be convincing, Isla shut the door behind her, and hurried down the dimly lit hall.
He knew the moment she entered the room. For one thing, Stan the Man, who unfortunately had decided that he’d stay despite the horrors of having to act as his own valet, turned so quickly in his seat that he knocked over the table salt. Then he simply left it lying on its side, spilling salt onto the tablecloth.
“You’re spilling,” Isla said, nodding her chin in the direction of the salt. Then she walked past without giving the man a second glance and made her way over to the stove where J.T. was standing.
“Hi.” She smiled at him, her eyes warm and friendly as she reached behind him for a bowl.
She was standing close enough that he could have taken her in his arms. He found he wanted to do exactly that. “How was your ride?”
“Delightful. Birdie’s a sweet little thing. Looking forward to doing it again.” Lifting the lid on the chilli pot, Isla nodded with satisfaction when she saw how little remained. Filling her bowl, she turned back to where J.T. leaned against the kitchen counter. He had his ankles crossed, his hands braced against the edge of the counter, and he looked entirely relaxed. “Are you an uncle yet?”
“No.” He sounded disgusted, and it broadened Isla’s smile. Whether his mood was prompted by the delay in the child’s arrival or in his continued need to be in charge here, she couldn’t tell, but she found him adorable, either way. 
“It can take some time,” she said, touching his arm with her hand. She glanced over at the empty chilli pot. “I suppose I’ll be preparing dinner again tomorrow then.”
“Isla about that…”
She waved away whatever he was about to say. “We talked about this. I want to help.”
“I was just going to say, if you’re going to be cooking for us all, I’d like to do something nice for you.”
“Oh?” Her gaze dropped to the counter where, not too many hours earlier, he’d been on his way to doing something very nice indeed. When her eyes lifted to meet his, hers danced up at him with a very naughty twinkle. “What did you have in mind?”
“Sleigh ride.”
Amused, her eyebrow arched. “Sleigh ride?”
“I could do a sleigh ride.”
Together Isla and J.T. looked over to the man sitting at the table. Saying nothing, J.T. noted that he still hadn’t bothered to straighten up the toppled salt shaker.
“Who are you?” Isla asked, pointing her spoon at the man. 
“Stanley Wronski,” the man said, standing and extending his hand. He dropped it, though, when the child bride walked in wearing bare feet and a thin white tank top that showed the curve of her bare breasts and the points of her nipples. Seeming not to notice that the man had his eyes glued to her chest, the young woman walked over to the table and righted the table salt before heading in the direction of the fridge. 
Without a single word to anyone in the room, she opened the refrigerator, rummaged around, then pulled out a jar of salsa and a block of cheese. Next, she snagged a bag of tortilla chips from the pantry and started opening and shutting cupboards until J.T. couldn’t stand it anymore.
“Help you?”
She looked up at J.T. and giggled. “We’re starving,” she said. She paused then flushed slightly and smiled as if enjoying some private joke. “You have a grater?”
Looking a lot like he was questioning his life choices, J.T. opened a drawer and pulled out a metal grater, then handed it to the girl. 
“So,” he said, turning back to Isla, “You interested?”
“A sleigh ride sounds very Christmas-y.”
“That’s a yes, then?”
Walking over to the sink, Isla rinsed her dish then moved over to where the girl was squeezing the life out of the cheddar. Beckoning, she indicated that the girl should hand her the cheese. The girl merely looked at her and held the grater in her fist like some kind of weapon. 
“Please,” Isla said, and waited until the girl finally handed things over. “I’m Isla,” she said to the girl, then smiled at J.T. when he handed her a platter without being asked. “A sleigh ride sounds lovely,” Isla told J.T. Quickly and competently she grated cheese onto the chips. “It works better if you hold the grater on an angle, like this. See?”
“Oh, I get it,” the girl said. She looked at Isla and for the first time since she’d walked into the room, the girl seemed a touch insecure. “I’m Penny. I haven’t done much cooking.”
At the table, Stan snorted. “You’re cooking just fine, honey.”
“Right.” J.T.’s voice was flat as he straightened away from the counter. He tugged lightly on Isla’s silky hair as he walked past. “Thirty minutes. I’ll pick you up out front.” 
She grinned widely at the idea. “You’re going to pick me up. In a sleigh. From the front porch.”
Seeing how the thought amused her, J.T.’s lips lifted slightly. For an instant his eyes met hers, and then he was gone out the door. Isla slid the plate into the microwave and set the timer. 
“Enjoy your nachos, Penny,” she said.
“Oh, they’re not all for me. I’ll take them up to my husband. Maybe he’ll want a sleigh ride, too.”
“Your… Blimey. Penny, luv, you don’t look near old enough to have a husband.”
Smiling shyly, Penny held up her left hand. On her ring finger was a simple gold band with the world’s tiniest diamond on top. “We’re on our honeymoon.”
“Lucky bastard.”
Isla frowned. Beside her, Penny snatched the nachos from the microwave. Without another word, she left the room.
 “You’re a right chav, aren’t you, Stanley?”
“Darling, I have no idea what that means, but I can be anything you need me to.”
“Quite. Well, I’m so glad we had this little chin-wag, but I’ve a ride to prepare for.”
“I’ll give you a…”
The look she gave him shut down the rest of what he’d been about to say, and instead, he shrugged, then gave her a sheepish grin. It was like he was trying to appear non-threatening, as if he’d only been joking around with his lowering comments. Without giving him a chance to offend her more, Isla left him sitting alone, and she left the room.



Chapter Eleven

 

By the time J.T. had the team harnessed and was climbing into his seat at the front of the sleigh, his heart was full of anticipation. When Isla had suggested he teach her to drive, he had hesitated. The Clydesdales were his business, but they were also his babies. He wasn’t sure he wanted to share them with her. 
Something had changed, though, because as he drove the team toward the lodge, he was excited. He felt proud to be able to show off his horses for the Brit.
Except, when he pulled the team up in front of the lodge, Isla was nowhere to be seen. Instead, there was a cluster of other guests, all bundled in winter wear, obviously waiting, expecting to join in on the ride. J.T. felt his mood sink. He should have waited to invite her in private. Dumb. He sighed in resignation as Penny and Pete -- it still bothered J.T. to think of them as married -- climbed into the back of the sleigh without questioning their invitation. Wronski followed on their heels, interrupting the newlyweds in what had already become a make-out session in the back of the sleigh. 
“What are you staring at?” the groom demanded suddenly, and J.T. pivoted around in his seat to see Wronski hold up his hands defensively. That guy was going to get flattened if he didn’t smarten up. Whatever was said between the men next was lost on him, though. The front door of the lodge opened up, and Isla stood backlit by a frame of golden light. 
Lifting the hood of her jacket onto her head, Isla took in the situation in the sleigh. Her eyes connected with J.T.’s, and she grinned. The look told him she was fully aware of how annoyed he felt at having this ride hijacked. There wasn’t anything he could do about the tag-alongs, though, and the look he gave her said as much. Grinning again, Isla stepped off the porch.
She didn’t move to the sleigh immediately. Instead, J.T. kept his eyes on her as she stepped in front of the horses, murmuring nonsense that had the horses pricking their ears her way. It warmed his heart to watch her with his team. When she reached up to stroke the white blaze running the length of Boots’ face, the gelding dropped his nose as far as the overcheck rein would allow. She patted his neck, then moved away, and the big suck of a gelding actually whickered for her.
Of course, she’d go introduce herself before climbing into the sleigh. That’s what any equestrian would do. And Isla was definitely an equestrian, J.T. thought. Their eyes met as she walked past, then stepped a fleece-lined boot onto the sleigh runner. From the corner of his eye, J.T. noticed Wronski slide over in his seat, then lift the blanket covering his lap in offering.
“Thanks,” Isla said, “But I already have a spot.” Deliberately, she looked at J.T., and reaching down, he hauled her up. He slid over to make room for her on the seat beside him, enjoying the warmth radiating from her leg where it pressed against his.   
He watched as she took a pair of gloves from her jacket pocket, waited as she put them on. 
“Ready for this?” he asked. When she nodded, eyes shining up at him in the night, he clucked his tongue, then tugged lightly on the reins. When the team moved off and the wagon lurched slightly, it threw Isla off balance slightly. Gurgling with laughter, she clutched at his arm, tucking her hand into the hollow between his bicep and his chest. Which was just fine by him. 
 He could feel her fingers dig in tighter every time the sleigh jostled them. It made J.T. smile. She’d find her balance soon enough. Until then, he was enjoying the feeling of keeping her steady beside him. It made him feel protective and amused him all at the same time. 
“You wouldn’t be having a laugh at me over there, would you, cowboy?”
“Who me?” J.T. grinned. When the wagon dipped, and the sudden jerking threw Isla into him with a very female squeal, he laughed outright. “You okay there, ma’am?”
“I’m fine,” she assured him, looking up at him from under lowered lashes, “And don’t think I don’t know you’re putting on that accent just for my benefit.”
“Busted.” He grinned at her. “I like yours better, anyway.”
She smacked his arm playfully, making him laugh again. They fell silent then, enjoying the companionship of the ride. The night was clear, and a half moon cast shadowed patterns across the snowy fields as the team pulled and the bells on their harness jingled in time to their trot. Isla was enjoying the crispness of the air against the bare skin of her cheeks when from the back seat, Penny suddenly started to sing.
“Oh, jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way.”
When Isla groaned, J.T. leaned into her. “You have a problem with Christmas?”
“Just the carols.”
“Oh yeah?” A grin split his face when from the back the men’s voices joined in with Penny’s. When his voice joined the others and it turned out J.T. had a deep, rich baritone, Isla glanced at him in surprise a moment. Then she shook her head in amusement, and looked straight ahead, eyes watching the horses’ necks bob and their round rumps flex as they moved. When J.T. elbowed her slightly, she looked back at him, saw the way the moon shone off his white teeth.
“Come on,” he said, “Sing.”
“Not happening.” But she laughed when he increased the volume, singing with gusto just for her benefit. Playing along, Isla covered her ears with her gloved hands. “You people are hurting my ears.”
As if making a point, they launched into the next song. If anything, they belted out the chorus of Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer even louder and kept the volume up for Santa Claus Is Coming To Town. Penny was still leading the song selection, and when she mellowed things out, J.T. lowered his voice until it was almost a whisper and bent his head to sing the lyrics to I’ll   Be Home for Christmas into Isla’s ear.
With J.T.’s breath warm against her cheek, and his voice softly seductive in her ear, Isla finally gave in, and joined him.
“I’ll be home for Christmas, but only in my dreams.”
From the back of the sleigh, Penny clapped with childlike enthusiasm. “You have a beautiful voice, Isla.”
In response, Isla just laughed. “My sister would call you mad for that. She’s the one with the voice in the family. Always has been.”
“Well,” J.T. said, “Let’s see how you handle this one. It’s my favourite.”
Beside him on the front seat, Isla cracked a smile when J.T. started to sing.
“Just hear those sleigh bells jingling, ring-ting- tingling, too. Come on it’s lovely weather for a sleigh ride together with you.”
Isla laughed out loud. “Of course this one’s your favourite.” Then she joined into the song. When they finished, Isla chuckled softly, then lay her head on J.T.’s shoulder as he drove the team and directed them back toward the lodge. He glanced down at her, smiled slightly, then rested his chin on top of her head. 
Sitting in the front of the sleigh beside J.T., the night seemed full of promise to Isla. The air was so clean and fresh it stung just to breathe. The sound of the sleigh bells jingling mingled with the conversation from behind them while the sky exploded with all the tiny little twinkling stars you could never see from her apartment in town. With the heat from the big, solid man sitting beside her keeping her toasty from the inside out, Isla couldn’t think of a more perfect evening. She couldn’t have come up with a more perfect Christmas holiday if she’d chosen it herself.
In some ways, it didn’t really even feel like a vacation. Instead, Isla realized as the now steaming horses pulled up in front of the lodge and slowed from a trot to a walk, it felt more like coming home. Oddly, the thought settled naturally and without so much as a quiver into Isla’s consciousness. She’d never been here before, but it felt like she’d been exactly here forever. Being here beside J.T. was comfortable and as timeless as anything Isla had ever experienced. 
When J.T. pulled the sleigh to a stop and the others disembarked one by one, Isla made no move to climb down. Instead, she pivoted around until she was looking into J.T.’s face. He said nothing, merely returned the look, steady and aware. 
Stripping her gloves off, Isla reached up and lay both of her hands on his cheeks. Taking J.T.’s face in both her hands, she breathed out a peaceful, happy puff of breath. The steam of it slipped between them before she leaned over and kissed his lips. 
The kiss was gentle, a savouring of the taste and textures of one another, a thank you for a lovely evening, a whisper that more was in store. The glide of lips over lips continued when J.T. pulled her into his lap. Sitting in front of the porch steps, he kissed her until her vision started to haze over, then he kissed her some more. 
Without lifting his lips, J.T. lifted the reins, and the team started to walk. Isla’s arms wrapped around his neck, holding on as J.T. changed the angle of the kiss. Her eyes drifted closed even as he kept one eye open, directing the team. When she finally came up for air, she didn’t move away, just stayed on his lap cuddled in, burying her chilled nose into the warmth of his neck. 
He didn’t speak as he pulled the team up at the back entrance to the barn, when he pulled her in closer, though, crushing her to him, his hug said as much to Isla as any words. Pulling back slightly, she again lay her hands on his face. Her eyes met his, and the things she saw there had a lump of emotion forming at the back of her throat. What she saw there didn’t feel like Christmas carols and winter vacation. Looking into J.T.’s serious, dark eyes felt like tomorrow, like forever, like she might never be the same. 
“We should stable the horses.” She smiled at him, let her hand trail down his chest as she pulled away. “You can teach me how to remove a harness.”
J.T. didn’t move immediately. He kept his gaze level with hers, letting her see whatever it was she was looking for, letting her see what she made him feel.
“I could do that,” he said, finally. Gathering the reins into one hand, he jumped down from the sleigh, then turned around and held out a hand to help her step down. Looking up at her as she stood above him in the sled and put her hand in his, J.T. felt a sudden clog in his throat. This -- whatever it was -- didn’t feel like a short-term thing. 
A dangerous way to think. 
Still, he curled his hand around hers and didn’t let go as they led the team over to the cart shed. They pushed open the doors together, then Isla stepped back and watched as J.T. turned the team then backed them into the shed. When they had the sled backed in where he wanted it, she joined him beside the geldings and watched as he unhitched the sleigh.
Glancing at her, J.T. started to explain the process of what he was doing.
“These here,” J.T. said, pointing at a strip of buckled leather binding, “Are called shaft tugs.”
“That’s what holds the sleigh onto the harness?”
“That’s right. It holds the shafts in place. We undo these first, then we can detach from the sleigh itself. That’s priority one.”
“You’re not even holding them. Aren’t you afraid the horses will bolt on you?”
J.T. smiled. “No, they’re trained to stand without being tied.” He glanced over at Isla. ”I trained, Boots here myself.”
“You seem very confident that your training will stick.”
At that, J.T. simply grinned. “Do you want to unbuckle this one?”
Isla walked over eagerly, her fingers going to the straps eagerly. J.T. stood behind her, close enough that she could have leaned back and been pressed up against him. When he spoke near her ear, she shivered, which was ridiculous considering all he was doing was giving her instructions. 
“Once that buckle is undone the shafts will want to drop. You need to keep a grip on them or risk having them hit the horses on their way down.”
“Like this?”
The way Isla’s gloved fingers wrapped around the shaft of the sleigh seemed almost flirtatious. Certainly suggestive. When J.T. leaned over and covered her hand with his, he heard her quick inhale, and the sound went straight through him.
“Yeah, just like this.” He blew out a huff of amused air when he saw how she was struggling one-handed with the buckle.
“It’s stiff,” she said.
“You have no idea,” J.T. murmured into her ear, and Isla’s fingers froze as heat spiralled through her. “There,” she said with satisfaction when the buckle finally gave. “Now what?”
“We lower the shafts to the ground nice and careful, and we lead these big boys forward. It’s better if they can step away from the sleigh rather than having us pull it away from them. There’s just a lot less chance of injury that way.”
“Step forward, don’t pull away,” Isla said. She turned around, looked up at him with eyes soft and breathing shallow. “Got it.”
He looked down at her, not even an arms length away, and he wanted nothing more than to back her into Boot’s flank and ravage those lips that so often quirked up as if their owner was laughing. Instead, he stood exactly where he was, did nothing more than lift his hand, curl a strand of her silky hair around his finger. 
Her pulse was racing. J.T. could see it fluttering where the collar of her jacket opened to expose her neck. The desire to kiss her only grew stronger, then Isla’s glance dropped to his lips and her tongue darted out to moisten her lips.
“Now what?” she asked, her voice soft.
“Uh…” He forced himself to think of something other than how soft her lips were when they parted under his own. “Now…”
“J.T.”
Her whisper was so soft he almost couldn’t hear her, but he saw her sway forward and into him. He liked the way her hand went to his chest and rested there. It would have been easy to cup her neck with his palm, to press her forward even more, to slide his tongue into the heat of her mouth. When Marshall stamped his foot, it was as if a spell snapped.
“Horses first,” J.T. said, his voice deep and husky. He took a step back and was immediately all business. “We’ll unsnap the reins next. They slip through the heart rings here,” his fingers moved quickly over the leather, “I’ll undo the check strap, then you can remove their bridles if you’d like.”
“Sure.” She tilted her chin as she watched him. The man was focused now, and she almost wondered if she’d imagined the earlier heat that had flared between them. She knew she hadn’t, though. As J.T. reached up and undid a strap which, on a saddle horse, would have buckled under the horse’s throat but on the Clydes seemed to be threaded through a kind of D-ring attached to the main collar of the harness, Isla began to consider how she would get his hands on her next. 
He talked her through removing britchens and back straps, then finally the collar itself. When he lifted the collar over the horse’s ears, Isla made an impressed sound. 
“There’s no way I could do that.”
“No,” he grinned at her, “Most people can’t. You would undo the collar and take it off their neck instead. This just works better for us, doesn’t it fellas?” He ran a hand down Boots’ neck, smacked the horse’s shoulder, and smiled when Boots blew out of his nostrils in response. When J.T. glanced over at Isla, the look on her face was speculative. His grin turned wicked.
“You’re thinking how turned on you are right now.”
“No.” Yes. But she’d been in that state around him from the first moment he’d walked into the kitchen and busted her stealing stew. “You’re a very large man.”
He looked over at her, his expression sizzling. “You want me,” he said. “Bad.”
“Oh, that.” Isla rolled her eyes at him. Contemplated and rejected the lie that sprang to mind. “Well you keep sticking your tongue down my throat. It scrambles my brain.”
He grinned again. “Good to know. And Isla, just so you know, I plan to do it again. And soon.” Then he pointed to the wall behind her, apparently not caring that his words had just stolen the breath from her lungs as a flood of desire blocked up all her pipes. “Grab me those halters, would you?”
He was all business by the time she handed him one of the halters, then took the other over to where Boots waited patiently. It was a struggle, but she managed to get the halter strapped onto the giant horse. When he rubbed his forehead against her arm and sent her flying across the room, Isla laughed, then followed J.T. and his horse into the stable with her hand holding lightly to Boots’ halter.
“You haven’t asked me why Clydesdales.”
Isla glanced at him, then looked behind him into Boot’s stall. They had the horses walked out and dry, then groomed and settled into their stalls.
 “I try not to ask questions when I already know the answer.”
“And you think you know this answer?”
“I know I do,” Isla said, then unzipped her coat and lay it across the door of an empty stall. “Would you like me to ask you, anyway?”
“Maybe.” He looked at her suspiciously. “Or you could tell me your theory.”
“Well, they’re bloody brilliant animals, aren’t they?”
That was true. J.T. wasn’t paying too much attention to the conversation any longer, though. Isla had slipped the sweater she was wearing over her head and laid it on top of her discarded jacket. The plaid western shirt she wore underneath the sweater had silver snaps that buttoned up the front. As J.T. watched, Isla’s fingers went to the cuff of a sleeve and unsnapped the button holding the cuff closed. Thoughts of horses went right out of J.T.’s head at the sound of that button popping open.
“What are you doing?”
“Seducing you,” Isla said, stepping toward him slowly. “Although, if you can’t tell, I must not be doing it right. Perhaps I’m rustier than I realized.”
J.T. grunted. “You’re fine. No rust that I can see.”
Isla smiled at his response. “Oh? And what do you see?”
“I see a problem.” He wrapped his hands around her elbows, and for a moment, Isla thought he meant to push her away. Instead, he simply held her in place, watching her with a look of such intensity it made breathing difficult. “A very beautiful, very tempting problem.”
His words were harsh in a way that revealed the tension he was feeling inside. Confidence rushed into her so that she kept her eyes locked on his.
“Is that really what you see? What would you like to see?” As she asked, her fingers went to the top snap of her shirt and tugged at it until it popped open. Her fingers slid down to the next snap. “Tell me, J.T. What do you want to see?”
“More.” He grunted when this button popped open, too, and the first hint of gently rounded flesh peeked out at him. “More,” he said again, his eyes dark, unblinking. When she didn’t oblige him but instead trailed a finger over the patch of exposed breast, his eyes, glittering, lifted to hers. 
“Games, Isla? Fine.” His hands covered hers on the fabric of her blouse. With one quick jerk, he tore the fabric open. Buttons flew, and the sound of the fabric ripping was loud between them. “You win,” he grunted. “I want more. I want all. Now.” 
“Me too,” Isla said, “Now, J.T.” She stripped out of the ruined shirt, felt excitement quicken inside her when the muscle in his jaw clenched.
“Bra.”
The rough edge of his demand stoked her, and she reached around and unclasped the bra, letting the peach silk slip out of her hands to land in a pile of hay on the floor.
“Touch me, J.T.” Her fingers worked the button fly of her jeans. “Take me.”
Oh, he’d touch her, alright. He’d take her. 
He yanked the denim of her jeans down over her hips, slowed a fraction of a second to appreciate the triangle of peach silk he’d exposed.
“Beautiful. Shouldn’t be in the barn.” But that was exactly where it was going to be. He couldn’t wait. Wouldn’t wait. Her jeans slid down without any more assistance from either of them to pool around her ankles. When she would have stepped out of them, though, he shook his head. And covered the mound of silk with the palm of his hand.
His other hand covered her breast. He kneaded, then plucked, squeezed her until she plumped up in his hand and he made appreciative noises deep in his throat. She moved restlessly, loving every one of the sensations he was stirring, and when she did, his palm shifted lower on the silk of her panties.
“Oh.” She shifted against his hand again. “I like that.”
“I know you do.”
But the fingers of that hand didn’t move. Instead, he stayed focused on her nipple, switching to the other breast, making her suck in a breath and let it out in a long, quivering exhale. Fire had started to burn between her legs. She wanted his touch. She needed his fingers to stroke her, to stoke the fire. She could help. She lifted a leg, tried again to shake her foot free of the denim trap.
“No,” J.T. said. “You started this, I’m going to finish it. And I’m going to finish it my way.” Then he lowered his mouth to her breast, and hot, wet urgency screamed through her nerve endings. “Shush,” J.T. said, his mouth still full of her, and she realized she’d cried out. “You’ll startle the horses.”
Like she cared. Her neck fell back, giving him complete access, her hips pumped against his frustratingly still palm.
“Please, J.T.”
He smiled then, satisfied to hear her beg, and his fingers slid past the silk barrier. His mouth covered hers, swallowed her cries as his fingers explored, as he moved them in and out of her in a steady, demanding rhythm, and her body went wild, jerking desperately against him.
“Now,” he said, and sliding his hand down her leg to where hamstring met the back of her knee, he lifted her. When she had shaken her ankle free of her jeans, he dropped onto his knees in front of her, draped her leg around his neck and across his back as he buried his face in her core. And his lips and his tongue finished what his fingers had started.
Her muscles tightened into a quivering mass. His fingers were deep inside her when, with one last flick of his tongue, she shattered, clenching and pulsing around him. His growl of pleasure mingled with her cry of triumph even as her body went completely limp against his.
“Round one,” he said, still on his knees on the barn floor.
“I’m definitely the winner of round one,” Isla said, shifting so both her feet were on the floor.
“Good,” J.T. said. Standing, he unzipped his fly and shoved down his pants to reveal the biggest erection Isla had ever seen, “Time for round two.” 
He didn’t wait for approval, just slipped his hands around her rib cage and lifted her effortlessly into the air.
He definitely had her approval. Isla clamped her arms around his neck, then locked her legs around his back as he slowly lowered her onto the tip of his erection.
“I want inside you,” J.T. said, continuing to lower her onto him, the concentration on his face intense. “Tell me if I’m too big.”
“Not too big,” she said, then gasped.
 He froze, let her adjust. She could feel her body stretching for him, accepting him and oh, it felt good. Like nothing, and no one ever before.
“More,” Isla said, then moaned. She was beyond the ability to speak in full sentences. “All. Now. In.” Then she took his lower lip in her teeth and bit. She didn’t draw blood, but the brief pain was enough to startle him so that he dropped her down all the way, until the fullness of his shaft was inside her.
“Okay?” 
Even through the intense passion she was feeling, Isla heard the concern in his voice, and it touched a whole other thing inside her. A softer thing, a far deeper thing. 
“So okay,” she said, voice trembling slightly. Then, a gasp of pleasure escaped as he pulled back slightly, and even that slight movement had her body quivering. Her hips rocked forward to claim him again, and this time, he was the one who groaned. The sound sent a surge of raw lust soaring through her, and Isla reached down between them, rubbed her fingers over the spot where his body pierced hers. When he pushed fully into her again, her fingers stroked him, and she felt the muscles in his shoulders and back ripple. 
Groaning, he sank with her onto the hay bale outside Deacon’s stall. His bare ass barely felt the prickle of the stalks digging into his skin as he grabbed her hips and anchored her in place while he thrust.
The noises she was making encouraged him and he increased his pace. Her breasts started bouncing, and he reached up, grabbed one in one of his giant hands. He had rough, working man’s hands, but she seemed to like what he was doing. She arched into him, her hips moving in pace with his, her cries becoming stronger, more desperate. Like his own. 
“So wet,” he said, his voice harsh with satisfaction.
“For y…” She started to say you but the word trailed off into a long, desperate cry, like a record player stuck on a single note. Because J.T. was done holding back, and his quick, full thrusts had her quivering, shaking, had every bit of her standing up, reaching out to grasp the climax she could feel barreling into her like a freight train. And then the train hit, bam, and it was like she shattered into a million tiny parts. Helpless, she jerked and shuddered and spasmed against his body, his deeply resonant cries of completion mingling with her own. And there, with her still naked on his lap inside the barn, J.T. dropped his forehead against her own, heedless of the sweat sliding between their bodies. She clung to him as little tremors, like aftershocks, continued to ricochet around her system, and her heart rate gradually started to slow. 
“Fuck me,” J.T. groaned, and looked into Isla’s face in a disturbed kind of awe.
“Quite,” she agreed, and felt him jerk inside her again.
“That was…”
“The best I’ve ever had,” Isla supplied, and saw the quick look of satisfaction her words gave him.  
“Same,” he said, then lowered his forehead to hers and said again, “Fuck me.”
She smiled at him, and there was so much in the look. Then she pushed her palms off her chest, started to rise from his lap. 
His arm went around her waist, tightened immediately. “Where are you going?”
She pushed against him again and when he released her, she stood, unabashedly naked in front of him. Reaching out, she took his hand in hers then tugged him up from the bale. He was still almost fully clothed, and now he yanked up the jeans that hung at his knees. She bent over, grabbed her discarded clothing from the scattered places where they had fallen. She stepped a leg into her jeans, then pulled the tattered edges of her blouse around her before turning to face him.
“If we’re this good in a barn,” Isla said, and held her hand out to him, “Imagine what we might accomplish in a bed.”
He grunted, then tucked her hand into his. “We’ll likely burn the place down.”
Isla’s laugh was delighted.
“That’s a risk I’m willing and ready to take.”
“Ready?” His eyes zeroed in on her intently. “Really?”
“Take me to your bed, cowboy. I’m not nearly finished with you yet.”



Chapter Twelve

 

Morning hadn’t broken yet when J.T. woke with Isla’s rump pressed into his centre, his arm wrapped around hers. He shifted slightly, spooning his body more completely around hers, and let himself enjoy the feel of her breathing beside him. 
It had been a long time since he’d woken to a woman in his bed. Years of his life had been spent on the road, travelling from one small town to another. It had taken him far too long to realize that the women he’d taken to bed on the road had merely been interested in the fantasy of sleeping with a cowboy. They’d neither understood nor been interested in him.
Those nights had certainly never been about love. After all, he hadn’t particularly been looking for love or any kind of future. Love, as far as J.T. had observed, was a rodeo cowboy’s Achilles heel. Then he’d quit. And he’d been watching Rye and Shawnee together for two years now. 
There was no denying that Shawnee made his brother’s life better. More accurately, she’d become his brother’s life. J.T. wasn’t blind to how happy Shawnee and Rye were together. Until waking up with the Brit in his arms, he hadn’t realized how much he wanted what his brother had found. Lying with Isla sheltered beside him, his body cocooning hers, J.T. felt a deep, soul-filling peace. 
Once with this woman was never going to be enough.
He knew it with startling clarity, with absolute certainty. Worry gnawed into his mind at the thought of her leaving in a week. Before, it had always been him doing the leaving, and he suspected it wasn’t going to be as easy experiencing that the other way around.
J.T.’s first realization that Isla was awake happened when he started to edge away, and her fingers clamped around his forearm, pulling his arm back around her.
“Don’t freak out, cowboy,” she murmured with sleep still thick in her voice. “You’re warm. I’m not ready for you to leave as yet.”
She punctuated her statement by pressing her backside into him and rubbing herself against him slowly. When she guided his hand to her breast, he cupped her. His thumb brushed across her nipple and she gasped. 
His breath was hot against her skin when he kissed her neck, then murmured, “I’m getting a lot warmer, suddenly.” 
She believed him. The evidence was pressing into her hip, after all. She smiled, then arched up against him and cried out when he plucked her nipple, rubbed it between his thumb and finger. Her body still felt sensitive from the night before. It wasn’t going to take much effort on his part to have her fully satisfied this morning. It was only fair, Isla thought as she reached around behind her and wrapped her fingers around him, that she do the same for him. 
He responded to her touch immediately, jumping in her hand when she stroked him. 
J.T. groaned, and the sound left her feeling smug. She was startled to realize she liked the feeling of being in control. She liked the powerful feeling of bringing a big strong cowboy to his knees. 
He was kissing her neck, enjoying the sexy way Isla was panting and moving underneath him. Her hips were restless, seeking contact. J.T. was fairly sure Isla didn’t even realize she was rocking herself against him. It was making it hard for him to pick a slow pace, hard to control his need to ignore foreplay and plunge inside to find his release. She didn’t make it any easier when her fingers cupped around his balls just as her ass slid against his erection. 
“Isla,” he moaned, desperate. The woman was killing him. “I can’t, I can’t…”
He flipped her onto her back, grabbed her leg and almost roughly wrapped it around his back. “I can’t wait.”
“Who’s asking you to?” she managed to demand and wrapped her other thigh around his back.
It wasn’t slow this time, not a gentle, careful glide down his length as her body swallowed the width of him. No, this was one single, forceful thrust. And it made her body hum.
“More,” Isla demanded, her voice panting even as her body arched up to meet his next thrust. Her eyes held his as the tremors started to take over.
 He gave her what she wanted, took what his system demanded, and watched when the orgasm ripped through her, closed his eyes when her body clenched around him, bringing him with one last thrust to his own explosion. When she started to cry out, he covered her lips with his own and swallowed her cries, and his own.
Still buried inside her, J.T. rolled onto his back, brought her with him so she was stretched out on top of him. His calloused palm stroked down the moist skin of her back, rested at her hip. He looked at her, saw the contentment he was feeling mirrored back at him in Isla’s eyes. When she tried to sit, to push her palms against the rock-hard muscles of his chest, J.T. shook his head, tightened his embrace.
“Not yet.”
She smiled, and J.T. felt the way her lips lifted. Then she pressed those lips to the fur at the centre of his chest and pushed herself up again. 
“We have guests. I have to feed them. You have to feed the horses.” 
As far as J.T. was concerned, the guests could fend for themselves. Isla was naked, sitting on top of him, apparently unaware of the amazing picture she made with her breasts bare, her stomach flat, her legs straddling him in the best possible way as her hair spilled messily over her shoulders. 
“I’m never going to forget the way you look right now,” he said. Reaching up, his finger stroked down her jawline with infinite tenderness, then tugged on her hair before falling at his side on the bed.
 “No,” she said finally, “I’ll never forget, either.” Isla just looked at him for a long moment, her eyes serious and searching. “This thing here, it doesn’t feel like a fling kind of thing.”
“No,” J.T. agreed. He pushed himself up onto his elbows. He leaned in, brushed his lips over hers, met her gaze. “It doesn’t.” 
“Okay then.” Isla nodded and climbed off him. He made no effort to cover himself, and she made no secret of appreciating the way his body looked unwrapped. Then she sighed, and he grinned.
“We’re not done here, Isla.”
Pulling on her clothes, Isla glanced at him, but she kept her thoughts to herself on that one. Then she blew him a kiss, and she walked out of the room. 
At the door, she couldn’t resist turning back to look at him, but he’d turned his head sideways. An odd expression crossed his face, and he picked up his phone and squinted at the screen.
“J.T.?”
Turning the screen around, he held up the phone for her to see. Isla’s hand lifted to her chest and a smile split her face. 
“Oh, that’s lovely. You’re an uncle.” Crossing his feet at the ankles, J.T. turned the phone back in his own direction, and Isla smiled tenderly at the look on his face. “And you’re crying.”
She crossed over to where J.T. was still naked in the bed, then bent over and kissed him. “Congratulations, Uncle J.T.” Straightening, she waved her finger at him and added, “One day, you are going to tell me what that stands for.”
He grabbed her wrist when she started to back away. “Jeremy,” he said, “Jeremy Tyler Cooper, at your service. And I was not crying.” He linked his fingers with hers, then turned his gaze back on the picture of the infant in Shawnee’s arms. “But she’s a cute little peanut, isn’t she?”
Smiling, feeling a rush of tenderness, Isla let herself sit down on the bed beside him then reach again for the phone. The baby had dark hair all over her head and big red blotches all over her scrunched up, slit-eyed little face.
“She’s adorable,” Isla said, “And so are you, cowboy.”
“If you’re going to mock me, the least you could do is come back to bed and let me hold you while you do it.”
“The guests…”
“Will wait.” He looked at her, his eyes level on hers, and saw the permission in her eyes. Grabbing her waist, J.T. pulled her down beside him, laughing with her when she shrieked. He spooned himself around her, then held the phone out in front of them both and tucked his chin into the crook of her neck. “Thanks for sharing this with me.”
Incredibly touched, Isla reached behind her and lay her hand on his cheek. Her voice was little more than a whisper when he pulled the blanket over them, and she snuggled herself in beside him. “You’re welcome.”
She lasted fifteen minutes before the warm cocoon he’d created had her drifting back to sleep. J.T.’s eyes moved from the picture of the baby to the woman lying in his arms. Tenderly, heart full, he pressed his lips against her temple. Then he closed his own eyes and joined Isla in sleep.



Chapter Thirteen
 


“Mellie’s going to be a right pain about this.” 
Isla stood at the kitchen sink and mumbled to herself. Her sister was the queen of I-told-you-so. If Mellie ever learned about J.T., she would lord it over Isla until the end of time. 
An image of J.T. naked flashed into Isla’s brain, and she decided there was nothing her sister could possibly say that would make her regret having a tawdry holiday affair with the studly cowboy. In fact, she probably owed Mellie a bigger Christmas gift.
That is, if it was indeed a tawdry affair she was having. Isla was just a touch afraid this wasn’t that. She was a touch afraid these were real feelings she had. For Jeremy. A right proper British name.
“Bollocks.”
“What’s that?”
She yelped, startled, and dropped the potato peeler she was holding into the sink. It landed with a clatter, and Isla spun around to see Wronski standing in the doorway. He was looking at her curiously.
“Do you work here?”
Isla laughed at his incredulous tone. Without responding, she turned back to the sink and plucked her potato peeler from the basin.
“No, I don’t mean any offense. I just thought you were a guest like the rest of us. If I’d known you were the big guy’s girl, I would have behaved differently.” 
She doubted that. She’d seen the way he’d ogled Penny. And her husband had been right beside her.
She also had no intention of satisfying this man’s curiosity about her personal life. Or J.T.’s. Still, if she was helping out, Isla supposed a certain standard of hospitality needed to be maintained. Although she’d far rather Wronski went away, she pointed to the counter.
“There’s coffee.”
She didn’t want to overthink this thing between herself and the big guy, as Wronski called him. She wasn’t J.T.’s girl, she knew that. What she didn’t know was how to handle the pang that hit her at the thought. 
This was just vacation sex. Just enjoying each other while she was here. She couldn’t fall for the guy. Even if he was a surprisingly big softie who teared up over a baby picture. What they had here was a good-time-not-long-time moment. And it had an end date. Now that the baby was born, Juniper Hills’ hosts would be home, and she would go back to her proper status as a guest. It was odd, but the thought felt like a demotion somehow.
“You are a writer,” Isla reminded herself. With a home she would soon return to and a life she would continue. No matter how right it had felt being held in J.T.’s arms through the night, no matter how much fun she was having with this unexpected foray into meal planning and prep, she had to always remember, her time at the ranch was temporary. 
“You always talk to yourself like that?”
Isla blinked, then laughed. “Sorry. I was thinking.”
“Out loud.” 
She smiled. “I guess I was.” When she looked at Wronski, saw the look on his face, she burst out laughing. “Don’t worry, I’m quite sane.”
“If you say so.”
The doubt in his voice had her laughing harder, until she was clutching her stomach and wiping tears from her cheeks. 
“Well, come on.” Wronski’s tone was explosive. “I find you here cooking the food I’m expected to eat, and now I can’t help but wonder if you’ve drunk too much of the Kool Aid.”
Still smiling broadly, Isla made an effort to pull herself together. “I’m a writer,” she said, “I often speak out loud when I’m writing. You hear the language differently when you do. I guess the habit’s spilled over. But hey,” she grinned at him, “If you’re afraid I’m going to Jim Jones you, do feel free to pop yourself some toast.” 
“Actually,” Wronski gave the chopped and seasoned potatoes she was laying on a baking tray a suspicious glance, “I’ll just take the coffee. Really all I want is to check out. Would that be you I need? Who is in charge here?”
“You’re leaving? Already?”
“I was only ever going to be here for the one night.”
“Okay.” Isla handed him the mug of coffee she’d poured. “Well, you need J.T. for check out. But can I ask you something? What brought you here? I hope you won’t think me a right prat if I say, you don’t exactly appear the type who vacations in the country.” 
At this, Wronski snorted. “It was recommended. By my doctor, if you must know. Apparently, he felt the country pace would be good for me. I told him I’d give it a day.:
 “Seems you don’t feel you got whatever you were needing? Not if you are leaving so soon.”
“Well, like you said -- I’m not a country guy. I like the city lights and the night life and a scene that moves faster than the speed of a cow crossing.”
Isla laughed at that. “Fair enough. Maybe the country just isn’t everyone’s cup of tea.” She shrugged. “You did seem to enjoy the sleigh last night, though.”
He looked at her a moment before answering. “It was cold.” He paused for so long that Isla thought he was done, but with a grudging nod, he continued, “It was a new experience. I like those.”
“Have you ever ridden a horse?” Isla asked. “I think even more than the sleigh, that’s what this retreat is about. It seems a shame for you to leave before having that experience.”
“I…”
Whatever Wronski had meant to say was silenced when J.T. walked into the room. Ignoring Wronski, he stepped over to the stove and sniffed, then wrapped his arms around Isla from behind and rocked her up against him.
“Smells good in here.” He dipped his neck and kissed the spot behind Isla’s ear where her hair was tucked. “Morning,” he said, acknowledging Wronski as he released Isla and poured himself a coffee. Lifting the mug to his lips, he toasted Isla. “Horses are fed.”.
“We were just talking about the horses. I was suggesting Mr. Wronski stay another day so he could take in a ride.”
“Oh yeah?” J.T.’s gaze slid from Isla to Wronski. “You want to ride?”
The man hesitated, then shrugged. “Well, I was planning to leave. But… I don’t know. I’ve never tried it before.”
J.T. nodded. “Well, we have the space. If you decide you want the room another night, we can accommodate you. And if you do want to learn to ride, we can make that happen, too.”
“Oh, stay,” Isla said. “I’ll be going down for a hack later, anyway. We can easily saddle up...,” she turned and glanced at J.T., “Who do you think would be a good fit?”
“Maybe King.” He assessed Wronski’s height and weight. “Maybe Stormy.”
“Stormy’s that grullo, right?” Isla gave Wronski the same assessing look J.T. had, then nodded. “That could work.”
“Stormy. Sounds ominous. I think for now I’ll just take my coffee to the other room.” He didn’t make any move to leave, and when he spoke again, his words came out in a rush. “But I’ll think about it.”
With a nod to Isla, he left the room. When they were alone, J.T. turned to face Isla and grinned.
“Look at you.” He smiled more fully at her, then set his coffee down and boxed her in against the counter with his arms. “Making breakfast and drumming up business for us. Are you looking for a permanent job?”
Isla’s hands went to J.T.’s biceps, then slid up his arms and over his shoulders to link behind his neck. “And if I were, cowboy?”
“It could be arranged. I might be willing to put in a good word with the boss.”
Her lips twitched up, but a small sigh escaped. Going up on her tiptoes, she pressed her lips to his, savouring the kiss. “Sadly, I already have a job,” she whispered, and turned away from him to flip the french toast slices she had browning on the griddle. 
“About that.” J.T. stepped back from her, gave her a little space to work. “Where is your magazine based, exactly? And hypothetically, suppose you didn’t leave here exactly when you thought you might -- would that be such a bad thing?”
Isla turned to face J.T. slowly. Her heart was pounding, its rhythm running wild and out of control. She couldn’t tell if that was from panic, or hope. When she looked at him, the expression on his face was deliberately casual. 
He leaned against the counter with ankles crossed and with arms resting over his chest. The way he stood drew her eyes to his biceps a moment. They were straining against the hem of the t-shirt he wore. When her eyes lifted to meet his, his were entirely serious, making his casual posture a lie. Isla’s heart shimmied its way right into her throat.
“J.T., we’ve had one night.”
“I know that. I’m not asking you to marry me.” When she frowned slightly, he turned away. “Never mind.”
“J.T., wait.” She reached out, grabbed his hand in hers. “Ask me. Whatever you are trying to ask. I want to know. What do you want?”
He didn’t even hesitate. He’d spent the past hour asking himself the exact same question, and he knew his answer.
“I want more. More nights like last night, more mornings like this one. I want you to stay longer if you can.” He twisted his hand so that he could link their fingers. His other hand went to her cheek, touched her gently. “I know you’ve got work to do. Just… do it from here.”
“J.T.”
He looked down at her, saw the protest start to form on her lips and decided his best option was just to cover those lips with his own. So, he did. He kissed her, softly at first, then letting things heat up until he knew she would feel all the things he was feeling. Her lashes fluttered closed, and her lips parted, her breath grew shallow even as her fingers curled into the fabric of his t-shirt. When he pulled back, her cheeks were flushed, her eyes dazed.
“There’s something here, Isla. More than just another fling. If you don’t feel it too, then…,” he shrugged, “But I think you do. I think we owe ourselves time -- and not just a week while you’re on vacation. Which you are lousy at, by the way. So, just think about it.”  
“Think about staying.”
“Yeah. Rye and Shawnee will be back tomorrow. They’ll take things over here. And you can move your stuff into my place.”
“Your place.”
Repeating everything he said made her sound as gobsmacked as she felt, Isla knew. And maybe she really was barmy. Because, she was considering his proposal.
“How’s your wifi?”
“No better, no worse.” His gaze sharpened. “Does that mean you’ll stay?”
Isla looked around the room, thinking quickly. 
“Well, I do like seeing you starkers.” She looked back at him, grinned in a way that was meant to be flirtatious but showed just how nervous the conversation made her feel. “It means… I’ll think about it.”
It wasn’t the answer he wanted, but, J.T. admitted, it was more than he’d expected. He watched her eyes go wary as he stepped nearer, but all he did was reach behind her and snag a piece of the french toast from the griddle, then fold it, pinching it together before popping the end into his mouth. 
“Hey,” Isla protested, smacking his other hand when he reached out for a second piece. 
“Mmm, good.” He grinned, swallowed what he was chewing. “I’ll be down at the barn if you need me. And Isla? Think fast.” 
And, he thought but didn’t say, make the right choice.



Chapter Fourteen

 

She was avoiding him. Cowardly, but true.
From the time J.T. had left her alone in the kitchen, Isla’s mind had been spinning, and it showed no interest in slowing down anytime soon. She’d gone from kitchen cleanup to the computer in her room and had stayed there ever since. 
Now, five hours later, the snow was falling again, whispering outside her window. Isla stood in front of the glass and hugged her arms around herself. Watching the snow drift, she admitted to herself that she was fighting a fairly dramatic case of cabin fever. 
She needed to get out. She was just afraid to go.
 Bumping into J.T. when she still had no answer for him was not on Isla’s to do list for the day. On the other hand, she wasn’t getting much done in here. With an irritated snort, she flipped the laptop closed and reached for the scarf she’d left on top of her bedspread. Wrapping the scarf around her neck, Isla next bent over to lace up her boots. She grabbed her jacket from the hanger and was still shrugging into it when her door shut behind her. 
It felt a bit childish, but Isla looked both directions down the hall before moving. When J.T. was nowhere to be seen, she slipped through the silent lodge toward the front door.
Isla passed the hearth of the stone fireplace, and the warmth reached out to her strongly enough that she hesitated. The fire was crackling away. The thick rounds of aspen the fire was licking seemed freshly laid, which meant J.T. had recently been here. Isla glanced around, looking for him, but the room was empty. She was alone. It surprised her to realize she felt disappointed. Suddenly, instead of wanting to avoid J.T., Isla felt determined to find him.
She replayed the conversation from the morning in her mind as she trudged through the parking lot. A corner of her mind noted that the lot had been plowed and cleared. She was walking on bare ground. 
You could track the man’s movements for the day by the tasks which had been accomplished, Isla thought. She sighed, grudgingly impressed. He was single-handedly keeping the lodge running while his family was away. He was doing it well, doing it without complaint. The man was ridiculously hard-working, which was so sexy. No matter what Isla decided to do about his invitation, that much was clear. 
The rest of her mind felt completely muddled. As she wandered, alone with the snowflakes, Isla wrestled with the question of what she might say to J.T. the next time she saw him. When she walked underneath the branches of the pine trees, she tried to honestly work her way through what he’d asked of her. She tried to decide what she even wanted. And then suddenly, for no apparent reason, clarity was just there. 
Isla smiled, then lifted her palm and felt the snowflakes land and start to melt in her palm. Laughing, she tilted her head up, stuck her tongue out. When the flakes landed on her tongue, she lifted her arms and slowly twirled around. And then she increased her speed and headed towards the barn.


It felt good to spend a little time in his own living room. Not that he had complaints, but the late night he’d shared with Isla had started to hit. He was dragging.
He poured a coffee that he’d made in his own coffeemaker into his own mug and doctored it with his own milk. It felt damn good to be here, alone, in his own space. Instead of sitting and relaxing, though, J.T. found himself wandering his rooms, trying to analyze his home. How would the place strike Isla? 
He was a practical, no-fuss kind of guy. He liked things comfortable and quiet and had filled the place with big, overstuffed sofas and overflowing bookshelves. He’d picked the stones for the fireplace himself -- found them down at the creek and forged them and hauled them one by one before setting them in place.
He wasn’t messy and he wasn’t overly tidy, either. There were stud books lying on the kitchen table where he’d been researching, but the dishes were cleaned and stacked in the counter rack, waiting to be re-shelved.
It was a man’s home. Definitely inhabited by a bachelor. He had the mandatory big screen tv, although the truth was that he rarely watched anything more than sports or the news, and the colours he’d chosen were dark, solids of navy blues and forest greens. The place was functional, and for J.T. it was home, but he supposed it could use a woman’s touch. It could use flowers on the counter and annoying throw cushions on the sofa. He looked around and realized he wanted that. And he hoped, no matter how briefly they’d known each other, that Isla would be the woman who shared this space and make it even more of a home.    
It was here that he could be himself. And he wanted to share that with Isla, too.
The idea must have seemed insane to her, but it hadn’t just spilled out of his lips without thought. He’d always been a man who made decisions quickly, and for him, this was no different. Somewhere between watching her shovel shit in the barn and hearing her call his name in the middle of the night, J.T. had known. The woman was a keeper. For him, she just might be the rest of his life.
He stood in front of his window and watched the snow fall as he drained the last of his coffee. Soon he’d have to go back up to the lodge. The family with the barfy baby had given up, decided to head for home, so J.T. needed to get up there and help them settle up. He already planned to thoroughly sanitize the room once they were gone -- bleach all the surfaces, wash all towels and bedding, vacuum the stink out of every crevice. The last thing he needed was for Shawnee and Rye to bring their new daughter home to a germ-filled home. 
 Pete and Penny had checked out earlier explaining that they were on to warmer, more exotic honeymoon destinations. They’d raved about the time they’d spent here, though, so he could report that stay as a success -- even if privately he still had reservations about Penny’s choice of husband.
Of yesterday’s three check ins, only Wronski remained unsure of his plans. J.T. had to smile over that one. When Isla had decided to come to Juniper Hills for a working vacation, he didn’t think prepping meals and talking guests into extending their stays had been what she’d had in mind. Yet that was exactly what she’d done. She even seemed like she was having fun.
J.T. knew Isla had her own dream. Running an equestrian facility wasn’t it. For that matter, running the equestrian facility wasn’t his dream either. That was all Shawnee and Rye. His own dream was to build the Clydesdale bloodline with the stock he’d purchased until he was known as one of the Canadian breeders of the animals. The breed was on the endangered list ever since technology had taken over at farms. Now heavy horses were largely considered unnecessary -- nothing more than a hobby for enthusiasts. They could also eat a farmer right out of house and home.
All that might be true, but J.T. still thought it would be a travesty for the breed to cease to exist. It was an eventuality he hoped to reverse. Which meant he needed a place to house them. Plus, he had to admit, the sleigh rides his horses gave -- and wagon hayrides in summer -- were a hit with the tourists. So, if he had to step into the lodge every now and then, so be it. Family stepped up when needed. 
The idea of breeding Clydes had come to him sideways. He’d attended enough rodeos at country fairs that also had draft horse competitions for him to have seen them around. They struck him as gentle giants with clodhopper hooves he found amusing. Then he’d seen a pulling competition, and J.T. realized they were also phenomenal athletes. As quickly as that, he’d been hooked. 
He’d bought Marshall first. The stud had been undernourished and on his way to the knackers at an auction J.T. had only attended as a favour to Rye. They’d been looking for hacks for the farm, and instead, they’d come home with the big Clyde. Getting Marshall healthy and back into top form had cleaned out a good chunk of J.T.’s rodeo savings, but every penny had been worth the investment. Now, the stallion was J.T.’s pride and joy. The animal was all heart.
J.T. sighed. He was stalling, he knew, avoiding going back up to the lodge and taking care of business. Even though Isla was there, he couldn’t very well just pound on her door and demand she give him an answer. He was a little afraid that once the guests were gone, he was going to do exactly that. He didn’t want to pressure her -- he didn’t -- but he wanted her to stay. He knew that much. And he would do what he could to make her want to stay, too.
With that in mind, J.T. turned from the window and moved to the fireplace. Crouching in front of the hearth, he started to lay out kindling. If Wronski stayed, he’d have to spend one last night sleeping at the lodge rather than in his own bed. Either way, he was bringing Isla here just as soon as possible. When he did, he wanted to be able to show her the place at its best.
And then, as if thinking about her had conjured her, J.T. stood and caught a glimpse of something moving outside. Walking back to the window, he smiled. Isla was walking the trail he’d cleared that morning -- the trail that was already disappearing under the new snowfall. To be more accurate, Isla was spinning around in circles in the falling snow, and she looked like she was having the time of her life. 
J.T. started to grab his jacket, started to go outside after her. When she stopped her little Suzy Snowflake dance and started hurrying in the direction of the barn, though, he stopped himself. He’d meet her at the barn as soon as he was able, walk back in the snow with her later. First, though, there were Shawnee’s guests. Looking over his shoulder towards the barn, J.T. slammed his front door closed. Reluctantly, he headed in the opposite direction.



Chapter Fifteen



No one was inside the stable. That surprised Isla. Her disappointment didn’t. She’d just assumed she’d find J.T. here. Instead, no one was around except her and the horses. Not exactly a hardship to have the place to herself, she decided. She’d find J.T. soon enough. In the meantime, she might as well take advantage of the moment. 
She glanced into Birdie’s stall, noted that it was already clean. The man was a machine. How did a girl keep up with someone like that?
The second she had the thought, Isla rejected it. She worked hard, too, she knew that. So, she wouldn’t try to keep up with J.T., she’d just love him and applaud him.
She had her hand on the barn’s middle door before it hit her, and she stopped with her fingers still wrapped around the door handle.
Love him?
She barely even knew him. You couldn’t really love someone you’d only known a few days. Could you?
She didn’t know how J.T. took his coffee. She didn’t know his favourite colour, his preference in music, didn’t know his history whatsoever. She’d never even met his family, his business partners. All they shared was the present. And they hadn’t had much of that. 
Still, she knew that he worked hard, knew he loved his family, knew he preferred his horses to most people, that his dreams revolved around this farm. And she knew that underneath that ultra gruff exterior, he had a soft heart, and because of that, he stepped up when his family needed.
So, maybe she knew the important stuff, after all.
If she stayed, if she made that choice, she could learn the rest.
The idea was crazy, Isla thought as she pushed open the barn door and stepped inside J.T.’s side of the barn. Except, it felt like it just might be the smartest move she’d ever make.
Her thoughts were interrupted by the sound of something banging in one of the few box stalls on this side of the barn. The thump sounded once, and that was it. The normal sounds of any stable reached out to Isla. Most likely the noise had been nothing more significant than one of these giant animals kicking a wall restlessly. Nothing unusual about that.
Still, something about the sound bothered her. And then the noise came again. Frowning, Isla hurried down the row of stables.
Her breath escaped her lungs in a hiss the second she peered into Marshall’s stall. Her heart bottomed out into her lurching stomach. J.T.’s gorgeous stallion lay half on his back, half on his side at the back of the stall, his rear legs resting at an odd angle against the back wall of the stall. It only took a glance for Isla to know the big beauty was in trouble. He was cast, stuck up against the wall at such an angle that he couldn’t get his feet underneath him. 
The straw in his mane suggested the stallion had been rolling, scratching his back in his bedding. Now he couldn’t get back up. Isla knew horses died from getting cast. If they thrashed enough, they could easily injure their legs. If they lay in one spot long enough blood could pool in places that could be extremely serious and damaging -- even fatal.
Fortunately, Marshall seemed relatively calm. If he couldn’t get himself righted on his own, someone was going to have to go in that stall with him and give him aid. Which is when it occurred to Isla that there was one other thing she didn’t know about J.T. -- she didn’t know his phone number.
There was no time to run to the lodge to find him. Assuming he was even at the lodge. No, if anyone was going to help Marshall, it was going to have to be her. She was going to have to go into the stall with that very large, very frightened and potentially dangerous animal. And she needed to do it without herself being squashed up between a wall and the two-and-a-half-ton horse. Isla swallowed at the thought.
“Right.” She needed a plan. “Quite.”
As she stood outside the stall and tried to remember everything she’d ever heard about helping a horse who was cast, Marshall started to hunch his body in another attempt at regaining his feet. As his spine flexed, his hocks thumped against the back of the stall. This time, knowing what it meant, the noise made the hairs at the back of Isla’s neck stand on end.
“Okay, big guy,” she crooned, “Stay calm. I’m coming right back, and we’ll get you sorted. And you’ll do your best not to squash me like a bug while I do, fair?”
Marshall’s only response was to lower his head and neck wearily, which frightened Isla to no end. She had no idea how long he’d been stuck there, but she knew that even if she managed to get him up on his feet, he could still be in danger. As she raced to the tack room to search for a lunge line she could drape around his hind legs to help pull him away from the wall, she forced herself not to think about blood pooling in the animal’s legs or clots forming in his lungs. Nor did she allow herself to question how in the world she was supposed to be strong enough to pull the horse from the wall. Most of all, Isla had to block out the fact that J.T.’s prize stud could die this day. 
With a long rope wrapped around her shoulder, Isla ran back to Marshall’s stall. Sliding aside the bolt, she stepped inside. 
Marshall was sweating and the smell of his wet coat mingled with the traces of urine tainting the bedding. Doing her best to put fear aside, Isla stepped closer, and lay her hand on his wet neck. He jerked in response to her touch, and despite herself, Isla jumped backwards. 
Her heart thundered in her ears as Isla stepped near the horse a second time. She spoke out loud for her own benefit as much as to calm the horse.
“Right. Let’s see if I can’t get your head away from the wall,” she said to the horse, then to herself, “Don’t pull on his neck. Just the mane. Why is that again?” She couldn’t remember, but she knew it was true. Grabbing two huge handful of mane near the middle of Marshall’s neck, Isla strained backwards. 
“You’re a smart boy, aren’t you, gorgeous,” Isla crooned to the horse. When his ears flattened backwards, she decided to take that as a sign he was listening, not as a sign he was contemplating the best way to rid himself of the pesky female yanking at fistfuls of his mane. “Please, help me out,” Isla murmured, and as if he understood, Marshall dipped his nose nearer his chest, arching his neck. “That’s the way we go, luv, easy does it.”
With his nose angled farther away from the wall, it did appear the horse might get his forelegs under him. That hope didn’t last long. It was quickly apparent that Marshall’s hind end was just too crammed into the wall for him to manage. She was going to have to help with that, and the thought chilled Isla. This was a very large horse. They called draft horses heavy horses for a reason. Isla had no idea how she was going to manage to so much as budge Marshall’s rump from its current position. Still, she had to try.
“Alright then, luv. You’ve gotten yourself in quite the cock up.” She had to admit, she felt some nerves as she removed the long line from her shoulder and approached Marshall’s haunches. She was going to have to loop the rope she carried around both of Marshall’s rear legs and flip him -- so to speak -- away from the wall. In essence, when the horse started to roll, she was going to act as ballast, pulling his legs -- and giant, potentially crushing bulk -- in her own direction. She was going to lever him onto his side, and right into her personal body space.
“Let’s make this a happy ending, alright luv? I’d very much like it if we both came out of this alive, so do a girl a favour and try not to trample me once we get you free.” 
She let her hand trail across Marshall’s hide as she approached him. No sense startling the horse and making things scarier than they already were. Gently, she lay the rope across his legs, holding her breath all the while. An ear twitched her way, but otherwise, the stallion didn’t even flinch, and Isla suddenly realized that as a cart horse, he was accustomed to straps touching his legs. She breathed out a sigh of relief.
The dangerous part was just beginning, she knew, since somehow she had to loop the rope around Marshall’s legs, then help get him repositioned in a very small, cramped space. All the while, she had to remember not to get in the way of his hooves in case he decided to try moving on his own, and even more important, she simply could not let herself become pinned between the horse and the wall itself. 
Isla closed her mind to the dangers and rested a palm on Marshall’s hindquarters. Carefully, she leaned over his mass and tried to loop the rope around his legs one-handed. 
She couldn’t get it done. 
Every time she tried to guide the rope, it simply flopped uselessly. She needed both hands to guide the rope.
“Shit. Horse, why do you have to be so bloody large?” Knowing it was dangerous, but seeing no other choice, Isla draped her stomach over Marshall’s rear end and leaned, head-first and arms outstretched, towards those giant hooves. “Please don’t kick me. Please don’t kick me. Please don’t…”
When a pair of large hands clamped around her ribcage, Isla squealed, and then she was airborne, lifted completely off and away from the fallen horse. She found herself set down in the middle of the stall, with a furious looking man glaring at her.
“What the hell, Isla? Are you trying to get yourself killed?” Her response was muffled when, without waiting for an answer, J.T. hauled her into his chest, squeezing her until she could hardly breath and she batted her hands against his back. When he released her, though, she surprised them both by launching herself back into his arms.
“I’m so glad you’re here.” Her voice trembled, and for a moment they both worried she would break into a sob, “I tried, but I couldn’t move him.”
J.T. shook his head in amazement, then pressed his lips into the centre of his forehead. Gripping her elbows, he looked down at her. 
“I swear, you are the woman for me.” He shook his head again as she gaped at him, then he gently pushed her back. “Now, get out of this stall where you’re safe.”
“I can help.”
“Yeah, actually, you can.” He had walked over to Marshall and placed a calming hand on the horse’s quivering flank. “I need my lariat.”
“You’re what?”
He grinned at the utter confusion in her voice. “It’s a coiled rope. Hanging on the wall behind the door in the tack room.”
“Right.” 
She ran. J.T. didn’t have to tell her that time was of the essence. Marshall had been down awhile now, and they simply must get him up before it was too late. Minutes mattered.
She slipped back into the stall just as Marshall groaned, and J.T. moved to the horse’s neck, murmuring things Isla couldn’t hear. 
“He’s getting weaker, isn’t he?” Isla asked as she handed him the lariat.
J.T. looked grim as he started shaking out the rope. When he had the big loop in his palm, he glanced over at Isla.
“You’re going to want to stand back,” he said. When she moved back to the far edge of the stall, J.T. started to swing the rope. He circled it several times before extending his shoulder forward and flicking his wrist. The loop at the end of the rope settled around Marshall’s hocks, falling with the legs neatly circled. When J.T. pulled his arm back, the lariat tightened around Marshall’s legs, and J.T. wrapped the length of rope between his hand and forearm until the slack was gone and the rope tight.
“You have got to teach me that.”
“Stay, and I’ll teach you anything you want to know,” J.T. said absently. He was so focused on Marshall that he didn’t even notice the way Isla hesitated, holding up a finger momentarily as if she was going to respond -- then thought better of it. When he did look at her, his eyes were as distracted as his tone, and he looked almost apologetic. 
“You think you can manage up at his neck if I can get him legs around?”
She answered with action, stepping over and grabbing onto Marshall’s mane for a second time. J.T. didn’t move, just looked at her, his expression worried.
“J.T., the clock’s ticking. We need to get him up.”
“I need to know you’ll move out of the way as soon as he starts to move.” 
“J.T.”
“I need to hear you say it, Isla. He’s big, and he’s scared. His nature is gentle, but there’s no telling what he might do when he gets his feet back under him.”
“I’ll move,” Isla said, “I have zero interest in being trampled by a Clydesdale. Just make sure you move, too.”
He looked over at her and despite the gravity of the situation, he smiled. “Worried about me? I think I like that.” He turned his attention back to Marshall and braced his legs. “Remind me to kiss you after this.” Isla barely had time to snort when the muscles in J.T.’s arms flexed and he said, “Pull.”
The second the rope tightened around his legs, Marshall started to struggle. As he thrashed, Isla pulled on his mane and J.T. not only pulled on the rope, he actually started backing up, shifting the big horse fractionally further from the wall. Then slowly, Marshall’s centre of gravity began to change. With a surge, he rolled to the side and abruptly heaved himself upwards. His forelegs scrambled like a shaky newborn colt, then found the space they needed, and he started to rise. His neck and head tossed up and cracked Isla on the shoulder.
She yelped, and the force of the blow literally spun her around and knocked her into the wall. For a second, she stood there stunned, then she staggered back a step, just as Marshall lurched all the way upright. With his final step, he planted his hoof straight down on Isla’s boot, then refused to budge.
This time she didn’t just yelp, she howled. And J.T. was there. In one smooth move, he ran his hand down Marshall’s foreleg, pinched him above the fetlock and when the stallion lifted his hoof, J.T. scooped Isla’s foot out, then in the same motion hoisted her into his arms and carried her from the stall. 
She would have been impressed if her foot hadn’t hurt so bloody much that she couldn’t focus on anything else.
“Ow, ow, ow.” 
He set her down on the same hay bale where she’d seduced him only the night before. His face, when she finally wiped the moisture from the corners of her eyes and looked up at him, was fierce.
“I told you to move.”
It made her laugh. She couldn’t have said exactly why. Maybe she’d hit her head on that wall harder than she realized.
“I think I’m starting to understand you,” she said finally. There was pleasure in the knowledge. “You get pissed off when you’re scared. And you’re pissed, right off now. Which is jolly sweet of you, cowboy.”
He glared at her some more, then as if all the emotion had drained right out of him, he collapsed onto the hay bale beside her. He took her chin in his hand and turned her face so he could check her scratches. Without speaking, he grabbed her calf, lifted her boot onto his lap and started dealing with the laces. She hissed a breath when he pulled the boot off, and another when he stripped off her sock.
“Easy cowboy. You’ll damage me more with your doctoring than your horse did to begin with.” 
J.T. still said nothing, just continued to frown with a ferocity that should have worried her, but made her feel soft inside, instead. She whimpered when he poked at her foot, and when she looked down, she was impressed to see a hoof-shaped bruise already forming.
“I’m pretty sure it’s not broken,” J.T. said finally. “We’ll ice it later.” He thrust her sock into her hands and stood abruptly. “I need to…” He didn’t finish the thought, just jerked his thumb in the direction of Marshall’s stall. 
“Go,” Isla said. And he did.



Chapter Sixteen

 

She sat on the hay bale feeling sorry for herself. The truth was, her foot hurt, and her shoulder -- which J.T. apparently hadn’t even noticed -- was worse. Being body-slammed into the boards by a twenty-five-hundred pound opponent was not the best feeling. She looked down at her purpling foot and forced herself to wiggle her toes then probe the edges of the bruise. She grunted when her fingers found a particularly tender spot, but she agreed with J.T. -- nothing was broken. With that in mind, Isla gritted her teeth, and worked her sock over her sore foot.
“Bloody. Bleeding. Bollocks.” 
She whimpered as she lowered her foot back into the boot, and simply couldn’t bring herself to lace it back up. She couldn’t make herself just sit here, either, not when Marshall could still be in jeopardy, and J.T. might need her help. 
He was crouched down near Marshall’s hock, but he heard her enter the stall. It wasn’t like she was quiet the way she was limping. Turning his head, he glared at her.
“Isla, what the hell?”
She ignored the tone and got straight to the point. “How is he?”
“A bit banged up, but he’ll be okay.” He stood up, patted Marshall’s rump, then turned to her, and admitted, “Thanks to you.”
“Me? I was useless. If you hadn’t come along…” She shrugged and limped over until she was near enough to pet the stallion’s neck. 
“You kept him calm,” J.T. said. “If you hadn’t been here…” 
“Well,” Isla said cautiously, refusing to look at J.T., “I suppose we make a good enough team.” Keeping her gaze on Marshall, she didn’t see the intense, hopeful look that suddenly crossed J.T.’s face. Instead, she saw the raw, bloody scratches along the horse’s canon, and she crooned with sympathy. “Oh, you poor baby.”
“Yeah.” J.T. looked back at his horse. “I need to treat those.”
“What can I do?”
“You can go sit back down. Get off that foot. I’ll be done here soon.”
“I want to help.”
“Isla,” J.T. sighed in frustration. “I think I”m starting to understand you, too. You’re stubborn, and impossible, and you do whatever the hell you want, even when it’s bad for you.”
Isla snorted out a laugh. “I think what you mean to say is I’m helpful. Oh, and sexy. And you’re totally falling for me.”
 At that, J.T. turned to face her, and the look on his face was serious. For a moment, Isla thought he would make some comment, but the only response she got to her teasing was a grunt, then J.T. left the stall. 
He was back in a minute carrying a bucket in one hand and bandages in the other. 
“He’s not going to like this,” J.T. said. “Watch he doesn’t tromp on your other foot.”
“You wouldn’t do that, now, would you, handsome?” Isla crooned as she stroked Marshall’s muzzle, “That was just an unfortunate fluke accident before.”
J.T. snorted. “Just don’t think I’m carrying you home later if he actually does break your foot. This time you’ve been warned. Not my fault if you’re too stubborn to listen.”
“Helpful,” Isla corrected, then added, “Let’s ignore the cranky cowboy, Marshall.” 
The horse bent his neck and whickered, and Isla felt her heart swell with affection and with relief. This afternoon could have ended very differently.  When J.T. pulled a wet sponge from the bucket and began rinsing down the wounds on the horse’s leg, Marshall tossed his head, and Isla reached up and stroked him, soothing the big horse until he calmed, then stood like a rock while J.T. worked. 
When he was done caring for Marshall, J.T. took Isla’s hand in his. Isla limped with him out of the stall, then waited while J.T. latched the stall door shut. Turning, he looked her over carefully.
“Thank you,” he said, “For the help.”
“You’re welcome.” Isla smiled at him. When she limped closer to him though, J.T. shook his head. In one smooth motion, he swooped her up and held her tightly against his chest.
She squealed slightly, and threw her arms around his neck, clutching at him for balance. When she started to laugh, he merely started walking.
“I thought you said you weren’t carrying me?”
“I also said I was taking you home.”
“I noticed.”
“And?”
She hesitated, looked him in the eyes, then she merely smiled. “Seems like a long way to carry me.”
At her words, the look in J.T.’s eyes was fierce, then tender. He kicked the barn door closed behind them and started walking for home. She was light enough in his arms, and even if she hadn’t been, right now he felt like the most powerful man around. Darkness had crept down and shadowed their little valley while they’d been inside saving Marshall, and it struck him then -- the woman in his arms had saved his dream today. Now, in J.T.’s heart, she’d become significant to that dream.
They hadn’t spoken of love. He was fairly certain she would bolt, hobbling all the way, if he said the word. But love was very definitely what he felt growing inside his heart. He wanted to hurry with her as he strode to his home, but enough snow had fallen to keep him taking careful steps. When he finally stood at the threshold of his own home, he vowed he’d take things as slowly and carefully as he could with her, too.
He set her down outside his front door and pushed it open, ushering her inside.
“Stay here with me tonight.”
Isla looked around J.T.’s living room, then looked back at the man she was pretty sure she was coming to love. She didn’t speak, just smiled slightly as she unzipped her jacket and peeled it off. Handing it to him, she limped over to the sofa and sat, then she patted the seat beside her, and waited for him to meet her there. 
He tossed her coat over the back of a chair, shucked his own without taking his eyes off her. When he sat, he linked their hands, and for a moment he merely sat and let himself enjoy the feelings that were burning inside him. Relief. Tenderness. Power. Desire. Need. So much need. His voice, when he spoke, was husky.
“I am definitely falling for you.” 
He cupped Isla’s face in his big hand and tilted her chin up so she forced to look up at him. When she smiled, when the look in his eyes encouraged him on, he lowered his lips until they hovered centimetres before her waiting ones. 
“I’m totally falling. And I know it’s fast. And maybe crazy. But... fall with me, Isla.”
Isla’s breath caught as she looked at him, caught fast in his dark eyes, and her own eyes stung with sudden emotion. Her entire body seemed to shiver in anticipation of his kiss, or maybe that was in anticipation of her answer to his question. Reaching up, she lay her palm on his cheek, caressed the planes of his face.
“I have to go home, J.T.” She reached out when he started to pull back and placed her other hand on his face until she held it framed in her hands. “I have things I’m going to need. Maybe you’d like to come with me when I go?”
It took him a second to understand what she was saying, but when he did, his arms went around her and lifted her up pressed against him. Then his mouth found hers, and she opened herself to give him everything he needed, take everything he offered. 
 “It’s going to be complicated,” Isla said, when he rested his forehead against hers.
“We’ll make it simple.”
“I’m going to have to travel sometimes, commute into the office a lot.”
“So, I’ll be here when you get back home.”
She smiled then. “You’re determined to make this seem easy.”
“It will be what we want it to be.” He looked into her eyes. “I just want it to be with you.”
“I,” she hesitated only the briefest of moments, then squeezed her eyes shut, and pulled his lips down to hers, “want it to be with you, too.”
With this admission, his lips sought hers. He didn’t lift his lips, just kept them cruising over hers as he scooped her into his arms, stood effortlessly, and carried her with purpose to the bedroom. Laying her on his bed, J.T. stepped back, stripped out of his shirt, then dropped his pants. Totally on board with the plan, Isla tore her own sweater over her head. Naked, he reached for her, and naked she welcomed him home.



Chapter Seventeen
 


Isla: Hey Mellie, are you sitting down?
Mellie: What kind of question is that? Who died?
Isla: Don’t be daft. I wouldn’t tell you something like that in a text. Honestly, sometimes you can be so darn dramatic. And how’s surf school?
Mellie: Get stuffed. You called me, remember? And it’s… none of your business.
Isla: What? Trouble in paradise? Oh my, now that’s just priceless irony. And it’s precisely my business. You’re there to find a story for my business. Remember that?
Mellie: Keep your knickers on. And if you must know, surf school is a breeze. And the article’s coming along swimmingly. Thanks so much for asking. 
Isla: Charming. My goodness, you’re in a mood. Are you quite alright, then, Mellie?
Mellie: Of course, I’m alright. More than alright. I’m downright chuffed. Why ever wouldn’t I be? Even though you did steal the red bikini.
Isla: I didn’t steal… Fine, I stole it. I look better in red, than you anyway.
Mellie: Hardly. At least tell me you made good use of it. Tell me there’s a cowboy there who likes it.
Isla: … He does
Mellie: …
Mellie: Details!!
Isla: His name is J.T.
Mellie: Too perfect. Of course, it is. What else would it possibly be?
Isla: And…
Mellie: And?
Isla: Turns out, I’m not coming home. So, bye now. Enjoy the beach.
Mellie: Wait, what?
Mellie: What do you mean, you’re not coming home?
Mellie: Isla? ISLA! 
Mellie: This is not funny, Isla. And for your information, I hate the beach. I got a burn on my first day, and the surfer dudes all have leather skin and hair that’s longer than mine. Not sexy. And also, surfing’s really hard. I fall all the time. And I think I broke my shoulder. And all anyone ever eats here is fish and salad and I am starving, and now it won’t stop raining, and most of all… 
Mellie: You’re gone already, aren’t you? Are you with J.T.? Is he there with you? Is he kissing you right now? I bet he’s kissing you right now.
Mellie: Isla?
Mellie: Isla?



Turn the page for an excerpt


The Heart of Things

Book one in the Lakeland Series


The new romantic suspense novel
 by Leigh Macfarlane

Available November 2019 from LMCreative

 
 
Chapter One

 

Sunday, 11am 

     He took out the man first.
     A single quick slash, left to right, and he was choking into his beverage, his carotid spewing, fizzing where the air bubbles of his aborted breathing curdled the blood stream. He never knew what hit him, never suspected what was coming. They were friends, after all.
     Or so he had believed.
     The woman, on the other hand, had never fully put aside her suspicions, so she reacted quickly. 
     Not quickly enough.
     She was a runner, not a screamer, which was good for him, bad for her. He didn’t bother to chase her, knew there was no need. He simply palmed the knife which had so recently ended the woman’s lover and threw the blade. It struck slightly below her right shoulder blade. Not a lethal injury, but one which had her arch and slow. Now she cried out.
      And now he chased.
     He reached her in under six seconds. Not, in his opinion, a great speed when murdering someone in their own backyard, but sufficient, all the same.
     It took him only an additional second to finish the slaughter. Force his knee into the back of hers to knock her to the ground, cover her mouth with his calloused hand to silence any further noise, grab the hilt of the knife and wrench it out of her back, fist his hand in her long blond hair and force her head back, expose the neck, angle the blade, slice the throat. Mechanical. Emotionless. Like butchering any other animal. 
     Of course, the dog was going crazy, tethered to the lawn bolt, lunging against the rope. The frenzied noises the dog was making would attract attention, and for a moment he considered taking the blade to the dog, as well. Decided against it. It wasn’t like the dog could reach him; the animal was no threat. He’d be gone long before the canine’s barking drew company. 
     And he liked dogs.
     He kept an eye on the animal as he walked to the edge of the pool. Bending, he dipped the blade into the blue, rinsed it and his hands in the deep end. 
     The killer was surprised by the sting of the chlorine. Lifting his right hand, he saw the small wound on his thumb. He frowned.
     In the moment, he’d felt no pain. Turning, the man looked at the disarray in the yard. Obviously, he’d knicked himself with the knife, but he had no idea when. 
     Careless. 
     He’d gotten rusty. This would never have happened five years ago. He cursed violently under his breath realizing what this could mean. Things could get ugly, quickly. 
     There was nothing to do about that now. 
     Like an old habit, he slid the knife back into the scabbard hidden by the waistband of his jeans. The man lifted the black hem of his t-shirt, covering the weapon. He took his cell from his pocket, dialed, put his hand to his ear to block out the sound of the barking.
     “It’s done,” he said when the ringing phone was answered.
     There was silence on the other end of the call, then, “Good.”
     “The money...” 
     “The dog?” the voice asked.
     “Is not a problem.”
     There was a pause on the line, then, “You can collect the money here.”
     The man frowned. He looked over to where the dog still jerked at the rope tethering him fast. “That is not what we agreed.”
     “This is a problem?” The voice was lethally cold in his ear. 
     Yes, this was a problem. A big problem. But one he would handle.
     “I’ll be there,” he said. In his ear, he heard the click of the phone being disconnected.
     “Ciao,” he muttered into the dead phone. “I will see you soon.”
     Moving quickly to the fence gate, he exited the yard. Forcing himself to walk slowly, like any other man out for a casual stroll on a gorgeous spring day, the killer headed to the beach parking lot and his waiting car. 

 
Chapter Two
 


Sunday, 1 pm

     The dog was a boxer. Maybe. Or…
     Colleen hoped it was a boxer. Anything else that big and that short-haired and that brindle colour and that running around the park loose was going to be a whole lot more problematic than a boxer. 
     “Umm, mom? Do you see…”
     “Yeah, I see him, Abbie.”
     “We’re safe, right?”
     Colleen kept her eyes tracking the wildly charging dog as she answered her daughter. 
     “Sure, we are. It’s just a boxer.”
     “It’s big,” Abbie said.
     “Yeah. It is.” 
     “Fast.”
     “Uh, huh.”
     “Uh, mom,” Abbie said, “Why is it loose?”
     Colleen looked at her daughter and saw Sean’s hazel eyes looking back at her from inside the girl’s face. Right now, those eyes looked worried. 
     “I’m pretty sure it attacked and killed its owners and is now on a murderous rampage around town. The park is its digging zone where it buries the bones of its victims. That’s why it came here. But when it started digging, it…”
     “You’re not funny, mom.”
     Colleen looked at her daughter and grinned.
     “I am too funny,” she said, affecting a mildly-offended-and-at-the-same-time-completely-superior-adult tone of voice.  
     Abbie looked at her mother and scrunched up her face, lifted her chin, and rolled her eyes.
     “Teenage face,” Colleen accused, holding her daughter’s gaze. As she always did, Abbie laughed and broke eye contact with Colleen. 
     Fourteen had happened so fast. Colleen sighed. If he were here, Sean would be so proud of the young woman their daughter was becoming. Funny, smart, kind, talented, beautiful. Abbie was, quite simply, the love of Colleen’s life. Just as her father had been.
     Across the field, the dog seemed to have disappeared. Abbie had lost interest, had half-turned her back to her mother, her attention pulled downfield by the arrival of friends. Colleen took full advantage of the moment to scan her daughter’s profile. Blond curls, turned up nose, freckles, dimples. Long and slim with runner’s legs. The child was built for speed. 
     I made that, Colleen thought, and smiled. 
     “What?” Abbie asked, meeting her mother’s gaze. Colleen shook her head. Smiled at her child. Was saved from an explanation by an excited female voice calling her daughter’s name.
      “Hey Abs!” 
     Both Abbie and Colleen turned toward the voice, and Abbie waved when she saw who it was.
     “Hey Carlie,” Colleen said. “How’s the throat? Feeling better?”
     “Feels good,” her daughter’s best friend answered cheerfully, “Ready to play.” She jogged up to where Abbie and her mom stood and threw herself cheerfully at Abigail. Abbie caught Carlie mid-leap, laughing as she hugged her friend. 
     Kneeling, Abbie laced up her cleats. She ripped off her hoodie, revealing her black and gold Suns jersey underneath. She was still on one knee when she tossed her hoodie over to Colleen. 
     “Hang onto this, mom?” 
     Not waiting for an answer, she and Carlie took off across the field at a jog. They’d only gone a handful of steps, though, when Abbie stopped. Jogging on the spot, she called out over her shoulder
     “Hey mom!” Abbie yelled, “Should you maybe go find that dog?” 
     Colleen nodded at her daughter, held up a hand in an I-got-this gesture. With a wave, Abbie turned and sprinted away after Carlie. 
     Colleen watched a moment as Abbie caught up to her teammate, then she bent down and snagged her daughter’s sweatshirt from the grass of the soccer field. She walked over to where her SUV was parked, greeting other arriving parents as she passed them, then pressed the automatic trunk opener on her key chain and tossed Abbie’s hoodie inside. Bending over, she reached into the opened hatch.
     “Hello Colleen.”
     The voice was male, deep, confident, the accent annoyingly seductive. It suited, far too well, the man who bore it. She backed out of the trunk and twisted sideways to face him head on.
     “Coach.” 
     He grinned at her with that trace of male swagger that always got her back up whenever she was around him. 
     “Diego,” he corrected her. “Remember?”
     He was dressed for the field, the white t-shirt he wore showing off his honey-coloured skin, the Nike swoosh emblem pulled snug across his muscular chest. His left arm was extended over his shoulder, bent at the elbow as he carried the mesh bag with the team balls inside. Colleen looked away from the flex of his bicep where it bulged under the weight of the bag. 
     “Diego.” 
     His grin deepened, letting her know he’d caught the caution in her tone, and it didn’t faze him. If anything, her daughter’s soccer coach seemed to take the slight stiffness in Colleen’s response as a challenge. Looking into the rear of her vehicle, Diego spotted the folding lawn chair she’d come to retrieve. 
     “Let me,” he said, and leaned into her trunk.
     Colleen’s reaction was immediate. Without thinking, she leaned into the trunk beside him and reached to grab the chair that his fingers had already curled around. Her fingertips grazed against his knuckle, and he turned his face towards her. Side-by-side, his eyes locked on hers, and Colleen felt her breath catch. 
     Their faces were close. Too close. She could smell the woodsy scent of his deodorant, feel the warmth coming off his body in waves. She backed out of the car, put a little distance between them. Reached her hand out to take the chair. 
     For a second, Colleen thought he might ignore her and insist on carrying her seat to the sidelines. She wanted no part of the kind of speculation that would ignite. 
     “I’ve got it,” she said. 
     Holding his hands up in surrender, Diego relinquished his hold on the chair. “It’s all yours.” He grinned at her. “See you after the game, cariῆo.”
     Colleen scowled after him as he walked away. He could lay that accent on as thick as he wanted – she had zero interest in letting it affect her. Tightening her grip on her lawn chair, she made her way toward the sidelines and the other soccer parents.
     “That man is hot.” 
     “Anna!” Colleen turned around and gave the other woman a hug. “You made it.” But her oldest and dearest friend ignored her.
     “That’s Abbie’s coach?”
     Colleen snorted. She looked across the field to where Diego was warming up with the team. It was one of the qualities Abbie admired about her coach – if they were running, he was running. Beside her, Anna let out an exaggerated sigh. 
     “Soccer players have the best legs.”
     Colleen laughed. Even from the distance, she could see the muscles in Diego’s legs flex as he worked out with the team.
     “He’s a flirt.”
     “You say that like it’s a bad thing.”
     Colleen laughed again as she locked her elbow with Anna’s. For a second, she rested her head fondly against her openly staring friend’s shoulder. She gave Anna’s arm a little tug. 
     “Come on,” she said, steering Anna the rest of the way to the sidelines. She snapped open the legs of her lawn chair, but she didn’t sit. “Walk with me for a bit. There was a loose dog running around earlier. I want to go see if he found his people.”
     “You want to go looking for a dog?” Anna shook her head. “Girl…” She gave Colleen her best eyeroll. “Of course you do. Business slow these days?”
     Colleen ignored the teasing. Fur Face Dog Grooming -- the business she’d opened years earlier -- was doing just fine. Right now, with the wet Spring weather, they were swamped with long-haired, mud-adorned and copiously-shedding farm dogs as well as the usual allotment of family pets. A runaway boxer would no doubt fit right in. She walked off, knowing Anna would be right there with her as she headed in the direction where the dog had last been. 
     “He’s likely back with his owners, but it can’t hurt to look. Plus, I promised Abbie.”
     “Oh. In that case, let’s move.” Anna smiled, and her voice took on a sing-song lilt, “We’re going on dog hunt.”
     Amused, Colleen laughed. She was enjoying the warmth of the sun on her back as she and Anna walked across the springy ground. The more distance they put between themselves and the soccer field, the more the park started to play on Colleen’s senses. She breathed in deeply, smelling freshly cut grass and the citrus undertones from Anna’s perfume. 
     “I love hearing the birds,” Colleen said, “Even,” she laughed, “the honking of the geese.” 
     Anna’s opinion on Canadian Geese was clearly articulated by her snort.
     “You know, they wouldn’t be singing if there was a dog here.”
     “Good point.”
     Colleen stopped walking and lifted her hand to her forehead to shield her eyes from the sun as she scanned the park field, then she turned and repeated the motion as her eyes swept the length of sandy beach where Abbie had learned to swim. She saw no sign of the dog. The birds knew what her eyes were telling her – the animal was gone.
     “Let’s go back.”
     “Okay,” Anna said, “And while we walk you can tell me about this coach.”
     Colleen laughed. Anna was looking at her with exaggerated expectancy, her beautiful brown eyes sparkling, eyebrows wiggling suggestively. 
     “He’s a great coach,” Colleen said, primly, “Abbie loves him.”
     Anna made a rude noise, and Colleen laughed. That, right there, was why she treasured this woman’s friendship. Anna was the sister she’d never had.
     “I hate to disappoint you, Anna,” she said, “But there is nothing else to tell.” Anna looked at her dubiously. “No, really,” Colleen said, and Anna shook her head and clucked her tongue sadly.
     “What a waste.”
     Colleen rolled her eyes. 
     “You look just like Abbie when you do that,” Anna said, and Colleen grinned at her friend. 
     By the time they got back to the field, play was already underway. Crossing one leg over the other when she sat in her chair, Colleen greeted the woman sitting on her right. 
     “Hey, Gloria,” she said. “How are they doing so far?”
     “Just getting started. Dani says they should dominate this one, though. Apparently, the Rockets lost a couple of their better players to the Brighton league this year.”
     Colleen nodded, then glanced at the goal, where Gloria’s daughter, Danielle, stood with knees slightly bent, hands up in front. 
     Anna leaned over in her chair and touched Colleen on the arm. “What’s Abbie’s number?” she asked.
     “Five,” said Gloria. She smiled and shrugged her shoulder. “She’s our star. We all know her number.” 
     On the field, the girls were running, moving the ball up the field towards their opponent’s goal. As always, Abbie was charging hard, just ahead of the rest. Anna watched as her daughter drew within striking range on the far side of the field. From centre, Carlie sent a beautiful pass right to Abbie. 
     “Go, Abs!” she yelled, but her daughter’s shot was knocked aside when a defender took it off a hip. As the rest of the team barrelled toward her, the defender wisely passed the ball back to her goalie. 
     With a strong kick, the Rockets’ goalie sent the ball sailing towards centre field. Abbie and Carlie and the others pounded back down the field, and their own defenders rushed up to challenge the opposing offense. In net, Dani’s intensity ratcheted up. 
     “Wow,” Anna said, at her side. “This sport is intense.”
     “Yep,” Colleen agreed without taking her eyes off the field.
     “You can actually hear them kicking that ball!” 
     Anna was right. Above the sounds of the park, the cheers of the parents, and the calls of the girls on the field, you could hear the thud of impact when the girls struggled to gain possession of the ball. Just the sound of it was enough to make Colleen’s ankles ache. 
     In the centre of the field, Carlie was matched up with a player from the other team. Tall and thick, the other player was huge, and Colleen heard the resounding thud made when Carlie’s foot and her opponent’s connected with the ball at the same time. The ball ricocheted in Carlie’s favour, and Abbie swept in to steal it away.
     Racing up the sideline, her daughter broke away from the group then sent a shot up high toward the net. The goalie jumped, but Abbie’s shot sailed just out of reach into the top right corner of the goal. Cheers erupted from parents, and beside her, Anna let out a loud wolf whistle.
     “Told you she was our star,” Gloria said, and Colleen grinned.
     “Do it again, Abbie!” Anna screamed, making Colleen laugh. Amused, she looked at Anna and shook her head.
     “I’ve got to come to more of these games,” Anna said.
     “Yeah, you do,” Colleen agreed with a smile.
     Out on the field, play continued. The girls were dominating, having a great game. Even as they raced back and forth, following the ball up and down the field, it was clear that the Sun’s were just stronger on this day than the Rockets. When they were playing well, it was hard for any team to shut down the offensive duo of Carlie and Abbie. 
     Abbie had control of the ball, but three of the Rockets’ defenders were swarming her. She fielded the ball toward Carlie. As soon as she had possession, Carlie kicked the ball back to Abbie, then sprinted towards the offensive goal. Abbie lobbed the ball back toward her friend, and Colleen saw Carlie go for it.
     From behind her, one of the parents yelled something. Colleen couldn’t make out the words, but she heard the urgency in the tone, and with sudden clarity, she understood why. Just as Carlie was running to meet the ball, a streak of brown fur raced down the field. 
     Abbie kicked the ball high, and Carlie jumped. She headed it, placing it beautifully for Mia to drive forward. With a sick feeling, Colleen watched as the dog from earlier hit Carlie’s legs in a high-speed tangle at exactly the moment when gravity brought the girl back down after her jump. 
     The shrill of the whistle sounded, and Colleen realized she was standing. On the field, the dog was racing in circles, his hind end wiggling -- clearly, he saw the girls and the ball, and he wanted to play. Carlie, though, lay in the grass where she had fallen.
     As players from both teams took a knee in the grass, the dog stopped running. He trotted over to one of the visiting players and rolled in the grass at her feet, belly flashing. Flipping back upwards, he lay in the grass panting.
     Colleen fished her car keys out of her jeans pocket and tossed them towards Anna. “I’ve got Rose’s leash in the car. Can you grab it for me, Anna, please?” 
     As Anna headed for the parking lot, Colleen walked out onto the field, heading for the stray. She glanced over and saw Carlie was moving and trying to sit up. Diego crouched beside her, and as Colleen watched, Carlie’s head rolled back against her shoulders, then twisted sideways and back again. It was pretty clear that she was in some serious pain. 
     “You think she’s okay?” Anna asked, when she caught up and passed the leash over to Colleen. She shook her head.
     “Looks like her leg, to me.” 
     They were across the field, closer to where the dog lay, and Colleen could see she had been right earlier – he was a boxer, a beautiful brindle. Young. Now that his wild dash was over, he lay on the grass, tongue lolling out. 
     “Hey there, handsome,” Colleen said. The dog pricked his ears her way but stayed relaxed on the grass. Without taking her eyes from the dog, she spoke to Anna, “Stay here while I get him.”
     She slowed as she approached, murmuring gently, but he didn’t seem worried at all by her presence. Lying on the ground, his docked tail wagged twice, and then she was right beside him. Colleen held out her hand, let him sniff her. When he rolled submissively onto his side, she reached out and scrubbed his belly with her left hand. With her other hand, she slipped the leash around his neck, threading the clip through the handle loop in lieu of a collar. The dog sat, and Colleen rubbed his head behind his soft ears.
     “What’s your name, handsome?” she crooned, and again, he wagged his tail. 
     “He’s a good-looking dog to be running around loose.” 
Colleen glanced from the dog to Anna and nodded. 
     “Now what?”
     In response to Anna’s question, Colleen gazed across the field to where Diego and Abbie now flanked Carlie, their arms around her back as they helped her limp off the field. She looked out toward the street and the sound of an approaching ambulance, then she reached down absently to pat the dog. Her brow furrowed a bit as she looked at the dog’s chest. Kneeling, Colleen took a closer look, then took hold of the dog’s jowls and gently peeled his lips back. He shook his head a bit but didn’t put any major effort into getting free. Briefly, she looked at the dog’s teeth before letting go and standing again.
     “Now,” she said, “I phone Drew.”   
 


Thanks for reading Feathers in the Snow! If you enjoyed the story, please leave a review or follow Leigh on Instagram or Facebook.
Instagram: leighmacfarlanecreates123
Facebook: @LeighMacfarlaneAuthor
Website: https://www.leighmacfarlanecreates.com
Blog: https://daytrippinwithleighmacfarlane.com.
For Editing Requests see: 
https://www.leighmacfarlanecreates.com/editing-services

 
 
About the Author

Leigh Macfarlane is the author of fiction and non-fiction. She believes that nothing is wasted in life, the highs, the lows, the in-betweens, and all of it is fodder for the next story. Her best advice to aspiring writers is, “Just add caffeine and start typing.”
 When not writing, Leigh can be found reading, playing guitar, swimming or doing yoga, cuddling with Lily her dog, or playing chauffer for Sheena her daughter. 
Leigh is fortunate to live in God’s country -- the Okanagan Valley of British Columbia, Canada. Currently, Leigh resides with three out of four of her children, and with Lily the dog, Sabertooth the cat, and Rupert the fish. 
It’s a good life. And when it’s not, write about it.
