
FEELS LIKE HOME
A Contemporary Romance
Book One of the Southerland Series
by
Evelyn Adams
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2014 Evelyn Adams
All rights reserved
 
The distribution of this work without the express permission of the author is illegal and punishable by law. Please purchase only authorized electronic editions, and do not participate in or encourage electronic piracy of copyrighted materials. Your support of the author’s rights is appreciated.
 



Chapter 1
Autumn Maddox stood in the middle of her granny’s living room, worrying the trim on her best black dress, and tried to imagine how many cans of gasoline she’d need to burn the house to the ground. Two probably. One would be enough to set light to the old wooden house. The original home had been built in the late 1800’s and added onto over the years. It was bound to be dry as dust, but it would take two to be sure it burned to the ground before the Bedford Volunteer Fire Department had a chance to save it.
Not that she had any intention of destroying the home she grew up in. The worn chairs with their faded chintz fabric where she and Gran and Summer would sit at night after the dishes were done, the old TV in its clunky fake wood grained cabinet that Gran watched her stories on during the day and Wheel of Fortune on at night, the mantle with her great granddaddy’s clock and her granny’s rosewood vase. Everywhere she looked held memories, more good than bad.
It was hard to love something so much and want it to disappear at the same time, but that’s how she felt. Like everything else they touched, her step-brothers and sisters seemed determined to defile Gran’s house. Her house now, according to the lawyer.
The last neighbor left less than an hour ago, patting her arm and telling her how much her gran would be missed. They left their ‘bless your hearts’ alongside their green bean casseroles and Jell-O molds and went off whispering about what a disappointment those Maddox and Smith children had turned out to be. She was sure more than one of them tsked about the young woman who left for the city and couldn’t be bothered to come home to visit.
None of them could know what it cost her to come home now. How hard it was for her to stand in the home her grandmother had made for them without Gran’s steadfast presence any more. And how much she needed it, needed the woman, who more than anyone, had been her family.
Holding onto the mantle, Autumn rolled her ankles to give her feet a break from the heels she’d put on what felt like days ago. A gap-toothed little boy smiled at her from a simple wooden picture frame. Matty. Things with her mother had never been good – too many kids, too many men and only one of them a husband – but they hadn’t gone to hell until Matty died. 
He was just six, riding in the car with Emory, her oldest half brother, driving. At nineteen, Emory was wilder than most and about as smart as could be expected. He’d been drinking and missed the turn. He and Matty died before the rescue squad even got there. 
Flighty at the best of times, losing her oldest and youngest child together wrecked her mother. She stopped looking for love in a string of men and started looking for oblivion in the bottom of a bottle. She was gone within the year and eleven-year-old Autumn and her ten-year-old sister, Summer, moved in with Gran. 
Colin came, too, but he was as wild as Emory and he couldn’t stand Gran’s rules. He got out as soon as he could and moved into a trailer down by the railroad tracks with some friends.  Lindsey got pregnant and then married. Like their mother, she’d been very fertile, and her brood was running around outside. Unlike their mother, she’d managed to stay married.  Her husband, Mark, was in the back room with Colin and Dwayne, Summer’s boyfriend, dividing up her granddaddy’s guns.
She could hear Lindsey and Janice, Colin’s latest sprayed and teased girlfriend, in the dining room arguing over the dishes.  Why Janice thought she had a claim was beyond Autumn. She didn’t think Janice and Colin had been together for long and her brother wasn’t known for his fidelity. Or his taste in women. Janice had paired a mini-skirt with a t-shirt that rode up in the back to reveal her bleeding heart tramp stamp. Her only concession to the funeral had been that both were black.
Gran would have had a fit if she’d seen her looking like that in the church.  As it was, Janice had given the Ladies Aid women more than enough to talk about this week.
Autumn stroked the picture frame and wished for something – anything – different.
“It’s hard to believe he was a year younger when he died than Abby is now.” Summer came to stand beside her and picked up the picture. “I still miss him.”
Summer was the only one with the same father as Matty, a boyfriend of her mom’s who’d hung around a couple of years, long enough to make two kids but not long enough to make a family. He was gone before Matty turned one.
Autumn looked at the dark smudges under her sister’s eyes and promised herself she’d figure out what was going on with Summer before she went back to the city. If she went back to the city. But that was something to save to think about another day. 
“You look tired.” Autumn rested her hand on her sister’s arm and Summer smiled at her, maybe weakly, but at least it was a smile. “Can I do anything to help? I know it was hard on you. You were the only one there for Gran at the end.”
Autumn didn’t think she’d ever be able to forgive herself for not coming home to see Gran when she got sick, or hell even before that just because she loved her and missed her. Something always got in the way or seemed more important. More often than not it was work. She’d given everything she had to her job as an accountant for Chase and Maxwell. She sacrificed relationships and family, working late nights and weekends just to rise through the ranks of junior accountants. It cost her so much and what had it gotten her? If she was lucky nothing, including an indictment.
She pushed aside the panic which threatened to swamp her whenever she thought about work and concentrated on her sister. Summer looked like she was thinking, but before she could speak, Lindsey flew through the doorway, her black crepe dress flapping around her like wings.
“That little slut thinks she’s getting some of Gran’s china. I’ll be damned if she gets so much as a chipped teacup.” Lindsey’s scowl emphasized the wrinkles around her eyes. Her once lovely face looked as lined and worn as Gran’s threadbare sofa. “And that skirt, my God, what was she thinking? It’s all the blue hairs will be talking about.”
Autumn met Summer’s smile with her own, sure they were thinking the same thing. The old ladies were going to be talking about Lindsey’s spoiled kids, too. They’d whined through the whole service and climbed on tombstones at the cemetery. More than one pair of eyes had rolled in indignation.
“Do you want this?” Lindsey picked the Rosewood vase up off the mantle, all the while avoiding making eye contact with Autumn.
“No,” said Summer, a little sadly. “I don’t really have anywhere to put it where it won’t get broken.”
Lindsey didn’t wait for the rest of her reply before tucking the vase under her arm.
“Do we have to do this today? Can’t you leave something for later?” Summer looked so sad and tired; she obviously wasn’t up to dealing with Gran’s stuff right away. And while Autumn hated seeing her childhood home scavenged, she hated it more for Summer.
“You got the house.” Lindsey spat out the words, finally looking Autumn in the eyes. “Isn’t that enough for you? You always were the old bat’s favorite.”
The words hit Autumn like a punch to the stomach. Lindsey and Gran had never been close. She knew that, but hearing Lindsey talk about her like that while she raided Gran’s house was more than she could take. She squared her shoulders and turned to blast her selfish, ungrateful sister with her pathetic husband and bratty kids. Summer’s hand on her arm stopped her.
“Don’t. It’s not worth it,” she said, her words barely above a whisper.
Lindsey sneered and then turned and fled, trailing black crepe and nastiness behind her.
“Don’t pay any attention to her. Gran wanted you to have the house. Lindsey would just sell it. She’d never live here. Colin and his friends would trash the place. Gran knew you’d take care of it. I think she always hoped you’d eventually get tired of the city and come home to stay.”
“What about you and Abby? You live around here already. Why didn’t she leave the house to you?” Even as she said the words, Autumn knew the answer.  Gran probably worried Dwayne would gut the place or turn it into a crack house. She had to know if she left the house to Autumn, Summer and Abby would always have a place to go.
She thought about the little girl she barely knew but loved already, asleep upstairs in Summer’s old room. She’d been quiet and sad through the funeral, a sandy-haired copy of her mother and the opposite of Lindsey’s noisy brood. When they got home, Autumn carried her upstairs so Summer could tuck her into the twin bed she’d slept in growing up. The little girl had been a warm, sweet weight in her arms. She barely weighed more than a bag of groceries, but it was still too much for her delicate mother to manage. 
Autumn looked at her sister again. She’d always been small boned and petite, but she hadn’t been frail. It wasn’t only the circles under her eyes that made her look unwell. She’s lost weight since the last time Autumn saw her and she didn’t have any extra to lose to begin with. Something was going on and Autumn was going to find out what and fix it.
“Come on,” she said, wrapping an arm around her sister. “I think there’s still some of Mrs. Martin’s hummingbird cake in the kitchen. Let’s go get some before Lindsey packs it up to take home.”

Jude Southerland pushed the massive black Newfoundland onto the floor and took his place in the ancient brown corduroy recliner. His sister, Bailey, called the chair an homage to bachelorhood because no woman would ever live in the same house with it. Taylor, his baby sister, said he was lucky to get laid with it in the house.  That had never been a problem for Jude. The harder part had always been that the women he dated started picking out china patterns after a couple of nights. 
His dog, Max, liked the chair and he was the only other living thing in the small upstairs apartment. It may have been ugly, but God, it was comfortable. Jude loosened his tie, kicked off his dress shoes and shifted his weight to raise the footrest. He’d close his eyes for a minute, long enough to gather his strength and then he could go downstairs and try to tackle the paperwork, threatening to eat his small office. 
His nurse/office manager Nancy’s maternity leave couldn’t have come at a worse time.  With back-to-school physicals and end of season colds, his normally calm practice was more than he and Kristen could handle alone. She was a great nurse, and she’d grown up in the town. She knew everyone and his patients were as comfortable with her as they were with him, some more so. But she wasn’t any better with paperwork than he was. If he wanted to keep his business afloat until Nancy got back – he wouldn’t let himself think if – he had to get downstairs and deal with it.
He really shouldn’t have taken time to go to the funeral today, but Marion Maddox had been something special. A grand old lady in the best Southern tradition. Sharp tongued and too astute for comfort, she’d kept him on his toes. As her illness progressed and her visits unfortunately became more frequent, he’d grown to really like her. Her heart was as honest as she was, and she loved her grandchildren, especially the timid young woman who seemed to disappear into the waiting room chair when she brought her grandmother to her appointments. 
She had an unusual name. Something with the seasons. Summer, that was it. She’d been at the funeral, looking pretty but tired, with her little girl. Both of them shrunk in the shadow of her beast of a boyfriend. He was physically large, but it wasn’t just his size that made him menacing. 
Jude stood every bit of six feet with broad shoulders and a strong back he’d earned wrestling in high school and for a few years in college. He’d also spent most of his life pounding or being pounded by his four brothers. He wasn’t intimidated by other men.
There was something nasty about the man made even more obvious by the contrast to the reserved young woman and quiet, little girl. They were the only reserved ones in the family. Given how proper Marion had been, Jude was shocked to see her assortment of grandchildren and their families. The grandson – he couldn’t remember his name – scowled through the funeral, at least the part of his face not hidden behind his dark glasses. His girlfriend wore a miniskirt better suited to a strip club than a church and kept sinking into the soft grass of the cemetery on her hooker heels. 
The oldest granddaughter, Lindsey, didn’t look anything like the pretty, fresh-faced girl he remembered from high school. She flapped around her husband and obnoxious children like a hovering bat. Her attempts to keep her brood quiet only added to the distractions.
The only family member, aside from Summer, who seemed to actually be mourning Marion was the striking dark-haired woman who must have been Marion’s Autumn. More than one appointment had been filled with tales of the young woman who’d made such a promising future for herself in the city. The woman with sad, blue eyes, wearing a dress that managed to be both demur and hug her lush curves in a way Jude found annoyingly distracting, had to be Autumn. She certainly didn’t get her stylish dress and shoes from the local Peebles. 
She must have loved her grandmother, but what Jude couldn’t figure out was why, if she cared so much, she’d never bothered to come home to visit? Not even when everyone, including Marion herself, knew she was dying.
Max pressed his head on Jude’s lap, nudging him with his cold, wet nose. Time to take the dog out and get back to work. Pushing aside thoughts of the shapely dark haired woman with the sad blue eyes, he rose and headed downstairs to the mess waiting for him. 



Chapter 2
Autumn closed her inbox and set down her phone with a shaking hand. It looked like it was over. She didn’t have a job to go home to and it was unlikely anyone else would ever hire her, but at least she wasn’t going to prison. That was something. 
Oh God. How had everything gone so wrong?
She’d tried so hard to do the right thing. She worked hard at whatever task she was given, forgoing a social life and even her family. She’d put off coming to see Gran so she could work the hardest and longest. So she’d be an exemplary employee and one her bosses knew they could trust.
When she found the inconsistencies in some of the firm’s accounts, she’d gone to her supervisor who told her not to worry about it. She worried anyway. Something wasn’t right, but every time she tried to fix things, she got shot down by someone higher up. After a while they made it clear that if she kept asking questions, she’d no longer have a job. 
By that time she didn’t want the job. She wanted to be successful, needed it to feel like she’d finally made it out of the hole her mother put them in, but she didn’t want to be part of anything shady. She started putting out feelers, looking for a new job. She was the youngest account executive in her field. She wouldn’t have trouble finding another position.
Before she got another offer, the economy shifted. The accounts her bosses had leveraged were suddenly worthless and the whole thing came crashing down like a badly stacked house of cards, taking her and everyone else at the firm down with it. The partners with their bonuses and golden parachutes would be okay, but for a junior account executive, even an exemplary one, there was no safety net.
She still wasn’t sure what happened. She found out the firm was imploding when the FTC came to take the records on her accounts. They seized her computer and boxed her files. She never saw either again. People started whispering in the hallways about indictments and white collar crime and all Autumn could do was wait and see how bad it would get.
That was three months ago. She’d spent the interim looking for a job and running through her savings. When she found out Gran was sick, she’d wanted to come home desperately, but she knew she couldn’t lie to her about what was going on. She didn’t want her to worry. She was the only one of her siblings Gran never had to worry about. Autumn couldn’t let that change, especially not when Gran was fighting her own battle.
And now it was too late. Gran was gone and Autumn had come home anyway, unemployed and almost broke. She took a swallow of her cold coffee and grimaced. She’d been sitting in the diner booth longer than she realized. She tucked a five dollar bill under her mug and rose, smiling at the row of curious locals watching her from the counter.
She slipped on her sunglasses and walked out into the bright noon sun. She needed to see the lawyer about Gran’s estate, but first she wanted to thank the doctor who’d taken care of her until the end. When she called home, Gran had gone on and on about that “nice Southerland boy,” how smart he was and handsome.
Autumn had gone to school with Travis Southerland. She thought she’d heard he was in the service now, but he’d been a handsome jock from one of the founding families – very respectable, very upper middle class. Nice enough if completely out of her league. She didn’t know Jude. He must have graduated before she started high school.
She stepped off the curb and into the blare of a car horn. The driver of the Jag glared at her from behind the windshield. Autumn raised her hands and mouthed “Sorry, sorry.” The driver glared on, shaking his head in disgust.
Okay, walking out into the street without paying attention wasn’t her best move, but she’d been distracted. No one was hurt. He didn’t need to keep staring at her like he thought she was too stupid to live.  When he didn’t move on, she held up her hands and arched her eyebrows in the uniform gesture of “What?”
That got him moving. Unfortunately, instead pulling the car forward, he opened the door and climbed out. He was tall with broad shoulders and narrow hips. His sandy-brown hair was barber shop short and his chiseled jaw clean shaven. He was an impressive specimen of male beauty. Under other circumstances she might have found him attractive, but right now his hazel eyes flashed with anger as he walked towards her. 
She pasted her best helpful and trustworthy smile on her face. “Nice car.”
“Are you insane?” 
She couldn’t be sure, but she was willing to bet he looked crazier than she did. He practically vibrated as he stared down at her. She wished for higher heels instead of the pale pink ballet slippers she’d put on with her flower print dress. She’d like to be closer to looking him in the eye rather than straining her neck up to meet his angry gaze. At least she could hide behind the sunglasses.
“You walked out into traffic.”
“I know,” she said, calmly like she was explaining something to a small child instead of a raging Viking. “It wasn’t very smart of me. I’m sorry, I was a little distracted.”
“Distracted! You walked in front of my car. I could have killed you.” The look on his face suggested he might have reconsidered not running her down.
“But you didn’t. I’m fine.” Without thinking, she laid a reassuring hand on his arm and fought the flutter in her stomach at the feel of his muscles bunching through the thin cotton. It had been too long since she’d touched a man even casually.
“That’s not the point,” he said, looking down at her hand.
“It kind of is. Especially to me.” She ramped up the wattage of her smile. “You better move your car. You’re blocking the road.”
He looked from her face to his car stopped in the middle of the road and then shook his head before turning to go. “Be more careful,” he tossed back at her as he got in the car and drove away.
“Well, alright.”It was her turn to shake her head. “Have a nice day!” she called to the receding tail lights.

When she got to the doctor’s office, the pretty, slightly harried nurse told her the doctor would be out for several hours. Autumn thanked the woman both for the information and for helping with her grandmother and told her she’d come back later to see Dr. Southerland.
She’d started to rethink her decision to walk to the lawyer’s office when she finally made it to the grand old house in the center of downtown which housed Coles, Esquire. She climbed the steps to the porch and paused to catch her breath before opening the front door.
“May I help you?” asked the older woman behind the desk. The reception area was in what once must have been the parlor with its long narrow windows and beautiful molding. Whoever refurbished the home obviously appreciated older buildings.
“I have an appointment to see Mr. Coles.” She glanced at her watch. “I think I’m a little early. Autumn Maddox.”
“Yes, Miss Maddox. He’s expecting you.” The older woman’s face softened. “I’m so sorry for your loss, dear. I’ve known your grandmother for years. I was very fond of her. I’ll miss her.”
Autumn blinked at the tears stinging her eyes. The woman’s kind words held none of the judgment she’d felt from some of the other women who had expressed their sympathy.  “Thank you, Mrs.?”
“Mayhew, dear.”
“Thank you, Mrs. Mayhew. I appreciate hearing that. I miss her, too.” She willed away the tears, threatening to spill. She didn’t want to cry – not here.
The older woman smiled sadly and patted her arm. “I know you do, child. Marion was so proud of you.”
Again, there was no judgment, none of the recrimination she’d felt from so many of the others for why she hadn’t been able to make it home before now. “I wanted to make her proud.”
“You did.” Mrs. Mayhew reached for a box of tissues on her desk and handed one to Autumn before taking one for herself. “Now,” she said, dabbing at her eyes. “Go on back before I turn into a puddle.” She shooed Autumn down the hall to a closed door at the end.
As Autumn got closer she heard male voices coming from behind the door. Two male voices. She walked back to the reception area.
“Mrs. Mayhew, I think he has someone in with him already.”
“He does, dear, but it’s a friend not business. Go ahead. Go on in. Otherwise the two of them will forget they both have work to do.”
The words sounded harsh, but her tone and the twinkle in her eyes let Autumn know Mrs. Mayhew liked the two men.
She wrapped softly on the closed door and heard the conversation on the other side stop.
“Come on in,” a rich male voice like melted caramel called from the other side.
Autumn pushed open the door in time to see the attorney, Mr. Coles, rise from behind his desk. He was tall and broad with none of the softness around the middle she’d seen on so many of the men around town. He towered over her, but his smile was warm and friendly.
“You must be Miss Maddox.” He extended his hand, capturing hers with his strong warm fingers. He held her hand in both of his. “It’s nice to finally meet you in person. Although I wish it was under more pleasant circumstances.”
Autumn smiled up at his handsome face. That was two very attractive men in one morning, but unlike the surly man in the Jag, Mr. Coles was a civilized attorney. She put a little more energy into her smile. She wasn’t interested in starting anything with anyone – at least not until she got the rest of her life sorted – but she’d forgotten how feminine a Southern man could make a woman feel. The attention was a balm to her bruised ego. “It’s nice to meet you, too, Mr. Coles. Please, call me Autumn.” Without conscious effort on her part, the drawl her time in the city had worn away deepened.
“And I’m Andrew. Mr. Coles is my father. Where are my manners? Forgive me.” The charming Andrew Coles directed her attention to a man standing beside one of the chairs in front of the desk. “Autumn Maddox, this is Dr. Jude Southerland.”
Autumn turned her smile to the man who her gran had been so enamored with and found herself staring up at the Viking with the Jag.

He could have kicked himself for not recognizing Autumn Maddox. He knew she looked familiar, but he’d been so shaken by almost running her over. He hadn’t connected the pretty, flighty woman with her riot of curls with the polished woman in the stylish black dress and pulled back hair from the funeral.  Stupid. It’s not like the town was full of dark haired strangers. But her huge sunglasses hid her piercing blue eyes. He would have known her instantly if he could have seen her eyes. 
The eyes that twinkled for Andrew looked at him like he was an escaped mental patient. He could almost hear her thinking to herself “Don’t startle the crazy man.” 
Great. Just great.
“We’ve met already. I almost ran Miss Maddox over with my car.” He smiled down at her, trying to project competence and calm.
“Nice,” said Andrew. “He was just leaving.” He turned his attention back to Autumn, ushering her to a chair.
“I was just leaving.” He waited for Autumn to say something about it being her fault for stepping in front of him or to acknowledge him at all, but all her attention was focused on Andrew. “I was just leaving,” he repeated. His best friend waved him away.

When he closed the office door on them, Autumn and Andrew were trying to out-charm each other.
It shouldn’t matter. He wasn’t interested in her – not really. Okay, she was beautiful. That was undeniable. She’d been polished perfection at the funeral, poised and perfectly appropriate. He assumed she was one of those successful career types, driven and at least a little selfish. Marion adored her, and the woman couldn’t find time to make a trip home. Family was everything to him. Definitely not his type. 
But today, she was sweet, soft curls and lush curves in a flower print dress which nipped in at her waist and showed off the gentle swell of her breasts. The pretty pink shoes emphasized her height – or lack or it – and made a man want to pick her up and tuck her in against him. 
Okay, maybe not him, but it looked like Andrew would like nothing better. Which was fine, because Jude was not interested.
He stomped the last few blocks to his office, stepped down to cross the street and swore as he heard the car horn. 
Mrs. Overstreet rolled down the window of her Buick LeSabre and peered out at him. “Oh Dr. Southerland, I’m so sorry. Are you okay?”
“Fine, Mrs. Overstreet. I’m fine.” She’d known him all his life. He and his brothers had broken her window when they were kids, but she still insisted on calling him doctor and there was no way he’d use her first name. “I should have been paying better attention.”
“Nonsense. I know you have a lot on your mind. The weather is starting to aggravate my bursitis again.”
“Call the office. Kristen will set up an appointment and we’ll take good care of you.” 
“You always do.” The cars were starting to pile up behind Mrs. Overstreet’s car. It was only a matter of seconds before the honking started.
“Don’t let me keep you, Mrs. Overstreet,” he said and crossed the street before she could ask him anything else.

As soon as he stepped through the door to his office, a frazzled Kristen shoved a stack of papers into his hands.
“Deal with this. The insurance rep has been calling all morning and I can’t make any sense of it.” She glared at him. “But first you have to take care of Timmy Johnson and his mother in room one. Stomach flu.”
“Right.” He obviously didn’t move fast enough to suit her because she continued to scowl at him. “What’s turned you into Nurse Ratchett?”
“If you don’t get someone in here to fill in until Mary gets back, I’m going to quit.”
Perfect. 
She turned and headed off down the hall. “Oh, and Autumn Maddox stopped by earlier,” she said over her shoulder. “She wanted to thank us for taking care of Marion. I like her.”
Even better. Autumn thought he was some kind of crazy car bully, but she charmed everyone around him including his nurse and his best friend.
Jude pushed open the door to room one just in time to see Timmy Johnson hurl in his waste basket.  His pretty, but frazzled mother looked at him with something like vindication.
“I am so sorry Doctor Southerland, but we have been waiting for a while. The poor dear’s been sick all day.”
The poor dear looked completely unfazed by the incident. He was trying to squirm away from his mother to poke around in the cabinets. At least he’d hit the basket.
“Let me get rid of this and we’ll see what’s going on.”
He took the fouled waste basket and went off to deal with it himself, afraid to ask Kristen for help.

Of course he had to be Jude Southerland. The only person in the town she felt she actually owed something to and she’d treated him like a crazy person. When she saw him in Andrew’s office, she’d been shocked by her body’s reaction to him. She didn’t have crushes on a man just because of the way he looked. She never had. She might think a guy was cute, but that was not the same thing as the heart palpitations and fluttering stomach she got when faced with Jude Southerland. And after the way she’d dismissed him, he must think she was a queen bitch.
She’d have to figure out a way to make it up to him – not because she was attracted to him. She was, but that was beside the point. She had no intention of acting on the attraction. She’d simply pretend it didn’t exist until it went away. She did feel like she owed him her gratitude for the way he’d taken care of Gran. Gran loved him, and she wasn’t easy to win over. There must be something to him beyond his good looks and surly attitude.
Autumn pulled into the gravel drive in front of the trailer Summer and Abby lived in with Dwayne. From the outside it looked like it was falling down and Autumn’s heart clenched with guilt and worry. A pink bicycle with training wheels lay on its side in the front yard and the ground around the front steps was littered with cigarette butts. At least Dwayne didn’t smoke in the trailer, but Summer and Abby deserved better. 
Aside from her Gran, Summer was the only other person who felt like family. She was a year younger than Autumn, and they’d always been close. At least until Autumn left for college and never came back. Summer had her own baby and got her GED and a job at the Kroger. Autumn had been so caught up in building her own life, she hadn’t done more than send cards and birthday presents.
Summer and Abby visited her in the city a few times, but Autumn suspected money and Summer’s lousy car kept them from coming to see her more often. She loved her sister and had loved the little bit of time she’d gotten to spend with her niece. She should have done more to help them. If she had maybe Summer wouldn’t have felt like she had to settle for that jerk, Dwayne.
If she could get her sister away from Dwayne, she and Abby could come live in Gran’s house. Autumn didn’t know where she’d be in six months, but the thought of seeing her sister and Abby every day made her smile in spite of everything. Even if she went back to the city, Summer and Abby could still live in the house. Andrew said Gran left the whole thing to her to do with what she wanted. What she wanted was to make a safe place for Abby to grow up. One without her sister’s crackhead boyfriend.
She had nothing to go back to and a paltry sum in savings, but that money would go a lot further in Bedford than in the city. She could stay long enough to convince her sister to leave Dwayne and to make sure she and Abby were safe. It was the least she could do for not coming home sooner. She picked her way through the trash littering the steps and knocked on the front door. 
Inside the TV blared the music from Days of Our Lives. It had been Gran’s favorite story and the familiar sound took her back in time. Like sands through the hourglass, so are the days of our lives. When she was home from school sick, Gran would make her toast and tea and let Autumn rest her head on her lap. She’d stroke her hair while they watched the trials and tribulations of the Brady’s and the Horton’s.
Tears stung her eyes and the longing for her grandmother almost bent her double. She’d been coming to check on her sister, but now she needed her, too, needed the connection of family. She couldn’t change feeling like she’d failed Gran, but she could make sure she didn’t repeat the mistake with Summer and Abby. She raised her fist and pounded, rattling the flimsy door. The latch was the only thing holding it closed. Even locked it didn’t provide any security.
Determined, she raised her fist again, but before she could knock Summer opened the door. It looked like she’d been asleep. Her thin hair lay flat and unwashed around her face and her huge eyes stared out from sunken shadowed sockets.
“Summer, honey, what’s wrong?” Autumn moved forward to step inside but her sister stayed standing, blocking the doorway.
“Nothing. Just sleeping.” Her words sounded slurred with what might have been sleep, but Autumn doubted that was all. “You look pretty. Why are you here?”
“I came to see you. Can I come in?” She didn’t wait for her sister’s answer, gently pushing past her and into the dark room.
“House is a mess.” Summer rubbed her forehead with the heel of her hand. “I’ve been so tired.”
Empty beer cans and frozen dinner boxes littered the room. The only light was the glow from the huge flat screen TV, completely at odds with the rest of the worn out second hand furniture. A rumpled blanket and divot on the couch showed where Summer must have been sleeping before she opened the door.
It had, admittedly been a long time since Autumn visited her sister at home, but this wasn’t like her. She’d always been neat and tidy. She sewed pretty curtains and painted thrift store furniture to make wherever she lived look like home. This squalor was not like her. Thinking of Abby coming home to this every day tore at Autumn’s heart. It was too much like the places they’d lived before her mother died and Gran took them in. Places she’d never invited friends to because she was ashamed.
Summer swayed on her feet and reached for one of the cracked vinyl chairs around a table covered with trash and dirty dishes.
“Sit down.” Autumn helped her sister into the chair, convinced more than exhaustion was making her unsteady. “I’m going to make some coffee.”
She cleaned the used grounds out of the Mr. Coffee she found on the kitchen counter and opened cabinets looking for coffee. Summer didn’t protest. She sat at the table, her eyes glassy and unfocused, and looked like she could fall asleep in the chair. 
She was on something. That was the only answer that made any sense. But what, and God, why?
Growing up the way they did, they’d always been so careful about drugs and alcohol. She didn’t smell alcohol on Summer and couldn’t imagine her taking drugs. Still, something was wrong.
She finally found coffee in the cabinet but not before she’d seen enough to know there wasn’t much food in the house. She opened the refrigerator to get out the milk, but it was empty except for a bag of tired carrots and an almost empty case of beer. What was she going to feed Abby when she got home from school or for dinner that night?
She wanted to scoop her sister and her niece up and take them away from this place, but she had a feeling Summer wouldn’t go. She settled for making coffee and pouring a steaming mug for her sister.
“What time does Abby get home from school?”
Summer squinted at the clock on the microwave. “In about an hour. The bus drops her off at a little after three.”
Autumn found trash bags under the sink and started to work her way through the trailer picking up empty cans and boxes.
“You don’t have to do that,” said Summer, starting to rise.
“Don’t be silly. You took care of Gran and everything else while I was gone. Let me help you now.” She pushed in the cushions on the couch and straightened the pillows. “Come on. Bring your coffee and sit over here. You’ll be more comfortable.” And it would give Autumn enough room to clean up the kitchen. “I can’t believe the DiMeras are still torturing everyone.” She motioned to the glowing TV. “Stephano, Tony, now who?”
Summer smiled sadly but sat on the couch. “I don’t pay much attention to it, but I like the music. It reminds me of Gran.”
“Me, too,” said Autumn, squeezing her shoulder. She took the rapidly filling bag of trash and went to work on the kitchen. By the time she had the sink full of soapy warm water and dishes, her sister was dozing on the couch. She washed all the dishes she could find, leaving them to dry in the rack. Convincing herself she was looking for dishes and not snooping, she went through the rest of the trailer while Summer slept.
One of the rooms was locked, which seemed odd because none of the other door knobs including the bathroom even had locks. And it wasn’t one of those push button locks, this needed a key to open. The door seemed sturdier than the rest, too, even sturdier than the front door. Autumn wanted to know what was behind the door, but that would have to wait for another time. 
The room Summer shared with Dwayne was dark. Heavy blankets hung over the window and the bed was unmade. She didn’t see any dishes and she felt funny going into the room to look. 
Autumn pushed open the third door, revealing a sweet pink bedroom. Abby’s room. She could see her sister’s touch everywhere from the hand-painted chair and the bookshelf filled with books to the pretty comforter covered with appliquéd flowers. She stepped over the threshold and sat on the twin bed, surrounded by a little girl’s treasures and a mother’s love. Despite everything else going on, Summer had managed to make this space for her daughter.
More than anything, it cemented Autumn’s need to take care of her sister. 
She closed the door behind her and glanced at the clock. Abby should be home any minute. She might not be able to get Summer to leave Dwayne – yet – but she could still help them. Gently, she shook her sister awake.
“Summer, honey, Abby should be home soon. Let’s take her for ice cream. My treat.”
Summer’s eyelids fluttered but didn’t open. “Take her. She’d love that. I want to sleep.”
“Are you sure? Are you okay?” Worry tightened Autumn’s stomach, but she held onto the image of the sweet pink bedroom.
“Yeah, I’m fine. Just tired. Take Abby, and I can get some sleep. I’ll be better when you get back.” Summer didn’t open her eyes, but she smiled.
 “Okay.” Autumn touched her sister’s cheek, and then picked up her bag and went out to wait for the bus, unable to stay in the trailer for another minute.

Abby polished off a huge hot fudge sundae, chattering the entire time about school, friends, and Princess Sophia. Autumn nodded and smiled and fell deeper in love with the bright, engaging little girl. 
After the ice cream, they went to the grocery store and Autumn put a dent in her savings filling a cart with food. She might not be able to convince her sister to leave Dwayne tonight, but she could at least make sure she and Abby had decent food.
They piled the loot in her car, including a six dollar bunch of daisies Abby had shyly asked if they could get for her mother, and Autumn drove while Abby talked. Autumn hadn’t been around enough kids to know if Abby’s behavior was normal or a symptom of a child starved for attention. She was happy to be the object of her niece’s focus. Abby demanded attention and keeping her mind focused on her niece kept Autumn from worrying about anything else. 
Autumn loaded Abby down with the flowers and lightest grocery bags and picked up the rest herself. When they got to the front door, she could hear the vacuum running inside and smiled. If Summer was cleaning she must be feeling better.
Balancing the bags, she turned the doorknob and pushed the door open with her foot. When Summer saw them she smiled, a real smile this time and shut off the vacuum. She still looked tired, but her color was better and her eyes didn’t look as hollow. She’d put away the dishes and straightened up. The trailer wasn’t photo spread ready, but it was clean and tidy.
“Did you guys have fun?”
“We did. Aunt Autumn let me get my own hot fudge sundae and I ate the whole thing.”
“I see that.” Summer wiped a smear of chocolate off Abby’s face with her thumb. “Did you behave yourself?”
Abby looked at Autumn who smiled and nodded. 
“Yes, I did.”
“Good girl.”
“These are for you, Momma.”
Summer took the flowers and squeezed her little girl. She looked over her daughter’s shoulder to Autumn and mouthed the words thank you. Autumn’s heart clutched and she blinked hard.
“I had the best day.” She set the grocery bags on the table and started to put the cold things in the refrigerator while Summer got a vase for the flowers. “Handsome men in the morning and ice cream with my best girl in the afternoon.”
Abby beamed at her and Summer arched an eyebrow. “Handsome men?”
“I went to see Andrew Coles. We need to talk about that later,” she said, lowering her voice.
“He is handsome and a pillar of the community,” Summer said in her best Junior League impersonation. 
“Charming, too, but I think he might actually be nice.”
Summer shrugged her shoulders noncommittally. “Okay, but you said men. Who else?” 
“Gran’s doctor.”
“Doctor Southerland?” Summer’s eyes got big. “He’s definitely handsome – all tall, strong and too rugged to look like a doctor.”
It was Autumn’s turn to arch an eyebrow. It sounded like her sister had spent some time thinking about the doctor. “Really?”
“Stop looking at me. I don’t like him like that.”
Autumn grinned at her sister.
“I don’t. He scares the crap out of me.” She clamped a hand over her mouth and looked at her daughter.
“I know. Don’t say that word.” Abby settled in at the kitchen table and pulled a stack of papers out of her backpack.
Summer smiled. “Exactly.” She turned her attention back to her sister and the groceries. “He intimidates me.”
“Why?” Intimidating wasn’t what Autumn thought when she thought about Jude Southerland. Angry, Viking, yummy, but not intimidating.
“He’s a Southerland. You know what that family’s like. They practically run the town. Which should make them easy to hate, but they’re all so nice. It’s impossible not to respect them. Taylor was in my class and she’s the only one who isn’t over the top successful. Even she was nice to everyone in school . Not cliquey or spoiled at all.”
Autumn remembered Travis from her class and Rachel, his older sister. Summer was right. They moved in much different circles, but the Southerland kids had all been nice. Even when their friends went out of their way to avoid the trashy Smith and Maddox kids.
“Okay, but I still don’t get the intimidating.”
“He’s so smart. He’s a freaking doctor. And on top of all of that, he’s really kind. You should have seen how he was with Gran.”
“He must have shown her a different side of himself. Today, he almost ran me over with his car and then yelled at me.” True but not strictly speaking accurate. She left out the part about her stepping in front of the car, but all this talk about the good doctor was making her uncomfortable. She could still feel the way his muscles bunched under his shirt when she’d touched his arm. It had been a long time since a man affected her like that. If ever.
“That doesn’t sound like him. He was always so nice to Gran and me.” Summer set the daisies on the kitchen table in front of Abby and kissed her daughter’s head. “Thank you for bringing these for me. And thank you for all of this.” She motioned to the clean kitchen and the groceries yet to be put away. “You didn’t have to do it, but I appreciate it.” She smiled, but it was a sad smile.
“You’re my sister and my favorite niece.” She reached over to ruffle Abby’s hair and the little girl beamed. “Seriously, you took Gran to her doctor’s appointments. You helped her when I was off worrying about myself. Let me do this. It’s such a little thing in comparison.” Summer’s smile warmed and Autumn thought what the hell. “Listen, I’ve been thinking. What if you and Abby…”
Before she could finish her sentence the front door banged open and Dwayne came in. Summer hurried over to meet him, but Autumn saw Abby shrink into herself, the vivacious little girl crawling into a shell. If she didn’t already have a stack of reasons to hate Dwayne, that alone would be enough.
“Hey baby, you’re home early.” Summer fluttered around him like a matador trying to appease an angry bull.
He took in the scene with red rimmed eyes. “And you finally cleaned things the fuck up.”
Next to her, Abby cringed and Autumn started to get to her feet. Only the desperate pleading look from her sister kept her from going after the asshole.  
“Autumn helped. You know how tired I’ve been lately. Go on and sit down, baby. I’ll get you a beer.” 
“I guess two Maddox sisters are better than one.”
Dwayne leered at Autumn and she fought to keep her face expressionless. She didn’t want to let him know how he repulsed her. Instincts told her that would only make him try that much harder to push her buttons. Until she could get her sister and Abby away from the prick, she’d keep her mouth shut. 
Summer got a beer from the fridge. “Take your backpack into your room. I’ll be in to help you with your homework in a minute,” she murmured to Abby as she went to deliver the beer.
The little girl put her papers back into her backpack and carried the pack to her room. She looked over her shoulder once to meet Autumn’s eyes but avoided looking at Dwayne and her mother.
“I should go.” Autumn got to her feet.
“No need to hurry off,” said Dwayne staring at her over the rim of his beer.
He made her feel dirty and her sister look sad. She followed Abby to her room, closing the door behind her. She had to talk to her niece, to make sure she’d be okay before she could bring herself to leave. 
Abby sat in the center of her bed surrounded by coloring pages and papers with wide lines to practice writing her letters. Autumn picked up one of the sheets, peeling it away from a paper with red construction paper apples glue-sticked to it.  
“Did you write this by yourself?” she asked, motioning to the A-b-b-y written in shaky pencil.
Abby nodded but didn’t speak. Autumn’s heart broke at how quiet the little girl had gotten. 
“You did a good job.” She asked the next question and braced herself for the answer. “Are you scared of Dwayne, honey? Does he hurt you or your momma?”
Abby shook her head and Autumn breathed a little easier. “He yells, and he says bad words.”
“I heard that part.” 
“And he makes momma tired.”
Autumn didn’t know what to make of that, but it did seem like her sister now was a different person from her sister this afternoon.
“But he doesn’t hurt you?”
“No,” Abby said her voice barely more than a whisper. 
“I had fun today. I’d like to spend more time with you and your mom.”
“Me, too.”
“Later alligator.”
“Bye.”
Autumn went back into the main room and found her sister scurrying around in the kitchen, getting dinner ready while Dwayne lounged in front of the TV drinking his beer. She leaned in and kissed her sister’s cheek. “You and Abby could come stay with me.” She whispered the words against Summer’s ear, but the TV was turned so loud, there was no way Dwayne could hear.
Summer pulled back like she’d been burned. “No. I appreciate your help. I do, but we’re fine. I was just tired today. I’m fine now.”
“Okay.” The last thing Autumn wanted to do was push her sister away. “The offer stands.”
“I appreciate it, but we’re fine.” 



Chapter 3
“I fold.” Andrew laid his cards on the table and picked up his scotch.
“I’m out,” said Jude, waving away a haze of cigar smoke. “I’ve had crap all night.”
“I call, little brother. Show me what you got.” Adam and Blake were Jude’s younger twin brothers, but Adam insisted being born first made Blake the younger brother. 
 “Full house,” said Blake. “I’ll take these.” He scooped up the pile of nickels.
“Any more wings?” Adam picked up the empty bowl and headed into Andrew’s kitchen.
“In the oven. Y’all are grown men, how can you still eat like seventeen year olds?” Andrew followed the twins into the kitchen.
“High metabolism.” Blake grabbed a bag of chips and another beer and Jude rolled his eyes.
“I have a very active job,” said Adam.
“Chase many bad guys through the mean streets of downtown lately?” asked Jude.
“Funny.” Adam dumped a cookie sheet of wings into the bowl and grabbed his own beer.
“Wait until you’re on the other side of thirty-five. That’s when it all changes,” said Andrew, taking a puff on his cigar. “High metabolism my ass.”
“Speak for yourself.” Jude took a swallow of scotch. His apartment above the doctor’s office was a couple of blocks away from Andrew’s house. He usually walked to their weekly poker games so he didn’t have to worry about driving after. They’d been meeting like this since the twins got back from college and the police academy and settled into their places in the community. Early on they decided Andrew had the nicest house and the best food. And the best scotch, thought Jude, taking another swallow of the smoky amber liquid.
“I’m gonna ask Autumn Maddox out for dinner,” Andrew declared as he sat back down at the table.
Jude breathed in his scotch and choked. “Easy old man.” Blake pounded on his back.
“Enough,” Jude said on a cough, moving away from his brother’s fist. “I’m okay. Why Autumn?” He knew why. It’d been two weeks since he almost ran her down and he hadn’t been able to forget her. He could still see her impossibly blue eyes and remember the way she smelled – flowers and something warmer, spicier. He did not want to think about his best friend with the woman he couldn’t get out of his head.
“What do you mean why?” Andrew’s brow creased.
“Maddox? Not Colin Maddox’s sister?” asked Adam.
“Yeah, Marion Maddox’s granddaughter,” said Andrew. “Her gran left her the house. I’m handling the estate.”
“Colin Maddox is bad news. I’ve brought him in a half dozen times – everything from domestic abuse to minor drug charges. He’s never done real time, but he should have.”
“She’s Emory Smith’s sister.” With as much time as he’d spent thinking about her the past two weeks he couldn’t believe he hadn’t put it together sooner.
“Maybe. She has an older brother and sister named Smith. But I don’t remember seeing an Emory on the papers,” said Andrew. “Oh god, the guy from our senior year. The one who killed himself and his little brother in that crash out on Route forty?”
Jude nodded, still a little shocked. He couldn’t imagine losing any of his brothers or sisters like that. Let alone two at one time. It must have devastated her.
“Family sounds like bad news.” Blake set the bag of chips on the table, picked up the cards and started to shuffle. “Colin was a prick in school.”
The angry sullen man with the girlfriend in the miniskirt and hooker heels from the funeral didn’t seem to have much in common with the pretty charming young woman he’d met in Andrew’s office. She had even less in common with the reckless kid he barely remembered from senior year. 
“Maybe, but Autumn is something special.” Andrew took a sip of scotch and leaned back in his chair. “She’s sweet, funny and gorgeous. She has the bluest eyes and dark, sexy curls perfect for sinking your fingers into.”
Jude hated listening to his friend reduce Autumn to a list a characteristics, yet he couldn’t help but nod in agreement. Those blue eyes had shown up in his dreams on more than one occasion in the past few weeks.
“God, and that body. Lush curves and eminently fuckable.”
Blake and Adam murmured their appreciation at Andrew’s description and Jude wondered who he should pound first, his brothers or his best friend. Everything inside him screamed Mine, which made no sense at all. She probably remembered him because of the car thing, but he didn’t have any reason to think she liked him let alone liked him like that.
“Yep.” Andrew nodded. “I’m going to take her out for dinner and anything else she’s up for.”
“No.” He didn’t shout, but the word held enough force to have the three other men turning to look at Jude, eyebrows raised.
“Something I should know?” Andrew stared at him, waiting.
Jude stammered, trying to find something to say that would take the focus off of his reaction. “I just meant she’s not planning on staying in town, is she? Her whole life is back in the city.”
“I don’t know about that. She didn’t seem in a hurry to get back to whatever she left.” Andrew looked at him, still puzzled. “And I wasn’t talking about marriage, just having a little fun. She looks like she’d be a lot of fun.”
Jude’s hands clenched and his jaw tightened. There was no way Andrew was going to be “having a little fun” with Autumn. Not if he had anything to say about it.
“Aren’t you tired of using women for sex?”
The twins choked in tandem on their beers.
“Why on God’s green earth would he be tired of that?” asked Blake while Adam coughed and nodded.
Both the twins and Andrew dated their fair share of women. Hell, he had, too. They were honest about their intentions, and hurt feelings – if there were any – rarely went beyond minor disappointments. But the idea of Autumn being someone’s good time was more than he could stand. He flexed his fists and gritted his teeth.
“You like her.” Andrew looked at him, appraising. “I didn’t think you even knew her.”
“I don’t. I just met her.”
“Doesn’t matter,” said Andrew, shaking his head. “You like her. Fine, if you want her, I won‘t ask her out, but you better hurry. I’m not going to wait forever.”
Jude wasn’t sure how he’d let himself get roped into asking out Autumn Maddox, but if it kept Andrew from sniffing around her, he’d take it.
“I gotta get out of here. Busy day tomorrow.” Jude tossed back the last of his scotch in a hurry to get away from his friend’s too perceptive gaze. He stood, steadying his chair when it wobbled. He wasn’t drunk – not exactly – but that last drink went down quick. Good thing he walked to Andrew’s. Otherwise he’d have to wait until he sobered up, or even worse, hitch a ride with one of his brothers. “Later,” he said, making his way to the door before anyone could say anything else about Autumn.

He didn’t mean to walk past her house. He’d had more to drink than usual, and he thought a walk would sober him up. It was cool, but not cold. Summer was over, and fall hadn’t really begun yet. After the heat and smoke of Andrew’s place, the cool air helped clear his head.
He walked block after block replaying his reaction to his friend’s intention to date Autumn. It didn’t make sense. He didn’t know her, but his gut didn’t seem to care. When he thought about her with Andrew, his stomach tightened. 
And now he’d openly declared his own intention to ask her out.
He and Andrew never fought over women. One of them gave the other a look and they knew that one was off limits. It didn’t require them to talk or share their feelings and up until tonight, it had worked beautifully. But he didn’t have any illusions. If he didn’t hurry up and ask Autumn out, Andrew would do it just to fuck with him. What were best friends for?
He didn’t realize where his path had taken him until he looked up from his feet and into the window of Marion Maddox’s pretty if slightly worn, Victorian. Unlike the stately homes nestled on the tree-lined streets in the older part of town or the few plantation houses like the one he’d grown up in that stood while the town spread around them like live oaks, the Maddox place was a little jewelry box of a house. The paint was peeling and the gingerbread trim had fallen off in places, but it was impossible to see the house and not picture what it must have looked like in its prime.
It wasn’t the trim that held his attention. Silhouetted in the window, Autumn brushed her hair. The thin cotton gown she wore offered no obstacle to his hungry gaze. If anything, the shadow of the fabric, translucent in the light, accentuated her lush curves. 
The soft swell of her breast. The way her waist dipped to meet the roundness of hip and gently curving bottom. Jude stood on the sidewalk transfixed. He should turn away. He knew he was seeing something private. She couldn’t know how the single light from the dresser exposed her.
He should look away. He would; in just a minute he’d turn from the window and wind his way back to the apartment above his office. 
She turned first, shifting her body sideways and raising her arm to brush her hair.
Sweet Jesus on the cross.
Her head tipped back as she drew the brush through her hair and the position showed the outline of her breast, the soft swell and pointed tip clearly visible beneath the cotton gown. His mouth actually watered.
Okay, he’d respect her privacy and turn away and then tomorrow he’d ask her out. Solid plan, turn and walk away. Just turn.
The brush froze mid-stroke, and Autumn turned to face him. Realizing how bad it would look to be caught leering at her from the sidewalk, Jude backed up fast. Too fast given the last scotch. He stumbled, catching himself before he fell, but it was enough time for her to reach the window and throw open the sash.
“What the hell do you think you’re doing out there?” She leaned out the window to stare at him. “Jude? Jude Southerland, what are you doing peeking in my window?”
What was he supposed to say? I didn’t mean to come here. I looked and you were there – the most beautiful woman I’ve ever seen. I wanted to turn away but I was spellbound.
“You need to close your curtains. Anyone walking past here could see everything.” Smooth, very smooth. She’d definitely have dinner with him now. Christ, he ought to just call Andrew and tell him to go ahead; Jude was out of the equation. The thought made his fists clench.
She looked from the light on the dresser down to her nightgown. He could tell the moment she realized what she’d been showing off because she wrapped her arms around her breasts, hugging herself tight. But she didn’t back up or hide in shame.
“That doesn’t give you the right to stand on my sidewalk like some kind of peeping Tom, Dr. Southerland.” She punched the word doctor and he knew he was screwed. It was the same tone Mary, his momma’s housekeeper, used to use on him or his brothers when they’d tracked mud across her clean floors or eaten the pie that was meant for dinner.
It was no use arguing. Retreat seemed the best choice. Out of options, he bowed his head to her and turned and walked away without another word or backward glance.
 


Chapter 4
Autumn gave herself a couple of days after the peeping Tom incident to screw up enough courage to stop by Jude’s office. She told herself it was to thank him for taking care of her gran, but she hadn’t been able to get him out of her head. He kept sneaking in when she wasn’t paying attention.
He should be embarrassed, not her, but the expression on his face when she caught him watching her had been so raw – so full of desire. It had shaken her more than she was comfortable admitting. What would it be like to be wanted that much?
She took a deep breath and opened the office door. Just a quick word of thanks to the doctor and she could be on her way.
When the frazzled woman behind the desk saw she wasn’t a mother with a sick child, her relief was palpable. “He’s not here,” she said, digging through the mountain of papers on the desk and muttering. “And when he comes back, I’m going to quit.” She blew out a breath and ran a hand through her hair. “I’m sorry. My name is Kristen. Can I help you with something?”
“I was going to ask you the same thing.”
“You don’t have a secret affinity for paperwork do you?”
“As a matter of fact, paperwork is a specialty of mine,” said Autumn.
Kristen looked at her like her like she was holding a winning lottery ticket. “Seriously? You wouldn’t mess with a woman on the edge, would you?”
“Tell me what you need,” said Autumn with a smile. “I’d be happy to help.”
“God, I owe you. You have no idea,” said Kristen. “But I have to hire you. You can’t handle patient records unless you’re an employee. Just until Nancy comes back from maternity leave. Please say yes.”
Autumn thought for a moment, but a job would be a Godsend in so many ways. It gave her an excuse to stay in town and would keep her from depleting her already thin savings.
“Yes.”
Kristen eyes lit and her face split in a grin. “Perfect,” she said reaching over the desk to give Autumn an impromptu hug. “Let me show you where to start.”

Jude blew through the back door after his house call to Mr. Stevenson, prepared to face the wrath of Kristen. The old man had been a friend of his grandfather’s, and Jude made a point to stop in to see him every few months. He was still healthy as a horse but lonely and he kept Jude much longer than he’d planned.
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry,” he said, pushing open the office door. “I know I’m late.” He turned the corner and ran head on into Autumn Maddox.
The stack of papers she was carrying flew out of her arms and scattered over the floor.
“What are you doing here?” He hadn’t meant to sound like he was accusing her of something. He also hadn’t expected to run into the woman who was playing a starring role in his dreams at night.
“Kristen hired me,” Autumn said, dropping to her knees to gather the papers. “She said you needed office help until Nancy comes back.”
“I do. I’m sorry. I’m glad you’re here,” he said, scrambling to get his foot out of his mouth and pick up the papers. He looked up so she could see he was sincere and ended up staring down the front of her dress. 
He tried to close his mouth and look away.  Really he did, but his brain stuttered over the way her pale blue bra held her gorgeous full breasts. Regardless of his best intentions, his eyes stayed glued to the blue lace framing her creamy curves.
He could tell the moment she realized what he was looking at because she leaned back, clutching the papers to her chest. She hurried to her feet, reaching out to take the rest of the papers without ever looking him in the eye.
Perfect. Just perfect.
Now she’d think he was a stalking sexual harasser. His day could not get any better. 

Working for Jude was the last thing she expected. But it turned out she liked filing patient records and organizing insurance claims. 
The work was a balm for her wounded spirit, too. Instead of moving money around on a computer screen, she soothed sick children and cooed with new mothers over their babies.
She wasn’t a nurse so she couldn’t do much more than show patients into examining rooms, but it was real work. Something tangible that made a difference in people’s lives. She liked the office work, too. She could tell Nancy had done a good job setting things up, but left to their own devices, Jude and Kristen had made a mess of things. 
It hadn’t taken long for Autumn to straighten things out. Kristen’s gratitude endeared her even more to Autumn, who had grown to really like the younger woman. Over lunches and breaks they’d managed the start of a tentative friendship. Like everyone who’d grown up in town, there were a million ways they were connected, but mostly they bonded over the satisfaction of a meaningful job done well.
She was even getting used to seeing Jude every day. After the collision and the first awkward afternoon when he’d come back from lunch to find her working in his office, things between them had been civil. He never mentioned standing outside her window, and he was flawlessly polite to her. 
If the heat still sparked between them, she could learn to ignore it, even if she didn’t think she’d ever get used to it. He was her boss – at least temporarily – and she didn’t date co-workers. Not that he’d asked her. 
He wouldn’t ask her. He was a Southerland. They were adults now, not kids in high school, but in some ways that made the divide even bigger. His family was one of the most respected in the town; hers was a disaster. He needed a wife who could mix with the Ladies Auxiliary and host luncheons for the Daughters of the Confederacy. Her pedigree would never hold up to that kind of scrutiny. Hell, she didn’t even know her own father, let alone the rest of her family tree.
It was better that way. The last thing she needed was to get mixed up with Jude Southerland. She’d had more important things to concentrate on than her love life or lack of one.
Now that she knew not to expect anything else – like an indictment – from her old job, she wanted a chance to build a life for herself and for Summer and Abby. She’d already started repainting Gran’s house. She told herself that freshening the place up was a good idea even if she didn’t stay in town. 
The truth was she wanted to stay.
She liked it. She knew almost everyone and if some of the older ladies still looked at her like one of those unfortunate Maddox children, more of them, like Mrs. Mayhew, were willing to give her the benefit of the doubt because of her Gran. The longer she stayed in town the better it was bound to get.
She’d paint her house, convince Summer to leave Dwayne and come live with her, and she’d stop thinking about Jude.
As if called by the devil, the door opened and he poked his head into the office. “There’s a patient out here I could use some help with.” His grin told her there was nothing to worry about.
She followed him down the hallway and into one of the examination rooms. Summer sat in the molded plastic patient’s chair with Abby nestled on her lap.
“Hey Abracadabra, what’s going on?”
The little girl gave her a watery smile. She managed a breathy “hi” before she started to cough. Summer held her tighter and Autumn looked at Jude, wanting reassurance that it was nothing more serious than a cold.
“Let me guess,” he said, sitting on the black vinyl rolling stool universally reserved for doctors. “You’re here for a stomach ache.”
The little girl shook her head.
“Foot hurts?”
Another shake accompanied by the dry, barking cough.
Jude looked through the chart and smiled reassuringly at Summer. “No fever. Immunizations up to date. Elbow?”
Abby shook her head and grinned up at him. She opened her mouth to speak, but Jude put his finger in front of her lips. “Wait. I think I’ve got it this time.” He pulled a pen light from his pocket and picked up a tongue depressor.  “Open wide.” He took a few moments to look into her throat. “Just what I thought.”
Abby gazed up at Jude from the circle of her mother’s arms, her large round eyes making her look owlish. “What?”
“You’ve got a frog in your throat.”
“No, I don’t,” she said and then coughed.
“You do. See he croaked. Don’t talk.” He put his finger to her lips again and then turned his attention to Summer. “It’s irritated, but it doesn’t look like strep. Does she have any other symptoms?”
“No, she woke up with the cough and complaining of a sore throat. She doesn’t have a fever, but I didn’t want to send her to school.”
Autumn watched Summer cradling Abby on her lap and she was struck again by the fact her baby sister was a mother. And, with the exception of her crappy taste in boyfriends, a very good mother. It made her proud and even more determined to get Abby and Summer away from Dwayne.
“You did the right thing. I could give you a prescription if you want, but I think over-the-counter cough medicine and rest is all that she needs. That and a few popsicles to chase the frog out.” 
He stroked Abby’s cheek and Autumn felt her heart clutch. Watching him take care of her niece and put her sister at ease wasn’t doing a thing to settle the butterflies in her own stomach. 
“I bet your aunt could get you some popsicles.” 
There was that grin again, the one that made her knees shaky. Unwilling to look too closely at her own feelings, Autumn nodded to Abby. “You bet. I’ll bring them by after I get off work.”
“You don’t have to do that,” said Summer.
“I know. I want to.”
“If you ladies are okay, I think I have a boy with a weasel waiting for me in the other exam room. I imagine the frog will have moved on in a day or two, but if it doesn’t or you’re worried about anything, just bring her back.” He smiled at each of them, saving Autumn for last. When he moved past her she could smell the clean citrus scent of his aftershave and she fought the urge to lean closer. 
Her thoughts must have shown on her face because when she turned to face Summer, her sister was staring at her.
“Really.”
“What?”
“You like Dr, McHottie,” said Summer. Abby giggled up at her mother and then coughed. “Sorry baby.”
“Do not.” Autumn felt her cheeks flame. There was no way she was talking about Jude Southerland here.
“Do too,” Summer teased and some of the worry eased from around her eyes.
“Don’t you have to go get cough syrup?”
“I’ve got some at home – grape flavored. I just wanted to make sure it wasn’t strep or something serious.” She gave Abby a squeeze. “We’ll go home and have cough syrup and hot tea, baby girl.”
“I’ll bring popsicles by after work. What kind do you like?”
“Grape,” said Abby. “I like grape icicle pops.”
Autumn smiled at the way her niece twisted the words. She could see her sister start to say something and then catch herself. Good. She wanted Summer to let her be part of their lives. She hadn’t realized how much she’d missed her sister until she got her back. She didn’t want to miss her anymore.
“Thanks. That would be nice. And maybe then you can tell me what’s going on between you and Dr. McHottie.”
“There’s nothing going on.”
Summer gave her a look which said she didn’t believe her, picked up Abby and followed Autumn out of the door.

“Excuse me, Mrs. Dunman.” Autumn caught the immaculately dressed woman as she reached the front door.
“Yes, dear?” The older woman turned to face her but didn’t take her hand off the door knob. “Can I help you with something?”
Autumn glanced around the room even though she knew there were no patients in the waiting room. “It’s about your bill, ma’am,” she said in a stage whisper.
“What about it?” Mrs. Dunman’s friendly smile vanished, replaced by pursed lips and a sour expression. 
“I need you to take care of it, ma’am.” Autumn met the woman’s steely glare with her own determined one.
“Nonsense, dear. I have insurance.” She turned back to the door.
Her family was old money and her late husband owned the town’s only car dealership. She inherited everything. She had money. It was getting her to part with any of it that was the challenge. “I know, Mrs. Dunman, but I need you to take care of the part the insurance doesn’t pay.”
The older woman walked back to the counter where Autumn sat, a cloud of Chanel leading the way. “You’re new here, dear. You must not know. Bless your heart.” She said it in a way that showed she thought being new was the least of Autumn’s sins. “Kristen always sends me a bill.”
“Oh, I know that.” She set a thick folder on the counter and flipped it open to the first page. “I just need you to take care of the co-pay for today’s visit and your past due balance from your last.” She flipped through pages. “Three visits. Here’s your total.” She slid a paper across the counter to Mrs. Dunman. “I’ll be happy to take a check.” She smiled pleasantly and waited. And waited.
Mrs. Dunman’s lips pursed tighter and tighter until they were a thin line. Finally she set her hand bag on the counter and undid the clasp.

Autumn was holding the check and smiling when Jude came out front.
“What’s that?”
She handed him the check and watched his eyes go round when he read the name.
“You got old lady Dunman to pay us. You are a miracle worker.”
“She can afford to pay her bill.”
“Of course she can. She’s got more money than Midas. I’ve just never been able to get any of it.”
“Well, she doesn’t have to like me. I don’t imagine I could get more than pity and condescension from her anyway. I’ll be the bad cop.”
Jude arched an eyebrow and looked puzzled. “And the effective one.” He locked the front door and flipped the closed sign. “That’s a cute kid your sister has.” 
“I know. She’s smart, too, and funny. I’m crazy about her.” Autumn was still amazed at how easy it had been to fall in love with the little girl.
“Your sister seems like a good mom.”
“She is,” said Autumn, thinking to herself. “Amazing really, considering our mother.” Oh God, she did not just bring up her irresponsible, alcoholic mother in front of Dr. Jude Southerland. Great. Way to highlight the chasm between their families. She was sure Mrs. Southerland had never gone off with a man and left her kids to fend for themselves or tried to lose herself in the bottom of a bottle.
The Southerland kids didn’t live in the trailer park or have regular run-ins with the law. Hell, they were the law. They’d grown up to be a cop, a soldier, business owners, an executive and of course, a doctor. 
They’d all grown up. None of them had gotten drunk and wrecked their car, killing themselves and their baby brother.
What was she thinking? It didn’t matter how many years had gone by, there was no way Jude Southerland would be interested in a Maddox. In her.
“You were really good with her. I bet she’s still looking for that frog.” 
He came up behind her, stopping to look over her shoulder at the computer screen. She felt the heat of him against her back and smelled his aftershave, warm from his body. Her heart drummed so loud she was sure he could hear it and would prescribe blood pressure medicine for her.
“You’re really good at this. I mean it. I know I haven’t said it often enough, but I really appreciate you filling in.” She felt his hand hover and then land on her shoulder. His fingertips strayed under her hair to the skin at the base of her neck. His touch sent a jolt through her body and she fought to stay in the chair and not jump up and run away. 
He must have felt it, too, because he yanked his hand back like he’d been burned.
“You can go. Go get the popsicles. I can shut everything else off.”
There was no use fighting the command in his voice. Dismissed, she grabbed her bag and went out the back not sure whether to miss the feel of his hand or be grateful he’d let her go.

What the hell was he thinking, touching her? He knew better, but ever since that night at her window all he’d been able to think about was getting his hands on her. He’d made a plan to ask her out, and then he came back to the office to find her working. For him.
He couldn’t date her. He wouldn’t break that rule, but he had thought about firing her. He’d never do it, but he couldn’t help but think about it. Not because she wasn’t doing a good job. She did a great job, but he could find someone else to file. No one but Autumn was playing a starring role in his dreams every night. 
Working with her made it worse. The physical attraction was an instant searing heat, but as they’d worked together, he’d started to get to know her – her sense of duty and responsibility. She was meticulous and detail oriented, but she was also kind and sweet and great with his patients. She made worried mothers relax a little and new mothers beam brighter. She paid attention to everyone.
Even the gray-haired male population had started to come to see him without it looking like their wives were dragging them by the hand. He sure as hell wasn’t the one they were so eager to see. It was Autumn with her open smile, tousled dark curls and pretty blue eyes. She wore those skinny skirts with silky blouses and sexy 1950’s housewife dresses which cinched in her waist and showed off her curves.
He couldn’t seem to make himself stop thinking about those curves. He shut down the computer and flipped off the lights. The chair was still warm from her body and the spicy floral scent she wore hung in the air. He sat in the dark, breathing it in and imagining what it would be like to smell it on the soft skin behind her ear, along her neck, in the valley between her breasts.
He should never have touched her, but she’d been sitting right there in front of him. It seemed like the most natural thing in the world to let his hand rest on her shoulder. Before he realized, his fingers slid under her hair to the warm skin beneath.
Maybe he could convince Nancy to come back from maternity leave. Then he could fire Autumn, drag her upstairs, and get her under him. He could spend days with his hands on her, with his mouth on her, pleasing them both and burning her out of his system.
Who was he kidding? Nancy wasn’t coming back early – if at all. And even if Autumn didn’t work for him anymore, it was no guarantee he’d get his hands on her. Half the time he wasn’t even sure she liked him let alone wanted him like he wanted her. Normally cool and in control – he was a doctor for Christ’s sake – he felt like a stumbling ass around her. 
He turned the lock and pulled the door shut behind him. At least dinner with the family would take his mind off things. With all nine of them at the table it was so noisy he couldn’t hear himself think. 
Tonight it would just be the eight of them. It hadn’t been nine since Travis left for Afghanistan. He and the rest of the family were counting the days until his baby brother came home for good. 
Not eight, seven, he remembered, Taylor was still in Charlottesville. She’d begged off this week because of her job. Thank God, she’d found something she seemed to enjoy. He said a silent prayer, hoping she’d stick this time and slid behind the wheel of the Jag to drive the short distance to Avanel.
His boyhood home had been in the Southerland family for generations. It had started as a cotton plantation, somehow managing to survive the war. The family had chosen or been forced, depending on who told the story, to sell off the land and the rest of the town had grown up around it. It stood, a quiet beauty, behind the magnolias which were almost as old as the house itself.
Jude pulled his car around back to the carriage house his dad converted into a garage and workshop. Daddy had been too busy working to support them and loving Momma to build much of anything, but it had given them a place to hang out. On the rare occasions his parents fought, his dad retreated to the workshop, but he never stayed long enough to finish a project. 
When Jude saw the Porsche already waiting in the drive, he groaned. Andrew was here. He should have expected it. Andrew spent almost as much time in this house as he had. When his schedule allowed, which was often, he came for family dinner.
Of course he’d be here, and he’d ask about Autumn, probably in front of his mom just to mess with him. Blake and Adam would jump on the train and Rachel and Bailey would ferret out anything the twins and Andrew didn’t manage. He paused with his hand on the door handle. Maybe it wasn’t too late to make a clean getaway. No one had seen him yet.
Chicken. He’d never get away with it. He lived in town. His sisters drove over an hour to get home for family dinner. There was no way his mom would let him out of it.
His hesitation cost him his escape. The door pulled out of his grasp and Taylor beamed out at him.
“Thank God you’re here. Get in,” she said, tugging on his arm. “Maybe they’ll stop fixing my life and work on finding a wife for you.”
“Hey.” He dragged her in for a hug. “What are you doing home? I thought the job was keeping you in Charlottesville tonight.”
“We’re not talking about that now.” She took in his expression and poked her finger in his chest. “I mean it Jude – not tonight.”
Oh no, not again. His little sister was sweet and smart and gifted at so many things. She just couldn’t seem to settle on one thing. She’d been flitting back and forth for years now. He lifted her chin and saw the sadness in her eyes before she pulled her face out of his hand.
“Alright,” he said, squeezing her before letting go. “But I expect you to be on my side. Deflect, baby girl, deflect.”
She grinned up at him, without committing to anything and pulled him by the hand into the noisy kitchen. “Not if you call me that,” she said under her breath.
“You’re late, darlin’.” His mother’s soft drawl matched everything about her. Elegant, proper, perfectly gentile, and strong as steel. She’d been his world growing up, a constant loving presence behind everything he did. She cupped his face in her hands and he bent to kiss her soft cheek. The familiar scent of Shalimar surrounded him.
“Hey Momma.” He looked behind him and saw Andrew grinning at him, with the twins standing beside him. “Daddy.” His dad sat in his chair, the wingback reserved just for him and sipped what looked like bourbon.
His dad raised his glass but didn’t get up. Taylor wove her way past Andrew and the twins and went to perch on the arm of their father’s chair. Another look around the room and he still didn’t see his other sisters. 
“Where are the girls?”
“Just what we were wondering,” said Andrew, the twins nodding their agreement. “We thought you might bring someone with you tonight.”
Jude tried to give him a look that promised payback before the night ended, but Andrew wouldn’t be deterred. 
“Weren’t you going to ask out Autumn Maddox?” Adam looked from Jude to his twin. 
Blake nodded soberly. “It’s been almost a month since he said he was going to ask her out. We all thought she’d be ready for family dinner by now.” 
Jude glared. They were yanking his chain. He’d never brought anyone home for family dinner. None of them had.
His mother looked up at him with eyes which were far too discerning, and he fought the urge to murder his brothers where they stood.
“What’d I miss?” Bailey came in from the dining room. Jude used the distraction to take a step away from his mother.
“Jude’s got a girlfriend. He was supposed to bring her tonight.” Taylor gazed at him with a look that said she was all too happy to feed him to the wolves and that she trusted him not to retaliate. She knew him well enough to know he wouldn’t tease her about something as raw as her job – whatever had happened to it.
“I do not have a girlfriend.”
“What happened?” Andrew asked with mock concern. He knew perfectly well what happened. He was just screwing with him. “She didn’t turn you down did she?”
“No,” Jude said through gritted teeth. His mother still watched him like a hawk, ready to pounce on any clue. “You know I didn’t ask her out. She’s working for me, filling in until Nancy gets back.”
“Much better idea, Son.” His dad raised his glass again, the same drink Jude bet he’d been nursing all night. “Women are a lot of trouble.”
“John!” scolded his mother.
“Daddy,” Bailey and Taylor said in unison. Taylor swatted his arm and he grinned up at her affectionately.
“Not you, darlin’. You’re expensive but not too much trouble.” Even across the room, Jude saw the hurt in his sister’s eyes and the fact their father was completely oblivious to it. “Or you, Emily love. Now Bailey is a different story.”
Bailey snorted. Running her own restaurant at Mountain Lake, a resort community, she was one of the most settled of all of them and had caused his parents the least amount of trouble growing up.
“Yes, Daddy, I know I was a trial for you. But I made you shrimp and grits to compensate. It’s on the dining room table, getting cold.”
“Can’t have that.” His father nudged Taylor off the arm of his chair and rose. “Let’s eat. I’m starving.” 
 


Chapter 5
Autumn barely opened her car door before the screen on her sister’s trailer banged open. Summer stood in the door, practically vibrating and her eyes red rimmed.
“Honey, what’s wrong?  Is Abby okay?” Panic gripped Autumn’s stomach. Jude said it was a simple cold. Had something more serious happened?
“She’s okay. Well, same as before.”
“What’s wrong?”
“He promised me he wouldn’t do it again. I told him it irritated her throat.”
“Who promised what, Summer?” She asked the question, but she already knew the answer. That asshole Dwayne had done something and it was making Abby sick.
“Dwayne. I don’t know what he’s working on in that bedroom.” As she said the words her eyes slid to the side. Maybe not, Autumn thought, but she has her suspicions. “But I told him not to do it with Abby in the house. The fumes bother her.”
Autumn pushed past her sister and took a deep breath. The house smelled sweet, like burnt sugar or vanilla air freshener with the lingering faint traces of something that smelled like cat urine. It wasn’t strong, but it was noticeable.
“I aired it out, but you can still smell it, can’t you?”
Autumn nodded. “What is it?”
“Some stupid money making scheme he’s working on. I don’t know; he won’t tell me about it. He keeps the door locked.” She motioned to the room with the extra lock Autumn saw the last time she’d visited. 
That couldn’t be good.
“I tried to stay off his back. He’s trying to provide for us, but I told him the smell irritated Abby’s throat. When we got back from the doctor’s, he was gone and the house smelled horrible.”
Her sister looked defeated. Autumn doubted Dwayne was concerned with being a good provider but it didn’t seem like the moment to point that out. She also thought Summer didn’t want to know what he was up to. The lock on the mystery room door was stronger than the one on the front door, but surely she could get her hands on Dwayne’s key. The walls were paper thin. If she wanted to get into the room, she could. 
Autumn didn’t think she wanted to which was okay. She didn’t have to know what was going on; she just had to get Abby and Summer out of there. Maybe this would be the push she needed.
“Where’s Abby?”
“Laying down in her room. Her door was closed. The smell wasn’t bad in there.”
Autumn had already started to get used to the sick sweet smell. If she didn’t get Summer to leave soon, she wouldn’t get her to go. She opened Abby’s door a crack and peered inside. The little girl slept in a tangle of covers, her small face smooth and untroubled. As she watched, her little chest heaved and she coughed the same barking cough she had at Jude’s office. Autumn felt Summer flinch beside her.
“We have to get her out of here.” She tried to say the words as gently as she could, hiding the anger she felt. Summer started to open her mouth but before she could protest, Autumn interrupted. “At least for tonight. Just until she feels better. Come on sweetie, grab some clothes and come home with me. We’ll have a sleepover. It will be like old times.”
Summer hesitated, but when Abby’s brow wrinkled in sleep and her breath came out in a rasp, she nodded.
“Okay, for tonight. Thanks.”

Kids were amazing. Abby slept while they buckled her into the booster seat Summer put in Autumn’s car. She slept while her mother carried her into the house and only woke up when Summer laid her down on the bed that had been hers as a girl. Autumn followed them up the stairs, carrying both their bags. 
“Where are we? Where’s bunny?” She squeezed her small fists in her eyes and then blinked up at them, owlishly.
Autumn unzipped the little pink backpack to grab the well loved bunny she’d tucked inside. She pulled the rabbit out by his velvety soft ears and smelled the nasty sweet odor from the trailer.
“I think bunny needs a bath. Your momma and I will give him one and get him back to you all clean and fresh.”
“Did you bring my icicle pops?” She sat up, the rabbit momentarily forgotten. 
Autumn groaned. “I did, sweetness, but I forgot and left them in my car. They’re probably a grape puddle by now.” Please let the wrappers hold. Otherwise, she be cleaning sticky grape off the floorboards of her ancient Volvo.
“Oh, okay.”
She didn’t whine or complain and it made Autumn proud and broke her heart at the same time. She was glad Abby wasn’t spoiled, but she hated that she seemed so used to disappointments. That wouldn’t work. Aunts were supposed to spoil their nieces.
“Tell you what, why don’t you and your mom take a nap and I’ll go get some more. I’ll be back before you wake up.”
“You don’t have to do that.” Summer sounded used to disappointments, too.
“Yes, I do. It’s what aunts do.” She gave her sister a squeeze. “Stay with her. I’ll be back in a couple of minutes.” 
She picked up the bags she’d just carried upstairs and took them downstairs to the laundry. She opened the washer and dumped in the contents of the pink back pack, including the rabbit. Now that she wasn’t used to it any more, the smell was strong again. What was it? She put the stuffed animal to her nose and sniffed. Not exactly chemicals. It smelled sweet and burnt with the underlying smell of ammonia or cat urine. 
What the hell was Dwayne doing?
She did not need to know. Dwayne Foster could blow himself to kingdom come as long as her sister and Abby were away from him. She’d never say it out loud, but the world would be a better place without him.
She dropped the rabbit on top of the rest of the load, dumped in a healthy dollop of detergent and went out to buy some grape icicle pops.

She came home with bread dough, cheese, and sauce to make pizza, two kinds of grape popsicles, Magnum bars for her and Summer and a bottle of wine. She’d also stopped at the town’s only Redbox and picked up a Disney princess movie for Abby and a completely girlie romantic comedy for them to watch on the old DVD player her siblings left behind in their scavenge. 
When she came into the kitchen carrying her loot, Summer was transferring the load from the washer to the dryer and filling the washer with her own clothes. She looked miserable. Autumn wanted desperately to ease some of her burden. 
Growing up, Summer had been light and sunny like her name. That memory was hard to reconcile with the sad, tired woman standing in front of her. She must have heard her because she turned from a t-shirt she was smelling to face her. 
“I hope you don’t mind.” She motioned to the washer. “My clothes stink of it, too.”
“Course not. This is your house.” She understood why Gran had left her the house instead of leaving it to Summer, but it didn’t matter whose name was on the deed. In her mind it belonged to both of them.
Summer smiled a sad, small smile. “It’s not, but I appreciate it. I appreciate you letting us stay.”
Autumn wanted to grab her sister and hug her, tell her to leave the ass and live here. Summer looked so fragile she was afraid to spook her. “I’m glad you’re here. I get lonely.” That was at least part of the truth, even if she didn’t say everything she wanted to say. 
She started unloading the grocery bags. Thank God for her job at Jude’s. She wanted to feed her sister and Abby and make sure they had everything they needed. She would have happily blown through her savings to take care of them, but the job meant she didn’t have to. She could hold onto, at least for now, the tiny nest egg which was all she had left from her big career in the city.
She paused in loading the frozen treats into Gran’s ancient top door freezer. The loss of her job didn’t feel so raw anymore. If she still had the job, she wouldn’t be here with Summer and Abby. There’s no way she could have taken off this much time to spend with her family. This was better, she thought, smiling to herself. This was much better.
Abby came padding barefoot into the kitchen, wearing Princess Sofia jammies. Her sandy blonde hair stuck up on one side and she had a wrinkle from the pillow on her face, but her breathing was even and quiet with no sign of the cough. 
“Hola Abracadabra. Did you have a good nap?” Autumn swung the little girl up onto a stool at the work table in the center of the kitchen.
“I know that word. It’s Spanish. It means hello.”
“Right you are, kiddo.”
“That was a lot of talking and no coughing.” Summer kissed her daughter’s forehead. “Think the frog is gone?”
“I think I still need icicle pops to be sure.” She looked expectantly to her aunt.
“Coming up.” Autumn held up one each of the grape popsicles she’d bought and watched in delight as Abby’s eyes lit up. “Which one?”
“Can I have two?” She looked to her mother for permission and Summer kissed her again smiling.
“One at a time. You can have one now and one after dinner.”
“Score,” Autumn said with a wink. “Which first?” Abby pointed and Autumn cut the top off the chosen pop before handing it to her. “How about you? I got big girl ones, too.” She waved the box of chocolate Magnum popsicles in front of her sister.
Summer laughed. “Maybe after dinner.”
“I think we need to do both, too. Just to keep the frogs away. One before and one after.” She took two of the decadent treats out of the box and handed one to her sister before opening her own. She took a bite of the popsicle and moaned in pleasure at the creamy ice cream wrapped in caramel and good chocolate. “God, I love these.”
Summer took a bite and let her eyes drift closed. “I forgot how good these were.”
The three of them munched in companionable silence around the table. When nothing was left but sticky fingers Autumn saw Abby looking at her sister, gauging her mother’s response.
“After dinner,” Summer said before the little girl could ask.
“Go wash your hands. You can help fix dinner. I got stuff to make pizza.”
“Yeah!” she yelled and then had to stop to cough. Still it wasn’t nearly as bad as it had been.
“Easy there, Abracadabra. Go wash up.” Autumn turned to see her sister watching her with tears in her eyes. “What is it? The cough isn’t too bad.”
“It’s not that.” She swiped her hands at her eyes. “I don’t know what it is. I’m just glad you’re home. I missed you.”
Autumn took her hand and gave it a squeeze as her own eyes filled. “Me too. I missed you , too.”
Abby came back into the room and looked from her mother to her aunt, her brow wrinkling. “What’s wrong?”
“Nothing, honey.” Summer helped her climb back into the stool while Autumn went to fetch the ingredients for the pizza. “Everything is fine.”

They watched the credits roll as the hero and heroine drove off into their happily ever after. The pizza was nothing but crumbs and empty popsicle sticks, juice boxes, and an almost empty wine bottle littered the coffee table. Abby slept wedged in between them on the couch, her head on Summer’s lap and her little feet pressing into Autumn’s thigh.
Summer sighed. “Did you ever think it could be like that?”
“Like what? Crazy family, big wedding?”
“Like one guy willing to do anything to help you, to love you.”
Autumn thought for a minute before she answered. She wanted to believe in true love and happily ever afters, but the truth was she wasn’t sure any more. Nothing had worked out the way she thought it would. What if believing in one true love was like putting her faith in Chase and Maxwell? Regardless, she knew there were lots of choices better than Dwayne Foster.
“Yes. I guess I still do.” Saying it out loud felt almost like making a wish. 
“Maybe it’s Dr. McHottie.”
Autumn was shocked by how much she wanted that to be true. 
“No, even if I was interested, which I’m not,” she lied. “There’s no way he’d get serious about me. I’m not doctor’s wife material – at least not in this town.”
She didn’t have to explain why to Summer. She understood exactly how far apart her world was from Jude Southerland’s. They shared a crazy family.
“I’m not sure that’s true anymore. Momma’s been dead for years and people in this town really loved Gran. She belonged to the Garden Club and the Ladies Auxiliary until she got too sick to go to meetings. You might be surprised.”
“She knew who her family was back generations. I don’t even know my grandparents except for Gran.”
“That doesn’t matter.” But Autumn heard the doubt in her sister’s voice.
“It does. The Southerland’s are a founding family. I can’t think of anything more respectable than them. They can trace their family back to Europe before Columbus. I don’t even know who my father is.” It had been a long time since she’d felt the stigma of that, but she felt it now. “Why are we talking about this? Jude Southerland isn’t interested in me and I am not interested in him.”
“If you say so,” said Summer, clearly skeptical.
“I’m not.” Maybe if she said it often enough she could convince herself.

“I am so glad you could see me today Doctor Southerland.” Old Mrs. Morris settled herself in the exam room chair, clutching her handbag in a death grip on her lap in case a purse snatcher jumped up from behind the table. “I need to get my flu shot before it’s too late.”
“Of course, Mrs. Morris. I’ll be happy to help you with that but you didn’t need to make an appointment for a flu shot. You could just walk-in or even get it at the Wal-Mart out on 460.” 
She looked at him with the same expression she’d used when he and Adam ran through her flower beds as boys, knocking down her prize daylilies.
“I don’t think a body should get medical treatment from the same place people buy tires and groceries.”
“Of course, ma’am. I’ll be happy to take care of it.” At least it gave him something to do besides obsess about Autumn. 
He didn’t generally schedule appointments on Saturday. With the exception of some of his older patients like Mrs. Morris, Kristen kept Saturdays open for walk-ins. They only worked a half day and most of that was spent dealing with sick kids.
Usually he and Kristen could handle Saturday hours alone, but Kristen had taken off for her sister’s wedding. Autumn came in to fill in for her. It was okay; they hadn’t had many patients. The rush of back-to-school colds seemed to be over and flu season hadn’t started. But it meant there’d been precious little to distract him from Autumn.
She’d worn one of those sexy 1950’s housewife dresses with the rounded neckline that showcased the tops of her even rounder breasts and a wide belt cinching her waist. He wanted to wrap his hands around the belt, boost her up onto the counter, and find his way under the layers of her skirt.
“Doctor Southerland?” 
“Hmm?”
Mrs. Morris was looking at him like he was touched in the head.  Good Lord. He had to do something or he was going to go nuts.
“Yes, ma’am. Just a minute.” He opened the exam room door and called for Autumn. She walked towards him, hips swinging, on impossibly high heels. Her dark hair haloed her face with tousled curls and her bright blue eyes were fringed with inky black lashes. The only noticeable make-up she wore was red lipstick. She was walking sex, all lush curves and generous lips begging to be kissed, but still perfectly appropriate. Even Mrs. Morris wouldn’t be able to find fault in her appearance, but it was driving Jude crazy.
The worst part was he didn’t think she had any idea how beautiful she was. He certainly didn’t think she meant to tease him. He couldn’t help wanting her. It didn’t matter how many times he reminded himself that she worked for him. She found her way into his thoughts and into his dreams.
“Did you need something, Doctor?” When she said doctor, she smiled, playing with him, but part of her attention seemed to be somewhere else. She’d been distracted all day. Maybe he affected her, too. It was too much to hope for.
“Could you grab one of those flu shot trays Kristen fixed, please?”
“Sure.” She turned, leaving the spicy floral scent she wore behind. 
God, he had it bad. He pulled out his stethoscope and started checking Mrs. Morris’ vitals, partly to make her feel like she’d gotten her money’s worth but more to distract himself from thoughts of Autumn Maddox. He’d just unfastened the blood pressure cuff when he heard a soft knock and the sound of the door opening behind him.  Mrs. Morris peered around him and scowled. 
“You’re not Kristen. Who are you, child?”
“My name’s Autumn, ma’am. I’m filling in for Nancy while she’s on maternity leave.”
“That’s right. I heard she had a baby girl. But who are your people, dear?”
Jude saw her flinch and wondered why the question bothered her. He didn’t have to wait long to find out.
“My grandmother was Marion Maddox.”
“She just died, didn’t she? Poor dear.”
Jude couldn’t imagine anyone calling Marion Maddox a poor dear. She’d been strong as steel up until the end. But it didn’t sound like Mrs. Morris meant Autumn either.
“Yes, ma’am.” Jude watched as Autumn shrank inside herself.
“I’m sorry for your loss. You’re not a Smith, though, are you?”
“No, ma’am. I’m a Maddox.” Her voice sounded so small. She may as well have said she was a bastard.
Mrs. Morris pulled herself up to her full height and Jude could tell something nasty was coming. He couldn’t stand the idea of the old biddy making Autumn feel like less than what she was.
“Autumn saved my life,” he said before Mrs. Morris could open her mouth. “With Nancy gone, I couldn’t run the office without her. I need her.” The words rang with truth about more than just the office. He hadn’t realized how much until he heard himself say them.
Autumn smiled at him, some of her confidence returning, and his heart clutched. 
I need her. Imagine that.
“Of course, of course. I didn’t mean anything by it. A body can’t help who their people are.” But the way she said it made it sound like they should.
 


Chapter 6
Jude hurried Mrs. Morris out the door, eager to be alone with Autumn even if he wasn’t sure what he intended to do. Now that he’d come to the realization what he felt was more than attraction – that he needed her – he was determined to convince her that she needed him, too.
When he pushed open the door to the office he found her sitting behind the computer, staring off into space. She’d been distracted before. Now she looked sad.
“You’re not paying any attention to crazy Mrs. Morris, are you? She’s an old busy body. Ignore her.” Pay attention to me, damn it.
“She’s right. My mother was a flaky drunk and I don’t even know my father. I’m a Maddox because of Gran.”
“It doesn’t matter.” His words sounded harsh and he hurried to clarify them. “I mean, I know it must be awful not knowing your father, but that’s your mother’s fault, not yours. It doesn’t matter what people like Mrs. Morris think.”
“Spoken like someone who knows exactly who their people were.” She mimicked the old lady’s tone.
Jude stepped to her and spun the chair to face him. He tipped her chin up so she looked him in the eye. When he saw her eyes bright with unshed tears, he knew he’d do anything he could to take her pain away. 
“It doesn’t matter to me. You matter. Not your family – you.” He slid his palm to cup her cheek, willing her to feel how precious she was. “Come on. Let’s get out of here.” He let her go and turned to the door before he did something crazy like kiss her in his office.

Jude paced in the front room of Marion Maddox’s – no Autumn’s – house. It smelled of fresh paint and he could see rollers and trays stacked against the wall in the hallway. The house looked much sparser than it had the last time he’d been there to see Marion, like it had been picked clean. A worn out couch sat opposite an old box of a TV. There was a cheap DVD player sitting on top of it, but almost everything else small enough to carry was gone. 
There was no evidence of Autumn’s presence. Maybe she didn’t plan to stay long enough to move in. His stomach tightened at the thought. That wasn’t going to work. He’d just have to convince her she had a reason to stay. He was the reason.
He hadn’t even wanted to drop her off to change clothes. He knew she’d come up with an excuse not to go out with him this afternoon and he wasn’t about to give her a chance to do that. Thank God he had some old boots in the back of his car. His pants would be okay for what he had planned but as much as he loved the way she looked in it, her dress and heels wouldn’t.
He heard her coming down the stairs and paused in his pacing to turn toward her. If he thought the dress was something, he hadn’t been prepared for her body in jeans. The denim hugged her curves and the long sleeved t-shirt showed off every dip and swell. His mouth went dry, looking at her.
“Wow.” He didn’t realize he’d said the word out loud until he saw the puzzled look on her face.
“I wear dresses and heels all week, and it’s jeans and a t-shirt that gets me a wow?”
“Different rules. The dresses are hot, especially the sexy librarian thing and don’t get me started on the heels.” He put his hand over his heart for emphasis. “But that was back when we weren’t going to date because you worked for me.”
“We’re not going to date. This is not a date.” She didn’t sound sure and he felt a little better about his chances. “And I still work for you, don’t I?”
“Yes, but I’m not letting it stand in my way anymore. Come on. Grab a jacket. It’s gonna be windy at the top.”


Autumn had no idea how she’d let things with Jude get so out of hand. One minute she’d been sitting at the computer feeling miserable because of old lady Morris, the next she’d been staring into his hazel eyes, wishing he’d kiss her. He told her to come on and she followed him like a puppy out to his car. The same car she was sitting in as it wound its way up the side of the mountain.
He’d waited for her to get changed, made that crazy comment about dating and then helped her back into his Jag. She’d watched as the town fell away, giving way to the familiar scenery of the Blue Ridge Parkway. 
Growing up, she’d loved the Parkway and the smoky blue of the Blue Ridge Mountains. As soon as she’d gotten her license, she urged Gran’s Pontiac to make the climb on the weekends. She sat in the grass at one of the overlooks and day dreamed about her father, what it would be like to run into him there 
She was twenty-eight and had long ago given up the hope that her father would find her and whisk her off to live with him in a respectable, orderly home where she’d be the only child. And he’d be proud she was his.  But as a child she’d dreamt about him like Lil’ Orphan Annie’s Maybe song.
He’d be handsome and dressed well but not fussy. She’d see him watching her and she’d nod and smile. “Excuse me,” he’d say. “I don’t mean to be forward.” In her fantasies, he had a slight English accent. “I’m not an ax murderer by the way. You look so familiar. Do I know you?”
“Don’t all ax murderers say that?” she’d say and he’d laugh. They’d talk like that back and forth witty and polite until they realized he was her father. He’d say he was sorry about her mother. She always glossed over that part, knowing he’d have a good reason for leaving her. He’d understand if she wanted to stay with Gran, but now that he knew her, he couldn’t leave her again. He’d ask if she wanted to come live with him and she’d say yes.
It would be just like Harry Potter and Sirius Black, only better because her dad wouldn’t get himself killed by dark wizards.
As they passed the familiar overlooks, she felt the same wistful sadness she had as a girl. It didn’t matter, or at least it didn’t have to. She’d grown up without a father. So had lots of women. It wasn’t the way the way it should be, but damn it, it didn’t have to define her any more. When Jude said she was who mattered, she’d had a moment when she believed him. She wanted to feel like that again.
“You’re awfully quiet. You don’t get carsick, do you?” The Jag hugged the switchback, its engine revving on the uphill side. Even in the passenger seat she could tell it wasn’t having any trouble climbing.
“No.” She thought for a moment and grinned. “Well, maybe a little. I think it would go away completely if you let me drive.” She watched his profile and saw the corner of his mouth twitch.
 “Not today, sunshine. We’ll take a break so you can settle your stomach.” 
In a few moments he made it to the top of the road which was actually at the base of the Peaks of Otter. He pulled the car into the parking lot in front of the country store which sat in the shadow of the twin mountains. There were only a handful of cars and motorcycles in the lot, but in a few weeks, when the changing leaves reached their peak, it would be crammed full. The parkway itself would be busy with weekend sightseers coming to marvel at the fall color. 
Before she could pull the handle, Jude jumped out and ran around to open her door.
“You can lean on me if you’re feeling woozy,” he said with a wink.
“I’ll be fine.” She climbed out of the car, trying not to pay attention to how good he smelled or how close he stayed to her. 
When he opened the door to store the spicy scent of chili came out in a delicious wave and her stomach rumbled. They’d worked until lunchtime and hadn’t taken time to eat after.
“Hungry?”
“Starving.”
He grinned at her. God, he was handsome. His rumpled sandy hair begged her to run her fingers through it and his hazel eyes were clear and kind. He had full, chiseled lips and for a moment she let herself imagine what it would be like to kiss him. While she watched, his grin grew wider, almost as if he could tell what she was thinking.
“Good. Me, too.” He walked to the counter beside a deli case holding big blocks of cheese and salty country ham. Bushel baskets of apples sat on the floor and bottles of wine stood in a rack against the wall. The place was set up to provision parkway picnickers. 
“Chili?” he asked and she nodded. “Two bowls of chili and a chunk of that cheese, please.” He pointed to a big wheel of cheddar and the pretty girl behind the counter hurried to fill his request. 
“Would y’all like some cornbread to go with it?” she asked, concentrating the full force of her smile on Jude and ignoring Autumn.
“Please.” He turned from the disappointed sales clerk without a second look. “What do you want to drink?” He opened the cooler and pulled out a glass bottle of Stewart’s Orange soda and two bottles of water.
She hadn’t had one of those since she was a kid. “Orange soda would be great.”
He pulled out a second bottle and set the drinks on the counter. “Can you grab a handful of apples, please?”
She picked the five nicest Pink Lady apples she could find in the basket and juggled them in her arms. 
“Here, let me help.” He reached for the apples, his hand barely brushing the underside of her breast. He sucked in some air and they both froze. His touch was accidental but at the same time intimate, like some kind of line had been crossed.
“I got them,” she said, her voice sounding breathy. 
She set the apples beside the drinks and the clerk added two Styrofoam tubs of chili and waxed paper packages of corn bread. Jude stuck a gigantic candy bar on the counter and pulled out his wallet.
“Can you eat all that?” Autumn was hungry, but it was a lot of food for just the two of them.
“Not all at once. Some of it is for the top.” He grabbed the paper bag full of food and led her out the door. They made their way to an empty table tucked under a huge oak tree and he unpacked their picnic. 
“We’re climbing to the top? I haven’t been up Sharp Top since I was a girl.” The idea excited her. The hike to the top would clear her head. There was nothing like standing on top of a mountain looking down to put things into perspective. It was the perfect day – no crowds, perfect clear weather. Perfect guy.
On second thought maybe it wouldn’t help clear her head, but she was still grinning as she took a spoonful of her chili.
“I love it here. We used to come up almost every Sunday after church. Momma or Mary would pack a picnic and we’d pile into the station wagon.” He laughed at the memory. “No car seat rules, so the seven of us kids would fight over the backseat or the way back. We’d mess with each other the whole way and Daddy would swear and threaten to pull the car over. 
“I think we undid all the good church did for our souls with that one trip.” He caught himself and looked at her concerned. “I’m sorry. You don’t want to hear about that.” The part he left unspoken was that she didn’t want to hear about his perfect family when hers wasn’t.
“No, I do. It sounds great.” It did. She dunked a piece of corn bread into her chili, imagining a car full of kids, tussling and laughing their way up the mountain with a mom and a dad together in the front seat. 
Instead of the longing she expected to feel, she felt something else. Hopeful. Like maybe a different picture was possible for her, too. In place of the sad girl waiting for a father she didn’t know, maybe she could build her own family. Fill a car with her own sandy-haired kids with hazel eyes and a man sitting in the seat next to her. One who loved her and would never leave.
She took a swallow of sticky orange soda and tried to picture someone – anyone – other than Jude in that seat.
“What was it like growing up in such a big family?” Maybe if she concentrated on stories of his family, she’d stop trying to write him into hers.
“Yours was big, too, wasn’t it?”
“Yeah, six kids instead of seven, but we didn’t really live together the whole time. Emory and Matty died when Summer and I were kids and my mother passed after that.” She still felt the tug on her heart when she said Matty’s name, but under the clear early fall light she felt more love than sadness. “She left us before she died anyway. After my brothers died she started to drink. She never came back.”
“I’m sorry. Emory and I were in the same class, but I didn’t really know him. I can’t imagine how hard that must have been on your family.” 
She couldn’t believe she hadn’t realized that sooner. He and Emory were the same age or would have been. She watched him as he ate. His strong jaw and kind smile, chiseled lips and eyes full of what looked like sympathy not pity. The contrast between the accomplished doctor and her reckless brother couldn’t be clearer.
What if Emory had lived? She took a bite of the apple and the crisp, sweet tart taste flooded her mouth. He’d been a wild kid, but he’d lost his dad, too. He and Colin and Lindsey were the only ones to live with a mother and father who were married to each other. They’d been a normal ordinary family, for a while anyway. He’d been the oldest. It made sense he would have taken his dad’s leaving hard and gone a little crazy.
Maybe if he lived long enough he would have grown out of it. Maybe not, but for the first time ever she could see him for who he’d been, a hurt teenager who missed his family the way it was. He made a mistake, but so did everyone else. 
Enough of the past for one day. She put the thought away to turn it over later. 
She finished her apple and the last of her soda and helped Jude collect the remnants of their lunch. She reached out to touch his back, giving herself a moment to appreciate the strong muscles underneath his t-shirt. 
“Race you to the top,” she said and took off up the path.
 


Chapter 7
Watching Autumn’s denim-clad butt climb the hill in front of him wasn’t helping Jude’s frame of mind at all. He’d been careful to keep his touch deliberately casual, a steadying hand or unsnagging a bramble. Nothing that would make her put up walls or pull away from him, but his resolve was fraying. They were only halfway up the mountain and it took every bit of control he had to keep from dragging her off the trail, pinning her against a tree and kissing her senseless.
He hadn’t meant to blunder into talking about their families, especially not after Mrs. Morris and all her talk of “people,” but Autumn seemed okay. She teased him about beating him to the top, even joking about taking breaks on the way up because of his age. When they stopped at a stone overhang to drink some of the water he’d brought, she looked lighter and happier than she had all day. 
“Are you holding up okay?” Her breathing was heavy, but she didn’t look as winded as he felt. Well, she hadn’t been staring at his butt for half the mountain. That had to change.
“I’m just fine, darling. Don’t worry about me.” He grinned at her and was rewarded with a smile that reached the whole way to her flashing blue eyes. “This next bit’s a little tricky though. I think I should lead for a while.”
She took a long pull on her water and he stared at the muscles of her throat as she swallowed. Sweet Jesus.
“If you’re sure you’re up to it,” she said with a wink. “Lead on.”
They climbed on in companionable silence. None of it was more strenuous than hiking, but it was all uphill. When they reached the stone steps to the rocky peak, he heard her exhale with what sounded like relief and he grinned to himself. Good. She wasn’t as cool and unaffected as she seemed.  
The first handful of steps were easy, but by the time they reached the exposed second section, the wind had really picked up. He stopped in a sheltered area and waited for her.
“Need another break so soon?”
“Yes.” He pulled her into the alcove in the rock blocking most of the wind and curled his body around her back. They fit perfectly, her head tucked under his chin. He wrapped his arms around her and held her tight against him. She stiffened and then he felt her go soft, melting against him. His breath caught in his throat. She felt so good in his arms. So right. 
 “Look,” he said when he could speak. The wind blew hard at the peak and even in their shelter he had to press his lips to her ear to be sure she heard him. When he felt her body tremble, his resolve to go slow almost shattered. He nipped her earlobe and allowed himself a moment to enjoy her response to his touch. “Look out there.”
Her head turned to follow his hand. The valley stretched below them painted a patchwork of greens, with touches of reds and golds. It might not be peak color yet, but it was still spectacular.
“Wow.”
Wow was right. He wanted her so much; there was no way to hide it. The curve of her butt fit the long hard length of him and her breasts were a delicious heavy weight on his arm. He nuzzled the soft skin behind her ear and breathed in her scent. She trembled but she didn’t pull away, tipping her head to offer him her neck instead. He kissed and nibbled his way down her neck and her tremors grew.
“Cold?” he asked, his mouth against her ear.
“Maybe a little.” Her voice sounded husky and low.
Reluctant to let her go, he turned them sideways, giving her the protected side and opened his jacket. She slipped inside, her arms finding their way around his waist. He wrapped her in the jacket and his arms and pressed his lips to the top of her head. God, she was sweet. She fit him perfectly, like they’d been made for each other, and he’d never wanted another woman more.
They stood together in the shelter of the rock, soaking in each other’s warmth, breathing together and looking out over the valley below. Neither of them seemed in a hurry to move. Truth be told he wasn’t sure that if he let her go he trusted himself not to press her into the stone wall and get his mouth on more than her hair.
  She changed everything. Everything he knew, everything he wanted, crystallized into this one moment on the top of the mountain with Autumn in his arms.
She turned from the view to look at him and he met her gaze, looking down into her impossibly blue eyes. Without another thought or question, he bent and claimed her mouth with his. His hand slid up to cup the back her head and her sweet lips parted for him. He was lost, drowning in the taste of her, orange soda, apple, and something undeniably Autumn.
He teased her tongue with his own, urging her to let him have more of her, to taste more of her. When they parted, she looked as breathless as he felt, her eyes soft and dazed.
“Wow,” she said with the same reverence she used for the view.
“That doesn’t even begin to cover it.” He barely managed the words before he claimed her mouth again. 

Kissing, she was kissing Jude Southerland. And, oh God, it was more than she’d imagined. His firm hand held her head while his mouth plundered hers, taking everything she offered and more. Her hands slid over the strong muscles of his back. Pressed against her, he was hot, hard, and undeniably male. Hungry and tender at the same time and she wanted him more than air.
Her tongue met his, tangling and tasting. When he pulled back it took everything she had to keep from whimpering with disappointment. How in the world had they gotten here so fast? Even if she wasn’t good at relationships, Autumn enjoyed sex. But nothing she’d experienced before had prepared her for this aching, needy hunger and that was just from one kiss.
She felt him inhale. At least she wasn’t the only one fighting for control. He looked visibly shaken, too. Gravel crunched and they turned to the path. An older couple smiled at them as they made their way down the steps.
“There’s no one on the peak now,” the man said with a wink.
“Thank you, sir.” Jude pressed his lips to her forehead. “We could stay here.”
“Tempting, very tempting, but who climbs to the almost top of the mountain? Come on, let’s go.” Reluctantly, she slid from the warmth of his jacket, but as she turned to the path he caught her hand.
He trailed behind her, holding her hand as they stepped back out into the wind and climbed the last set of rock steps to the top of the mountain. The view was spectacular and her already racing heart kicked up a notch. Together they walked to the low stone wall ringing the peak. For three hundred and sixty degrees, in every direction the foothills of the Blue Ridge spread out below them. 
Small towns mixed with patchwork fields and the first flush of what would become gorgeous fall color. Off in the distance, Roanoke looked like a miniature city on a train set. At just under 4,000 feet, Sharp Top wasn’t a match for the Rockies, but it was one of the tallest peaks in the state. For a long time people thought it was the tallest, before Mount Rogers stole the title.
She’d been to the top of the mountain several times before. It didn’t take anything from the wonder she felt standing on what felt like the top of the world with Jude. He wrapped his arms around her and held her as the wind buffeted them both. It was too loud to talk, but they didn’t need to. She reached up to hold his hands clasped under her breasts and they stood, drinking in each other and the view.
Three young boys scrambled up the steps and ran to the wall. “Ethan, Joseph, and Michael freeze!” The boys skidded to a stop as their slightly frazzled mother came up behind them. A man, who looked like a bigger versions of them, followed carrying a five or six-year-old girl on his shoulders.
“Cool. Which way’s our house? Where’s grandma’s? How far can you see from up here?” The gusts caught snippets of high, excited voices as the boys peppered their mother with questions. She gathered them to her and pointed but the wind hid her answers. 
It was too loud for the adults to talk without yelling so Autumn and Jude smiled at the couple and their kids and by unspoken agreement started down the steps, hand in hand.
Descending was much easier than climbing but by halfway down Autumn’s thighs burned with the effort of not hurtling down the side of the mountain. When Jude pulled her down beside him on an outcrop of rock, she sat, grateful for the break. He handed her one of the apples he’d stuffed in his jacket pocket and ripped open the wrapper on the gigantic chocolate bar.
“Is that what it was like when you used to come here as a kid?” She motioned with her head back the way they’d come toward the top of the mountain and the family.
“That was civilized in comparison.” He handed her a chunk of chocolate. “We were heathens. I can’t believe my parents survived it.”
She laughed around a bite of chocolate. “How bad could you have been?”
“Bad.” He ate half his apple in one bite. “Daddy’d open the hatch on the station wagon and we’d explode out like we were spring loaded. Didn’t slow down until we were halfway up the mountain and then it was just so we could hide behind the trees and try to scare Mom and the girls.” He finished his apple and broke off another piece of chocolate. “I remember one time. I must have been about fourteen – old enough to think I knew everything but young enough to still like spending time with my family. We got to the top before everyone else and the twins dared Travis to climb over the wall. He’d just put his leg over the wall when Daddy made it to the top. I’ve never seen him so mad. When we got home he took a belt to all of us.” His smile took some of the sting out of his words. “The twins got it for the dare and Travis for taking them up on it.”
“What about you?” She couldn’t imagine anyone coming at her with a belt. Her mother and boyfriends forgot her, but no one ever hit her.
“I got it because I was the oldest and ‘should’ve had more sense than to let my fool brothers do something so stupid.’” The way he said the words, she could tell it was what his father had said to him, but his mannerism made it seem like it was a good memory. Certainly nothing that had traumatized him. “Looking back,” he said, shaking his head. “I can’t imagine how scared he must have been. Travis couldn’t have been any older than those boys today.”
Autumn thought about the boys they’d seen at the top and the stone wall and shuddered. “No wonder you got in trouble, too.”
“Exactly.” He offered her the last bite of chocolate and when she shook her head he popped it into his mouth. “Ready?” He stood and held out his hand for her.
She took it and he tugged her to her feet and into his arms. He bent to kiss her but before she could lose her mind again, they heard the sounds of someone racing down the trail. They pulled apart in time to see the three boys chasing each other. 
“Heathens,” he said with what sounded like real affection.

They talked and laughed the rest of the way down the mountain and when they got to the parking lot, he wasn’t ready for their day to be over. He didn’t want to rush things. As responsive as Autumn had been to him up on the mountain he had a feeling if he pushed her she’d either put up walls or just give him part of herself. 
The more time he spent with her, the clearer it became to him that part of Autumn was not enough. He wanted all of her – heart, mind, and glorious body – and he wasn’t giving up until he got it.
When he saw the sign for Gross’ Apple Orchard it was the easiest thing in the world to follow the big red apples over the winding road and past the rows of trees to the orchard store. She didn’t protest when he pulled into the gravel parking lot and he smiled to himself. 
Maybe she wasn’t ready for the day to be over either.
He caught her hand as they walked to the open air store. Big bins of apples lined the perimeter and the tart smell of cider hung in the air. Another row of bins sat at the back of the building, waiting to be dumped into the press. Even in the cool, late evening air, a few sluggish bees buzzed around the sticky machine.
“I love cider,” she said, her face as eager and bright as a child’s. “I haven’t been here since we came on a field trip in fifth grade.”
She let go of his hand so she could open the cooler and grab a gallon of the cloudy amber juice. He tried not to feel disappointed at the loss of her touch.
“Let me,” he said, taking the cider from her and placing a hand firmly on the small of her back, reestablishing the physical connection. 
She smiled at him over her shoulder and he kissed her cheek. “Fill a bag with apples, too.”
Autumn was filling a paper sack with apples from the bins when an older woman walked out of the back room.
“I didn’t realize you were out here. Are you finding everything alright? We have fresh apple dumplings in the cooler if you’re interested. A Dunkard lady makes those and the chicken pot pies. Best you’ve ever tasted.”
“Does it count as making you dinner if I heat up food the Dunkard lady made?” She grinned at him and finished filling the bag with apples.
She wanted to make him dinner. On her own without him coaxing her to spend more time with him. Hell yeah, it counted. “Absolutely. But you don’t have to cook or heat things up,” he said with a laugh. “I’d be happy to take you out.”
He thought he saw something flash across her face but it was gone so fast he couldn’t be sure.
“No, that’s okay. Unless you don’t like chicken pot pie?”
“You’re kidding, right?”

It felt like a good idea at the time. She’d had such a great day with Jude. He was fun and funny. She’d felt better than she had in…well, she couldn’t remember when she’d felt better. 
She hadn’t wanted their day to end but she knew if they went to one of the two restaurants in Bedford, the Ladies Auxiliary phone chain would have them married by dessert. And they wouldn’t be happy with that Maddox girl coming home and leading the town’s golden boy astray.
When the lady at the orchard mentioned pot pie, it seemed like the perfect solution. The Dunkard’s were a group of Anabaptists who lived in the neighboring county. The pot pie would be made from scratch and fantastic. And if they had dinner at her house no one else in town would ever have to know. 
Now that they were standing in her kitchen waiting for dinner to heat up, it didn’t seem like such a good idea. All she could think about was his kiss, how amazing it felt and what a bad idea it was for her to read too much into it.
He wanted her; she got that. She wanted him, too. They were adults. They could enjoy each other’s company and bodies. Just the thought made her heart feel like it would beat out of her chest. It didn’t have to mean happily ever after. The problem was, after listening to him talk about his family and spending the day with him, she was afraid she wanted much more than he’d be able to give – at least to her.
The fact they liked each other didn’t change that she was a Maddox and he was a Southerland. 
She grabbed a chipped white enamel bowl with a red rim from the cupboard and started filling it with apples. It was one of the few things her siblings hadn’t bothered to take.
“That’s pretty,” he said, coming to stand behind her.
She took a step forward before they touched, feeling both foolish and disappointed in herself. They’d been all over each other on the top of the mountain. Why was she running from him in her kitchen? Why couldn’t she let herself enjoy his attention?
“It is, isn’t it?” She forced herself to stay still as he took another step closer. Without even touching, she could feel his warmth along her back and part of her ached to lean back to meet him and let her head rest against the solid strength of his chest. 
The oven timer went off with a buzz and she jumped. Saved by the bell. Stuffing her hands in some truly ugly, fish shaped oven mitts, she took the pot pie out of the oven and set it on the island counter. 
“What can I do?” He watched with a bemused smile, like he could tell having him in the kitchen made her nervous. 
“You can grab the wine.”
He opened the refrigerator door and she cringed at the empty shelves. She’d finally thrown out all the funeral food. Even after everything Lindsey packed there had been more green bean casserole and ham salad than anyone should have to deal with. She just hadn’t bothered to restock it.
“Glasses?” he asked, snagging a bottle of chardonnay from the door. 
“What I’ve got are in the cabinet beside the sink.” When she asked him for dinner, she hadn’t thought about the pathetic remnants her family left behind. She scrounged around in the cupboard and managed to find two matching plates and a pair of forks. “Do you want to eat here or in the dining room?”
“Here’s great,” he said, holding mismatched tumblers and the bottle of wine.
“I’m sorry.” She rooted in the drawer for the corkscrew. “I don’t have much in the way of kitchen stuff right now.”
“Looks about like my kitchen.” 
He took the corkscrew from her, brushing her hand with his fingers, and she fought against the tingle which raced over her skin.
She shrugged. “Gran left me the house. My older siblings took most of what was in it.” 
His brow creased but he didn’t say anything, just filled the glasses half full of wine. If she was going to stay here, she’d have to get some new dishes. She dug a big spoon into the pot pie and delicious chicken smelling steam escaped.
“My God, that smells good.”
“It does.” Autumn ladled a big scoop of chicken, potato chunks, peas, and carrots swimming in gravy and covered with a flaky pie crust onto Jude’s plate. 
They ate, sitting at the kitchen island. It had been a long time since the chili and they’d walked a lot. They’d almost cleaned their plates before either of them spoke. 
He raised his glass, more suited to water than wine, and took a swallow. “So if your brothers and sisters cleared out the cupboards are you going to replace the stuff?” His expression said more than dishes were riding on her answer.
“Yeah, eventually. To be honest, I hadn’t really thought about it until tonight. Summer and Abby are the only ones who’ve been here since the day of the funeral.” She smiled at him and took a sip of her own wine. “I can get wine glasses before I heat something up for you again.” 
As soon as the words were out of her mouth, she wished she could take them back. She hadn’t meant to imply that they’d be doing this more often. She opened her mouth to back pedal, but his huge grin stopped her.
He dished himself another helping of pot pie and put a huge scoop on her plate before she could stop him. “Looks like you’re painting.” He motioned with the spoon to the trays and rollers stacked against the hallway wall. “You must be planning to stay?”
“For now.” She didn’t want to go into the reason she had nowhere else to go. She’d have to talk about the city and her job eventually, but it didn’t have to be tonight. “Either way I thought it was a good idea to freshen things up.”
“I could help.”
“You don’t want to do that.” Helping in the office while Nancy was out had made things easier for him, but she knew how hard he worked. He had a lot better things to do than help paint her house.
“Of course I do.”
She wasn’t sure what to say. He’d made what seemed like an honest offer to help. She was usually the one doing the helping. Aside from her Gran, she couldn’t think of anyone who’d ever offered to help her. She couldn’t ask him to paint her house but it made her feel warm to think he’d offer.
“Do you want dessert? I could heat up the apple dumplings or cider. I’m very good at heating things.”
He laughed. “That you are, darling. That you are, but I don’t think I could eat another bite.” He pushed away from the counter. “Dinner was great, but I’d better go.”
Confused, she hurried to her feet. Had she done something to chase him off? She couldn’t think what, but he was obviously in a hurry to get out of her house.
When he put on his jacket she smelled the slightly musky scent of his aftershave and she remember exactly how good it had felt to be wrapped in all of his warmth. She couldn’t let herself want a relationship with Jude Southerland, but she didn’t want him to run off.
“Oh, okay.” She walked him to the door, trying to hide her disappointment. “I had fun today. Thanks.”
“Me, too.” He gathered her in his arms, pulling her tight against his chest and tucking her head under his chin. It was the same way they’d stood at the top of the mountain. He felt warm and strong and rock solid, like he couldn’t be buffeted around by anything. 
Her pulse pounded so hard she was sure he must be able to feel it, but she didn’t care. She could stay like that, wrapped in his arms, forever. 
He must have felt some of the same because now that they were standing at the door, he seemed reluctant to let her go.
“I’d better go,” he said, but didn’t loosen his grip on her. 
“If you have to?” There. She wasn’t exactly asking him to stay and take her upstairs so they could have wild monkey sex; she was just leaving the door open.
“I have to.” This time when he said the words he pulled away. 
She raised her head to look at him, and he caught her face in his hands, holding her like she was something precious and he had all the time in the world. He kissed her, his lips barely a brush against hers. When she stood on tiptoes to get closer, he groaned and drank her in, his tongue tasting and teasing her. He nipped her bottom lip with his teeth and caught her answering sigh with his mouth. 
“I have to go now.” He said the words against her lips, her throat. “While I still can. I will be back tomorrow afternoon to help you paint.” He pressed a kiss to her forehead and then he was gone, leaving her dazed and shaking from the kiss and his words.
 


Chapter 8
Jude stuffed his hands in his pockets so he wouldn’t knock on Autumn’s door and tell her he’d changed his mind about staying. He wanted to, God knows he wanted to, but if he had any chance of not stretching her out on the worn-out couch and ripping her clothes off with his teeth, he had to get out of there. The fact that she seemed reluctant for him to leave made it that much harder.
He wanted her. More than he’d ever wanted a woman. She was funny and smart and so beautiful she stole his breath. After spending the day with her, climbing with her, holding her, his desire for Autumn Maddox was a deep throbbing ache, but he was afraid if he pushed her for more, he’d lose what he needed most. 
He craved her body, but more than anything, he wanted a chance to win her heart.
There was no way he could go home now. He’d never be able to sleep. Starting the engine, he turned the car towards downtown. He’d swing by the station and bug the shit out of Adam for a while.
He pulled into a spot on the street in front of the station, and then waited five minutes to be buzzed from the locked vestibule into the main building.
His brother leaned back in his chair, looking as frustrated as Jude felt. When Jude sank into the chair by the desk Adam barely acknowledged him.
“You know someone could get themselves mugged waiting to get buzzed into this place.” It was an old jibe, one he’d been using for years to poke at his brother.
“Probably.”
Adam didn’t rise to the bait, and Jude took a longer look at his brother. He was more than frustrated; he was worried about something. Regardless of the number of times they’d pounded each other over the years, Jude would do anything for his brothers or his sisters. 
Adam had always been laid back and steady. Being a deputy in their sleepy town hadn’t changed that. His inherent calm was part of what made him so good at his job. More often than not he could diffuse tense situations before they escalated. If he looked worried, there had to be a good reason.
“What’s wrong?” Jude leaned forward, eyes intent on his brother.
Adam rubbed his forehead, the crease never disappearing completely even when he looked at Jude. “It’s good you’re here. I would have had to call you anyway so you’d know to be on the lookout with your patients. There’s been some talk of meth moving into the area.”
“And here I thought all we had to worry about was the moonshiners in Franklin County.” He said it in an attempt to lighten things but he knew how devastating meth could be to a community as small as theirs. It burned through families like a plague, swallowing whole generations.
“I wish. No, this is serious, and we’re the first line of defense.”
They sat and talked about the damage the drug had done to small towns in the Midwest. Adam told Jude what he’d learned from the DEA about meth production. 
“They cook the shit on the back of bicycles for fuck’s sake.” Adam scraped his hand across his jaw. “We have to keep it out, because once it takes root, there isn’t much we can do to stop it.”
Jude left the station thinking about meth instead of obsessing about Autumn. Not exactly an improvement.
 


Chapter 9
Autumn climbed out of her old Volvo and ran her hands over her skirt, smoothing the pale pink floral one more time. Deep breath. She could do this. She wanted to do this. She hadn’t been to church since Gran’s funeral. She had to face it sooner or later if she expected to make a life for herself here. At least she wasn’t facing the lions alone.
She scanned the parking lot for Summer’s beat up Escort. She’d offered to pick up Summer and Abby, but her sister insisted on driving them herself. Autumn had a feeling her sister didn’t want her at the trailer and it worried her. 
She looked past the line of people waiting to file into church and saw Abby waving her arms above her head. More than one disapproving look flashed her way, but the little girl seemed oblivious. Summer stood beside her looking pretty but tired, her sandy-blonde hair pulled back off of her pale face. Even at a distance she could see the dark circles around her sister’s hollow eyes.
“Don’t you look pretty?” Autumn scooped Abby up and planted a kiss on her forehead before setting her down so she could hug her sister. Summer felt as frail as she looked and a fist closed around Autumn’s heart. She had to figure out a way to convince her sister to leave that asshole Dwayne. Something about him was making her sick.
“Momma let me wear my party dress.” Abby twirled, sending her robin’s egg blue skirt spinning. “I only got to wear it one time before.” Her brow wrinkled for a moment. “Gramma Marion got it for me.” She reached for Autumn with one hand and her mom with the other and tugged them towards the steps.
 “Are you ready?”
Autumn looked over her niece’s head to Summer. “As I’ll ever be. Thanks for coming with me.”
Summer gave her a weak smile and together they started up the stairs.
The usher handed her a bulletin and she stepped into the sanctuary. The slightly sweet musty smell of old flowers and too much perfume immediately took her back to childhood and sitting next to Gran on Sunday mornings. It had only been a few weeks since she’d been here for the funeral, but the family used a different door that day and she’d been so sad. She hadn’t paid attention to anything around her.
This was different. Walking down the center aisle like she’d done hundreds of times growing up brought the memories crashing down on her. Gran sitting in her pink suit singing Down by the River, digging in her white vinyl purse to get the offering envelope, passing her and Summer root beer barrels to suck on during the sermon so they wouldn’t fidget, it was all here in this one place. 
The grief hit her in the stomach and she reached for her sister’s hand. Maybe this had been a bad idea. She wasn’t ready to expose herself like this. It might be okay if they could hide in a pew, but as she walked down the center aisle in front of a significant slice of the town’s population, she realized she didn’t know where to sit. 
There weren’t labels on the pews but there may as well have been. Congregation members sat in the same place week after week. Pews were practically passed down from one generation to the next. Gran’s seat used to be on the right hand side in the middle.
Autumn paused a couple of rows before where they sat as children, unsure whether anyone else had claimed the spot. Abby was the one who led her to the pew.
“We sit here,” she said, tugging Autumn’s hand.
She knew Abby and Summer would have gone to church with Gran, but it never occurred to her that they continued after Gran got sick. It embarrassed her how little she knew about her sister. Before she could sink further into her own thoughts, the lay reader welcomed the congregation and they were off into the service.
Abby went to the front for the children’s moment, looking like a picture in her pretty blue dress. The congregation watched intently, the older members because the kids were so cute and the parents to make sure their little angels didn’t act up. When the children followed their teacher out of the sanctuary, Autumn slid closer to her sister. They sat side by side, sharing a hymnal and Autumn felt the peace of being in church with her sister fill some of the empty places in her heart.
After the service, they left through the front, missing the chance to shake Reverend Riley’s hand. There was no shortage, however, of people to greet them. Although it seemed like everyone had accepted Summer and Abby, Autumn collected her fair share of “bless your hearts” and looks like the one Mrs. Morris had given her the day before.
It didn’t matter. She couldn’t even manage to get angry about old Mrs. Morris. Any thoughts of what she said were burned away by Jude saying she mattered. And by the memories of his kiss. Besides, there were some people who seemed genuinely glad to see her in church, including Mrs. Mayhew from Andrew’s office.
Autumn waited in the hall and smiled her best I’m friendly and approachable smile while Summer went to claim Abby. Most of the people who passed her were parents either on their way to get their kids or hustling them out the door.  She grinned at a dark haired boy of about eight or nine who trailed behind his determined mother and baby sister. He glanced over his shoulder to make sure his mother wasn’t looking and then the little punk gave her the finger. She coughed to hide her surprised noise.
She wasn’t about to accuse someone’s little angel of making obscene gestures. Not like anyone would believe her anyway. The future felon was retreating through the double doors into fellowship hall when her phone vibrated. She dug through her purse, snagging the phone with one ring to spare. A quick glance at the phone showed Jude Southerland’s name. 
She’d programmed his name and number into her phone when she started working for him, but he’d never called her before.
“Some little kid just gave me the finger.”
“Where are you?
“Church.” She let some indignation slip into her voice.
“Figures,” he said and she pictured him grinning that handsome smile that took her breath. “Methodist, right?”
The fact that he knew made her pause, but of course Gran would have told him and probably tried to convert him. “Yes.”
“I knew it. Stuff like that never happens with the Baptists.”
She gave a completely unladylike snort and slipped into one of the empty classrooms so people wouldn’t see her talking on her phone.
“Really. We wash it right out of the little hellions.”
“You’re Baptist?” She asked the question even though she already knew the answer. He didn’t go to Gran’s church and with the exception of a small Presbyterian church whose members were mostly transplants, Baptist was the only other choice.
“Born and raised, a fact your grandmother worked hard to change. She made a compelling argument but knowing you’re going to church there might get me to switch.”
“You cannot be that fickle,” she teased.
“You’re probably right. You’d have to at least agree to marry me to get me to risk generations of Southerland disapproval. Methodists.” He snorted this time but she barely heard him over the ringing in her ears.
“Your ancestors would roll over in their graves,” she said when she could talk again.
“What do they know? They’re dead anyway.”
Why was he teasing her like this? She’d been pretty obvious about her desire for him. He couldn’t possibly think he had to promise her something he couldn’t deliver to get her into bed. There couldn’t be a real future for them. Surely he knew that, but that kind of game playing didn’t match the man she knew. Maybe it was just his misguided way of flirting.
“Dead but not forgotten. Did you have a reason for calling me on the Lord’s day?”
“I do. If you’re still at church you haven’t eaten? Unless those Methodists do a social hour.”
“Not today, no.” Autumn looked up to see Summer standing in the doorway with Abby. “Abby and Summer and I will probably just grab something on the way home.” Summer arched an eyebrow, and Autumn felt like a teenager caught doing something she shouldn’t.
“Why don’t I grab some pizzas and meet you there? That way we can get a jump start on the painting.”
He was serious about coming over to help her. When he’d offered, she hadn’t really thought he meant it. She felt her forehead wrinkle with the effort of reconciling the outrageous tease with the man who actually seemed to want to help her. From the doorway Summer mouthed “Who?”
“Dr. McHottie,” she mouthed back and her sister’s eyes widened.
“You don’t have to do that.” 
Summer shook her head vigorously and whispered “Say yes. Whatever he wants say yes.”
“I want to. See you in about an hour,” he said and hung up before she got out more than a stunned okay.
“So?” Summer watched her expectantly while Abby peered around her in the doorway.
“Dr.” She barely caught herself before she said McHottie in front of Abby. “Southerland is bringing pizza over and then staying to help me paint.”
“Pizza!” Abby vibrated in the doorway.
“Really,” said Summer, dragging out the word. “We’ll get out of your way.”
“No!” Abby and Autumn shouted in unison.
“Momma, I want pizza.”
“He’s counting on you being there. You can’t leave me.”
“How could I resist the two of you?” Summer said, smiling. “But just pizza. We’ll get out of your way before the painting starts.”
Abby looked disappointed but given the promise of pizza she didn’t seem willing to press her luck.
“But I want you to stay. You don’t have to paint. I just wanted to spend the afternoon with you guys.” And if seeing the sunny lemon bedroom made Summer think about moving in with her, so much the better.
“We’ll see,” said Summer, sounding like the mother she was.
Autumn fist bumped her niece on the way out the door.

Jude pulled into the driveway right behind Summer. At Autumn’s insistence they’d gone home to change clothes so they could stay to help paint. Jude got out of his car juggling pizza boxes, two liter bottles of soda, and a six pack of beer. Autumn jumped out of the porch rocker to help, but her sister and Abby got there first.
“Thanks, Miss Abby,” Jude said, handing her one of the bottles of soda.
“Healthy food choices, Dr. Southerland,” said Summer, taking the other bottle.
Autumn grinned at them, grateful to see her sister looking playful again. Whatever was going on with Dwayne was reversible. She had to get her sister away from him.
“This is weekend food.” He raised the six pack. “During the week I’m a salad and carrot juice kind of guy.” He wrinkled his nose and made rabbit teeth at Abby who giggled.
“Don’t believe a word he says,” called Autumn from the porch. “I’ve seen what he eats for lunch.”
Abby laughed and ran up the porch steps, clutching her contraband to her chest. Summer followed, making kissy faces at her and Autumn smacked her butt as she went past. And then Jude was standing on her porch, carrying pizza and beer and leaning in to kiss her on the cheek like it was the most natural thing in the world.
They devoured the pizza, Abby only pausing long enough in her running chatter about dolls and Princess Sophia to inhale three slices of pizza. Autumn slid the box with the leftovers into her newly cleaned but still empty refrigerator next to the untouched six pack. Everyone, including an ecstatic Abby, had soda with lunch. So when was the good doctor planning on drinking the beer?
She grabbed the last bit of painting paraphernalia from the hall and followed the sounds of laughter up the stairs. The three of them were in the second bedroom. Summer and Jude were wrestling clear plastic drop cloths over the furniture while Abby darted in and out, giggling. She stopped in the doorway and watched momentarily stunned. There were people in her house, helping to do something. 
It made her feel a little pathetic to think about it, but she couldn’t remember the last time – if ever – someone had done something just to help her. She was usually the one fixing things for other people. Or she thought, watching her sister, feeling bad for not doing enough.
Jude saw her in the doorway and grinned. “What color are we painting this?” He snatched Abby up as she dashed past and held the squealing girl out to her.
Autumn’s breath caught in her throat at the sight of the man holding her niece. A plain blue t-shirt stretched tight across his chest and the muscles of his arms bunched with the effort of holding the squirming six-year-old. His faded jeans hung low on his hips and somewhere along the way he’d taken off his shoes. Good God, he was like a barefoot flipping Atlas, and she knew from experience, just as rock solid steady.
“Not me, not me,” Abby gasped between giggles.
“We’re not painting the children,” Autumn said, shaking off her lust induced haze. “Just the walls, Dr. Southerland.”
“Right. Okay.” He set Abby, breathless and flushed, on her feet. “Just the walls.”
Autumn glanced at her sister and saw longing in her eyes. It wasn’t for the man. She was sure about that. It was more for something she wanted for her daughter. Neither of them had grown up with a real father figure. In that moment, she saw how much Summer wanted that for her daughter.
Dwayne was still an asshole, but she understood a little better why her sister stayed with him. The problem was he’d never be a father for Abby anyway. Not the kind she’d want her to have.
By the end of the afternoon, the second bedroom was the clean, pretty yellow she’d pictured when she picked out the paint at the Southern States. Summer helped her straighten the patchwork quilt on the bed while Jude carried the paint trays outside to wash them, Abby trailing him like a shadow. 
“This could be your room,” she said when she saw the wistful expression on her sister’s face as she smoothed the covers on the bed. “Abby could have the room at the end of the hall.”
Real longing shone in Summer’s eyes, but Autumn watched her squash it and set her shoulders.
“This is beautiful, really beautiful, and I appreciate you trying to look out for us.”
“But?” she asked, letting some of the disappointment she felt seep into her voice.
“But we already have a place to live. We live with Dwayne.”
Autumn made a derisive noise, realizing it was a mistake as Summer squared off to face her.
“I know he’s not a doctor.” She spat out the words and Autumn flinched. “But I’ve been with him for two years. He takes care of us.”
Autumn wanted to point out that Summer took better care of him than he did her and that simply enduring being with an asshole wasn’t a reason to continue to stay. But she knew her sister, knew the stubborn set of her jaw. Anything she said now would make Summer dig in her heels even harder. She blew out a frustrated breath.
“Fine, but the offer stands. I mean it. There is room for you here whenever you want it.”
Summer smiled a little sadly. “Thanks. I know you want the best for us. I’m sorry about that doctor crack, too.”
“What’s there to be sorry for? It’s not like I have a doctor boyfriend either.”
“Maybe not yet, but you could if you wanted to. I mean it, Autumn. That man has a thing for you.”
“Sex maybe,” she said, wishing it was more. “But Jude Southerland is not interested in anything more serious. He can’t be. We’re from two different worlds.”
“I don’t think he believes that and neither do I.” She grabbed Autumn’s arm so she’d look at her. “He spent his Sunday painting your room and playing with my kid. That’s not a booty call. I’m telling you; he wants more. And you’re a bigger fool than I am if you don’t go for it.”
 


Chapter 10
Jude held the paint roller under the outside faucet and laughed along with Abby as it spun and sprayed a thin stream of paint and water over the grass. And his jeans.
“Think it’s so funny?” he said taking a step back from the spray. “Next roller’s yours, kid.”
“Nu uh. My momma wouldn’t like it if I got paint on my clothes, even if they are my play clothes,” she said solemnly. “You better do it.”
She looked up at him with big blue eyes which mirrored her mother’s and aunt’s. In ten years, the boys were going to be all over her. He hadn’t come out and asked, but he didn’t think her father was in the picture. Someone was going to have to look out for her. 
“Thanks for the pizza. It would be really nice to do that again. Maybe next Sunday?”
She gave him her best I’m an angel smile and he changed his assessment. On second thought, it was the Bedford boys who were going to be in trouble. She was already a charmer.
“I’d like that. We’ll have to convince you mom and aunt.” He squeezed the excess water from the clean roller and picked up the paint filled one, careful this time to stay out of the spray.
“I’ll take care of Momma. You work on Aunt Autumn. I heard her and Momma talking. She likes you.”
“What did she say?” He straightened so fast the spray from the roller caught him across the shins again.
Abby hid her smile behind her hands. Yep, the boys were definitely going to be in trouble.
“She calls you Dr. McHottie.” She laughed out loud, unable to hold it in any longer.
“Does she?” he said, feeling pretty damn smug. “What do you want on next week’s pizza, kid?”
“Pepperoni and cheese.”
“You picked all the pepperoni off of your pizza.” He knew because he’d put her tidy stack of abandoned pepperoni on his own slice.
“I know. I just want it on there to start.”
“Dr. McHottie, huh?” Abby nodded and he grinned. “Pepperoni it is.”
He finished rinsing the roller and brushes while she watched and peppered him with questions about his family and how many brothers and sisters he had. She didn’t seem to believe him when he told her.
“I’m an only child,” she said. “Like Princess Sophia used to be before her momma married King Roland and she got her brother and sister.”
He wasn’t sure who Princess Sophia was, but it didn’t seem to matter to Abby. She chattered on without needing much input from him beyond the occasional noise to assure her he was listening.
The early evening light shone strong, but the sun had started its slide toward twilight. It would be cool after the sun set. His bare feet in the wet grass coupled with his damp jeans already made him feel cooler than was comfortable. Christ, he should know better. Abby had just gotten over her sore throat. He needed to get her inside before she caught a chill. 
“Come on, Miss Abby, let’s get you inside before that frog comes back,” he said, gathering up the clean brushes and rollers. 
“You know my throat just hurt. There never was a frog,” she explained patiently.
“Yeah, I know. I was just trying to impress your aunt.”
“With a frog?” She wrinkled her nose.
God, he liked this kid. She was as feisty as her aunt. “Good point.” 
“Besides it’s the smell that makes my throat hurt.”
“What smell, baby?”
“Dwayne makes it stinky. Princess Sophia can talk to her rabbit.”
“Really,” he said, wondering how to get her to tell him more about Dwayne. “I’ve got a dog.”
“Can he talk?”
“Not exactly.”
“Can I meet him?”
“If it’s okay with your aunt, I’ll bring Max next week.”
“Max,” she said with a smile. “Good name.”
Pushing aside his uneasiness, he caught her by the hand. He’d talk over his concerns with Adam. It might be nothing, and if it wasn’t, they’d fix it. He squeezed the small warm hand wrapped in his much larger one. Nothing was going to hurt Abby. Not if he had anything to do about it. She was going to be family and he always took care of his family. 
Now to convince her aunt that she was his family, too. Thanks to the kid, he had a pretty good feeling that she wanted him. The hard part was going to be not giving in to the longing for her which had quickly grown from want into need. But he didn’t want to just take her to bed. 
He wanted her. God knew he wanted her, but he wasn’t willing to settle for just sex. He was pretty sure if she gave him her body tonight – his stomach clenched at the thought – she’d hold back her heart. As hard as it would be to go home to his empty bed, he’d do it for the chance to win all of her.

Autumn watched Jude and Abby traipse into the house, carrying the clean rollers and brushes. Abby said something she couldn’t hear and Jude smiled, looking at the little girl with real affection. She couldn’t believe it was possible but watching him with her niece made her want him even more.
She thought about what Summer had said and the longing she felt moved through her body like melted wax, pooling with heat low in her belly. She could admit to herself that she wanted more from Jude Southerland than a sexy fling but she still couldn’t accept that he did. 
It didn’t matter. They were adults. There was no good reason they shouldn’t enjoy each other’s bodies. Sex without strings or commitment between two people who respected each other could be fun. At least she imagined it could be. She’d never tried it before but plenty of other people did it. She cringed as she heard Gran’s voice in her head saying Autumn Mae Maddox if plenty of other people jumped off the Overlook, would you? 
Shaking her head to clear it, she willed her Gran or her conscience quiet. It had been a miserable year. She deserved some fun, and if his kiss was any indication, sex with Jude might burn through her inhibitions and fears. He could be exactly what she needed.
“We need to get going,” said Summer. “It’s a school night.”
Abby must have been worn out because she didn’t complain. She hugged Autumn tight and Autumn swung her up into her arms.
“Thanks for the help today, Abracadabra.” She whispered the words into Abby’s soft hair.
“You are welcome,” Abby whispered back and then she leaned even closer, pressing her lips against Autumn’s ear. “Dr. McHottie likes you. He told me.”
Autumn coughed to hide her shock. How did Abby know that’s what she and Summer called Jude? “Did he? Well don’t call him that, okay?” she murmured. “He’s Dr. Southerland to you.” 
Abby nodded as she set her down and then to her surprise she repeated the process with Jude. She gave him a big hug and when he lifted her up she whispered something in his ear that made him laugh out loud. Oh Lord, that kid was dangerous.
“Don’t be a fool. Do Dr. McHottie,” Summer whispered as she kissed her cheek.
“Did you know your daughter called him that?”
Summer pulled back, stunned. “She did not.”
“Oh yes she did.”
“Did what?” asked Jude.
“Nothing, nothing. We’ve got to go. We have a lot to talk about in the car,” she said, looking at Abby. The little girl, however, didn’t look worried. If anything, she looked pleased with herself.
Autumn closed the door and turned to find Jude watching her. Her pulse kicked up a notch.
“You don’t have to go do you?” Please say no.
“No, not yet.” 
He took a step toward her and her heart threatened to beat out of her chest. 
“I’m going to change out of my paint clothes,” she said, taking a nervous step back. “I’ll be right back.”
She fled up the stairs and into her room. Why couldn’t she just enjoy herself? She was always running away from him. It was crazy and she was tired of being crazy. She’d get changed, go downstairs, and convince Jude to have wild monkey sex with no strings attached. If what Abby said was true, he shouldn’t take much convincing.
Changing into lingerie would be too obvious so she grabbed a pair of black yoga pants. They made her butt look good and it wouldn’t look like she was trying. She put on her best panties and bra and added a blue t-shirt the same color as her eyes with a scoop neck which showed off her breasts. She left her feet bare to show off the pretty cherry polish she’d painted her toenails before church.
She looked at her reflection in the cheval mirror in the corner of her bedroom. The crack in the glass shifted her reflection in two, but it was the only reason Lindsey had left it behind. Not bad. Pretty but casual. The clothes hugged her curves but didn’t look too obvious. She tugged the t-shirt a little lower, exposing more of the tops of her breasts. She could do this. Walk downstairs, seduce Dr. Southerland and not worry about what happened afterwards.
She found him fiddling with the TV, clicking from one snow filled channel to another. He looked up, sheepish.
“I thought maybe we could watch the game.”
Of course he did. She rolled her eyes. “No cable, sorry.” She walked past him, putting a little swing into her hips. This wasn’t so hard. She could do this; seduce Jude into mind blowing sex with no commitment. Piece of cake. 
She opened the door to the ancient fridge and bent to look inside. If only she had some cake. Looking harder didn’t put more food in her refrigerator. Pizza, jug of cider and thanks to a late night snack and breakfast, a quarter of the pot pie from yesterday. Jude brought the beer and soda, and she had some wine. Her gaze landed on the plain white bakery box pushed to the back of the fridge by the pizza box. Apple dumplings. How could she forget those?
“I still don’t have much in my fridge,” she called, tugging to try to get box with the apple dumplings past the pizza. “Do you want pizza or…” She stood, clutching her treasure, and walked into Jude. 
The box crunched between them, and he reached out to steady her. She looked down at the dented box and then up into his eyes, more green than brown in the kitchen light.
“Pot pie?” she said, breathless.
“Later.” He took the box and set it on the table and looked down at her, scanning her face for a moment before his gaze rested on her mouth. He bent his head and brushed her already parted lips with a kiss that managed to be hungry and tender at the same time.
She melted into him, her hands sliding around his waist and up his back. The muscles of his back bunched under the worn cotton of his t-shirt as he hauled her up against him and kissed her senseless. She gave as good as she got, nipping his lip, tasting and teasing him, and smiled into his mouth when she felt him shudder under her hands.
He kissed her, moving her backwards until they bumped into the table. Nibbling along her jaw, he buried his face in her curls and kissed the tender skin behind her ear. Her head fell back so – please God – he’d do it again. He did, nipping, nibbling, and kissing his way along her neck from her ear to her collarbone. 
It felt so good; she felt her own trembling start. Head back, eyes closed, defenseless under his mouth, she felt the world shift and then realized he’d lifted her in his arms. She reached out to brace herself as he sat her on the table between the bakery box and the bowl of apples. Sliding the box to the side, he caught her mouth and kissed her hard before pulling back to look at her.
He kept his eyes on hers and reached for the hem of her t-shirt, watching her face as he lifted her shirt revealing her blue lace bra. She held her breath and raised her arms so he could peel off the shirt. His eyes darkened from green to brown and his lips parted on a sigh. The expression on his face made the breath catch in her throat.
“My God, you are beautiful.” 
He traced a finger down her throat to the tops of her breasts and she clutched the edge of the table. Her breasts tightened under his teasing touch, nipples pebbling in anticipation. He kissed his way down her neck to her shoulder, sliding her bra strap down her arm and licking the mark it made on her skin.
She grabbed him and felt the solid strength of his bare arms under her hands. His head moved in front of her as he repeated the process with her other shoulder and she breathed in the scent of him, some kind of spicy citrus and warm man.
He kissed a path down the center of her chest until his warm breath tickled the tops of her breasts. He licked under the edge of the lace and her nipples tightened to impossible points, aching for the warmth of his mouth. Reaching for him, she tried to guide his head with her hands and let out a frustrated noise when the bra straps caught her arms.
“Got it,” he murmured against her skin. 
He reached behind her and one by one she felt the hooks on her bra give way under his fingers. He stepped back and she shrugged loose from the blue lace, baring her breasts to him.
“Sweet Jesus.” He whispered the words like a prayer.
Her chest flushed with heat and need. She clung to the edge of the table and arched her back, offering herself to him. One hand cradled her back while the other cupped her breast and then his mouth was on her and she lost her mind. He molded her breast with his hand while his hot mouth suckled her, drawing the tight peak deep into his mouth.
“So good,” she groaned. “That feels so good.” 
She clutched at his arms, at his shoulders frantic for his mouth on her tender skin. Sliding her fingers into his hair, she held him to her and felt his hungry groan rumble through her nipple. 
Ignoring the shifting of the old table, she scooted closer to the edge, wrapped her legs around him and pulled him tighter into the v of her body. It had been so long since she’d been intimate with anyone and she wanted him so much. She felt her own wetness seeping through the yoga pants as she rocked into the long, thick length of him. With his mouth suckling her and his hard erection pressing against her hot, wet core, she could almost go off. 
He released her nipple and she fought a disappointed whimper. Leaning back, he put enough space between them to slip his hand into her pants and inside her. Her disappointment turned into heat, flaring from her core and spreading through the rest of her body. She clenched around him, crying out as he curled two fingers inside her and stroked. He pressed small circles on her clit with his thumb while the strong slender fingers of his doctor’s hand found the spot just inside her opening and set up a rhythm which threatened to have her thrashing off the table.
She clutched at him, desperate, and tried to reach the button on his jeans. She wanted him inside her, wanted to feel him lose control with her, but he dodged, keeping just out of her reach.
“Please, please,” she pleaded as his hand drove her relentlessly toward her climax. 
“Let go, baby.” He bit her bottom lip, licking and teasing her with his tongue. When the orgasm crashed over her, he caught her cries with his mouth, kissing her and holding her tight while waves of pleasure rolled through her and she came apart in his arms. 
When she was able to open her eyes he was staring at her, his eyes dark and glassy with desire. She felt him draw a deep shuddering breath and saw something which looked like uncertainty pass through his eyes.
“Will you let me in?”
“Of course.” She licked her lips still swollen from his kisses and reached for the button on his jeans.
He stepped back and she felt cool air replace the heat from his body. His hand cupped her face, tipping it up to look at him.
“Not just inside your body,” he said, his breath ragged. “Will you let me love you? Will you love me?”
What the hell kind of question was that? What did he mean? Her lust addled brain stuttered. He could not be asking for some kind of commitment from her. This was supposed to be just sex. 
“What do you mean? You gave me the best orgasm I’ve had in…well ever. I’d buy you a pony if you asked me right now.” She reached for him again and this time when he pulled away she felt cold and vulnerable. Sitting up straighter, she reached for her shirt.
“Don’t cover yourself; not yet. God, you’re so beautiful.”
“Well then take me upstairs.” She was so confused. Why would he want to look at her naked breasts, give her an amazing orgasm and not want to have sex with her? He was a doctor. Maybe it was a health thing. “I haven’t been with anyone in over a year. I’ve been tested.” The test had been part of her company’s new insurance plan, not because she had sex with anyone in …well too long to remember. “I’m clean.” Ugh. She hadn’t meant it to sound like that. “I mean no diseases and I’ve got condoms.” She held the shirt in front of her and fought the urge to hide her head along with her breasts.
He pulled her into his arms and lifted her off the table. She thought they’d go upstairs, although the talking had cooled some of her passion. Instead he held her tucked tight against his chest and kissed the top of her head. She felt his heart beat, warm and strong, through the thin cotton of his t-shirt and breathed in the scent of laundry soap and man. She also felt the hard length of his erection pressing into her belly. When she reached for him, he caught her hand.
“When we make love, it’s going to be making love. I want more than just your amazing body, Autumn. I want all of you.” She felt him swallow against the top of her head. “I don’t know who broke your heart, but I’m going to earn your trust. And we will make love.”
He wanted more. She’d finally decided to try sex without commitment and Jude Southerland, the one man she didn’t believe she could have a future with, wanted a commitment. What the hell? 
She turned her puzzled face up to him, determined to make some kind of sense out of this crazy situation, but he silenced her with a kiss. Her arms went around his neck and the press of their bodies kept her shirt from falling to the ground. She parted her lips, inviting him in and met his tongue with her own. He groaned, holding her head in his hands and crushing her mouth with his.
He took a shaky step back and her shirt hit the floor.
“Jesus.” 
His expression looked pained and she almost pushed to get him to take her upstairs. But she didn’t think she could take it if he rejected her again or worse gave her more earth shattering pleasure without letting her reciprocate. She crossed her arms over her breasts and watched him wrestle with himself. 
“I’m sorry. I’ve got to get out of here before …I’ve got to get out of here. I’ll see you tomorrow,” he stuttered as he backed up to the door. He reached behind him for the handle but before he let himself out, he looked at her determined. “I will earn your trust, Autumn. And we will make love.”
He hurried out the door closing it behind him and she stood covering her naked breasts with her hands. Well just hell. She bent to snatch up her shirt and grabbed the mangled box of dumplings and a spoon.
 

He’d lost his mind. That was the only answer that made sense. He had lost his ever loving mind. Autumn Maddox stood in front of him with her unbelievably gorgeous fucking breasts naked – in front of him – and he’d walked out the door. She wanted to have sex with him and he turned her down. What the hell was wrong with him?
She felt so good, so perfect in his arms. He’d watched her blue eyes turn to sapphire when he peeled off her t-shirt and bared her magnificent breasts. And the way it felt to have her in his mouth. Jesus. He’d suckled her and she arched, offering herself to him. 
She’d pulled him to her, and he’d felt her hot and wet for him through those stretchy black pants, and he almost lost it, dry humping her like a horny teenager. He had to touch her. He had to claim her somehow. When he slid his fingers into her and she came apart in his arms, he almost followed her. 
He had never wanted a woman more and he turned her down because suddenly he wanted more than just sex.
What the hell was wrong with him?
He slammed the car door and made the short drive to his cold, dark apartment. He didn’t want to go home. Max was staying with Adam. He could go pick up his dog, but not without talking to his brother and there was no way he could explain what happened tonight to anyone in his family. 
He didn’t understand it himself. Since when did he have a problem having sex without a commitment? He didn’t sleep around. He was careful and respectful, but usually his problem, if there was one, was avoiding hurting a partner who wanted something more serious than a good time. Now he was the one who wanted more.
He stomped up the stairs, feeling his hard-on throb with each step. He wouldn’t be able to walk this one off. He tossed his shirt on the floor and reached for the button on his paint spattered jeans. It wasn’t until he slid his jeans and shorts to the floor that he realized he’d forgotten his shoes. He driven the car and made it the whole way into his house without noticing his bare feet. 
It was official. He’d lost his mind. 
He went into the bathroom, his still hard cock leading the way and turned on the shower. Not bothering to wait for it to get warm, he stepped under the spray and gasped as the cold water hit his back. He stood, letting the sting of the water pound against him until the ancient water heater kicked in.
When steam finally filled the shower, he reached for the shower gel and squirted some of the spicy citrus soap into his hand. He made quick work of washing his body. Turning his back to the spray, he rinsed off and let the hot water run off his scalp and down his back. 
He closed his eyes and all he could see was Autumn, sitting on her kitchen table, breasts bare, her nipples tight and red from his mouth and her lips swollen and parted from his kisses. Autumn offering herself to him, pulling him into the hot v of her body. Autumn milking his fingers with her spasms as she came in his arms. Under his hands. Under his mouth.
He squirted more soap onto his palm and cupped his balls. He’d been hard for so long they were tight against his body, aching for release. Tugging and soaping, he worked the wrinkled skin and imagined her small hands on him instead of his larger stronger ones. 
His cock was so hard it throbbed with the beat of his heart. He grabbed it in his soapy hand and worked it up and down, stroking himself and wishing it was her hot mouth on him instead of his hands. In moments he groaned his release, but he was nowhere near satisfied. The only woman who could do that was alone in her own bed across town. 



Chapter 11
Autumn sat on the porch, breathing in the cool, clean air and waited for Jude to show up. He’d been to her house every night that week. After a painfully awkward day at work on Monday where Kristen looked at both of them liked they’d lost their minds, he’d shown up on her doorstep with his enormous dog and a bag of subs. The three of them shared the sandwiches and two of the beers from the six pack. They rocked on the porch glider, fingers twined and Max sleeping at their feet, and talked. He told her stories about his brothers and sisters and she told him about Matty and Summer and her dreams about her imaginary father.
When it got dark enough for the porch lights to go on up and down the street, he pulled her into his arms and kissed her like he couldn’t get enough. She staggered, a little dazed when he released her, and watched him and Max walk off into the rapidly fading light. 
It had been like that all week. Tuesday night was Chinese takeout and beer. They ate with wooden chopsticks, balancing the cartons on their laps and talked about college and medical school. Wednesday was pizza and the last of the six pack. Every night, he and Max showed up with food, sat on the porch until dark and then left. They never came into her house and Jude never did more than kiss her goodnight.
It didn’t matter. She felt more heat in his kisses than she had in her previous fumbling sexual encounters. Just sitting next to him on the porch made her skin come alive and when his lips found hers she wanted to give him everything. All of her. 
The funny thing was she was starting to believe she could. He’d been courting her and it was working. He’d sat on her front porch in full view of the whole town and held her hand. He told her stories about his family and listened to stories about hers and inch by inch the distance between being a Southerland and being a Maddox started to close.
She’d started to count on his visits. On the way home from work, she picked up ice cream to go with whatever he brought for dinner, a giant bone for Max and on a wave of optimism, a case of Yuengling. If they kept going like this, that would give them almost two more weeks’ worth. She gave a push with her bare toes against the peeling porch boards, sending the glider swinging. 
She was starting to trust him. In her head, she’d known all along he was trustworthy. He was so steady. But her heart finally caught up. He wouldn’t be careless or hurt her on purpose and he’d been clear; he wanted a relationship with her.
She wasn’t ready to say she loved him, just the thought felt huge. But it didn’t seem impossible anymore and if he asked her again if she would let him in, she could say yes.
The Jag pulled up in front of her house. The passenger door opened and a gigantic black Newfoundland sprang from the front seat and barreled toward the porch.
“Max! Knock it off.” Jude climbed out of the driver’s side carrying a bent bucket of chicken and looking frazzled. “I mean it, you filthy beast. Lay down.”
Max reached the porch and rested his huge black head on Autumn’s lap. He looked at her with woeful eyes which begged her to intercede on his behalf.
“Oh poor baby.” She stroked his head and crumbs fell onto her lap. “Whatever he did couldn’t be that bad.”
Jude stomped up the steps and Max cuddled closer to her. She knew it was all show. The dog loved Jude and the feeling was mutual. She played along, wrapping her arm around his massive head and pretending to shield him with her body.
“Ask him what he did to the chicken. Go on ask him.”
Autumn looked at Jude like he was touched in the head but she turned her attention to the lovable furry face. “Max, what did you do with the chicken?”
The dog laid his huge paw across his black nose, hiding his eyes, and she burst out laughing.
“That’s right. You should be ashamed.” Jude scolded the dog, shaking his finger and towering over both of them. “Look at this.” His fingers swiped at the crumbs on her skirt. “We walked to Hawk’s to get chicken for dinner, but one of us thought it was a good idea to knock the bucket out of the other one’s hands. And then gobble up the chicken when it fell to the sidewalk.” He turned his head in disgust. 
“Is he okay? Chicken bones aren’t good for dogs, are they?”
“He’s fine.” He glared at the dog who snuggled in closer to Autumn. “We had to wait for them to make more. By then we were too late to walk here so we had to go back for the car.” He collapsed on the glider next to her, and Max lay down, resting his head on his paws.
“You didn’t have to hurry.” He looked so frustrated, clutching the bucket. She reached out to touch his face.
“I didn’t want to wait. I wanted to be with you.”
She heard the honest desire in his words and her heart melted. She leaned in to kiss his cheek, but he turned to meet her. Her lips brushed his, and she stroked his face, letting her fingers run over his five-o’clock shadow. 
“I’m glad you’re here,” she said a little breathless.
“Me, too.” He caught her hand and kissed her fingertips, the simple touch sending heat through her body. “But he ate the biscuits in the car, box and all.”
Laughing, she squeezed his hand. “It’s okay. I got ice cream and extra beer.” She rose to go get the beer and he started to get up to help. “I got it; stay with Max.” 
He scowled at the dog and leaned back in the glider.
When she came back carrying napkins, paper plates, and two bottles of beer, his eyes were closed and his head tipped back. The bucket of chicken sat untouched on the seat beside him and the dog’s head rested on his feet. He looked tired. He worked so hard during the day and then spent every evening with her, usually walking the whole way home afterwards. 
Balancing the plates and beer in one hand, she reached out to brush a stray lock of hair off his forehead.  He opened his eyes and gave her a sleepy smile. 
“We can go inside. You could stretch out on the couch. Or if you’re too tired, we could try this another time.” She was surprised at the disappointment she felt at the thought of him going home early. She really had gotten used to their nights together.
“No.” He struggled to sit up straighter on the glider, nudging Max out of the way. “I wait all day for this.”
“Good,” she said, ridiculously happy. “Me, too.”
He grinned at her and she handed him a beer. She sat, picked up the bucket, and pried off the cardboard circle keeping the chicken in place. The bucket looked a little worse for wear, but Max hadn’t gotten to the chicken. 
“Leg or breast.” She watched his eyes grow dark, the hazel turning almost brown. He licked his lips and heat shot straight to her core. 
“Both.” His voice sounded ragged and she could tell he wasn’t thinking about chicken anymore.
She fished out a breast and drumstick and put the chicken on his plate. He watched her lick the grease from her fingers and she fought to keep her hands from shaking.
“God, this smells good.” She snagged her own piece of chicken. “I forgot how good Hawk’s chicken was.” She took a bite of crunchy skin and juicy chicken, closing her eyes with pleasure. When she opened them again, Jude was looking at her with naked hunger in his eyes. 
“Nothing,” he said, shaking his head.
“What?”
“Didn’t you ask me what was wrong?” His forehead creased and she fought the urge to smooth it with her fingertip.
“No.” 
“Oh, well nothing’s wrong.”
“Good to know.” She smiled at him. This was crazy. She didn’t want to stop at just a kiss tonight. She wanted everything. All of him. And if his answering questions she hadn’t asked was any indicator, he wanted more, too. She couldn’t tell him she loved him, although she was afraid it was becoming more true with each day. But she trusted him enough to let him in at least a little.
They ate the chicken and drank their beer. Max slept at their feet and the sun started to fade. When there was nothing left but crumbs she shoved the paper plates and empty bottle into the bucket.
“Do you want ice cream?”
“In a little bit.” He stretched his arm across the back of the glider and she settled in closer to him, enjoying the warmth of his body and the simple pleasure of rocking on the porch with Jude.
“You know; we’re going to have to stop eating like this. You’re a doctor. A vegetable never came near that meal tonight.” She felt his chest move in an almost laugh.
“Next time I’ll bring butter beans, too. They’re a vegetable, right?”
“Barely.” Butter beans were big lima beans with fat back or, in a pinch, a piece of salt pork cooked until they were soft as butter. Not exactly health food but so good.
They rocked and she snuggled closer, tucking her feet up under her skirt. She hadn’t bothered to change when she got home. She liked the way the fifties inspired dress with its cherry print, wide belt, and full skirt made her feel. And she’d caught Jude staring at her cleavage more than once during the day.  
She shifted her shoulders, giving him a clear view of the tops of her breasts showcased in the squared off sweetheart neckline. If he looked down maybe it would help convince him to take their relationship further.
She wanted to take their relationship – she could admit to herself that’s what it was – further. Before they did, though, she needed to tell him about work and the investigations and why she probably wouldn’t ever be able to work as an accountant in a big firm again. God, the last thing she wanted to do was tell clean-cut, pillar of the community Jude Southerland that she’d been involved in something the FTC investigated. Even though it hadn’t been her fault and she’d done everything she could think of to stay in the lines and play by the rules.
It wasn’t fair. All she’d ever done was try to fix the mess her mother left behind and play by the rules. She’d never gotten in trouble – never even gotten detention in school, and she still had to explain to him why her past was less than respectable.
“Are you leaving? Are you going back?” He said the words into the silence, and she heard the emotion in his voice as he waited for her answer.
“No, what made you ask?”
“You seemed quiet, like you were thinking about something. I was afraid you were trying to figure out how to tell me.” He wrapped his arm tighter around her shoulder. “I’m glad you’re staying. Really glad. Not that I had any intention of letting you go.”
She laughed but it got caught in her throat. Tears stung her eyes and she blinked furiously to keep them from falling.
“I can’t go back. There isn’t anything waiting for me.” Her voice trembled on the words and she fought hard for calm. She needed to tell him the truth, but now that she’d let herself start to believe that it didn’t matter she was a Maddox and he was a Southerland, she was afraid of how he would react. Easy money said there had never been a Southerland involved in anything even remotely unethical.
“What about your job? Marion used to brag about how you were one of the youngest women ever to make junior accountant at…where was it?”
“Chase and Maxwell.”
She heard his breath catch when she said the name and knew he was a least familiar with the scandals which had rocked the company. 
“I’ve been out of work for months.”
She expected him to ask her about work and the scandal. How much she’d had to do with the company’s failure. She hadn’t expected the question which ripped at her heart.
“Marion was dying. Why didn’t you come home?”
 


Chapter 12
She didn’t know how to explain it in a way he’d understand. Every story he’d told about his family showed how much he loved them. He’d do anything for them. All the reasons she’d stayed away – she didn’t want to worry her Gran, she couldn't come back to the town she’d fled as a failure – they all seemed so selfish.
“I didn’t want her to worry about me when she was dealing with her own problems.” God, it sounded lame and so inadequate. She wasn’t surprised when he pulled away from her.
“She loved you. She would have wanted to see you.” He sat up, pulling his arm from behind her, and faced her. “God, Autumn, you were practically all she talked about.”
“You don’t understand,” she said, her heart breaking all over again.
“Help me to. I’ve seen you with Summer and Abby. I know how much you love them. You’d do anything for them. I know you loved Marion, too. Help me understand why you didn’t come home.” He was pleading with her, begging her to make sense of something which was so foreign to the life of the golden son of one of the founding families.
She sat and let the unshed tears burn her eyes. As much as she hated pointing out how different their families were, how different their lives had been growing up, she needed him to understand why she hadn’t come home when Gran got sick. She drew a shaky breath.
“Momma was always a mess.” She remembered her recent thoughts about Emory and stopped. “Maybe that’s not fair. I don’t know what she was like before she married her first husband. They were a family, for a while at least, long enough for Emory, Lindsey, and Colin to know what it was like to live with both their mother and father.” 
Her cheeks burned, but she was done being embarrassed by things her mother had done. Trying to overcome her mother’s past had already cost her precious time with her gran. She wouldn’t let it take anything else from her.
“None of the rest of us had that. I never knew my father’s name and Summer and Matty’s father left when Matty was just little.”
Jude took her hand in his, silently urging her to continue.
“When Matty and Emory died she turned into a drunk. She drank herself to death.” Her voice sounded small in the growing twilight but now that she started, she wasn’t going to stop until she told him everything. His thumb stroked gentle circles on the inside of her wrist, reassuring without demanding anything. 
“I’m so sorry.” She heard him pause at the place where most people would say ‘I can’t imagine what that must have been like.’ But he didn’t say it and she loved him more because of it.
“She was a mess before the accident,” she said, shrugging her shoulders. “She had more boyfriends than I could count. She’d pick up a new guy and we’d end up with another live-in uncle for as long as it lasted. She never abused us – not really – she’d just forget we were there. Emory and Lindsey and Colin ended up doing their own thing. For a little while they even spent time with their dad.”
“Summer and I took care of each other and Matty.” As she said the words, the memories of she and Summer looking through empty cupboards trying to find something to feed their little brother came flooding back and angry tears threatened. She took a deep breath, willing them back. “Gran tried to help, but Mom wouldn’t let her. They used to fight.” Looking back, those arguments in the tiny trailer they lived in were the only times she’d heard her gran raise her voice.
“I know it was hard on Gran. She loved us and wanted better for us.”
“Marion was a force to be reckoned with.” Jude gave her hand a reassuring squeeze. “It must have been difficult for her not to be able to do anything.”
She nodded, not sure if he could even see her in the dimming light. “When Momma died Gran took us in and everything changed. I had clean clothes folded in drawers and supper on the table every night. It didn’t matter at first because Matty was gone.” 
Her voice caught and Jude lifted her hand to his lips, brushing a kiss over her knuckles. His touch was simple and undemanding, something for her comfort. She felt some of his strength flow through her fingers and knew she could tell him the rest.
“But after a while, I felt guilty because I liked living with Gran so much. Summer and I both did.”
“Of course you did. It had to feel good to have someone else take care of things. To take care of you.”
His voice held such fierce loyalty. Her stomach tightened, wondering what it would be like to have him take care of her. He was so dependable and steady. There wouldn’t be a responsibility he’d take on that he wouldn’t honor.
She didn’t want to be anyone’s obligation. She’d worked hard to prove that she could take care of herself and everyone around her. But, God, it might be nice to lean on someone – on him – for just a little while.
“Colin and Lindsey hated it,” she said, remembering the way Lindsey would scream at Gran, slamming the door on her way out. “They were used to doing what they wanted. They didn’t want to follow Gran’s rules. Lindsey got out and Colin got in trouble. He was never around much and Gran worried all the time.” 
She remembered coming downstairs at night and finding her gran, sitting at the kitchen table, waiting for Colin or Lindsey to come home. She’d vowed to herself never to put that tired worried look on her gran’s face. She would be the one no one ever had to worry about.
“I tried to do exactly what was expected of me. I got good grades, didn’t get in trouble at school, and when I graduated, I went off to college to make something of myself.” She turned and watched his profile. It was so important he understood her. She gave his hand a squeeze and waited for him to look at her. “Everyone else disappointed her. Her daughter, her family. I wanted to make her proud.” She tugged on Jude’s hand, willing him to understand. “I needed to make something of myself so she would be proud of me.”
He reached for her, cupping her face and letting his hand slide into her hair. “She was proud of you,” he said, looking into her eyes. “She talked about you at every visit. She never stopped being proud of you.”
The tears which had been threatening spilled from her eyes, making hot tracks down her cheeks. “But don’t you see? That’s why I couldn’t come home. I wanted to so much.” She stifled the sob that caught in her throat. “I couldn’t lie to her and I couldn’t let her see how bad things had gotten.”
He pulled her across the glider and onto his lap. She felt the steady beat of his heart against her cheek. Wrapped in the warmth and strength of his arms, she let herself cry for lost chances, missing time, and for Gran.

Jude couldn’t imagine what Autumn had been through. When she talked about Summer and Matty, he pictured Taylor and what it would have been like to try to take care of his baby sister by himself. His urge to protect Autumn and take away anything that hurt her was primal. But he couldn’t fight the past.
He held her warm, curvy body while she cried and made himself a million promises to protect her from any other pain that came her way. He stroked her back, willing her hurt and grief away. Eventually her crying slowed and she rested comfortably in his arms, her head against his chest. It had slipped from early evening to full twilight and the porch lights started to go on up and down the street. When she moved to get off his lap, he held her fast.
“Stay just a little longer. I like holding you.”
She snuggled in closer, and he started to rethink the wisdom of having her move around on his lap.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to cry on you.” Her voice sounded small in the dark under the porch and he held her tighter. 
“Don’t be sorry. I wanted to know. Thank you for telling me.” He felt her nod against his chest. Tucking her head under his chin, he looked out to the sidewalk and the figure watching them.
“Good evening Mrs. Adair. How are you?”
Autumn stiffened on his lap and the figure on the sidewalk leaned forward to peer at the porch.
“Doctor Southerland? Is that you?”
“Yes ma’am. You’re out awfully late tonight.”
“I’m doing that Weight Watchers thing,” she said in a stage whisper. “And I didn’t get in my walk earlier. What are you doing on that porch? Who’s that with you?”
Jude saw her squinting in the street light and grinned.
“I’m seeing Autumn Maddox.” He heard Autumn groan. “We’ve been enjoying the evening on her porch.”
“Really? Well isn’t that interesting. I better be on my way.” She turned without waiting for a response and power walked down the sidewalk.
“You know she’s going to be on the phone as soon as she gets home, burning her way through the Ladies Auxiliary phone chain. By morning everyone will know I was sitting on your lap on my front porch.” She let her head thump against his chest but didn’t move to get up.
“Don’t care.” He snuggled her tighter, enjoying the feel of her warm curves fitted against him. “You’re the one who was trying to hide us.” Us. He liked the way that sounded. He kissed the top of her head, breathing in the spicy floral scent of her shampoo. “I wanted to take you out in front of the whole town. You’re the one who insisted we eat here. We’re done with that by the way.”
She pulled back to look at him. “I like our evenings on the porch.”
“I do, too, but tomorrow night I’m taking you on a proper date.” She stiffened in his arms, but he kept going. “And Saturday I want you to come to the lake with my family to celebrate Bailey’s birthday.”
Before she could protest he cupped her face with his palm and brushed his thumb over her lips. She trembled in his arms, just the slightest tremor, and his body shot to attention.
“I’m not going to take no for an answer,” he said. 
He felt more than saw her nod. Tightening his grip on her, he bent and claimed her mouth in a tender almost chaste kiss that touched him more than a hundred other kisses had. He could feel the wet tracks of her tears on her cheeks and shifted so he could kiss them away, working his way up to place butterfly soft kisses on her eyelids. 
When he reclaimed her mouth heat and desire bloomed between them, and he knew she could taste the salt of her own tears on his lips. Fierce protective need unfurled in his stomach. He would do anything it took to burn her tears away and make it his night’s work – his life’s work – to replace them with pleasure.
Her tongue met his, tangling, tasting, and teasing, and as she opened for him, melting against him, the tenuous hold he had on himself threatened to dissolve. His hands stroked her back, running from the perfect curve of her hip up to play with the zipper on the back of her dress.  He started to tug and caught himself. 
“Inside,” he said, his voice raw and urgent. “Now. I can’t wait any longer.” 
All the passion that had been building since their day on the Peaks threatened to strip his control and he knew he needed to get her behind closed doors before he did something to embarrass them both. He didn’t care if the whole damn town knew he and Autumn were together but she deserved more than to be felt up on her front porch.
He urged her off his lap and to the door, never taking his hands off of her.
 


Chapter 13
She’d told him everything and he was still there, holding her, touching her. Even when Mrs. Adair showed up, he hadn’t hesitated. He’d claimed her. And he wanted her to spend time with his family.
Suddenly, wrapped in the warmth and safety of his arms, she couldn’t remember why things weren’t supposed to work between them. 
He guided her into the house, his hand a warm, solid weight on the small of her back. As soon as the door closed behind them he pulled her into his arms and kissed her, stealing her breath and melting any resistance she had left. He teased her lips apart with his tongue and she met him in a sliding, tangling dance. 
His warm fingers worked their way through her hair, anchoring her head in place, giving him complete access to her mouth. Her head started to spin, swamped with the scent and taste and feel of him. She felt her knees sag and worried she’d fall but he held her in place with his strong hands and an even stronger will. 
Plundering her lips, he took everything she offered him until she was gasping for breath. He pulled back to look at her with eyes gone dark with desire and she met his gaze, dazed but eager.
“I want to make love to you.” He searched her face, pinning her with the intensity of his gaze. “Will you let me?”
The question held so much more than the promise of a one night stand. He was asking her to let him love her and for her to love him back. The weight of her response stopped her for a moment and then she nodded, unable to speak.
His face split in an enormous grin. Before she caught her breath he was on her again, nipping and teasing the tender skin of her neck. 
“Where?” he asked, his lips pressed hot and demanding against her throat.
“Upstairs. Bedroom,” she said between gasps. 
Grabbing his hand, she tugged him toward the steps. He followed willingly, so close behind her she could feel the heat of him along her back. She led him past the room they had painted with Summer to the open door to her room. On the chance that they’d end up here, she’d tidied up and made the bed. 
The soft glow of the lamp on the dresser lit the jade walls, turning the room into a celadon box. She pulled her hand from his and went to the window to close the lace curtains. When she turned to face him the naked desire in his eyes stopped her steps for a moment.
“My God, you’re beautiful.” Taking two strides to meet her, he touched her hair and slid a finger almost reverently across her cheek. “Like something out of time.” He traced her neck and the edge of her dress with the back of his hand.
Everywhere his hand touched her skin bloomed to life, tremors of pleasure following the warmth of his fingers. When he cupped her face and drew her to him for a kiss, she melted against him. His hands slid from her cheeks to her hair and then down her back, pulling her even closer. She felt the hard length of him through the thin polished cotton of her skirt and instinctively fitted herself to him. 
When he felt her press against him he groaned and the kiss took on a hungry, more desperate edge. Head tipped back, lips parted she gave herself over the fire building between them. The fire he stoked with his hands and lips and tongue.
He reached for her zipper again and this time he didn’t stop himself. He tugged and she felt cool air hit her back as the fabric peeled away. His hand reached her waist and he pulled back so he could look into her eyes. 
She gave a little shimmy and watched his hazel eyes dilate to dark brown as the bodice of the dress fell to her waist exposing her. The cherry red bra had been a good luck charm. Something only she knew about which made her feel confident and sexy. From the look in his eyes, it worked for him, too. 
She reached behind her with both hands to finish unzipping her skirt. The position pushed her breasts forward in their lace demi-cups. Jude reached for her, catching her hands before she could finish with the zipper.
“Like this.” He held her wrists in his hand. “Stay just like this.”
The command in his voice sent heat racing across her skin and then his mouth found her exposed throat and the heat flamed higher. Holding her in place, he worked his way down her neck to the sensitive skin of her collar bones, pausing to linger in the hollow at the base of her throat. She let her head fall back to give him better access and felt the delicious arch in her back and the press of her breasts against him.
Still holding her wrists in one hand, he skimmed her side with the other, leaving a trail of pebbled flesh in the wake of his touch. His kisses moved lower and his hand slid up until he was cupping her breast while he kissed the creamy skin above her bra, his tongue tracing a line along the lace. 
His touch was teasing and light and everywhere but where she needed him most.  She arched harder, pushing herself against his hand and mouth. Willing him to move closer to the taut peak. His thumb brushed her nipple and she made a small needy noise.  When his tongue slid beneath the lace and found the puckered flesh, she cried out for him. 
His tortured groan rumbled across her skin as he rested his forehead against her chest for a moment. She felt his ragged breathing and knew he wanted her as much as she wanted him.
“Please,” she practically whimpered.
“Not yet, darling,” he said on a shaky breath.
He repeated the delicious torment with her other breast, finally sliding the strap off her shoulder and lifting her breast from the cup. With excruciating tenderness he pulled her aching flesh into his mouth. She couldn’t catch her breath, taking short gasps as he suckled her.
“So good, God. That feels so good.” 
Spurred on by her words he sucked harder and she cried out for him, desperate to have him inside her. Her legs had to give out. She couldn’t feel so much, be at the mercy of his hands and mouth and stay standing.
“Bed, please,” she said on a gasp.
He pulled away and she almost cried at the loss of his hot mouth on her swollen nipple. His hands shook as he unfastened the clasps on her bra and slid the zipper down on her skirt. He watched, eyes dark with desire, as she shrugged out of her bra and let the dress pool at her feet.
“Sweet Jesus on the cross.” He breathed the words like a prayer.
She stood naked except for her cherry red lace panties. The hunger in his gaze was more than enough reason to fight the urge to cover herself. Feeling the cool air on her skin, she basked in the heat of his gaze, forcing herself to stay still for a moment when all she wanted in the whole world was to reach for him.
“You are so beautiful.” He dropped to his knees in front of her like a man struck and any insecurities she’d ever had burned away in the naked hunger of his voice. His hands clasped her hips and he paused letting his head rest against the soft mound of her belly. 
With her wrists free she could finally get her hands on him. Threading her fingers through his hair, she cradled his head against her. She felt him sigh and the sweet tenderness of simply touching him threatened to overwhelm her.
The kisses started out sweet almost reverent, just his lips tender and chaste tracing a line across her belly. Before long they grew hotter, wetter, more demanding. He hooked his thumbs under the lace and tugged off her panties. She knew he’d be able to tell how aroused she was. She didn’t think she’d ever been this excited or felt this much. When his fingers found her, sliding through her silky folds to her core, she thought she’d fly apart.
He groaned. “So wet, God, you’re so wet for me.” His words sent another rush of heat through her.
He slid first one then two fingers inside her and her hands gripped his shoulders. He blew across her mound teasing the tight, wet curls and then he kissed her open mouthed like she was something delicious to eat. His tongue teased and flicked across her tight bundle of nerves and pleasure bloomed and swelled inside her. 
Starting a slow, steady, stroking rhythm with his fingers, he suckled her swollen needy flesh. Her fingers bit into his shoulders as she struggled to stay standing. Her breaths came in shallow gasps and wave after wave of pleasure built under the onslaught of his mouth and hands. 
He drove her on, relentless in his demands for her pleasure and she felt the tightening that was at the same time familiar and completely new. 
“I’m close. Please. I want you inside me.”
She felt him groan against her sensitive flesh but the pace of his fingers inside her never slowed.  She didn’t want to come again without him. She didn’t think she could take a repeat of Sunday, but her body didn’t care. Jude curled his fingers to stroke the rough patch of skin inside her tight channel and nibbled and licked the tight bundle of nerves.
Before she could protest again, pleasure uncoiled and whipped through her. Her climax stole her breath and made her legs go weak, the trembling in her limbs threatening to knock her off balance. Using his hands and mouth he drew out every last bit of her orgasm.
When the tremors finally started to subside, he stood and kissed her. She tasted herself on his lips and the heat flared again. Gently, he guided her until the back of her knees hit the edge of the bed. He pushed her down and she climbed into the center of the bed.
Naked, her body still pulsing with the lingering aftershocks of her climax, she looked up at him with eyes heavy-lidded with desire. She wanted him more than she’d ever wanted anyone, more than she thought was possible.
“Take off your clothes.” She pulled her bottom lip between her teeth and he moved like a man inspired, stripping off his shirt. He kicked off his shoes and slid his pants and boxers to the floor. When his erection sprang free, long and thick and hard, she licked her lips and reached for him. He groaned as her hand closed around him, all velvet covered steel.
“Not this time,” he said, peeling her fingers away. “I have got to be inside you.”
She lay back on top of the patchwork quilt and opened herself for him. He made a strangled sound and then he was on the bed with her, rolling protection down his length. He palmed her bottom, raising her hips and in one smooth movement, he slid into her.
“Jesus, God,” he said and then he started to move, long smooth strokes which touched every part of her. “I’m not going to last.” He groaned but it didn’t matter. She was already spiraling up to another delicious climax. When she felt the tightening start again, she leaned up and nipped at his throat.
“Let go,” she panted. “Come with me. Now.”
She felt his climax build, felt him swell and then pulse deep inside her, and then she was coming too, fracturing and shattering into a million pieces in the strength of his arms.
 

“You know if you leave you car parked out front, Mrs. Adair is going to see it and know you spent the night.” She dug a spoonful of ice cream out of the carton. Still relishing the first chocolaty bite, she poked around looking for one of the almonds. She loaded her spoon with the nut and some of the ribbon of fudge swirled through the ice cream and then passed the carton to Jude. “Your reputation will be ruined.”
“Don’t care.” He scooped up a huge spoonful of ice cream without even looking into the carton and popped it in his mouth. “I’m planning on doing it again. Often.” He nudged Max who lay sprawled across the foot of the bed. “You’re gonna spoil him if you let him sleep there.” 
When they’d gone down to the kitchen for the ice cream, they’d found him sleeping on the couch. In an act of self-preservation, he must have followed them into the house from the porch which was good since neither of them had thought about him during the kissing or what came after. He followed Autumn and the ice cream and claimed the foot of the bed while Jude was in the bathroom.
“Poor baby. He was completely neglected.” The dog raised his head just enough to look pathetic and she snagged the carton back from Jude.
“Neglected my ass.” He glared at the dog. “Chicken eater.”
“You can’t blame him for that. It was really good chicken.” She licked ice cream off the back of her spoon and watched his eyes grow dark. He took the carton from her and set it on the nightstand.
“Out Max. Now.” Jude pushed the dog off the bed and shooed him out the door, closing it with him on the other side.
He climbed back into bed and pulled her to him, covering them both with the quilt. Autumn curled against his chest and he traced her spine with his fingers, stopping when he reached the dimples at the top of her butt and then starting all over again. He held her, his arms wrapping around her in an attempt to keep the rest of the world away from them and when he kissed her, he tasted like chocolate.
 


Chapter 14
“There is something wrong with you.” Kristen looked at Jude like he was a patient on furlough from the state asylum.
It was the third time he’d gone into the wrong exam room. He couldn’t help it. He couldn’t think about anything except Autumn.  And every time he managed to get a hold on his libido he’d see her sitting at the computer in her sexy librarian skirt and the blouse that buttoned up the front and all he could picture was the way her hair had fanned across the pillow that morning in a sexy riot of curls.
He was worthless. 
If he could convince her to let him take her out for lunch or better yet upstairs to his bed, maybe he could get a grip.
“Do we have anyone else scheduled?”
Kristen rolled her eyes and spoke very slowly. “Not until two. Just like I told you the last three times you asked me.”
“I’m taking lunch.”
“Thank God. Take a walk too. Clear your head before you hurt someone or I hurt you.”
“Your concern is a balm to my heart, sweet Kristen,” he said, clasping his hands to his chest.
“Give me an ever loving break.” She turned in a huff and left the room.
Autumn was at the computer, her gaze intent on something on the screen. He walked up behind her and rested his hands on her shoulders, sliding his fingers under her hair. He could feel the warmth of her skin through the silk of her blouse and his blood started heading south. She smiled up at him with red lips that he knew exactly how sweet it felt to kiss and blue eyes rimmed with inky black lashes. It took every ounce of his control not to throw her over his shoulder like a cave man and carry her upstairs.
“Let me take you to lunch.” He watched her smile shift to concern.
“We shouldn’t. Kristen already thinks something’s going on. If we go to lunch together, she’ll know.”
“She’ll know anyway. You can’t keep a secret in this town and I have no intention of trying.” He bent and nipped at the tender skin behind her ear, breathing in the spicy floral scent that hung in her hair. “By tonight the whole town will know you’re mine.” He whispered the words against her skin and felt her tremble. It was almost enough to make him lock the door and clear the desk. God, he was a mess. “And Andrew and my brothers will know to keep their hands to themselves.”
“Doctor Southerland, are you jealous?”
“Hell, yes. What’s your point?”
“No point.” She laughed. “But I think we should at least wait until tonight to go public. Go on without me. Maybe if you’re not in the office distracting me I’ll be able to get some work done. I haven’t gotten a thing done all day.”
Reluctant but enormously pleased that he was messing with her concentration as much as she messed with his, he kissed her cheek and went off to find Andrew. If he couldn’t have lunch with Autumn, he could at least warn his friend to be on his best behavior at Bailey’s birthday party. And maybe the walk would help clear his head. He went upstairs to get Max. The walk would do him good, too. 

“Jude Southerland, you know better than to bring that dog in here.” Mrs. Overstreet shook her finger at him, but she wasn’t fooling anyone. He knew she slipped Max biscuits when he wasn’t looking.
“I know, Mrs. Overstreet. I won’t let it happen again.” He winked at her while he told what they both knew was a lie. “Is the good counselor in?”
“Go on back,” she said, shaking her head. “And tell him I’m taking lunch. I’ll put the sign on the door.”
“Yes, ma’am.” Jude bowed his head toward Mrs. Overstreet and led Max down the hall. He knocked but didn’t bother to wait for an answer before he opened the door to Andrew’s office. He set the white paper sack he was carrying on the desk and sank into a chair.
“No, no problem. Make yourself at home. I wasn’t doing anything important.” Andrew wrapped his hands around Max’s massive head and then scratched him behind the ears until the dog collapsed belly up on the floor.
“That’s what Mrs. Overstreet said, too. She’s taking lunch by the way. Ours is in the bag.”
Andrew gingerly opened the paper sack and peered in side. “Meatball subs. God, the grease is leaking through the paper. How can you eat this stuff?” 
“Don’t act like you don’t love it. You used to live on Jeno’s subs.”
“When I was eighteen. This is not how grown men eat. You’re as bad as your brothers.”
“If you don’t want it…come on, Max.” Jude stood and reached for the bag. Max laid on the floor and ignored him.
“Well, since you brought them.” Andrew picked up the bag and moved around the desk. “But we can at least eat them in the employee break room so I don’t get marinara on my papers. Come on, Max.” Max rose and obediently followed Andrew to the door across the hall.
“Traitor,” Jude murmured, trailing behind.
The employee break room was the original kitchen. A single row of cabinets lined one wall with a sink under the only window. A strawberry shaped cookie jar, a gift from Jude’s sister Bailey, sat on the counter. Jude lifted the lid intending to snag a cookie and set it down when he found the jar stocked with granola bars instead. Andrew grabbed two diet cokes from the refrigerator and set them and the bag on the small table in the center of the room. 
“Seems a little pretentious to call it an employee break room. Aren’t you and Mrs. Overstreet the only ones who work here?” Jude rummaged in the bag and pulled out three huge meatball subs wrapped in greasy waxed paper.
“Shut up,” said Andrew, taking one of the subs.
Max sat at Jude’s feet like the poster child for good Newfoundlands everywhere. “Oh, so now you’re my dog again.” Jude unwrapped the third sub and set it on the floor in front of the dog. “Here you go.” Max had practically inhaled the sub by the time Jude straightened again.
“Nice.” Andrew nodded to Max and popped the top on his diet coke.
“Can’t you keep some regular coke here?”
“Do you know how much sugar is in one of those things? Aren’t you supposed to be some kind of doctor?”
“Smart ass.” Jude took a swallow of his own soda and grimaced. “What makes you think the aspartame is any better? Studies are starting to show that stuff might have the same impact on your blood sugar as the real stuff and it doesn’t taste nearly as good.”
“We could drink water.”
“Naw, need the carbonation to wash down the grease,” Jude said around a mouthful of sub. He loved Jeno’s subs. Juicy meatballs cooked in rich marinara and covered with mozzarella on big yeasty buns that got almost as soft and gooey as the melted cheese.  

Andrew lifted his sub in mock toast. “Not that I’m not happy to see you, but why are you here aside from ensuring you’ll have a future patient?”
“I’m bringing Autumn to Bailey’s party tomorrow and I want you and my asshole brothers to behave.”
Andrew choked on his sub and started to cough. Jude moved to help him, but he held up his hand. 
“I’m okay. I’m okay,” he said between gasps. He took a swallow of soda and leaned back in his chair. “You’re bringing Autumn Maddox out on the boat tomorrow? To meet your family?”
“I’m not shopping for rings.” Not yet anyway. That would be crazy. Still, the idea didn’t freak him out which in and of itself should have freaked him out. “I want her to meet the family.”
For a moment they looked at each other both realizing that for Jude it was almost the same thing. He almost never brought anyone home to meet his family and he certainly hadn’t done it as an adult. It had been hard enough for him to keep women from getting too serious without introducing them to his parents. Now he realized there was nothing he’d like more than to have Autumn meet his momma and daddy and for them to get to know her. The thought distracted him so much, he missed what Andrew was saying.
“I don’t think it’s a good idea.”
“Don’t think what’s a good idea?”
“Haven’t you heard anything I said? Autumn. I don’t think it’s a good idea to introduce her to your family, especially not at something like Bailey’s birthday. She might get the wrong idea.”
 His anger rose and Jude inhaled nostrils flaring. “And what idea might that be?”
“That you’re serious about her. You know, meeting the parents and all.”
“I do know. That’s exactly the impression I want her to get. I am serious about her.” Jude kept a tight rein on his temper. Andrew was like a brother to him but he hated the implication in what he was saying, that somehow Autumn was okay to fuck but not good enough to build a future with.
“Are you sure? I mean you barely know her.  That family of hers is bad news. Her brother gets picked up for something every other week, and her sister’s live in – what’s his name – Dwayne is bad news. Rumor has it he’s into some serious shit.”
“I’m not interested in her family.” Not strictly true since he loved Abby already and he didn’t want anything bad to happen to her mother. He’d look into the Dwayne thing later, but for now he didn’t want to confuse the issue. “I’m interested in Autumn. She’s amazing – sweet, caring and responsible. She worked hard to make something of herself. It couldn’t have been easy. She didn’t have help from anyone but Marion. And if I’m remembering right, it wasn’t that long ago that you were interested in her yourself.”
“That was for some quick fun. It wasn’t for anything serious.” Andrew must have realized his mistake when Jude leapt to his feet. “I didn’t mean anything bad by that. You know I didn’t.”
“Whatever. Be nice to her tomorrow and make sure my brothers get the message, too. Max, come.” Jude walked out with the dog trailing after him, leaving Andrew alone with his half-eaten sub.

Autumn sat in her car in front of the Now and Then Antique Mall and listened to the phone ring. She tried calling Summer on Friday to tell her about things with Jude, but her sister hadn’t answered. After their amazing dinner at the Bedford Social Club there hadn’t been time for talking, but when Jude left this morning she decided to try again. She was nervous about meeting his family and thought maybe Summer could help calm her nerves. 
When her sister hadn’t answered again, she started to worry. She’d jumped in the car to try to find a birthday present for Jude’s sister, Bailey. If Summer didn’t answer this time, she’d go by the trailer and see what was going on. 
Eight rings, nine rings…
She pulled the phone away from her ear to hit the end call button when she heard her sister’s voice.
“’lo.” She answered, sounding groggy and breathless.
Autumn looked at her watch. Almost nine, more than late enough for Summer to be awake.  
“Hey sis, you okay?”
“Tired. What’s up?”
Autumn heard rustling and then the sound of cartoons in the background. Summer must have gone out to Abby in the other room.
“Jude and I went out last night.”
“That’s nice.” Summer sounded sleepy, and it wasn’t the response Autumn expected.
“Yeah, well.”
“No, tell me.” But she still sounded barely awake.
“Tomorrow,” said Autumn. “After church?”
“Sure.”
“Why don’t you let me pick you guys up?”  
“That’s okay. We’ll meet you there.”
Autumn hung up the phone, more worried than she’d been before she talked to her sister. She watched someone inside the antique store flip the open sign and climbed out of her car to tackle the day’s next challenge – what to get Jude’s sister for her birthday.
If she’d had more than two days’ notice, she could have gone out of town to get something or ordered the perfect gift online. Not that she had any idea what the perfect gift would be but she doubted she’d find it at the local Dollar General. That left the Now and Then. She knew Bailey was older than Summer and younger than she was and she worked as a chef or something, but that was it. Maybe she could find some kind of antique kitchen something.
As if she wasn’t nervous enough about meeting Jude’s family. He’d tried to put her at ease, but it hadn’t worked. She’d just started getting used to the idea of having a relationship with him. She wasn’t sure she was up to being introduced to his whole family. On a boat.
She wandered up and down aisles crammed tight with centuries worth of dishes and primitive furniture. Locked glass cabinets held remnants from the Civil War or the War of Northern Aggression as Mrs. Jacobs called it in her tenth grade history class.  Autumn started to feel hopeless. Unless she wanted to show up with a flint lock pistol or a blue willow spittoon, it didn’t look like she was going to find a present here.
“Can I help you find something?” the pretty young sales clerk asked. She looked like she was around Summer’s age but Autumn didn’t recognize her. 
“I’m looking for a birthday present.”
“What do you have in mind?”
“Oh, I don’t know. I don’t know her very well. She’s about your age.”
The young woman took a step back. “And you came here to find her a present?”
“Not the best plan, I know but I don’t have much time. I know she likes to cook. I think she works as a chef. The party is today. I’m desperate.”
“You don’t mean Bailey Southerland, do you?”
“Yes,” said Autumn not sure whether to be wary or grateful.
“I know the perfect thing. Follow me.”
Autumn followed the clerk down the aisle to a painted hoosier tucked in the corner. The clerk reached to the back and pulled out a ceramic owl cookie jar. It had an orange belly with painted feathers and two huge yellow painted eyes. The head lifted off to get to the cookies. It was hideous and adorable at the same time.
“Are you sure?” The little round owl had a definite appeal but it wasn’t subtle. Bailey would either love it or hate it.
“Positive. I went to school with Bailey. I’ve known her for years. She’s going to love it.”
“Okay, I’ll take it. Can you wrap it for me?”
While the clerk boxed the owl and found some pretty paper to wrap it in, Autumn caught her glancing at her like she was trying to figure something out. It made her uncomfortable but not enough to say anything.
“Are you Autumn Maddox?”
Caught off guard, Autumn nodded.
“I knew it! You’re seeing Doctor Southerland.” She said it like a statement not a question and Autumn’s stomach dropped. God, gossip moved fast in this town. “Momma has been talking about you for two days now. I’m Shelby Adair, Jean Marie Adair’s daughter. Were you really sitting on his lap on your front porch?”
Unable to form coherent words, Autumn nodded again.
“Good for you! It’s about time someone caught that man.” Shelby looked Autumn over from head to toe. “You’re pretty, too, and I know you didn’t get those clothes around here.”
Autumn looked down at her cigarette pants. “Thank you. No wait, I haven’t caught anyone,” she stuttered.
“You’re going to Bailey’s birthday party aren’t you?”
“Yes, but…”
“Jude Southerland hasn’t taken a girl home to meet his family since I was in grade school. Believe me, I’d have heard about it if he had. Whoever he’s dating is big news with the Ladies Auxiliary and my mother is president of the Ladies Auxiliary.” She finished taping the dusky lavender floral paper and started on the bow. “This is going to drive them crazy. Momma’s already gone on and on about a Maddox dating a Southerland.”
The way she said it, Autumn could imagine Mrs. Adair on the phone complaining to the other women in the town about her. She cringed and Shelby seemed to realize she’d said too much. 
“Don’t worry about them. They don’t know anything about anywhere but this small slice of the world.” She handed Autumn the present, her mouth turning up in an overly bright smile. “I like you already and I don’t even know you.”
“Thank you.” Autumn took the box and tried to muster enough enthusiasm so Shelby wouldn’t worry. What she’d said might be true. They might only know this small slice of the world, but it was the slice where Jude belonged. 
 


Chapter 15
By the time Jude pulled up in front of her house, Autumn’s nerves had managed to burn away most of what Shelby said. She’d worry about what the town thought later. She had to make it through the party with Jude’s family first.
She didn’t wait for him to get out of the car. She grabbed Bailey’s present and as much courage as she could muster and went out to meet him.
“Thanks for coming out.” Jude leaned across the seat for a quick kiss. “I was afraid if I went to the door the mongrel would eat the car.”
Autumn let herself sink into him for a moment, enjoying the feel of his strong warm chest through the cotton of his t-shirt under her hand. He’d just left her bed a couple of hours ago and she wanted him again already. He was an amazing lover – sweet and tender or demanding and possessive. She didn’t think she’d ever get enough of him. 
Heat flared between them. The kiss on her cheek which had started as chaste morphed to something hotter as his mouth found the sensitive skin behind her ear. She tipped her head, offering him her throat.
Max whined from the back and Jude leaned back in his seat. 
“We’ve got to go before I blow off my baby sister’s party to take you inside and back to bed.” His voice sounded ragged and she loved that she wasn’t the only one struggling with control. 
She sat back in her own seat and took a few deep breaths to keep from pouncing on him.
“Why does your car smell like chicken?”
“I told Bailey I’d get chicken from Hawks. She always cooks for everyone. She ought to get at least one day off. I had to put it in the trunk with the cooler to keep it safe from the chicken thief. But now he’s starting to eye the leather upholstery. You hurt my car and I’m taking you to the pound,” he called over his shoulder to the back seat. The dog lay down and put his huge head on his paws.
“I think you hurt his feelings.”
“That’s nothing compared to what I’m going to hurt if he goes after the chicken,” he said backing out of the driveway. “You didn’t have to get a present.”
“I wanted to.” She smoothed the slightly rumpled bow still unsure whether she’d made a mistake with the owl. “I wasn’t sure what to choose. I hope she likes it.”
“She will. Bailey is the easiest of all of us. She’s kind and grateful. She never gave my mom and dad any trouble.” 
His affection for his sister was so apparent. Autumn reached for his hand, loving him for the way he loved his family. He glanced at her and smiled, twining his fingers with hers and her heart kicked up another notch.
“She’ll like whatever you got her because you went to the trouble to get it. Don’t worry.” He raised her hand to his lips and brushed a kiss across her knuckles. “Everyone is going to love you.”
“Are all your brothers and sister going to be there?”
“Five of them plus Andrew. You know him already. He’s an only child. He practically grew up at our house.”
She nodded, grateful for at least one friendly face. 
“Travis is still in Afghanistan.” He sounded both sad and proud when he said it and it was her turn to kiss his hand. A quick press of lips against skin because she hated to think of him hurt or worried.
“You must miss him.”
“Every day. This is his third tour and God willing, his last.” 
He faced the road, but she saw the way his jaw tightened. She imagined how difficult it must be for someone who was used to taking care of everyone not to be able to take care of his own brother.
“Rachel lives in Charlottesville but she promised she’d be here. If she misses another family event Momma’s gonna have her head. Do you know Taylor? She might have been in your class.”
“She was a year behind me in Summer’s class. We weren’t friends but she always seemed nice.”
“She is. She’s a bit of a brat but she’s okay. It’s my brothers you have to watch out for. They are going to be all over you. Don’t believe anything they say.”
She laughed as they crossed the bridge, spanning the lake from Bedford to Franklin County.
“There’s Momma and Daddy,” he said as he turned the car into the marina parking lot. “Come on. I can’t wait for them to meet you.”

It wasn’t one boat; it was two. And she shouldn’t have been worried. Jude’s family accepted her right away. Jude’s father helped his mother onto one of the boats and he and his brothers carried coolers and stowed gear. Taylor and Rachel surrounded her while Bailey thanked her for the present.
Jude’s sisters were warm and friendly, ushering her to a seat near the back of the boat and peppering her with questions about her taste in music, her clothes, and what it was like working for Jude. She didn’t realize there was anything wrong until Jude’s brothers jumped on the back of the pontoon.
“Go, go quick,” Andrew said as he vaulted onto the boat. 
“On it,” said Adam.
“Hey Autumn, it’s good to see you again.” Andrew leaned in and gave her a friendly peck on the cheek on his way to the front on the boat. “Brats,” he said with affection, nodding to the other women. 
Taylor reached out and smacked his butt as he squeezed past them on his way to the captain’s chair. Autumn felt the engine start and then Blake slid onto the bench next to her.
“What’s in the box?” he asked, draping an arm over Autumn’s shoulder.
“Wait.” She started to rise but Blake’s arm held her in place. “Where’s Jude?”
“On the boat with Momma and Daddy. Don’t worry. We’ll hook up with them when we get to the cove.”
She looked behind them to see an angry looking Jude at the helm of the second boat.
“We just wanted a chance to get to know you. You’re the first woman Jude’s let us get close to.” Bailey said the words apologetically but Rachel and Taylor didn’t look at all sorry. They looked hungry.
“And,” Adam called from one of the front chairs. “We wanted to give you a chance to realize you’d chosen the wrong brother.”
“Exactly.” Blake wrapped his arm tighter around her and smiled, his brown eyes twinkling.
“Oh no. No way.” Autumn squirmed out from under his arm, pulled her sunglasses from the neckline of her t-shirt and slid them on. “Jude warned me not to listen to a word you said.”
“But darling, I’m the law. You can trust me.”
Beside her Rachel snorted and Bailey and Taylor grinned.
“I’m a business man – very upstanding.” Blake tried to put his arm around her again but she swatted him away.
“I’m a lawyer. You can trust me,” Andrew called from the captain’s chair. 
Taylor and Bailey bent over double with laughter.
“Did you really just use the trust the lawyer line?” Rachel peered over the rim of her sunglasses, her hazel eyes twinkling. They were so much like Jude’s and the sandy blonde hair she had slicked back into a ponytail matched his, too. Of all the Southerlands she was the one who looked the most like her oldest brother.
Andrew shot a quick glance at them over his shoulder. “Yes ma’am, I did.” He grinned and Rachel shook her head.
“You’re shameless.”
“Show us what’s in the box.” Blake nodded to Bailey.
The wind tossed Autumn’s dark curls around and she had to keep brushing them off her face. It caught the ribbon as Bailey started to unwrap her present. 
What had she been thinking? She should have given Bailey her gift later when they got back to the parking lot or something. It didn’t look like anyone else brought presents on the boat. If she was wrong about the gift there wasn’t anything to diffuse it. She’d just have to sit there watching Bailey pretend to like it while Jude’s brothers and sisters looked on.  And Jude wasn’t even there to save her. She cast a glance longingly at the other boat trailing at some distance behind them. 
Taylor took the wadded up paper and ribbon from her sister. Bailey wedged the box between her knees to hold it steady while she lifted the lid.
“Oh my God,” she gasped.
Autumn’s heart sank, sure she didn’t like it.
“It’s adorable. Look.” She held the owl up so Rachel and Taylor could see it. “It’s perfect. I love it.” She leaned over and gave Autumn a quick hug. 
Autumn had a flash of longing to be part of a big loving family like Jude’s, so different from her own.
“It is really cute,” Taylor said, tracing one of the big yellow eyes with her finger. “You don’t have one like it do you?”
“Nope, no owls.” Grinning, she took the jar back from her sister and set it on her lap so she could look at it.
“Bailey collects cookie jars,” said Rachel. “It really is the perfect present.”
“Shelby Adair at the Now and Then helped me pick it out.” 
“Shelby’s okay,” said Bailey.
“Maybe, but her mother is a disaster,” said Rachel. “She’s been trying to find wives for my brothers for years. If she knew what they were really like, she wouldn’t wish them on anyone. Except for Jude, of course. He’s the best of the bunch.”
“Funny,” said Blake, scowling at his sister. “That cookie jar didn’t come with any cookies did it?”
“Sorry.” Autumn shook her head and pushed the hair out of her eyes.
“You’re a grown man,” said Taylor. “How can you be hungry all the time?”
“High metabolism,” he said with a wink. 
It must have been true because he was as fit and sculpted as Andrew and the rest of his brothers. There wasn’t the start of a paunch on one of them.
“Coolers are on the other boat,” said Adam from the front. “We had to put them over there so we’d have enough room for the rest of us here.”
They’d obviously put some thought into separating she and Jude. She wondered what else they had planned. She didn’t have to wait long.
“So,” said Taylor with a mischievous grin. “What are your intentions towards my brother?”

Jude stood at the boat controls and fumed. He couldn’t believe he’d let his brothers and Andrew outsmart him like that. Hell, who was he kidding? The girls were in on it, too. His momma and daddy were the only innocent ones. And Autumn. She’d already been nervous. If they made her uncomfortable, he was going to murder them all and try being an only child for a change.
He revved the engine, trying to catch up to Andrew’s boat. Behind him, his mother let out a little gasp and patted Max’s head resting on her lap.
“Easy, son,” said his father. “You know your mother doesn’t like to go too fast. Don’t worry we’ll meet them at the cove.” His hand rested on Jude’s shoulder. “Do you want me to drive?”
God no, then he wouldn’t have anything to do but imagine what his siblings were saying to the woman he loved. His hands froze on the wheel. The woman he loved. On some level he’d known it was happening, known he was falling in love with Autumn, but he’d never had the thought so clearly before. So matter of fact.
“No, Daddy. I’ve got it.”
“Suit yourself, but slow down,” said his father, sliding into the chair next to him. “Your Autumn seems nice. Your mother says her grandmother was good people.”
Jude nodded. “She is. She was.”
“I’m happy for you, son.” He leaned back in the chair and pulled the brim of his hat down over his eyes.
If it had been Jude’s mother sitting up front there would have been questions and a lot more talking, but apparently that was it for his father. Jude throttled back the engine and watched the boat in front of him pull farther and farther away.
 


Chapter 16
“Wake up, Daddy. I need your help tying up.” 
While he’d driven, Jude had tried to come up with a way to make his siblings pay. When he pulled into the cove and saw Autumn stripping off her shorts and t-shirt to reveal a cherry red bathing suit, he lost some of his interest in revenge. It helped that she was laughing with his sisters and not paying any attention to his brothers or Andrew.
They were paying plenty of attention to her. Her bathing suit was modest. There was enough fabric in it to make three of the kinds of bikinis he often saw on women around the lake. Even his sister’s suits were skimpier. But something about the way the gathers showcased her breasts and the subtle boning hugged her curves was sexier than any string bikini. She looked like a dark haired Marilyn Monroe.
He pulled the boat beside Andrew’s and started yanking on the ropes all the while glaring at his brothers.
As soon as the boats were secure, he jumped across and pulled Autumn into his arms. He swallowed her startled squeal with a kiss, reveling in the feel of her sun warmed skin under his hands. When they parted, he looked into her beautifully dazed eyes and smiled with all the love he felt on display for everyone to see. Then he glared at his brothers and Andrew in turn.
“Good grief, you may as well pee on her,” said Taylor but her smile looked genuinely happy. 
“Told you,” Rachel said and Bailey nodded, smiling.
Jude looked up in time to see something that looked like concern flash across Andrew’s face. Before he could react it was gone and Andrew was moving past them to the other boat. When he looked down again, Autumn was staring at him, a frown creasing her brow.
“Something wrong?” she asked just loud enough for him to hear.
“No darling, nothing’s wrong. I might try being an only child, but that’s not a big deal.” 
Autumn laughed and his heart swelled at the carefree sound. Any nervousness she’d been feeling seemed to be gone. He’d still find a way to punish his siblings, but whatever they’d said and done had put Autumn at ease. He indulged himself in the feel of her warm curves filling his arms and then looked up in time to see Blake and Adam heading for the Sea-Doos.
“Touch it and die, little brothers!” Jude called over the top of Autumn’s head.
The twins froze on their way toward the side of the other boat. 
“We’re just gonna take a quick spin,” said Adam.
“No, no, no you’re not. You left me and our poor elderly father to tie them up and tow them.”
“Watch it with the elderly cracks,” said John.
“Sorry, Daddy.” Jude nodded to his father. Planting a kiss on the top of Autumn’s head, he grabbed her hand and started to lead her to the other boat. “Autumn and I are taking the first ride. If we bring them back with any gas left, maybe you can take them out.”
Autumn tugged his hand. “I’ve never been on one of those before. I can’t drive it.”
“Good,” he said as he helped her step across the other boat. “Then you can ride with me.”
He found them life jackets and helped her fasten hers, a little sorry when the neoprene hid her gorgeous breasts. He climbed on the Sea-Doo and Rachel helped hold it steady while Autumn got on behind him.
“Are you ready?”
“Absolutely,” she said against his ear, her arms wrapped tight around his waist.
He took off fast, eager to be alone with her on the water. She yelped and held on for dear life. Her thighs tightened around his and he felt her smooth legs against his bare skin. He could get used to this. The only thing that would make it better would be if they didn’t have two layers of life preserver between them and he could feel her breasts press against his back. Maybe he should get a motorcycle.
Turning the Sea-Doo in a gentle arc, he headed toward the open lake. It was late in the season – probably the last weekend it would be warm enough for this. The tourists and summer people were gone. The only ones left were locals which meant they had the lake practically to themselves. When they hit the open water he felt her body start to relax.
He slowed down enough for her to hear him. “Okay?”
“Perfect,” she said, leaning in to kiss the skin behind his ear. 
Definitely getting a motorcycle. He could have her wrapped around him wherever they went.
“Want to go to the dam?” 
He felt her nod, her face pressed against his neck. “That would be great. I’ve never seen it.”
He looked over his shoulder at her. How could she have grown up here and not seen the dam? Just one more example of the differences in their childhoods. He’d grown up across town from her, but his family had spent lots of time on the lake. Daddy bought the boat when they were just kids. They’d piled on it every summer until they outgrew it. Then after he started his practice Andrew had bought the other boat so there would be enough room for all of them again.
She grew up a half an hour away from one of the best bass lakes on the east coast and he bet she’d never even been out on the water. He was caught by an overwhelming urge to protect her, to give her everything she’d grown up without.
In the summer, the wide expanse where the Roanoke and Blackwater Rivers converged before the dam was filled with boats, but as soon as the kids went back to school for the fall, the lake emptied out.  He wove around the S curves, Autumn clinging to him, and the lake opened in front of them. The mountains came to a V with the dam in between. There were a handful of boats on the water but nothing large enough to make much of a wake.
He wove across the water and heard Autumn squeal with delight behind him. The sound of her laughter was enough to keep him zipping back and forth. After a few passes, Rachel and Taylor caught up with them and they raced each other back to the cove like they’d done as teenagers.


“This can’t be your first time on the lake, can it?”
The question was innocent enough, but something in Andrew’s tone made Autumn uncomfortable.
“Yes, it is. It’s beautiful out here. I can see why you love it.” Balancing a paper plate on her lap, she took a sip of her diet coke and tried to look confident. 
“I can’t believe you’ve lived here all your life and have never been out on the lake.” Andrew was perfectly polite, his soft southern drawl oozing charm. But his words made her feel like she was facing off against Mrs. Adair instead of Jude’s best friend.

“It’s not something my family did. It really is beautiful.” She looked out over the water to avoid having to make eye contact with anyone. 
“I believe I met your grandmother, dear,” said Jude’s mother. She looked so put together in her white windbreaker and khaki capris. Even the wind didn’t have the nerve to mess up her smooth silver bob, but when she looked at Autumn her eyes were kind. “She belonged to the garden club, didn’t she?”
“Yes, ma’am. She loved to garden.” Autumn smiled at the older woman, grateful for the change of subject.
“I remember. She had the most beautiful camellias. I’m so sorry for your loss.”
“She raised you and your brothers and sisters, didn’t she? After your mother died,” Andrew asked even though he already knew the answer.
He watched her with a prosecutor’s eyes. She had no idea what she’d done to deserve the extra scrutiny. She hadn’t seen him since they finalized her gran’s estate. He hadn’t seemed at all adversarial then. If anything, he’d been a bit of a flirt.
“She did. We were lucky to have her while we did.” Autumn reached for a biscuit she didn’t want, desperate for something to do with her hands. Max inched forward from where he sprawled under the flip down table to rest his head on Autumn’s bare feet. Either he sensed her mood or he had his eyes on the biscuit. Probably the biscuit.
“You know Autumn’s brother, Colin, don’t you Adam?”Andrew asked with mock innocence.
Adam looked up from his plate of chicken, a wrinkle creasing his brow.
“Knock it off, Andrew.” There was steel in Jude’s gaze as he stared down his friend.
Autumn didn’t understand what she’d done to Andrew, but she didn’t want them to fight because of her.
“Isn’t there supposed to be some kind of cake?” asked Taylor, stepping over from the other boat where she’d been sunbathing.
“Yup,” said Bailey, joining her sister. “I was promised a birthday cake.”
There was some jostling while Rachel got the cake out of the cooler and Blake lit the candles. Jude used everyone cramming onto the one boat as an excuse to pull Autumn onto his lap. She was grateful he’d come to her defense, but even his arms wrapped around her while they sang to his sister couldn’t make her believe she belonged there with his family. 
Andrew may have acted like an ass, but there wasn’t anything he’d said that wasn’t true. Autumn held onto Jude’s arms to ward off the chill which had started to settle over her and watched the family she wanted desperately but could never have.

When they made love in the morning, Jude was attentive and so careful with her. He made sure to give her everything, but he was so tightly controlled. Intent on seeing to her pleasure but not all that interested in his own. 
She shouldn’t complain. Who complained about an overly attentive lover? But for as much as she loved a good fairy tale, she couldn’t help but think she would have liked things better if she and the prince had been on more even footing. After yesterday, it was clear, at least where their families were concerned, they weren’t.
Jude left before she got out of bed, promising to come back after church with pizza for Abby. He hadn’t said anything about it, but part of her knew he must be questioning his decision to have her meet his family. God, what a mess. Yesterday she’d been nervous but happy. For a moment she’d actually let herself believe she and Jude might be able to have more than just a fling.
Andrew’s subtle jabs made it clear just how unlikely that was.
If she hadn’t fallen in love with him, a casual affair might have been enough, but she did love him. It wasn’t enough now and she had to get out before she lost the rest of her heart. 
She paced beside her car in the church parking lot. The last thing she wanted to do was run into Mrs. Adair or someone like her. She didn’t think she could take a reminder of her inappropriate heritage today. 
Where the hell was Summer? 
She smirked at the inappropriateness of cursing – even internally – in front of the church, but it was almost time for service to start. The blue hairs were settled inside, and as she watched, the remaining stragglers made their way up the steps to the vestibule. If Summer and Abby didn’t get there soon they’d have to wait for one of the ushers to sneak them in the back.
She called, but the phone just rang. They must be on their way. She rocked on her heels and fiddled with her skirt as the ushers closed the massive oak doors behind the last of the latecomers. Well that did it. No sense standing outside, she thought, climbing into the car. She’d parked in the back where she could see the parking lot entrance. She couldn’t miss Summer’s car.
Five minutes turned into ten and worry played in the back of her mind. It wasn’t that far from Summer’s trailer to the church. What if something had happened to her? To Abby? She tried the phone again and listened anxiously to the ringing. Still no answer.
After ten more minutes, her nerves practically vibrated. Something was wrong. If she was going to be this late, Summer would have called. Images of Summer’s car smashed into one of the poles lining Main Street flashed into her mind and her hand shook as she put the key back into the ignition.
She drove, hands white knuckled on the steering wheel, toward the trailer park. As she made her way down each tree-lined street she flipped back and forth between berating herself for overreacting and the certainty she’d see her sister’s mangled car around the next turn. She wanted to try to call again, but she didn’t ever talk on the cell and drive. She’d learned early on to take driving seriously.
This was silly. Summer probably got tied up running some kind of errand before church. For all Autumn knew she might be waiting in the parking lot, wondering where she was. But she would have called. Unless she forgot her phone. It could be on the counter at the trailer and Summer and Abby could be at the church safe and sound.
But if that was the case, she should have passed them. 
The relief she felt when she saw the beat up Escort still parked in front of her sister’s trailer was immediately replaced by a sense of dread much greater than some abstract worry about a car accident. She slammed her car into park, kicked off her heels, and flew barefoot up the rickety wooden steps.
She shoved the flimsy front door open without bothering to knock. Abby stared up at her from the couch, tears streaking her cheeks.
“I knew you’d come.” Before she finished saying the words her lip shook and a fresh wave of tears spilled from her eyes.
 


Chapter 17
“Aw baby, It’s okay.” Autumn dropped to her knees on the grimy carpet and pulled her niece into her arms. The little girl collapsed, shuddering against her chest. She felt so small and vulnerable; Autumn’s heart broke. “Don’t worry.  I’ll make it okay.” God, please let it be okay. “Where’s your momma, baby?”
“Sleeping.” Abby turned, her face still wet with tears, to look at Autumn. The barrette holding her soft blond curls sat crooked on the back of her head, but her expression had shifted slightly from forlorn to angry. “I told her she had to get up. It was time to go. But she wouldn’t.”
Fear made Autumn’s stomach tighten as she stood, but she willed herself to stay calm for Abby’s sake. 
Autumn hesitated with her hand on the bedroom door. “Is Dwayne in with her?”
Abby shook her head. “He didn’t come home last night. Momma was sad.”
Autumn was already pushing the door open afraid of what she’d find on the other side.
Blankets hung over the window made the room dark, but Autumn could make out the sleeping form of her sister under a pile of blankets. She flipped on the light and hurried to the side of the bed. 
“Summer honey, wake up.” She gently shook her sister by the shoulder shocked again by how frail she felt under the thin cloth of her t-shirt. Summer’s eyelids fluttered but didn’t open.
“Wha…” 
“Wake up, honey. You have to get up now.” Autumn shook her again and tried to get an arm under her sister’s shoulder to help her sit up. 
“I told you, Momma.” Abby stood in the doorway in her rumpled church dress, her hair escaping from the lopsided barrette.
“Abracadabra, could you wait in the living room until I get your mother up?”
Abby nodded and backed out of the room.
“Summer, get up. You don’t want Abby to see you like this.”
The slurred speech and sweaty blankets were too close to some of their mother’s morning hangovers. She didn’t want that for Abby, and she knew Summer wouldn’t either. Her sister struggled to sit up, still not opening her eyes. She was so weak; she barely managed to stay upright.
“What did you take?”
Summer grumbled something incoherent and started to slide back down into the covers.
“Summer, damn it! Tell me what you took or I’m calling 911.”
“No, no ambulance.” Her sleepy voice rasped and she waved her arm toward the nightstand, knocking an orange prescription bottle to the floor. Tiny green pills disappeared into the carpet.
Autumn bent to pick up the prescription bottle and fished through the dirty shag yarn to retrieve some of the pills. She’d come back later to clean up the rest. The label on the bottle of oxycodone had Summer’s name on it. At least that was something. She twisted the cap back on the bottle and turned to see her sister lying down again.
“That’s it. We’re going to the hospital.” She could call Jude, but after the day on the boat with his family the last thing she wanted to do was invite him into this mess. He’d probably send them to the hospital anyway, just to be sure.
She dug through Summer’s drawers and pulled out the first faded pair of jeans she put her hands on. Autumn threw back the covers and odor of sweaty, unwashed sheets assaulted her, taking her back to her nine-year-old self standing in a trailer with her eight-year-old sister by her side wondering what they were going to feed themselves and their baby brother.
“God damn it, Summer. Wake up!” She started to wrestle her sister into the jeans while angry tears burned her eyes.
“Leave me alone.” Summer kicked feebly at the denim. “Just need to sleep. Be okay if I can sleep.”
“No, we’re going to the hospital.” She couldn’t stand the idea of bringing Jude into the mess. Of him seeing her family like this. The emergency room would at least be a little more anonymous. “And then you and Abby are coming to live with me.”
“No.” Tears leaked from under Summer’s lashes. “I have to stay and make things work with Dwayne.”
“No, God damn it, you don’t.” Autumn snapped the jeans around her sister’s too narrow hips. “You don’t have to make anything work with that asshole.” She helped Summer sit up and held her while quiet sobs shook her body. “You don’t have to do anything but take care of yourself and Abby. I’ll help you.” Autumn stroked her sister’s unwashed hair and held her until her shoulders stopped shaking. “Come on, baby. You don’t want Abby to see you like this.”
Summer nodded and tried to stand up. When she stumbled, Autumn wrapped an arm around her, steadying her. Together they made their way to the door.
Abby saw them and her red rimmed eyes went round. 
“Momma?” she said, sounding small and afraid.
“I’m okay, baby.” She said each word carefully but didn’t slur. Autumn could tell how hard she was trying to look normal for her daughter.
“Abby, honey, could you grab your mother’s shoes please? We’re going to take her to see the doctor.” She wished she had shoes. Her own feet felt grimy from the carpet, but she’d never have managed in heels.
Abby came back clutching a pair of flat sandals.
“Good girl,” Autumn said, guiding her sister to one of the kitchen chairs. As she bent to slip the shoes on Summer’s feet, her sister reached for her arm.
“I’ll be okay if I can just sit for a while.”
Autumn looked at her sister slouched in the chair barely able to hold her eyes open. “We’re getting you checked out.” She didn’t know if a drug overdose – God, she couldn’t believe she was even thinking about it – was like a concussion, but she didn’t want to take a chance. “I mean it, Summer. There’s too much at stake.” Autumn glanced over her shoulder to the living room where Abby stood, looking small and scared.
Summer looked at her daughter and stifled a sob. “Okay,” she said with a nod.

Autumn tried to keep up a steady stream of chatter while she drove to reassure Abby and to keep her sister awake. By the time they pulled into the circular drive in front of the Bedford Hospital emergency room, Abby’s eyes didn’t look quite as haunted and her jaw was steady. She still watched everything from her booster seat in the back, but she didn’t look quite so terrified.
Despite Autumn’s efforts Summer had drifted back to sleep while they drove. Autumn stopped the car in front of the emergency room doors and debated for a second before laying on the horn. A nurse came running out the automatic doors followed by an orderly wheeling a gurney. Autumn rolled down the window and leaned across Summer.
“It’s my sister,” she said. “She took this.” Autumn handed the nurse the prescription bottle.
The nurse glanced at the label before reaching into the car to press her fingers against Summer’s wrist. “Let’s get her inside,” she said to the orderly and together they maneuvered her out of the car and onto the gurney. “How long has she been unconscious?”
“I’m okay,” Summer mumbled, her eyes still closed.
“I found her like this about forty-five minutes ago.”
“Miss Maddox, can you hear me? We’re going to take care of you.” The automatic door opened to let them through and then they were gone, leaving Autumn and Abby sitting in the car.

“Would your sister try to hurt herself on purpose?” The doctor’s voice wasn’t unkind, but her intense gaze made Autumn feel pinned.
“No, no, of course not.” She glanced over to where Abby sat in the waiting room chair, hoping desperately she couldn’t hear.
The doctor nodded but looked unconvinced. “And that’s her daughter?” She motioned to Abby.
“My niece, yes.” The look in the doctor’s eyes made Autumn’s stomach clench. What had she done? She thought she’d been helping her sister, but what if they thought Summer had tried to commit suicide and called Child Protective Services? Panic made her heart race and she struggled to think of what to say to convince the doctor that they were a perfectly normal family except for one minor prescription drug overdose.
She stood, opening her mouth like a fish when the doors slid open and Adam Southerland walked through. He looked official and intimidating in uniform, not at all like the playful man from the boat the day before.
He nodded to the doctor who acknowledged him with a friendly, “Deputy.”
When he saw Autumn, he stopped in his tracks. The rigid persona fell away and he reached for her hands.
“Autumn, honey, are you okay?” 
The honest concern in his eyes had her blinking back tears. God, the Southerland men should come with warning labels. One look was all it took to make a woman think she could trust them with anything.
“I’m okay,” she said, struggling for composure. The last thing she wanted to do was fall apart in front of Jude’s brother. “It’s my sister.”
“Is it serious?” Adam’s gaze never left her face and his hands were a warm steady presence in her own.
Autumn looked to the doctor for the answer.
“She should be fine.” The woman looked from Adam to Autumn and down to their joined hands. Autumn could see her mentally recalculating.
“What happened, honey? Does Jude know?”
“Is Ms. Maddox a patient or relative of Dr. Southerland?” the pretty doctor asked, continuing to visibly re-evaluate the situation.
“Autumn here is.”
The matter of fact way he said it made Autumn stagger a little on her heels.
“You need to sit down.” He took Autumn gently by the elbow. “Do you have any more questions for her?” he asked the doctor.
“Not right now. We’ll get your sister settled and then you can go back and see her if you like.”
“Thank you.”
“What happened?” Adam asked as he led Autumn to a chair.
“Can I tell you later?” Autumn motioned with her head towards her niece.
Adam frowned but then saw Abby and said, “Of course. Who is this pretty little thing?”
Abby looked from her aunt to Adam’s uniform and Autumn sensed her uncertainty.
“This is my favorite niece, Abby,” she said with a cheerfulness she didn’t feel. “Abby, this is Deputy Southerland. He’s Doctor Southerland’s brother.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, young lady.” He stuck out his hand and Abby shook it with her much smaller one.
“Doctor Southerland was going to bring me pizza today.”
Autumn groaned. “I forgot all about that. He’s probably at the house already.”
“Ms. Maddox?” said a young male nurse. “I’ll take you back to see your sister if you like.”
Autumn looked from Adam to Abby, pulled in three directions at once.
“Go ahead,” said Adam. “I’ll stay with Abby. We’ll call Jude.”
“Tell him not to come,” Autumn said quickly. “I’ll call him as soon as I get home.”
Adam looked puzzled but nodded as Autumn followed the nurse through the swinging doors to see her sister.
 


Chapter 18
Jude took the porch steps two at a time. On the drive over he’d let the anger he’d been keeping at bay come back to a boil. Desperate to keep Autumn from feeling any more awkwardness about what Andrew said, he’d walled away his own feelings. He gave them free reign now. He and Andrew were going to settle this once and for all.
He banged on the front door of the stately old house, and then shoved it open without waiting for an answer. Andrew met him halfway to the door, still clutching part of the Sunday paper in his hand.
“By all means, come on in. Make yourself at home.” He started to turn back to the living room and the sound of the morning news shows. Jude’s hand on his arm stopped him. Peering over the top of his reading glasses, Andrew glanced at the restraining hand and then at Jude. “Can I help you with something?” he asked, yanking his arm away.
“What the hell was wrong with you yesterday?”
“Not a thing.” Andrew changed direction and headed into the kitchen.
Jude followed on his heels. “Then what was all that crap about Autumn’s family? You were deliberately trying to make her uncomfortable.”
Andrew dropped a pod into the coffee maker and pressed down on the lever. “No, actually I wasn’t. I like Autumn.”
Andrew handed him a mug and he breathed in the aroma of the ridiculously expensive coffee. “Well then what the hell was that?”
Andrew grabbed his own mug and slouched against the counter. He took a swallow of coffee and then crossed his arms over his worn out University of Virginia School of Law t-shirt. “I like Autumn.”
Jude made a disbelieving noise but didn’t speak.
“I mean it. She seems like a good person. I’m sure it would be great to date her.” Jude made a sound like a growl and Andrew put up a hand. “To date, but you don’t take women you’re just dating to family stuff. And I can’t believe you want something more serious with her. Hear me out. I’m not the asshole you think I am.”
Jude snorted, but he waited to hear what his best friend had to say.
“People say it doesn’t matter, that love is enough, but I’ve seen enough marriages come unglued to know that isn’t true. Where you come from matters.”
“Autumn’s from here. She grew up here.”
“That’s not what I mean and you know it. It isn’t politically correct to say it but that doesn’t make it any less true. You come from a family other people envy. Mom and dad together and in love after almost forty years and brothers and sisters who take care of each other. Autumn’s family is a disaster and it’s all she’s known. She’s never had an intact home.”
“I am not going to judge her for choices her mother made. It’s not her fault. She’s not responsible for the mistakes her family made even though she tries to be. She’s done everything she could to overcome her past.” 
“You know where she worked, right?”
Jude nodded, hating his friend a little. “She wasn’t involved.”
“I’m not saying she was, but Jude, trouble seems to follow her. After a while you have to wonder why.”
“It doesn’t matter. I love her. I can take care of any trouble that comes up. We’ve been friends forever, but you need to leave Autumn alone.” He left the implied threat to their friendship unsaid.
Andrew dropped his head to his chest. When he raised it, he nodded. “Alright, but keep your eyes open, please.”

Jude was waiting for Abby’s pizza when his phone rang and Adam’s picture showed up on the screen.
“What’s up?” He mouthed thanks to Mrs. Trenton behind the counter and wedged the phone against his ear so he could grab the pizza boxes with both hands.
“I’m at the hospital – everyone is okay. I ran into Autumn.”
Jude almost dropped the pizzas, trying to juggle them to get his hand on the phone. “Is she okay? Is it Abby?”
“Abby is fine. In fact, she’s right here. We’re waiting together while Autumn visits with her momma.”
“Summer. Summer’s hurt? How serious is it? Never mind, I’m on my way.”
“Autumn told me to tell you not to come. She said she’d call you when she got home.”
“Yeah right, like that’s going to happen.” Jude balanced the boxes against his car while he fished in his pocket for the keys.
“I didn’t say that I expected you to listen. Or that I thought it was a good idea. I just said I’d tell you.”
“Is Abby okay? God, she must be terrified.”
“Shaken but okay. Hold on, there’s something she wants to ask you.”
Jude heard shuffling and then Abby’s small voice on the other end of the line.
“Doctor Southerland?”
“It’s me, honey. Don’t worry; I’m on my way.”
He heard the catch in her voice and pictured her fighting back tears.
 “Can we still have pizza, but later? Momma’s too sleepy right now.”
Jude’s heart cracked open for the little girl. “I can do better than that, baby. I’ve got the pizza already. I’ll bring it with me and you can share it with my knucklehead of a brother.” He heard Abby make a noise that was part giggle part sob and he jammed the keys into the ignition, desperate to get to her. “You have to watch him, though. He steals the pepperoni. When your momma is better, we can have pizza at your aunt’s.”
“With Max?”
“You bet. Let me talk to my brother, sweetie. I’ll be there before you know it.” Jude heard Abby’s small okay and some shuffling and then Adam came back on the line. “Take care of them for me until I get there. I’m leaving Jeno’s now.”
“Like they were family.”

Autumn followed the nurse through the double doors and past a row of glass cubicles. Her heels clicked on the shiny vinyl tile, the noise impossibly loud in the temporary quiet of the hospital.
“Here she is,” he said, ushering her into one of the open rooms. He paused to glance at the monitor and then turned back to Autumn. “The doctor will be in to talk to you in a few minutes.”
“Thank you.” Autumn waited for him to turn silently away in his Crocs, before reaching for her sister’s hand, careful of the blood oxygen clip holding her finger.  She looked so tiny and frail propped up in the hospital bed, but she seemed more awake than when they’d arrived, and aside from the clip and a blood pressure cuff, she didn’t seemed to be hooked up to anything. “You okay?”
Summer nodded and then started to cry, tears sliding down her pale cheeks.
“Oh honey, it’s okay. It’ll be okay.”
“I’m so sorry. Where’s Abby? She must be so scared.” Her voice caught on a sob. “She was so excited about today. She talked about it all week, and now I ruined it for her.”
“It’s okay. She’s okay. She’s with Jude’s brother, Adam.”
Summer struggled to sit up a little. “Deputy Southerland? They didn’t call him did they?” she asked, her voice a panicked whisper.
“No, we ran into him in the waiting room. He recognized me from the boat yesterday and asked if he could help. Why would they call him?” Autumn pinned her sister with her gaze.
“They asked a lot of questions when they brought me back here. Things like whether I took too many pills on purpose.” She said the last part so softly; Autumn had to lean in to hear her. It did nothing to diminish the impact of her words.
“You didn’t, did you?” Autumn asked, her own voice barely a whisper now.
“No, no of course not.”
Autumn couldn’t imagine her sister leaving Abby, but her quick denial eased the flash of panic she felt.
“I forgot about yesterday.” The pillow crinkled as Summer relaxed back. “How was it?”
Autumn blew out a breath. Adam’s warm reception had taken some of the sting out of Andrew’s jabs, but the boat was the last thing she wanted to think about. “It was great.”
Summer arched an eyebrow and waited.
“Okay, maybe not great, but I don’t want to talk about it here. I’ll tell you everything later. Over wine.”
“Okay.” Summer nodded, a small line of worry creasing her forehead.
“What happened? What did the doctor say?”
The blood pressure cuff buzzed and started to inflate. Summer looked at her arm and grimaced.
“They’re going to watch me for a couple of hours to make sure the drug is working its way out of my system, then I can go home.”
“What did you take?”
“Oxycodone. I take it for my back sometimes. It helps me sleep.” She looked down at the thin white hospital sheet she was worrying between her fingers. “Dwayne didn’t come home again last night and I thought if I could just get some sleep, I’d be able to deal with it. I took two pills instead of one and I guess I’ve lost some weight since the last time I took them. But I wasn’t trying to hurt myself. I promise.” She raised her head and looked at Autumn with tear filled eyes. “I’d never do that to Abby. I’d never leave her like that.”
Autumn sat on the edge of the bed. The sheet slid over the thin plastic pad, covering the bed instead of a mattress. “I know you wouldn’t. She’s okay, Summer. She’s going to be okay.” Autumn held her sister’s hand in both of hers and willed her strength. “Is it really a bad thing that Dwayne didn’t come home? Can’t you just leave him now and come live with me? Please?”
Summer looked around to make sure no one was standing in the hallway. The glass wall and open doorway didn’t offer any privacy. “I think he’s messed up in something illegal.” The tears were falling freely now, leaving wet tracks down her cheeks. “I told him he couldn’t do it around Abby. He’s hardly been home since.”
“You have to leave him. You know you have to. Let me take you and Abby home with me. Your room’s ready and we can fix hers up together.  Please, Summer. I can take care of you. We can take care of each other.” She squeezed her sister’s hand and thought about the way Andrew made her feel the day before. “I need this as much as you do.”
Summer nodded, but her breath hitched with a sob. “First Abby’s biological father and now Dwayne. I didn’t want to be that woman - the one who goes through men like tissues.”
“I hardly think that’s the case, but honey, you can’t be this woman either.” She motioned to the monitors and medical equipment around them.
Summer gave her a sad watery smile and nodded. “I guess you’re right.”

	Jude flew through the open door and skidded to a stop when he saw the sisters. “Why the tears?” he asked Summer. “Are you feeling sick?”
“No, just stupid. I ruined Abby’s pizza party. She’s been waiting all week for it.”
“Eh, just a change of venue. She and my brother are demolishing a large pepperoni as we speak.” He leaned in to kiss Autumn’s cheek and then stood to glance at the monitors. “I talked to the attending. She said they were going to watch you for a couple of hours to make sure your vitals are stable and then we can take you home. Can I borrow your sister for a couple of minutes?”
Summer nodded, swiping at her tears. “Sure.”
Autumn followed him, her heels tapping an angry staccato, and thought unkind things to the back of his head. She was angry – for no good reason, even she could see that – but it didn’t change the way she felt. She didn’t bother to ask why he was there. Of course he heard about Summer and had to swoop in and try to take control of everything. Hell, on another day she might have welcomed it, but after their carefully controlled morning and everything that had happened with Summer, the cool-take-charge thing just pissed her off.
Jude led her into an empty cubicle and reached for her.
“I want to get back to my sister.”
He pulled back a little, a crease forming in his forehead. “That’s what I wanted to talk to you about. Are you positive there isn’t any chance she overdosed on purpose?”
“What are you saying? Of course not.”
“I have to ask, Autumn.” He reached for her hand, his expression pained. “I talked to Adam. He says that guy Summer lives with is into some pretty bad stuff. We have to make sure she didn’t get mixed up in them, too. Think about Abby.”
Now her anger had a target. How dare he think he had to remind her to think about Abby. She yanked her hand away and she could tell by the expression on his that he knew he’d gone too far. 
“I am thinking of Abby. Dwayne doesn’t have anything to do with her.”
“How can you say that? He lives with them.” 
Jude reached for her again. She stepped back, but he caught her anyway and pulled her into him, tucking her head under his chin. She went stiff in his arms, unwilling or unable to get past her anger. 
“I’m just trying to help, darling.” He murmured the words against her hair and she felt her body respond to him against her will.
“Okay,” she said, softening. “Can you find out how long before I can take Summer home? I want to go check on Abby.”

When Autumn pushed through the double doors to the lobby, she found Abby and Adam huddled around the pizza box balanced on Adam’s lap. Abby clutched a can of coke like it was the crown jewels.
“Does your momma let you drink that?”
They both looked up at Autumn guiltily.
“They didn’t have juice in the vending machines and the kid needed something to wash down her pizza.” Adam turned his charming smile on Autumn and she caught a glimpse of the playful man from the boat. Beside him, Abby nodded owlishly.
“It’s okay. Just this one time.” Autumn crouched down in front of her niece. “Your momma’s going to be fine. Doctor Southerland is checking to see when we can take her home, and then you and she are going to come stay with me at Gran’s house.”
“Really? To live?” She asked it with such a mixture of hope and disbelief that Autumn risked greasy fingers on her church dress and gave her niece a hug.
“Really, really.”
“No more Dwayne.”
Adam raised an eyebrow and Autumn worried about what the deputy was thinking, but taking care of Abby was the most important thing now. She reached out and snagged the can of coke raising it in a mock toast. “No more Dwayne,” she said, taking a swallow of the sticky sweet drink.
 


Chapter 19
Jude stood in the doorway for a moment and watched Autumn enter patient records into the computer. The glow from the monitor outlined her profile and accentuated her inky black lashes, rimming eyes which too often lately seemed tired and sad.
He was losing her and he didn’t know why. Ever since that day at the hospital, or maybe if he was being honest with himself the day on the boat, he’d felt her slip further away from him. 
At first the excuses made sense. She’d just gotten Summer and Abby settled in. She didn’t want to leave her sister alone at night and she didn’t feel right having him sleep over with Abby in the house. Hell, he didn’t feel right about it either, but it would have been nice to feel like she wanted him there anyway.
Even simple things seemed to drive them apart. He picked up dishes, just cheap everyday ones at Walmart and she acted like he was trying to pay her mortgage. When he brought over some old chairs his parents had stored in their garage, you’d have thought he repainted her house without asking.
Every time he tried to help her with something it felt like she took a step away from him. He hadn’t done anything he wouldn’t do for his sisters. He just wanted to make things easier for her, especially since her sister and niece had moved in, but instead it felt like he was pushing her away. The only things she’d let him do was stuff for Abby and she still seemed grudging, like the only reason it was okay was because it meant something to Summer or her niece.
He watched her shoulders slump with fatigue and some invisible burden and his heart ached for her. Stepping behind her, he let his hands rest on her shoulders. She looked up at him and for just a moment, heat and want and something that looked like longing flashed in her eyes, but she tamped it down so fast it made him doubt he’d seen it at all.
“Hey, you okay?” 
“Fine.” She nodded, sitting up straighter. He moved his hands with her, unwilling to break contact. “Really, I’m fine.”
Her skin was warm through her blouse and he felt the cool slide of silk under his hands. Without a thought except to ease some of the tension she carried, he pressed his thumbs into the soft skin at the base of her neck and started to rub. She stiffened under his hands and then melted into his touch.
He moved back and forth across her shoulders, working out the knots with the soft pads of his fingertips. When he slid his hands under her hair, the warmth of her body and a fresh wave of the spicy floral scent she wore threatened to swamp him. Inhaling slowly, willing his body to behave, he cupped her jaw with his fingers and pushed his thumbs into the hollow at the base of her skull.
Her head tipped back to rest in his hands and her red lips parted. He rubbed small firm circles at the place where her spine met her head, and she let out a noise of pleasure so similar to the ones she made when they made love, his cock sprang to life.
“My God, that feels good,” she said on a breath.
“I’m glad.” He kept up a steady pressure with his hands, ignoring the pressure in his body. “You looked like you were carrying the weight of the world on your shoulders.”
“Not the whole world.” 
A small smile played across her lips and he stopped fighting and bent to kiss her. He forced himself not to makes demands, just the soft brush of his mouth against hers. When she opened for him, welcoming him, he groaned in pleasure, teasing and tasting her tongue with his own.
“Please, let me take you out tonight,” he said when they pulled apart still breathless from the kiss. “Let me take you out for dinner and then stay the night with me. Just one night, please. I miss you so much.”
Her eyes looked sad but she nodded with a small smile and his heart felt lighter than it had in days.

Jude brought Max with him when he went to pick up Autumn. He knew she’d worry about her sister staying by herself and Abby loved the big black dog. The little girl met them at the door and Max sat so she could wrap her arms around his neck, a feat she accomplished without even bending down.
“Hey Abracadabra, how’s it going?”
“Fine,” she said, keeping one arm slung around the dog. “You smell good. You look good, too.”
“Thanks.” Jude laughed but the sound caught in his throat when he saw Autumn coming down the stairs. 
She wore a red dress in some kind of clingy fabric that hugged every curve of her lush body. Her black heels made her legs look like they went on forever. Dark long lashes rimmed impossibly blue eyes and she’d painted her lips to match the color of her dress. Soft curls framed her face in a sexy halo that made her look like she’d crawled out of bed and slid into the dress.
She watched him, a small crease forming between her brows, and he knew she was waiting for him to say something. He wanted to, but his mouth had gone dry and he wasn’t sure he could speak.
“Beautiful,” he croaked and then coughed to clear his throat. “You look beautiful.”
“She does, doesn’t she?” said Summer, coming in from the kitchen. “Hello there, Dr. Southerland.”
He told her over and over to call him Jude, but she never did. He’d finally given up. When she first came home from the hospital, she’d been quiet and awkward around him. But living with Autumn was good for her. She’d put on weight and her cheeks had gotten some of their color back. She still looked like she’d blow away in a stiff breeze, but she was definitely better.
“Hey, Summer, you guys going to be okay if I whisk your sister off for the night?”
“Of course. Have fun.”
“Are you sure, honey? I could come back after dinner if you want,” said Autumn.
“Don’t be crazy,” said Summer and something meaningful passed between the sisters.
Autumn nodded and turned her attention to Jude. “Ready?” she asked, plastering a too bright smile on her face.
“Can Max stay?” asked an eager Abby.
“If it’s okay with your mom. I was kind of hoping you could watch him for me.”
Abby looked at Summer who nodded her approval.
“Thank you so much,” she said, squeezing the dog.
Jude saw something wistful and sad pass across Autumn’s face. That wouldn’t do at all.
“Come on, gorgeous,” he said, catching her in his arms. “I’ve got some place I want to take you.”

He spent the long quiet ride to the restaurant trying to figure out what he could say that would take the sadness away from behind her eyes. He’d picked the Millstone because he thought she might like to get out from under the watch of the Ladies Auxiliary for a night. They drove the forty minutes out of town and through the flat valley at the base of the Blue Ridge. 
He’d always loved the drive, the long stretch of highway cutting the almost impossibly flat valley with the blue gray mountains climbing on either side. He glanced at the speedometer and then over at Autumn. Her hand gripped the arm of the door and he eased his foot off the gas. It was easy to lose track of the speed on this bit of road and the last thing he wanted to do was make her nervous.
She inhaled and relaxed a little. “It’s so beautiful out here. I haven’t been this way in years.”
He looked at her watching the fields of beef cattle pass the window at a more reasonable speed.
“I’ve always loved this drive. In some ways I think it makes the mountains seem even bigger than they do driving up the Peaks. Maybe it’s the contrast between the mountains and the flat.”
“It’s so flat. It’s easy to imagine the mountains eroding and the valley filling up with silt.”
“They used to be huge you know – the old Appalachians.” Autumn turned to face him and he reached for her hand. “Millions of years ago, these mountains were so tall clouds couldn’t pass over them. Birds stopped on either side, unable to fly across.” He lifted her hand to his lips and brushed a kiss over her knuckles. “They were that big.”
“You’re making that up.” She looked at him, one eyebrow arched and a crease in her brow. “They can’t have been that tall.”
“I am not and they were,” he said, slowing to make the turn into the gravel parking lot in front of the old wooden building. 
When the car came to a stop, he hurried to her side to get the door for her. He guided her onto the wraparound porch and kept his hand on the small of her back as he opened the door. Her skin felt warm through the clingy red fabric and he was reluctant to let her go when the hostess showed them to their table.
“I hope this is okay?”
“Perfect,” she said, her eyes shining in the light of the candles and the warm copper glow from the tabletop. “I’ve always wanted to come here, but I’ve never had the chance.”
“You’ll love it. The food is amazing. It reminds me a little of Bailey’s restaurant. Fresh seasonal food and unpretentious. The menu is constantly changing, but I’ve never had a bad meal.”
“I forgot your sister has her own restaurant.” She looked up from her menu and smiled at him. “That’s impressive, especially given how many fail.”
“She’s always loved to cook. Daddy used to say she was going to grow up to be Alice Waters. I guess she has.” 
He glanced at his own menu just long enough to decide and then reached for her hand. When the server came to recite the specials, she tried to pull it back, but he kept it clasped in his larger hand. He waited until they’d placed their orders and then turned her hand over so he could rub soft circles across her wrist with his thumb. Her lips parted and his body sprang to life at the effect his touch had on her.
“I’m so glad you let me take you out. I missed you.”
“You see me every day.”
“It’s not the same and you know it.”
She smiled at him, turning her hand to twine her fingers with his. “I know. I’ve missed you, too.”
“Is everything going okay with having Summer and Abby move in?”
“It is. I love having them there. I’ve missed so much of Abby’s life already. I don’t want to miss anymore.” 
He watched Autumn’s face lighten as she talked about her niece. He could imagine the impact the little girl had on the old house. She was a smart, precocious ball of sunshine. He barely knew her and he loved her already. 
“Is Summer doing all right? No more trouble? No more Dwayne?”
She pulled her hand away.
“Summer is fine. She’s doing really well. We’re doing really well together. Thank you,” she said, her voice gone icily polite.
What the hell had he said this time?
“Honey, I didn’t mean anything by it. I was just checking to make sure everything was okay.” He wanted to reach for her but thought better of it. With the fire blazing in her blue eyes, she was as likely to bite off his hand as she was to hold it.
She nodded but didn’t look appeased.
“What’s wrong? What can I do to fix it? Things between us haven’t been right since we went out on the boat. Is it what Andrew said?”
She didn’t say it out loud, but the flash in her eyes told him that was it.
“Please don’t listen to him, Autumn. He doesn’t know what he’s talking about. I talked to him. He won’t say anything again. I made it clear what would happen if he did.”
“You’ve been friends forever,” she said, her face stricken.  
When he reached for her this time she didn’t pull away, but she didn’t hold his hand back.
“Besides he didn’t say anything that wasn’t true. He only wants what’s best for you.”
“You’re what’s best for me.”
Her eyes shone bright with unshed tears and she shook her head. “My family is nothing like yours.”
“I don’t care. I’m not in love with your family. I’m in love with you.”
“You should know better than anybody that you can’t separate the two.” 
She looked so sad, so resigned. It made him desperate to convince her.
“I mean it, Autumn. You are what’s best for me. I love you.”
He watched her war with herself, expressions flashing across her face.
“I love you, too,” she finally said, but it sounded sad and too much like good-bye.

Autumn took a bite of her shrimp and grits. The stone ground corn and sharp cheddar were probably delicious, but she couldn’t taste anything. All she could think about was Jude and how much she was going to miss him.
Summer had spent the last week berating her for trying to put distance between them. She seemed convinced Autumn and Jude could make a go of it, but she didn’t understand. Autumn told her what happened on the boat, but with her sister still recovering from the overdose and Dwayne, she couldn’t bring up the issues with their families. Summer was embarrassed enough by what happened.
Now that she loved him, Autumn couldn’t handle a casual relationship and as much as he protested to the contrary, she knew that’s all they could have. 
They were from different worlds. Andrew might have acted like an ass, but he understood that, and now it looked like her relationship with Jude was coming between the two men. They’d been friends forever. She didn’t want to be the one who wrecked their friendship.
She glanced up from her plate and away from her thoughts to see Jude watching her. His hazel eyes looked kind and concerned and she was struck again by how handsome he was. The collar on his white dress shirt hung open, revealing a v of tanned skin. She knew what that skin would smell like when she nuzzled his neck, the soft touch of his throat turning into the rasp of stubble on his jaw. The candlelight carved the planes of his face into chiseled angles, strong and masculine against the soft line of his lips. 
His lips curved in a smile as he caught her looking at them. He didn’t just smile with his mouth. When Jude smiled everything good and kind and just shone through his eyes. He turned all that attention on her and every fiber of her being wanted him, wanted to bask in that energy.
She already loved him more than she thought possible. Enough to know she wouldn’t survive getting in deeper and then having things not work. And they couldn’t work, not in the long run, but God that didn’t mean she didn’t want it. 
She could spend the day tomorrow singing along with Adele and eating Dove bars, but for tonight she’d live in the moment instead of the past. She’d give herself this one last night with Jude and then in the morning, she’d find a way to say good-bye and pray she had the strength to walk away.
 


Chapter 20
Jude watched Autumn climb the stairs in front of him and fought back a groan. The red fabric slipped and slid over the round curve of her ass and the draped neckline of her dress showed a generous amount of bare skin on her back. Enough for him to know she wasn’t wearing a normal bra.
He’d missed her so much, and the casual touches of the past week hadn’t done anything to quench his hunger for her. When he’d caught her watching him at the restaurant his heart swelled thinking maybe she missed him, too.
He wanted to take her to his bed, strip her naked, and spend the next four or five hours worshipping every inch of her. Giving her enough pleasure to burn the sadness from around her eyes. He loved her so much. It still shocked him a little at how quickly it had happened, but he wasn’t going to question it.
He wouldn’t let her question it either.
At the top of the steps, he reached around her to open the door. That simple touch, the brush and press of her body against his was enough to undo him. Never letting his body break contact with hers, he guided her into his apartment. He held her from behind and positioned her hands against the wall.
“Keep them here,” he murmured into her ear and felt her tremble.
Brushing her hair to the side, he kissed and bit his way along her neck. She arched her back, pressing the cleft of her ass into his groin.
His erection throbbed with the tempo of his heart and for one delicious moment he let himself go, grinding against her while he inhaled the spicy floral scent he would always know as hers. Cupping the soft mound of her belly with one hand, he used the other to turn her head to give him better access to her throat.
Her breath came in shallow gasps and he felt her pulse flutter under his mouth. Working his way along her neck and across her shoulder, he licked and kissed his way to her back.  He left a trail of kisses down her spine, not stopping until he reached the zipper on her dress.
With shaky hands, he unfastened the small metal hook and tugged down the zipper. The fabric parted, sliding off her shoulders and revealing the smooth curve of her back. The sight of her with her hands against the wall arched back toward him took his breath away.
“My God, you’re beautiful,” he said, his voice low and rough with need.
He stepped in closer, covering her body with his and clasping her hands. He nuzzled the tender skin behind her ear and eyes closed and lips parted, she tipped her head back to meet him. He claimed her mouth, teasing her lips apart. One at a time, he lowered her hands and let the dress fall to the floor before stretching her against the wall again.
He caught her needy cries with his mouth as he stroked the skin of her arms, making long passes from her fingertips down to her back. Breaking the kiss, he stepped back so he could look at her. She wore some kind of low backed strapless bra the same color as her dress with a matching garter belt and red lace panties.
His mouth went dry and he fought the urge to fall to his knees at her feet. Stretched in a long line with her arms above her head and her hands still on the wall, she was breathtaking. His gaze travelled down the length of her body to the place where the garter caught her stockings and on down to the black high heels. With her red lips, flushed skin, and dark tousled hair she looked like a sexy pin up girl.
Glancing over her shoulder, she looked at him with blue eyes gone sapphire with desire and he realized he’d been quiet for too long.
“I love you,” he said. “I can’t believe you’re mine.”
Her smile came and went in a flash replaced by something that looked like longing. He closed the distance between them, spun her into his arms and kissed her. He kissed away all the worry and insecurity. He kissed her until she went soft, warm, and pliant in his arms.
When he pulled away, she stumbled a little on her heels. Gently, he eased her back against the wall, placing tender kisses first on the delicate skin of her temple and then behind her ear. She let her head tip to the side, offering him the soft scented flesh of her neck. He laid a trail of kisses over her pulse point to her collar bone and lower. By the time he reached the tops of her breasts in their red silk cups, she was making hungry sounds and trying to pull him closer. He licked the skin at the edge of her bra, letting his tongue dip below the fabric to skim the puckered flesh of her nipple. 
It wasn’t enough – not nearly enough.
Easing the cup down, he drew her nipple into his mouth and suckled her. Her back bowed and she clutched at his shoulders.
“God, so good, that feels so good,” she said, repeating the words as he continued his assault on her sensitive flesh.
He loved watching her lose control, loved knowing he was the one who made her pulse race and her skin flush with pleasure. Alternating his attention between her breasts, he suckled and laved the pebbled tips until she was fisting her hands in his shirt. 
“Take me to bed, please,” she pleaded, her breath coming in shallow gasps.
“Not yet, darling. Not until you come for me.” He grinned at her and then dropped to his knees.
With deliberate slowness, he snagged the waistband of her panties and slid them down, exposing her damp curls. Running his hands down her stocking clad leg, he lifted her foot to let the panties slip off. He repeated the process with her other leg, but this time instead of placing her foot back on the floor he hooked her leg over his shoulder, opening her to him.
Sliding his fingers through her silky folds, he groaned when he found her wet and ready for him. He couldn’t wait to sink into her soft, wet heat, but first he’d make sure she came apart under his hands and his mouth, dissolving in pleasure.
He slid two fingers into her tight, swollen channel, curving them in tight circles. Autumn clutched at his shoulders and when he tasted her she cried out his name. Her fingers threaded through his hair, holding him, and he lost himself in the taste and feel of her.
She tightened around him and he felt her climax start, milking his fingers. He waited until the spasms stopped and her legs stopped trembling and then he rose. Her face was flushed and her lips parted in pleasure. Without a thought beyond getting her into his bed, he scooped her up and carried her down the hall.

“Put me down,” Autumn squealed, laughing and wiggling.
“No way. I’ve got you right where I want you.” Jude kicked the door open and tossed her onto the bed. 
Still giggling, she landed with a bounce and scrambled to her knees. She could see the erection straining his pants, and she reached for his belt, pulling him to her. She wanted him so much, wanted to give him back some of the pleasure he’d given her. Slipping his belt from the loops, she unfastened his pants, freeing him to her hand. When she took him in her mouth, he groaned with such pleasure, her body tightened in response.
Running her tongue over him, she explored the ridges of his flesh. She held his hips with her hands and gave herself over to the rhythm of loving him. He threaded his fingers through her hair and let out a low groan that had heat pooling low in her body, moving through her like melted wax.
“I need you, please,” he said, his voice tight with desire. “I have to be inside you.”
When he started to pull away, she held onto him for a moment longer not quite ready to let go. He bent and kissed her, reaching behind her for the hooks on her merry widow. The lingerie had been a splurge but it was worth it to see his expression when he looked at her. 
“I don’t want anything between us.” He peeled off the red silk and sucked in a breath as he bared her breasts. Cupping her breast with his hand, he suckled her, molding the tight peak with his mouth until her back bowed and her body ached for him.
“Please,” she panted, desperate and empty.
In a move which would have done Crash Davis proud, he flipped open the clips holding her stockings and slid them down her legs. He paused to place a kiss at the hollow of each ankle before helping her shimmy out of the garter belt.
Naked and aching with need, she reached for him. With trembling fingers, she tugged at the buttons on his dress shirt. He helped her, shrugging out of his shirt and stepping free of his pants. And then he was there, pushing her gently back against the pillows and covering her body with his.
Propped on his elbows, he nipped at her lips, teasing and tasting her. He caught her bottom lip between his teeth and she opened for him, meeting his tongue with her own.
In one smooth motion, he slid inside her, filling her body with his. He paused for just a moment and she lost herself in the stretch and fullness of his body meeting hers. And then he started to move, hips thrusting, sliding over her deliciously sensitive flesh, and all she could do was feel him. Feel them. Every sensation concentrated to the sweet juncture where their bodies joined.
“I love you,” he murmured, his gaze boring into her.
“I love you, too.” She felt tears leak from her eyes.
He cradled her head with his hands, tucking her into his chest and rocked them to a climax that left her both broken and whole.
 


Chapter 21
Autumn woke with Jude spooned around her, his arm wrapped under her breasts, and his legs twined with hers. He snored soft and deep against her hair. She managed to untangle her legs, but when she shifted away from him he tightened his grip in his sleep. She froze, unwilling to wake him. 
God, she loved him and after last night she didn’t know how she could ever leave him. But she didn’t know how to stay either. She’d spent so much of her life, running from the past and building walls to keep her safe. Everything she’d ever done had been to prove she was better than where she came from. That she could take care of herself. 
How was she supposed to trust someone – even someone as trustworthy as Jude – enough to let all the walls come down? 
They’d come down when they made love, but what happened the next time someone like Andrew said something?
Maybe she’d just used Andrew as an excuse. She didn’t know anymore, but she couldn’t stay here. If he woke up and looked at her with all the love he’d shown her last night, she wouldn’t have a choice. Her heart would choose for her.
Inch by inch she rolled away from him, pausing after each movement to make sure he still slept. When he let her go, she wasn’t sure whether to be grateful or heartbroken. She waited a few precious moments before climbing out of bed and grabbing her clothes.

She made the walk of shame barefoot, carrying her shoes the long blocks between their houses. The early morning air was cool and the sidewalk even cooler but it was better than hiking the distance in heels. Up ahead she saw Mrs. Adair power walking on the other side of the street. 
Fantastic.
Autumn could tell the exact moment Mrs. Adair saw her and realized who she was because her arms stopped mid pump and she missed a step. 
“Morning, Mrs. Adair.” She smiled her best smile and raised her shoes in salute. No more hiding. It didn’t work anyway.
She strode on past the other woman who was still opening and closing her mouth like a fish. At least the heat flaming Autumn’s cheeks helped keep her warm the last few blocks.
She pushed open the front door and her heart melted. Max was curled up on one end of the sofa and Abby’s head rested in his soft fur. God, even Jude’s dog was kind and trustworthy. As long as you didn’t count the “no dogs on the furniture rule,” which she wasn’t. 
“Morning, sweet potato.”
“Morning,” Abby said without taking her gaze off the cartoons. The dog opened his eyes but didn’t bother to raise his head.
“Where’s your momma?”
“Sleeping.”
The word made Autumn’s stomach tighten but nothing in her niece’s or the dog’s reactions meant cause for alarm. It was early, she reminded herself. Summer should be sleeping. She climbed the steps and walked past her own room to peek in on her sister anyway.
Summer slept snuggled under Gran’s quilt. The early morning light made the room sunny and fresh and it smelled like her sister, like lavender and soap. Autumn crept closer and watched her sister’s breath rise and fall in a steady rhythm. Her cheeks were flushed with sleep and she looked so peaceful, Autumn didn’t want to risk disturbing her.
She backed quietly out of the room and tiptoed down the hall to change. When she got back downstairs it didn’t look like either Abby or the dog had moved. Autumn sank into the opposite end of the sofa and pulled Abby’s bare little feet across her faded denim clad lap. On the television Phineas and Ferb were trying to decide what to do that day while their pet platypus played secret agent. She managed to sit still for five minutes but that was all she could handle. She couldn’t stop thinking about Jude. 
“Are you hungry?” she asked when the commercials started.
“Yeah.”
“Let’s go grab some breakfast. We’ll bring something back for your momma. It’ll be a treat.” She saw Abby’s gaze slip back towards the television. “Come on. You can watch that thing any time.”
“Can Max come?”
Autumn had to get out of the house and she did not want to be alone. “Sure, we’ll get him some chicken.”

The three of them sat in the car in the parking lot at Hawk’s munching chicken biscuits. Abby hadn’t wanted to leave the dog alone in the car which suited Autumn. She wasn’t up to making small talk with Hawk’s other patrons. All she could think about was Jude waking up and wondering where she’d gone. 
She deliberately hadn’t brought her cell phone because she didn’t think she was ready to talk to Jude and she didn’t want to have to ignore it. Now it seemed like a stupid decision. He was probably worried and she couldn’t even call to tell him she was okay. 
Abby took a chunk off of her biscuit and passed it back to Max. He’d already inhaled his and he took the offered treat gently in his huge mouth.
They could take the dog back to Jude’s. With Abby along, she and Jude couldn’t talk about anything serious. Of course, she might have to leave Abby there, she thought, watching the massive black dog lick her fingers with his big pink tongue.
“I think we better take Max back to Dr. Southerland, kiddo. He’s probably missing him.” She gave Abby the rest of her biscuit to feed the dog and crumpled the wrapper.
“Do we have to? Couldn’t Dr. Southerland come back to our house?” the little girl pleaded.
“Not today.” Abby was too used to not getting her way to whine, but Autumn could tell she was upset. “Tell you what, why don’t we swing by your old house and grab some of your stuff. I told your momma we’d do that this weekend. That way you’ll have toys to play with and you won’t miss Max as much.” If Summer was right about Dwayne staying somewhere else, it was unlikely he’d be at the trailer this early. And if he was they could always come back later.
“Can we go there first?”
“Okay, but we need to be quick. I don’t want Dr. Southerland to worry.”

When they got to the trailer, the little gravel parking space was empty. So far so good. Autumn used Summer’s spare key to open the flimsy front door although the key seemed unnecessary given how easily the door shook in the frame. Max pushed inside and she and Abby followed. 
It was dark and the air smelled sour and stale, the same almost cat urine smell from before. It didn’t look like anyone had been there since she’d grabbed some clothes for Summer after the hospital. They’d planned to come back for the rest, but every time she’d suggested it, her sister got quiet so she hadn’t pressed the issue. 
Abby made a beeline for her room with Max on her heels. Autumn turned toward the kitchen to look for grocery bags or something to carry Abby’s things. She froze, her head under the sink when she heard footsteps on the porch and the dog’s steady growl. Standing, she watched in horror as Dwayne stepped through the open door.
 


Chapter 22
The ripped jeans hung low on Dwayne’s hips like they’d been bought for someone much larger. He wore a faded thin t-shirt that proclaimed Dealer and his hair fell in greasy strands around his drawn face. But it was his eyes that made Autumn’s blood go cold. His eyes were huge, bloodshot, red-rimmed, and crazy.
“Looky here. I just stepped out for a minute, taking a break from my work and look who showed up. Where’s the fucking bitch?” He didn’t slur his words so he hadn’t been drinking. 
It wasn’t a comfort. Autumn suspected a drunk Dwayne would have been easier to deal with than this crazy man high on whatever he’d been taking.
She had to get Abby out of the trailer, preferably before Dwayne realized she was there. She must have heard him but for now at least she’d stayed out of sight. Max put himself between Dwayne and Abby’s door, keeping up a low steady growl.
“Who’s fucking dog?” Dwayne grabbed a baseball bat from beside the door and pointed at the dog, who amped up his growl.
More than she’d ever wished for anything, Autumn wished she’d gotten to the bat first. Reaching behind her, she felt around for anything she could use as a weapon.
“Dr. Southerland’s.” Her voice came out as a scared croak, and she coughed to clear it. “Max belongs to Dr. Southerland.”
At the sound of his name Max paused in his growling but when Dwayne took a step closer to Autumn he started up again, louder this time.
“So you’re fucking the good doctor. Probably think you’re too good for me now, stupid bitch.” 
It didn’t seem like a good time to point out she’d always thought she was too good for him. She glanced over Dwayne’s shoulder, trying to catch a glimpse of Abby without alerting him. She didn’t see the little girl, but Max was slinking closer like he was trying to protect her but was unwilling to leave Abby’s door. Good dog.
“He knows we’re here.” God, if only that were true, but no one knew they were there and she didn’t even have her cell phone. She cleared her throat again. She should be used to the smell by now but it seemed to be getting stronger.
“Well then we’ll just have to be quick about it. One Maddox whore is as good as any other.” He closed the distance between them, an ugly sneer on his face. 
Max must have decided she needed him more than Abby. He growled one last time and let out a booming bark before lunging at Dwayne.

Jude woke warm and happy, basking in the glow from the previous night. Until he reached for Autumn and found the bed empty.
She wasn’t anywhere in the rest of the apartment and he didn’t see a note. God damn it. He couldn’t believe she’d sneak off like that.
He tugged on jeans, slipped on his t-shirt and shoved his feet into shoes. The if she thinks she’s going to sneak out of my bed in the middle of the night and walk away from something this good, she’s got another thing coming litany played on a loop in his head as he drove the few blocks to her house. 
He banged on the front door and Summer opened it, holding a mug of coffee.
“They’re not here.” She turned away and he followed her into the kitchen.
She reached into one of the cabinets and snagged a mug with Worlds Greatest Grandma printed on the side. She filled it with coffee, handed it to him and motioned for him to sit at the counter.
He held the mug in both hands and breathed in the rich aroma before taking a sip. This wasn’t Andrew’s coffee house coffee; this was good old fashioned good to the last drop coffee.
“Where are they?”
“The three of them went to Hawk’s.” Summer pulled out a frying pan and went to the refrigerator for eggs and cheese.  “Bacon or sausage?”
“You don’t have to cook for me.” Even as he said it, his stomach growled.
“Yes I do. You’re hungry and it will give me something to do while we talk.” She pulled out a tube of sausage and set it on the counter with the eggs. “What happened?”
“You tell me.” He took a swallow of his coffee. “Last night was amazing. This morning I woke up and she was gone. No note. Nothing.”
“You really don’t have any idea what’s going on?” Summer sliced sausage patties and put them in the pan to fry.
His first impulse was to say no, he didn’t have any idea why Autumn left, but something about Summer’s matter-of-fact, almost motherly care made it hard to lie to her. And himself. He took a deep breath and told her everything, how cutting Andrew had been on the boat, how she’d pulled away from him at the hospital, the way she reacted when he told her what he’s said to Andrew. 
“She thinks she isn’t good enough for me, but she is.”
“Damn skippy she is.” Summer flipped the sausage before reaching for her coffee. “And that’s not it exactly. Autumn is a strong capable person. She knows her own worth. She couldn’t have done everything she has if she didn’t. But she also knows what it’s like to grow up in this town. She doesn’t think people are ever going to let you forget about her family.” She put sausage and a big scoop of scrambled eggs on a plate and set them in front of him. She glanced at him sheepishly. “It doesn’t help if some of us keep reminding them.”
“That’s just stupid.”
She arched an eyebrow at him.
“The family thing I mean. Not the other thing and nobody knows about that anyway.”
“This is Bedford. Everybody’s heard about it by now. Gossip travels so fast in this town; I think sometimes the Ladies Auxiliary knows about things before they even happen.”
Jude smiled and took a bite of eggs.
“It doesn’t matter to me. Autumn is the one who matters to me. I love her.”
Summer squeezed his shoulder and he was struck by how comfortable she seemed with him. Living with her sister was good for her.
“I know you do,” she said. “And I think you’re right. I think she’s giving up on a once in a lifetime kind of love. Which, by the way, is the only reason I’m telling you any of this. Don’t make me regret it.”
 


Chapter 23
It was hard to reconcile how crazy he looked with how quickly he acted. In a move that seemed almost choreographed, Dwayne brought the bat up and swung just as Max jumped for him. It was like a pitch and swing except the ball was Max’s head. 
Autumn heard a sickening crunch and the big dog went down. A sob caught in her throat and her eyes stung with tears, made worse by the smell that seemed to be getting stronger every minute.  She had to get Abby out.  
She forced herself to look past the lifeless body of the dog to Abby’s door. She could see her niece’s stricken tear filled eyes peeking around the door to her room. 
She was going to kill Dwayne for Max and Summer, but most of all for Abby. And then she was going to make sure her niece never had that haunted look in her eyes again.
Still holding the bat casually by his side, Dwayne took a step closer and Autumn backed up, bumping up against the countertop. 
“Now,” he said, reaching for her neck. His breath blew hot and sour in her face and she fought the urge to gag. “We better hurry before the good doctor comes looking for his dog.”
His thumb dug painfully into her throat and she felt her pulse hammering under his hand. She didn’t fight him as he forced his hips against her, ramming the small of her back into the corner of the cheap laminate counter and the stove. She reached behind her to brace herself and her hand caught the handle of something. 
She wouldn’t fight until Abby was safe, but she would fight. She’d be damned if she would let things end here. She was not going to die in this stupid, stinking slice from her past. And she was done running from her future. She wasn’t going to let something as superficial as choices her mother made stop her from having the life she wanted. If she got out of here – when she got out of here – she was going to go find Jude and start her future with him. She thought about Max and a sob caught in her throat. If he’d still have her.
Her eyes watered from the pain, the sour smell of the trailer, and an unwashed Dwayne. Forcing herself to ignore the feeling of his erection pressing against her belly, she used her free hand to motion behind his back for Abby to get out. 
Dwayne grabbed her breast and mashed his mouth against hers, bruising her lips. She ignored her disgust at his touch and the fetid taste of his brutal kiss. She managed to keep her eyes open so she could look over his shoulder and watch her niece slip out the trailer door. 
As soon as she was sure Abby had made it out, she brought her knee up as hard as she could and caught Dwayne in his balls. When he staggered back, she grabbed the handle of the cast iron skillet and swung with everything she had, aiming for Dwayne’s head.

The smack and gong of metal hitting bone reverberated through her arm and Dwayne crumpled to the floor. He didn’t go the whole way down and before he had a chance to regain his bearings, she hit him again. With him flat on the floor she caught a glimpse of what she hadn’t been able to see before.
Wisps of smoke curled out from under the door of Dwayne’s secret locked room. 

Autumn hurried around Dwayne to get to Max. Blood matted his fur and he didn’t move. She threaded her fingers through his thick black coat and felt under his jaw where she thought his pulse might be. It wasn’t much, but he was still warm and she thought she felt something.
Worried that she’d hurt him by moving him and even more worried she was running out of time, Autumn gently worked her arms under the dog’s body. She struggled to lift him over her shoulder. He had to weigh at least eighty pounds and by the time she managed to get him into something resembling a fireman’s carry, the smoke had started to roll out from under the door. 
She made it down the rickety wooden porch steps and was setting Max on the ground behind her car when she heard a wumpf and bang. Flames shot out the trailer door.
She wanted Dwayne out of all their lives, but she didn’t want him to burn to death. She left the dog and crept around her car to the front door. Before she reached the steps, she knew it was no use. Even in the shelter behind the car she could feel the heat from the fire and flames filled the doorway. She couldn’t get in there to save him. No one could save him now.
Turning, she saw Abby standing on the neighbor’s porch, a gray haired woman standing protectively behind her. When her niece saw Autumn, she started to come to her, but the woman wrapped an arm around her and held her fast. Grateful, she went to Max to try to move him farther away from the burning trailer.
When she bent to wrestle her arms under him, Max moved his head. Just a little, but it was enough to make Autumn sob with relief. She hooked her arms under his front legs and started to shuffle drag him toward the road. He cart wheeled his legs feebly, trying to help her. As soon as she felt like they were a safe distance from the fire, she collapsed on the gravel, wrapped her arms around Max and started to cry, her face pressed into his thick black fur. In the distance she could hear the sirens getting closer.

Jude made the turn into the trailer park, Summer sitting white knuckled in the passenger seat beside him. She hadn’t said a word since Adam called to tell them there’d been a fire. He wanted to reassure her, but all he could think about was Autumn and Abby.
Lights from the police and fire vehicles flashed ahead and clouds of black smoke billowed into the sky. A sob escaped from Summer when he pulled close enough to see the trailer engulfed in flames. 
“There.” He pointed to the small figure wrapped in the arms of an older woman. He barely managed to park the car behind the police cruiser before Summer leapt out and raced up the steps of the porch to her daughter. 
Still no sign of Autumn.
Jude climbed out of the car, scanning the organized chaos. Police created a barricade keeping onlookers at a safe distance while firefighters kept hoses trained on the fire. It was obvious the trailer was a total loss. They must be worried about the flames spreading. Even at a distance, he could feel the heat.
Up ahead, he saw Adam motioning to him.
“Where is she?”
“She’s okay. She’s with the EMT’s.”
Jude didn’t wait to see if his brother had anything else to say. He jogged to the back of the ambulance.
She was there, sitting on the tailgate wrapped in a blanket even though the heat from the fire could be felt this far away. 
He pulled her into his arms, overwhelmed with the need to surround her, to cover her with his body and protect her. Her body shook and he held her tight in the shelter of his arms while she cried.
“I’m sorry, so sorry.” She sobbed the words against his chest. 
“Shh, baby. It’s okay.” He rubbed her back and crooned. “You’re okay. You got Abby out.” His heart clutched at how easily he could’ve lost her.
“But Max.” She tipped her face up to look at him, tears streaming down her cheeks. “He hit Max.”
“It’s okay. He’ll be okay.” He prayed that was true. When Adam called to tell him about the fire, he’d filled him in on what happened without giving him details. He knew Dwayne tried to kill Max and that Autumn had gotten him out before the fire started. “Dawn Mitchell works at the animal hospital. She took him in.” Dawn was also on the volunteer rescue squad, but there was no one to rescue today. He looked over at what was left of the trailer. No one could survive that fire.
“He tried to protect me.” A fresh flood of tears rolled down her face.
For a moment, Jude was grateful Dwayne was dead. It saved him the moral turmoil of having to kill the bastard himself.
“Of course he did. He loves you. I love you.” He tried to pull her in tighter but she put her hands on his chest, keeping him at arm’s length.
“I’m sorry, Jude. I’m so sorry for everything. I’m sorry I dragged you into this mess.”  
He didn’t think it was possible to feel anything, but grateful, but her penitent expression made him angry.
“Damn it, Autumn. Enough. God, I’ve never been so scared in my life. You can say you’re sorry for sneaking out of my bed, but that’s it. I don’t want to hear about your past or your job or our families. I don’t want to hear any more about how we don’t fit together. We do. We fit.” He gentled his hands, fighting the urge to give her a little shake. “And I want to help you. I want to make things easier for you. Not because I don’t think you can do it yourself.”
“Okay.” She nodded, tears making streaks in the soot covering her face.
“I know you can. You’re one of the most capable people I know. I want to help you because I love you. You’re family to me and that’s what family does. What?” he asked his brain finally catching up.
“I said okay. Okay to everything. You’re family to me, too. I love you.”
 


Chapter 24
“Wait for us,” Autumn called, the wind catching her words. 
Max had almost completely recovered from his ordeal in the trailer, but he still had trouble with his balance sometimes. She put a steadying hand on his big furry back while he navigated the stone steps to the top. Jude reached for her hand, making space for both of them on the peak of Sharp Top.
Wrapping his arms around her from behind, he nestled her against him. Max leaned his strong warm body against her leg. They stood, looking out over the valley below covered in a patchwork of deep reds, oranges, and golds. The air was cold and crisp. It wouldn’t be long before the trees went bare for the winter.
Autumn snuggled back in Jude’s arms, warm from the heat of his body and the love that threatened to overwhelm her. 
“I love you,” she said, tipping her head up to plant a kiss on his jaw.
He smiled down at her, brushing his lips over hers in a kiss so tender it stole her breath. “I love you more.”
It reminded her of the Guess How Much I Love You book with the rabbits Abby loved.
“You see these mountains around us,” she said, motioning to the Blue Ridge.
“Yes, darling,” he said with a laugh. “I see them.”
“About three hundred million years ago these mountains were part of the ancient Appalachian range.” She felt him nod behind her. “They were part of the highest mountain range on the planet, higher than the Himalayas. These mountains were so tall weather couldn’t get past. Birds couldn’t fly over them.” Turning in his arms to face him, she reached up to cup his face, meeting his hazel eyes with her blue ones. “I love you more than that,” she said before catching his mouth with hers.
 
 

Epilogue
Six months later…
Bailey watched her brother raise his glass to toast his fiancée and smiled. She was happy for them. Autumn brought out the best in Jude and it seemed, at least from the outside, like they had the kind of love that would last. The kind of love that had sustained her parent’s marriage for almost forty years. 
She wasn’t jealous, not exactly, but she was tired of being alone.
She looked across her parents’ yard, past the riot of azaleas to the tables filled with food for the engagement party. Trace Campbell stood to the side by himself, smiling at the guests as they filled plates with the baby greens and asparagus spears he’d picked that morning and deviled eggs she’d made from eggs laid by his hens. A lock of brown hair fell over eyes that shifted from blue to storm cloud gray. Stubble covered his jaw even though he’d been clean shaven when she picked him up that morning to make the two hour drive from Mountain Lake to Bedford.
When her normal helper got sick, Trace offered to help her set up and keep things filled and fresh during the party. He was always willing to help out as long as it was behind the scenes. He grew most of the produce she used in her restaurant on his organic farm and the quality of his fruits and vegetables were a large part of her restaurant’s success.
He never hesitated to plant a new variety of peppers or beans if she wanted to try it. But it didn’t matter how many hints she dropped – subtle and obvious – he never got the idea that she was interested in more than his produce. They’d worked together for years, since she opened Seasons, and had been friends for almost as long. 
She knew he had a live-in girlfriend years ago, but he hadn’t dated anyone in the time she’d known him. It certainly wasn’t because he didn’t have plenty of opportunities. More than half of the college interns who came to work on his farm were pretty, fresh-faced, young women. Most of them looked eager to be more than friends with the handsome farmer. 
A few of them had even sat at her counter drinking coffee and asking her advice on how to get close to him. As far as she knew, none of them succeeded. 
Of course, it wasn’t like she was some kind of dating pro herself. Running Seasons took all of her energy, there wasn’t much left for a personal life. But if she was being honest with herself, the real reason was that she already had her heart set on someone.
She took a sip of her champagne and smiled to herself. She wanted to be more than friends and she was tired of waiting. She was about to take matters into her own hands and the farmer wouldn’t know what hit him.


The End
 

Dear Reader,
I hope you enjoyed Feels Like Home: Book 1 in the Southern Heart Series. I’d love to hear from you at authorevelynadams@gmail.com and you can find me on Facebook. Sign up for juicy bits and find out about new releases at www.evelynadamseroticromance.com  If you have a moment please consider leaving a review. Honest reviews from readers help authors and make it easier for people to find books they will enjoy. 
Loving Bailey: Book 2 in the Southern Heart Series is available now. Read on for a sample of Trace and Bailey’s story. It was one of my favorite books to write, but really by the time I’m finished, I love all the couples I write about. I hope you do, too! 
Book 3 is Summer and Travis’s story. I don’t think I’ve ever wanted two characters to find their Happily Ever After more than this couple. It will be out at the end of Summer 2014. In the meantime, I’m working on a novella of Jude and Autumn’s wedding with a little surprise. It will go on sale for $.99 but I will be happy to send it to you for free if you sign up for my mailing list. 
I don’t do newsletters so I won’t crowd your inbox. I only send announcements when I release a new book. No spam and you’ll know right away about the next Southerland book. If you love the family as much as I do, you don’t want to miss a single story. 

Many Blessings!
Evelyn
 


More Books by Evelyn Adams

The Southern Heart Series
Feel Like Home (Jude and Autumn)
Loving Bailey (Bailey and Trace)
Coming Soon: Jude and Autumn’s Wedding Novella
Practical Arrangement (Travis and Summer)

Studio 1247 Erotic Romance Series
Love Unbound
Bound to Please
Bound with Pleasure

The Forbidden Fruit Erotic Romance Series
Love Unlocked
Love Uncovered
Love Unwrapped
Love Unlocked, Uncovered and Unwrapped Box Set

For the Billionaires Pleasure
Wired
Coming Soon: Wrapped

 
Bailey Southerland’s big chef’s knife paused mid-stroke as she looked from the lemons on her cutting board to the man pounding on the glass door of her restaurant. She didn’t recognize him and his artfully faded leather bomber jacket and chambray shirt screamed J Crew. Too polished for a local. Besides, a local would know she didn’t open for – she glanced at the clock on the wall behind her – another hour and a half.
Sorry, she mouthed, tapping her wrist where a watch would be if she bothered to wear one.
	The handsome stranger cast his eyes heavenward and clapped a hand over his heart before turning his clear blue eyes on her and mouthing, please. The intensity of his gaze and the curve of his smooth full lips made her heart beat a little faster.
	It couldn’t hurt to find out what he wanted. She wiped her hands on the bar towel tucked in her apron and crossed the dining room to flip the lock on the front door.
	“Can I help you with something,” she asked. Now that she was closer she could see that his sandy brown hair could use a trim and he needed a shave. Neither detracted from how attractive he was. If anything, his slightly scruffy jaw line counterbalanced his catalogue model clothes.
	“God, I hope so.” He started to walk through the door but stopped when she didn’t step to the side. “Please, I need coffee and I can’t bring myself to drive down the mountain.”
	“Just coffee?” she said, moving out of his way so he could come inside.
	“And maybe something for breakfast?” he asked, looking sheepish and adorable.
	“Aren’t you staying at the lodge?” He didn’t look like a geologist or conservationist, that left Treetop Adventures or Mountain Lake Lodge. His buttery leather loafers bore no resemblance to the hiking boots he’d need to do the obstacle course up in the trees. “Why didn’t you eat there?”
	“They put the continental breakfast away at ten. Who gets up that early to eat breakfast?” He winked at her. Bailey was on her second cup of Earl Grey before eight, but she couldn’t help but grin back. Something about the handsome stranger charmed her.
	“Sit down.” She motioned to one of the bar stools. “We don’t serve breakfast, but I’ll see what I can do.”
	She scooped some beans into the grinder and pushed the button. The rich aroma of French roast coffee filled the air.
	“Oh my God,” he groaned. “You’re an angel.”
	“Hardly.” She started the coffee brewing and ducked back into the kitchen to find something to fix him for breakfast.
	“Who was at the door?” asked Jen, Bailey’s best friend and pastry chef. 
	“Some guy who’s staying at the resort.” She glanced at her reflection in the chrome towel dispenser beside the hand wash sink and straightened her white cap, tucking a few stray curls behind her ear.
“Just some guy, huh,” Jen said, watching her from the bread dough she was kneading.
“Do we have anything to serve for breakfast?”
“There is some day old bread for French toast.”
“That’ll work.” She grabbed the loaf and sliced off two thick pieces.
“What does the some guy look like?”
“Cute enough, I guess.” Bailey pulled the milk and eggs out of the reach-in and grabbed a bowl to make the custard for the French toast.
“I want to see. I want to see,” squealed Jen.
“Shh, he’ll hear you.”
“Oooh, you’re worried about what he’ll think. Now I’ve got to see.” Jen dusted the flour off her hands and scooted out the door before Bailey could figure out a way to stop her. 
She snagged a whisk off of the hanging rack and started to beat the milk into the eggs. When the mixture turned pale and frothy, she dunked the slices of bread and then laid them out on the hot grill. By the time the toast was ready to flip, Jen was back, fanning herself with her hand.
“My, my, my,” she said. “His clothes are a little pretty, but I’m not going to hold that against him. I’d be more than happy to hold something else against him. Like me,” she said, waggling her eyebrows. 
“Shut up,” Bailey said with a laugh. 
They both knew Jen was kidding. She had two kids, a mortgage and she and her husband shared a passion to rival newlyweds. Bailey envied them. She wanted that. Someone she could love who would love her back. A partner to build a life with the way she’d built her business. She picked up the carton of strawberries sitting on the counter. She thought she’d found the right person, but despite her best attempts, it didn’t look like that was ever going to work out. 
Unlike store bought berries that were shipped from halfway around the world, these were red the whole way through and when she sliced them the scent of fresh strawberry filled the room. She popped a berry in her mouth and closed her eyes as the sweet tart taste flooded her mouth. Trace Campbell might not be able to take a hint, at least not where she was concerned, but he knew how to grow some truly delicious strawberries.
Sliding the French toast onto a plate, she topped it with the sliced berries and sprinkled on powdered sugar. When she pushed open the door to the dining room, the man looked over the rim of the coffee cup he clutched like a lifeline and hit her with a smile so full of pleasure she stopped mid-step.
“I think I love you,” he said when she set the plate in front of him. He took an enormous bite of French toast and berries and groaned. “God, it’s official. True love. What did you do to the strawberries to make them taste so good?”
“Not a thing. It’s just the berries. They’re grown locally at a farm at the bottom of the mountain. First of the season.” As she said it, she tried not to think about the farmer who grew them and how much she’d hoped they would be more than friends. No use crying over bruised berries.
“They’re amazing,” he said, following another bite of toast with a swallow of coffee. “So is this view.”
Bailey looked out the wall of windows to the view of the valley below. She’d fallen in love with Mountain Lake on a weekend visit to her sister, Rachel, at Virginia Tech. They made the climb up the 4,000 foot peak in Rachel’s ancient Volvo and had lunch at the old Mountain Lake Hotel. Bailey had been completely charmed by the history of the place. 
When she was ready to start a restaurant of her own, she’d come back to Mountain Lake and found the house hanging off the side of the mountain that she’d turned into Seasons.
“It is, isn’t it?” She took one more look out over the spring green patches in the valley below. “More coffee?” she asked, reaching for the pot. 
“Please,” he said. “My name is Spencer Davis, by the way. Thanks for saving me from another cup of hotel coffee.”
“My pleasure. I’m Bailey Southerland.” She held out her hand and Spencer took it in his much larger one, not so much shaking it as giving it a gentle squeeze. 
“Nice to meet you, Bailey Southerland. I think it’s going to be a real pleasure getting to know you.”


Trace Campbell finished pulling the last of the radishes from the end of the row. It was barely May, but if the weather held, it would soon be too hot to keep them from bolting and going to seed. The variety was a blend called Easter egg and the ping pong sized globes were white, pink, pale lavender and the expected red. Bailey had asked him to plant them for her to use at Seasons. 
He dropped them into the tub. He’d add them to the greens he and the interns had picked that morning and take them up to the restaurant with another batch of strawberries and some fat asparagus spears. His long-term intern, Jake handled some of the other deliveries, but Trace always went to Bailey’s himself.
“Hey boss, what do you want to put in here?” Amanda, a junior from Radford and his newest intern, stood at the end of one of the beds they’d cleared the spinach out of the day before. She tucked her hands in the pockets of her cut off short shorts and stuck out her chin in a gesture that was almost provocative. 
Please don’t let her get any ideas. It seemed like at least once a season he ended up fielding off unwanted advances from one of the young college women who came to work for him on the farm. Usually it was a simple as making it clear that he didn’t get involved with the people who worked for him, but it always made for some awkward days.
He didn’t have any illusions that it was him they were interested in. For most of them it was their romanticized view of the farmer, the same reason they spent their summers working on the farm. Ten years from now they wouldn’t be farming, they’d just gotten caught up in the magic of working the land and saw him as a kind of a contemporary Thoreau.
They wanted a fling and his roots ran too deep for that. The few times he did date it was someone from Blacksburg or even farther away and he always kept things casual and just for fun. There had only been one person he’d really been interested in in over a decade, since Anna left really. And he wasn’t about to mess things up by changing their relationship. He might want more – hell, he did want more, but there was no way he’d risk losing their friendship.
“Go ahead and rake the bed and then you can put in a second crop of Swiss chard.” Bright Lights, it was another of Bailey’s varieties. “Get Jake to help you if you have questions. I’ll be back later.” He picked up the tub and headed to the shed to get the rest of the produce for Seasons.

Trace’s twenty year old Ford pickup ground its way up the mountain. It worked harder and harder at the end of each switch back. He ought to replace it before it broke down for good, but he just couldn’t bring himself to get rid of it while there was still some life left in it. He passed the huge boulders that dotted the top of the mountain and was struck again by the size of the rhododendrons. Spring was a little later arriving at this elevation and purple blooms still covered the tree sized plants.
There was already a car in the lot at Seasons and he glanced at his watch to make sure it wasn’t later than he thought. No, too early for dinner traffic even on the weekend. He grabbed the tub of produce from the passenger seat and pushed open the back door. Emory stood at the counter polishing dishwasher spots off of the silverware and stacking it in trays. It was too early for whoever was serving that night to be there yet, assuming Bailey had someone scheduled. Things didn’t really pick up at the lodge for another month, but Bailey’s restaurant had earned its own reputation and people had started to make the long drive to the top of the mountain just for her fresh seasonal menus. 
It made him proud to think of it. When she moved into the empty house four years ago and said she was going to turn it into a destination restaurant, none of the locals thought she’s last a year. She proved them all wrong. She was smart and creative and her hard work had paid off. 
“Where’s the boss lady?”
“Out front with some guy,” said Emory.
“What guy?” Trace hadn’t let himself take a chance getting romantically involved with Bailey because he didn’t want to risk losing her as a friend. She was too important to him. His stomach clenched at the thought that he might lose her to someone else.
“Some writer. He was here when I got in. I think he’s been here all day.”
“What’s he doing?”
“Don’t know, but I don’t think he came for the food or if he did, that’s not why he stayed,” said Emory with a knowing glance.
Trace set the tub on the center work table and pushed open the door to the dining room. Bailey sat at one of the tables by the window, laughing with some guy wearing one of those fake work shirts too clean to have ever seen an honest day’s labor. She leaned toward him, her dark curls falling in a riot around her face. Her cheeks were flushed and she looked so pretty, he stopped for a moment and simply watched her. 
The guy was watching her, too, looking at her like she was something good to eat. Trace clenched his fists to keep from decking him before they were even introduced. He cleared his throat and they turned to look at him. Bailey jumped, her expression sheepish and defiant at the same time. 
It was his own damn fault. She’d been dropping hints, some more obvious than others since they got back from her brother’s engagement party. He was the one who’d kept his distance. She was a beautiful, successful and incredibly sweet. It made sense that other men would be interested in her, but he didn’t have to like it.
“Trace, this is Spencer. He’s writing about the lake.”
“The geology?” asked Trace. The guy in the clean shirt – Spencer – didn’t look like a science geek but that didn’t mean he wasn’t. Mountain Lake was one of only two natural lakes in the state and its cycle of suddenly emptying and refilling made it a curiosity for serious scientists and those with just a passing interest in geology.
 “God no,” said Spencer. “I’m not writing about the lake itself, but my novel is set here. I came to do some research and maybe find a little time to play.” He looked at Bailey and smiled. 
If she blushed Trace was going to be sick.
“We were just talking about the last time the lake drained. I hadn’t opened yet, but you were here, weren’t you?” Bailey smiled at him, sweet and guileless, and he tried to remember why he shouldn’t drag her away from the other man and find some way to claim her as his own. 
Friends, that’s right. They were friends. Love didn’t last, at least not the romantic kind, and he needed her to stay his friend. Hell, he couldn’t imagine his world without her.
She kept staring at him and smiling, and he realized she was waiting for him to say something.
He shook his head to clear it. “In 2008, yeah, I was here. It started to empty a couple of years earlier, but that was the low point. It was pretty bad. There were dead fish everywhere.”
“Really?” said the writer- Spencer – what kind of name was that anyway? “It’s done that before, hasn’t it?” He asked Trace the question but his gaze was glued to Bailey. 
Trace had a feeling he knew the answer already, but he couldn’t figure out how to do anything but tell him without looking like a jerk.”Yeah, six or seven times in the last 4,200 years.”
“Wow,” said Spencer, still staring at Bailey. “That’s amazing.”
And this time she did blush, the rosy color making her dark eyes and curls even prettier than normal. Trace clenched his fists and rolled his eyes. Could the guy be any more obvious?
Bailey caught him mid-roll and deliberately turned her attention back to the other guy. 
Perfect. Just perfect.

Click here to read more of Trace and Bailey’s story.

