Fielding Her Secret
Book #1 of Corrigan & Co.
By Crystal Perkins
Smashwords Edition
Copyright (c) 2015 by Crystal Perkins
Cover Design by Helen Williams
http://www.allbookedout.com/
Ebook formatting by Jesse Gordon
All trademarks are owned by their respective companies and are denoted by the use of proper capitalization of the company and/or brand. All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book. This contemporary erotic romance is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners. This ebook is licensed for your personal use only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with, especially if you enjoy sexy, emotional, romance novels with alpha males. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return it and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author’s work.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
About Fielding Her SECRET
Other books by Crystal Perkins
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Epilogue
Acknowledgements
About the Author
About Fielding Her SECRET
She’s always been one of the guys.
Ainsley Martin grew up beating boys at sports, and resigned herself to the fate of always being a girl friend, and not a girlfriend. Transforming from a jock to a computer nerd didn’t help her win guys, but it did get her a job with the Corrigan & Co. Foundation. As the head of computers and technology for the foundation and its secret society, she normally works behind the scenes, overseeing the rescue of women and children. But this time, Jane Corrigan needs her to be on the front lines, and it may just be her undoing. Yes, she knows football, but she doesn’t know how to handle falling in love.
He’s never had trouble getting girls into his bed.
Zack Taylor learned early on that women only wanted him for his fame. Going home with them has allowed him to take his own pleasure, while knowing his heart will never be involved. Until he mistakes a beautiful woman for a groupie and tells her to get on her knees. When she stands up to him, he knows that he has to have her. All of her. He pursues Ainsley, trying to show her he’s more than what she sees on the football field.
Someone’s trying to sabotage the Las Vegas Legions football team, and Ainsley and Zack may just become collateral damage if they’re not careful. Can they learn to trust each other or will the biggest SECRET of all destroy them both?
Other books by Crystal Perkins
The Griffin Brothers series
Gaming For Love (The Griffin Brothers #1)
Building Our Love (The Griffin Brothers #2)
Creating A Love (The Griffin Brothers #3)
Learning To Love (The Griffin Brothers #4)
Designing The Love (The Griffin Brothers #5)
Working On Love (The Griffin Brothers #6)

Publicly, The Corrigan & Co. Foundation has been supporting women for years. Secretly, five powerful women led by Jane Corrigan have recruited ten agents, sending them to rescue women and children in need, and take down those who exploit the weak. This secret society of women all have unique skills they’ve brought to the foundation. Additionally, they’ve all had training in weapons, etiquette, martial arts, technology, and languages. Helping out friends and family of their five mentors from time to time is something they were told to expect. What they didn’t plan for is falling in love.
About the Corrigan & Co. Foundation and the Society:
• Mitchell Corrigan created the Corrigan & Co. Foundation for his wife as part of his company ten years ago. He stipulated that the foundation would continue as long as there is a Corrigan woman to oversee it.
• Jane Corrigan, Cyndi Evans, Maggie Griffin, Mallory Daniels, and Helen Wilson are the founders of the secret society within the foundation. They focus on helping women and children, but take on other missions from time to time.
• While they assist government and private organizations on a regular basis, they only take referrals for private missions.
• Each founder has recruited, and mentors, two agents.
• The company was founded in Chicago, but has now moved to Las Vegas, where Mitchell was born. On his deathbed, he asked his grandson to move the company headquarters to help revive the economy in his hometown. There are satellite offices all over the world.
• Jane’s grandson, Matt, who is President and CEO of Corrigan & Co., knows of the society. His friends Nathan and Aiden, who he brought in when they all left the military, know as well. This was a decision by the five women when they needed help on a mission that went bad. They do not know all mission details, but help when they are asked.
This series is dedicated to Nancy Drew, Trixie Belden, Diana Prince, Kelly Garrett, Jill Munroe, Sabrina Duncan, Kris Munroe, Tiffany Welles, Julie Rogers, Pepper Anderson, Jane Marple, Laura Holt, Christine Cagney, Mary Beth Lacey, Jessica Fletcher, Buffy Summers, Sydney Bristow, Kinsey Millhone, Stephanie Plum, Josie Marcus, Veronica Mars, Kate Beckett, and all the other kick-ass women I’ve read or watched throughout my life. I thank their creators for bringing these inspiring characters to life for me, and everyone else!
Chapter 1
Ainsley
I just got called into the conference room. I know what this means—I’m being assigned to a mission. I’ve done a few over the past four years, but not as many as the other women. My expertise is computers, so I usually just support everyone else while working in my office downstairs and overseeing my team. I’m not girly or glamorous, at all, which limits what I can do on the outside.
As I head upstairs in the elevator, I think about how I ended up here at Corrigan & Co. I was a tomboy growing up. I have four older brothers, and I followed them everywhere and wanted to do everything they did. So I played every sport imaginable; I asked for Legos and video games on my birthday instead of Barbie dolls and dresses. I took the dance classes my mom wanted me to, but only because I love her and I know it was hard for her to see her little girl wanting to be a boy.
When I got to junior high, I started noticing boys in more ways than just wanting to beat them on a sports field. It was too late, though. I was already Ainsley, the person picked first for sports teams and last for dating. I dealt with the disappointment of never getting asked out or kissed by getting lost in my video games, which lead to me taking a kids programming class at a local center. I was apparently good at it because they offered me the chance to take the college level classes next session. I fell in love with programming and coding and that’s all I wanted to do.
My parents supported me; although, I know they were worried about my not having a social life. I still played sports, but I never hung out with anyone from the teams—male or female—because when you get to a certain age, if you’re not trying to be a girl off the field, you just don’t fit in. At least not in my schools. So I kept to myself, wearing glasses to hide my pain and baggy clothes to hide my developing curves. I got a scholarship to one of the Chicago universities and was soon tutoring other students. I still kept to myself, but it was okay then. I was accepted because being smart was cool, especially when the hottest guy on campus was a computer nerd as well.
Scott Griffin is the human equivalent of a Greek god, if gods were covered in tattoos and a couple of piercings. Every girl on campus wanted him. I wanted him. His bed was occupied by almost every woman on campus. Not me, of course. To him, I was just another person who could code. It was just like when I was younger, only now I was just one of the computer guys, instead of a sports guy. Scott was always nice to me, and I got the respect that the other girls on campus didn’t get from him, so I guess that’s something.
It was Scott who brought me here. He asked me to meet him downtown at the C&C Chicago headquarters a couple of weeks before graduation. I’d heard of the company, but I wasn’t sure what I was doing there. They don’t specialize in computers. I went because, well, he is Scott Griffin, and I wasn’t going to say no.
Scott introduced to me to his mom, Maggie, and her friend, Jane Corrigan. They talked to me in the C&C Foundation offices. Jane is in charge of the foundation, which focuses on helping women. They help people put their lives back together after they suffer something traumatic or survive domestic violence. I soon learned that they also help in the rescue of those women.
They didn’t tell me that at first, of course. They talked to me about my work and told me they knew I had a good job lined up. I listened as they described the foundation and told me they’d like me to work there instead. Scott said he thought I’d be a great fit for the company. I said I’d think about it, and I did. I weighed the pros and cons and decided that I wanted to make a difference and not just hide behind a computer screen. Little did I know how much of a difference I would really be making.
Scott met me again at the foundation offices. This time, there were three other women besides Maggie and Jane in the conference room. I was introduced to Cyndi Evans, Mallory Daniels, and Helen Wilson. I’d seen pictures of all these women at events around town, but I wasn’t sure what they were doing here. Jane started by telling me how glad they were to have me working for the foundation. She then asked me to sign a simple document stating everything I was about to be told was confidential and that I would have to pay ten million dollars to the foundation if I disclosed anything that went on there. It was a little weird to be doing that for a job at a foundation, but I signed. I can keep a secret.
It was then that I found out what the foundation really does. Ten years ago, Jane and Cyndi decided to do something more than just be socialites. They saw Maggie at functions frequently; although, they didn’t fit in as much as it looked like they did. They’d gravitated to each other as women who weren’t just looking for good husbands. They wanted to make a difference, and Maggie suggested bringing her friends Helen and Mallory on as well.
Jane convinced her husband, one of the richest men in the world, to start a foundation for her. He agreed to give a significant amount of the profits from his company every year to help women in need. Jane and her friends agreed that they needed to actually assist in getting women out of bad situations and not just help them afterwards. The first women who worked for them were policewomen and military women who were tired of dealing with the discrimination they had to face in their jobs. They had the skill set to help rescue people. Thus, the secret part of the foundation was started.
Over the years, they’ve expanded and we now always have ten women who take part in missions. Each founding woman has two recruits working at any time. We’re paid well and can leave whenever we want. Not all of us have a police or military background. We have a language expert, fashion stylist, and even a former professional chef on the team. Every one of us had something that one of the five women—or in my situation, their son—saw in me and decided to cultivate. Scott actually helped recruit me for Jane, who knew she’d need someone to oversee the computer systems daily.
No matter what we specialize in, all of us are given weapons and martial arts classes as well as training in computers, languages, hair and makeup, and etiquette. It’s over a year of training before they even think about putting you in charge of a team. The instructors are both current and former team members, and I don’t think any company or government anywhere could rival the expertise we are given. I did well at languages, weapons, and martial arts. However, I barely passed the girly lessons, but I’m not surprised. I did pass, though, because you can’t be here if you fail a single one of them.
So now I work behind the scenes on many missions, offering computer support which includes hacking into security systems and banking sites. It’s not as glamorous as some of the missions the other women go on, but I know I’m still making a difference. I can’t even begin to count the number of women we’ve saved. We cover it all from domestic violence to human trafficking. We mostly find leads from trusted law enforcement contacts or even from watching the news. We can’t save everyone, but we do our best.
One of the most important things I’ve gotten from the foundation is friends. You can’t go through the training and missions without becoming close to the other women. I even let them dress me up and take me out to bars or clubs sometimes. Since meeting them, I’ve had my first kiss and my first sexual experience—neither were very exciting, but at least I won’t die a spinster. They’ve brought me out of my shell, and I would do anything for any one of those girls.
I get off the elevator and walk into the conference room, expecting to just see people from our team. I’m not expecting to see Lindsey Rivers, wife to the owner of the Las Vegas Legions football team, sitting at the table. We take on private jobs occasionally that don’t have to do with women’s issues. Usually it’s for a friend of one of the women or a referral from someone we’ve helped before. We obviously keep the “Society” as we jokingly call it, secret. The agents can tell one family member, if we want. I told my mom. And if we get married, or are close to that point, we can reveal ourselves to the person we’re involved with. The founders can tell the females in their family and one male relative. That’s how Scott helped recruit me. He knows and actually created the software we currently use. I don’t know where Mrs. Rivers fits in, but as a football junkie, I’m more than a little excited.
“Thank you for joining us, Ainsley,” Jane says with a smile. I know she knows I’m freaking out because last week I told her I couldn’t wait for the regular season, especially since I have season tickets.
“You can sit down,” Reina tells me with a chuckle. She’s the most senior of all of us and pretty much runs things. Jane’s still the one in charge, but Reins is her second in command and has authority over everything.
“Oh yeah.” I go to sit next to Stella, who is looking like she just walked off a runway. She was a fashion major when she was recruited and sighs as she takes in my baggy sweatshirt and jeans.
“Ladies, this is Lindsey Rivers. We helped one of her friends several years ago and now, she needs our help. The other women and I have agreed to take on her case. There is someone who is trying to sabotage the football team her husband owns. They’re going to have their first regular season home game in six weeks. This is important to Las Vegas, as well as Lindsey and her husband. The city has been trying to get a professional sports team for years. My husband wanted a team for his hometown and was instrumental in the creation of the Legions before he passed away.” Jane pauses for a moment to collect herself. “Lindsey, can you let us know what’s been going on and where you think we can get someone in under cover?”
“Yes. Of course. Thank you again for agreeing to help. Over the past two months, things have been happening that I can no longer brush off as coincidences. There have been damaged cleats, medicines switched out, parts of our playbook ending up in the hands of other teams, and now this week, a rack of equipment was pushed onto one of our running backs, Zack Taylor. He managed to jump out of the way, but it was close.”
Zack Taylor almost got crushed? That would have been devastating for the team. And him too, of course. Plus, the few women in the city he hasn’t slept with would have missed out on that hot body of his. I’m lost in thoughts of his dark hair and sexy eyes and almost miss the rest of the conversation.
“Yes. There seems to be too much going on for it to be a coincidence,” Reina says.
“I need your help and I think the easiest way is to have someone date a player. I was thinking of Kevin Donaldson. He’s our quarterback and a complete sweetheart. I think if I told him I had a nice woman for him to meet, he’d take her out. Once they were dating, she’d have access to the players and staff. It has to be someone on the inside doing these things.”
“We’re not a dating service, Mrs. Rivers, but I think your idea has merit. Are you okay with that, Ainsley?”
“Me?”
“Yes, you. You know more about football than most men. You’re the perfect choice.”
I look at Jane and then to Lindsey Rivers. She looks a little horrified at the thought of it being me. I can understand why. I’m not exactly looking like someone a quarterback would date. Now I know why Stella’s here. She’s going to transform me. The thought scares me, but excites me at the same time. I’ll never admit it out loud, but I kind of liked it when I let the other women dress me up to go out. I felt powerful when I saw guys actually looking at me as something more than a teammate. A mission that involves football and being a girl—yeah, I’m totally into this one.
“I’d love to help.” I turn to Mrs. Rivers. “I know how to be a girl when I have to. You don’t need to worry. Stella will get me all set with clothes and things.”
“I will. She’s a knockout when we get her into real clothes.”
“I’m not worried,” she tells me with a smile. I cock an eyebrow at her and she laughs. “Okay, well maybe I was a little worried. I trust Jane, though. If she thinks you’re the right choice, then so do I.”
We go over a few more details and agree that I’ll be introduced as the daughter of one of her college friends who just moved to town and is looking for a job. Lindsey—as she asked me to call her—tells me that she’d like me to attend a cocktail party at her home on Friday to meet everyone and get things started. I’ll have only two days to transform into a socialite. I hope it’s enough time.
I spend the rest of the day doing profiles on all the players and staff. I know who they are since I’m a fan, but this is the more in-depth stuff. I’m looking for a reason that one of them would want to sabotage the team. Nothing jumps out at me right away and I plan on taking everything home with me to continue working.
Stella has other plans. She brings our friend Darcy to my office, and the two of them insist on taking me shopping. I hesitate a little, but I know it’s necessary. Besides, I do want to go. I just can’t give up my tomboy image, even in front of my friends. I let them take me to the mall and I end up with some very fancy and very sexy dresses. I insisted on some jeans and casual clothes because I can’t always be dressed up; especially if I attend pre-season games. They gave in, but only half-way. Now even my casual clothes are designer brands.
I fall asleep thinking about which dress I’ll wear. I can’t remember ever doing that before in my life. Of course, I‘ve never gone to a party with Zack Taylor before. I know he’s way out of my league and I’ve got to date Kevin Donaldson, but that doesn’t stop me from dreaming of the man with dark hair and eyes.
Chapter 2
Zack
One thing I love about these parties is the women. Actually, it’s not just one thing, it’s the only thing. I mean, yeah, I can get pretty much any girl I want at a club, too, but they aren’t always discreet. The women who are invited to these parties know that we aren’t coming back for more if they talk. Not that I usually take any woman to bed more than once. I have no qualms about letting one suck me off more than once, though.
Case in point is the woman on her knees in front of me right now. I spent a couple hours at her place a few months ago and then she wanted a repeat performance. I told her no, and she still offered to take care of me at every party. I’m not the only one she takes care of, but, well, you know what they say… practice makes perfect. Who am I to turn down a superb blow job?
We’re in the bathroom at my team owner’s house. I know it’s probably totally inappropriate, but I’m really not the only one who does it. I should maybe know better as one of the oldest, but a good orgasm is definitely what the doctor ordered after the past few weeks. Weird things have been happening, and I’m not so sure they’re all coincidences. I was hoping for a smooth ride with this team. At almost thirty, I don’t have a lot of playing years left and I was looking to get a four year contract somewhere. Then, maybe look into retiring.
My parents’ house has been paid off for years, and my sister is doing well on her own. With my savings from my pay and all of my endorsement deals, I’m set. If I didn’t love the game so much, I’d probably just say fuck it and get out now. But I do love it. And not just for the perks my body’s enjoying right now. I truly love to play football. Running down the field to catch the ball for a touchdown is better than anything else in this world. Anything.
My thoughts are interrupted as I feel my orgasm building down my spine. I notice I’m thrusting into this chick’s mouth as I hold her head tight against me. She’s taking it all in like the pro she is. As I’m about to come, I push her off me and turn to let loose in the sink.
“I would have swallowed that down.”
“No need. Thanks.”
She stands and pulls her short dress down. “We could continue this.”
I sigh and look at her. “I’ve been very clear that we won’t be doing anything other than what you just did, again. You need to stop asking because it’s getting old. If you want more than to get on your knees, you should stop getting down on them for all of us. I’m sorry if that’s harsh, but it’s true.”
“You’ll change your mind.” She runs a fake nail along my sleeve and I pull back, glaring at her.
“I promise you I won’t.”
“Jerk.”
She storms from the bathroom as I wash up. I am a jerk, and more. I know it. I wasn’t always this way. When I started playing ball in high school, I was still naïve enough to think that girls liked me for me. By college, I understood that it was just the status of being seen with the star running back. When I went pro, I knew the game and I’ve been playing it ever since. I haven’t met a girl who wants me just for me, and I’ve given up on finding one.
I make myself presentable again and get ready to go back to the party. As I reach for the door, it opens. I move back to not be hit by it as some chick pushes in. She stops in her tracks when she sees me and turns red.
“Oh. I’m sorry. I just saw a woman leave so I thought it was empty.”
She’s not what I’d consider my type at all, but I can’t stop staring at her. She’s about five three without heels, I think. She has blonde hair twisted into some complicated style and eyes so light blue, they’re almost gray. She also has a cute little mouth and sculpted cheeks that would make any model envious. Her black dress has an off the shoulder neckline, and goes to her knees, with some netting thing that goes even lower. She’s definitely got curves, but she’s not advertising her wares. I think she may be the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen, and it takes me a moment to catch my breath and speak.
“She was done being useful. I can be ready to go again in twenty minutes max, so you’re welcome to close the door and wait around.”
“I—wait, what? You think I’m here to-to have sex with you?”
“We could do that or you could just get on your knees.”
She looks shocked and then it’s quickly replaced by anger. She slaps me hard before I even see it coming. “You’re disgusting.”
I laugh as she turns and storms away on her tall heels, slamming the door behind her. I can’t remember the last time a woman turned me down, much less hit me. It was actually pretty hot, even though I’m sure she didn’t intend for it to be. I need to find out more about her. That’s not going to happen while I’m in here, so I head back to the party determined to find her and get her to go on a date with me.
Yes, a date. It’s been years since I’ve been on one that isn’t for publicity. Having a supermodel on my arm has done wonders for my endorsement deals, but it was all fake. I want to take this girl out, though. Not someplace flashy or expensive. I want her to see the real me and go to the places I usually go to alone. I don’t understand why I’m feeling this way.
I walk out into the big room where most of the party is gathered and immediately see her. Fuck me. Or not. She’s talking to Mr. Squeaky Clean, aka Kevin Donaldson, the team quarterback. I guess it makes sense since she’s dressed conservatively for this crowd and slapped me. But I don’t like it. I want to storm over there and claim her for my own. I don’t know what’s going on. I haven’t been jealous over a woman in years. I mean, I haven’t even talked to her. All I know is I want her and if that means pissing off my quarterback to get her, so be it.
I walk over and stand behind her. Kevin gives me a curious look, but I don’t give two fucks. “Who’s your friend, Donaldson?”
She turns at the sound of my voice and glares at me. Kevin looks like he doesn’t want to answer, but he’s too nice a guy not to. “This is Ainsley. Her mom is friends with Lindsey. Ainsley, this is one of the guys who supports me on the field. His name is Zack.”
I hold out my hand and although she hesitates, Ainsley takes it. She has small hands, but a firm handshake. I hold on a little too long and she narrows her eyes before pulling her hand away. I smirk at her. I may be making her nervous, but at least it’s something. She’s feeling something for me. It’s a start.
Kevin can see it, and he’s not liking it at all. He tries to steer the conversation back to him. “I can explain to you what he does. I know this can all be a bit confusing.”
“He’s a running back. He rushed for over 800 yards last year and was picked up on a trade deal for the Legions. He was a Heisman finalist in college and is considered one of the best on the field.”
Well, well, well. Very interesting. “So, you’re a fan, huh, Ains?”
“My name is Ainsley, and I just happen to love football.”
“Are you sure it’s not just me?”
She looks at me and then proceeds to spout off facts about the entire team. She also analyzes our play from the special exhibition game we played and points out where we did great and where we could have done better. The entire room has gone quiet and everyone is listening to her. She’s pretty spot on with her observations. It is, without a doubt, the hottest thing I’ve ever seen in my life. If I didn’t already want her, I sure as hell would now.
Jack Rivers walks over with his wife Lindsey. She looks a little freaked out. “You didn’t tell me Ainsley was a football expert, honey.”
“I didn’t realize she knew so much.”
It’s Ainsley’s turn to look a little freaked out. “I-I didn’t realize it was such a big deal.”
“You just analyzed an entire game in a few minutes and pointed out—accurately, I might add—what each player needs to do to help us win. That’s a very big deal.”
“Oh. I just noticed a few things.” She’s chewing her bottom lip and my pants are getting tighter every second. Thank God I’m wearing a suit. This jacket is the only thing saving me from being completely embarrassed right now. Wait…did I just say I was embarrassed by my erection? What the fuck is happening to me?
“A few very important things. Lindsey said you needed a job, and I’d like to hire you.”
“Really?” Now she looks excited. I should walk away before my cock breaks through my pants, but I can’t.
“Yes. I could use an extra set of eyes to look at the team. It would be a special position, and you’d report directly to me. Just go to practices and games and tell me what you think. Combined with what the coaches and I see, we can work on what we need to improve.”
“I’d love to do that. Thank you.”
“Great. You can start on Monday. Be at the field at eight.” Jack nods at me and Kevin, and then walks away. I see Ainsley mouth “I’m sorry” to Lindsey, who just shakes her head. Interesting.
“Well, this should be fun. I can’t wait to be analyzed by you. We can have a private session if you think I need the extra work.”
“Are you really always this much of an ass or is it just for my benefit?”
“He’s always this way. Leave my girl alone, Zack.”
“Your girl?’
“Yeah, she’s mine,” he says as he wraps his arm around her. I’m seeing red and want nothing more than to punch his clean cut ass.
She untangles herself before I lose my shit. “I’m not your girl, Kevin. I just said I’d go out with you tomorrow. One date doesn’t make me yours.”
It would make her mine. I know it. I’ve already scared her enough today, though, so I keep my mouth shut for once. Kevin doesn’t do the same, the dumb bastard.
“I’m the quarterback, Ainsley. All the girls want me and I don’t give many the pleasure of my time. Unlike some other people, I’m selective in who I choose to spend my time with. You’re pretty and I think we’d have fun. I’d also be very respectful and not expect anything from you tomorrow.”
“I appreciate the respect, Kevin, but if you’re implying that I’m lucky to be going out with you, well, I think I’ll have to pass. I think of myself high enough to know a guy would be equally lucky to date me. I want someone who sees that and understands neither of us is more important than the other. Sorry to waste your time. I’ll see you both on Monday morning.”
Ainsley walks away from us as Kevin’s jaw drops. I laugh and clap him on the back as I walk away, too. I spend the rest of the party watching her talk to the coaches and other players, while ignoring the advances of the other women at the party. No one else comes even close to interesting me at this point. I need to go out with her. I see my chance to talk to her again when she’s leaving the party. I practically run out the door after her.
“Ains! Wait up.”
“I told you my name’s not-.”
I kiss her before she can continue. It’s a sweet kiss. For me, at least. Until she moans and grabs the back of my head. That’s when I lick her lips until she opens them and take control of her tongue. Her hands are clutching my biceps and mine are messing up that pretty hairdo.
She kisses me back and I let her take control for a minute. I’m not a total Neanderthal. That, and I want to see what she’ll do. I almost come on the spot as she twists her tongue around mine and sucks hard. I’m the one moaning now. That seems to startle her and she pulls away. I follow her with my mouth and get in a couple more small kisses before she steps back.
“You-you can’t just go around kissing people.”
“I don’t.”
“Yeah right.”
She turns to walk away and I catch her arm. “I fuck girls and let them suck me off, but I rarely kiss a girl. Not unless it’s a deal breaker for the rest, and even then I usually just walk away and find someone else.”
“You’re such a prince.”
“No. I’m not. I’m an asshole to most women. I don’t know why, since we’ve just met and haven’t even really talked, but I want more with you. I wanted to kiss you. I honestly can’t remember when the last time this happened. I also want to take you on a date. It’s been years for that.”
“I’m not just going to go to your place and have sex.”
“I know.”
“What kind of date?”
“Whatever you want.”
“Anything?”
“Yes.” I’m probably going to regret it, but I mean what I’m saying. I’ll go anywhere with her and do anything she wants.
“Well, then my answer is no.”
“Gre—what?”
“A leopard doesn’t so easily change his spots. You had some woman in the bathroom a couple hours ago and now you want to take me on a date?”
“Yeah. I do.”
“Then prove it to me.”
“How?”
“You’re a smart guy. You’ll figure it out. And maybe if you do, I’ll say yes next time.”
She walks away and I swear there’s an extra swing to her hips that wasn’t there earlier. I chuckle to myself. I may have just met my match and I’m not sure I’m up to the challenge. I want to be, though, so I’ll figure this out and do what I have to in order to get that date.
Chapter 3
Ainsley
Lindsey was obviously not happy about my football show at the party, but Jane calmed her down. Things actually did work out better this way. Now I have access to everything at the stadium, not just the parties and social events. It’s Monday morning and I can’t wait to look around.
Who am I kidding? While I want to get my job done, both of my jobs actually, I really want to see Zack. That kiss was just…well it wasn’t boring, that’s for sure. It felt like he set me on fire and I’ve been dreaming of him all weekend. While sleeping and while awake. My friends teased me about it at brunch on Sunday, but I don’t care. I hope he got the message and will stop with the other women so I can go on a date with him. I’m not holding my breath, though. I’m nothing, if not a realist.
Today is an open practice so the parking lot at the stadium is pretty full. I pull around to the player and staff entrance where I show my ID and am let through. I park and then enter the back of the stadium after receiving a temporary badge from the guard at the door. I need to stop into the offices after practice to fill out paperwork and get my real badge.
As I walk out onto the field, I look around. I see a bunch of women with signs proclaiming their love for Zack, Kevin, and a few other players. But it’s not just women crowding the stadium, guys wearing team t-shirts and jerseys are sitting anxiously to support the team. I see a couple guys who look out of place, though. I’ll have to try and keep an eye on them while watching the game. I decide the best way to do that is watch from behind the end zone. I tell the coaches I want a different angle from them and then put on my sunglasses as the players take the field.
The practice goes pretty well. I see a few things for the guys to work on, but I’m sure the coaches see them too. I alternate my attention from the players to the stands. And Zack. He’s never off my radar; although, I do my best to block him out while trying to pay attention to everything else. The guys in the stands don’t do anything out of the ordinary, so I rule them out for now.
It’s a good thing I have my sunglasses on when Zack takes off his helmet and jersey. Holy hot body. A man that good looking should be illegal. It’s the real show time now. At least, where he and I are concerned. I watch him walk to the stands with some of the other players and hope that he’ll hold back with the women.
I should’ve known better. I do know better. He’s immediately in “Zack” mode. Signing breasts, letting the women kiss his cheek while he puts his arm around them and still cupping a breast with his other hand. I know he has to be friendly, but most of the other guys aren’t going as far as he is. He obviously enjoys both the attention and the groping that comes with it. I knew that. I did. I was just stupid enough to believe I’d be different. I shake my head and walk to the tunnel. I still need to talk to Jack and fill out my paperwork.
“What’s the rush?”
I didn’t hear Zack come into the tunnel after me. I don’t turn around as I answer him. “I have to talk to Jack and do my employment paperwork.”
“Do I get a hint about how I did today?” He’s trying to flirt with me now? This guy’s definitely a piece of work.
“Didn’t the women in the stands tell you already, or were they more interested in the results of the breast exams you gave them?” Dammit. I didn’t want to say that, especially not in the hurt tone I know it came out in.
“Ainsley.” He reaches out to grab my arm and stop me. I don’t turn, so he moves around me and lifts my face and caressing my cheek. “I have to be friendly to those women. They’re fans. Don’t be jealous.”
“You didn’t have to be that friendly. And I’m not jealous. I’m disappointed.” I pull away and start walking again. “You’ve got lipstick all over your face, by the way. You might want to wash that off.”
I hear a crash and turn to see his helmet on the ground by the wall. He’s standing there in the middle of the tunnel with his jersey still off and his muscles glistening with sweat. His jaw is locked as he looks at me with eyes blazing. “This isn’t over.”
“It never even began,” I tell him as I turn and practically run down the hall.
I find Jack’s office and go over what I noticed with him. He does a lot of nodding and tells me he saw most of it, but I also gave him a couple of new insights. He walks me over to Human Resources asking a few more questions about myself.
“Did you go to college?”
“Yes. I went to school in Chicago.”
“What was your major?”
“Computer programming.”
“Really? I would have expected sports medicine or something that would lead you to coaching. You’re a natural at football, at least.”
“I love football and other sports, but computers are my true love.”
“Now that’s a shame. You need to find a nice guy to be your true love, my dear.”
“There’s no one who’s interested me enough to replace my computers, I’m afraid.”
“Even Zack?”
“Zack?”
“I saw the way he was looking at you during the party and the way you looked at him. The two of you couldn’t keep your eyes off each other. He’s a great man, despite the image he projects. I think the two of you would make a great couple.”
“I don’t think Zack Taylor’s interested in being part of any couple, Jack. Besides, isn’t there a rule about staff and players dating?”
“There is a rule for regular staff. But, you’re working for me directly, so I can make or break any rules I want. Like I said, Zack’s more than his image. If he asks you out, I think you should consider it.”
“I’ll consider it,” I tell him honestly.
Considering it is something I can do. Actually going out with him, is not. Not after what I’ve seen so far. I’m not very experienced, but even I know it’s not a good idea to get with a guy who can’t keep it in his pants. Or say no to a fan asking to kiss and grope him.
I put all thoughts of Zack away in the back of my mind as I fill out my paperwork. I pay attention to the desktop computers they’re using in the offices and manage to slide a small listening device under the desk. It’s so small that no one would notice it. James Bond has nothing on us. Who needs Q when you’ve got Scott Griffin and me?
After I do the paperwork, I head to the locker room to talk with the coaches. I hear a commotion and run down the hall. When I peek in the door, I see Kevin on the ground, twitching. The team doctors are surrounding him already, so I take the time to see what happened. His locker is open and everyone is moved away from it as sparks are still coming off it. I carefully step around the pool of water on the floor and try to take a closer look.
Try is the operative word as I’m physically moved back. I fight against Zack, because I know it’s him, but he’s so much stronger and bigger than me. When he sets me down, I spin around to face him. “Don’t ever do that again. I’m not some toy you can just cart around.”
“I just saved you and you’re yelling at me? Un-fucking-believable. I just can’t win with you.”
“I didn’t need saving. I’m not an idiot. I am a computer nerd, which means I know something about electricity, too. I wanted to look at that.” I sigh before continuing. “But thank you for your concern. I appreciate it.”
I walk away from him before he can respond and start looking at the locker and wiring. I make sure not to touch anything. Not because I’m afraid of getting shocked. I could disable it easily, but the police will need to see it. It’s a fairly simple rig with some stripped wires connected to a small car battery placed in the bottom of the locker. I take some pics with my purse camera to send to Reina.
The pool of water looks undisturbed, which is odd. When I look over at Kevin, I can see that there’s no water dripping off his feet. That’s also strange. I can’t imagine he’d miss the puddle. Could he have done this to himself? I checked him out, though, and found no reason for him to want the team to fail. He has a good contract and is starting quarterback. I’m going to keep a closer eye on him. Maybe I shouldn’t have backed out of our date. I’ll figure something out.
I know Zack was watching me as I looked over everything. I could feel his eyes on me. I hope I didn’t give too much away to him or anyone else. I had to look at the locker, though. Especially since there’s no way Kevin’s working alone if he is in on this. He was on the field and I think someone would have noticed something if there was this puddle and rigging before practice. I need to go over the files again. I think I’ll ask Tegan to look over them, too. She’s our research and documents expert. I’m hoping she’ll see something I missed. Until then, I’ll have to keep a close watch on everyone.
I wait with everyone until the ambulance comes and then head out to my car. “Wait up, Ains.”
“Will you please stop calling me that?” I don’t really mean it. I like that he’s nicknamed me. I like it a lot. That’s the problem.
“If it really bothers you that much, I will.” I look up into his eyes and I see that he means it.
“No. It’s fine. I’m just being bitchy.”
He smiles at me. A full on smile that lights up his eyes and makes me want to beg him to have my children. I’ve never seen this smile from him, so he must save it for when he wants to undo someone. Probably women. That snaps me out of the fog I was in.
“You should harness that smile. I’m not dropping to my knees for you.”
“I wasn’t going to ask you to. And I didn’t realize I was smiling any differently. If I did, it’s because of you. You make me want to smile, even when you’re being ‘bitchy.’”
“Does that line work for you, Zack?”
He frowns and steps back. “That wasn’t a line. I was being sincere, but I guess it’s just a lost cause with you, huh? You just want to think of me as some idiot man-whore and not try to get to know the real me. Just like everyone else.”
God, I am being a bitch. “I’m sorry, Zack. I’m just not used to anyone paying attention to me. And I never said you were an idiot. But from what I’ve witnessed, yes, I would say you’re a man-whore. I’ll be on the lookout for the ‘real’ you when you decide to let him show. I can only go by what I see and hear, you know.”
He runs a hand through his still damp hair. “I do know. I thought I was doing okay today. I didn’t even think when I was with those women. I’m so used to behaving that way. I just do it on autopilot. I can’t change overnight, but I’ll try to do better and think before I act. I’m not gonna lie. It’s been a long time since I’ve thought about someone else when I act. I know you’ll call me out if I mess up, though.”
“I will,” I tell him. I want him to win me over, but I won’t settle for less than I deserve. The next words I say are out before I have a chance to think. “Do you want to get lunch?”
His eyes nearly pop out of his head. “Really?”
“Just lunch. As friends.”
“I can do friends for now. And yes, I’d love to go to lunch with you.”
“Great.” I almost suggest something, but then remember that I’m not supposed to be from here. “Is there someplace you like to go here in town?”
“Umm, yeah. I have a few places I really like. They’re not fancy, though.”
“I’m not fancy, Zack.”
He looks at my clothes skeptically. Shit! I forgot I was in designer jeans, a cute top and way too expensive flats. I decide to give him a little nugget of truth since he’s been so open with me today.
“My friend put together a wardrobe for me before I got here. Normally I’d be in a baggy t-shirt, old jeans, and Chucks with my hair in a messy bun and my glasses on. She thought I needed to look more glamorous if I was hanging with the team and the Rivers family.”
That big smile is back and I’m melting in more than one place now. “I’d love to see you in one of my t-shirts along with your Chucks and glasses. The jeans would be optional.”
I roll my eyes and swat him on the arm. “Just tell me where to go, Casanova.”
Before he can answer, someone calls his name. We both turn as a man runs up to us. “I’m glad I caught you. I wanted to talk with you.”
“I’m busy, Dex.”
“I came all this way, and you’re going off with some chick who got herself on the sidelines?”
“You didn’t tell me you were coming, and my friend Ainsley works for the team. But yes, I’m going to lunch with her. Next time, tell me you’re coming.”
Zack turns back to me and says the name of a local diner chain I like. I tell him I’ll find it and then pull out before he can say another word. I need to get away from him for a few minutes. Being in his orbit and having all his attention on me is more than a little unnerving. I was honestly a little happy to see that guy, who I now recognize as his agent, because it gave me a chance to cool down.
Chapter 4
Zack
Ainsley is one cool chick. I was already attracted to her, but I’ve come to really like her as a person. We’ve had lunch together every day after practice these past two weeks. We’ve talked about our families and friends and everything else we could think of. She’s also helped me with my play, which has been great since it looks like Kevin will be out for at least another week. I had to step up my game in order to help make up for our starting quarterback not being able to play. Everyone’s rallying, though, so I think we’ll be fine this weekend. We’re having lunch near the airport today since our flight for this weekend’s pre-season away game leaves in a few hours.
“So, Ains, you’ve told me all about your family and friends. I want to know about you today. Tell me all your secrets.”
“I’m not going to tell you all my secrets, but you may be able to pry one or two out of me,” she tells me with a smile.
I rub my hands together and give her a devilish smile back. “Let’s start with your first boyfriend. Who was the boy that won your heart?”
She loses her smile and looks down at her plate. “Ask me something else, please.”
I reach out and tilt her chin back up to look at me. “Do I need to find some bastard and kick his ass for hurting my good friend all those years ago?”
I’m trying to lighten her mood, but it doesn’t work. She just closes her eyes and shakes her head. A tear leaks out of one eye, making me jump up from my side of the booth to join her on her side. I scoot her in so I can sit next to her.
“I didn’t mean to upset you. I’m so sorry. I didn’t realize you had such a bad experience.”
She laughs a bitter laugh. “I’ve had no experience.”
“Huh?”
“I’ve never had a first boyfriend. Or any boyfriend. Guys have never really thought of me in a romantic way.” She tries to push me out of the booth so she can escape, but I pull her to me and hold her tight, rubbing her back.
“My gender is definitely stupid at times. I would’ve been all over you as a teen.”
She pulls back a little to look at me. “You would’ve wanted to date the girl who could beat you at almost any sport and didn’t know how to put on make-up or do her hair? Or the college student who was a huge computer nerd?”
“Yeah. I’m pretty sure I would have. Because you’d have seen me. Not the football star, but me. At least I think you would’ve.”
“I see you now,” she tells me. “At first, yeah, I saw the football god. But, every day, I see a new part of you. You’re peeling back your layers for me.”
“I am. It’s the scariest fucking thing I’ve ever done in my life, but I’m doing it.”
“Thank you.”
“No, thank you. For making me brave.” I take a deep breath and decide to just lay it all out for her. “You said you’ve never had a boyfriend. Well, I’ve never had a real girlfriend. I’ve had girls who want to be seen and fucked by Zack Taylor, but never anyone who just wanted Zack, the guy. I’m just a commodity to most people and so one day I decided to become the happy go lucky, fuck anything that moves kind of guy who didn’t care what anyone thought.”
“But you do care what everyone thinks. At least when you’re playing. I see it. You absorb everything we all say to you and do your best to change or fix whatever you need to.”
“You see that?”
“Yes.”
“I don’t want to be that guy anymore. The one who sleeps around and pretends not to care. I’m trying not to be. I haven’t touched a woman since we met, Ains. It’s only you for me. I want to be your equal.”
She looks shocked. Since we only see each other during the day, I’m guessing she thought I was up to my old ways at night. I didn’t call her or anything because I was trying not to push. I thought I’d been showing how into her I am. I guess I’m not doing it right.
“I-I didn’t know. I mean we’re friends, but we only see each other for lunch.”
“I was trying not to push. I guess I should’ve called you at night or something.”
“I would’ve liked that, but I appreciate you showing me respect by trying not to push and not being with other women. I’ve seen you be not so friendly with the fans, too. Are you doing okay? I mean…with…you know…not having …umm…sex?”
I can’t help but laugh a little. “My hand’s getting a good workout, but I’m okay. And like I said, I’m trying to do a better job of being a guy you want to be with. Can I call you tonight?”
“Yes, please.” And then she does something I’m not expecting. She wraps her arms around my neck and pulls me to her. She brushes her lips across mine and hugs me close. “You’re already the guy I want, Zack.”
I want to kiss her again, but my phone alarm goes off telling me it’s time for us to drive to the airport. I pay the check and we get in our separate cars. We both park in long term parking and head to the private terminal for our flight. We’re the last ones to arrive and conversation stops as everyone sees us walk up together, especially because I’m carrying her bag. I don’t know why, but having them know we’re kind of together freaks me out. A lot. I want us to be private. Just her and I, no one else to interfere.
I purposely drop her bag and walk ahead of her to everyone. “Look who I found in the parking lot. She couldn’t carry her bag, which means she over packed.”
It’s a lie. Her bag weighs practically nothing. I don’t turn to look at her because I know what I’ll see. I’ve just lost all the progress I made in one fell swoop. I feel guilty, but at the same time relieved. I’ll explain it to her later.
“Thanks. What would I possibly have done without the great Zack Taylor to save me from my carry on?”
I suck in a breath at her words. She has to know what her talking about me like that would do to me. I told her about my fears and she just threw them in my face. Fuck being a good guy. I’m getting laid tonight.
We get on the plane and I sit in back with the guys while Ainsley sits with Lindsey Rivers, a little bit away from everyone else. They have their heads together and seem to be talking about something serious. They glance at the staff every once in a while, but never back at me. I don’t have time to dwell on them, though.
With Donaldson out of this game and maybe the next one, it’s up to me to rally the troops. The backup quarterback has done really well in practice and I’ve just got to hope he carries it over into this game. I decide to invite him out with me tonight. We probably both need to get laid.
We have to split into separate elevators when we get to the hotel and thankfully, Ainsley’s not on mine. My stomach drops when I get off the elevator and see she’s not only on my floor, but she’s next door to me. Her words from earlier are still ringing in my ears, so I choose to be a bastard. “I hope you brought earplugs. I’m planning on making someone scream tonight.”
“Leopard. Spots,” she tells me with a glare as she opens her door.
“Bitch.”
“Man-whore.”
She walks inside and slams the door behind her. Oh yeah, it’s on. I’m going to bring someone back here no matter what. I trusted her and she fucked me over. Now, she gets to hear what she helped bring back to life.
* * *
Ainsley
I can’t believe I kissed him. I kissed that lying bastard and now he’s out looking for someone to bring back to his room and fuck. Unlucky in love doesn’t even come close to describing me. At least now I can focus on the investigation and not be distracted by over six feet of pure hot male.
A few hours later, I have all my evidence spread out over my bed and I’ve actually got a couple people I think I should take a second look at. I’m on the phone with Tegan, going over what she found when my stomach growls. “Was that your stomach, Ainsley?”
“Umm, yeah.”
“Go eat. We can talk some more tomorrow. I think you’re on the right track with Donaldson and a staff member.”
“Thanks, Tegan.”
I hang up and call room service. I put everything away and watch some reality TV while I wait. A little while later, I hear loud laughter and then the door in Zack’s room slams shut. Time for the real show, I guess. There’s a knock at the door and my hunger overcomes common sense—and all of my training—as I just blindly open the door.
I’m immediately slammed backwards into my room. A hand’s clamped over my mouth, but I manage to flip the assailant over me and then I scream. He—I know it’s a he from when I was pressed against him—lunges for me again as the connecting door between my room and Zack’s splinters open. The guy sees Zack barreling through and runs out the door.
I chase after him and have just reached the stairwell door when I’m pulled back. “Do you have a fucking death wish?”
I can’t break my cover, so I turn to Zack and notice he’s only in his underwear. “Sorry to interrupt your date. I’m sure you can still make her scream.”
He lets out a string of curses and follows me down the hall. I walk into my room and call security who tells me they’ll call the police. I’m not trying to eavesdrop, but there is a hole where the door was, so I can hear Zack trying to placate the woman he brought to his room.
“We can still have fun, Zack.”
“I’m just not into it tonight. Sorry. I can have a cab called for you.”
“That’s okay. I’d like you to call me tomorrow night, though.”
“Maybe.”
“I’ll be waiting.”
I hear his door close and then he walks into my room. He put on jeans, but he’s still shirtless. “Are you okay, Ains?”
“I’m fine. You didn’t need to send her away. I’m sure they’ll get me a new room or you could have just closed the door on your side. You wanted me to hear the two of you, and now you’ve missed your chance.” I can’t keep the hurt out of my voice.
Zack sighs and then sits on my bed, running his hands through his hair. “I told you things I’ve only ever told my sister, and you threw it in my face at the airport. That hurt me and I wanted to hurt you back.”
I know he’s right, but I’m not interested in being the bigger person right now so I lash out as well. “Only after you treated me like I was nothing to you.”
“I just didn’t want everyone to know about us. I don’t even know what us is and I didn’t want the guys talking about you until we figured out what we wanted to be.”
“I could handle the guys talking about me. I wouldn’t care.”
“But you know I would.”
“You could’ve just said we met in the parking lot. You didn’t need to insult me.”
“I panicked.”
“And I reacted badly because you hurt me. I’m sorry for that.”
“I’m sorry, too. Can we go back to where we were at the diner?”
I want to tell him yes, but I can’t. “No. I may have been mean, but I didn’t bring a guy to my room and try to throw it in your face. You went too far.”
“I didn’t want her. At all. I was trying to make you jealous and hurt you.”
“Well, you succeeded. And why did your clothes end up off if you weren’t going to have sex with her?”
He hangs his head. “I took my clothes off and then told her to take hers off while I opened my side of the connecting doors. I was planning to try to get you to open your side and see us, but then you screamed.”
“Di-did you touch her. Never mind. That’s a stupid question. Of course you touched her.”
“No, I didn’t. She touched my arm in the bar, but then I told her it would be sexier if we didn’t touch each other until we were in bed. She was willing to go along with whatever I wanted. They all are.” I hear the bitterness and also some hurt in his voice.
“Except for me.”
He laughs before responding. “Yeah. You almost never do what I want.”
“Maybe that’s why you like me. If I start doing what you want, you’ll get bored and move on.”
“I wasn’t bored when you kissed and hugged me at the diner. And I wanted those things very much.”
“That? I wasn’t even being sexy.”
“News flash, Ains. You’re always sexy to me. Always.” He walks over and kisses me sweetly.
“Fine. You’ve worn me down. Again. I’ll go out with you tomorrow if you want.”
“Oh, I want. But I can’t. I have plans tomorrow.”
“All day?”
“After practice, yeah.”
Well, isn’t that just lovely. I give him another chance and he’s got a date already. “Well, enjoy your date.”
“It’s not a date.”
“That’s even better.”
“Seriously, it’s not a date. And I’m not hooking up with some chick. I know I’ve given you no reason to trust me, but I’m asking you to. I could tell you where I’m going, but it would mean a lot to me if you could just believe that I don’t want anyone but you. Can you do that? Please?”
I look into his eyes and see that he’s sincere. And that he needs this. He needs me to trust him. I put aside my fears and nod. “Okay. Tomorrow’s out, but it’s not because of another woman. I am trusting you, Zack. Please don’t let me down.”
Before he can say anything else, there’s a knock at the door. I open it to find security and the police. I spend the next couple of hours going over what happened with them and then letting them try to collect evidence. The guy was wearing gloves and this is a hotel room, so they don’t find anything they can use. I tell the hotel that I’m fine staying in this room. I don’t think he’ll be back.
Zack tries to talk to me some more, but I tell him I need to rest and ask him to close the door on his side. I can tell he doesn’t want to, but he does what I ask. I climb into bed with a million questions on my mind. I text Reina and tell her I can’t really talk with the thin door being the only thing between me and Zack. She tells me to call tomorrow when I’m alone. I fall into a deep sleep and dream of Zack and how good he looked in his boxer briefs.
Chapter 5
Zack
I’m trying not to screw up anymore with Ainsley. The cops interrupted us last night, but I brought her breakfast before practice this morning. We kissed, but that’s as far as it went. I didn’t want to stop, but we wouldn’t have made it to practice—or the game tomorrow—if we’d gone any further
I can tell that me being secretive is bothering her, but she’s doing her best to hide it and act normal. I could change my plans for today, but I honestly don’t want to. I shouldn’t have to. Ainsley’s not even my girlfriend and I’m already twisted up about her. No wonder I’ve never done relationships before. I know she’s worth it, though. I want to be with her more than I want to win tomorrow, which is pretty telling.
Practice ends and I shower before finding a quiet corner to kiss my girl in. I break away sooner than I’d like and head out to meet Sierra. We have a great day, although she makes me go to some museums with her. That’s not really my thing, but I’d do anything for her. I actually enjoy seeing some of the paintings and sculptures. I end up buying something for Ainsley in one of the gift shops. It just reminded me of her and I know she’s going to love it. Of course that led to some questions from Sierra, but I didn’t really care.
We walk in the door of a restaurant she said she’s been wanting to try and are met with a full waiting area. I muscle us through the throng and give my name to the hostess. I probably could’ve gotten us a table faster, but I try not to do that. Today, especially, I just want to be me.
“Thanks again for spending the whole day with me, Zack. I know how busy you are with the game tomorrow.”
“I’d do anything for you. You know that. You’ll be there tomorrow, right?”
“Of course. I’d never miss the chance to see my favorite player in a live game.”
“Thanks. It means a lot. There’s no one else I’d rather have there.” I lean over and kiss her on the cheek and then hug her tight. I look up and see Ainsley standing behind us with tears in her eyes. She’s dressed down and is wearing glasses, but she’s still got my cock twitching as I look at her. “Ains? Are you okay?”
Sierra pushes me away and turns to see where I’m looking. “You’re Ainsley? My brother hasn’t stopped talking about you all day.”
“Not all day. I also talked to you about your life and football,” I remind her as I walk past her to see why Ainsley’s crying. “What’s wrong? Are you thinking about last night?”
She shakes her head and then looks down. “I-I thought you two were…well…I didn’t know she was your sister.”
It hits me like a freight train. How we would’ve looked to someone who didn’t know our relationship. Yeah. Not so good. Especially after I asked her to trust that I wasn’t going out with some other woman. I lean down to whisper in her ear. “I should’ve told you who I’d be with, but I wanted to have your trust. I didn’t mean to hurt you.”
She’s not going for it. I can still see the hurt in her eyes as she sniffles away the last of her tears. “I’m going to go now and let the two of you enjoy your dinner.”
“You could join us. I’d love to get to know you,” Sierra tells her.
“I don’t want to intrude on your time together.”
I pull her chin up to make her look at me. “You wouldn’t be. Please join us.” I mean what I’m saying even though I’m a little freaked out. I’ve never been out with my sister and another girl before. She’s met a couple of the ones I went home with while at the games, but there’s never been anyone who was more than that to me.
“Umm, you don’t look so sure,” Ainsley tells me as she looks up into my eyes. I thought I was hiding it better, but I guess I can’t really hide from her.
My sister answers before I can. “We are.” I nod my agreement.
I change the table size with the hostess and tell her Ainsley doesn’t need her table anymore. Now that things have slowed down a little for her, she recognizes me and we’re led to a table within minutes. She tries to hand me her number, but I decline. The girls each sit on opposite sides of the booth, and I immediately slide in next to Ainsley.
“You don’t want to sit next to your sister?”
“Nope. She has cooties.”
“Jackass.”
I shrug and pick up the menu, trying to focus on ordering. My thigh is pressed up against Ainsley’s in the booth and the contact is making it hard for me to concentrate. She squirms a little and I know she’s affected, too. I just need to figure out why she’s still upset—because I can tell she is—and then maybe she’ll let me kiss her again.
We’re all ready to order when the waiter comes back and then Ainsley asks to get out of the booth so she can use the restroom. I let her out and then watch her go with a frown on my face. “Fuck. I just keep screwing things up with her.”
“It’s not all on you. I mean, I’m not gonna lie or sugarcoat for you. She should definitely be gun shy with your previous behavior, but she needs to give you a chance.”
“I told you about last night.”
“That was one of the dumbest things you’ve ever done. I’ll give you that. If she really wants to be with you, she’ll give you another chance to prove you’ve changed and that you were just acting out.”
“Acting out? What am I, five?”
“You really do act like it sometimes.”
“Thanks.”
“Any time, big brother.”
I laugh with her and we joke around until Ainsley comes back. She still looks subdued, giving a small smile and thank you when I let her back into the booth. She sips her water and looks around everywhere but at me. My sister lets it go on for a few minutes, but she is my sister after all, and she’s not having it.
“You’re really that upset about my brother saying what he did, Ainsley?”
“Wh-what?”
“This is because he told me how excited he is that I’m going to the game tomorrow, isn’t it?”
She looks my sister in the eye and then nods. “I have to be there for work, but I thought maybe he was happy I’d be there for him, too. I don’t have to be the one he wants there more than anyone else, but I’d like to be wanted.” She turns and looks at me, then. “I don’t expect you to tell me now, just because you know I want you to. That wouldn’t mean anything. I just hope it means something to you that I will be.”
Holy fucking hell. We’ve only had one game since we started hanging out, but I didn’t realize that I’ve never said anything to her about how it made me feel to know she was there. That she was cheering for me. And not because she was hoping to get me to go on a date or to bed with her. She could have those things whenever she wants. No, she was there for me and I’ve never let her know how much that means.
I reach over and take her hand. “It’s everything to me that you’re going to be there, Ains. Everything. I know you’ll be analyzing my play for the team and will help me do better. But I also know you’re there for me. The real me and not the image. Last week when I saw you jumping up and down after my touchdown, I felt like the biggest, most important guy in the world. Because I knew it was just your friend Zack you were cheering for. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you that.”
“Friend? You two are so much more than friends. I’m about to combust over here just from the heat you’re generating. And you’re only holding hands.”
“We are friends, Sierra. We…I…I mean…we just hang out.”
“Oh, I’ve heard. Believe me. I know all about these past two weeks. Let me tell you something, though. My brother has never hung out with a woman before. Going to lunch every day is not part of his agenda when it comes to women.” She turns to me as I frown. “Don’t act hurt. Everyone at this table knows what you’ve been like. I’m just trying to get her to see how different you are with her and how much that should mean to her.”
“It does mean a lot that you’re willing to take things slow for me. But yesterday, it was bad, Zack. I’m not even going to pretend it wasn’t. You were embarrassed to be seen with me at the airport and then you brought a woman to your room. Whether you were going to really do anything or not isn’t really important. Just that you brought here there and took off your clothes. I spent most of the day reminding myself that you said you wanted only me, and telling myself to believe it, but I can’t just forget what happened.”
“I wasn’t embarrassed. I’d never be embarrassed of you. Ever. The woman last night was really bad, I know it and I own that mistake. Nothing was going to happen with her. I swear it. I just wanted to hurt you because I was hurt by what you said at McCarran.”
“I own that I hurt you. What I said at the airport was horrible. I shouldn’t have reacted that way. I believe you when you say nothing would’ve happened with that woman. It was just a lot to take in, especially coupled with someone trying to attack me.”
“So what I’m hearing is that you both behaved badly—although my brother gets the award for biggest asshole—and seem to be sorry about it.” We both nod. “Now you need to decide if you can get past that and go fuck like bunnies all night.”
“Sierra!”
“I’m not a kid, Zack. I don’t sleep around like you have, but I’ve had my fair share of fun.”
“I could use some fun.” All the blood just rushed to my cock and when I turn and see Ainsley biting her bottom lip after saying that, I can’t stop myself from leaning over and kissing her. I don’t take it too far since I still have enough functioning brain cells to remember that we’re in a restaurant. With my sister.
“We can have fun later,” I whisper to her when I pull back.
“Okay.” She smiles shyly and then looks at my sister. “I’m sorry that we’ve been neglecting you and your life while you tried to help us with our problems.”
“No worries. I just want to see my brother happy. I’d hoped it would be here, but Las Vegas seems to be working out for him.”
“Here?”
“Yeah. It was a secret, but I was supposed to be traded here before Jack offered my former team a better deal. I would’ve been able to keep an eye on my apparently wild sister. I’d bought a house already. I was really angry about it, but now things seem to be turning around.”
“Oh. I didn’t know.” She has a weird look on her face.
“No one did. It was really kept quiet and then, well, it didn’t happen. Like I said, I’m happy now, though. Very happy. The team is great and you, well, you make it all even better.”
The rest of dinner goes smoothly; although, I still feel like something’s a little off. Ainsley and I eat off each other’s plates like we started doing for lunch a few days ago. I like it. I like her. I don’t know where this is going, but I feel happier than I’ve felt in a really long time.
* * *
Ainsley
I’m freaking out a little. Okay, a lot. Zack has a motive for sabotaging the team. He’s so close to his sister and he was going to be living near her until Jack Rivers dashed those plans. I don’t want to believe that he’s involved, but I can’t ignore what I just found out. I’ve got a job to do and my emotions can’t interfere with doing it.
We’re on our way back to the hotel. Sierra insisted on driving us both back. I’m texting Reina from the backseat while they talk up front.
Me: I have a problem.
Reina: What’s wrong?
Me: Zack Taylor was supposed to be traded here and had bought a house already. His sister, who he’s really close to, lives here. Jack made a better offer and he went to Vegas instead.
Reina: Well, shit. Now we have another suspect. How’d you find out?
Me: I had dinner with Zack and his sister, Sierra.
It takes her a couple minutes to respond. I know Reina and so I know she’s trying to figure out how to ask me why I was at dinner with them. I’ll have to answer honestly.
Reina: Spill.
Me: I like him. A lot. We’ve been having lunch together almost every day.
Reina: Like as in you want to play football with him? Or like as in you want to have hot sex with him all night?
Me: Option number 2, although I WOULD play football with him, too.
Reina: Are you alone?
Me: No. I’m the car with them.
Reina: I’m going to call you and ask you yes or no questions.
A few seconds later my phone rings. “Sorry, I have to take this.”
“No problem, Ains,” Zack tells me with a smile.
“Hi Reina. What’s up?”
“Is this going to be a problem for you?”
“No.”
“Are you planning on sleeping with him?”
“Yes.”
“If the evidence points to him, will you be able to take him down?”
“Absolutely.” I mean it, too. If Zack’s the bad guy, I will take him down. It’s my job and I’m committed to it.
“That’s not a yes, but I believe you. Just be careful. He’s not a relationship guy from what I’ve seen and read. Okay?”
“Yes. Thanks.”
“You’re welcome. I’m going to have Tegan look into this new development.”
“That would be great.”
I hang up with her and then look up to see Zack turned around in his seat, looking at me. “Is everything okay? You had a lot of one word answers going on.”
“Yeah, everything’s fine. My friend, Reina, just had some questions for me about something we’re working on together.” It’s not technically a lie.
“Cool. Just trying to be a good friend and make sure you’re alright,” he tells me with a wink and then turns back around.
Friend? I just got friend zoned again? Story of my life. Oh well, that will make things easier. For work at least. Sierra meets my eye in the rearview window and gives me a sympathetic smile.
We arrive at the hotel a few minutes later and I thank Sierra before getting out of the car. I practically run inside. I see the woman from last night—the one Zack took back to his room—in the lobby. I hear a squeal and turn in time to see her grab him into a hug. He doesn’t seem to be protesting or untangling himself. I guess that’s who he’ll be having fun with tonight.
I’m close to breaking down even though I knew better than to get my hopes up. The elevator is taking forever, so I hurry over to the stairwell. It’s only ten floors and I’m in good shape. I can totally do this.
I’ve barely made it to the second floor when I hear the door below me bang open. “Ains?”
I lean back against the wall before answering. There’s no point in running. He’s faster than me, and we both know it. “Yeah?”
Zack is in front of me in less than a minute. “What the fuck are you doing? You were attacked last night and now you’re taking the stairs? What if someone was watching you?”
“No one’s going to look at me when there are sexy women in the lobby.” I look down at my jeans, t-shirt, and Chucks. I dressed down tonight, thinking I wouldn’t see anyone. Yeah, Zack didn’t seem to mind my outfit and glasses when he kissed me, but then he “friended” me and was hugging that other woman who was busting out of her dress.
“Is this about the chick in the lobby? I mean, come on. I told you I wasn’t going to do anything with her. I felt a little bad for using her to make you jealous, so I let her hug me. I told her I was no longer interested, though.”
I push my glasses up on my nose and try to walk past him. “That’s nice. I really want to get to my room and go to sleep.”
“I thought we were going to have some fun.” He puts his arm out to stop me.
“Yeah. We can watch TV or something if you want.”
“TV?”
“Isn’t that what friends do?”
He backs me up to the wall and braces a hand on either side of my face while leaning in to me. “I think you and I are gonna be doing a lot of things normal friends don’t do, babe. But I won’t stop calling you my friend. Because you are. You’re also the hottest woman I know, and I want to fuck you so bad my cock hurts most days just thinking of being buried in you.”
“Even when I look like this?”
“Oh yeah. You’re totally rocking the sexy nerd look.”
I reach up and put my arms on his biceps, rubbing them as he closes his eyes. Then I lean in and kiss the bottom of his neck. “Lean down so I can have your mouth, please.”
“Not here. I’m not giving the security guys a show.”
He pulls open the stairwell door as I step back. I didn’t even think about the security cameras. He’s making me forget things that should be second nature to me. I realize that, just for one night at least, I want that. I want to forget computers and spy stuff, while the man I care for makes love to me.
“What are you smiling about?” he asks as we walk to the elevator.
“You. And me.”
“I like that. I wish I could be inside you tonight.”
“I-I thought that’s what we were going to do,” I tell him when we get on the elevator. I’m not that clueless. Am I?
“Not tonight. I know I won’t be able to stop once we start, and I do have a game tomorrow. I can’t be up all night having you over and over again. Which means you’ll just have to use your mouth tonight.”
“Excuse me?” He did not just say that to me.
“You’ll like it. Women get turned on with my cock in their mouth. I’ll get you off, too. I don’t normally care, but I want you to feel good.”
I slap him before I even realize what I’m doing. “I told you before that I wasn’t getting on my knees for you.”
“I said I’d get you off, too. Jesus, Ains, stop being so uptight. I mean, what the fuck?” he asks as he rubs his jaw.
“I’m not that girl. I can’t believe you don’t know that. Maybe your friend’s still in the lobby. She’d probably do what you want.”
“She would.”
“Great. You should go find her.”
I run to my room once the elevator opens, slamming the door behind me once I’m inside. Then I slide down the door and cry. Ugly cry. I thought he cared about me. That he was the one, like in all those stupid movies and books. I know better than to believe in the fairy tale, but for once, I wanted to.
Chapter 6
Zack
Last night sucked. And not in the literal way I was hoping it would. I can’t believe Ainsley got so pissed. I never offer to get a girl off, but I was going to do it for her. I just wanted some reciprocal action.
I can’t think about that now since I’ve got a game to play. And win. We need this win, and although being sexually frustrated isn’t fun, maybe I can channel that into some action on the field. After, I can find someone willing to give me the other action I need.
The first quarter is rough. We’re neck and neck. When I score the touchdown that pulls us ahead, I automatically look to the sidelines. I want to see Ainsley react. She always pumps me up. But when I look to her, she’s not reacting. I mean, she’s clapping, but that’s it.
I tear my eyes from her and look to where Sierra’s sitting. She’s jumping up and down, and I smile at her. I need Ainsley to do that. Just because it’s not going to work for us sexually doesn’t mean we’re not friends. Does it?
I play the best game of my life, making four touchdowns. Every fucking time she just claps. Even when the last one wins us the game. I don’t like this at all.
I storm into the locker room, but manage to laugh and smile for the post-game interviews. After we’re dressed, Ainsley comes in like she always does to go over the game. She congratulates everyone and tells us what we did right and what we did wrong. The other guys all nod as she gives them their info. I clench my jaw when she gets to me.
“Did you hear me, Zack?”
“I heard you.”
“You didn’t react.”
“I said I heard you.”
“Okay then. I’ll see you guys back in Vegas.”
“You’re not flying with us?”
“No. I have a few things I need to do here, so I’m catching a later flight.”
She looks me in the eye, and I know this has to do with me. I also know that things aren’t going back to normal with us. I didn’t act like she wanted me to, so she’s done with me. Just like every other friend I had when I was younger. If that’s the way she wants it, then that’s what she’ll get. Classic Zack Taylor at your service.
“Did you finally find a guy, Ainsley? That’s so sweet. Don’t forget to use protection and remember, the first time may hurt a little.”
“Got to hell, Zack,” she tells me as she turns and storms from the room.
“Crazy woman,” I say with a laugh when she’s gone.
No one’s laughing with me, though. I look around, and the few guys who catch my eye are just shaking their heads. Shit. I went too far. She’s earned their respect, and I just embarrassed her. They’re on her side. What’s weird is I actually want them to be.
I make myself look busy for a few minutes and then walk out of the locker room to find my sister. Since we’re headed to the airport from here, this is my last chance to see her. My heart sinks when I get into the hall and see her. She has her arms crossed over her chest, and she looks pissed.
“Hey, Si.”
“Is there someplace we can talk?”
“I-I don’t know. Maybe?”
“Find out, please.”
I swallow hard and then go back into the locker room. Coach tells me I can use the office they assigned him for the game. He doesn’t look happy about it. Or maybe it’s just me he’s not happy with. Join the club.
I walk Sierra there, dreading every step. My sister has always been on my side. Always. If I don’t have her, I have nothing.
“What the fuck is wrong with you?” she asks once the door is closed.
“A lot of things. You’ll need to be more specific.”
“You know exactly what I’m talking about.”
“You’re going to let some chick come between us? Really? I thought you were always on my side.”
“I am on your side and that’s why I’m pissed. And don’t refer to Ainsley as ‘some chick.’ You didn’t just play the best game of your life because she was someone random.”
“I played the best game of my life because I wanted to win. It had nothing to do with her.”
“Bullshit. You looked over at her after every touchdown. I was actually pissed at her because I thought she was being a bitch until I saw her come out of the locker room barely holding it together. She told me what you said to her. Last night and just now.” She pauses to reach for my hand. “I love you so much, Zack. When I saw you with Ainsley at the restaurant last night, I was so relieved. I worry about you objectifying women. I know how hurt you were in high school and college, but it has to stop. I thought it had when I saw you kiss her and hold her hand, but then you asked her to get on her knees for you and what’s even worse, embarrassed her because she didn’t behave like you wanted her to.”
“I offered to get her off, too. I never offer that to women. And she obviously doesn’t care. My touchdowns meant nothing to her.”
“I really want to slap you right now. Do you even hear yourself? Am I just supposed to drop to my knees if some guy wants me to? Because he’ll get me off, too. Never mind that I want to be held and cared for. Have someone tell me I’m beautiful and kiss me sweetly.”
“Fuck.” I screwed up. Bad. Sierra deserves those things, and so does Ainsley.
“And she cheered for you all the way into the end zone.”
“What?”
“She was jumping up and down, screaming all the while until you got there because she knew you’d look at her. Then, she politely clapped. She needed to have some self-respect after last night.”
“Really? She did?”
“Yes. And then you embarrassed her in front of the team. She doesn’t think she can go back to work tomorrow.”
“What? She has to. We need her. Plus the guys were all on her side. I’m lucky I made it out of there alive.”
“She doesn’t know that. All she knows is that the guy she cares about treated her like a slut and then embarrassed her.”
“Shit. I need to call her.”
“Yes, you do.”
I dial, but she doesn’t answer. Damn it. I didn’t want to text it all to her, but I guess I have to.
Me: I’m sorry, Ains. For last night AND today. You didn’t deserve any of that. I want to make it up to you.
Ainsley: Really?
Me: YES!!!! I care about you, and I want to show you. Please let me.
Ainsley: Can I be your date for the ball on Friday?
I can’t do that. I just can’t. Going public with her isn’t an option for me. I’ve never done that, and I’m not ready.
“What’s wrong, Zack?”
“She wants to be my date for the charity ball the team’s throwing on Friday.”
“That’s great.”
“No. It’s not. I’m not ready to go public.”
“Yes, you are. You care about her. Take a chance, big brother.”
“No.”
Me: I can’t do that. I don’t take dates to those things. Give me another option.
Twenty minutes later I’m still staring at my phone. Clutching it so hard, I’m surprised it doesn’t break. She’s not answering, which means there’s no other option. I can’t do what she wants, but she wants nothing else. I guess this is it.
“You won’t reconsider?”
“No. There has to be something else.”
“I don’t think there is. She wants a grand gesture from you, and there’s nothing bigger than you taking her to a party. Like you said, you never do that.”
“I’m not ready for that, Si.”
“Yes, you are. You just don’t know it yet.”
Before I can answer, there’s a knock at the door. It’s time for me to leave. I pull Sierra into my arms and hug her tight.
“I love you.”
“Love you, too. Think about what I said. Please.”
I can’t promise her anything, so I don’t.
* * *
Ainsley
Knowing someone’s never going to be your boyfriend makes investigating them easier. I asked for, and was given, Monday off from the team meeting. I think they feel sorry for me. Hell, I feel sorry for me. But there’s a job to be done.
I talked to many people Sunday night and Monday morning. I found out how much they love Zack in this town. Everyone was excited when he signed here. He was hanging out around town, and got to know a bunch of the locals. When he was traded, it was a blow to him and the friends he’d made.
“He was really angry,” Joe, a local diner owner, tells me. Zack was eating at his restaurant when he got the news. I told him I’m working on a biography of Zack, but I’d get his permission before printing anything. “I thought he was going to start throwing things. But he said he respected me too much for that.”
“Have you stayed in touch?”
“Of course. He brought his sister here for breakfast the other day. He told me he hopes to be traded back here soon. Says things may not work out in Vegas.”
“I hope it works out for you guys. Breakfast was great. Thanks for talking to me.”
“You’re welcome. Have a safe trip.”
My trip back in was uneventful. I head straight to the office to debrief with Reina. While we’re talking, I also spill everything about Zack and how it’s not an issue anymore.
“He doesn’t care enough, I guess.”
“Who doesn’t care about you, Little Mouse?” Matt Corrigan asks as he walks into Reina’s office.
“It’s none of your business, and stop calling her that.”
“Some people don’t mind their nicknames. You don’t, do you Ainsley?”
I shake my head. I really don’t care that he and his friends call me that. I kind of like that they have a nickname for me. “It’s fine.”
“See?”
“Maybe because hers isn’t meant as an insult.”
“Maybe I should leave the two of you alone.”
“Not until you tell me about this guy of yours.”
“It’s Zack Taylor. And he’s not mine.”
“He’s not anyone’s. That boy gets almost as much play as I do. Stay away from him.”
“She can’t. He’s part of her mission.”
“You didn’t sleep with him?”
“No. We just have lunch every day and hang out. Or at least we did.”
“Zack doesn’t ‘hang out’ with chicks.”
“Women.”
“Excuse me, Princess. Women.”
“He did with me.”
“Well, shit. You’ve broken him. I know guys like him. If he’s hanging out with you in a non-sexual way, he’s hooked.”
“Obviously he’s not. He won’t take me to the ball on Friday.”
“Then I’ll take you. I’d love to watch him crumble. He stole twins out from under me a couple months ago. I owe him a little pain.”
“You don’t ever take a date to those things,” Reina tells him.
“Maybe I haven’t found the right girl.”
“I guess not. Excuse me, I’ve got to go. Have fun on your date.”
Reina practically runs from the room and I turn to glare at Matt. “Why are you like that with her?”
“Like what?”
“You pretend you don’t care. But I’ve seen the way you look at her when you think no one’s watching.”
“We both know she’s too good for me. So just drop it, please. I’ll pick you up at 6 on Friday. Okay?”
“I’m not sure we should. Reina…”
“She’ll be fine. It’s really not like that with us. Do you want me to take you or not?”
“Yes, I do. Thanks, Matt.”
“Anytime.”
* * *
Zack
This ball is going to be the death of me and I’ve only been here for five minutes. I’ve already turned down ten women, and one man. Currently, Miss BJ is trying her best to climb me, even though I keep moving and telling her to go away.
“Wow. That’s even crazier than if you showed up with a date,” she says to me.
I turn and almost drop my drink. Matt Corrigan just walked in with Ainsley on his arm. What the fuck is she doing with him? He’s ten times the man-whore that I am. Or was. And this chick’s right. He’d never bring a date to one of these things. Unless he’s serious about her. Was she playing me all along? No. I know she wasn’t.
Ainsley’s looking beyond hot. The top of her strapless black dress is leather and the bottom has a wrap skirt with a slit that goes to the top of her thigh on the left. I move my eyes up to her face and see that she’s scowling at my crotch. I’m confused until I realize that this stupid chick is palming my cock through my pants. I immediately push her away.
“Get the fuck off of me. How many times do I have to say no before you get it. Don’t put your hands on me again.”
I know I was loud, but I don’t care. I’m already dealing with Corrigan showing up with the woman I want. I don’t need a woman who I don’t want screwing things up even worse than they already are. I look back to the happy couple, and he lifts his chin at me while smirking. He knows. Asshole.
I really have no room to talk. I’ve been the biggest ass in this whole mess. Why couldn’t I just get past my stupid insecurities and bring Ainsley here? Because I was worried about everyone’s reactions. My sister’s right. I need to get over my shit. Especially with Corrigan moving in on my girl. Who isn’t my girl because I got in my own way. I have to figure out how to fix this. There has to be a way.
Dinner is another form of torture since they’re sitting at the same table as me. I got paired with the daughter of some CEO, and I have to keep moving her hand off my thigh. While I watch Corrigan make Ainsley laugh. But she isn’t eating off of his plate, so maybe I still have a shot.
“Excuse me, but can I borrow Zack?” the lady from the charity asks as she walks up to our table.
“Me?”
“Yes, I have a surprise that I’d like to talk to you about.”
“Okay. I guess so.”
I get up and follow her to the dance floor. She has me lean down so she can whisper what she wants in my ear. I smile and whisper back. Sierra said I need a grand gesture; well, this seems pretty grand.
* * *
Ainsley
This night has been fun, but hard. Matt has been making me laugh, but he’s not who I want. I want to sit next to Zack and eat off his plate while he makes me laugh. At least he pushed that woman off of him and told her not to touch him. He’s been polite with the woman they’ve seated next to him, but nothing more.
Now he’s on the dance floor whispering with the woman who’s in charge of the party. He looks my way and smiles. That thrills me, yet also scares me a little.
“Can I have everyone’s attention, please?” she says into the microphone. “Thank you all for coming and helping to raise money for the charity. I just asked Zack Taylor here if we could auction off a dance with him, but he just turned the tables on me. He tells me there’s only one woman he’d like to dance with and he’s willing to donate $100,000 for that honor. Go get your woman, Zack.”
I close my eyes because I want it to be me, and if it isn’t I might die inside. Matt whispers in my ear to let me know that it is me. “Lover boy’s headed this way, Little Mouse.”
I open my eyes and Zack’s in front of me, with his hand held out. I practically jump out of my chair as Matt chuckles next to me. The second I place my hand in his, Zack pulls me to him and kisses me sweetly on the mouth. He leans his forehead against mine and whispers, “Please dance with me, Ains. I should’ve been the one to walk in here with you. I’m sorry I wasn’t.”
“I’ll dance with you if you promise that you’ll be walking out of here with me.”
“What about Corrigan?”
“He’s just a friend who offered to do me the favor of being my date.”
“That’s a big favor for him.”
“He’s a very good friend, and he said he owed you. Something about a set of twins a few months back.”
“Shit. He more than got me back by having you on his arm. I promise you that.”
“I’d love to keep talking, but I’m sure people are staring.”
“Good. I want them to stare and realize how crazy I am about you. But I’ll dance with you now because that means I can keep you in my arms.”
He walks us onto the dance floor and pulls me close as the music starts. We sway to the music and share little kisses throughout the song. I’m hoping that we can keep dancing because I love the feel of Zack’s hands on my waist and his mouth on mine. The world, or more accurately, Matt, has other plans.
“Attention everyone, we’ve had another generous offer for this young lady’s time,” the charity woman announces. Zack’s hands tighten on my waist, and I see his jaw clench. “Matthew Corrigan has offered one million dollars for some dances for himself and nine players from the Legions football team. What do you say, my dear?”
I look up at Zack. “It’s for charity. Besides, with them it’ll just be dancing.” He nods, and I turn to the woman. “Sure, why not?”
“Wonderful,” she says as people clap.
Matt walks up, and Zack kisses me hard. He lets go and then glares at Matt as he places my hand in his. “Bastard.”
“Yep, I am. But so are you, Taylor. And if you hurt Ainsley again, there’s no place on this Earth that you can hide from me, or her other friends. Just remember that.”
“That’s enough, Matt.”
“You know it’s true. Your girls would hunt his ass down.”
I eye Matt down. “I said that’s enough. Now are we going to dance?”
“Yes, Little Mouse, we’re dancing.”
He starts to pull me to him, but I turn and grab Zack. I kiss him as Matt sighs. “I’ll see you soon.”
He nods and smirks at Matt as he walks away. “You’re making this too easy for him.”
“He just told a whole room of people that I’m the only one he wants. He gave me my grand gesture.”
“Yeah, he did. I’ll concede that. I’ll also take care of the woman they sat him with.”
“Thanks, Matt.”
“Anything for you and the girls. You know that.”
“I do.”
* * *
Zack
If I thought this party sucked earlier, it was nothing compared to watching Ains dance with my teammates. And Corrigan. I don’t know how they became friends, but I know I don’t like it. Especially after the stunt he pulled tonight.
Thank God she’s on her last dance. I don’t know how much more I can take. Yes, she looked over at me and smiled as often as possible without being rude to her dance partners. So I know she’s not into any of them. I want her back with me, though. I even grabbed us some desserts from the buffet they set up. On one plate, of course.
The song ends and she walks over to the table. I watch her, and that fucking slit in her dress, getting a lot of male attention. I stand up and pull her to me, claiming her with my mouth. She chuckles against my lips as I pull back.
“Do you think they all figured out that we’re together, or should you throw me over your shoulder?” she asks while sitting down.
“I thought you wanted people to know.” Now I’m confused.
“I do. I just think it’s funny that it took me coming here with Matt for you to decide you wanted to tell people.”
“I was being an ass, but I never meant to hurt you. I just wanted to keep what we had private. You know the press will be all over this.”
“Because you never date?”
“That, and because you work for the team. They’re always on the lookout for a scandal.”
“Jack told me I should date you, so there’s no scandal.”
“He did?”
“Yes. He said that you’re more than you appear to be, and if you asked me out, I should consider it.”
“He’s great. I already knew that, but now I need to send him some cigars.”
“If you think he’s so great, why do you still want to be traded?”
“I miss my sister, Ains. I want to be near her, but she won’t move here.”
“So you’re serious about this then.”
“Very.”
“We should probably end this before it begins then. Because I’m staying in Vegas.”
“What? You just got there. If this works out, you could move with me. You wouldn’t need to work, either.”
“So I’d just be your kept woman? Never, Zack. Never. I work for what I have.” I realize that I may have just blown my cover, so I try to fix it. “I mean, yeah, my parents used to pay for everything, but I want to be independent now.”
“Shit. I didn’t mean it like that. I love that you’re independent. I just meant that I could support you if you didn’t have a job. Not that you couldn’t have one.”
“I’m still not moving. I may not have been here long, but I’ve made some good friends and I really like it here.”
“Friends like Matt Corrigan?”
“Yes. Matt is a good friend.”
“I want to make this work.”
“I won’t move, and you won’t stay, so it’s not going to work. No matter how much we both want it to.”
“This can’t be the end for us.”
“It has to be. I’d say that we could still be friends, but that would be too hard for me. I’ll still cheer for you, though. I promise.”
I lean over to kiss him on the cheek before standing up and walking out of the ballroom. It takes a bunch of deep breaths, and a willpower I didn’t know I had, to do it, but I make it out of there without crying. I don’t stop walking until I get to valet. I have no choice but to stop there and sit on one of the benches to wait for my car. I just want to go home and sleep.
Chapter 7
Zack
I just got off phone with my sister, and now I need to find Matt Corrigan. If he’s still here. I look around and finally spot him at one of the more secluded tables. He’s surrounded by several beautiful women, which isn’t surprising. What is surprising is that the vibe coming off of their table isn’t sexual at all. They’re laughing like old friends. Matt looks up as I walk over and scowls at me.
“Where’s Ainsley?”
“She left. I was hoping you had her address.”
“You fucked up again? Seriously? I don’t know how someone with no game can get so many women.”
“I’ve got plenty of game, but Ainsley’s not like that. I wouldn’t try to play her. I need to talk to her, though.”
“I’m glad that you realize she’s not like other women so I don’t have to cut your balls off.” This is said to me by a stunning woman with long brown hair. She’s twirling a steak knife in her hand and glaring at me out of her almond shaped eyes.
“Umm, yeah, okay. Are you going to tell me how to find her, or not?” I ask Matt.
“Not. He’s not telling you shit,” the platinum blonde pin-up girl sitting next to him says.
“Who are you people? And why do you care whether he tells me or not?”
“We’re Ainsley’s friends and we know all about you, Zack. Give us one good reason why we should help you. You only get one, so make it the right one,” says the redhead on the other side of Corrigan. She crosses her legs, and I see cowboy boots peeking out from beneath her gown. Interesting.
“She thinks we can’t be together because I wanted to move to where my sister lives. I just called my sister and told her that I want to be where Ainsley is, so I’m no longer going to try to get traded. She likes Ainsley, so she understands.”
A beautiful Latin woman, who looks to be a little older than me, speaks up. “We’ll tell you, but you’re running out of your nine lives. When that happens, you have to deal with all nine of us.”
“Plus me. Don’t forget me, Audrey,” Corrigan adds.
“Like we ever could. Here’s the address. We all live there, so I’ll call the guard at the gate and tell him to let you in.”
After thanking her I plug the address into my phone’s GPS. I rush out of the room and pick up my SUV from the valet. When I get to her gate twenty minutes later, the guard sends me through. I park and run into the building. What I see makes me smile.
Ains is in the lobby, still wearing her gown. She’s added her glasses and is sitting behind the security desk tapping keys on one of the computers. It’s all kinds of hot. I know it shouldn’t be, and I’ve never thought of nerdy girls as particularly sexy before, but fuck if she’s not.
“How may I help you, sir?’ one of the guards asks me.
“I’m here for her.”
Ainsley’s head shoots up. “Zack? What are you doing here? How did you find me?”
“I have a solution to our problem. Your friends gave me your address and called the guard at the gate to let me in.”
“What solution could you have possibly found?”
“I called my sister and told her I was staying with you.”
Her eyes go wide. “I can’t let you do that. You love Sierra.”
“I do love her, but I also know I’m falling in love with you, Ains.”
“You are?”
“Yes.”
“I’m almost done here. Do you mind waiting a few minutes? We can go up to my apartment, and talk when I finish.”
“I’ll wait as long as you need me to.”
I look around and notice that there’s no waiting area, leasing office, or anything really. That’s kind of weird. I just lean on the security desk as I watch her work. She finishes up quickly and stands up.
“Everything’s taken care of, Kenny.”
“Thanks, Ainsley.”
“Let me know if you have any problems, and I’ll take care of it.”
“Of course. Now go spend some time with your young man.”
Ainsley smiles at me as she takes off her glasses and puts them back in her little purse. “Thanks for waiting, Zack.”
“Of course.”
I reach out to take her hand as she comes around the side of the desk. She leads me to the elevators and uses her palm to activate them. It’s like something out of a spy novel, and I really want to ask about it, about this building, but I can tell she’s nervous, so I won’t. Who cares that she lives in some high security place?
She doesn’t let go of my hand as we ride the elevator up to the fourteenth floor, but she’s quiet the entire time. I want to talk to her, but I see her anxiety getting worse as we get closer to her apartment. When we get off the elevator, she stops in front of her door and looks down.
“It’s not girly, or sexy, or sophisticated.”
“Your apartment?”
“Yes. I have big screen TVs, gaming systems, and a bunch of computers. That’s it. If you want to leave now, I’ll understand.”
Leave? Is she crazy? I don’t give a fuck what her apartment looks like. I turn her around, and back her against the door as I pepper her mouth with little kisses. “Do you have a bed? Or at least a couch?”
“Y-yes. I have both.”
“Then nothing else matters right now,” I tell her honestly. “Unless you aren’t ready for that. Then I’ll take the grand tour and love it all. Because it’s yours. Now let us in, babe.”
* * *
Ainsley
I turn back to the door to open it, holding my breath as I walk into the apartment. Zack follows me, and lets out a low whistle. “This is fucking awesome, Ains. Wow.”
I look around, and try to see my place as he sees it. Chloe Griffin gave me a modern loft vibe when she designed it. My ceilings have pipes and beams exposed, the walls are bricked, and everything is open. My bedroom is up the stairs, and like a real loft, it’s exposed to the rest of the apartment. The only rooms with doors are the bathrooms and my workroom. I love it, and I guess a guy would love it, too.
“It’s a guy’s dream, I guess.”
“No. I mean, yeah it is, but I also meant that it’s so ‘you.’ Which makes it even better—sexier. I love it.”
“You think it’s sexy? Really?” I walk over to him and put my arms around his neck.
“Not as sexy as you, but yeah. I can’t help but think of all the places in here I can have you on top of.” He puts his hands on my waist and pulls me closer.
“You can, you know. Have me, I mean.”
“Good, because this slit in your dress has been making me crazy all night,” he tells me as he slides one hand down and inside the slit to caress my thigh.
“I wanted to rip this tux off of you the second I saw you in it.”
“Let’s go upstairs and then you can rip away. I want our first time to be in a bed.”
He picks me up, and I wrap my legs around him as he walks up the stairs. When we get to my bed, he stands me on my feet and turns me around. “If this wasn’t our first time, I’d leave the dress on and just spread it open as I fucked you hard against the wall. But you deserve better than that, so I’m going to take it off of you and make love to you slow and sweet.”
“Then you’ll fuck me hard against the wall?”
“Hell, yeah, if that’s what you want.”
“Yes, please.”
“You’re making it very hard for me to take things slow, but I’m going to.”
He slowly lowers the zipper on my dress, following his fingers with his mouth. When the dress falls to the ground, he stops kissing me and doesn’t say anything for a minute. I start to feel self-conscious and pull away, but he stops me and turns me to face him. He still isn’t talking, though.
“What’s wrong, Zack?”
“Not a damn thing. You’re so beautiful. All of you. I want to explore every inch of your beauty.”
“I want to explore you, too, but you have all your clothes on. I know what you look like in just your underwear, and it’s killing me right now.”
He smiles at me then pulls off his jacket and bow tie while I attack his shirt. Buttons go flying as he laughs at me. “You’re so hot, Ains.”
“You said I could rip it off.”
“I did indeed.”
I undo his belt and pants while he kicks off his shoes. Now we’re both standing here in our underwear. I see the bulge in his boxer briefs, and it makes my mouth go dry. I lick my lips, and then he’s on me.
We both fall back onto my bed, as he kisses me frantically. I wrap my legs around him again and rub against him like some cat in heat. I can’t help it. I’ve been fantasizing about him for too long now.
“Slow. Slow. Slow,” Zack says as he releases my lips. I think he’s trying to remind himself, more than me, of what he said earlier.
“I won’t break, Zack.”
“I know. But you deserve to be loved, not fucked, and kissed sweetly. I want to make you feel special. Because you are.”
He leans down and kisses me softly as the walls around my heart come crashing down. I just fell in love with Zack Taylor. Correction. I just admitted to myself that I’m in love with Zack Taylor.
He continues the sweet and slow as he moves from my mouth to nibble on my jaw. My neck comes next. I feel like I’m going to come out of my skin by the time he reaches my collarbone and licks across it. I arch into him as he sucks on the swells of my breasts and undoes the front clasp of my bra.
“Gorgeous. You are so fucking gorgeous. These are gorgeous,” he says as he takes one breast is his hand and the other in his mouth.
I cry out as he licks and sucks me, giving each nipple its turn while he uses his finger on the other one. Then I’m whimpering as he abandons them to move to my ribs. He leans back up and blows on the wetness he left behind, causing my back to bow up off the bed.
“Don’t worry. I’ll be back for them again later.”
He kisses along my ribs, then stomach, stopping to play with my belly button for a minute. Who knew that could be so sexy? My hips get some attention before he leans back, slides his hands into the sides off my thong and pulls it off.
“You’re not bare,” he says looking mildly surprised.
“N-no. My friend, Stella, wanted me to…but it looked too painful. I keep it trimmed, though.” I move to cover myself. I should’ve just endured the pain.
“Don’t you dare cover your sexy pussy. I like it. Actually, I love it. Everything about you is real. You have no idea how much that turns me on.”
He traces a finger across down my slit, between my wet lips, before he brings it back to his mouth for a taste. His eyes close and before I can worry too much, he lets out a satisfied moan. The only warning I get is a wicked smile from him as he drops between my legs and starts tracing his tongue back and forth. Sweet Jesus.
He slides a finger inside of me and I start to grasp the blankets. My body’s writhing uncontrollably now while I gasp out words that don’t even make sense. That seems to spur him on. He adds another finger and a little bit of teeth as he sucks my clit harder into his mouth.
I come so hard I’m seeing stars. I’m also actively fucking his face, which should embarrass me, but it doesn’t. I can’t even think straight as I slowly come down from the heavens he sent me to.
“Oh my God, Zack. I didn’t know…I mean, my friends said…oh God that was amazing.”
“No one’s made you come before?”
“No. I mean, I have some toys, so I’ve made myself come, but the few guys I’ve been with were more interested in themselves.”
He sighs as he gets on his knees and looks away. “I’m usually like that, too. I don’t even remember the last time I actively tried to make a woman come.”
“You were very active in making me come just now.”
“You—you’re going to be coming all night. Making you come almost made me come.”
“Do you want me to…umm…return the favor? I know I said I wouldn’t, but I will.”
“Yes, I want that. Very badly. But not now. Now I’d like to be inside of you.”
I nod, almost impatiently, because of how badly I want that too.
He climbs off the bed and slips off his briefs. My dry mouth starts to water when I see his cock for the first time. Damn. It’s as perfect as the rest of him. Long and thick, but not too big to make it scary. And when he bends over to get a condom out of his pants? I nearly faint. I swear I do. If I thought his ass looked hot in his football pants, well, naked ass wins hands down.
“Someone likes what she sees.”
“Huh?”
“You’re practically squirming off the bed, babe.”
I realize he’s right. My body’s moving on its own, reacting to his body. I won’t be embarrassed, though. “I do like what I see.”
“Good. It would be bad if this was all one-sided lust,” he tells me as he climbs back on the bed. He holds out the condom. “Wanna put it on?”
I nod furiously. “Yes.”
I take it from him and open the package with my teeth. Then I reach out and grasp him as he lets out a hiss. “Your hand feels so good on me.”
“I’ll come back to it later,” I promise him, echoing his words from a few minutes ago. This makes him laugh.
I place the condom on his already wet tip and roll it down. We both moan as my hands glide over his length. I get to the base and then lean up to kiss him lightly on the lips. I can taste myself on him, which is strange, but nice at the same time.
He gently pushes me back on the bed and leans over me. I smile and nod at him, letting him know it’s okay. That I’m okay. I feel him against my entrance, and he gently thrusts inside of me.
Wow. Just wow. It feels so good as he moves in and out slowly. This is what my friends always talked about. They said sex was the best, but I just never understood it before. The other guys I was with never made it feel like this. With Zack, I feel everything. And it’s so good that I can’t even think clearly.
“You feel so good, Ains. So wet, but still nice and tight around my cock.”
“It feels…I don’t even know how to describe it. I love having you inside of me.”
He kisses me over and over again, as he continues making slow love to me. I move my hands to his ass. I need to feel it. It feels even better than it looks, and he growls as I grab it tight to pull him even further into me.
I pull his mouth down to me, and all gentleness is gone as he thrusts harder and harder into me. I’m coming in seconds, and he follows right after me. We’re both left panting once our shuddering stops. He slides out slowly and excuses himself to the bathroom.
I stay where I am. I’m not sure if I could move anyway. Zack comes back and pulls me into his arms as he lies down next to me. I cuddle into him and rub my hands over his impressive chest, which has a light dusting of hair and, of course, those unbelievable abs of his.
“Best ever. I mean it.”
“Really?”
“Yes. You destroyed me, then put me back together. And that was just our first time. I hope I can survive you. If I don’t, then at least I’ll go out a very happy man.”
“I haven’t had much experience, but that was the best for me, too.”
“Glad to hear that. I really want to have you again, but I only brought that one condom. I don’t usually need more than one.”
“I have some. My friends always make sure I have a supply on hand. For what, I don’t know”
“Well, they’re for me now. At least I hope they are.”
“Of course they are. It feels really nice to have you hold me like this.”
“Yeah, it does. I think the condoms can wait for a little while.” I smile at him and close my eyes.
Chapter 8
Zack
Ainsley fell asleep before we could go for round two last night. I actually didn’t mind, though. I mean, sure, I definitely want her again, but holding her in my arms while she slept was like nothing I’ve ever felt. I fell asleep a little while later and woke up with her sprawled across me. Very nice way to wake up, thank you very much.
I have the urge to cook us breakfast because I like to take care of her, so I carefully slide out from under her. I quietly throw on my pants and check her fridge. It’s remarkably well stocked, so it doesn’t take long before I’m finishing up omelets and breakfast potatoes. I’m just plating them when her front door opens, and two of the women from last night walk in.
“Well, what do we have here? Our little Ainsley had a sleepover last night and didn’t invite us,” the platinum blonde says.
I know she’s baiting me, but I’m not going for it. “You wouldn’t have been welcome. At least not by me.”
“Or me, either. You’re not welcome now.”
Ainsley looks angry as she runs down the stairs in a tank top and yoga pants. Like really angry. I’d be scared if she was looking at me like that. The girls don’t seem fazed at all, though.
“Calm down. We just stopped by to say hi,” the redhead with the cowboy boots says.
“No. You came over to spy because you both know he didn’t leave. Security would’ve told you if he did.”
“Fine. We knew he was here. We just wanted to make sure you were okay.”
“I’m better than okay, so can you please go before you embarrass me any further?”
I finally speak up. “Don’t be embarrassed on my account, Ains. I like that you have friends who care about you enough to check up on you.”
“I didn’t think I’d like you, Football, but you might just be okay.”
“His abs are definitely okay, Stella,” the redhead says with a wink.
“Shut it Tegan. And get out. Both of you. Out.”
“We’ll talk later.”
“No we won’t. I plan to be busy all day. And I’m locking the door.”
She follows them to the door and locks the regular lock as well as the deadbolt. I can’t help but laugh. If I wasn’t already in love with her, I would be now. I have to tease her a little.
“Am I your prisoner, babe? You going to keep me locked up in here until we act out all your sexual fantasies?”
“What? No. I mean, you can leave. I shouldn’t have assumed…”
“Oh yes, yes you should have. I’m not leaving until tonight. And even then it’s only because I don’t have any other clothes to wear and I have a game tomorrow. Now come over here and have some breakfast.”
She walks over to me and pulls my head down so she can kiss me. We kiss for a few minutes, until I break away, and smack her on the ass. She looks up at me in shock. “I’m not that kind of girl, Zack.”
“I know. I wouldn’t hit you any harder, or anywhere else on your body. I just need you to eat this wonderful meal I slaved over the stove to make. And stop distracting me with that amazing mouth of yours.”
“Do I get to slap your ass, too?”
“After we eat.”
She sits down, and I take the seat next to her. There’s plenty of kissing and our legs are entwined as we eat. We can’t keep our hands off of each other. I don’t know how we’re going to be able to eat in public again without causing a scene.
We spend the rest of the day together playing video games, talking, and watching a couple of movies. We also christen every flat surface and wall in her house. And the shower. It’s hands down the best day of my life, and though I don’t want it to end, I do need to get some rest.
“I’ll see you at the game tomorrow, babe,” I tell her as I make myself pull away from her. We’ve been making out against my car in the garage, but I really do need to get home.
“I’ll be the one cheering for Zack, my…umm…”
“I think the word you’re looking for is ‘boyfriend.’”
“That is the word I was looking for. How did you know?”
“Because that’s who I am. Your boyfriend. At least I hope I am. I think I’m supposed to ask.”
“You are supposed to ask, but I’ll let it slide. I’ll be expecting your class ring and letterman’s jacket sometime in the future though.”
“I’ll have to dig them out of storage for you, but they’re all yours. So am I.”
“Good. Because I don’t share.”
“Neither do I.
I give her one more kiss before getting in my car. We both have big smiles on our faces as she blows me a kiss, and I catch it. I wasn’t sure I’d ever find a woman who just wanted me. Not the football superstar, but the real guy. Ainsley does, though. There’s not one deceptive bone in her body.
* * *
Ainsley
I’m smiling all the way up to my apartment. I have my first boyfriend, and he’s pretty awesome. The smile slips off my face when I open my apartment door to see nine women lounging in my living room. Seriously? They act like I’m a teenager, not a twenty-six year old adult.
“That was a long goodbye,” Faith tells me.
I ignore her and walk towards the stairs. “Where are you going, Ainsley?”
“I’m not your kid, Reina. You don’t need to all be here to check on poor little Ainsley.” I turn and look to Stella and Tegan. “And this morning with you two? Way out of line. So far out, I don’t know even what field you were playing on.”
“We just worry about you. You haven’t had that much experience, and you told us you’ve never had a boyfriend before. Zack Taylor’s a little…well…”
“Well what, Jade? Out of my league? Is that what you were going to say? Is that what you all think?”
“No. We think you’re out of his league,” Ellie tells me.
“You do?”
“Of course we do. You’re amazing, and we just aren’t sure that he is. Especially since he’s a suspect.”
I sit down on the step I’m on, and sigh. “He is, Isa. He’s amazing. I know he’s a suspect, and I promise I’ll take him down if it’s him. But I already told you I’m falling for him, and he’s falling for me.”
“Did he tell you that, or do you just think that. I’m sorry to ask, but I kind of have to.”
“Yes, Reina. He told me. In front of the guys downstairs, even. He also showed me. Last night and all day today. And I’m not just talking about the sex, although, that was beyond awesome. He cooked breakfast for me, and then we made lunch and dinner together. We played some of my video games and watched movies. We also talked. About everything. Well, not everything, since I can’t tell him about the mission, but almost everything. And he just told me that he wants me to be his girlfriend.”
“All that and he has killer abs? Damn girl. You know all this technology and stuff. Is there a way to make me one?”
“I’m not a scientist, so the best I could maybe do would be a computer generated one who just talked to you.”
“Well, hell. That’s no fun. But you, on the other hand, sound like you’re having enough fun for the both of us.”
“I am.”
“Just be careful. We’ll all be here to pick up the pieces if it goes wrong, but you need to be prepared in case he is the one doing the sabotaging. Or he ends up acting like the stupid jerk everyone thinks he is.”
“I know, Reina. Thanks for coming over everyone, but I really need to go to sleep. I have to be at the stadium early for the game.”
There are only two more pre-season games before the start of the regular season. I’m expecting things to get worse now that it’s so close. I need to rest so I can keep my head in the game. I can’t risk missing something because I’m tired or because I’m in love.
* * *
Zack
I walk into the locker room and all conversation stops. “What’s up guys?” I know what’s up, but I’m not going to be the one to say it. It’s really no one’s business.
“You and Ainsley? Really? I thought she was smarter than that.”
“This is your first game back. I suggest you shut your mouth, Donaldson, if you want to actually make it out to the field.”
“I don’t need to say anything, anyway. You’ll screw this up all on your own.”
I shake my head and turn back to my locker to get changed. The problem is, I’m afraid that he’s right. Even though I’m 110% committed to being with Ainsley, I’m probably going to screw this up. It won’t be by cheating on her, which I know is what he’s insinuating. There’s no way in hell I’d ever do that. Not to her. But I’m still afraid I’ll do something else I shouldn’t. I’ll just have to try really hard not to.
I get dressed quickly and prepare for the game. I smile when I hear Ainsley’s knock at the door. Coach tells her she can come in, and when she does, my heart almost stops. She’s wearing my jersey over a pair of leggings. Damn if that’s not the hottest thing I’ve ever seen in my life. Coach isn’t impressed with what she’s wearing, though.
“I know you two are going steady now, but I need you paying attention to the other guys out there today too, Ainsley.”
“Yes. Of course. Do you want me to change?”
“No.” The word’s out of my mouth before I can even think about it.
“I believe she was asking me.”
“Oh. Sorry, Coach.”
“You don’t have to change. I trust you to tell all these assholes exactly what they do wrong today.”
“And what they do right.”
“Sure. That too.”
“I’ll see all of you out there,” she says as she looks at me and smiles before leaving the locker room.
The game is going the way we wanted it to. It’s the third quarter, and I’ve just made our fourth touchdown. I run to the sidelines, throw off my helmet, and grab Ainsley for a kiss. I know the cameras and everyone in the stadium are watching me. I don’t give a fuck. Well actually, I do. I want people to know she’s mine. And I’m hers.
“We’re probably going to fine you for that, you know.”
The team has strict guidelines written into our contracts. We can be fined for anything deemed a distraction from the game. They’re really serious about making a good impression, and proving we’re a serious team.
“Yep,” I tell Coach and then turn back to my girl. “It was worth the fine.”
“Yes it was.”
We ended up winning 35-31, so it was closer than we would’ve liked. Ainsley goes over everything with us, and true to her word, she really was watching all of us. Donaldson practically takes her head off when she tells him what she saw. Before I can punch him, the coaches tell him she’s right, and that he needs to back off. I’m pretty sure some of that was for my benefit, but I’m glad they did it all the same.
I’m holding Ainsley’s hand when we walk out of the locker room. As we head to the outside door, my agent stops me. “Zack, we need to talk about the trade.”
“I told you, I no longer want to be traded, Dex.”
“Listen, I know you think you want to stay for her. But chicks come and go. You know that more than anyone. You’ll move on by next week and regret not at least exploring your options.”
“I know we’ve been friends for years, man, but don’t ever disrespect Ainsley again. She’s important to me. I will not hesitate to kick your ass next time.”
“I’m sorry, Ainsley. I shouldn’t have said that in front of you.”
“You shouldn’t have said that at all. What the hell is wrong with you?”
“Talk to him, Zack. I’ll meet you back at my place.”
“You sure? I can talk to him another day.”
“Yes, I’m sure. He flew out to see you.”
“Give us a minute, Dex,” I tell him as I pull her a little ways down the hall. “I won’t be long, babe. Can you please keep the jersey on?”
“Take as long as you need. Of course I’ll leave it on if you want. I was a little worried about wearing it. I know other women wear them all the time.”
“They wear my jersey to try and impress me, but it only makes them look desperate. You wore it to support me, and it makes you look like the hottest woman on the planet. Thank you. I mean it.”
“You’re welcome. Thanks for incurring that fine to kiss me.”
“I just got a warning this time, but I’m doing it at every game you’re on the sidelines for.”
“You’ll get fined every time if you were already warned.”
“Will you let me move in with you when I run out of money?”
“Maybe.”
“I’m going to turn that maybe into a yes tonight. I better go take care of Dex, so I can get back to you faster.”
“Okay. Do I get your mouth for a few minutes first?”
“Oh yeah.”
I lean down and brush her lips with mine. It’s not enough for her. She grabs the collar of my shirt to pull me against her. I smile against her lips as she crushes them into mine. We’re broken apart by the sound of Dex clearing his throat.
“I’ll see you soon, Zack.”
“Very soon,” I tell her as I kiss her knuckles. She smiles at me and walks away. I watch her go. “Alright, man. Let’s get this over with.”
Chapter 9
Ainsley
Since I’m not sure how long Zack will be meeting with Dex, I decide that ordering in probably won’t work. I stop at the grocery store to pick up some chicken. I have a freezer full of great meat, but since I didn’t plan on cooking, it’s of no use to me tonight. I grab a couple of other things I know he’ll like and then drive to my apartment. I say hi to the guards in the lobby, and ride the elevator to my floor.
I’d like to say I’m surprised when I get off the elevator and see my apartment door is open, but I’m not. I shake my head as I walk in. “You guys are fast, I’ll give you that.”
“What the hell happened? I nearly burst into flames when that hot man of yours kissed you after his touchdown. He claimed you in front of the whole world. I was expecting some elevator action, at least.” Stella fans herself to emphasize her words.
“I would’ve shut off the elevator cameras if I was going to get any action in there. As for Zack, his agent showed up and insisted on meeting. He’ll be here as soon as he’s done.”
“You’re cooking him dinner?”
“Nothing compared to your work, Faith. Just some chicken and veggies,” I tell her as I drop the bags on the counter and start taking things out.
“Listen girls, I need to talk to Ainsley. Alone,” Reina says. They all grumble a little, but file out. When they’re gone, she walks into the kitchen and leans against the counter as I start cooking. “I think you know what I’m going to tell you.”
I place my hands on the counter and hang my head. “Because of the publicity from the ball, and now the game, I’ll never be able to go undercover again. I understand if you’re firing me, Reina.”
“Firing you? Never. But yes, you won’t be able to go out on missions after this one.”
“The same thing would’ve happened if I’d followed the plan and dated Kevin. We would’ve been photographed.”
“There was a chance of it, yes. But from what we can tell, he would’ve kept things discreet if you’d asked. And I don’t think you would’ve fallen for him.”
“I know I’ve screwed up, okay?” I tell her as I feel tears forming in my eyes.
I love my job, but if I can’t go on any missions, ever, I shouldn’t be an agent. They should find someone to replace me and just make me a part of that person’s team. Reina puts her arms around me and hugs me tight.
“You didn’t screw up. You fell in love. We all want to find a great guy to be with. Does it suck that it happened on a mission? Let alone, with a guy who’s a suspect? Yes, it does. But Jane and I agree that you are valuable to us as both an employee, and as part of our family. Besides, we all know how talented Stella is. You should be fine for short-term assignments if she disguises you. Your place with us is secure.”
“You’re sure?” I ask as I pull away to look at her.
“Yes. We need you, Ainsley. And we love you.”
“I love you, too.”
“Now that this is all settled, I’ll leave you to your cooking and your man.”
“I’m not sure when he’ll be here, but thanks.”
There’s a knock at my door and I look over to Reina, who shrugs. “I saw him on the security monitor. I’ll let him in on my way out.”
She kisses my cheek and walks to the door. When she opens it, Zack grabs her. “I couldn’t wai—oh shit, you’re not Ainsley. I’m so sorry. I didn’t know she had company.” He immediately lets her go and steps away.
“It’s fine, Zack. I’m Reina.” She holds out her hand, and they shake. “We saw each other at the ball, but it’s nice to officially meet you.”
“Yeah, you too.” He still looks embarrassed and I fall a little more in love with him.
“I’ll see you later, Ainsley.”
“Bye.” She closes the door behind her, and I smile at Zack. “Are you going to come over here and grab me now?”
“Are you making fun of me?” he asks as he walks to me.
“No. I’m loving that you’re always yourself with me. And my friends.”
“Honesty is important to me, Ains. Probably the most important thing. You’re always honest with me, so why wouldn’t I be honest when I’m with you?”
My heart sinks because I’m not being honest with him, but I’ve been trained well enough to keep a smile on my face as I answer him. “I’m so glad to have you in my life.”
“The feeling is mutual.”
He cups my cheeks with his hands and kisses me sweetly. I wrap my arms around his back to pull him close. When we break apart, we continue holding onto each other for another few moments. It feels nice to hug him.
“I should probably finish dinner.”
“I thought you were ordering in.”
“I was going to, but I didn’t know how long your meeting would take.” I turn around and put the veggies in a pan to cook. Then I start prepping the chicken for the oven.
“Too long. Let me help.”
“No. You grab a beer and sit on the couch. You played a hard game. Actually, if you want, my bathtub doubles as a Jacuzzi. You can soak while I cook if you’d like.”
“I was hoping we’d soak together.”
“If we get in that tub together, none of your muscles will be relaxing.”
“True. Very, very true. You don’t mind if I soak? I really feel like I should help you, but I’m also a little sore.”
“Go,” I tell him as I swat his butt this time.
“Yes, boss,” he tells me as he leans over to kiss me before heading up the stairs.
I finish dinner and carry our plate upstairs. Zack left the bathroom door open, which makes it easier for me to sneak in. He has his eyes closed and headphones in, as the water swirls around his glorious body. I quietly set the plate down and take a pic with my cell phone. It’s just for me, and not going anywhere near a Cloud, but I had to have it.
I drag the little step stool I have over to the side of the tub and perch there with our food. I don’t want to scare Zack, so I lean over and lightly brush my lips over his. He smiles and takes his headphones out before opening his eyes.
“Hi.”
“Hi. You brought the food to me?”
“Yeah. I figured you could soak a little longer if I fed you.”
“You’re going to feed me?”
“Yes…I mean…if that’s okay…if you want me to. Is that too weird?”
“Why are you nervous, babe? We not only had sex all over this apartment yesterday, but you know you’re one of the best friends I’ve ever had in my life. In addition to being my first real girlfriend.”
“All of those reasons are why I’m nervous. I’ve never had sex like that, and while I’m pretty sure you enjoyed it, I’m still nervous that I did something wrong. I would never want to lose our friendship because I love just spending time talking to you. And you have to remember, you’re my first boyfriend. I don’t know what I’m supposed to do to keep you.”
He’s out of the tub and kneeling in front of me before I can say anything else. He grabs the plate from my hand and uses his long arm to place it by the sink. He takes my hands in his and looks me in the eye. “Enjoyed it? Yesterday was hands down the best sex I’ve ever had. Nothing I’ve ever done with another woman has come close. I’m pretty sure it’s because I never cared for anyone else the way I care for you. Fuck, I’m just going to say it. I love you, Ainsley. There’s no more falling going on. I’m already there. Nothing you could ever do would be wrong. I love everything you do. Not to mention, I find it all incredibly hot. Bringing me the food you cooked while I’m soaking my muscles in your bathtub? Hot. Five alarm fire hot, babe.
“I don’t ever want to lose our friendship either. I have so much fun with you, even when you’re calling me on my bullshit. I feel like I can talk to you about anything, and you’ll react honestly. Donaldson told me today that I’m going to screw things up with you. I’m so scared that he’s right. I still don’t know what someone so brilliant, sexy, and beautiful would want with a reformed man-whore who can’t stop himself from flirting.”
“We’ll both have to try our best not to screw up. And since I was the one who reformed the man-whore, I’m not letting him go. Flirting is okay. I know you have to do it. And that it’s just in your nature to be charming. You’ve stopped signing and touching women’s breasts, and I appreciate that. I’ve also seen you move hands off your ass lately.”
“I only want to charm you. And touch your magnificent breasts. My ass is owned, so no one else should have their hands on it.”
“Owned, huh?”
“You own all of me, Ains. I’m yours for as long as you’ll have me.”
“Forever works. Is there anything I can do, though? I really want to know if there’s something you want from me.”
“There is something I want. But it has to come from you when you’re ready. If you’re ready.”
“What is it?”
“Just three little words.”
“Oh my God—I didn’t say it back, did I? I love you, Zack. I do. I love you.”
“That’s a relief.”
“Were you really worried?”
“Honestly? Yeah, a little. I’ve been an ass for much of our friendship.”
“But you’ve been wonderful since you became my boyfriend.”
“Almost 24 hours. That has to be a record.”
“Now that this is all settled, you should get back in the Jacuzzi.”
“Just as long as you realize that you’re going to be joining me in there.”
“With the jersey still on, right?”
“Oh yeah. The jersey may get moved around, but it’s definitely staying on tonight.”
* * *
Zack
I wake up to a pillow whacking me over the head. “What the fuck?” I grab Ainsley and roll her over, pinning her to the bed beneath me.
“I tried waking you up nicely, but it didn’t work. We have to get to the stadium!”
“Well maybe if some sexy goddess hadn’t fucked me into a near coma a few hours ago, I’d be able to get up on time.”
“This is my fault? If I remember correctly, our last time occurred while you had me bent over the bed.”
“You were bucking into me. It made me so crazy I couldn’t think straight.”
“You going to tell Coach that’s why we’re late?”
“Hell no. I’m going to keep my mouth shut and run my laps.”
“Good answer. Now hurry up and shower.”
We walk into the medical area of the stadium a half hour later, and Coach immediately storms over to us. “You’re late. This better not become a habit,” he yells as he glares at Ainsley.
“Don’t look at her. She was whacking me over the head with a pillow, trying to wake me up on time.”
“Well maybe if she’d kept her legs closed last night, you’d be on time for your check-up.”
Ainsley gasps as I grab him by the shirt and get in his face. “I don’t care who you are. If you ever talk about her like that again, I’ll end you.”
“I’d fire him before it came to that. Apologize to her,” Jack Rivers says to him, looking like he wants to get in his face, too.
“Are you kidding?” Coach asks.
“No. I’m dead serious. What you just said is considered sexual harassment and Ainsley could sue us for it. Putting that aside, she is a valuable member of my staff and deserves respect. I won’t stand for you speaking to her like that.”
“Damn laws. A man can’t be a man anymore.”
“That wasn’t an apology.”
“I’m not giving one. She can sue me, and you can suspend me. But she shouldn’t be working here when all she wants is to fuck our star players.”
I start to move, but Ainsley grabs my arm. “I got this, Zack.” She turns to Coach. “I’m here because Jack asked me to help you. I know I’ve helped this team. I am not here to ‘fuck’ the players. I’m with Zack for the man he is, and not the player.”
“Player is the right word for him.”
“At least he has some play, Kevin. And he treats me with respect. You talked to me like I was an idiot when we met, which is why we didn’t even make it to one date.”
Hearing Ainsley defend herself and me is hot. Really hot. I like that she doesn’t need me to take care of her. Although, I definitely can and would if it came down to it. I’m pretty sure she knows that.
“Go home, Jim. You’re suspended for the week, unless you apologize to Ainsley.”
“This team is a joke, anyway. I’m not apologizing. See how you do without a head coach.”
“This team has won every pre-season game so far, and the rest of the coaching staff can step up. You’re not irreplaceable.”
“Good luck with that.” I see him share a look with Donaldson as he storms out.
“The show’s over everyone. Get your physicals and enjoy your days off. I’ll see you all back here on Wednesday. Ainsley, can I speak to you for a few minutes?”
“Sure.” She turns to me. “I’ll see you after your physical.”
I nod. “I’ve got laps after. If I don’t see you by then, I’ll hang out in the lobby.”
“Thanks.” She smiles at me before walking out with Jack.
I pass my post-game physical, and head to the indoor track. I’ve done one lap, when Ainsley jogs onto the track next to me. “What’re you doing, babe?”
“Running with you. It was partially my fault that you were late. Plus, I thought it would be cool to work out together today. If you want.”
“Actually, I really wanted to go solo today. I just need to clear my head. I’m sorry, but I just really need to be alone right now.”
“Oh. I mean, sure, yeah.”
She stops running and I feel like shit as I keep going. But I really do need some time to think. Over the past few days, I’ve made decisions to change where I want to live my life and who I want to live it with. Dex put some thoughts in my head, and while I blocked them out last night, what happened this morning brought them all back to the front of my mind. Should I really be making all my decisions based on what Ainsley wants? Why am I the only one sacrificing? I love her, but if she loves me too, she should be offering to make changes as well.
I don’t have time to think about it further as the ground rumbles beneath me, and the track starts to crumble in front of me. I manage to jump to the side as the area I was running on crumbles away. What the fuck? I look over the side once the ground stops shaking, and see that the weight room has been destroyed by the rubble from the track collapsing above it. I hope to God that no one was down there.
“Zack,” Ainsley yells as she comes through the door to the track with Donaldson, Jack, and the stadium security. “Oh my God. You’re okay.”
“I am. I jumped out of the way.”
“That’s really lucky. I don’t know that I could’ve done that if I’d been taken by surprise.”
“I guess I have better reflexes than you, Donaldson.” I turn to security. “What the hell happened?”
“There was a small explosion. Luckily no one was in the weight room. You were alone up here, right?”
“Yeah. I wanted to run alone.”
I look over to Ainsley, and she has a weird look on her face. I can only describe it as suspicious, but that can’t be right. I’ll ask her about it later.
Police arrive a couple minutes later and separate everyone so they can ask us what happened and what we might’ve seen. I’m pretty sure my interviews take the longest. I expect to see Ainsley waiting for me when I get done, but she’s not in the lobby. I ask the receptionist if she’s seen her, and she tells me that my girl got a ride home from one of her friends. What the fuck? I really don’t need this drama on top of almost getting killed today. This is why I don’t do more than sleep with women. I have more to think about now than I did earlier, so I head home to call my sister.
Chapter 10
Ainsley
I called Faith to pick me up from the stadium. I need to talk to Reina and Jane, and I also didn’t want to see Zack. It hurt me when he told me he didn’t want me with him. And getting me off the track before the explosion now makes him look even guiltier.
“Okay. Zack got you off the track before the explosion. And he wanted off the team until the two of you got together. But he met with his agent after the game yesterday, which could mean he changed his mind. Did he act any differently with you last night?”
“No. Not at all.”
“I have to say this, Ainsley. I’m sorry, but could he be playing you? I know you haven’t broken cover, but could he just be using you to try and prove that he doesn’t want to be traded while he sabotages the team?”
“I don’t know, Reina. It all feels so real. But I’ve never had a boyfriend before, so I could’ve missed things because I don’t know what to expect.”
“I hope it’s real. I do. But we have to look at everything.”
“I know. That’s why I’m here. I’m not keeping anything from you.”
“We know that, dear. You wouldn’t protect him if he was guilty. It’s not in your nature. You also wouldn’t lie to us. You wouldn’t be here if we didn’t trust you. It’s Zack Taylor that we’re not sure of. If he is just using you, I’ll unleash the girls on him. But I hope you’re right, and he loves you like you obviously love him.”
“I do love him, Jane. I’m so sorry. I didn’t expect this.”
“You can’t control love. And you should never be sorry about it. I meant what I said, though. If this young man is playing with your emotions, he’ll be very sorry.”
“Yes, he will. We wouldn’t even have to order it. The girls would take care of him on their own. I’d take care of him.” Reina’s eyes flash, and I know she means it.
“I appreciate all of you looking out for me. If he meant what he said about just needing space, I’ll give it to him. I won’t initiate contact, if that’s okay.”
“Of course. You need to protect yourself, and we need to see what he’s up to.”
I check in with my tech team. They’re all on track and keeping things running while I’m undercover. Once I’m done, I head home. I stop at the gate to tell them not to let Zack in without calling me. It’s time to start protecting myself.
* * *
Zack
Two days without Ainsley has made me crazy, yet it also helped me think clearly. The fact that she didn’t reach out to me is making me realize that I shouldn’t make life decisions based entirely on someone else. I’m not ready to look into a trade again yet because with the exception of Donaldson, I really like the guys on the team. And Jack and Lindsey Rivers are great to work for. Even without Ainsley, this may be the place for me.
She’s on the field when I walk out for practice. She’s talking with the coaches, and while they greet me, she ignores me. I try to catch her eye a few more times over the next few hours, but she won’t look at me. Fuck it. I’m not going to continue to look like an idiot and chase after her.
When practice is over, I head to the stands to greet the fans. I’m back to the old Zack Taylor, kissing cheeks and signing tits. I don’t grab any, but I do let the women grab me. I’ll admit that it doesn’t feel right, but I play along. Until I look over and see tears running down Ainsley’s face as she runs for the tunnel.
I extricate myself from the fans and go after her. She’s almost to the outside doors when I catch her and grab her arm. She spins towards me and punches me in the jaw. I jerk back from the impact. Damn, she knows how to throw a punch.
“What the fuck was that for?”
“Seriously? You claim you love me and then you go out there acting like you used to.”
“You claim you love me, and yet you didn’t call me at all these last two days. I was almost killed and you don’t seem to care.”
“You told me you wanted to be alone. You sent me away. I was giving you the space you wanted.”
“I just had things to think about. I didn’t mean that I wanted to be away from you for two days.”
“You should’ve called me, then. Not let those women climb all over you and grab your ass. So much for being owned, huh?”
“I’m trying to figure this out, just like you are.”
“Yeah, well, at least I know enough not to be kissing other men or letting them put their hands on me.”
Just the thought of those things makes me want to kill someone. And cry. Shit! I’ve screwed up. Again. But this time is really bad. I told her I love her and then acted like it was a lie. We should’ve called each other, yeah. We’re both wrong there. But I went too far today.
“I’m sorry. You didn’t call, and then you wouldn’t even look at me. I was hurt. I thought you didn’t really care. But I know that’s no excuse for what just happened out there.”
“No. It’s not.”
“How can I make it up to you?”
“I don’t know, Zack.”
“Can I buy you lunch?”
“No.”
Fuck. This is bad. We always have lunch together after practice. “Can I sit at the same table with you while you buy your own lunch?”
She sighs before answering. “Yes. I’ll be at Blueberry Hill.”
“I’ll go shower and see you there.”
I rush through my shower and get dressed quickly, leaving my hair completely untouched. It’s not my looks that I’m going to need to convince Ainsley to give me another chance. She’s not that girl. I need to show her that she matters. I have an idea, and I hope it works.
I drive to the restaurant as fast as I can without getting pulled over. When I walk in, I see her seated at a booth. I want to slide in next to her like I usually do, but I know I have to earn that right again. Or not. She looks upset that I didn’t sit with her.
The waitress comes over and takes my order, then I tell Ainsley how I feel. “I wanted to sit next to you, but I didn’t think you’d want me to. I thought I had to prove myself again.”
“I don’t want you to ‘prove yourself’ Zack. I just want you to be the man I think you are. The one who cares about me. I need to know that the things you said to me were real, and you weren’t just playing me to get me to sleep with you.”
She looks down, and I feel like an even bigger ass. I did this. I made her doubt me. Doubt us. I reach over the table and tilt her chin back up.
“I love you, Ainsley. I have never said that to another woman other than my sister. I don’t take those words lightly. I hate that I’ve made you doubt me. I’ve never lied to you. I acted like an ass today, and I’m afraid that I’ll probably be stupid again. I’m terrified and sometimes that makes me do idiotic things. I don’t want to lose you.”
“Why did you send me away on the track?”
“Honestly?” I don’t want to keep fighting with her, but I guess we need to get this all out now.
“Well, I don’t want you to lie.”
“Dex said some things to me, and then with what happened in the locker room…well, I just wanted to think about some things.”
“Things like me?”
“Yes. I’m giving up everything I thought I wanted in order to stay here in Las Vegas.”
“You’re changing your mind?”
“No. But I can’t help but wonder about how committed you are to me. I mean, I said I’d stay for you and you said you wouldn’t go for me.”
“I-I can’t leave, Zack.”
“Because you have friends here. I have a sister in the place I want to go. Why is there no room for compromise on your part?”
“It’s complicated.”
“I’m baring my soul to you. Why can’t you do the same? I thought you were different because you didn’t want the star, but I think you’re worse. You want everything from me, but won’t give me anything in return.”
“I’m giving you me. That’s not enough?”
“If it was the whole you, it would be. But you’re only offering me a part of yourself. I’m not sure if I can deal with only having that little bit. I thought it would be enough, but sitting here across from you, I realize that although I’m an asshole, I deserve everything from the woman I love. Believe it or not, you’re the one who showed me that.”
“You do deserve everything.”
“But you won’t give it to me, will you?”
“I can’t, Zack. I love you so much. Please let that be enough.”
“I don’t know. I need to think about this. About us. This isn’t the end. I promise you that. I just need a little more time to think. Can you give me that?”
“Yes. I do love you.”
“I know. I love you, too. I’ll call you soon, okay?”
She nods, and I take out my wallet and throw down some money on the table. Then I slide out of the booth and walk out of the diner. I mean what I said. Things aren’t over with her. I love her too much for that. But I do need time to come to terms with everything.
* * *
Ainsley
I let Zack walk away four days ago, and I’ve barely made it out of bed since. I couldn’t tell him everything, so there was no reason to try and stop him. He was right. He deserves everything from me. I can’t give it to him, so I should step aside. I can’t though. I love him too much.
I went to the game today because I needed to do my job. I called in sick to the team the last few days, while the girls took turns sitting with me. But I owe it to everyone to see this mission through.
It was torture, Zack wouldn’t look at me. He also ignored me in the locker room. I know he’s going to ignore me tonight at the party, but that doesn’t mean I’m going to hide. Gary and Maggie Griffin are hosting a party to celebrate the end of the pre-season, and I’m going to do what I can to make Zack notice me.
Stella found me a killer dress. It’s a black halter dress made of chiffon. It’s backless and the front drops into a deep V. The chiffon pieces fall in different lengths, covering almost everything. On the sides, there’s only one layer of fabric to my hip. I’ve got on strappy heels and my hair and makeup are flawless. If he really doesn’t want me, I’ll back off. But I’m not going down without a fight.
I walk into the backyard and smile as I see my friends. Faith planned the menu, so she’s playing the part of the attentive caterer. Audrey and Isabelle are Maggie’s girls, so they always attend Griffin functions, while Jade and Darcy are just mingling. Jane and Reina are here of course, as is Matt. My smile fades as I see Zack.
He’s flanked by the women who always gravitate to him at these parties, only this time he’s not pushing them away. He’s laughing and flirting with them. He said we weren’t over, but it looks like he’s moved on already. I should’ve known that he didn’t mean it. He just said that to stop me from causing a scene.
My steps falter, and I would’ve fallen if Zane didn’t grab my arm. His mom, Helen, is one of the Society leaders. “Thanks.”
“He’s an ass.”
“I love him.”
“He’s still an ass.”
“I couldn’t tell him the truth about why I won’t leave Las Vegas.”
“You’ve only known him a month. He should be fine with you telling him a little at a time. Would he have been your one? The man you told?”
“Yes.”
“Like I said, ass. Any guy would be lucky to have any part of you, Ainsley. And you deserve better than that.”
I look over and Zack’s smirking at me as the women rub his arms, kiss his cheeks, and whisper in his ear. I flip him off and grab Aiden as he walks by, swinging around to kiss him. He is one of Matt’s ex-military friends, who also works for Corrigan & Co. I catch him off guard, but he plays along.
“Thanks,” I whisper to him as I pull away from him.
“If looks could kill, I’d be dead.”
“He started it with those women.”
“I’m hotter than them, though.”
“True. You are a little too pretty to have been in the military.”
“Looks can be deceiving, Little Mouse. I may not look as scary as Matt, but I’m just as deadly.”
“I never doubted that.”
He kisses me once more on the cheek and then steps away. “I’m going to run along now, since I’m not in the mood for a fight tonight.”
I don’t understand what he means until I smell Zack behind me. The perfume on him can’t fully disguise the scent that is uniquely his. I don’t turn around. I won’t blink first.
“What was that, Ains?”
“It was a kiss. I think you’re familiar with the concept.”
“You just kiss random guys now? I thought—I mean, I told you…”
I hear the barely controlled anger in his voice. And the hurt. He can fuck off, though. He has no right to act like he was wronged. He was baiting me with those women. I just struck back harder.
“You just made it very clear that it’s none of your business.”
“The fuck it’s not my business. You are mine.”
I turn then. “No, Zack, I’m not. If I was yours, you would’ve kissed me after your touchdown today, and we would’ve walked in here together. I wanted to be yours more than I’ve ever wanted anything in my life. But you don’t really want me. If you did, you’d take what I can give you, knowing that I’ll tell you all my secrets when I can. And you wouldn’t have thrown those women in my face. You said we weren’t over, and I’ve held onto hope the last few days while I cried myself to sleep every night. But you just made sure I knew that there isn’t hope for us. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have some mingling to do.”
“It was nothing. They’re nothing to me. I wasn’t going to do anything with them.”
“Have you noticed how often you say those words to me? It’s gotten old, fast. And just for the record, Aiden’s not ‘nothing’ to me.”
I walk away before he can respond. I manage to smile as I walk through the crowd. It isn’t until I’m safely in one of the guest rooms that I let myself fall apart. The door opens, and Audrey rushes in. She grabs me in her arms and holds me tight.
“We’ll kill the bastard. They’ll never find all the pieces of him when we’re done.”
“No. I don’t want him hurt. At least not physically.”
“He’s not getting away with doing this to you.”
“I just want to forget him. Forget how it felt to have him hold me, kiss me, and…oh God. Why? Why did I fall in love, Audrey? I know better. I know I’m not good enough.”
“Not good enough? Chica, you are better than most people I’ve met in my life. As for falling in love, it’s not something you can help.”
“How have you done it? You’ve been doing missions for almost ten years.”
“I just haven’t found the ‘one’ I guess. I’ve dated lots of guys. And I even thought I was in love once. Not with a mission guy, it was someone I went to school with. But it didn’t work out, and I haven’t been ‘wowed’ by anyone since. I won’t settle for anything less than real love.”
“I thought this was real.”
“I know. We’re all here for you.”
“Thanks. I’m going to wash up, and then I need to go back out there. I can’t let him win.”
“That’s my girl. I’ll see you in a few minutes.”
* * *
Zack
It’s a couple of hours later, and I’m drowning my sorrows at one of the bars. Alone. I shouldn’t have flirted with those chicks, or let them put their mouths on me. I knew it before I did it. I knew it when I was doing it. And I damn well knew it when Ainsley kissed that guy. Who apparently ‘means something to her.’ Going all caveman on her after the fact was just the icing on the cake. Because that was the right course of action after flirting with other women to try and make her jealous enough to spill her secrets. At least she didn’t include her tongue in that kiss. There has to be a silver lining somewhere in all of this.
“You played a good game, Taylor.”
I turn to see Scott Griffin standing next to me. He’s a tech genius and, from what I hear, a pretty cool guy. He’s covered in tats and has a couple of piercings, but the sneer that’s currently on his face makes him look even more bad-ass. Why is he sneering at me after giving me a compliment?
“Thanks.”
“Too bad the game you’re playing with Ainsley is majorly fucked up. We could’ve been friends, but now you’ve fallen firmly into enemy territory.”
“What does my relationship with her have to do with you?”
“Ainsley and I have been friends since college. She’s like a sister to me.”
“Oh, I see. You’re one of the guys who didn’t notice her in college.”
“News flash—we all noticed her. We just knew we weren’t good enough for her so we made sure to become good friends instead. You should’ve known you weren’t good enough either, before you chose to fuck with her. Because now you’ve acquired some enemies I can guarantee you don’t want. I’d wish you luck, but since I’m going to enjoy destroying you, I don’t think that would be very polite of me.”
“You’re threatening me?”
“No. I’m just giving you the only warning you’re going to get. I’d sleep with one eye open if I were you.”
“That’s enough, Scott.”
“He’s not getting away with this, Ainsley.”
“I can handle him on my own. Go be with your beautiful wife and baby.”
She hugs him and kisses his cheek. He walks away, but not without glaring at me. I turn to Ainsley and see that she’s been crying. My heart sinks even further.
“I’ll do my best to get my friends to leave you alone. They’re very protective of me.”
“I’ve noticed. I have to admit that having a tech genius threaten to destroy me is more than a little scary. It trumps anything that could happen on the field. That I can handle. I don’t know what to do against Scott Griffin.”
“If he doesn’t listen to me, I’ll undo anything he does to you.”
“You can do that?”
“Yes. I can.”
“Why aren’t you working for him? Or some other company?”
“I love football.”
I know that’s not the whole answer. I have a decision to make. Do I keep pushing her and demanding that she tell me more? Or do I take what I can get with her, which is honestly more than I ever thought I’d have with anyone? I’m not always an idiot, so I’ll opt for option number two.
“Is there any chance that I could still have the part of you you’re willing to give to me?”
“I can’t keep going through this, Zack. There are things I may never be able to tell you. I need to know you can accept that. And not run off to other women. Even if you’re only doing it to hurt me. Because I don’t want to keep being hurt.”
“I don’t want to hurt you. Although I may not act like it, that’s the last thing I want to do. Will you be my girlfriend again?”
“What about your friends over there?” She nods towards the chicks I was with when she walked in. Their eyes are shooting daggers at Ainsley.
“They’re not my friends. And I’ll never let them within ten feet of me again. I swear it.”
“We’ve never been on a date, Zack. Plan a date for us, and if I like it, then maybe I’ll be your girlfriend again. You’re going to have to put out an effort so I know you’re really invested in trying to make this work.”
“I can do that. I already have another surprise for you, but I’ll plan an amazing date for you.”
“I’ll look forward to it. Goodnight, Zack.”
“Can I kiss you before you leave?”
“I don’t think that’s a good idea. You embarrassed me, and kissing you after that would be even more embarrassing.”
Damn it. “What about you? You said that guy means something to you.”
“He’s a friend. He was doing me a favor by playing along.”
“You have a lot of interesting and unexpected friends.”
“You have no idea.”
“I need to have my mouth on you, Ains. Please let me kiss you. You look so hot in this dress, I can barely stand it,” I tell her as I reach out and finger the material at her hip.
“People will think I’m just like them if I let you kiss me, Zack.”
“Not after they see the way I kiss you.”
She looks into my eyes for a minute and nods. I lean forward to cup her cheek with my hand. I kiss her other cheek and then place little kisses all over her face. When I get to her mouth, I kiss and nibble at every inch of it. I have my other hand on her back and I feel her skin heating as I worship her mouth. When I lick across her lips, she opens for me on a moan. I don’t attack her like I want to, though. I continue taking it slow until she grabs the jacket of my tux and pulls me to her, attacking my mouth.
She pulls back after a couple of minutes, and I hug her tight. “Sorry about that. I know you were taking it slow for me.”
“I’m not complaining.”
“Does it make me weak if I want you to ask me to go home with you?”
I lean back and look her in the eye. “You want to go home with me?”
She nods. “Yes, but I feel like I shouldn’t. We aren’t even officially back together yet.”
“How about you come over, and we make out for a little while. If you still feel weird about taking it further, you can sleep in one of the guest rooms.”
“That sounds really good. I’ll go home and change. Just give me your address, and I’ll meet you at your place.”
“No.”
“No? You just said yes.”
“I meant, no don’t change. Please. I want my hands inside this dress.”
“The shoes, too?” she asks me with a twinkle in her eyes, motioning to her strappy heels. Fuck me heels indeed.
“Oh yeah, those definitely need to stay on.”
“I had a feeling you’d say that.”
“You know me so well.”
She turns serious. “I want to, Zack.”
“You know me better than anyone, babe. Except Sierra, of course.”
She mumbles something that sounds like “I hope so.” Before I can ask her about it, she kisses my cheek and walks away. I watch her say goodbye to everyone, as I leave. I’ve never been one for goodbyes.
Chapter 11
Ainsley
I’m parked in Zach’s driveway, trying to will myself to do something. I just can’t decide if that something should be going inside or leaving. Most of the girls voted for me leaving, or not coming here at all. Tegan, Jade, and Stella told me to just come and use him for his body. As if I could keep my emotions out of it. I love them, but I can’t detach like they do. Maybe it’s a good thing that I won’t be able to do a full mission again. I function much better behind a computer screen.
A knock on my window startles me. I look over to see Zack smiling at me from the other side of the door. He makes a motion for me to roll down my window. I do, biting my lip as I look at him. His tux is still on, minus the tie. He’s also untucked his shirt and unbuttoned a few of the buttons. Holy hotness.
“Trying to decide if you want to come inside?”
“Yeah. I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be. I’ll go back in there and leave you to it. There’s no pressure, Ains. Out here, or when you get in there. I hope you know that about me.”
“I do.” How could I not? He’s never pressured me. Yeah, he wanted me to get on my knees and acted like an ass when I wouldn’t, but that was after I’d told him I wanted to be with him.
“See you soon, or not. Either way, I’ve got our date for tomorrow planned.”
“Already?”
“You inspire me.”
He starts to walk away, but I call out to him. “Wait. I’m coming inside.”
“Why yes you are,” he says with a smirk, taking my words in a different way than I intended.
“Wipe that smirk off your face, or I’ll be the only one coming.”
“No you won’t. I’ll just jerk myself off like I’ve been doing the last few nights, thinking about you.”
I walk up to him and run a hand over his shirt. “If that’s an acceptable substitute for me, then by all means keep up the cocky asshole attitude.”
He opens his mouth, but nothing comes out. I’ve rendered him speechless. Never thought that would happen, but I have to admit that I’m a little proud of myself. He shakes his head, and when he speaks, I realize I just lost this round after all.
“No person or thing could ever be an acceptable substitute for you. Let’s go inside so I can romance you and make you come all night.”
He holds my hand as he walks me inside. I take in the beautiful architecture of his house, but notice there’s almost nothing in here. He really did intend to leave. The living room has a large couch that would be wide enough to sleep on comfortably, a few tables, and a TV. He tugs me to the couch, and I sit next to him.
We kiss for over an hour. Just kissing, but it’s so hot I think I may implode. It’s a mix of little kisses, hot passionate kisses, and melt my panties tongue kisses.
When Zack pushes the pieces of my halter top aside, I’m more than ready to take things further.
“Fuck. I love your tits. But what are these?”
He’s talking about the little nipple covers Stella gave me. “They’re so no one could see my nipples harden when I was near you.”
“Your nipples get hard when you’re near me?” he asks as he pulls the covers off. “Oh, I guess they do. A part of me gets hard when I’m near you, too. But mine’s a lot harder.”
So it’s a competition then, huh? I can play, too. “I get wet, too.”
His eyes flash and then his smirk is back. “So do I.”
“Seriously? You get wet?”
He takes off his pants and boxer briefs so I can see the pre-cum glistening at the top of his perfect cock. “Yeah, baby, I’m wet.”
I can’t resist. Before I can even think about what I’m doing, I lean over and lick it off. “Yum.”
I’m instantly on my back, and he’s got his mouth on me, sucking a nipple into it. Instead of playing with the other one, his free hand pushes the material of my dress up and plunges two fingers into me. He lifts his head to look at me as I arch my back. “You’ve been without panties all night?”
I nod, and now I’m the one smirking. “I was hoping I wouldn’t need them.”
“You don’t.”
He continues lavishing attention on my breasts as he works his fingers in and out. I’m close. Really close, and he can feel it. He releases my nipple with a pop and moves down my body. My dress is around my waist as he watches his fingers pump in an out for a few seconds before his mouth descends on me.
He’s licking and sucking me, and my hands move to my breasts. They’re wet from his mouth and tongue, and I can’t help but play with them. I never knew I could be so bold. Neither did Zack. His eyes widen when he looks up at me. Then I feel him smile against my clit as he ramps up his efforts. The triple sensations have me going over in a matter of seconds. “Zack!” I scream as I come hard, bucking against his mouth and fingers.
He doesn’t stop, though. He slowed down as I came, but he starts pumping his fingers and working me over with his mouth again. “I need at least one more before I’m inside you, Ains. Play with your tits again for me. I want to watch you while I lick you.”
Oh God. Yes, I want that too. I can’t say it though. I’ve lost all ability to speak as I help him bring me over again. It’s even more intense the second time. He kisses the inside of my thighs for a few minutes as I writhe beneath him.
“Please, Zack. I need you.”
“I’ve got you. I just need to grab a condom.”
“No you don’t. I’m clean and on the pill. I know you’re clean, too.”
He stiffens. “I don’t do that. Birth control isn’t one hundred percent. Even if it was, what if you forgot?”
Now I’m the one freezing. “Forgot? You mean on purpose. I see it in your eyes. You really think I’d try to trap you with a baby?”
“I’ve got to protect myself.”
“Fuck you, Zack. Or actually, don’t.”
I push him away from me as I get up. I pull my top back over my breasts as I head for the door. I don’t make it there, though.
“Wait. Don’t go,” Zack says as he gets in front of me. “I’m sorry. I know you wouldn’t do that.”
“You’re saying the words, but I can still see in your eyes that you are worried.”
He closes his eyes and takes a deep breath before opening them again. “I’m trying, Ains. Really trying to get past my fears. I know you wouldn’t ever try to trap me. I’m sorry I reacted the way I did. Can we just go back to the couch and start again? Even at the beginning with just the kissing?”
“I just want to go to sleep.”
He picks up my bag from where I’d left it in the foyer when we walked in earlier. “You don’t need to drive home to do that. I’ll show you to the guest room.”
I follow him up the stairs. He stops at the first door on the right and opens it. I see a pretty, feminine room. “This is Sierra’s room?”
“Yes. It’s the only room besides mine that has furniture in it. I’m at the end of the hall if you need me.”
“I won’t, but thanks,” I tell him as I squeeze by him and into the room. I turn and hold out my hand for my bag. He hands it to me and I close the door on him. I won’t pretend that he didn’t hurt me downstairs. That wouldn’t be fair to either one of us.
* * *
Zack
Damn it. I just can’t stop opening my fucking mouth and saying the wrong things. I know Ainsley would never try to trap me, but I said it anyway. And now I’m in bed alone. Instead of being bare for the first time in my life inside of the woman I love. “Dumbass” doesn’t even begin to describe me.
I need to talk to someone so I dial Sierra’s number. It’s late, but I know she’ll answer for me. It rings about fifteen times before she does, though. “What’s wrong, Zack?” she asks sounding out of breath.
“Are you okay? You sound out of breath.”
“I was busy. But you wouldn’t call this late unless it’s an emergency, so I had to answer.”
“Busy? You’re with a guy? Does he know who I am and what I would do to him if he hurt you?”
“Did you call to discuss my sexcapades, or because you actually needed something?”
“I screwed up again.”
“With Ainsley?”
“Yeah.”
“Something else since I talked to you after the game?”
“Yep.”
“Seriously?” I don’t answer her. “Go ahead. Hit me with it.”
“I pretty much accused her of trying to trap me by getting pregnant.”
“What? She’s pregnant?”
“No. She’s not pregnant. She said she was on the pill and clean, so we didn’t need a condom.”
“And you accused her of wanting to trap you? Are you insane? Her saying that meant she trusted you.”
“I think I am insane. I know what it meant, but I fucked up and now I just don’t know how to fix it.”
“I’m guessing she left and said she never wanted to talk to you again.”
“No. She’s actually in my guest room. I’m sure she plans to leave first thing in the morning.”
“Then you need to make her want to stay.”
“I got her off twice before we fought. If that’s not enough, I don’t know what is.”
“You need to stop thinking with your dick. She needs more than sex. Wow her.”
“How?”
“You need to figure that out. And I need to go back to my date. Talk to you soon.”
I hang up, and think about how to wow Ainsley. Whatever I’m going to do is going to have to come from this house. Which means I don’t have much to work with. But if I leave, with my luck, she’ll go home the second I step outside.
I walk around, and when I’m in my living room, it hits me. I know what I can do. She has to walk past this room to leave, so she won’t be able to miss it. I run to my home office to get started. When I head to my bedroom hours later, I think I may actually have a chance.
* * *
Ainsley
I tossed and turned most of the night. Knowing that Zack’s so close was killing me. I wasn’t going to give in, though. I need him to trust me. I know I haven’t been totally honest with him, but in every way that matters I’ve told him the truth.
Now I’m sitting on this bed trying to figure out what to do. I know I should leave, but it feels like it really will be the end if I do that. I don’t want it to be the end. I want us to work this out. I’m just at a loss as to how to make that happen. Maybe we just need some more space.
I get dressed and walk out into the hall. I can smell breakfast and hear Zack cooking. Is he cooking for me? I almost feel bad enough to detour to the kitchen. Almost. I keep walking and nearly fall over when I see what’s on the wall over the fireplace in the living room.
Where it was blank yesterday, today there’s a giant collage with words, binary code, and me. It takes me a minute to decode the group of binary code in my head. The big group in the middle says “you’re every minute of my every day” and then there’s “love,” “beautiful,” “brilliant,” and “sexy,” in both binary and English. The pictures of me are mostly from the games and parties. Some feature Zack and me when we’re kissing or dancing. He must’ve gotten them from press sites. There are some selfies we took together, and I notice he also took some covert pics of me as well. I smile as I see he put some clip art pics of computers all around. Then I’m crying. Happy tears this time. It’s the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen, and hands down the most wonderful thing anyone’s ever done for me.
“You don’t like it? Fuck. I thought you’d like it.”
“I love it Zack,” I tell him as I launch myself into his arms. “Thank you.”
“I love you, Ains. I wanted you to know that I realize how much I keep screwing up, but you do own my heart even if it may not seem like it sometimes.”
“Just your heart now, huh?” I tease him as I run my hands over his bare chest.
“No. You still own all of me. I thought you’d want to hear about my heart the most.”
“I do. But I also like knowing I can have the rest of you anytime,” I tell him as I slide my hand inside his briefs to stroke him.
He surprises me by pulling my hand out and stepping away. “Not yet. I mean, we can if you want. I definitely want. But I’m trying to woo you here, and I made breakfast. Then we have our date.”
“I smelled breakfast. You can feed me first, but I’m going to need at least a quickie before our date.”
“Quickie? Seriously. Have I ever been quick with you?”
“No. But you can do it. You can even come without me. I came twice last night, you just had your hand.”
“Let’s eat before all my food goes to waste, little vixen.”
I get an idea, so I go along with this whole food thing. Vixen is right. I don’t know what’s made me as bold as I plan to be, but I’m going with it. I let him lead me into the kitchen, where I see two plates with food on the table in the little breakfast nook.
“Why are there two plates?”
“I didn’t want to assume.”
I walk over and scrape all the food onto one plate. “Sit, please,” I say, motioning to the bench seat along the wall.
He smiles as he sits, and then his eyes darken as I push the table a little further away from him. When I reach under my dress and pull off my thong, I see his jaw clench.
“What’re you doing, babe.”
“Having a ride with my breakfast,” I tell him as I place the plate next to him and climb onto his lap.
“Fuck, this is going to be hot.”
I reach down and free his cock. “That’s the plan.” I realize I don’t have a condom, so I start to get off of him.
“Where are you going?”
“I forgot to grab a condom.”
“I thought we didn’t need one.”
“We don’t, but only if you’re sure.”
“I’m sure.”
I kiss him as I slide down onto him, not stopping until I’m seated comfortably on his lap. We both groan, but neither of us move. I break the kiss to grab a piece of bacon. I feed it to him one little piece at a time. I start to slowly move as I grab a mini pancake. I hold it up to his mouth, but he shakes his head.
“I need syrup.”
“I know,” I tell him as I grab the bottle.
I open it and pour some on my fingers. Then I rub it over my lips. He finally takes his bite and then licks my lips and fingers. I move a little faster on him, but not enough to get us done too fast. We continue for several minutes, as we feed each other breakfast. I can feel myself starting to build from the slow torture I’m inflicting on both of us.
“You can move faster, babe. I can feel that you need it. I need it, too. It feels so damn good to be inside you with nothing between us.”
I put down the fork I was holding and start to move faster as I place my hands on his shoulders. Zack nuzzles my neck, while whispering sexy things in my ear. When he pushes my dress down and starts pinching my nipples through my bra, I nearly fly off of him. He chuckles, kissing me hard. It’s too much all at once, and I go over the edge as I scream into his mouth. He moves his hands to my hips to hold me as he thrusts into me, taking an active part, now that I’ve found my release. A few pumps later, he’s shaking beneath me.
“Wow,” I tell him as he wraps me in his arms.
“More ‘wow’ than usual is what I hope you mean.”
“Can you put aside the cocky for a minute?”
“My ‘cocky’ is still inside you and getting hard again.”
“Really?”
“Yes, really. I know you can feel it. But we should finish breakfast.”
He lifts me off of him, holding me with one arm as he tucks himself back into his briefs. Then he turns me sideways on his lap and picks up our plate. I get a kiss in between every bite he feeds me.
“Thanks for spoiling me this morning, Zack.”
“You like it all?”
“I love it.”
“I wanted to show you how much you mean to me. I didn’t want you to leave.”
“I didn’t want to leave, but I thought I had to.”
He’s quiet for almost a minute. “This is good, right? What we have, it’s good?”
“I think so. I want it to be.”
“Me too. I want it more than anything. But is it really supposed to be this hard? I don’t want to fight all the time.”
“I don’t want to fight either. I know I react too fast sometimes, but I promise to try and take a step back to look at the situation first.”
“And I’m happy with the part of you that you can give me. I hope one day you can tell me all your secrets, but I love you enough to want to be with you regardless. Since you’re not lying to me about anything important it’s okay for now.”
“You’ll have to tell me all your secrets, too.”
“You know everything.”
“Every single thing?”
“Yes. If you think I haven’t told you something, just ask. I’ll tell you whatever you want to know.”
I decide to just go for it. “Who do you think is trying to sabotage the team?”
“I have no clue. I wish I did because I’d like to kick their ass. Well, maybe I’d thank them for shocking Donaldson since he’s such a jerk, but I could’ve been killed. And if I hadn’t sent you away…I can’t even think about anything happening to you. I just don’t know who would have anything to gain by destroying the team.”
“You could go play for the team you want if there’s no team here.”
He practically throws me off of him. “You think I’d do this shit? Put people in danger just to play somewhere else?”
“I hope not.”
“You hope not? Are you fucking kidding me?”
“I’m sorry, Zack. I just needed to be sure.”
“You should leave.”
“You told me to ask you anything.”
He turns and places his hands on the kitchen island. I see him physically trying to calm himself down. I wait, wanting him to say we’re okay, that he doesn’t want me to leave. I don’t think we can survive another break-up. If that’s even what these are. We haven’t even had our date today.
“I did tell you that. I didn’t expect you to accuse me of sabotaging the team, but I said anything, so I need to be okay with this.”
“I’m sorry. I just had to know.”
“Now you do. I mean, you do know, right?”
“Yes. I know you didn’t do those things.” And I do. He couldn’t fake his reaction. I’m not being naïve, he was really shocked.
“Okay. Let’s go get cleaned up and then we can meet in the living room to go on our date.”
“You don’t want to clean up together?”
“No. I need a few minutes alone right now.”
“Okay.”
I turn to go, but he grabs me and pulls me to him, hugging me tight. I wrap my arms around his waist and hold him back. “I love you, Ains.”
“I love you, too.”
“We’re fine, okay? I think this a good relationship thing. Being mature and taking a few minutes to calm down.”
“It probably is. I’ll see you in a few minutes.” He kisses the top of my head and lets me go.
Chapter 12
Zack
I hope Ainsley likes what I have planned for us. I changed it up a little after this morning because I thought of something perfect to do together. We can do everything I’d originally planned, after the first stop.
It got a little rocky this morning, but I think I handled it pretty well. I was shocked and really angry when she first asked me about the sabotage. When I thought about it, though, I realized that I did look a little suspicious. And that it’s better that she asked me instead of continuing to wonder if I was guilty.
I pull into a parking lot downtown near Main Street and pay the lot guy. I open Ainsley’s door and help her out of my SUV. “Our date is down here?”
“Part of it.”
“Okay. I’ve heard there are some cool places to eat down here.”
“There are. We’ll eat in a little while.”
I take her hand and lead her to the sidewalk. I stop in front of the first antique store we come to and start to open the door for us. “We’re antique shopping?”
“I was hoping you’d help me find some things for my place. I know it’s pretty barren, so I want to make it nicer for us.”
“I’d love to help you. You want antiques, though?”
“Not the fancy stuff, but I thought we could find a few cool pieces from the 50’s or 60’s. Then we can find a designer to take us to the interior design building over there.” I point behind us to the big World Market Center.
“Chloe Griffin is an awesome designer. You should hire her if she has time.”
“Maybe I will. Let’s see what we can find in the shops here first.”
We find some pretty cool stuff at the first couple of stores. It’s the third store that we go into that we make our biggest purchase at. We wander separately for a few minutes, and I find Ainsley running her hand along a very elaborate antique canopy bed. There are curved, gold bedposts and a padded headboard. I’ve never thought of an antique bed as sexy before, but there’s no other word for this one.
“You want this bed, babe?”
“It’s so beautiful, romantic, and, well, sexy. But you have a bed already.”
“It’s just a bed. I’m not attached to it.” I lean down because the salesperson is hovering. “This one is sexy, and I can just imagine all the ways I would take you on it. I’m buying it for us.”
“Can we change the padding from pink to dark purple?”
“Whatever you want. Pink isn’t exactly my color. Purple isn’t either, but I know you love it, so we can make the bedroom purple.”
“Really?”
“Yes, really. I want you to think of my house as yours too.”
“Maybe we can have a housewarming party when we’re done decorating it.”
“I don’t entertain, Ains. It’s not my thing. It’s just for us.”
“Oh. Okay.”
“You really want a party?”
“I’d like to have my friends over and maybe some of the guys from the team.”
“Let’s talk about it again when we’re done, okay?” I don’t want a party. At all. But I do want her to be happy, so I’ll consider it.
“I don’t want you to do something you’re not comfortable with. It’s not my house, and you don’t want a party. So consider the conversation over.”
“I just told you it’s now our house. But thank you for understanding. Your friends can come over whenever you want.”
I give her a little kiss and then motion the salesperson over. I buy the bed and some matching items they also had for the bedroom. I wasn’t expecting to have a romantic bedroom, but it’s turning out that way. And I really can’t wait to make love to her on that bed.
We walk back to the car, and then I drive us to the East Fremont area. It’s got some great restaurants and businesses. I want to take her to lunch at Carson Kitchen. I’ve heard that the food and drinks there are really good. I park close to the restaurant and take her hand again as we walk. I tell her where we’re having lunch, and I’m happy that she likes the choice.
“I’ve heard this place is good. I wanted to try it.”
“So, my date planning is going well so far?”
“You just bought the bed I liked. I’d say it’s going very well.”
“The bed was for both of us. And I liked all the things you picked out. Thanks for doing that with me.”
“You’re welcome. I like that you thought of something different for us to do.”
“I’ve got a few more surprises.”
“Good.”
We go inside and have a really good lunch. I have the Fried Green Tomato sandwich, and she has the Short Rib Sliders. We share a plate of baked mac and cheese. They have a nice selection of beers and mixed drinks. I tell her we’ve still got some more walking to do, so we only stick to one each.
I walk us into the Container Park. We look through the shops where she lets me buy her a few little things, but not everything I want. “Zack, you can’t just buy me things. I’m not wired that way.”
“I know. I’ve never wanted to buy things for a woman before, and I didn’t really plan on it today. Well, I mean, I do have something here I ordered for you, but I wasn’t bringing you here to spend money. I just thought it would be fun. Getting you things that you like is just a bonus.”
“I can buy my own things, though.”
“I know. I’m not doing this to try and show off my wealth. I promise you that.”
“You have to let me buy you things, too.”
“Okay. You can buy me whatever you want.”
I’m not sure what she’ll find for me, but then we walk into a shop that repurposes liquor bottles into home decor and jewelry. They have some pretty cool stuff. Ainsley buys me an awesome lighting thing—I guess it’s a kind of chandelier made from bottles—for my foyer and some other lights and décor items. She won’t let me hear the total, but I know it’s high. I loved quite a few things. I like it though, having her buy me things. It’s pretty hot.
“Thank you, Ains. Those things are going to look so cool in the house.”
“You’re welcome. I saw your eyes light up when we walked in.”
“Are you ready for your surprise?” I ask as I open the door to the chocolate shop.
“Yes.”
I tell the employee at the front of the store that I have a custom order to pick up. I give my name and she comes back with the box. I open it and show Ainsley the purple chocolate necklace and earrings that I ordered for her. Her mouth drops open.
“This is chocolate?”
“Yeah. Do you like it?”
“I love it. It’s so pretty.”
“I thought you could wear it to dinner later.”
“I’ll have to find something to wear it with, but I can’t wait to wear it, and eat it. I do get to eat it, right?”
“Yes. I think that’s the idea. Can I eat some, too?”
Her cheeks heat as she takes in my double meaning. “I think you know the answer to that.”
“Just checking.”
We walk out of the park and I stop at the heart on the corner. I reach into my pocket and pull out a lock with a piece of paper attached to it. “You brought a lock for the heart?”
“I did.”
She takes it from me and reads the message I wrote: Zack & Ainsley forever.
“I love it. And it’s true.”
“I know it’s basic, but I’m not poetic or any shit like that.”
“It’s perfect. Let’s put it on.”
We find a small spot and attach the lock together. I kiss her lightly and then steer us down the street a little further to where Quinn Wilson has her shop. I saw her talking to Ainsley at the Griffin party, and I thought hers would be the perfect place to get a dress for tonight.
“We’re going to Quinn’s shop?”
“Well, you need a dress.”
“I’ve been wanting one of her dresses. I always wear boring black or just something like this.” She motions to her short blue dress, which I think is smoking hot.
“There’s nothing boring about you in a dress, babe. Or jeans. Pretty much whatever you wear turns me on.”
“Good to know.”
We walk into the shop, and Quinn comes right over to us. “Hi, Ainsley.”
“Hi Quinn. Do you know Zack?”
“We haven’t met, no.”
I hold out my hand. “Nice to meet you, Quinn.” She looks at my hand for a moment before deciding to shake it.
“I’ll decide if I feel the same once I know what your plans with Ainsley are.”
“Quinn.”
“He was a jerk to you. I’m not going to just forget that.”
“I wouldn’t expect you to. I’m going to try to not be a jerk again.”
“What can I help you with today?”
“I need a dress for dinner. Zack had this chocolate necklace made for me, so I was hoping to find something that would match it.”
“You get points for that, Mr. Football,” she says when she sees the necklace. Then she turns to Ainsley. “I have the perfect dress for you. I haven’t put it out yet, so let’s go to the stockroom.”
Ainsley hands me the necklace and kisses me before following Quinn. Once they’re out of sight, I’m immediately approached by a brunette with a huge rack. “You’re Zack Taylor.”
“Yes. Are you a football fan?”
“I’m a Zack fan. You can teach me some plays anytime. Do you want to get out of here?”
“I’m here with my girlfriend.”
“You didn’t kiss her on Sunday, and she wasn’t wearing your jersey. What kind of woman fights with you?”
“The kind I love. If you’d like me to sign something I can, but otherwise I’d like some privacy please.”
“I have something for you to sign,” she says as she pushes her dress down.
“No.”
“What do you mean, no? Men fall to their feet when they see my boobs.”
“I’m sure they do, but it would be disrespectful to my girlfriend if I signed you there, so no.”
“You need to leave.”
I didn’t know Quinn and Ainsley were behind me, but I turn and see them both walking towards us. Ainsley’s smiling at me. Quinn looks pissed.
“You can’t kick me out.”
“Since I own this store, I definitely can. Put your boobs away and get out.”
The woman storms off as my girl wraps her arms around me. “Thank you for turning her down.”
“You don’t have to thank me. I really want to be the guy you deserve.”
“You are.” She goes up on her toes, and I lean down so she can kiss me.
“Does that happen often?” Quinn asks as we break apart.
“Yes.”
“Damn. I mean, my husband gets hit on all the time in his tattoo shop, but whipping out your breasts in the middle of a clothing store takes it to a whole new level.”
“You should see the women at the stadium,” Ainsley tells her.
“It’s partly my fault. I used to encourage it. And even when we were fighting on Sunday, I went along with it.”
“Even if you encouraged it, women need to have some self-respect. Especially when you came in here holding hands with Ainsley.”
“That’s why I said I was only partly at fault.”
“Keep turning down those women and we might just be friends. Now let’s try on this dress. Are you wearing it out of here?”
“Umm, I guess. I don’t have shoes.”
“I might have had some delivered to our room.”
“Our room?”
“You’ll see.”
“I’m starting to like you even more, Zack.”
“And you used my name, Quinn.”
“That I did.”
“Um, excuse me, but I have a complaint.”
“What’s wrong, Ains?”
“You just assumed that I’d sleep with you again? I mean, you booked a room.”
“Actually, I hoped you’d sleep with me, but just in case you didn’t, I booked a suite with a couch. I’m happy to sleep there…well, not exactly happy, but I’ll sleep there if you want.”
“Oh. Well, thanks. I think you can maybe sleep in the bed with me. How did you get shoes for me? You don’t know my size.”
“I’m going to try really hard to turn your maybe into a yes. As for the shoes, I called your building and they got me in contact with your friend, Stella. She packed a bag for you and took it to the hotel.”
“Stella?” she asks and then shares a look with Quinn.
“Yeah. She said she was happy to help.”
“Which means I probably have the sluttiest lingerie imaginable along with a pair of heels I can’t walk in.”
“Or you have no underwear and the heels,” Quinn tells her.
“And that’s bad?”
I get hit with the dress in Ainsley’s hand as I laugh. “The maybe just got a little firmer.”
“So did I.”
“Zack!”
“What? Quinn’s a married woman. I’m sure she has sex.”
“You’re impossible.”
“You wouldn’t want me any other way.”
“Sadly, that’s true.”
“You two are too cute. Let’s get this dress tried on so you can go take care of your man, and his hard cock.”
“Oh my God. I thought Stella and Tegan were bad, but you two…”
“We’re not bad, we’re just comfortable with our sexuality. You’ll get there one day. Or not. I’ll tone it down for you, babe.”
“See? Cute. Totally cute,” Quinn tells Ainsley as she leads her into the dressing room.
I shake my head. Who would’ve ever thought I’d be called cute. Or that I’d like it so much. I just need to hold onto Ainsley and my life will keep getting better and better.
* * *
Ainsley
We just pulled up to valet at the Downtown Grand hotel. I’ve passed by here a bunch of times, but have never been inside. Today has been so wonderful, and I can’t wait for the rest of our date. I only asked for a single date, but Zack’s combined a whole week’s worth into this one day. Everything has been unique and fun so far. Even though I’ve insisted on paying for a few things, he’s definitely been spoiling me. Quinn conspired with him to have him pay for my dress before I could, and while I pretended to be mad, I was swooning inside.
He holds my hand as we walk inside. He’s done that all day, and it’s been making me feel like the most special woman in the world. At least to him.
“What’re you smiling about?”
“I was thinking about how special I’ve felt all day being with you.”
He stops and pulls me to him. Right there in the middle of the busy lobby, he gives me the sweetest, sexiest kiss I’ve ever had. It’s like our other kisses, but different. I can feel him pouring all his love into it.
“You’re so fucking special to me, Ains. I’m just glad I could make you feel it today because you make me feel special, too. I love you more than I ever thought it could be possible to love someone, and I’ll do everything I can to show you that for as long as you’ll let me.”
“I love you, too, and I’m glad I made you feel good. You’re definitely welcome to sleep in the bed with me.”
“Thank God.”
I kiss him on the cheek and pull him over to the reception desk. We check in and head up to our suite. It’s pretty awesome. Besides the living room with the famous couch, there’s also a dining room, and in the middle of the bedroom there is a square Jacuzzi tub. I squeeze my thighs together, thinking about what we did in my Jacuzzi tub.
“We can do that again.”
“Huh?”
“I know you’re thinking about what we did in your tub. How I took you from behind while you kneeled down and bent over the side.”
“Please.”
“After dinner, we’ll do that and whatever else you want, babe.”
“Now. Please.”
“Not in the tub yet, but I’ll get you off if you need me to. Kneel on the couch and hold on to the back.”
I do as he says, and feel him move behind me. He reaches under my dress and tears my thong off. I hear his zipper go down and feel him at my entrance a few seconds later. I lean back into him, letting him know I’m ready. He nibbles on my neck as he enters me in one thrust. I nearly scream from how good it feels.
“Zack.”
“What do you want, babe?”
“Your mouth…kiss…”
I’m barely coherent, but I can’t help it. It feels so good when he’s inside of me. He leans down and takes my mouth. I feel myself building fast. He breaks the kiss, but holds my chin to the side as he leans around me.
“I want to look at you when you come. I love to watch you fall apart for me.”
He slides his other hand to the front of me and rubs my clit. I have the urge to close my eyes, but I keep them open for him. I want him to see me. It only takes another minute before I’m coming. I’m not sure how thick the walls are, so I hold in my scream. Zack comes right after me. He pulls out and turns me, kissing me thoroughly before letting me go.
“Thanks.”
“You don’t ever have to thank me for that. I love being inside of you. I’m glad you asked for it. I like that you felt comfortable enough with me to tell me what you needed.”
“I’m a little embarrassed about that, but not as much as I thought I’d be.”
“You don’t have to ask, you know. You could’ve just done it—done me—without asking.”
“Oh. I can just throw you down and have my way with you?”
“Definitely.”
I need to tell him how I’m feeling. “Thank you, Zack. For letting me still be me and not trying to change me. I’m changing a little because making love with you is so good, and I want it all the time, but you’re not asking me to do it for you.”
“I’d never ask you to change.”
“I asked you, though. You had to change to be with me. I feel like I’m holding you back.”
“From other women you mean?” I nod. “I wasn’t me when I was with other women, Ains. That was just sex. Yes, you told me it had to only be you, but I wanted that. I have no desire to be with another woman. You’re more than enough.”
“You’re sure?”
“Yes. How could I want more? I’ve got a crazy smart, awesomely beautiful, and totally insatiable girlfriend who wants my cock all the time. I’m pretty much living every guy’s dream.”
“Well, you’re not the only one. Today has been amazing. You’re good at this wooing thing.”
“It’s not over. Let’s get changed so I can take you to dinner.”
We clean up and get dressed. I feel like a bombshell in the purple dress Quinn had for me. It’s got thick straps and hugs my body all the way down to the top of my calves. Stella packed me two pair of shoes, not knowing what my dress would look like. I choose the silver strappy ones. I manage to master one of the up-dos that I was taught, along with some make-up, and then put on my necklace and earrings.
When I turn from the mirror and see Zack for the first time, I nearly lose my breath. He’s got on a charcoal gray suit with a dark purple shirt and no tie. He’s left a couple buttons undone at his throat, and I have the urge to lick him there. His hair is a little messy, which makes him look all the more like a walking ad for sex. But it’s the look in his eyes that took my breath away. He’s looking at me like I’m his last meal and he’s very, very hungry.
“I thought we were going to dinner.”
“We are.”
“Then you need to stop looking at me like that.”
“I’ll try to stop if you will.”
“Me?”
He raises an eyebrow, and I realize he’s right. I’ve been undressing him with my eyes. I close my eyes, take a deep breath, and will myself to act normal. When I open my eyes, he’s just opening his, too. We smile at each other as he walks over to me and takes my hand.
“Come on, my little vixen. Let’s eat.”
Zack leads us down to a restaurant in the hotel, Triple George Grill. It’s amazing. I have the crab stuffed shrimp, while he has a steak with bleu cheese. After, we go to Art Bar for drinks. I love looking at the paintings, and the chocolate and coconut drink I get is delicious.
During dinner, people stared and whispered, but they left us alone. Here at the bar, people can’t help themselves. They approach us constantly. Zack’s friendly with the guys, but firm with the women. He signs napkins and takes selfies, but if a hand starts to wander, he stops it immediately. He also leans over and kisses me frequently, and his hand hasn’t left mine.
I excuse myself to go the bathroom. I’m in the stall when I hear some women come in. They’re talking about how hot Zack is and how he’ll get bored with me soon. I’m surprised to find that I’m not bothered or worried at all. I know what they’re saying isn’t true.
“I hate to disappoint you, but I’m not going anywhere,” I tell them as I walk to the sink.
“You’re not hot enough to keep him,” one of them tells me.
“I’m pretty sure he’d disagree. Have a good night.”
I dry my hands and walk out with my head held high and a smirk on my lips. Zack looks at me curiously as I reclaim my seat on the bar stool next to him. I lean over and kiss him when he’s done with his latest pic.
“A smirk, and a kiss? What happened in that bathroom?”
“Some girls were talking about how you’d get bored with me. Then they told me I wasn’t hot enough to hold onto you. I told them you’d disagree and walked out.”
His whole face lights up in that special smile that’s all mine. “That’s my girl.”
“Excuse me, but we need a picture. Can she move out of the way?”
His smile fades as he turns to the women who were in the bathroom with me. He doesn’t know it’s them, but he’s obviously annoyed that they interrupted us. “No. She’s not moving, and I’m done with pictures for tonight.”
“Seriously? We just fixed our make-up and hair so we’d look perfect for you.”
Realization dawns on his face, and he puts his arm around me, pulling me close. “My girl is the only one who’s perfect for me. Now run along before I have security remove you.”
“You’re serious? Look at her. She’s not even sexy.”
Instead of answering, he motions for the one of the security guys in the bar. “Can you please move these women along?”
“Of course, Mr. Taylor.”
“We can move ourselves. What a waste.”
“Yeah. I’ll never get these few minutes you wasted back,” I tell them.
Zack laughs and kisses me. “You ready to go back to the room, babe?”
“I could be persuaded.”
He leans over to whisper in my ear. “I’m going to lick you until you scream my name and then put my cock in you and fuck you into another orgasm. Once I’m done, I want you to ride me hard before I take you in the Jacuzzi like I promised. After all of that, I’m going to cuddle with you as you fall asleep in my arms.”
“I’m persuaded. Let’s go.”
I jump off the bar stool and practically run out of the bar, dragging Zack behind me. He’s shaking with laughter. Once we’re out of the crowd and back in the lobby, he swoops me into his arms and carries me the rest of the way.
Chapter 13
Zack
Ainsley and I did all the things I promised her we would. Instead of sleeping, though, we’re cuddling in the Jacuzzi right now. I even let her put some bubbles in. I reach for her necklace on the ledge of the tub.
“Here, babe. You take one end and I’ll take the other like in the dog movie.”
“Lady and the Tramp?”
“That’s the one.”
“It’s a good thing your female fans can’t see you now.”
“Because they’d be horrified?”
“Are you kidding? They’d go even crazier for you if they knew how sweet and fun you are when we’re alone. If they saw you the way I do, you’d need extra security.”
“There’s no need to worry. I’m only this way with you. No one else will ever see it.”
“Are you trying to make me swoon?”
“No. I’m trying to eat some chocolate. Grab your end.”
She laughs, but complies. We each eat a couple of the chocolate “jewels” before I decide that it’s taking too long to get to her mouth.
“Fuck this,” I say as I throw the necklace and just kiss her.
“You already did. Several times.”
“If I didn’t have practice in the morning, I’d do it all several more times. We should go to sleep, though.”
I stand and pull her up with me. Then I grab the towels and dry her off as the water drains. When we’re both dry, I step out and lift her up, carrying her to the bed.
“Thanks for my date day, Zack. It was perfect.”
“I’m glad you liked it. Do I get to be your boyfriend again?”
“Yes, please. I’m still waiting for that jacket and ring, but I’ll settle for you for now.”
“So you don’t want them?” I ask as I walk over to my suitcase.
“You have them? Really?”
“Yes, really.”
I pull them out of the suitcase and walk back over to her. Her eyes light up as she bounces on the bed, holding her hands in front of her. I sit down with the jacket in my lap and the ring in my hand.
“This is my high school letterman’s jacket and my class ring. I never thought I’d have a girl to give them to since I didn’t have a high school girlfriend. They’re yours if you really want them.”
“I do. I want them.”
I place the ring on her ring finger and drape the jacket over her shoulders. She puts her arms inside the sleeves and pulls it close around her. I pull her to me, and kiss her. Seeing her in my jacket is even better than seeing her in my jersey. We really do need to go to sleep, though. So I tuck her in—jacket and all—and then climb into bed next to her. I hold her in my arms as we both fall asleep.
Morning comes too soon. Both of our alarms are going off as we groan. “I’ll order you some breakfast while you shower, Ains.”
“Thanks.”
I drink my juice after my shower, and then we head out. We get to the stadium early, so I’m able to kiss her in the parking lot for a few minutes before we both head inside. We separate at the locker room door.
When I walk out onto the field, I have to smile at seeing her standing there wearing my jacket. It’s really too hot to be wearing it, but I won’t complain. She’s mine again, and I love that everyone will know it.
Practice is rough, but good. We’re all stoked about playing our first regular game this weekend, so we played hard during practice. Afterwards, I sign autographs. I say no to body parts and stop anyone from groping me. Ainsley waits for me to get done, and we hold hands as we walk back into the tunnel. She tells us all what she saw, and then leaves us to change.
“Where should we go to lunch today?” I ask her as I walk out of the locker room.
“Somewhere close to your place if we can. I need to get my car.”
“You have a hot date?”
“For lunch, yes. After that, I promised to hang out with Reina and some of the girls for a couple of hours.”
“Oh.”
“Are you mad?”
“Just disappointed, I guess. I wanted to spend more time with you.”
“You’re not really asking me to be one of those girls who drops her friends to be with her guy all the time, are you?”
I sigh because I don’t want to be that guy. She should be able to hang out with her friends. “No. I don’t want you to do that.”
“Good. Because I wouldn’t.”
“I know.”
We go to the Babystacks by my house. I draw out lunch as long as I can, kissing her in between bites of my food. I know people are taking pics with their phones, but I really don’t care. I’m not hiding Ainsley ever again.
I convince her to make out for a little while against her car before she leaves to meet her friends. She tells me I can come over later if I want. I do want to, so I tell her to call me when she’s done with her afternoon plans.
* * *
Ainsley
I told Zack the truth about meeting with Reina and the girls. We’re just not hanging out. I’m here at the office to tell them about our conversation from the other day.
“You believe him?” Reina asks.
“Yes. I know him, and he wasn’t faking his shock at me accusing him of being behind the sabotage.”
“You two were just broken up a couple of days ago. Are you sure you really ‘know’ him?”
“He’s scared of being in a relationship. He’s scared of being in love with me. But he never lies to me. Never. I know it, Faith.”
I wish Ellie was here, but she’s on a mission. One of our real missions, saving someone. She’s the romantic among us, so I know she’d side with me. The other girls mean well, and I know they think they’re just looking out for me, but it makes them suspicious.
“You’re still leaning towards Donaldson and someone from the staff?” Isabelle asks.
“I feel like Kevin is involved because he wasn’t standing in the water when he got shocked, and he tries to come across as too perfect. Although his façade has been slipping lately when Zack and I are together. He had to have someone help him set that up, though. No one was there except for the staff.” Something’s off about what I said, but I feel like it’s just out of my reach. Hopefully it’ll come to me later.
“I’ve researched backwards and forwards and still, nothing. I met him at the stadium the other day, and he doesn’t seem like the brightest bulb in the box. He has to have someone pretty smart working with him if he’s able to hide his motives.”
“I just really feel in my gut that he’s involved, Teeg.”
“I want to hear more about how his façade is slipping. You’re right when you say he seems too perfect. On TV, and in person. I felt a little slimy when he was hitting on me at the Griffin’s party. It was just weird.” Reina shivers a little thinking about it.
“He told Zack that he would eventually screw things up with me. And when I wore Zack’s jersey to that game, he made some remarks to both of us about it. He’s not the nice guy he wants everyone to think about. And if he made you feel weird, Rei, then that’s not good.”
“Who was weird with you, Princess?”
We all turn to the door to see Matt standing there, looking like he’s ready to rip someone apart. Why won’t he just admit how he feels about Reina? She hasn’t been hiding her feelings too well lately, and they’d be so good together.
“Kevin Donaldson. You know that, though, since you got me away from him at the party.”
“Has he tried to get in touch with you since you left with me that night?”
“Yes. He’s called here a few times. Alex doesn’t put him through. He also sent flowers today.”
“Motherfucker. If he doesn’t let up before the game this weekend, I’m going to have some words with him. No one messes with you.” He realizes what he said and freezes. “With any of you. No one messes with any of you girls.”
I’d already turned back to Reina so I see the flash of hurt cross her face before she hides it. “Thanks Matt, but I can handle myself. I appreciate your help at the party because it was getting awkward, but I don’t need your help to get rid of some overzealous idiot.”
They have a staring contest for a minute. Matt loses and turns on his heel, walking out without another word. Reina collapses in her chair. No one knows what to do, so I ask them all to leave us alone. We’re all close, but since Reina and I are both mentored by Jane, we spend more time together, and are closer to each other than to anyone else.
“When are you going to admit that you’re in love with Matt and just go for it?”
“I admitted that a long time ago, and it pushed him farther away from me. He’s chosen to live his life without any attachments. He thinks it’s all he can have after what he did and saw while in the military. I want to believe that if he ever did settle down, it would be with me. I’m not naïve enough to think that’s going to be anytime soon.”
“Show him what he’s missing, Rei. You’re drop dead gorgeous, and smarter than all of us combined. Plus, you have extreme compassion for the women we help, but also know how to torture an answer out of the evil people we come into contact with. What guy wouldn’t want you?”
“Thanks for that. And I know you worry, so I’ll tell you one thing and one thing only. It can never leave this room.”
“Let me shut off the video and sound in here.” I pull out my work tablet and get that taken care of before turning back to her. “We’re good.”
“He does want me, Ainsley. We really did leave the party together.”
“You mean…you and Matt…wow!”
“It’s not the first time, and it won’t be the last. But that’s all I get, a random hookup every few months. It’s past time for me to move on. Not with Kevin Donaldson, but I think getting out there and dating would be a good thing for me. Maybe I’ll bring a date to the ball.”
“I almost forgot about the ball.” Jane hosts two balls per year. The tickets are always in such high demand. I need to ask Zack to be my date.
“I won’t tell Jane,” she teases me. “Thanks for talking with me. I’ve needed to tell someone for a long time.”
“I love Matt, but don’t let him tear you down. Find yourself a great guy who appreciates you. You deserve it, and if he can’t give that to you, you need to move on. Having sex with him can’t be easy for you.”
“It’s not, and you’re right. I deserve better.”
We hug and then she shoos me away, telling me she’ll be okay. I turn everything back on, and head down to my office to drop my tablet. I don’t expect to find Matt waiting in there for me.
“Did you need something, Matt?”
“Oh hey. I got an alert that the cameras went down in the small conference room, and it said that you took them offline.”
“Yes. I did.”
“Why?”
“I was talking to Reina, and we didn’t want to be recorded or overheard.”
“Oh. You were recounting some sexy times with Taylor, huh?”
I know he’s fishing, and lucky him, I’m just pissed enough at him to tell him. “No. We were talking about you.”
“Me? Shit. What did she tell you?”
“What do you think she told me?”
“Can you turn off the things in here?”
“I already did.”
“She told you we slept together the other night, didn’t she?”
I don’t answer because I promised not to talk about it. I want to, though. I want to scream at him and tell him to stop using her when it’s obvious that she’s in love with him.
“It’s more complicated than it seems.”
“So un-complicate it for me.”
“I can’t. Just know that I wish I could have her, and only her. I wish she could be mine. But that’s not an option for me.”
“You’re a good man, Matt. Why can’t you see that?”
“Because I’m really not. I’ve already said too much, and I’m not going to bare the rest of my black soul today. Take care, Little Mouse.”
He kisses me on the forehead before leaving. I sink into my chair, worrying about my two friends. They’d be so good together, but no one can force Matt to do anything. I’m afraid that by the time he realizes he can have Reina, she’ll have settled for someone else. Losing her is the one thing he couldn’t handle, and he’s probably going to end up in jail when that happens.
I immerse myself in work for the next few hours. I make sure Ellie’s getting the support she needs, and cheer with everyone else on my team when she reports in. She got the woman—an American who was kidnapped while on vacation—out, and they’re both on their way back to the states.
She signs off quickly, needing to be with the victim. Aiden takes over and records his version of the events. He was Ellie’s back-up since a man was needed to help infiltrate the compound where the woman was being held at. We’re really lucky to have Matt and his friends helping us out. It would be hard to find guys to trust with our secrets who also have the skill set necessary to help us.
Matt, Aiden, and Nate are all great guys. Who’ve also slept their way through Chicago, and are working hard to conquer Vegas as well. While three of my friends pine for them. Reina for Matt, Ellie for Aiden—I apologized to her for using him for that kiss—and Jade for Nathan. If those guys would stop trying to stick their dicks in every female they come across, we’d all be a lot happier.
I put those thoughts out of my head as I call Jake to my office. He went to school with me and Scott, and is my right hand down here in the tech dungeon. We go over my mission, the completion of Ellie’s, and the new one Darcy is starting tomorrow. I make sure he has everything he needs before I log out of my tablet and close my office door. I text Zack as I take the elevator upstairs. I was here much later than I planned to be, so I hope he still wants to come over.
Me: I’m on my way home. Do you still want to come over?
Zack: I wasn’t sure you were going to text. It’s a little late.
Me: Are you out somewhere?
Zack: Yeah. A couple of the guys asked me to hang out, and I was hungry.
Me: You’re at a restaurant?
Zack: No. We’re at TAO Beach.
He’s at a topless pool? God, I’m so stupid.
Me. Oh. Okay. I’ll see you tomorrow. Have fun.
Zack: You can’t just expect me to sit around all day waiting for you, Ains.
Me: I don’t expect that. I just expect that if you say you want to come over, you really mean it. It’s fine, though. Like I said, have fun and I’ll see you on the field tomorrow.
Zack: It’s not like that. I’m just hanging out with the guys.
Zack: Ains? Come on babe, answer me.
My phone starts ringing, but I ignore it. I can’t talk to him right now. I want to trust him, but he’s at a topless pool. What guy hangs out at one of those if he’s not wanting to be with the women there? I know I shouldn’t do it, but I go to his Facebook page. I know if he’s been there more than ten minutes, there will be pics.
Instead of pics, I find angry posts from women he refused to pose with. Or flirt with. From what I’m reading, he just hung out with his friends. He signed things for the guys who were there, but ignored the women who approached him. Now I’m the one who fucked up. I switch over to my text screen.
Me: I’m sorry. I shouldn’t be jealous of some random topless women. Who you ignored.
Zack: You went on my FB page, didn’t you?
Me: Yes.
Zack: You shouldn’t have needed to do that.
Me: I know. I just didn’t think I could compete with them.
Zack: There was no competition. You had me. Only you. I can’t talk to you right now. I’m angry and don’t want to say something I’ll regret. I’ll see you tomorrow.
I force myself to put my phone away and remain calm while I drive home. I maintain that false calm while I make myself dinner, change into a loose t-shirt, and put on plaid pajama pants. I put on his jacket so I can wear it for one more night as I curl up on the couch.
Only then do I pull my phone back out, looking at that last message. Where he told me I “had” him. Not have—had. It’s over, and this time I’m to blame.
Chapter 14
Zack
I pull out my phone to check the time. I should’ve gone home an hour ago, but I stayed here on principle. I see that I left my text conversation with Ainsley open. I read over it again, and suck in a breath at the last message I sent her. My auto-correct changed a word. Just one, but of course it’s the one that should’ve mattered the most in that message. Fuck. I need to get to her.
I pull out my wallet and hand the waitress more than enough cash to cover the one beer and two waters that I had. I practically run to valet to retrieve my SUV and then drive to Ainsley’s place. I’m hoping she left my name on the approved list since I was supposed to come over. Luck is with me as I’m waved into the underground garage.
I say hi to the guys in the lobby, and take the elevator up to her floor once they activate it for me. I know her door will be unlocked. She only locks it when I’m inside with her. I open it, and my heart sinks as I see her curled up on the couch. In my letterman’s jacket.
“Zack.”
“Hi.”
“You’re here.”
“Yeah. I didn’t realize my phone changed the word in my text to you. I would’ve made sure you knew that right away if I’d seen it. But I was angry that you didn’t trust me, so I put my phone back in my pocket right away. I drove here as soon as I saw it.”
“What word got changed?”
“The most important one. ‘Have.’ It should’ve said have and not had. You have me.”
She launches herself at me, and I catch her in my arms, picking her up. She wraps her arms and legs around me as I walk us back to the couch. I sit down and kiss her.
“I’m so sorry I was such a jealous bitch. You understood that I wanted to hang out with my friends. I should’ve been equally understanding when you were with yours. Even though the location you chose to hang at leaves little to be desired.”
“I want to say it’s okay, but honestly, I’m still a little angry about your reaction. You shouldn’t have needed to go on social media to know that I was ignoring other women.”
“I know. You have every right to be angry with me. I want to trust you. I’m trying to trust you.”
“I know my past is bad. Like really bad. But I’ve done everything I can think of to let you know how much I love you. To show you that you’re it for me. I mean, I guess there’s one more thing I could do, but I haven’t bought a ring yet, and I’d hate to propose empty-handed.”
“You-you want to marry me?”
“One day, yes. But I need to know you trust me, Ains. We can’t ever get married if we don’t trust each other.”
“I love you, Zachary Taylor, and I’m going to do everything I can to be worthy of that ring.”
“I’m going to make sure I’m worthy of you by the time I buy it, Ainsley Martin. Because I love you, too.”
“Would you go to the Corrigan Foundation ball with me next month?”
“We’re actually going to walk into a ball together?”
“If you’ll go with me.”
“Of course I’ll go with you.”
We kiss for a long time on the couch and then I carry her up to her bed. I make sweet, slow love to her before she falls asleep with her head on my chest. I look down at her and think about how lucky I am. We’ve had some bumps along the way, but I know we’re in a good place now. I cuddle her closer and fall asleep within minutes.
I wake up and think I’m still dreaming because my cock’s in Ainsley’s mouth. I look down and her eyes are twinkling as she sees that I’m awake. She starts sucking harder as her hand moves near my base. I arch my back and grab the sheets. I want to grab her head, but I know that this is big for her, so I don’t want to push her. She’s doing an awesome job on her own.
It only takes another minute before I can’t help thrusting into her mouth as I feel myself starting to come. I do put my hands on her head then, trying to pull her away. “I’m coming, Ains. Let go.”
She shakes her head and sucks harder. I come on a yell, and she drinks it all down, licking up every last drop. Then she licks her lips as she smiles at me.
“Oh God…babe...God…”
“I did okay for my first time?”
I look up to where she’s climbed on top of me. She’s biting her lip and looks nervous. I want to tell her it’s the best I’ve had, but I don’t lie to her. And while it was mind blowing, I’ve had better because I’ve been blown by pros.
“It was amazing. You’re amazing.”
“Really? I wanted to do it right.”
“Yes, really. And it would be pretty hard to do it wrong.”
“I-I liked it. A lot. I know you said I would, but I wasn’t sure.”
“I was being an ass when I said that, trying to make you do what I wanted. You know you didn’t have to do that.”
“I know. I wanted to try it, and then…well, then it made me feel kind of powerful. And sexy.”
“Good. You are those things.”
I’ve been so intent on talking to her, and making sure she’s okay that I didn’t notice her moving on top of me. But now I do. She’s rubbing herself against my abs, trying to get release. I move my hand down to her clit and start rubbing my thumb over it while I put two fingers inside of her.
“Don’t stop. Please. I know this was supposed to be for you, but that made me…I’m…”
“Shh, babe. I’ve got you.”
I lean up and pull a nipple into my mouth as she arches towards me. It doesn’t take long until she’s screaming and soaking my fingers. I pull my fingers out once she’s finished, bringing them to my lips so I can taste her.
“I love the taste of you. I should’ve just put my mouth on you, but then we would’ve never left this bed.”
“You tasted really good, too. Can I do that again later?”
“Are you trying to make me practice with a hard-on? Because if you keep talking like that, I guarantee that’s what I’ll be doing.”
“You don’t normally do that?”
“Semi, babe, I can usually control it down to semi-hard when you’re at practice.”
“I only cause a semi? I need to find those booty shorts Stella bought me.”
She tries to get up off the bed, but I grab her and pull her under me, tickling her all over. “Later. Please wear them later. If you wear them to practice, I’m probably going to embarrass myself by coming in my pants. And I said I control it down to a semi—you get me fully hard every time I see you.”
She’s laughing hard as I continue my assault. “Stop tickling me and I’ll consider wearing more clothes.”
I stop and kiss her instead. She places her hands on my cheeks, caressing my face as I rub her hips. “How did I ever get lucky enough to meet you, Ains?”
“We’re both lucky, I think. Now get in the shower before you make me cry with all this sappy talk. You know I’m all girl when it comes to my emotions.”
I laugh, kiss her on the nose, and jump off the bed. A half hour later, we’re out the door. She’s got on jeans, and a baggy t-shirt under my jacket. Her hair’s in a messy bun and she’s wearing glasses and her Chucks. I know it’s all for my benefit, but she’s still sexy as hell. And I’m as hard as a steel pipe.
* * *
Ainsley
The game’s tomorrow and I’m really excited for everyone. The guys have been getting better and better every day. So have Zack and me. We’ve spent the last few nights together, usually at my place. It’s been nothing short of amazing. Not just the sex, although, I’ll never complain about that. We have so much fun together, just doing normal things like cooking dinner or watching TV. We tried to play Monopoly one night, but we’re both too competitive and Zack almost ended up sleeping on the couch that night. Almost. I really can’t resist him.
Nothing else has happened to the team. Jane is afraid something big will happen at the game, so all the girls, except for Darcy, will be there. She has to finish preparing for her mission. The other eight will be spread out around the stadium Matt, Aiden, and Nate will be there, too. We need as many eyes as possible, and my team will be monitoring everything remotely as well.
We’re having dinner with the Rivers’ and all the other players and coaches. There’s no alcohol being served, and it will be an early night, but they wanted a celebration. Zack’s agent, Dex, showed up unexpectedly, making my guy a little pissed when he tried get him to talk about a trade again.
I know he needs to be relaxed for tomorrow, so I made sure to put his hand on my thigh during dinner. I have on a short purple dress with a bow detail in back, and the requisite strappy heels. I know he likes it—even with the higher neckline—because he told me it’s a good thing we’ll be going home separately tonight. We have to. He needs to be rested, which will definitely not happen if we’re together.
We say our goodbyes at the front door. He heads out to his car, and I go to use the restroom before I leave. It’s ironically the same one I met Zack in. When I walk outside, I accidentally bump into Dex as he’s coming around the house. My body stiffens, and although I try to hide my reaction, it’s too late. He sees it and pushes me against the wall, covering my mouth with his hand. I start to fight when I feel the gun against my side.
“Not this time, bitch.”
He’s the one. Dex is the guy who tried to attack me in my hotel room. I realized it when my body connected with his. I don’t know why, but he’s definitely part of it. Kevin walks around the side of the house a moment later. He smiles when he sees us, and my suspicions about him are confirmed.
He stands next to Dex, blocking me from the other party stragglers. “This is going to be fun. Taylor’s going to crumble when she’s not at the game tomorrow. I just want a go at her before we kill her.”
“Keep it in your pants, Donaldson. She’s caused us all too much trouble already. We don’t need her magic snatch pulling you under her spell, too,” Coach says as he joins us.
“I can see you trying to figure it all out, Ainsley. Since we’re going to kill you anyway, I’ll let you in on our secret. We have our own NFL team ready to go. It was supposed to be the one to debut this year, but Mitchell Corrigan and Gary Griffin were too powerful for us to win against. When this team falls apart, we’ll be all set. You almost ruined part of our plan by getting Zack to stay here, but now that won’t be an issue. He wants you at that game tomorrow more than he wants a win.”
It’s all coming together for me. I remember briefly looking into the other team that would’ve made it in this year if the Legions hadn’t. It was owned by a dummy corporation that was set up in the Cayman Islands. Jake’s been trying to track down the owners, but he hasn’t had any luck so far. I didn’t think too much of it since I didn’t believe anyone from that company would’ve been able to get close to the Legions.
I was wrong and now I’m being kidnapped because I wasn’t as thorough in my job as I should’ve been. And they’re right. Zack’s going to freak when I’m not there. I have to think of a way out of this. I’ve been trained, I should know what to do.
“We’re going to walk out of here quietly now. Stand on her other side, Jim. And Kev, you walk behind us. Don’t even think of trying anything.”
Dex takes his hand off my mouth, but pushes his gun further into my side. I get the hint. I’ll be shot if I scream or make a scene. And I may be well trained, but there’s three of them, and only one of me. Lindsey and Jack stop us before we can get very far.
“Goodnight everyone. I see you’re looking after Ainsley for Zack.”
“That we are. We know how much it means for him to have her at the game tomorrow.”
Lindsey knows something’s wrong—I can see it in her eyes. “I forgot to tell you that I talked to your mother today, and told her what a great job you’re doing. She said I should call your Aunt Jane and tell her as well. She was worried that Jane was mad at you.”
“If you could call her, that’d be great. I definitely want her to know what’s been going on. Thanks so much, Lindsey.”
I know she’ll call Jane as soon as she can, so I’m a little calmer as I’m walked to my car. They’ll activate my tracker and find me. Dex tells Kevin to get in the front seat and then pushes me into the back with him. Coach gets in his own car and heads in another direction. As soon as I get into the car, my hope fades. Dex is holding my arm against me as he pulls a Taser out of his jacket pocket. He shocks me on my side right next to my arm. I know it’s too close to my tracker which will make it malfunction, and as I fall into the blackness, I realize that I’m probably going to die.
My prediction hasn’t come true yet since I eventually wake up. I don’t know why they haven’t killed me yet, but I thank God for keeping me alive. I’m chained to a wall in a dark basement. At least, I think it’s a basement. It is pitch black in here, and I can’t get my bearings. If I’m going to survive, I need to start planning.
I’m really hungry, but since there’s no chance of me getting food unless one of them comes back, I will my mind to overcome my hunger. It doesn’t completely work, but I can’t dwell on that now. I pull on the chains that are wrapped around my body, but they don’t budge at all. I try to suck in my breath to see if I can wiggle free by making myself smaller, but it’s no use. One of those guys is smart. My money’s on Dex.
With no windows or clock, I really don’t know how long I’ve been down here. None of them can miss the game, so I think I have time to sleep. The more rest I can get, the stronger I’ll be. My only hope right now is that they’ll unchain me before killing me. I’ll fight them using everything I know and all the strength that’s left in me, if that happens.
I close my eyes and think of Zack as I fall asleep. I say a prayer that he’ll be okay and play a good game, even while he’s distracted with me not being there.
Chapter 15
Zack
I can’t believe Ainsley’s not here. Coach said she called him and said she’s not feeling well. But she’s not answering my texts or calls. I thought everything had been going great, but I must have done something wrong. I’ve wracked my brain, but I can’t come up with what it could be. She kissed me when we said goodbye last night, so I know she wasn’t mad then.
I can’t dwell on it, though. Even without her here to cheer me on, I need to go out there and play to win. Sierra’s here at least. She promised to cheer extra hard when she heard that Ainsley wouldn’t be here.
“Hey man, I heard your girl won’t be here today. Have you talked to her?” Dex asks me.
“No. I guess she’s pretty sick.”
“Listen, I hate to be the one to tell you this, but I saw her leaving with Donaldson last night.”
“What? She wouldn’t go anywhere with that asswipe.”
“I only know what I saw. Just try to put it all out of your head and play a good game. You can always ask her about it when she feels better.”
She wouldn’t do that. I know she wouldn’t. I know how I can find out, though. I seek out Jack Rivers and find him in Coach’s office.
“Hi Zack. Did you need something before the game?”
“I just had a question. Did you see Ainsley leave with Donaldson last night?”
“Yeah. We both did,” Coach answers.
“He said he was taking care of her for you. She looked a little pale,” Jack tells me.
“Oh. Okay. Thanks.”
Maybe she is sick. He said she was looking pale. I walk back out and into the locker room. Donaldson smirks at me, and it takes all the control I have to not punch him.
We need to win this game, so I walk away and take my place in the tunnel. When the music plays, I run onto the field with everyone else. I automatically look to where Ains should be, then shake my head and find Sierra in the stands.
The first half of the game passes in a blur. I don’t make any touchdowns, and neither does Donaldson, but the other guys pick up the slack and we’re up by ten points as we head back into the locker room. We’re only in there for a few minutes before Matt Corrigan and that Aiden guy burst into the locker room, followed by Ainsley’s friend, Audrey.
“There’s a bomb in here and one in the visitor’s locker room. We need to get you all out of here.”
“What are you going to do, pretty lady, disarm it?” Donaldson asks her.
“Yes, I am, you bastard,” she tells him before punching him square in the jaw.
He stumbles backwards, and Aiden grabs him. Matt goes over to Coach. I see the glint of a gun and my eyes widen. “Taylor, you need to come with us.”
“My sister’s in the stands.”
“Tegan got her, Zack. Go with Matt. He’ll help you.”
I nod at Audrey and follow them out. We get into a large party bus type vehicle and I see Sierra already inside with Tegan. I run over to her, and we hug. Matt and Aiden throw Donaldson and Coach down onto seats and hold guns on them. Another guy comes in with Dex and tosses him down next to them. Jane Corrigan gets on next, followed by Reina, Stella, Ellie, Faith, Jade, and the Rivers’. We sit in silence for a few minutes until Audrey and Isabelle join us. Then the bus starts moving.
“The bombs are neutralized?” Jane asks.
“Yes. They’re both disarmed. Metro’s taken over,” Audrey tells her.
“What’s going on? There were bombs in the stadium? Who could be doing all of this?” Jack asks.
“The three of them,” Mrs. Corrigan says as she glares at Dex, Donaldson, and Coach.
“What? Why? And how do you know, Jane?”
“Your wife asked me and my team for help in figuring out who was sabotaging the team. We’ve been pursuing several angles and knew Mr. Donaldson was involved, but it was only an hour ago that we found out the motive and who his two accomplices were.”
“You’re crazy. I have nothing to do with this, you old bitch.”
Matt shoots Donaldson in the arm. “Oops,” he says while glaring at him. Holy fucking shit. I mean, yeah he insulted his grandmother, but that was beyond bad-ass.
“You shot me. Someone help me.”
“It was a flesh wound. Man up.”
“Thank you, Matthew.”
“Anytime, Gram.”
“As I was saying, we found out this morning that these three are behind the dummy corporation that owns the other team that was looking for a place in the NFL this season. We’ve been watching them all closely, and saw Dex set the bombs before you and the other team came back to the locker rooms. I guess having two teams out of the way gave you an extra chance to get your team in place.”
“You can’t prove any of this.”
“I love nothing more than research, and with Ainsley’s team of geniuses working the computer end of things, we found more than enough evidence,” Tegan tells him.
I see Donaldson smirk when Ainsley’s name is mentioned. There’s so much information going around that I think my brain may explode. But I’m still wondering where she is. I’m not the only one.
“You think Tegan mentioning Ainsley is funny, Kevin?” Reina asks him.
“A little.”
She opens up a case at her feet and lays it flat. It has all kinds of tools and things I don’t recognize. They look pretty scary, though.
“I can guarantee that you won’t be laughing when I’m done with you.”
“You can’t touch me. It’s illegal.”
“Who’s going to believe you against me? I’m a pillar of the community. Matt, Nate—can you hold him still please.”
“No. NO! Please. I’ll tell you whatever you want to know. Yes, we were behind everything. Dex was the mastermind.”
“Shut up, Kev.”
“Don’t worry, Dex. You’ll be next if he doesn’t tell me what I want to know.”
“I just told you we’re to blame.”
“But you didn’t tell me where you took Ainsley last night.”
Wait. What? “You kidnapped Ainsley?”
“Your little slut figured out that it was Dex who attacked her at the hotel. We had to take her. It was just an added bonus that you’d freak out if she wasn’t there for you at the game.”
I’m out of my chair before anyone can stop me. I ignore Donaldson and go for Dex. I throw him against the windows, holding him by his neck. “You don’t have to worry about Reina and her toys. I’ll make you wish you were never alive if you don’t tell us where she is.”
“Okay. Okay. Calm down, Zack. She’s fine. I mean, she’s probably hungry, but none of us touched her.”
“Where. Is. She.”
“She’s in the basement of Coach’s lake house.”
I let him go, and he drops into his seat, rubbing his neck. The bus pulls over and the guys haul the three bastards out. I see them get handed over to the police. The Rivers’ also get off the bus, after thanking Jane. Reina zips her case back up and sits down. When the guys get back onboard, we start to move again, heading for Lake Mead.
“I know you have some questions, Zack. Normally, I wouldn’t tell you anything, but Ainsley had already asked for permission to tell you herself yesterday. I’m trusting that your sister will keep what I’m about to tell you secret as well. Many lives depend on the two of you keeping quiet.”
“I won’t tell anyone, and Zack won’t either. We promise. Right, big brother?”
I nod, and Jane tells us all about Ainsley and her friends. No wonder she said she wasn’t looking for a better job than being a football consultant. She already has a job that uses her unique skill set, and gives her a chance to explore the world outside her computer room, too.
I feel punched in the gut when Jane says that the original agreement was for her to date Donaldson. Until she met me. I hear the words she’s saying. Words that tell me Ainsley fell in love with me and assured them that I wasn’t part of the sabotage. I hear those words, but all I can think about is how it was more than secrets she was keeping from me.
I was just a part of this mission, nothing else. No matter what Jane says, I know that. I’ve never been anything other than a body for women to use. This was no different. I was a means to an end. She used more than my body, but I was nothing to her. Absolutely nothing.
We pull up to the house, and I sit numbly in the bus while the guys and some of the girls run out to get Ainsley. I just stare straight ahead. My sister tries to talk to me, but I shake my head and look away from her. Right into Reina’s eyes. She sees what I’m thinking, I know she does, because her eyes narrow.
Matt comes back carrying Ainsley in his arms. She sees me and struggles to her feet. “Zack.”
“Don’t come near me.”
“What’s wrong?”
“I know everything. I know how you needed me for you mission.”
“No. It wasn’t like that. I mean, it was a little bit, but I love you.”
“Stop. Just stop. There’s no need to pretend anymore. I’ll keep your secret. I’ll keep everyone’s secret. But I need you to stop lying to me.”
“I’m not. I swear it.”
“Too bad I can’t trust you.”
I turn and walk to the seat farthest away from her. I look out the window, but I see her go to her knees out of the corner of my eye. Her friends—and my sister—surround her. Matt starts towards me, but Jane stops him shaking her head and whispering something to him. He nods and stops, but the look he’s giving me tells me this isn’t over.
They take me back to the stadium where my clothes and car are. The police are still there, too, but things have quieted down. They wave us through once they realize who we are. Mrs. Corrigan really does have connections everywhere.
“Thanks for the ride, Mrs. Corrigan, and for saving my life and the team. I appreciate it.”
“I’d tell you that you’re welcome, but I’m not feeling too charitable towards you at the moment, Zachary.”
“I’m sleeping with one eye open I guess, huh?” I’m trying to joke, but no one laughs. “Come on, Si.”
“I’m not going with you.”
“What?”
“I need to make sure Ainsley’s okay. What she does is awesome and cool, and you’re acting like an ass.”
“Tell me how you really feel, sis.”
“Don’t play the victim here. You weren’t wronged.”
“Priceless. This is just priceless. You must be really proud of yourself, Ainsley. First you play with me and my emotions and now you’ve turned my sister against me. Bravo.” I clap silently.
“You have two seconds to get off this bus before I end you, Football.”
I turn and see Stella pointing a gun at me. My eyes widen and I back away. I look to everyone else, and they’re all looking like they want their guns on me. I shake my head and walk off the bus. I go to the locker room and change into my street clothes, then go home where I drink every beer in the house before passing out on the floor.
* * *
Ainsley
It’s been two weeks since I was kidnapped. I’ve been back at work for a week, and I’m feeling better and stronger. At least physically. I’m still a mess emotionally since Zack won’t talk to me.
Sierra stayed with me for a couple of days, and I made her go see him before she left town. She’s really angry at her brother, but I understand how he’s feeling. His biggest fear with me was that I’d be using him for something. And he thinks I did. Even though I really didn’t. I lied about what I was doing with the team, but never about what was happening between us. I finally trusted him, but now he’ll never trust me. Every day that we’re apart makes my heart break a little more. I don’t know what to do to get him to believe that he wasn’t just part of the mission.
There’s a knock on my doorframe and I look up to see Faith. She looks a little nervous.
“What’s wrong, Faith?”
“I just saw something I think you need to see. I wish I didn’t have to be the one to show it to you, though.”
“It can’t be that bad. Just show me.”
She turns her tablet to me and starts the video.
“Local football heartthrob Zack Taylor seems to have found someone to help him get past the scandal that’s rocked the Legions and sidelined the team for a month. He’s been spotted out several times this week with Dr. Deidre Lind. The doctor is a noted pediatric surgeon, and sources say they met while he was visiting patients in the Children’s ward at a local hospital. They make a striking couple. All in all, this is a welcome change from the revolving door of women he’s had on his arm for most of his career. I’m sure thousands of hearts are breaking around the valley right now.”
“I’m so sorry, honey.”
“You didn’t do anything wrong. I would’ve seen this somewhere else if you hadn’t shown it to me.”
He would’ve made sure I saw it. I know that this is a message to me. He may care for this woman, but he’s also dating her to show me he can. That I’m not the only woman who uses her brain that he can get. Point, Taylor.
* * *
Zack
Deidre’s nice, but tiring. She likes to be taken out so she can be seen with me. She’s using me and I’m getting nothing out of the deal. Well, almost nothing. I know Ainsley had to have seen pictures of us. So there’s that.
I usually try to turn into Deidre as the pictures are taken so it looks like we’re intimate. Even though we’re not. I haven’t kissed her anywhere but her cheek, I don’t hold her hand, and we definitely haven’t gone to bed together. I haven’t even let her see my house. She’s been pushing lately, but it’s not going to happen. My heart, and body, still belong to the brilliant computer girl who deceived me.
I’ve tried getting over Ainsley, but I’ve come to realize that it’s just not going to happen. I’m still pissed at her, but my love for her hasn’t lessened any since I found out the truth. Sierra tells me she’s a wreck, and that she really loves me, but I’m just not ready to believe it yet.
I shake my head to clear thoughts of blue eyes and sexy lips. I have to finish getting dressed so I can pick up Deidre for our night out at a local club. The show must go on.
A few hours later, I realize that the show needs to end. For good. I’ve had to push her off my lap more times than I can count, and she keeps trying to kiss me.
“Enough, Deidre. I told you no, and you’re smart enough that you should understand what that word means.”
“Come on, Zack. We’re both sexual people. I need a taste of you.”
“Well, I don’t need or want a taste of you. This isn’t working and I don’t want to see you again.”
“You’re kidding, right?”
“I’d say ‘no’ but you’d probably pretend not to hear me again. So I’m just going to leave.”
I motion the new starting quarterback over and ask him to keep an eye on her and take her home. She smiles at him, and I realize that she’s found her next mark. Luckily for them both, he loves the spotlight as much as she does.
I go home and when I walk in the door, I see the collage that I made for Ainsley. I remember how happy she was when she saw it. Could she have really faked her happiness that well?
I walk up the stairs to the room I no longer sleep in and see her sexy bed. I remember that day, and night. How much fun we had and the love we shared. I don’t think even an Oscar winning actress could’ve faked that day.
She loves me. Or at least she did. I don’t know if she still does, but I know that I need to find out. I want her back. No, I need her back, and I know just how to start. I hope the people I need help from will help me. I’ll beg if I have to.
Chapter 16
Zack
I’m waiting at my house for everyone to show up. I did have to beg, and promise to explain everything once they got here. I’ve never been so nervous in my life before. I need to convince them to help me. My plan hinges on that.
My doorbell rings and I open the door. I’m immediately knocked backwards at the punch that comes flying at me. “Fuck.”
“I warned you not to mess with Ainsley. I told you I was an enemy that you didn’t want to have, asshole.”
“Yes, you did,” I tell Scott as I shake it off. “Thank you both for coming.”
Chloe glares at me, but doesn’t try to do me any bodily harm as she walks past me. I’m waiting for one more person to arrive, and she does a few minutes later.
“Hello, Football,” Stella tells me as she walks in. “This better be good.”
“Please sit down, everyone.”
They do, but before I can speak, Scott notices the collage, which I took off the wall, but have leaning against the fireplace. “Holy shit. Has Ainsley seen that?”
“Yes. I made it for her a few weeks ago.”
“That’s pretty damn cool, man. You did it on your own?”
“Yeah. I used some binary code translator I found online.”
He holds out his hand. “I’m in, man. I’ll help you.”
I shake his hand with a smile. “Thanks.”
“Are you going to tell the non-geniuses over here what it says?” Stella asks.
“You are every minute of my every day,” I tell her.
“Oh hell, I’m in, too.”
“If you won over these two, how could I say no?” Chloe’s smiling at me and I’m fist pumping in my head.
“Thanks everyone. I just have one question for all of you.” It’s the only one that matters.
Stella speaks before I can ask. “Yes, she really loves you. She faked her job, but she never faked anything with you. That was your question, wasn’t it?”
“Yeah.”
“I haven’t fallen for a guy on a mission before, Zack, but I can imagine how hard it must be. For both of you. She was going to tell you everything when she could. Which means she was serious about you. We can’t tell casual acquaintances, or someone we think we like. So many people depend on us, and our ability to keep things secret, that we can’t take it lightly.”
“I get that now. Honestly, I got it when Mrs. Corrigan told me, but all I could think about was that Ainsley was like every other girl who’d used me in my life.”
“She wasn’t using you. I mean, yeah, she needed to get close to the team, but Jack Rivers gave her a job that took care of that. We don’t do missions thinking we’ll fall in love. We do them because someone needs help and we have the skills to do just that. Help people.”
“I know I said just one question, but now things keep popping into my head.”
“Go ahead and ask. She’s like a sister to me, and I need to know you’re all in with her.”
“I think she thought of me as a suspect for a little while. Even while we were sleeping together.”
“That’s not a question, but yes, she did.”
“The question is, would she have turned me in if I was guilty?”
“Yes. Without hesitation. She loves you, and she’d do all she could to help you, but she would’ve turned you in.”
“That should make me feel worse, but it doesn’t. I guess it’s because I love who she is, and knowing that she wouldn’t compromise herself for me makes me have even more respect for her.”
“I have to ask you something, Zack.”
“Sure, Chloe.”
“You asked us here to help you win her back. But I’ve seen the news. You’ve been dating that doctor for the last week. What’s going on with her?”
“I wasn’t really dating her. I mean, I guess I was. But I never kissed her anywhere but her cheek and only took her out in public. I honestly was hoping I’d feel something for her. But I never did. I hooked her up with the new Legions quarterback last night. They looked very happy when I left the club.”
“Okay. So what is it you need from us?”
I tell them, and they all agree that my plan is solid. Chloe tells me her brother-in-law, Owen, will help me with the additions I want to make to the collage. Scott says he should help with something else as well. Chloe says she can easily take care of everything I want done in the next week. Stella says she’ll enlist Faith to help her with the last part of my plan. Everything’s in place by the time they leave a couple hours later.
* * *
Ainsley
Another week has gone by, and I’m starting to feel better emotionally. Even though I saw on the news that Zack’s no longer dating the doctor, I know he won’t take me back. I had a talk with myself yesterday and realized that I have to go on with my life. My heart will put itself back together. Eventually.
I’m analyzing the results from Darcy’s mission when I hear all conversation in the outer office stop. I look up to see Stella walking towards me—with Zack. No. Just no. I’ve been dressing up a little more than usual, but I’m still a mess. Slouchy black tee, short pink skirt with a zipper up the front, capri leggings, and combat boots. Yeah, that’s me. Oh, and let’s not forget that my hair’s being held in place by a bunch of pencils and pens. Or that I have my glasses on. How could she do this to me?
I stand up and try to look normal. I don’t feel normal, though. He looks so good, walking towards me in his t-shirt and jeans. I know what’s underneath his clothes and what’s in his heart. I’ve missed it all so much. I’ve missed him. It’s taking every ounce of self-respect I have in me to not fling myself at him.
“You have a guest, Ainsley.”
“H-hi, Zack.”
“Hi, Ains. Thanks for walking me down here, Stella.”
“You’re welcome. Play nice with each other.”
I glare at her, and she laughs as she walks away. I turn back to Zack and bite my lip. We stare at one another for a few minutes before I break the silence.
“How are you?”
“I’ve been better.”
“Oh yeah. I saw that you and your girlfriend broke up. I mean, not that I was looking for news about you. Oh hell. I was totally looking for news about you,” I blurt out.
I’m an idiot. A total idiot. Who tells someone that you’re looking up news stories about them? Me, that’s who. Idiot number one.
“She wasn’t my girlfriend. I’ve only ever had one girlfriend. She still has my class ring and letterman’s jacket.”
“Oh. I don’t have them here.” They’re in my bedroom at home. I sleep in that jacket every night with the ring on my finger. “I can have them sent over to your house.”
“I’m not here for them.”
“You’re not?”
“No. I’m here to invite you to the party I’m having at the house tomorrow night.”
“You’re having a party? At your house? Really?”
“Yes. I’m having a party at my house. I wanted to celebrate the team being able to play again this weekend, and a beautiful woman once told me I should be entertaining at my house once I furnished it.”
“It’s a team thing, then?” I’m focusing on that and not the fact that he furnished the house. Without me.
“Yeah. Just the team, their dates, and your friends.”
“My friends are going?”
“Yep.”
“Okay. I’d love to come to your party. Thanks for inviting me.”
“You’re the only person I really want there.”
“Zack?”
“I want another chance, Ains. I know I’ve had more than my fair share already, but I’m not interested in playing fair when it comes to you.”
“Do you believe that I love you?”
“I do.”
“What convinced you?”
“Our bed. I was looking at it and thinking of the day I bought it. I realized that you couldn’t have faked it, even if you were the best actress in the world. That day was real, which means the rest of our days together were real.”
“They were, Zack. I understand why you were angry, and hurt. I know how much being used by women has hurt you. And I know you think I used you, too. But I didn’t—I mean maybe I did a little—but not that way. Never when it came to my feelings, or yours.”
“I knew you understood because you know me so well.”
“I do know you.”
It’s awkward for a moment as we stand there looking at each other again. Neither one of us knows what to do. Zack finally walks over and hugs me. I wrap my arms around him and hold him tight against me. He breaks away and smiles at me before starting for the door. He turns before he reaches it and gives me my special smile.
“By the way—this,” he says motioning to my outfit. “This is hot. Like seriously hot. I’m going to need more than one cold shower when I get home.”
“The pencils in my hair and the combat boots I’m wearing turn you on that much, huh?”
“Yeah. They really do. And don’t forget the glasses. Hot. See you tomorrow.”
“Bye.”
I fall back into my chair, and fan myself. He’s not the only one who needs a cold shower. I can’t believe my thong didn’t burst into flames from all the heat he just caused to flood through me. I can’t wait until tomorrow.
* * *
Zack
Everyone’s here except for Ainsley. They all compliment me on the house and ask what the collage says. I tell them it’s something special for just her and I, and most of them leave it alone. Most of them. Deidre’s been after me since she got here. Apparently, the quarterback isn’t enough for her. She wants to know why another woman is on the wall of my living room so soon after we broke up.
“We didn’t break-up, Deidre, because we were never together. I didn’t even kiss you for God’s sake.”
“Let’s remedy that.”
Before I can process her words, she launches herself at me and kisses me. I push her off immediately, but realize it’s too late when I see Ainsley running from the room. “Stupid bitch.”
“Excuse me.”
“You heard me.”
She goes to slap me, but Faith grabs her arm. “I think you need to leave.”
I mouth a “thanks” to her as I go into the bathroom to wash my face and mouth. I need to find Ainsley, but I want to get all traces of Deidre off of me first. After a few minutes of mouthwash, I feel good enough to go look for her. I step out onto the back porch and freeze. She’s in the swing with Scott Griffin. They can’t see me where I’m standing, so I decide to listen for a minute and find out just how bad it is.
“He’s been trying to avoid that woman since she got here. She grabbed him and kissed him. He pushed her away immediately.”
“He did?”
“Yes. And this house, Ainsley? He had Chloe, Stella, and I help him design it for you. Chloe mixed in some things for him, like the lights you bought him, but he asked Stella for ideas on what you’d want.”
“Wow. That’s…umm…wow.”
“Yes it is. That collage in the living room is crazy romantic. You ran out before seeing the additions Owen helped him with. But even before that…I mean the guy translated words into binary for you. If Yas did that for me, she’d be coming all night.”
“I rewarded him for that.”
Yes, she did.
“Don’t punish him for what some other chick did. He loves you. Wait until you see the workroom he had me design for you. It’s crazy sick, and the desk Owen built you is better than the one he built for me.”
“Jealous, huh?”
“Maybe. There’s something I wanted to talk to you about. Something he said to me the first time I met him.”
“What is it?”
“He said that you thought none of us noticed you in college.”
“Oh, well, yeah.”
“I need you to know that we all noticed you, Ainsley. How could we not? You’re gorgeous, sexy, and brilliant. For me personally, I wasn’t planning to settle down; I cared too much for you to just fuck you. The other guys? They were scared of being turned down. You were out of all our leagues then, and you still are now. We all put you in that ‘friend zone’ because we had to, not because we wanted to. I’m so lucky to be able to call you my friend, and I’m always going to be here for you if you need me. For anything.”
Damn if that wasn’t one of the most awesome speeches I’ve ever heard. Scott Griffin will always have an ally in me. For whatever he needs. Because he just made the woman I love feel good about herself. I watch as they hug each other tight. He looks up and sees me. He nods as he pulls away from her.
“I’m going to go find my amazing wife while your man steps out of the shadows to take care of you.”
“What?”
She turns and I step into the light. Scott and I do the guy hug thing before he walks back inside. “Can I sit with you?”
“Sure.”
Her eyes are still wet, but she looks so beautiful. Her hair’s in another one of the up-dos she likes so much when she’s dressed up. Her dress is an off the shoulder style with small sleeves. It’s a nude color with black straps and buckles all over it. It’s tight on top, but flares out a little at the top of her thighs. Her shoes continue the buckle theme.
It’s not her dress or shoes that make her beautiful, though. It’s the confidence she’s showing me as she looks me in the eye. “It’s nice to see you looking so sure of yourself. I’m glad he could give that to you.”
“Only a part of it’s from him. Don’t get me wrong, it felt great to know that he and the other guys wanted me, but it’s even better to know that you want me. When you told me I was sexy in my messy outfit the other day, I felt empowered. You want me just the way I am. I can always put on one of these sexy dresses, but I need someone who appreciates me for who I am day to day. Not just in a dress.”
“I need the same thing, so I guess it’s good that we give that to each other.”
“Yes. It is. Very good.”
I reach for her hand, and she lets me hold it. “Would you like the grand tour of the house? Or something to eat? Faith outdid herself with the menu.”
“Food first, maybe. All this crying makes me hungry.”
“And here I thought it was just the promise of my recipes.”
I turn to see Faith and Stella walking towards us. They each have a plate and drink in their hand. I take the plate from Faith and hand it to Ainsley. I put the one from Stella on the table beside the swing, along with the beer and fruity drink.
“Thanks.”
“You’re not going to eat that?”
“We will. We just always eat off of one plate together,” Ainsley tells Stella with a smile.
“You two are too fucking cute. Let’s go, Faith, before they start using the ‘L’ word.”
“Love you, Stella,” I yell after her and laugh as she flips me off.
“My friends like you.”
“Don’t sound so surprised. I’m very likeable. Some may even say loveable.”
I feed her a mini quiche before she can respond. Or maybe so she can’t respond. Her eyes twinkle as she feeds me a Kobe slider.
“Your sister loves you, that’s for sure.”
“Yeah she does. I think the fans love me, too,” I tell her as I slip a fried pickle slice between her lips.
I open my mouth for a mini egg roll. “I’m a fan.”
“My favorite fan.”
We go on like that for quite a while, flirting and feeding each other. It’s fun and sexy. It’s also easy. There’s nothing forced about our banter. It comes naturally, just like it always has.
The plates are empty and we down the last of our drinks. “Can I kiss you, Ains?”
“Don’t you want to go mingle with your guests?”
“I told you yesterday that you’re the only one I want here.”
“It’s rude.”
“Good. Maybe they’ll leave.”
“One kiss, and then we go mingle before you give me the tour.”
“Deal.”
We lean in and meet each other’s lips. It’s like we were never apart. I hold the back of her head, and she grabs my bicep. We both groan when we include our tongues. She said one kiss, but she didn’t put a time limit on it. I don’t let go of her lips for several minutes. I lean my forehead against hers as we both catch our breath.
“That should’ve counted as twenty kisses.”
“My lips never left yours.”
“Technicality.”
“Are you complaining?”
“Hell, no.”
“I didn’t think so.”
Chapter 17
Ainsley
This night has been kind of like a fairytale. Zack only let go of my hand when we took bathroom breaks. We did that together—in different bathrooms, of course—so we wouldn’t be apart for long. He joked with his teammates and was attentive to my friends. I felt like the queen of the manor as everyone commented on the artwork of us over the mantel.
With Owen Griffin’s help, Zack added some more words and pictures. They finished it all with some kind of coating and put it under plexi-glass. I haven’t had time to explore the rest of the house yet, but even just in the living room I can see the little touches that are there for me. Knick-knacks have a tech theme and there are splashes of purple here and there. Chloe also added a brick wall because she knows I love them.
The party winds down and I say goodbye to all my friends—from work, and the team. Jack Rivers asked me to be on the sidelines this Sunday, and I told him I’d love to. Once everyone’s gone, and we’ve helped Faith and the crew she hired clean up, Zack pushes me up against the wall and devours my mouth. I pull away even though my body’s protesting.
“I’m not staying here tonight.”
“Okay.”
Ouch. That hurt a little. I thought he’d at least try to get me to stay. “Do you still want to show me around?”
“Of course. You may not stay tonight, but there’s always tomorrow. Or Friday, after we go to the ball. I can be patient.”
“The ball?”
“You did ask me to the ball on Friday. I was hoping the offer still stands.”
“It does. Of course it does.”
“Good.”
He kisses the hollow of my neck and then steps back. He takes my hand and leads me through the house. The kitchen is like mine, but bigger. His office has nicer furniture, and more of it. There’s a room with a giant TV and every gaming system there is, plus a wall full of games. My mouth drops open at that one. He closes it with a laugh, and then I push him against the wall to kiss him.
Next to that room is my workroom. I stumble when I walk in the door. It’s amazing. There’s no other word for it. The counters are made of light purple plexi-glass and filled with computer pieces and glitter. My desk is a darker purple, filled with computer pieces as well. But it also has footballs, softballs, baseballs, volleyballs, and soccer balls in the wide legs. There are outlets everywhere, but no computers—Scott knows I’d want to bring in my own. There’s shelf space for all the toys and things I’ve collected to be moved from my apartment to here. The walls have cool artwork that Owen must’ve done, and just, wow. Even the floor sparkles. It’s the perfect mix of the old me, and the new me. The geek and the girl. I love it.
“Ains. Say something, please.”
“It’s perfect. Absolutely perfect.”
“Thank God. Scott said it would be, but I’ve never seen your other workroom, so I wasn’t sure.”
“I can’t believe you did all this for me.”
“Even if you’re not ready for it, this is our home to me, babe.”
“I’m scared to see the rest. I may move in tonight.”
“I’d love that, but you already told me you’re not staying tonight.”
“I’d sleep in here. On the counter. Seriously.”
“If you want to stay, you could sleep in one of the guestrooms. I’m only using one of the six.”
“You’re in a guestroom?”
“Yes. The first time I sleep in our bed, you need to be there with me.”
“You-you didn’t…with the doctor?”
“You thought I’d sleep in our bed with someone else?”
“It wasn’t our bed anymore.”
“It’s always been our bed, and it always will be. For the record, I didn’t sleep with her anywhere. Until she launched herself at me tonight, I’d never even touched my lips with hers.”
I pull him to me so fast that we both stumble. He shoots his arms out and grabs the counter with one hand, and me with the other. I step backward and hop onto the counter, pulling him between my legs. I wrap them around him, and capture his mouth. I’m kissing him, and eventually rocking into him. That’s when he stops and pulls away.
“Not tonight. You told me that earlier, and even though you may want to stay now, I need to honor your original wishes. I don’t want you to regret anything.”
“Fine. Be honorable. You offered me a guest room, though.”
“That I did. Pick one and it’s yours.”
“But I have no pajamas,” I say as I bat my eyes.
“Actually you do, little vixen. Stella filled your closet and dresser with things you’d like.”
I pinch myself. Yep, this is real. Zack did all this for me. Even after I deceived him.
“Let’s go check out those rooms.”
We go upstairs, and I look in all the rooms. He’s had each of them furnished. They’re all comfortable, and not too girly.
“Would your brothers be okay in these?”
“My brothers?”
“Yeah. I’d like to meet them. And your parents. I told Chloe not to make the rooms too girly so they could stay with us.”
“Um, that’s nice but they can’t stay with us.”
“Why not?”
“They’re more protective than the girls. They wouldn’t let me sleep in the same room as you.”
“Well, shit.”
“It’s not a problem. I haven’t invited them out yet.”
“That’s true. Are you ready to see our room?”
There was something off in his response right now, but I’m too excited to see our bedroom to dwell on that right now. “Yes, please.”
We walk to the double doors. Zack pushes them open and then steps to the side. I walk into a fantasy bedroom. I’m not even kidding. It’s both the most romantic and the sexiest bedroom I’ve ever seen.
Our bed is the centerpiece, of course. There are purple and gold sheer curtains around the posts, and he had the inlays changed to purple. The other furniture we got at the antique store is complemented by tufted chairs and a chaise by the big windows. There’s a chandelier—a freaking chandelier—handing from the ceiling.
I walk into the bathroom to see a big Jacuzzi tub and a separate glass shower. On either side is a door. One leads to a nice sized closet for Zack. The other leads to a gigantic closet and dressing room for me. And it’s full. There are clothes, bags, shoes…everything. And he’s right. Stella picked things I’d like. They’re sexy, but comfortable. Next to the designer heels are Chucks in every color, and next to the gowns are funky dresses that I’d probably wear over leggings.
“Is it okay? Is everything okay?”
I turn to see Zack leaning against the door looking sexy as hell. He always looks hot, but when he’s in a suit—especially one that’s got his tie and shirt undone—well, it takes his hotness to a whole new level.
“Yes. Beyond yes. I don’t know what that is, but this house is it. Is it okay for you, though? There’s a lot of me throughout.”
“You saw it before Chloe decorated. I don’t need or want much. The fact that there is a lot of you makes me happy because that’s all I need. You. Besides, the backyard and the gym are pretty much all me.”
“Yeah?” He nods. “I didn’t notice it when I was here before, and I couldn’t see much of it tonight since it was dark, but I loved the swing.”
“My parents’ house has a porch swing. They used to sit on it every night. They made us stay inside so they could have that time alone. I always said I’d have a porch swing at my house, too, so my wife and I could swing every night.”
“How about a girlfriend swinging with you?”
“Are you applying for the position of my girlfriend? The interview process is pretty rigorous.”
“I have the jacket and ring already. So I think I passed.”
“I might need a refresher on the mouth to mouth part of the test.”
“That could be arranged.”
I walk over to him, grabbing him buy the lapels, and kiss the hell out of him. Before we both lose control, he pulls out that irritating new honorable side again. Scratch that, he’s always been honorable, just not when it came to us and a bed.
“Grab your pajamas and pick a room.”
“Fine. You go on back to your room, and I’ll pick mine.”
“Goodnight, Ains.”
I just smile and blow him a kiss. I’ve already picked the room I want, and it just so happens that he’s already sleeping in there. He told me yesterday that he wouldn’t play fair in trying to get me back. Well, I’m not going to play fair when it comes to getting him to make love to me.
I know I told him earlier that I wasn’t staying, but seeing him with my friends, and then what he had done to the house, it’s just too much for me to ignore. Everything he did for me, including having a party here, is so wonderful. I don’t care anymore about looking weak, or easy. I just want to be with the man I love. He’s worried about me having regrets, but I’ll only regret tonight if I’m not with him.
* * *
Zack
I’m proud of myself for my self-control. My body’s pissed, but I know I did the right thing. I want Ainsley to be sure when she climbs back into bed with me. Knowing that she could regret being with me would kill me. I need release, though, so I push down my briefs, and take myself in hand.
I’m stroking hard when the door opens. Ainsley’s eyes widen, but then she licks her lips and gives me a devilish smile.
“Don’t stop on my account. That’s hot.”
“Wh-what are you doing here?”
I don’t take my hand off my cock because I’m really close, and I just can’t stop. Especially with her watching me.
“You told me to pick a room. I pick this one.”
“I’ll get out in a minute. I can’t walk right now.”
“I didn’t say I wanted you to leave.”
She unties the robe she’s wearing, and lets it fall off her shoulders. Oh fuck. She’s got on a corset with garter things hanging down. And that’s it. No panties, and the corset stops below her bare breasts. She licks her fingers and then rubs them around her nipples. The bed is banging against the wall as I fuck my hand.
“You need some help with that big, hard cock of yours,” she tells me before walking over and taking me in her mouth.
She’s fucking herself with her fingers, and since I was almost there already, the sight of it takes me over. I come hard in her mouth. I can’t take it, seeing her wet pussy glistening at me as I come down. I turn us over and attack her with my mouth. I replace her fingers with mine and work her until she’s screaming.
“I’m sorry, Ains. I tried. I really tried to resist.”
“The only thing I’m going to have a problem with tomorrow is you apologizing for making me come. Now shut up and take me to our bed.”
I laugh as I pick her up and carry her there. We get no sleep as we take each other over and over again all night.
It’s a good thing the new coach gave us a day off to relax because there’s no way I could perform on the field after performing all night. My woman’s insatiable, and I wake up to her riding me. I grab her hips and thrust into her until we both come hard.
“Good morning.”
“It’s better than good. Aren’t you sore after last night? It’s been weeks since we went like that.”
“A little, but you know I can never get enough of you.”
“I do know that. Do you have any plans for today?”
“I have to work. Jade leaves on Saturday for a new mission, and I have to make sure everything’s ready for her.”
All of a sudden I realize that Ainsley could be leaving for a mission. I wouldn’t know where she was, or if she was safe. Those thoughts scare me enough to have me sitting straight up in bed.
“What’s wrong, Zack?”
“Are you going on another mission soon?”
She shakes her head and looks a little sad. “I can’t, Zack.”
“Why not? Did those assholes hurt you when they had you?”
I didn’t see any marks on her when I was playing with her body last night, and she definitely wasn’t moving slow or like she was in pain. But maybe it’s internal.
“I’m not hurt. I’ve just been exposed.”
“Exposed? They took pictures of you? I know they’re in jail, but I’ll kill them.”
“Calm down. What I meant is that the press took pictures of us.”
Oh God. I never thought of that. “I’m so sorry. I’ve ruined your career. I shouldn’t have kissed you after my touchdown.”
“You didn’t ruin my career. Jane and Reina said I can still go out on mini missions, and I’m valuable enough behind my computer. And you damn well better kiss me when you make a touchdown on Sunday. Not to mention at the ball tomorrow.”
“I’m still sorry. Not for the kissing, but for putting you in the public eye.”
“Wherever you are is where I’m going to be. If that’s in front of a camera, so be it. I had to complete that mission because I don’t break my promises, but you mean more to me than my job.”
“I feel the same. I won’t leave if something happens to my contract here.”
“Nothing’s happening to your contract. Jack loves you. So do I.”
“I love you, too. Jack—well, I like him a lot—but I don’t think he could pull off the corset.”
“Come take a shower with me, and then we can have some breakfast before I go to work.”
“I’m coming.”
“Yes, you are.”
We have a very fun shower that we both enjoy. We make breakfast together, and I can finally show her the backyard. She loves the waterfall swimming pool with the grotto, the large grassy area—which is fake grass, but so good you can’t tell unless you know—the cabanas, and the outdoor kitchen. The gym is my pride and joy, though, and when we walk into the building, I can tell she loves it, too.
“I get to work out in here with you, right?”
“Anytime you want.”
“I can’t believe you had all of this out here when I came over, and I didn’t even see it.”
“We were a little preoccupied then.”
“Yes, we were. Can I come over after work or is that too clingy?”
“Cling away, babe. I want you to move in as soon as you’re ready.”
“I’m ready now. I just have to get my stuff packed up.”
“I could do that today if you want.”
“You don’t want to relax on your day off?”
“No. I’ve had a month of Sundays to relax.”
“Then yes, please pack up my things and bring them here. You can leave the dishes and stuff. I just need my clothes and personal stuff.”
“Is it okay to go into your workroom?”
“Oh. Yeah. I mean, maybe don’t touch the computers, but you can carefully pack up my collectibles.”
“I’ll be super careful. I appreciate you trusting me with them.”
“I trust you with everything I have.”
“Except your computers.”
“I-I could tell you how to take them apart.”
“I was kidding, Ains. I wouldn’t touch them. I know my limitations.”
“Call me if you have any problems or are unsure of anything.”
“I will. Have fun at work.”
“You know me so well.”
“I do.”
I spend the morning packing everything up. It doesn’t take too long because a couple of the security guys offer to help out. They tell me they’ll miss Ainsley, but they’re happy that we’re together. They also threaten me. I’m not sure there’s anyone left in this city who hasn’t threatened me. I like it, though. It just shows how much my girl is loved.
With the extra help, I’m done by one o’clock. After a quick text to Stella, I head to the Corrigan & Co. building. Alex smiles at me as I walk in and then sends me through to the elevator. Conversations stop again when I walk into the basement. I know they’re just looking out for their boss, but it’s unnerving for all these people who could wipe out my bank accounts to be glaring at me.
“What’s going on out here?” she asks as she walks out of her office. “Oh. Zack. Hi.” She gifts me with a big smile when she sees me.
“Hi. I got done early, and Stella said you didn’t have lunch yet. So I stopped by to have lunch with you, if that’s okay.”
“Yeah. Of course it’s okay. We can eat in the cafeteria. They have every kind of food imaginable.”
“Wow. You’re actually eating in the cafeteria and not just snacking at your desk? Is the world ending?”
“Shut it Jake.”
Jake winks at me and then walks over. He holds his hand out, and I shake it. “Scott says you’re good for her. I think he’s right.”
“I’m trying really hard to be.”
“Enough with the bromance, are we eating?”
“Yes, my love, we’re eating.”
We hold hands as we walk up the elevator and out into the hall. People come out of their offices as they see us walking down the hall to the cafeteria. If they weren’t scared of Matt, they’d probably have their phones out, too. He’s super protective of the girls, and everyone knows it
When we walk into the cafeteria, it gets quiet again. Unlike in Ainsley’s office, this silence is more curious than hostile.
“They’re wondering what you’re doing with me.”
“Why would they wonder that?”
“They…umm…well most of the people who work here think I’m just a weird nerd.”
“Seriously?”
“I’ve heard those exact words used to describe me. They think I don’t fit in since I dress like I do and don’t try to be glamorous.”
She pushes her glasses higher up on her nose. It’s so cute when she does that. And sexy. The idiots who work here need a reality check. I grab her into a passionate kiss, dipping her down in my arms. When I let her up, I address the workers with their mouths hanging open.
“I fuck her while she wears her glasses, too. It’s crazy hot. Sexy, nerdy girls are the best.”
Ainsley’s bright red, but she’s smiling at me. I give her another quick kiss and then pull her towards the food stations. We load up one plate before sitting down right in the middle of the cafeteria where the staring hasn’t stopped. We eat off our plate, tuning out everyone but each other as we flirt and laugh.
A shadow falls over the table when we’re almost done. I look up and see Matt standing next to me. He smiles at Ainsley, and then at me.
“I’ve been watching the two of you. He’s a keeper, Little Mouse.”
“I know, Matt.”
“Take good care of her, Taylor.”
“I will.”
He nods and walks away. I pick up our plate and cups, and carry them to the drop off area. When I walk back to the table, there’s a young guy there talking to Ainsley. He’s got a cocky swagger, and I can tell she’s trying not to laugh.
“What’s up, man?”
“I was just inviting Ainsley to a party my friends and I are throwing. You can come, too.”
“Aww that’s sweet of you to ask, but we’re busy.”
“You don’t even know what day it is.”
“No. But I know all of you were assholes to my woman before I walked in here today. What would possibly make you think we’d hang out with you after you treated her badly?”
“We didn’t know she was hot.”
“Hello. I’m right here.”
I smile at her before glaring back at him. “Your eyes aren’t working? Maybe you need glasses. She’s about to set this place on fire with how hot she is, and if you can’t see that without me telling you, I don’t know how you got a job here. Because you’re obviously not the brightest bulb in the box.”
“You’ll be a has-been in a few years. Sooner if you hurt yourself. What will you do then?”
“He’ll use his degree, asshole.”
“Walk away, dude. This conversation is going downhill fast.”
“Scared of me, Taylor?”
“Seriously? Why would I be scared of you?”
“I know karate.”
He moves into a martial arts position, and I can’t stop myself from laughing. I could snap him like a twig. Knowing what I know now, Ainsley probably could, too. We’re saved from it all when Tegan and Stella walk over.
“Overcompensating again, huh?”
“I have nothing to overcompensate for, Stella.”
“We both know better.”
“You weren’t complaining while we were fucking, Tegan.”
“I think I fell asleep.”
“Bitches.”
“Yep. We are. Sadly we’re not too discerning about who we sleep with. Case in point—you.” God, I love Stella.
“You going for him next?” the asshole asks motioning to me.
“Never. He wouldn’t have us anyway. He’s all about our girl here. Which is exactly how it should be. Now run along before he kicks your ass.”
He tries to look smug as he walks off, but he can’t pull it off. I hug the two girls and thank them for their support. Tegan makes sure I know that when she said they’d never go for me, it was because I’m with Ains, not because she was trying to insult me. I assure her that we’re all good.
I walk Ainsley back to her office, and kiss her thoroughly, before heading back to the house. I have everything unpacked when she gets home, and she shows me just how much she appreciates me. While she’s wearing her glasses.
Chapter 18
Ainsley
I’m in my dressing room, getting ready for the ball tonight. Zack’s in the bedroom and I told him not to come in because I want to wow him. My dress is crazy. Stella and I both knew it was the one when we saw it on the runway a few months ago. It’s mostly white with a cool, square strapless neckline. At the waist it starts to deconstruct. It looks like a painting that’s in pieces with a big pink flower, and leaves, in pieces and layers to the floor. There’s a small train in the back, too.
I’m doing something different tonight by leaving most of my hair down. I have it pulled back with a pink rhinestone headband so it’s sleek in front with curls rumbling over my back. I couldn’t find any jewelry I liked, but I think the dress is enough without jewelry. I walk out of the room and stop when I see Zack standing by the window. I steady myself against the door so I don’t swoon down to the floor.
I must make a sound because he looks over and his mouth drops open. “Babe, you look…I don’t even know if there’s a word for how good you look.”
“You look very nice, too.”
“I have something for you. Stella helped me find it.”
“Of course she did. I think you two are closer than her and I are. And we’re really close.”
“You’re not upset about that, are you? We both just love you, and she likes to help me spoil you.”
“No, I’m not mad. I love you both, too. Although you know how I feel about too much spoiling.”
“You can go buy me whatever you want to balance it out.”
“Deal. Now show me what you’ve got.”
He pulls a jewelry box out of his pocket. Inside are beautiful diamond rose earrings. They’re perfect for my dress. Of course they are—Stella found them.
“They’re beautiful.”
“I picked them. Stella found me a few pairs, and I picked these.”
I know I look like a maniac with the smile lighting up my face, but I love that he picked them. “They’re perfect. You’re the best boyfriend a girl could ever have.”
“Hold that thought for a couple of hours.”
“Cryptic much?”
“Well, I am in love with a secret agent.”
“True.”
It’s a quick ride to the Lou Ruvo building. We walk into the ballroom holding hands, and it takes me a moment to believe what I’m seeing. At one of the tables ringing the dance floor are my parents, my four brothers, my sister-in-law, Sierra, and a couple who I assume to be Zack’s parents.
“Zack, what are they doing here?”
“Helping me surprise you.”
“I can’t believe you did this.”
“Believe it. I know you miss your family, and I wanted you to meet my parents. We should probably go over there before they think we’re ignoring them.”
“You’re right. I look okay, don’t I? I mean, I want to make a good impression on your parents.”
“You already have, babe. Both Si and I have told them how awesome you are. They can’t wait to meet you.”
We walk over and are immediately engulfed in hugs from everyone. During dinner, we all talk and get to know one another. My parents and brothers are in love with Zack within minutes, and I think his parents like me, too. Sierra and I chat in between the kisses Zack keeps giving me. Everyone thinks it’s cute that we eat from the same plate, and we both blush at that. It’s one thing for our friends to comment, but when it’s your family, well that’s a whole different ball game.
My friends come over to say hi to my parents and meet Zack’s. We all get quiet as Jane takes the stage to give her speech. I’m in awe of her and so proud to be working for her.
“Thank you for all coming here tonight. It means so much to me, my friends on the board, and the women who work for us that you would choose to support us tonight. As you know, one hundred percent of your donations tonight will go towards helping us help women in need. I’m not going to give a big speech, as I’ll be stopping by every table to thank you all personally.
“I’d like to invite Las Vegas Legions running back Zachary Taylor up here now. He has something he’d like to say.”
Zack smiles at me as he gets up and walks to the stage. Jane hugs him tight before handing him the microphone. She whispers something to him, and he nods. When he turns around, he looks straight at me.
“Good evening everyone. I’m really thankful that you’re all here supporting this great foundation. The woman I love works for Jane, so it’s good to know that thanks to your generous donations she’ll be able to support me when my football career is over.”
Everyone laughs, and he waits for them to quiet down again before continuing.
“Jane was kind enough to let me do this at her ball because she loves Ainsley as much as I do. Some of you know my girl, know that she’s brilliant, beautiful, and the best friend anyone could ever have. We started out as just friends. I wanted more than that from the moment we met, but she insisted that being friends was all she would offer me. I can be patient when I want something, or someone, badly enough, so I decided to waited for her to realize that we should be more. That was the best decision I’ve ever made in my life.
“Our friendship turned into so much more, but we both made some mistakes that led to bumps in our road to forever. We’ve paved over those bumps, and now forever’s back on the table. Before I do something stupid again, I need to ask her an important question. So please join me over her, Ains.”
Oh my God. My family’s here. His family’s here. And all our friends are here. He’s going to propose. I hurry over to him as fast as I can in this big dress.
“Yes.”
“I didn’t ask my question yet,” he says with the smile that belongs only to me on his face.
“Oh sorry. Go ahead.”
He drops to one knee as I start to shake. I’m going to cry. There’s no way I’m not going to cry. He sees it and kisses my hand as he takes it, rubbing his fingers over my palm to try and calm me down.
“Ainsley Martin, I love you more than anything or anyone in the world. You really are every minute of my every day. Will you please marry me?”
“Yes. I can say that now, right?”
“Yes, babe. You can say that now.”
The ballroom erupts in applause as he opens up the jewelry box in his hand to get out the ring he picked. As he slips the glittering diamond on my finger, I notice that it’s shaped like a football. I beam at him as he stands up. Then we’re kissing, and he’s picking me up to twirl me around as our family and friends surround us.
Epilogue
Faith
I’m happy for Ainsley. Zack’s a great guy, and she deserves the fairytale. Just because I realize that, doesn’t mean I want to see it. I don’t want to settle down, but a boyfriend would be nice. I’ve been doing so many missions and pretend caterings lately that it’s made finding one impossible. I can’t even remember the last time I had sex, and I really need that release.
“Not over there celebrating with the happy couple?”
I look next to me and see a gorgeous guy with short black hair and dark brown eyes looking at me with a cocky smile on his face. He looks a little familiar, but honestly so does everyone lately. Between the missions and fake catering, I’m pretty sure I’ve seen the whole city in the last few months.
“I congratulated them.”
“So you can get out of here then.”
“With you?”
“Yes, with me. I’ve been watching you all night.”
“Stalker much?”
I should be freaked out, but I’m a little turned on. He’s hot and he wants me. I’ve never been a one night stand girl, like some of my friends, but I want to leave with him. I want to do something wild and fun, just for me. Besides, it’s not like I couldn’t take him down if it came to that.
“Interested is a more appropriate word. I want to get you out of that tight blue dress and wrap that sexy long hair of yours around my hand while I fuck you hard.”
Oh. He’s one of them. Dammit. I’m not cutting my hair just because the weirdoes like it. “I’m not into guys with a hair fetish. So thanks but no thanks.”
I start to move, but he places his hand on my arm. “I don’t have a hair fetish. I normally could care less what a woman’s hair looks like. Your hair is just part of what intrigues me about you. I do want to pull it, though. I won’t lie.”
“What do I get to pull in return?”
“Anything you want. I’m happy to be your plaything.”
“Let’s get out of here before I change my mind.”
* * *
Gavin
I don’t even know her name, but I heard someone say she was in charge of the menu tonight. She thinks her hair turns me on? I wonder how she’d feel if she knew her food is even sexier to me. I’d noticed her before I ate. Who wouldn’t? She’s got on one of those sexy bandage style dresses in a bright blue. It goes all the way to the floor, but it’s sexy as hell. It’s got a deep v neck with a couple of the straps crossing over the top. I’ve been itching to get my hands inside that v to caress her small but perfect looking breasts.
Then there’s the hair. I mean what I said about not having a fetish, but damn if I couldn’t be persuaded to take up one after seeing hers. It’s brown with a few red and blonde highlights that falls in layers to her waist. I don’t just want it wrapped around my hands, I also want to feel it whipping my chest as she rides me.
When you get past her body and hair, her face is no less remarkable. Brown almond-shaped eyes, a cute little nose, high cheekbones, and lush lips combine to make her one of the most stunning women I’ve ever seen. And I’ve seen my fair share.
But it’s her food that made me bold enough to approach her. Her menu for tonight was decadent, but simple. Everything she used was organic, but she hid it well enough that the snobs wouldn’t turn up their nose. I was in heaven from the first bite I took. I knew I had to have her.
I’m being reckless tonight, and I know it. I may have seen quite a few women in my life, but I haven’t bedded as many as I could have. I have to be selective about who I choose, and for dating, I don’t normally have a choice. My mother, or someone from her staff, chooses for me. She would kill me if she knew I was following someone home without even knowing her name. I don’t care. I want this woman, and for once I’m going to do something for myself.
* * *
Faith
I shouldn’t be bringing him back to my place, but I know I’ll be safe here, so this is where I’m taking him. I stop at the guard gate to let him catch up and tell them to let him in. I park in my spot and wait for him at the elevator. He reaches for my hand, and I let him take it. We walk across the lobby like that, holding hands. The guys in the lobby raise their eyebrows, but I smile at them and they relax.
We take the interior elevator to my floor. I start getting nervous the second we step out. My apartment’s not exactly normal, so I hope he doesn’t freak out and run. I open my door and pull him inside after me.
“Whoa.” I stiffen. “This is amazing.”
I spin to face him. “You like it?”
“What’s not to love about this kitchen? I wish my place had a kitchen taking up two-thirds of the living space.”
“You like to cook?”
“I love to cook.”
I reach for him and crush my lips to his. We stumble a little, but he steadies us. He starts pulling me towards the giant island in the middle of the room, and I let him. He’s kissing and biting my neck as I pull his jacket off and start working on his tie.
“We don’t need our clothes off this time. I just need to be inside of you.”
“Yes.” Oh God, yes. I want it here in my kitchen.
He turns me around and pushes my dress up to my hips. He runs his hands over my ass before tearing my thong off. I bend over the island and brace myself as I hear his pants drop to the floor and then that unmistakable sound of foil being ripped open.
“Are you ready, chef?”
“Yes.”
He enters me in one thrust and I cry out from how good it feels. “You like it.”
“I do.”
I feel him twist my hair around his hand and it stings a little when he tugs on it. He doesn’t pull so hard that it hurts me, just enough to increase the pleasure I’m feeling.
“Touch yourself. I don’t know how long I can wait for you.”
I do as what he commands me to, rubbing circles around my clit. He starts sucking and biting my neck again, and I arch back into him as I come. He follows pretty quickly after me. We stand there for a moment as we both try to catch our breath.
“I hope you have more condoms, because I obviously didn’t do a good job that time.”
“It was great. I promise.”
“You didn’t scream.”
“Oh. I don’t do that. Scream, I mean.”
“You will for me.”
“You can try to make me, but I promise you, I’m not a woman who loses control.”
“Wanna bet?”
“Sure.”
He turns me around and has me lean back as he puts his hands inside the top of my dress. I gasp as he pinches my nipples. “Loser cooks breakfast in the morning.”
I nod because if I open my mouth, I’m screaming. Good thing I love to cook breakfast.
* * *
Gavin
She screamed last night. More than once. It was hands down the best night of my life, and even though I won, I’m cooking breakfast. When I woke up with her in my arms, I knew I was in trouble. I couldn’t just walk out on her.
“I was supposed to cook since I lost the bet.”
“I know, but I wanted to cook for you.”
“No one ever cooks for me, so thank you.”
“You’re very welcome.”
“I’m Faith, by the way.”
“Gavin,” I tell her, wishing that I told her sooner so she would’ve screamed my name as she came. Too late for that now.
“I don’t normally do…this…so I’m not sure how this works.”
“We have a nice breakfast together, fuck again if you want, and then I go on my way.”
“Do you want to see me again?”
“Yes. But I can’t.”
“Oh…? Oh! You’re not married are you? Please tell me you’re not married.”
“I’m not married, Faith. And I don’t have a girlfriend. I’m not the type of guy who would sleep with another woman while I was with someone else. My life’s just complicated, and as much as I like you, this has to just be a one-time thing.”
“Okay. Well, thanks for breakfast.”
We eat in silence and I hate it. We had so much fun last night, and now it’s just awkward. There’s nothing I can do about it, though. A chef wouldn’t be up to my mother’s standards and until I can untangle myself from her, I’m stuck. Once we finish eating, I get dressed and kiss her softly at the door before leaving.
* * *
Faith
I’m with my mentor, Cyndi, waiting for the woman I need to impress for my next mission. She’s a senator who likes to spend her off time here in Vegas. Winter recess was just announced, so she’s getting her house ready. We paid her normal chef to quit so I can take over and work undercover in her house.
Either she, or someone who works for her, is passing along state secrets to the highest bidder. This was a last minute thing, so I wasn’t able to go over her file. I only know that she’s very conservative, and runs her house—and her family—with an iron fist. Fun times ahead for me.
She’s been after Evan’s support for years. She’ll never get it, but Cyndi is using it to bait her into hiring her favorite chef. Me. I’ve prepared one of my favorite dishes, and I hope she likes it well enough to hire me.
While we wait, I think about Gavin. It’s been two weeks since we were together, but I can’t stop thinking about him, and what we did. I want a repeat, and I’ve had to stop myself from asking Ainsley to find him, on more than one occasion.
“Sorry we’re late. My son was being difficult this morning. I’m sure you understand that, Cyndi. Your family had some little scandal a few years ago, didn’t they?”
“My granddaughter’s marriage wasn’t a scandal, it was a blessing. We’re not here to talk about family, though. Faith has prepared something wonderful for you.”
“There’s no need for that. My son will be the one doing most of the actual cooking.”
“Your son cooks?” Cyndi asks. This could definitely be a problem.
“Yes, but I have to keep up appearances, so I hire a fake chef. I mean, how would it look for everyone to know my son is a world-class chef who does the cooking when we entertain? If he’s out with a suitable girl, or has other plans, the chef can fill in. But no one cooks better than my son.”
“I’m sure Faith could handle that.”
The senator looks at me then. “Are you Asian, dear?”
“I’m part Chinese, yes.”
“I don’t want fried rice every night you cook.”
“That’s enough, Mother. She’s hired.”
My breath catches in my throat as we all turn to him. I’d recognize that voice anywhere. Gavin is the senator’s son, and I’m in bigger trouble than I imagined.
Read more about Faith & Gavin in
Devouring the Secret, out February 2015!
Acknowledgements
Gabi, you said I was lame if I didn’t write anything after finishing The Griffin Brothers, so I thought up this new series. Thanks for keeping me on task, and reminding me to eat. I love you.
Dominique, you love and support me, even when I’m embarrassing you. Thanks for being amazing, and letting me love you right back!
Tera Childs is the best support system a person could ever want or need. Your encouragement has made all the difference to me!
Tracy Wolff—I have no words for how much I love you. Thanks for not only being a great friend, but an inspiration as well!
The ladies who the Society founders are named for:
Jane Childs—an awe inspiring woman, who I am lucky to call my friend.
Cyndi Porter—one of the most compassionate, and beautiful people I know.
Mallory Daybell—we’ve been friends a long time, and it just keeps getting better and better. Thanks for beta reading my books and not killing me because you want Matt & Reina’s story NOW!
Helen Williams—you started out as just my (awesome) cover designer, and we’ve become friends. I’m so glad to know you, and so grateful that you share your amazing talent with me!
Maggie wasn’t named after anyone, although my middle name is Margaretha. I can’t imagine being the mom to those Griffin boys, especially when I wrote some of those scenes, so we’ll just leave it at that!
Renee Kennedy, I love you and thanks for talking up my books to everyone!
Melissa Shank, we haven’t known each other long, but I love you and appreciate all the support you throw my way!
Jessica Hinners, your input on the books is always just what I need. Sometimes, I can’t make it work exactly how you want, but you always have the readers in mind when you help me enhance a scene. I truly appreciate you!
Ashleigh Roberts created the AMAZING crest you see in the front of the book. The color version will be on lots of swag. Thanks for bringing my vision to life, and being a cool lady!
Jesse Gordon, you know I appreciate how well you take care of my books. You are a formatting god!
Ally Murphy, thanks for fixing my commas and such. I would be lost without you!
Lisa Dess and Sarah Vela, who’ve supported me from the start. Thanks for all the love (in person and on your blog).
To everyone else who has been there through this journey, and continues to help me grow as a writer—thanks for everything!
And of course to my fans. I love to know that the books mean something to you, and that my characters have touched you in some way. I can’t thank you enough!
About the Author
Crystal Perkins has always been a big reader, but she never thought she would write her own book, until she did. She lives in Las Vegas, where you can find her running author events and selling books at conventions when she isn’t reading, buying too many Sherlock t-shirts online or finding a place to put all of her Pop! figurines. A mac and cheese connoisseur, she travels the country looking for the perfect version, while attending book conventions and signings as a cover for her research. The Griffin Brothers series are all International Best Sellers, and she’s thankful to the readers who made that happen!
Find her here:
www.crystalperkinsauthor.com
facebook.com/crystalperkinsauthor
@wondermomlv
crystal@crystalperkinsauthor.com
