                           Prologue

     What's going on? Where am I? Why can't I open my eyes? They feel like they are buried under a pile of cement. Am I asleep? “Help! I need a doctor!” I hear Logan shout right beside me. Why is he yelling? Why does he need a doctor? Is he hurt? Wait, where is Jane? I have to open my eyes to see what's going on. 
     Why is everything so blurry? “What happen?” some one in a white coat runs towards us. I can't manage to see their face but I'm positive it's a doctor or it could be a scientist but I'm pretty sure it's a doctor. I try to turn to face Logan but pain shoots all over my body causing me to stop trying. Fuck! That hurts it feel like I'm burning from the inside. 
     “He got shot and has lost lot's of blood” Logan answers with a shaky voice. I got shot? That would explain the damn pain that is coming from my side. “Chris rush him to the emergency room we need to stop the bleeding right away” the same voice as before orders. I'm so weak that I can't even keep my eyes open. I feel someone's arms go around me and as they lift me up my body protest by sending unbearable pain every where. What the fuck! I want to yell and punch something but all that comes out of me is a small pathetic growl that I'm sure no one herd. “Be careful! Can't you see he is in pain” Logan shouts in frustration. At least I have him to speak up for me. 
     “Sir calm down we'll take good care of him” a woman says trying to calm him down. Where is Jane? She should be here. The ground beneath me starts moving as everything comes flashing back to me. Mark kidnapping Jane, Jane finding out I'm a cop, and Mark shooting me. Why is it getting harder for me to breath? “You can't come in here Sir you'll have to wait in the waiting room” the woman says again. “Doctor please save my brother” Logan voice comes out wobbly. Is he crying? I hear a door close behind me. 
     “Cut his shirt open, connect him to the heart monitor, and get him some anesthesia now!” the doctor barks orders. I'm in so much pain. Everything hurts right now even breathing. Even tho my eyes are close I can feel the light hitting my face causing me to keep them shut. Even tho I can't move I feel my body flinch as the cold scissors touch my skin as they cut my vest open. “Doctor he had a bulletproof vest on it seems like only a bullet made contact with the flesh but the good news is that no organs or arteries were touch”. My body feels so heavy that I can't even move my fingers. I'm exhausted all I want to do is give in to the darkness and make the pain go away. I have no strength to keep fighting.
     “His heart rate is dropping” some one yells from my right side. The beeping of the monitor are getting weaker and weaker they're so soft that they're actually making me sleepy. Why am I still fighting the darkness? I should just take a nap and deal with everything else when I wake up. “We need a blood transfusion now!” that's the last thing I hear before the darkness surrounds me.
                              Chapter 1 Jane
     Why am I outside a funeral home? How did I even get here? I don't even remember changing into this black dress this morning. Who are these people and why are they all wearing white? Am I the only one wearing black? My curiosity gets the best of me and before I know it I'm walking through the double doors. I walk right into a dark room, the only light source in here is coming from the candles, which happens to be everywhere. In the middle of the room there are 6 rows of empty chairs. The only row that has people sitting in it is the first row. I can't really see who is sitting there since their backs are turn towards me. In the right corner of the room I see a crowd of people, all wearing white, surrounding a table. All I hear around me is people crying and stuffy nose. I make my way over to the table to see what's the commotion about. “Excuse me” I try getting pass them but no one moves. “He was a good guy” an older lady says to another. “Yes he was, his downfall was falling in love with that girl, she was the death of him” she replies while cleaning her nose with a tissue. Who are they talking about? I try standing on my toes to get a view of the picture in front of them but I can't see nothing. 
     “Oh god why!” some one screams from behind me. My head quickly turns to where the screaming came from. The scream came from the girl in the first row she is crying uncontrollably her shoulders are moving as she snobs into her hands. She sounds like she just got her heart ripped out of her chest and stomped on. I don't know why but her cries are calling me in like a banshee, so with out even thinking about it I walk towards her. My legs stop moving as soon as I reach her. All I need to do is take one step to see her face but I can't move something is holding me back. The girl is sitting down with her face in her hands as she cries “Why? Just tell me why?” she asks the man next to her. That voice sounds familiar where have I herd it before? The man wraps his arm around her trying to comfort her. 
     I walk around them to get a better view and my heart drops to the floor. I know them it's Sophia and the guy next to her is Logan. He is wearing big dark sunglasses that covers half his face. “Sofy? What's wrong?” my voice comes out in a whisper. I kneel down in front of her keeping my hands on my lap. “It's my fault” she snobs ignoring my question. What's her fault? Where is Gabe? Shouldn't he be here? I look around the room but don't find him. “No,” Logan quickly adds“if there is anyone to blame here it's her” he says with his voice deep with emotion. What are they talking about? Sophia lifts her head to look at Logan. She has black streaks running down her face due to her mascara, her eyes are red and puffy due to all the crying she has done.“I should of never brought her into our life maybe Gabe would still be alive”. 
     Those words hit me so hard that they knock me down on my ass I feel all air leave my lungs.“Gabe is dead?” I ask. That can't be true he can't be dead. No one answers my question it seems like they don't even notice that I'm standing here. This can't be true. “Where is he?” I ask more aggressively this time. I'm fighting back my own tears I don't want to cry because this isn't true Gabe isn't dead. He can't be.“Why the fuck is no one answering me?” I yell from the top of my lungs as I look around the room daring some one to look at me but no one answers they don't even look my way. “What the fuck?” I whisper to myself. If no one is going to tell me where he is than I'll just have to go look for him myself. 
     I stand up and look around the room hoping to find my answer. That's when I see a white coffin surrounded by white roses and candles. Where did this come from? It wasn't here when I walked in or was it? Oh god! That can't be him. My stomach drops to the floor I think I'm going to be sick. My heart is pounding so hard that I'm sure everyone can hear it. I need to go see for myself who is in there. I have to fight my own legs for control every step I take they want to give up on me. My eyes are full with tears but I refuse to let them fall because that's not Gabe in there. After what seems like a life time I finally make it to the coffin. All I need to do is look down to see who is in there but my body is paralyze I have no control over it. Come on Jane you can do this just look down. I can do this on the count of 3. I take in a deep breath as I count in my head. When I get to the number 3 I dip my head to look inside. 
     Oh god! My legs finally give up dropping me on my knees. It's Gabe! “Oh god Gabe” I say as tears finally start rolling down my face. It seems like he is sleeping but I know better. He is wearing a white tux and his hair is comb back. He looks so handsome like always. I caress his face with my shaky hand. He is so cold like ice. “I'm so sorry” I say as sobs rip up my throat. I lay my head on top of his coffin like I used to lay it on his chest. Only this time there is no heartbeat to welcome me. Just the thought that I will never hear his heartbeat again breaks something inside of me. Every one is right I did this. I killed him. All I want to do is stay here with him until I join him. 
     “Murder!” Sophia yells. I turn around to find her pointing straight at me. “You killed him” she says with so much venom that cuts right through me. I give Gabe one last glance before standing and facing her “Sofy I didn't want this to happen”. I take a step towards her but she takes one back. I stop right in my track she doesn't want me near her. That hurts more than her words. “How dare you show your face around here murder” she spits. Every time she calls me a murder it's like she stabs me with a knife. She hates me and she has all the reason too. “Murder!” some one yells behind her as they point at me. “No I didn't mean too” I say as tears roll down my face. I didn't want this to happen. I love him. “You have my brothers blood on your hands” Sophia yells as her shaky finger points at me. No I didn't kill him! I wipe my face and notice my hands cover in blood. Where did this come from?
     “No” I cry as I walk backwards staring at my hands. They're cover in blood. His blood. I run my hands down my dress trying to clean them off. “Murder, murder” everyone starts to chant as they walk towards me. “No! I didn't do it” I say as my back hits the wall. Everyone keeps walking towards me calling me a murder pointing their fingers at me. Sophia and Logan are chanting with the rest of the crowd looking at me with so much hatred. “No, no” I drop to the floor. I wrap my arms around my legs and start rocking myself. I didn't mean to kill him. I love him. I love him! My love killed him. 
     “NOOO!” the sound of my own voice wakes me up. My eyes fly open only to be greeted by darkness. My heart is beating so hard it feels like it's going to come out of my chest, cold sweat is dripping from my forehead all the way down my neck, and I'm out of breath. It takes me a few minutes to calm down and realizes it was just a nightmare. The same nightmare I've been having every night since that awful day. My whole room is dark the only light source in here is coming from my clock. I turn to see the time and the clock reads 3 am. This is just great there is no way I'll go back to sleep now. I never do. 
     It has been 2 long dreadful months since the day I lost Gabe. You know how they say that the pain gets easier with time? Well sorry to inform you that it's all bull shit if anything the pain gets worst. I've come to a point in my life where I don't mind the pain any more. It has become a reminder of what I've lost and will never get back. At least I know it was real. That he was real. I lay back down and stare at the darkness which has become my new friend. I see it and feel it. Living without Gabe has been the hardest thing I've ever have to do in my life. I was used to having Gabe around that now that I don't have him I don't know how to go on with my life.
     So far I have gone through 3 different stages of grief. 
Stage one: Isolation. For the first couple of days I locked myself in the room ignoring everyone and everything around me. I woke up and fell asleep crying. No eating, no sunlight, I didn't even bother taking showers. What for? It's not like I cared what people thought. I've mourn Gabe all by myself. I had no one to talk to or no one to comfort me when I needed. I didn't have no one to hug me at night and tell me everything was going to be alright that I was going to get through this. Nope it was only me.    
     Stage two: Anger. After I ran out of tears the anger came. I was angry with Mark, life, but mostly myself because I could of prevent all of this. All I wanted to do was hit something to get my frustration out. That's where kickboxing came in. I would be in the gym for hours just kicking and boxing my pain away. The first couple of days my body was so sore that just breathing hurt but I welcome the pain. Any pain is better than the one I carry inside of me but that didn't last long either. Unlike the heart the body gets used to the pain you put it through. 
Which leads me to 
     Stage 3: Alcohol. Trust me when I say drinking is never the answer but alcohol is my medicine. Even if it's just for a short period of time it numbs the pain and I'll take that over being in pain all day. Anytime I start to feel anything I go straight for a bottle to drown my feelings it helps me forget how fucked up my life is. I didn't know how fucked up this situation really was until the day I walked in to that office.
2 months ago....
     “You?” I choked out. What the hell is going on? How is this possible? “Hi, Princess,” my father smiles at me from his chair “maybe you should take a seat”. I can't find the strength to move. I was prepare to face any one even the devil himself but not him. It never cross my mind that he was behind all of this. He walks around the desk and pulls a chair for me. “How?” I finally manage to ask with out moving from my spot. “Sit down and I'll explain everything” he motions to the chair. I really don't feel like sitting down but my legs don't agree with me so I take a seat. I don't know if I should be happy to see my father again or if I should be angry with him. “It's good to see you again Princess” he said with a smile on his face. I wrap my arms around myself to stop from jumping into his arms. For the first time in my life I need him to be my father and only that. I need him to comfort me and tell me everything is going to be fine. I need him to make this go away like he used to do when I was younger and had a bad day. He would always find a way to cheer me up but I'm not that little naive girl anymore. I know he can't fix this. No one can. 
     “How?” I asked with a firm voice that even takes me by surprised. I sound so strong but in the inside I'm dying. He gets up and walks towards the liquor cabinet “Where should I start?” I stare at the back of his head as he pours out some whiskey. “From the beginning” I said through clench teeth. I want to know everything. He turns around with his drink in one hand and the bottle in the other “Alright let's start from the day of your birthday party shall we?”. What does that day have to do with everything that is going on now? My face must of given me away because he answers my un-ask question “I knew you were going to run away” he takes the seat next to me. My shoulders drops. He knew? How? Why didn't he stopped me? “I knew you had something up your sleeves that whole week you were acting strange. The day of the party I hire extra people to keep an eye open. After everyone left I went upstairs to check up on you because I had a feeling something was wrong and that's when I noticed that you were missing. I called my men and order them to find you. I had some one go to the airport just in case you decided to go there,” as he said that my stomach turns upside down. I feel like I'm going to be sick. 
     “Once they called to confirm that you were at the airport I order them to follow you. I was originally going to make them bring you back home but after reading that letter I couldn't” he stops to take a sip of his drink. He had me followed? By who? No he is lying I never saw no one chasing me. “That's where Mark comes in. He was already at the airport when you got there I had him hide from you. I order him to follow you where you were going. His job was to keep an eye on you and keep me informed” he adds. Oh my God everything makes sense now! How did I miss it? That's why it seemed like Mark was always around because he was! That was his job. He was babysitting me. He was never my friend. He probably would never even talked to me if it wasn't for my dad. I never really got away from my father he made me believed I did. Everything was a lie. I feel like some one just pour a cold gallon of water all over me. 
     My dad pours out more whiskey but this time instead of drinking it himself he slides it over to me. The sound of the glass scratching the desk as it slides over to me snaps me out of my thoughts. I take a sip of the whiskey and concentrated on the burning sensation instead of everything he just confess. “You getting a job there was a coincidence by the way. When Mark called me and told me about the man who chased you I knew it was time to bring you back home. My plan was to bring you home right away but than everything started to get complicated so I had to deal with that first” he said ever so calmly. 
     So he didn't send him? So who was he? How did he know my name? What did he want from me? And most importantly who was he working for? “Why let me go in the first place if you were going to control my every move?” I ask as I tighten my hold on the drink. Why make me believe in a lie? “Like I said after I read your letter I realized how important this was for you. I decided to let you have the opportunity to experience the world but I wasn't going to throw you out there with out no protection” he reach for the cup. I'm holding it so tight that my knuckles are turning white. 
     I was so stupid how didn't I notice it before? Everything was so easy, me getting away and him never coming after me. He was always in control of my life even when I was miles away from him.       
    “What about you getting capture?” I ask. That is the only piece left of the puzzle missing. What was the point of him doing that? “The day before that happen some one called to informed me that the FBI was on there way. I'm tired of running and hiding all I want is to enjoy my life. I want you to be free from all of this crap so I came up with a plan to make them believed they capture me after all no one knows who El Rey really is” he shrugs his shoulders like if it was nothing. Some one is in jail right now pretending to be him how is that nothing? “What?” I ask in disbelief. I can't believe this my father is an evil genius he had everything planned out. “How could you dad?” I asked in total shocked. He rubs the back of his neck trying to relief some stress “Princess, I'm sorry if I hurt you in anyway but I'm not sorry for what I did”.
     I have to stop myself from laughing at him of course he isn't sorry for what he did. He always thinks he is right and to be clear he didn't hurt me, he killed me. He wasn't the one who shot Gabe but it's his fault it happen. He is the one to blame for everything. He stares into my eyes searching for the old me but once he realize that there is nothing there he breaks eye contact. “I'm glad you're here princess” he tries reaching for my hand but I pull away. 
                              Chapter 2 Jane
Now......
       “Prima,” Sammy says as she knocks on the door. Maybe if I don't answer she'll think I'm still asleep and she'll go away. “Open the door” she knocks again. I cover myself from head to toe with my bed sheets using it as a shield to protect me from the world if only that was possible. “Go away Sammy” I growl from under the sheets. I hate acting like a bitch to her but her good mood pisses me off. I rather stay in bed all day and night avoiding everything behind that door. “Please Jane” she pleads. I can almost see her bottom lip out as she pouts like a little girl. I really don't want to get out of bed but knowing her as well as I know her she'll keep knocking until I open it. I roll out of bed I don't even bother putting my slippers on I'm just going to climb back in bed anyways. “Come in” I yell as I walk back to my bed. “What are you doing?” she ask from behind me as she enters my room. I climb into bed and pull my sheets over me again “Going to sleep”. Well not really but I think she gets the point. My sheets fly off me in a quick movement “It's 12:30 in the afternoon Jane you need to get out of bed”. Did she just tell me what I need to do? I sit up and face her “I don't need nor do I want to get out of bed and if that's all you came for you can leave now”. I know that I'm being harsh with her but she just pissed me off. 
     “You're such a bitch” she scowls as she throws my sheets on the bed. She is right I am a bitch but that's the way I like it. “Funny thing that's what death does to a person” I snap back as I reach for my sheets. “Jane I know this has been hard on you,” her face softens as she moves closer to the bed. I drop my head and start playing with the corner of the sheets avoiding her stare. I can handle people being bitchy but not sympathy. I can't it's to much. “But he was the one that died not you. I don't think he would want you to live the life you are living now” she says. How dare she say that? I know he is dead the pain in my chest is a constant reminder of that. I don't need her to throw that in my face. 
     How does everyone want me keep going on with my life knowing that I am the reason he is dead? I killed him. I feel my throat closing up on me “I think it's time for you to leave before I say something I might regret” I say through clench teeth. I'm biting down on my teeth trying my best to control my anger and keeping my tears at bay.  “Fine,” she spins around “all I wanted was to invite you to a New Year's Eve party so you don't spend it alone in bed like you did for Christmas but never mind now” she slams the door on her way out to make a point. So what if I spend Christmas in bed while every one else was downstairs celebrating? I wasn't up for a family reunion or in the mood to celebrate Christmas. I throw my head back into my pillow out of frustration. Thanks to Sammy I'm in a pissed off mood. I might as well shower to calm myself down. 
     After a 30 minute shower I change into Gabe's black shirt, the one that I wore to work that day, it doesn't smell like him no more but I know that it belongs to him and right now I take any closure I can get. I walk over to the mirror and swipe the condensation off to stare at my reflection. It's funny how much a person can change in 2 months. I'm nothing but a shadow of the girl that I used to be. You can see my brown roots growing in, I haven't bother in retouching my hair. I have bags and dark circles under my eyes due to the lack of sleep caused by my nightmare. I can never go back to sleep after I wake up no matter what time it is. My eyes don't have that sparkle of life that they used too instead they look dead. I don't even remember the last time I smile or even laugh and to top it all off I've lost about 20 pounds. Everyone keeps saying that Gabe was the one that died but what they don't know is that I also died with him. I'm no longer the same sweet caring girl. I've become a heartless bitch and I wouldn't have it any other way. The way I see it is if I don't open up to any one there is no way I can get hurt. 
     “Butterfly,” Nina calls from the door snapping me out of my thoughts. “Coming” I turn off the lights and walk out the bathroom. “How are you feeling today?” she ask as she puts down my tray of fruits. She always brings my breakfast upstairs since I refuse to eat downstairs with everyone else. “Like I feel every day” I brush my hair avoiding looking at her. Every morning she asks the same question hoping to get a different answer but it is always the same. “Oh I see,” she walks towards me “I saw Sammy leaving your room earlier she looked pretty upset”. I take a few steps back putting some distant between us. Since I came back I haven't let anyone near me I don't allow them to touch me. It's nothing against them it's all about me. Every time some one tries to touch me I feel Gabe's cold fingers on my skin. 
     Losing Gabe fucked some thing up inside of me. I can't go through that sort of pain again. I won't be able to survive losing some one else that I love. I put on a strong face but underneath it I'm just a shattered mirror. I'm damage. In order to keep that hidden I keep people at a distant. “Yeah I was kind of mean to her earlier” I ignore her hurt expression and walk around her. I know that I hurt people around me by keeping them at arms length but that's the only way I can protect myself. “She is by the pool if you would like to talk to her” she runs her hand down my bed trying to get rid of the wrinkles. “Okay thanks” I walk towards my breakfast never looking back at her. I hate that I'm so cold with her when all she is trying to do is give me some comfort. But it's to late for that I've already bundle all my feelings in a safe box and throw the key away in the ocean. “You're welcome” she walks towards the door. I wish I can tell her why I act the way I do but I don't know how to explain it to her or any one else. “Nina I'm sorry” I called after her as I stare out the window. “I understand” she says as she closes the door. 
     I look down at the fresh fruits they look good but honestly I'm not even that hungry. I should probably go apologize to Sammy now that I think about it I was sort of a bitch to her. All she was trying to do was include me in her plans and on the other hand I can use a little sunlight. My skin is looking a little pale these days. I change into my 2 piece bathing suit and wrap my towel around me.
     “Dracula what are you doing out your cave?” Sammy jokes as I walk towards her. “Funny” I smirk. I should of known she was going to crack a joke. I drop my towel and take the seat next to her by the pool. “I just wanted to say I'm sorry about earlier” I say as I rub sunblock all over me. I need some sun but I don't want to over due it. “I'm sorry too I just-” she stops half way. I know she isn't done talking so I wait for her to finish “miss you”. Well that makes two of us. I miss the old me too but we better get used to this new me because the other one isn't coming back. I put on my shades to hide the fact that my eyes are getting watery. “So about this party?” I change the subject before I start crying. Her face lights up as soon as I mention the party. “Okay so the party is on a boat! I was thinking we can spend the whole day at the spa to relax ourselves, and to be honest you can use a little pampering, and then we can rent a room get a little drunk and from there go to the party” she beams with excitement. I ignore her comment on me needing some pampering because she is right I can use a little pampering. 
     “You want to spend New Years Eve in a boat?” I ask confuse. How much fun can a party be if it's on a boat? For all I care the party can be in the middle of the desert and I'll go. “Well since we are in Dubai why not? Plus I herd there is no better view of the fireworks than on a boat” she adds. I'm not in a mood to be going to any parties but I refuse to spend New Years Eve locked up in my room again or under the same roof as my father. “Fine I'm in” I lay back down to enjoy the sun. “Oh my god really?” she claps her hands as she smiles brighter than the sun. I love seeing her smile it almost makes me want to smile. I said almost. 
     “Sammy baby” and there goes my good mood out the window no scratch that out the universe. Okay that's a little extreme but you get my point. “Over here babe” she jumps up to her feet like her ass is on fire. I pull out my iPod and start plugging in my headphones maybe he won't notice me here. “Well look what the cat dragged in or should I say out?” Raul laughs. Seriously who laughs at their own jokes? Psychopath that's who. “Leave her alone babe” Sammy jumps in before I can say something back. She runs into his arms and I have to fight the urge to throw up. I hate seeing her with that dick head but every time I try to bring it up we always end up fighting. The only reason why he is even going out with her is because I turned him down. Since I saw right through his good guy act he went for the next best thing. I don't want to sound conceited but it's true. At the end of the day it isn't even about Sammy and I. All he really cares about is the money and the power that comes with us. 
     “Jane agreed on coming with us to the party” she informs him never looking back at me. That bitch! She played me! I should of fucking know he was going. “She did?” he looks over to me and smirks. I give him the finger and turn on the music to tune both of them out. Funny enough 'Bring Me To Life' by Evanescence is the first song that plays. I wish some one would wake me up from this nightmare.     
                             Chapter 3 Gabe
     After a quick workout at the gym I decided to stop by the bar to get a quick beer. Two months has gone by without no information on Jane's where about. Everyday that goes by drives me a little more crazy inside and the fact that I'm not allow to step one foot in the office isn't helping my case either. According to the Captain I'm not allow in there until I'm fully recover from my injury. Which I'm by the way. I've been going to physical therapy everyday since I left the hospital not because I wanted to or because I need it but because I had too. Last week was my last session and I finally got the approval to go back to work. I personality made sure to send the letter in to the Captain so I don't understand why I haven't gotten a call back to work. Instead of being back at work doing my part to find Jane, I'm here in a bar drinking a beer. How the hell is this going to help find Jane? I have no idea.
     “Sup bro?” Logan ask as he takes the stool next to me. “Sup,” I nod, greeting him “how did you know I was here?”. I don't mind him being here but I thought he was still at work. “Well since this is the only place you have visit constantly. I took a wild guess” he lifts his finger to catch the waiter's attention. “Fuck off what do you want?” I ask trying to change the subject. I don't want to get into a heart to heart conversation right now. The reason why I come here is to disconnect myself from everything that is going on around me. I hate being home or even at Sophia's house everything there reminds me of Jane. “To hang out with my brother for one,” he winks at the bartender, that funny enough I just notice it's a female “and to inform you that Captain Balvin is reassigning you back on the team”. 
     I put my beer down and turn to face him “Are you serious?”. That's the best news I have herd all month it's about damn time. I've been ready to go back to work since the day I woke up in the hospital. “Yeah but the Captain has decided to keep you off Jane's case” he adds like if it was no big deal. I should of fucking know there was a but in there. There is always a fucking but when it involves Balvin. “You got to be fucking kidding me” I slam my beer on the counter catching the people next to us attentions. “The Captain thinks that you're to 'emotional' attach and that will affect your ability to make decisions” he says with air quotes. 
     Instead of seeing that as a negative it should be seen as a good reason why I should be on the damn case. No one is more interested in finding her than me. “So who can? You?” I say fuming. As soon as the words leave my mouth I regret saying them. Logan is one of the best cops I've ever had the privilege to work with. “I'm going to let that one slide because I know that you're not in the right stage of mind,” he takes a sip of his beer “and for your information I'm not part of the case either due to the fact that it involves my asshole of a best friend”. 
     Fuck! Balvin knew that if Logan was on the case he would keep me updated. Why the hell is the Captain trying to keep me off this case so badly? “I'm sorry man for being a dick” I apologize by ordering another round of beer. He slaps me on my back a little to hard for my liking but I deserve it “No problem I know this is hard for you but don't worry they'll find her”. It has been 2 months and they have no idea where she could possibly be how am I suppose to sit back and let them handle it? Look where that has gotten me so far. I run my hand through my hair “What if they don't?”. 
     “Than we'll find her” he shrugs his shoulders as he drinks from his beer. I can't drag him in to this mess I know how important this job is for him. We've worked so hard to get to where we are and I won't let him jeopardize it. “I can't ask you to do that you'll lose your job”. Me on the other hand I'm willing to lose my job over my girl she is worth the risk. “You didn't ask I offer,” he says as the bartender comes back with our beers “Thank you sweetheart” he winks at her. There is no point in fighting him on this he won't change his mind. I can't say I'm surprise that he would risk his job for me. No matter what's the case he always have my back and visa versa it has always been like that since we met. That's just the kind of friendship we have. “Thanks bro” I thank him it really means a lot to me. At the end of the day I will not let him lose his job if anything goes wrong I'll take the fault for it. “You're welcome now enough with this sappy shit I'm afraid you might kiss me” he jokes.
     “Salute” we bang our beers. “You do know I'm the only one that can find her right?” I say to Logan. I know I might sound conceited but it's the truth. He breaks out in laughter “Conceited much?”.  I tilt my head up to watch the game that is going on the TV “Not at all I have a secret” I add. “What is that all mighty one?” he says with a smile on his face. Let's see if he is going to be smiling when I tell him my secret. “Remember the bracelet I brought her?” from the corner of my eye I see him nod his head “I had a chip install”. I should of told him sooner maybe he could of help me find Jane but I want to find her myself. Logan's eyes pop out his face as his mouth drops open “I don't know if I should congratulate you or if I should get you some help for your stalking problem”. For the first time in 2 months I laugh. Now that I hear it out loud it do sound like I'm a stalker but I swear I didn't do it for me. 
     “It's not like that, remember when I told you about the day that some random man chased Jane? Well I knew she was in some kind of danger but she wasn't telling me so I decided to put a chip on her just in case some thing like this would happen I would be able to find her”. Logan leans back into his chair as he stares at me in awe “And that's why you're the Lieutenant because you're always thinking ahead of all of us”. I shake my head as I chuckle at him “Stop kissing my ass Sargent”. The only reason why I'm the Lieutenant over him is because he didn't want to go for it. I don't think I'm more than him or any of my co-workers in my eyes we are all equal. “Question?” he ask. 
     “Answer” I reply as I look down at my watch, it's getting late we should be heading home soon. “If you knew about the chip than why wait this long to go look for her?” he ask. “Because everything I need is in my office” I answer. He smirks as he shakes his head “And here I thought you actually wanted to go back to work”. I reach for my wallet and take out some cash to pay for the beers “Let's go we have work in the morning”.         
           *************************************
     “Good morning Lieutenant Smith” April greets me as soon as I step into the office. Damn, it feels great to be back in here. This place is my home away from home. “Good morning April” I greet her back as I sip on my coffee. “Captain Balvin is expecting you” she informs me. Of course Balvin is expecting me. I already know why Balvin wants to see me but it can wait. I have more important things to do right now than to go fight with the Captain. “Thanks” I nod as I walk towards my office. I open my door and flick the lights on, everything is exactly how I left it the last time I was in here. My chair is tuck under my desk, my desk is cover with stocks of papers I was working on, even the cup of coffee I had that night is still in my garbage can. I walk over to my desk and turn the computer on. While I wait for it to load I sort out some files on top of my desk. I have to hand them in they're probably past due by now. 
     “Lieut. Smith come to my office” Balvin buzzes me. I didn't even get the chance to take off my jacket or sit in my chair. I'm surprise it even took Balvin this long to buzz me in. I can pretend that I'm not in the office but knowing April she probably informed Balvin as soon as I walked in. “On my way” I buzz back. I might as well get this over with. I feel myself getting work up but I need to keep myself calm. I can't afford to lose control right now. I stop right outside the door and roll my head to the sides trying to relieve some stress. “Come in” Balvin yells as I knock on the door. Here goes nothing. “You wanted to see me?” I ask as I walk in the office. “Smith,” she lifts her head up from the file she's reading “Nice to have you back”.
     Balvin is in her early 30's, she has brown short hair that is cut into a bob it makes her look more sophisticated. Makes her hearts shape face more smaller than what it really is, she is about 5'5, weights about 120, she has hazel eyes more brown than green they remind me of honey. You would think she is sweet but she is the total opposite. Now that I think about it I've never actually seen her crack a smile. One thing that I've learned about Balvin is to never under estimated her. She is a small thing but she'll drop you on your ass in a matter of seconds. When Logan and I first arrived here we thought that with our good looks we would be able to charmed her and make everything much easier for us. Boy were we wrong very very wrong. She made us go through hell and back, and that was just her training us. It seemed like with every smile we gave her she would come back ten times harder. We eventually stopped smiling at her. No one can accuse her of being soft with the stories that I've herd about her. I'm not surprise she is Captain she deserves it. 
     “Glad to be back” I sit in the chair across from her. I feel like I'm back in middle school and got called into the principle office. “Well let me be the first one to inform you that you will not be taking part on the Jane's case” she says as she returns to the file. Just like her to get straight to the point there is no beating around the bushes. The fact that she talks about Jane as a case pisses me off. I cross my arms across my chest to hide my fist “I don't think-”. She lifts her little index finger up in the air to shut me up “I didn't ask for your opinion I'm simply informing you what your Captain has decided,” she looks up from the file again “do you understand?”. What I really want to say is fuck off there is no one stopping me from going after Jane. Instead all I say is “I understand”. She looks down to her watch “Good now if you'll excuse me I have a meeting in 30 minutes”. I don't even bother fighting my case with her she is more hard headed than a rock. I salute her, even tho what I really want to do is flick her off. “Smith,” she calls me back “I'm seriously about the case leave it in my hands”. I nod my head not trusting what can come out of my mouth and walk away. There is no way in hell I'm letting this go but first I need to find out what they know so far. 
     “Sup bro?” Logan ask as I walk into his office. “I need to find out what they have on Jane” I get straight to the point. “And by I, you mean we, don't you?” he ask already knowing the answer. Sometimes it's scares me how well he knows me. “All I need you to do is keep April distracted while I go through Balvin's computer” I say. It's not like I need him to actually do any work. He arched his right eyebrow “And Queen B is just going to let you go through her computer?”. I look down at my watch “She has a meeting in 20 minutes”. She should be gone for about 30 minutes or an hour tops. “Fine I'm in I don't have nothing else going on” he agrees as he leans back into his chair. “Thanks as soon as she leaves you're on” I say as I walk out.
     As soon as Balvin left the building I signal Logan. He walks over to April asking for some help on a file. “Have I told you how beautiful you look today?” he ask her as he twirls a strand of her hair around his finger. If flirting was a job he would be the richest man alive. He leans to whisper into her ear. Her cheeks turns a shade of red as she giggles. I can just imagine him using one of his corny lines that always works for him. April reaches for her purse and they walked towards the elevator. I rush to Balvin's office which thankfully is open and make my way over to the computer. I need to be quick I don't know how much time I have. 
     Fuck! The computer has a password I should of known it wouldn't be that easy. Nothing ever is when it comes down to her. I search around her desk trying to find a clue for the password but knowing Balvin, she would never leave her password in the open for any one to see it but April is a different story. I run to April's desk and start searching through her papers. I can see why Balvin keeps April around she is so organizes with her stuff. Everything is sorted by the date they need to be hand in. From the corner of my eye I notice a small purple book inside her drawer. I open it and to my luck find the password right on the first page. Well at least it looks like I have luck on my side today. I run back inside Balvin's office and type in the password. Once the computer gives me access to the files I search for Jane's file. It takes me about 5 seconds to find the file. I type in my personal email and send the file. I delete any trace of me being in here I even clean the keyboard with my shirt to not leave my hand print. Maybe it's a little extreme but I swear Balvin would find out if I leave a piece of hair out of place. That woman has an eye for details. I feel bad for her husband if she even has one.  
     As soon as I close Balvin's door the elevator opens and Logan and April step out. “You're so funny,” April laughs at some joke Logan said. I reach for an empty folder on her desk and pretend to read. “Gabriel did you need anything?” she ask as we pass each other. “No,” I smile “I found it” I wave the folder in the air. I give Logan a look and he nods his head understanding what I'm trying to say. I walk into my office and close my door behind me I usually keep it open. I walk over to my computer and open the file. 
     I can't believe what I'm reading. I must of gotten the wrong file because this one says Jane Santana not Jane Carter. It also says here that her father is El Rey one of America's most wanted drug lords. I didn't even know he had a daughter. No one knows much about his personal life some don't even know his real name they just know him as El Rey. This has to be the wrong file. Jane can't be related to him. I looked Jane up myself and there was nothing that linked her to him. I click on the next page and photos of Jane, my Jane, pops up. I feel like some one just punched the air right out of my lungs. There are pictures of Jane before and after she dyed her hair, there are pictures of her in her work uniform, shopping, laughing, hanging out with Sophia and Liam. There are even pictures of me in here.
     They been fucking spying on us! No wonder Balvin didn't want me on the case because I'm part of it. What kind of bullshit is this? Is she doubting me? Does she think I'm working for El Rey? How did they even know who she was? “Did you find anything?” Logan walks in. I'm so pissed off I can't even manage to speak so I turn my screen towards him. “Did you know about this?”. If he knew and didn't tell me I'm going to kill him. He leans into the desk to get a better view of the file. “Holly shit! El Rey is her father?!” he yells a little to loud I'm thankful the door is close or else everyone would of herd him. There goes my answers. “I'm surprise they don't have a picture of her taking a shit” he adds as he clicks on the photos. Just the thought of them spying on her every move pisses me off. They're treating her like some kind of criminal. I turn my screen back to me “So what now?” he takes the seat in front of my desk. I stare at a photo of Jane and Liam, her head is tilt back as she is laughing at something Liam said to her I can just hear her laugh ringing in my ears. “Now I go find my girl” I answer. 
     What I just found out doesn't change nothing if anything it gives me more of a reason to find her. Now I understand why Jane was so shocked when she found out that I was a cop. She must of thought that I knew who she was all along. She needs to know I had no idea of who she was and that everything was real, it's still is. “Just let me know when we are leaving so I can pack” he says. I nod my head “First we have to find out where we are going”.
                                Chapter 4 Jane
     Oh god! That feels so good. Why didn't I think about doing this before? “You seem to have a lot of stress” the masseuse says as her fingers work on my neck and shoulders. That is an understatement of the year she has no idea how stress I am. My body feels like it has been run over by a train over and over again. I thought I was going to freak out about having some one touching me but it seems like I only have a problem when some one is trying to show me affection. I'm all fucked up in the head. “This is the life,” Sammy moans from besides me I almost forgot she was even here “we can go where ever we want this is so refreshing”. Of course they let us go any where we want we are miles and miles away from home. No one knows who the hell we are or who our fathers are. It might be refreshing for her but in my case it's a different story. 
     I'm not allow to have a phone, money, or anything that can get me access to the internet. It's like I'm a prisoner no worst than that because even prisoner are allow to make at least one phone call. “Prima are you still awake?” she ask. I should probably answer but instead I close my eyes and enjoy my massage. 
     After 2 hours of pampering our self we are finally back in the hotel room. “I'm so excited for tonight what are you wearing?” Sammy ask as we enter the room. “I don't know” I shrug my shoulders I'm fine with wearing this robe all night. Actually I don't even feel like going out no more I rather stay in the room and order a few bottles of wine. “Oh no you don't” Sammy crosses her arms reading my thoughts  “You agree and you can't go back on your word”. I did agreed on coming out tonight with her but that was before I knew that Raul was coming along. If I would of known he was coming I wouldn't agreed in the first place. “Please,” she pouts as she gives me her sad eyes. The same face she used to give me when we were younger. Back then I was never able to say no to her. I always use to give into her demands but now it's a different story. I'm a grown as woman that little pouting trick isn't going to work on me no more. I stare right into her big brown eyes to let her know I mean business. I swear her eyes get bigger by the second but it doesn't matter because I'm not going and that is my final decision. 
     “Fine! Pick some thing out for me to wear” I spin around and walk away in shame. I guess I haven't change that much since I can't say no to that face. “Yay!” I hear her cheer from behind me “I promise you won't regret it”. Too late for that I already regret it. I throw myself on the bed and stare at my bracelet I never take it off. I can't afford to lose this like I did my necklace. Every time I look at my bracelet it takes me back to the day he gave it to me. That was the night that I gave my virginity to Gabe. “God how I miss you Gabe” I say out loud. Every chance I get I talk to him. I don't know if he hears me but I have to believe he does, it helps me stay sane or something like that. “It's been so hard trying to fall asleep with out you by my side and no it's not because of my snoring because we both know I don't snore,” I fake laugh as my eyes start to swell “let's not even talk about waking up every morning”. I don't even bother mentioning the nightmares there is no need for him to know about that. “I really miss you,” I whisper.
     Every morning for about 5 seconds after the nightmares I wait for my morning call or text but when it doesn't come I remember the nightmare I'm living. I have to say that is the worst part of my day realizing that he really isn't here no more. The door flies opens and I quickly recover my composure last thing I need right now is for Sammy to want to have a heart to heart. I pat my eyes and try to hide any sign of tears. “I got our dresses and this,” Sammy pulls out a bottle of champagne form behind her, just what I need right now. “Let's get this party started” she hands me a champagne glass. She opens the bottle and Champagne spills all over “To a great night and a better year” she yells. I lift my glass for her to fill it up. I have nothing to toast for so I just drink to drown my feelings. 
     Two champagne bottles later we are finally dressed and completely buzz. I'm wearing a form fitting strapless gold sequin dress that stop right before my knees. My makeup is on the natural side, my hair is out thanks to Sammy who insisted me to get it straighten, and I decided to wear no jewelry the dress is all the accessory I need. I got to admit I look fucking hot. If Gabe would see me in this dress he would have a heart attack. “Is that a smile?” Sammy ask sneaking up on me. “I'm not sure” I say as I recover my poker face. Sammy looks like she wants to kick her own ass for saying something. I reach for the champagne bottle to pour me out a drink. “Prima, I-” I hand her a glass interrupting her sentence “More champagne?” I give her my fake smile. 
     She gives me a small smile “Yeah more champagne” she reaches for the glass. God bless her little heart she always know when to drop a conversation. “You look stunning” I say trying to shift the attention off me to her. She is wearing a beige lace dress that has a sweetheart neckline exposing her back, her hair is in a nice neat bun on top of her head, and she is wearing the most beautiful long earrings I have ever seen. I can't believe how fast Sammy grew up. Just not so long ago she was running around with pigtails and her missing tooth. Now she has blossom into a beautiful young woman when did it happen? “Thanks,” she twirls around checking her self out in the mirror “You look amazing yourself”. I might look amazing in the outside but in the inside it's a different story. “Thanks” I chug the rest of my drink not really caring how I look. “Raul should be here any second now,” she sounds so excited to see him. I don't understand why. 
     “I'm going to need another drink” I say under my breath as I reach for the bottle. “I herd that” she yells as I walk away. “I don't care” I mumble. “And that too” she walks towards me. “What?” I ask annoyed as I take a seat on the bed. “Please Jane behave for me” she pleads with her eyes. I feel bad for her so I take pity “Fine keep him away from me and I'll be on my best behavior mom” I say sarcastically. I can be such a bitch some times it surprises me. 
     Before Sammy can even get another word in, there is a knock on the door. Her whole face lights up as she turns to walk towards the door. I love to see her smile even tho he is the reason why maybe I'm wrong about Raul. Maybe he really does care for Sammy to be fair I really never gave him a chance to prove me wrong. “Wow baby you look fucking hot” Raul's annoying voice fills the room. Be nice Jane give him a chance. “Thanks babe let me get my purse” she walks back towards me with Raul right behind her. Raul's eyes are on me as he sizes me up from head to toe. I have to fight the urge to flinch under his gaze. “Mmm you look fucking sexy in that dress,” he walks towards the bed if he gets any closer I'm going to pop him in the head with this bottle “if you find yourself alone at midnight and need some one to kiss at midnight don't be shy to look for me” he winks. Nope same old asshole that I remember. I can't even believe I actually dated that asshole. “Go fuck yourself” I give him the finger. “Okay let's go” Sammy walks in with her head inside her purse not paying attention to what's going on around her. Raul spins around with a grin on his face “Let's go doll” he reaches for her hand. This is going to be a long as night I can already tell. I drown the last of my champagne.
     The car ride to the boat was only a 20 minute drive but I swear it felt like an hour long. I can't stand one more second in this car with Raul acting like a sweetheart the only one who is buying his act is Sammy. Once the car pulled up to the valet stop I jump right out not giving the valet the chance to open the door for me. I need a drink and fast. “I invited some one I hope you don't mind baby” Raul says to Sammy. “Not at all babe” she answers. I don't care who the hell he invited anyone who is friends with Raul is fucked up in the head and I have no interest in meeting them. I made sure to walk a few steps ahead of them. “There he is” Raul says. Without even thinking about it my head turns to where Raul and Sammy are looking. I feel all the blood leave my face as my hands turn into fist besides me as I watch Mark walking towards us. Oh hell to the fucking no! It's one thing to deal with Raul but there is no fucking way I'm dealing with that asshole. I walk back to Raul furious “You did this on fucking purpose” I poke him in his chest. It's not a secret to any one that I can't stand Mark. “I don't know what you are talking about. Mark is my friend” he smirks. I'm so close to slam my fist into his face. “They really are friends” Sammy jumps in for him before I can punch him. I give her an evil glare if she knew he was coming and didn't tell me I'm not speaking to her all next year. “I didn't know he was coming I swear” she says reading my mind. “Hello ladies” Mark says as he reaches us. Just the sound of his voice makes my stomach turn upside down. I give Raul one last evil look letting him know I wish him a slow painful death and storm towards the boat avoiding Mark. 
     I need a drink or maybe 5. As soon as I step inside the room a waiter with a tray of champagne glasses walks by me. I reach for two of them and chug them down quickly one after another. I was so busy chugging down the champagne that I didn't notice that all the waiters are wearing a mask. I didn't know it was a masquerade ball. Now that I feel more calmer I take the chance to really look around. I'm guessing this is the dinning room, there are over 20 tables cover with white and silver table cloths, in the middle of every table there is a silver vase with white roses as a center piece. Every one in her is either wearing a cocktail dress or a tux. “Prima I'm so sorry I didn't know he was coming I swear” Sammy says from behind me. I'm so beyond pissed right now that I don't even want to speak or see her. In a way all of this is her fault for tricking me into coming in the first place. “I'll be at the bar” I inform her as I walk away never looking back at her. I don't even bother in inviting her because I already know the answer. 
     “Can I get 3 patrons shot” I say to the bartender as I reach the bar. I look around the room and notice Mark, Raul, and Sammy staring at me from their table. I wish I can stick my middle finger at them but that wouldn't be classy instead I roll my eyes and turn around to face the bar. “Here you go” the bartender sets my drinks down in a row. “How much do I owe you?” I ask but than remember I have no cash on me. “You know what add it to those guys tab I came here with them” I point towards the table. They might as well be useful for something. “Okay I will” she smiles. I take my shots in a row with out taking a break my tolerance for alcohol has gone up since the first time I drank with Sophia. “One of them days huh?” the bartender, who's name is Nikki, ask. “You have no idea,” I reach for a champagne glass to chase down the patron shots that are burning my insides. 
     I asked Nikki what was up with everyone wearing a mask and she said that after 12 the room turns into a club and that the mask helps to keep them safe from all the drunks. Which makes sense people don't know how to act when they are drunk. “Do you want anything else?” she ask. “Just keep the champagne coming” I order. It's easy to talk to some one who is wearing a mask. You don't know who is under there and you can't read their face expression. I asked her about the party and she says it get's pretty wild. All the older couples leave and only the young ones stay for the party. She told me that last year they even had a stripping contest. 
     “Jane,” Sammy says from behind me “there is only 30 minutes left until the new year arrives come sit with us”. Holly shit only 30 minutes left? How long have I been sitting here? I look over to the table and see them staring at us there is no way in hell I'm going over there I'm not that drunk. “Please Jane” she begs. I hate saying no to her. I know all she wants is to spend time with me but she should of thought about that before tricking me into coming knowing that Raul was coming. “I'll be there in 5” I turn to face Nikki if I stare at Sammy I'm going to end up giving in. “Okay” she walks away with her head down. “You're not going are you?” Nikki ask as I sip on my champagne. “Wow Nikki you have gotten to know me pretty well in 2 hours” I say laughing. It doesn't take a genus to know that I was never going to go over there. “I have a gift” she smiles. The room starts getting louder due to the excitement of the new year coming in. I feel so out of place every one in this room is ready for the new year and for the party except for me. 
     I don't want to be around people right now I rather be alone with my thoughts. No I need to be alone. I look around the room trying to find a way out of here. “You know if you want to be alone you can always go up to the roof no one will find you there” Nikki says. Maybe she does have a gift after all. I give her a sincere smile “Thank you, can you give me the best champagne bottle you have and give yourself a good tip” I order. She turns around and looks for the right champagne bottle. “Come see me after 12” she says as she hands me the bottle. I grab the bottle and my champagne glass and sneak out the room before any one notice me. The last thing I need is for Mark or Raul to follow me. I make my way around the boat trying to find a way up to the roof. I'm trying my best not to fall on my face. I think I had a little to much to drink since I'm having trouble keeping my balance and the boat rocking from side to side isn't helping my case. I bring the bottle up to my mouth to take a sip. Wow this has to be the best champagne I've ever tasted. It's so sweet and bubbly. Bubbly that's a funny word. How can something be bubbly? 
     I was so into my thoughts that I walked right into a waiter almost tripping over. Thankfully the waiter was fast enough to wrap his hand around my upper arm to help me catch my balance. “Sorry,” I laugh as I pull my arm out of his grip. I run my hand down my dress trying to save the little dignity I have left. Maybe he can help me find my way to the roof. “Do you know where the stairs that lead to the roof are?” I ask as I lift my head up. I have to fight the urge to drool over his deep blue eyes. They remind me of the sky in a happy morning which I haven't seen in a while. The waiter shrugs his shoulders and walks away with out saying one word to me. What a rude motherturker. “Thanks for nothing asshole you aren't bubbly!” I shout after him. I know I haven't been the friendliest person in the world but he takes the prize. Did I just say bubbly? I can't stop myself from giggling. I walk around the boat until finally finding the stairs that leads me to the roof. I take off my heels there is no way I'm going to be able to climb the stairs with them on. I walks towards the middle of the roof and take a seat. I stretch my legs out in front of me as I place my heels next to me.
     This spot is perfect I can't see no one and most importantly no one can see me. All I see from here is the ocean and the open sky. It's really beautiful and peaceful out here I've never seen the stars light up like they are tonight. They look so happy and bubbly even their reflection on the water sparkles. Gabe would of loved it out here. “This is for you handsome” I pour out some champagne and lift it up in the air. Why am I even using a glass? I am the only one who is drinking from this bottle anyways. As I reflect on the pass year I can honestly say this has been the best and worst year of my life. In one hand I met and fall in love with the most amazing man, I made some extraordinary friends, and I even lost my virginity, which I honestly thought was never going to happen. I was actually happy with my life. Salute for that I bring the bottle to my mouth and take a big gulp. 
     On the other hand I got kidnapped, dragged to the middle of no where, and the only man I have ever loved is dead. If you ask me the bad overcomes the good. I'm not saluting to that I'm just drinking. Is it really better to have love and lost than to have never loved at all? If you would of asked me before all of this I would of said yes it's worth it but now I would have to rethink my answer. Don't get me wrong I wouldn't give up the time I had with Gabe even if that meant getting rid of this pain. I've never been happier than when I was with him and to be honest I don't think I'll ever be that happy again. The sound of some one climbing up the stairs catches my attention it better not be Raul or Mark. I grab the bottle from it's neck ready to throw it at some one's head. But first I take a last sip just in case I have to use it. 
     Thank god it's neither one of them it's just a waiter. Maybe Nikki send him to check up on me it better not be the same rude as waiter as before because I will push him off. “I'm fine you can go away now” I wave my hand in the air dismissing him as I turn around to stare at the ocean. A midnight swim isn't sounding so bad right about now. I hear the waiter's steps getting closer instead of farther and before I know it he is sitting right next to me. I slide to the right putting some space between us. “If you're going to stay there is a no talking policy” I inform him. I'm tired of fighting everyone I have no more energy left in me. It really is a beautiful night the full moon looks larger than life up in the sky it lights up half the night. “What a beautiful night” I say as I drink from the bottle. The waiter just nods his head in agreement. He must think I'm some kind of freak because instead of being inside partying like everyone else I'm out here alone. “You know I wasn't always so anti social,” I pick on the label of the bottle I don't know why I feel the need to explain myself to him “but shit happens”. I take a sip from the bottle trying to get rid of the knot that is forming in my throat. The waiter extends his hand and with out saying a word snatch the bottle right out of my hands. “I put my mouth-” I didn't even get the chance to finish my sentence when he bought the bottle to his mouth. My nose wrinkles as I watch him drink from my bottle. 
     “That's not healthy what if I had some kind of disease and was dying not that I do,” I laugh. I actually laugh! The sound of my laughter sounds so foreign to my own ears I don't even recognizes it. I can't believe he made me laugh. 
     The waiter drops his head and by the way his shoulders are moving I think he is laughing at me. “I can't believe I laugh,” I snatch the bottle back from him “it's been two months since the last time I laugh”. I take a drink not caring that his lips were just on them. I had it first and this calls for a celebration. “The last person who made me laugh was Gabe, he was the love of my life,” now that I think about it I was always laughing around him. He always found a way to make me smile or laugh just thinking about him makes me smile. “But then he died,” my smiles drops “and to top it off he died in my arms” my voice cracks at the end. Saying that out loud makes my heart sting all over again. I take a big gulp trying to wash the pain away. The waiter tries to reach for my hand to comfort me but I quickly pull away “Wow there cowboy I'm not a fan on touching it has nothing to do with you trust me it's something personal. I don't even let my own family touch me”. What the hell is wrong with me? I haven't talked this much to my own family and here I am opening up to a complete stranger. He slowly pulls his hand back as he watches me. I can't read his expression because of the mask I don't know if that is a good thing right now. “Yeah I'm all shades of fucked up” I mumble. I wounder if I'll ever let my guard down again? The better question is do I even want to? 
     The sounds of fireworks scares me right out of my thoughts. The sky lights up with all different colors looking even more beautiful than before. The water changes color every time a different firework explodes. I feel like a little girl again watching the fireworks on the fourth if July. Even tho I was never allowed to watch the towns firework my father always made sure to give me and Sammy our own private show in the backyard. I feel the waiter's eyes on me as I watch the fireworks. I turn to face the waiter and I can't stop the gasp that escapes my mouth. The reflection of the fireworks makes his face look ravishing. I can't really tell what color his eyes are because they keep changing due to the fireworks. I take in a deep breath and his scent hits me like a brick in the face. “Happy New Years” I whisper trying to break the awkwardness that has surrounded us. His eyes searches my face as he leans in. My brain is yelling at me to pull back but my body does the complete opposite. His large hand cups the back of my neck as he gently brushes his lips against mines. I feel a shiver run threw my body which is weird because there is no wind. My mind is telling me this is wrong. I don't even know who he is. I can actually hear my heart pounding again inside of my chest and here I thought it didn't work anymore. His kiss is so soft and gentle it's like he is afraid to break me. I part my mouth to tell him to stop but he takes advantage to shove his tongue inside my mouth. Once our tongues touch I feel like I've been shocked, a small moan escapes my throat out of pure pleasure. Oh god how can something so wrong feel so great? 
     “Jane where are you?” Sammy yells. I jump and pull away to look behind us but thankfully she isn't there. I turn back to the waiter but he is already walking away. Part of me wants to go after him but the other part is glad he is leaving. This is to much I'm not ready for all of this. I'm not ready for all these emotions. I run my fingers down my lips I can still feel his lips on them. I don't know what the hell came over me but this can't happen again.
                             Chapter 5 Gabe
     I know that I shouldn't of kissed Jane but I couldn't help it. She looked so vulnerable all I wanted to do was comfort her. Her eyes were full of sadness all I want to do is make them shine again. I was so close in taking off my mask to make all her misery go away but she wouldn't remember it tomorrow if I did. I need her to be sober so I can explain everything to her.  She thinks I died and to top it of she thinks I died in her arms. I thought I was suffering not knowing where she was but Jane is suffering double of what I was. “Did you find her?” Logan ask. He bumped into her earlier he was the one who told me she was looking for the roof. “Yeah I did,” I answer. He looks over my shoulder and frowns “Where is she?”. I run my hand through my hair “On the roof”. I don't want to get into this right now. He tilts his head to the side “Why? Is she mad?” he ask confuse. If I'm going to get into this I need a drink first “She didn't know it was me” I say as I walk towards the bar. “Why the fuck not?” he throws his head back in frustration. “I need a drink” I inform him as I pass by. 
     I order a whiskey and told the bartender to keep them coming. “She thinks I'm dead” I enjoy the sting from the whiskey. “What?” he ask. “She thinks I died in her arms. She is so devastated” I drop my head into my hands. I never seen her so fragile. I'm used to her being a smart ass all the time. “Can you make it a double,” Logan orders “and don't worry bro I'm sure once she finds out the truth everything will be fine”. I hope he is right and everything goes back to normal. My poor Muffin all I want to do right now is go after her and never letting her go again. “She hasn't laugh in 2 months,” I think that is what's killing me the most. Logan let's out a small whistle “2 months”. I toss back my drink “And if that isn't bad enough she won't let no one touch her not even her family”. As soon as the bartender brings my drink over I throw that one back too. “Damn bro,” Logan pats my back “it will be over soon”. I hope so because I can't see her like that again. It kills me to see how much pain she is in. 
     “Sammy I told you I'm not going over to that table,” her voice fills my ears. “Don't turn around she is walking or should I say wobbling over here” Logan chuckles. It's taking every ounce of strength in me not to turn around. I don't know why people tell you not to look it makes it harder for you not to. “I thought she didn't have no sisters” Logan says. Who knows if she does. I feel like I have no idea who she really is. “Good looks run in her family” he adds. I growl at him for checking my girl out. “Down boy” he laughs. He is enjoying himself a little to much right now. I want to kick his ass for that. “Please Jane just for a few seconds” I hear a girl voice beg. The seat next to me moves and I glance at Logan, who nods his head confirming that Jane is sitting right next to me. I don't know how I'm going to stay still having her so close to me. “Sam I wouldn't go over there even if you guys had the last champagne bottle in the room” she answers. That's the Jane I know and love. I bring my drink to my mouth trying to hide my laugh. “You're such a bitch” Sammy snaps. “Tell me something I don't know. Now either you join me or walk away the choice is yours” Jane says. The smell of coconut fills my nostrils god how I missed her scent. She looks drop dead gorgeous with that dress on. My heart stopped as soon as I laid eyes on her. Even with all the sadness she is still the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. “Jane you're back” the bartender greets her. “Nikki!” she giggles, which is music to my ears. “Let me guess more champagne?” Nikki ask. I shake my head she shouldn't have any more to drink she is already pass drunk. “You know what make it a whiskey I'm going to need it for what's coming my way” she answers. 
     With out even thinking about it I turn around but Logan stops me half way. I glare at him and he let's go of my arm understanding my death sentence. I see a guy walking towards Jane he is about 5'6, dark skin with short brown hair. He isn't as built as Logan and me but he isn't skinny either. “Here goes nothing” Jane mumbles under her breath. “Jane baby,” the asshole says and my hands automatically turns into fists. I don't know who he is but I already dislike him. “I'm not nor will ever be your nothing especially your baby Raul” she snaps. If he gets any closer to her I'm going to rearrange his face. “Calm down bro” Logan whispers. I would love to see how calm he would be under a situation like this. “Come on Jane when are you going to realize that you are mine?” he steps closer. My body is on the edge of the chair one more step and he is a dead man. “Raul listens really close to what I am about to say because this is the last time I am going to say this,” Jane crosses her leg over the other as she leans into the bar for support. Damn I'm so turned on right now she is so confident. “If you ever call me baby or if I catch you staring at me the wrong way I will personality make sure some one chops off your balls and feed them to you”. Holly shit! My girl is a bad ass. “Jane,” the assholes smirks at her. Is he fucking serious? This guy has a death wish or something. “I'm not playing around Raul think very very hard on what you're going to say next” Jane plays around with her drink. 
     “Babe leave her alone” a pretty short girl wraps her arms around him. “Be a good boy and listen to Sammy. Now walk away” Jane smirks. So this is Sammy I can see why Logan would think Jane and her are sisters. Sammy looks like a younger version of Jane. She has light brown hair, the same color skin, but Sammy has brown eyes instead of amber. I love seeing how strong my girl is she most definite can handle her own battles not that she will but it's good to know she can. “Let's go baby it seems like Jane isn't in the mood to be social” the asshole wraps his arms around Sammy. No wonder she hates this asshole one minute he is trying to get with my girl and the next one he is all in love with Sammy. “Oh,” Jane says as they are walking away making them turn around “make sure to pass down the message to your friend just in case he gets any crazy ideas”. They walk away and I hear Jane laugh “I can't believe I just did that”. I feel like turning around and hugging her. I miss seeing that feisty side of her it's good to know she still has it in her. Logan taps my should and nods towards the door. I shake my head he must be out his mind if he thinks I'm leaving her side. I've been waiting for this moment for 2 months there is no way I'm leaving. I turn around and order a drink I need one to get rid of the bad mood that dick put me in.
     “Come on Jane it's time to go home” Sammy comes back but this time alone. I guess Raul finally understood what's good for him. “I'm not leaving with them” Jane slurps. There is no way in hell I'm letting Jane get in a car with that asshole or anyone else. “Jane stop being ridiculous,” Sammy reaches for her hand but Jane pulls back causing her to fall over. With out even thinking about it I reach for her. “Thank you,” she says with out looking at me once she recovers her balance she let's go of me. “I said I'm not going with them now do me a favor and call Brains to come pick me up”. Sammy nods and with a hurt expression walks away. “Sorry Sam” Jane whispers as she turns around “Nikki give me a shot and make it a double”. I watch as Sammy walks towards her table and that's when I see him. Mark. Just the sight of him makes my blood boil. Honestly I have no idea how I am controlling myself right now from going over there and killing him. He is responsible for all the pain Jane and I have been through. Sammy says something to them and he looks over towards Jane. If he even dares to come near her I'll kill him with my bare hands. 
     Logan pushes me back down onto the stool, I didn't even realize I was standing “Calm the fuck down you're going to get us killed”. I know he is right. I need to keep my head in the game. I turn back around “Sorry bro”. I'm squeezing my drink so hard that it might just shatter in my hand. “It's okay they are leaving now” he whispers. Although I'm glad they are leaving it pisses me off even more. What kind of friends leave some one drunk by themselves? What if I wasn't here? Who knows what could of happen to Jane. I need to have a serious talk about this with her she needs to be more careful about her safety. “Well some one has hit rock bottom” Logan nods towards Jane, who is knocked out. 
     “My poor Muffin” I step towards her and lift her up. I can tell she has lost weight she feels lighter and her face looks slimmer. I sit back down and settle her on my lap. Now that I'm close up I can see how tired she looks. She has dark circles under her eyes not even her make up can cover them up. My poor poor baby. It hurts me to see how much she has suffer. “Gabe” she mumbles as she snuggles into my chest. My heart stops she knows it's me even if she is unconscious her body recognizes mines. “I love you Muffin” I tuck a strand of hair behind her ear. 
     “You know we can't take her” Logan says reminding me. “I can't leave her” I say more to myself than to him. How am I going to walk away from her when she is the reason I am here? “I know you don't want to leave her I don't either but we can't take her like this” he adds. I know he is right she needs to make that decision on her own. I stroke her soft skin with my thumb “I'll be back for you I swear”. I lean down and give her a soft kiss it breaks my heart separating from her but it won't be for long. “Excuse me,” a deep voice behind me says “I'm looking for Miss. Jane”. I feel the caveman inside of me trying to come out to protect what's mine. I turn around and find a man in his late 40's, he is short and muscular. “I think you're looking for her,” Logan nods towards Jane. I don't know if I should kick his ass now or later. “Miss Jane?” he leans in and I have to fight the urge to pull back and shield her. “I got it from here” the man extends his arms waiting for me to pass her on. Jane looks so peaceful and comfortable in my arms that I don't want to let her go. Logan puts his hand on my shoulder for reassurance. I stand and without putting to much thought into it I pass Jane. Jane shifts her head towards the man chest.
     “Thanks” he nods as he walks away. “Stay” Logan pats my shoulder. I'm getting tired of him treating me like a damn dog. All I can do is watch as the man walks away with the most important person in my life. “I know you feel the urge to protect her but from what I saw earlier she has it under control” Logan says as he turns towards the bar. “Yeah she can be a little feisty some times” I smirk. “A little?” Logan chuckles “I felt the need to protect my balls when she was threatening that asshole”. I let out a laugh I can't imagine my sweet girl actually going through with her threat. I need to talk to her she needs to know I'm alive. It's so hard to think with my head when my heart is involve I never had this problem before. “Let's get drunk” I run my hands through my hair. That is the only way I can keep myself from going after Jane.
                               Chapter 6 Jane
     One good thing about getting drunk is that I sleep like the dead not even the nightmare wakes me up. On the other hand I feel like shit this morning. My head is killing me I feel like some one is stabbing me with a knife. No matter how much I drink I can't get use to the hangover. I was so drunk last night that I could of sworn Gabe was there with me. Oh god I let a stranger kiss me! Call me crazy but something about that kiss felt familiar maybe it was just me wishing it was Gabe.   
     “Jane?” Sammy knocks softly on the door. “Come in” I say as I throw my arm over my eyes to cover them from the light. “I bought you some pills and water” she says. God how I loved this girl even with me acting like a bitch to her she still looks out for me. “Thanks,” I reach for the water and pills. I need this headache to go away now plus my throat is dry as hell. “So,” she says as she plays with the sheets. “So?” I ask a little suspicious there is always something after the so. “Tio wants me to ask if you would accompany him to dinner?” she says never looking up at me. Why didn't he ask me himself? Because I would of said no that's why. I wonder what he has up his sleeves? There is only one way to find out. “I guess I can go downstairs to eat dinner” I answer if things get out of hand I can always come back upstairs. 
     “Actually it's not dinner downstairs,” she says as she plays with her hair I guess that's a family trait “it's a father and daughter dinner at the Armani hotel this weekend”. I knew there was more I just knew it. There is no way I am going out to a father and daughter dinner. What makes him think I would be up for that when I haven't even ate dinner in the same table as he? Don't get me wrong I don't hate my father it's the complete opposite. I love him so much that I can't forgive his betrayal. “Before you say no I'll be there with my dad and I thought since we had such a good time yesterday maybe we can do it again” she says sarcastically. I kind of ruin her night yesterday but that was her own fault for not telling me about Raul. I do feel bad tho she had to worry about me all night she didn't even get the chance to enjoy herself. “Me, you, and our dads? No one else?” I ask. I'm not going to fall for that one again. Call me crazy but I'm actually thinking of going not because of my dad but for Sammy I owe her that much. “Just us,” she tries to hide her excitement.   
     “Okay I'll go” I drink the rest of my water waiting for her to jump up and down. “Wait what?” she ask in disbelief “Really that easy?”. I shrug my shoulders “I'm in a good mood”. She hops off the bed “You know what I'm leaving before you change your mind”. I laugh as she skips, like a 5 year old, out of my room. I really don't feel like spending some quality time with my dad but I owe her for being a drunk last night. How did I even get home last night? I know I didn't ride with dick head and dick balls. I need a cold shower to get rid of this hang over. 
     “Butterfly,” Nina greets me as I enter the kitchen. The shower really helped me get rid of my hangover but now I'm starving. “What a surprise” she gives me a huge smile. I shrug my shoulders dismissing her surprise “I got hungry”. I open the fridge and find my bowl of fresh fruits waiting for me. I feel all warm inside knowing that no matter what happens Nina always thinks of me. “Thanks Nina,” I reach for my bowl and walk to the table. I'm already here I might as well eat here too. “You are very welcome are you going to join everyone else at the table?” she ask with hope. Let's not get crazy now just the fact that I'm here is mind blowing. “No” I shake my head. I have no intention of sitting down in a table full of people I don't like right now. I know eventually I will have to forgive my dad but it won't be any time soon. My uncle Jay has nothing to do with this mess but he is guilty by association and let's not even talk about Raul. “Okay I'm just glad you're out your room” she says as she walks out the kitchen. I hear everyone in the dinning room talking and laughing like a big happy family. How can they live like nothing has happen? Do they even think about me? I don't want to sound bitter but I am.
     “Well good morning” the last person I wanted to see says as he walks in. There is nothing good when he is around. Seriously doesn't he have a house of his own? “How is that hangover?” Mark ask as he pours out some coffee. I refuse to answer maybe he will get the point and leave. I dip my head and focus on my fruits. “Well I don't have a hangover but yet again I didn't drink as much as you did” he continues. I shove a strawberry into my mouth and chew in silent. “Maybe we can go out again” he continues. Is he fucking kidding me? What makes him think I would even consider that idea? If I knew he was going to be there last night I would of not gone at all. I lift my head and stare at him if I could shoot daggers out of my eyes he would be dead. “Man, I'm so thankfully looks can't kill because I have a feeling I would be dead by now” he smirks. He has no idea how right he is about that. “So I was thinking,” he takes a sip of his coffee. 
     “Do you ever shut the fuck up?” I finally snap. I couldn't take it no more he knows how to push my buttons. He chuckles “Now that's more like it”. I swear there is something seriously wrong with him well beside the obvious that is. It seems like the more I push him away the more he tries. I roll my eyes annoyed at myself for letting him get under my skin. 
     “So I guess you're still mad at me” he takes a sit across from me. Still mad? I drop my fork and cross my arms across my chest as I glare at him. “Mad?” I let out a fake laugh “What I feel is so beyond mad Mark that there is not even a word for it”. Hate is more like it. He leans back into the chair “Well at least you're talking to me that's a start”. I don't even know why I am talking to him. I've been avoid him like the plague since we got here. I even told my father to keep him away from me. That's one of the reason why I stay in my room to avoid him since he is always around. I've had enough of this conversation I'm not getting anywhere with him. I push my bowl away it seems like I lost my appetite and jump off the chair. “I'm sorry,” he apologizes yet again. That's it I'm tired of hearing him apologizes. I turn to face him and lean on my elbows “You know I would of forgiving you for kidnapping me or for back stabbing me but what I can't and won't forgive you is for killing Gabe”. Just saying that brings tears to my eyes “It doesn't matter how many times you apologize I will never accept it”. I walk away with my head up high and a broken heart all over again. 
     Being around Mark takes me back to that day and I relive everything all over again. The truth is that I miss Gabe more and more everyday. I miss his smile, laughter, the way he ran his hand through his hair every time he was worried about something, the dimple that popped up on his right cheek every time he smiled, and last but no least his green eyes. I also miss Sophia. I haven't been able to get in contact with her and that's killing me. She probably thinks I've forgotten all about her. I climb into bed and cry until there is nothing left but the numbness. I guess I'm staying in bed today. After a few hours of watching Nexflix Sammy walks in with my dinner “Nina sends you this” she puts the tray down. “Thanks I'll eat it later” I lie. I'm not hungry and to be honest I don't think I'll get hungry later. “What are you watching?” she ask nervously. “Sex and the city” I answer. I know what she is going to ask before she does. “Can I stay?” she whispers so low I barley hear her. I peel the sheets “Hop in”. She takes off her shoes and jumps in with out touching me. See that's what I'm taking about she knows when to stop pushing. 
     “So I was listing to the radio today,” she says and I nod for her to keep going “there was this love story about a guy who apparently met the girl of his dream. He tried everything to make her fall in love with him. After trying for a few weeks it finally happen. Everything was going great with them until one day out of the blue she disappeared leaving no trace behind. So like any prince charming he has done everything in his power to find her but no one seems to know where she went it's like she disappeared in thin air,” she says smiling. Sammy is a hopeless romantic just like me well before everything happen of course. “He's been looking for her ever since but for some odd reason he can't find her so he came up with a genius. Everyday at exactly the same time he starts calling every radio stations in the USA asking them to play the same song as he sends his dream girl a message”. 
     That sounds like a sweet story I hope he finds his girl, it's not every day you find a prince charming. “I hope he finds her” I say meaning it from the bottom of my heart. She smiles up at me “I knew you would like that story”. I instantly drop my head to look down at my hands trying to avoid her stare it makes me uncomfortable. “What's the song?” I ask just out of pure curiosity. From the corner of my eyes I see her shrug her shoulders “I don't know I didn't get to hear it”. Hopefully the girl gets to hear the song and realize that she made a huge mistake by leaving him. I never get the chance to talk to Sammy face to face not because she doesn't want to but because I don't. Every time we are alone she always want to talk about me and how I am doing. I just ignore her and walk away but now I feel like talking to her just not about me. I shift into my side to face her “Can I ask you something?”. I know we might end up fighting but I have to ask it's killing me not knowing. “What?” she stares at me in blank. She has no idea what I'm about to ask her. “Are you and Raul having...you know...sex?” I blurt out. 
     I know that it's none of my business if she is or not but I just hate the idea of her having sex with that scumbag. He doesn't deserve that privilege she should lose her virginity to some one that truly loves and respect her. Not that asshole who is only using her for god knows what. “That's none of your business,” she scowls “but no we aren't” she answers a little annoyed. Oh thank God! I let out a small breath of relief “I'm glad you aren't having sex,” I might as well get this over with “I just think that your first time should be with some one who will take care of you and most importantly some one you won't regret later on if things don't work out”. She tucks a strand of her hair behind her ear “I'm not ready for that step yet I care for Raul but I don't love him”. I'm so glad to hear that maybe there is still hope for her after all. I lean in and embrace her into a hug “Please please don't do it if you aren't 100 percent sure and even than come talk to me first”. I will personally make sure to change her mind if that should happen. I feel her arms go around me as she pins me to her body “Thanks Jane” she says into my skin. 
     I didn't even realize that I was hugging her until I felt her arms go around me. I haven't had physical contact with another person in a while. I feel like I been outside in the freezing cold and finally got to come inside to a fireplace where I feel all warm and cozy. I can feel my tears starting back up behind my eyeballs. I give her a small pat on her back and clear my throat of any emotion “Okay let's see what's going on with Carry” I break contact with her before tears start rolling down my face. From the corner of my eye I see Sammy smiling from ear to ear causing me to half smile. She has no idea how much I love her.                                      
              Chapter 7 Gabe
     I'm going crazy, it has been almost a week since I've last seen Jane. Knowing where she is staying isn't helping my case either it is taking all the strength I have in me not go after her. Well that and Logan. He has stopped me a few times from going after her. Every time I think of how much of an asshole I was to Jane in the beginning makes me want to kick my ass. The only reason why I pushed her away was because she made me feel things I've never felt before. I've been with a lot of girl and none of them had made me feel what Jane made me feel by only looking at her. At first I thought all I needed was to fuck her to get her out my system but as I got to know her better I knew that wasn't going to cut it. I never believed in all that love shit. I thought I was living the life fucking a new girl every night and throwing them out my bed by sunrise not worrying about their feelings. To be honest I didn't have time for a relationship. I was all about my career until Jane walked into my life. From the first moment I laid eyes on her she had me wrapped around her finger and I didn't even know it. 
     “Here,” Logan hands me a cold beer “you need one”. He takes a seat next to me. “Thanks,” I say. Logan reaches for the remote control to turn on the TV “You know what I think it's strange?” he ask. “I have no idea but I'm sure you are going to tell me” I lean back into the couch to get comfortable for this conversation. “We know that Jane's father is El Rey and we also know that he got capture,” I nod, not knowing where he is going with this “and we also know that Mark was the one who kidnapped her, but what we don't know is whom he is working for?”. I've been asking myself the same question Mark isn't smart enough to be the brain behind all of this and even if he was I know for a fact he doesn't have that much money. “And another thing how many people do you know are allow to go to parties while being kidnapped? Some thing isn't adding up even if Mark was behind all of this why let her out and most importantly why hasn't she tried running away?” he finish. 
     Why didn't I think about all of this before? They are all good points. Why haven't she tired escaping or even calling some one to help her? I was so caught up in finding Jane that I didn't think about the rest. “Good points” I say as I try to come up with the answers. “Aren't you glad I came along?” he gives me his cheesy little boy smile. “Thanks for tagging along” I say sarcastically as I finish my beer. I really am thankful he came along. “Want another beer?” I ask as I walk towards the kitchen. “Sure why not” he shouts. 
     I walk back in with our beers and find him laughing at something on his phone. “What's so funny?” I ask. I can use some amusement right now. His smile drops as he quickly puts his phone upside down on the table “Nothing”. I know he is lying to me because he is trying  his best to fight back a smile. “You know what I think it's funny?” I hand him his beer. I'm going to give him a little doze of his own medicine. “Everything” he answers. I take my seat “And the fact that you're laughing at nothing only psychos laugh at nothing” I answer. 
     “You sound like a jealous bitch asking me who I am texting” he leans back and pretends to watch TV. “And you sound like a boyfriend who just got caught cheating” I reply trying my best not to laugh at him. Since he doesn't want to to share his amusement I have to make some of my own.  “Shut the fuck up and watch the fucking movie” he turns up the volume on the TV to tune me out. 
     A few minutes later my phone rings I look down and smile to myself “Hi Soso” I answer. “Gabbie! Have you seen her again?” she ask all excited. She has been calling me everyday asking the same question over and over again. She really misses Jane. I had to sneak out of the country because she wanted to come with me. There was no way I was bringing her and Logan agreed with me. “Not yet Soso” I give her the same answer as everyday. “What is taking so long? I feel like you guys have been gone for ever I miss ya” she whines. I feel bad for leaving her behind but at least I know she is safe. “We've only been gone for 2 weeks and I'm sorry it's taking long”. Logan stops the movie and takes out his phone again to text. I wonder who the hell he be texting and why is he hiding it from me? “It's fine just don't you dare come back with out her if you have to re-kidnap her than you do just that” she orders. There is no way I'm leaving with out Jane she is the reason I flew all the way out of here. “Yes mam” I say. 
     “Okay I'm going to bed I love and miss you” she says. “Me too make sure to lock your door and windows” I remind her. Even tho I made sure Steven would watch out for her while I'm gone I still worry especially now that I don't know who I can trust. “Don't worry dad I have a man keeping me safe at night” she answers with her little girly voice that annoys the hell out of me. I run my hand through my hair trying to keep calm last thing I need is to get into a fight with Sophia. Last time I checked she broke up with Jake. I don't remember the reason why. I hope she isn't dating any one new while I'm no there. “Who Jake?” I ask hoping the answer is yes. At least I know him and most importantly he knows better than to fuck her over. From the corner of my eye I see Logan shifts in his seat, he is probably waiting for me to get off the phone to start the movie. “No I told you we aren't together” she scowls through the phone. I'm losing my patience with her. I'm not up for her little games especially right now. “Who's with you Sophia?” I ask frustrated. “I'm with Liam” she bust out laughing. I should of known she was with him they are always together like they are join at the hip. I can't help but to chuckle “I don't think Liam is consider a man”. Logan spills beer on him as he let's out a laugh he is probably laughing at the same thing I am. 
     “Tell him to bring me back my girlfriend and I show him how much of a man I am” I hear Liam in the back. If I wasn't 100 percent sure he was gay I would have kicked his ass for that comment. “Goodnight Soso” I say ready to end the conversation. I love her to death but she can talk a storm up. “Love you Gabbie,” she says. “Me too!” Liam yells. I shake my head “Same bye you two stay safe”. I know that Liam will keep her safe from anything. He has really been there for her and even for me. We really have become good friends over these few months. “Do you remember why Sophia and Jake broke up?” I ask Logan. If she told me I must of told him or she probably told him herself since they've been getting along lately. He shrugs his shoulders “Some thing about not feeling the same”. Oh that's right now I remember Sophia wasn't as involve as Jake was which is weird because she is the type to fall first. “Right well to bad I kind of liked the fucker” I take a sip of my beer. He has been the only guy that I've met that had the balls to stand up to me but I rather for him to suffer than my sister. “Yeah to bad” Logan says annoyed as he turns up the volume on the TV. What the hell crawl up his ass and die? I have to much on my plate right now to deal with his shit but once this is all over I'm going to have a serious talk with him to see what the hell is going on with him.
                               Chapter 8 Jane
     “Are you ready?” Sammy walks in looking gorgeous as always, in a spaghetti silk blue dress that stops right above her knees. The color looks good on her tan skin. She looks so excited meanwhile I've been in my room debating if I should go or not. I can pretend that I have a headache or that I came down with some weird virus but I know Sam wouldn't believe that. “Nice dress” she complements me. “Thanks” I say as I finish putting the last details on my outfit. Seeing that there is no way for me to get out of this I decide to go. How bad can it be? Right? I'm wearing a long classy strapless black dress with a split that goes up my right thigh. I'm not wearing a bra because it wouldn't look right with this dress. My hair is in a clean bun on top of my head. I'm wearing little make up just some mascara, eyeliner, and red lipstick to match my red purse and some silver chandelier earrings that are to die for.
     “I can't believe you haven't change your mind” she walks towards me as she takes me in. She has no idea how close I was on changing my mind. I have a bad feeling in the pit of my stomach it's telling me it's not a good idea. I can still come up with some kind of disease. “Come on they are waiting for us downstairs” she says as she checks herself out one last time in the mirror. I shake my head and push her towards the door she can stare at herself all day if I let her. 
     “There they are,” my uncle says as we walk down the stairs. My dad turns around and his eyes find mine instantly “Princess you look beautiful” his eyes shine with what I think it's hope. He extends his arm to reach out for me as I take the last step. “Hi dad,” I say as I dismiss his hand. “Hi tio” I look over to my uncle who is watching us. He smiles at me “You look nice baby girl”. I open my purse and pretend to look for something “Thanks can we go now?”. If we stay any longer I might just crawl back in bed. Uncle Jay wraps his arm around Sam's shoulder “After you darling”. Sammy smiles at him as he kisses her forehead. I can't help but to feel jealous of her I want to be that little girl again. I want to feel safe in my dad's arms again. 
     As soon as we get to the hotel I regret not staying home. The whole drive over here was awkward no one said a word it's like we are all in our little world. Why did I even think I can do this? “Come on Jane,” Sammy opens the door for me. Breath Jane you can do this. I climb out the car and walk towards the hotel I might as well get this over with. “Mr. Cooper your table is ready please follow me” the blond receptionist greets us with a smile. The first thing I do as soon as we enter the room is scan for the bar. I have a feeling I'm going to need a few drinks to get through dinner. My dad pulls out a chair for me and I slide in giving him a nod as a thank you. “Good afternoon my name is Chad and I'll be your waiter this afternoon may I get you anything to drink?” the blond waiter ask. “Wine” I quickly say not giving any one time to answer. “Don't you think you had enough to drink the other night” my dad says while reading the menu. Is he kidding me? He hasn't said one word to me on the way over and the first thing he choice to say is that? Now he wants to control what I drink? “Yes I did luckily for me today is a new day and I want wine” I wink at the waiter who looks confuser as he looks between my father and me. “In that case bring the best wine you have” my dad orders and the waiter nods. I can't stop my eyes from rolling. 
     I'm definite going to need something much stronger than wine. “So Jane,” my uncle says catching my attention “how have you been?”. I lean back into my chair to think about my answer. I can say that I'm the happiest girl in the world and that I'm glad to be here with them or I can tell him the truth. “Well let's see tio after your dear brother here got me kidnapped and dragged to the middle of no where I can honestly say I've been fucking miserable” I decide to go with the truth. “Jane watch your language” my dad dares to correct me. Is he fucking kidding me? Watch my language? Really? How about watch who you are killing. Thankfully the waiter comes back just in time with my wine. “Well there must be a good reason why my dear brother dragged you all the way out here” my uncle looks over to my dad. There is no surprise there of course he would take his side. He is his brother after all. I bet if it was the other way he would do something or even maybe some thing even worst than that. “I would love to hear the answer” I fold my arms across my chest as I look over to my father who is staring my uncle down. If looks can kill I'm pretty sure my uncle would be dead by now. “Well?” I arched my eyebrow waiting for his answer. My uncle gives him a small nod for him to go on. Is there something I've missed here? “Because I missed you” he simply says as if that was a good of a reason. 
     Un-fucking-believable! So because he fucking missed me he got me kidnapped and dragged all the way here and in the process got Gabe killed? He couldn't be like any normal father and call me. Even if he didn't have my number I'm pretty sure he could of gotten it. I feel a new level of anger towards him. “Wow dad,” I start clapping catching the tables next to us attention I don't give a damn if I got every ones attention in the damn room “if  you put it that way all is forgiven”. Sammy takes a sip of her wine, my uncle shakes his head, and my father just stares at me “Now Jane-”. I slide the chair back I really don't care what he has to say to me right now “If you excuse me I need a drink” I walk away before my father can say another word. 
     Because he missed me. Ha! He couldn't come up with something more believable? Something like he feared for my life or something was terribly wrong with his health and he only had a few months to live. Maybe then I would of probably understand him but because he missed me that is just him being selfish. Always thinking about himself and no one else. What about me? What about what I want or my feelings? I was so into my thoughts that I walked right into a waiters with a tray full of water. “I'm so sorry” she says as the water spills all over my dress. Great just fucking great! I knew I should of stayed my ass home. “No I'm sorry” I grab the small towel she hands me. My dress is all wet it's sticking to me like a second skin my nipples instantly get hard due to the cold water. “Oh my god I'm so sorry please let me help you” she says as she leans down to pick up the glasses. “It's okay it was my fault” I squat down to help her. The least I can do is help her it was my fault after all if I wasn't so into my thoughts I would of seen her coming. “Please let me help you or I could get fire and I really need this job” she chant as she picks up the glasses. The last thing I want is for her to lose her job over some thing that was my fault. “Okay” I give in.  
     She pulls out a room card from her back pocket “Go to room 103 that's where we leave our stuff wait for me there I'll go get something to dry your dress up”. I really don't care about the dress being wet but I can use some alone time to cool down. I grab the card from here “Thank you”. I don't even bother looking back I'm sure everyone is staring at me including my dad. How embarrassing I haven't been here more than 20 minutes and everything is a disaster. I should of listen to my gut. I thought I could have a normal dinner with my father but I was wrong if anything I'm even more pissed off at him than what I was before. Because he missed me is he fucking serious? 
     The room is located on the second floor. I insert the room card and the little light turns green giving me permission to enter. “Hello?” I called out as I walk in. There is no answer. It's so quite that I can hear myself breathing. The room looks like any normal hotel room. There is a bed in the middle, a big screen TV hanging from the wall, and by the window there is a nice big black chair next to a night stand. It seems sort of weird that they keep their stuff in a normal hotel room. I close the door behind me and walk towards the window. The view is beautiful just like everything else. I can see the ocean from here. I feel at peace being here by myself  I don't even want to go back to the table but I can't stay here. I'm pretty sure they'll come looking for me if I do. I hear the door knob turning and I turn to greet the waiter. 
     I feel my eyebrows lifts all the way up to my hairline as my mouth drops open. How is this possible? Did I hit my head when I crash into the waiter? Am I dreaming? “Muffin” oh god that voice makes my knees go weak. I lean into the chair to help me catch my balance. Oh god I think I lost my mind. This can't be happening. “Baby-” I put my hand up as I shake my head in disbelief “No don't move I don't know what sick game you are playing but stay away” I say as I walk backwards. That can't be Gabe. Gabe is dead I saw him die. My heart is beating so fast and my whole body is shaking. “I know what you're thinking but I'm not dead baby” he steps closer. My back hits the wall I have no where else to go. I start to feel lightheaded, it's getting harder for me to breath, and the room is spinning around me. Oh god I think I'm going to faint. “Breath baby just breath for me” Gabe is only one step away from me. Before I can even push him away my legs give up from under me. Luckily Gabe wraps his arms around me before I slumped to the floor. “Wow there,” he says as he walks me the chair. “Breath Muffin breath” he strokes my cheek with his thumb. His touch is so warm no like the last time he touched me. The smell of his cologne and body wash hits me like a fireball. God I missed his smell. “I need space” I say but my body is screaming NO STAY. He steps away and I drop my head to my hands. This can't be true I must have a concussion or maybe I'm still laying on the floor. I'm afraid to lift my head up and find no one there. 
     This is it I finally cracked, if I'm being honest with myself it was only a matter of time. I knew I was close to losing it like seriously who talks to themselves? More importantly what sane person answers to their own questions? Okay this is the deal if I look up and find no one standing there I'll get some professional help. I lift my head up but my eyes are shut close. I'm so scare of opening them and finding nothing there. I hear him breathing but what if it's just my mind playing games with me? I can't take this no more I need to know. I take in a big breath and as I let it go I open my eyes to find Gabe sitting there looking straight at me. “How?” I whisper more to myself than to him. 
     “I was wearing a bulletproof vest only one bullet made contact with my flesh that's why I was bleeding so much Logan rushed me to the hospital where they operated on me” he answers. Oh god! I'm not dreaming this is real he is here! I'm not going crazy. I start crying tears of happiness and relief. Gabe is alive and I'm not going crazy. “I'm sorry for causing you so much pain. If I knew where you were I would of gotten to you sooner as soon as I found out I came looking for you” he rush out. Is he serious? I should be the one apologizing not him. Now that I know he is real I take my time to really see him. My memories of him doesn't give him justice he is even more beautiful than what I remember. His hair is a little longer than last time I saw him, it comes down to his eyebrows and it's messier than I have ever seen it. He has a light stubble beard growing which makes him look older and sexier. He looks tired but his eyes are still my favorite color green. He runs his hand through his hair as he drops his head. Oh god how I missed him I feel a ache in my chest that only he can fill it. What am I doing all the way over here? This has been what I been dreaming of to have him with me again. “Muffin I know that-”.
     The sound of my heels hitting the floor makes him lift his head just in time to see me coming. I fly right into his arms and pin him to me. He is real oh god. I squeeze him as tears fall down my face. I place my face into the side of his neck and smell him in all over again. I can't believe this is real. God let it be real because if this is a joke I won't be able to survive it. I pull back and stare into my favorite eyes in the world. His stubble tickles my palm as I run my hand up and down his face I can't stop touching him “I can't believe you are really here”. He stares right into my eyes “I know” he says breathless. I have to kiss him I need to feel him all of him. I pull his face towards mine and brush our lips. God that feels like heaven. I gasp as he cups the back of my neck and pulls on my bottom lip asking for access. This is so surreal I can't wrap my head around it. My tongue meets his half way and my body comes to life. The air around us changes from surprise to desire. My hands run through his soft messy hair I need him. With every kiss he gives me I feel like I'm waking up from the nightmare I've been living. His tongue runs across the top of my mouth and my body shivers. God I missed that. I miss everything that has to do with him. My sex is crying out for him which is funny because I could of sworn that was dead. 
     I run my hand down his chest to peel off his vest he helps me with out leaving my lips. I start to unbutton his shirt as he peels my dress down. He flips me onto the bed as I reach for his pants. “Muffin we don't-” I crash my lips against his this is exactly what I need right now. I slide off my heels and pull down my dress. He pulls back and stares at me with his eyes filled with desire “Fuck no bra”. That's all he needed to take of his shoes and pants. I take off my panties and throw them some where. Gabe licks his lips as his eyes travel all over my naked body. I feel his eyes touching my body and my body breaks into millions of goosebumps. My nipples go hard under his stare and my muffin is so wet I think I wet the bed. His body is so gorgeous with all his firm abs and that perfect man V he has. I pull him by his boxer and dip my hand inside to find his cock ready. “Take them off” I say almost out of breath. He slides them off and his cock spring out to greet me “Hello old friend” I lick my lips. I've never been so turned on I want to taste his cock but I need him inside me right now. 
     I grab him and throw him on his back on the bed. I climb into his lap and straddled him. I feel the tip of his cock teasing my entrance begging to come in. I stare at him and his eyes are begging me to put him out his misery. I wrap my hand around his cock as I use my other had to keep me balance. I slowly lower myself on to his cock. “Oh god” I cry out as he stretches me out. I gasp and throw my head back enjoying every inch of him. He feels bigger and thicker than what I remember. For the first time in a very long time I feel alive. As he sits up he sends more waves of pleasure.“I fucking missed you so much” he sucks on my nipple. I arch my back to give him more access to my nipple as I slowly start rocking back and forth. “Oh fuck” I cry as my clit rubs against his hip bone. He let's go of my nipple and licks his way up my neck. Feeling his moist tongue on my hot skin is so erotic. He lifts me off his cock just to slam me back down. “Fuck” I cry as I stretch all over again. “Jump on it baby” he grabs my thighs to help me. With every bounce I get closer to the end. “Fuck! Fuck!” my cries and the sound of our skin slapping against each other fills the room. He stands up and my legs wrap around his waist. I'm to close to busting to let go. I wrap my arms around his neck and kiss him like it was the last time. I'm so overwhelm with so many different emotions that I might just cry. 
     He lays me down on the bed and starts pounding inside of me like a mad man. With every thrust he makes he pokes me right on the spot. I grab his ass and pin him inside me as we begin to move as one. “Oh, Gabe, right there” I cry as my breath start to increase. I feel tingles starting up from my toes. “Fuck!” I scream as I finally reach my destination. Gabe hovers over my mouth and growls as he explodes inside of me. 
                             Chapter 9 Gabe
     “That was....WOW” Jane says as I lay my head on her chest. It feels so good having her underneath me as she plays with my hair. My plan was to get her alone and explain everything to her but that went out the window when she jumped on me. It has been so long since I last kissed her that I couldn't resist myself. “It was you that day wasn't it?” she runs her nails up and down my back. Is it bad that she is turning me on? “Yes” I answer knowing exactly what she is talking about “I was going to tell you that day but than I saw how drunk you were and decided to wait”. I lift my head to look at her “That needs to stop”. I hate seeing her drink her problems away it reminds me of some one I used to know. She tilts her head to the side to stare me right in my eyes “I know”. She runs her hand down my face “I still can't believe you're here”. I kiss the inside of her palm “I know Muffin”. I can't believe it myself. We stare at each other eyes having our own silent conversation.
     Oh shit! I see the exact moment her light amber eyes change into a darker shade. “You're a fucking cop!” she shoves me off her. Now that was what I was expecting. “Let me explain” I say as she jumps out of bed. “No, there is nothing you can say you used me” she bends down, exposing all her ass to me as she grabs her dress. The fact that she thinks I used her pisses me off but I need to stay calm for our sake. “Where the fuck is my underwear” she looks around the room. I notice them by my shoes and I picked them up. “You mean these?” I smirk as I swing her pink lace underwear in the air. “Give me that” she reach for them and I pull back. “What ever perv” she slides her dress back on. “You are not going out there without any underwear” I growl. She has me fucked up if she thinks she is going out there like that. She wouldn't dare. “Oh really?” she slides on her heels “Watch me”. I hop off the bed and walk towards her “Don't play with me Muffin” I corner her. “Move Gabe” she turns her head to the side avoiding me. 
     I run my hand up her expose thigh. She looks fucking hot in this dress I want to rip it off her. “Gabe” she shivers as my hand caress her thigh. My cock is ready to go again just by having her this close. I rub my nose up and down her neck, she drives me crazy with her scent. “Muffin I had no idea who you were,” I kiss her right on her vein I can feel her pulse speeding up “I didn't tell you about my job the same reason you didn't tell me about your dad”. I stroke her inner thigh I want her so bad right now. “How do I know you're telling me the truth?” she says as she spreads her legs wider for me. She wants me just as bad as I want her. “What does your heart say?” I slide in a finger to find her wet and ready. She grabs my shoulder as I pull her in for a kiss. I thrust a second finger inside of her and she moans into my mouth. That is the sexiest sound I have ever herd. I need to be inside her right now. She runs her hands through my hair as she deepens our kiss. 
     “Jane are you in there?” some one knocks on the door. “Fuck it's Sammy” Jane pulls back from our kiss. “I got to go” she walks pass me but I grab her arm “We aren't finish”. She looks down at my hard cock and licks her lips causing my cock to swell even more than what it is “Oh we are most definite not done,” she leans in and gives me a quick kiss “but I have to go now”. I need more than a quick kiss from her. I wrap my arm around her waist and suck on her bottom lip. I immediately stick my tongue inside of her mouth. She moans and I feel it in the back of my throat. She wraps her arms around my neck and I shift my hip into her. I run my tongue on the top of her mouth and her body trembles against mine. I get her every time. “I love you Muffin” I say as we try to catch our breath. She tilts her head back “I love you too Ape” her eyes are filled with tears ready to fall. She has had a long eventful day. “Jane open the door before tio comes looking for you” there is another knock on the door. Tio? I know that mean uncle in Spanish. “I have to go” she steps out of my embrace and I instantly feel the emptiness. “I have a feeling you know how to find me” she winks playfully. “Baby I'll find you no matter where you are” I answer with a smirk of my own. “I'm sure you will” she smiles and my heart skips a beat, god how I missed her smile “now go hide”. I reach for my cloths and give her a quick kiss as I walk to the bathroom. I can't believe I am hiding like some kind of teenager.. “What are you doing in here?” I hear Sammy ask. Part of me wants to go out there and tell her to get lost but I know that wouldn't go well with Jane “And what the hell happen to your hair?”. I have to fight my laughter back. “Long story come on I'll tell you on our way back” I hear the door close. I wonder what exactly is she going to tell her. 
     I wonder if Sammy even knows about me? “What am I going to do with you?” I look down at my hard cock. There is only one way I can deal with this “Sorry buddy”. 
     After a quick but helpful cold shower I walk into the room to look for my shoes. As I lean down to grab them from the corner of my eye I notice Jane's pink lace underwear on the ground. Oh she is going to pay for this. I pick them up and tuck them into my pants. I can't stop thinking about what just happen. Jane looked so sexy and confident as she rode me like no one has ever done. The way her breast bounced every time she bounced on my dick. Fuck my cock is hard again. “So how she take it?” Logan ask as he walks in. Oh she took it very well I think to myself. “We really didn't get the chance to talk about it” I say as I fix my shirt. “Please don't tell me you fucked her while I was in the dinning room watching your back putting my life in danger” he says sarcastically. “I don't know what you are talking about” I walk pass him trying to avoid this conversation. “Oh you son of a bitch you did I can tell by that goofy smile on your face” he slaps me on my back. I don't even know why I try lying to him he always sees right through me. “Shut the fuck up and let's go” I have to see her even if it's from afar. As soon as I walk inside the dinning room my eyes find her in a corner with two men and Sammy. 
     Jane's face is still flush from our little meeting she looks all hot and bother. Just knowing that she is sitting there with out no underwear or bra makes my hard all over. “Now that is the Gabe I know” Logan says from besides me catching my attention. “What?” I turn towards the bar I need a cold drink. “That I am glad to see that sappy look in your eyes again” he takes the seat next to me. “It feels good to be back” I say meaning it. I finally feel like my old self and I owe it all to Jane. “Just wait until we go back home to Queen B let's see if you'll be saying the same thing” he orders two beers. I don't even want to think about her right now I know we have it coming we might even get fired but if Jane comes back with me it will be all worth it. “You know you can still go back” I remind him. I feel guilty that he is risking his job over this. “Na I can't,” he takes a sip of his beer “I promise Sophia I would watch over you”. 
     Well I guess he isn't going any where then. He'll never break a promise to Sophia. I take a sip of my own beer “When did you talk to her?” I ask a little curious. I have been around Logan 24/7 and I haven't herd him talk to her not even once. He shrug his shoulder trying to dismiss the subject “When she found out we ditch her”. I'm not surprise that she called him. When I was in the hospital Logan stepped in and took care of Sophia and my mom. Ever since than they have been getting along which isn't a surprise to me. Back when we were younger Logan and Sophia were actually pretty close. They were so close that I was even kind of jealous of losing my best friend to her. He would rather stay home with her than to go out with me. Until one day out of no where they got into a fight, which was normal for them, I thought it was going to blow over but I was wrong it came to a point where they couldn't be in the same room. Neither of them ever told me what was the fight about until this very day I still don't know. 
     “I just hope it doesn't end like last time” I warn him. They were both in pretty bad shape and I was stuck in the middle of my best friend and my baby sister. I didn't know which side to take and it didn't help the fact that I didn't know what was going on. He shakes his head as his jaw clenches “It won't”. I know this is a sore topic for him. He always gets moody when we touch this topic so I'll just drop the conversation for now but one day I will find out what happen between them. 
     As I take a swing of my beer I feel some one's eyes burning my back I turn around to find Jane's amber eyes on me. I wink at her and she bites down on her lip trying to hide her smile. I love to see her smile it lights up my world. I promise to make up for all the pain she has been through. Sammy looks at Jane and follows her stare all the way to me. “Busted,” Logan mumbles “we are so going to die today remind me to kick your ass before we die”. If I knew he was going to be this negative I would of left his ass back home and bought Sophia with me. Sammy leans in to Jane and whispers something in her ear, Jane shakes her head and breaks eye contact with me. “Let's leave before they chop off our balls I'm sure you'll see her tomorrow” Logan pays for our beers. I'm definite going to see her tomorrow even if I have to go to hell. “Let's go before you piss on your Victoria secret thong” I laugh. We make our way to the exited and I take one last glance at Jane only to find her already staring at me. 
     We lock eyes and I blow her a kiss. Her cheeks turn into a rosy pink as she shakes her head in amusement. “You love playing with danger don't you?” Logan ask as we reach our car. “I can't help it when it comes down to her” I admit. I would do anything for that girl even fight the devil himself. “Who were those guys that were with her?” he ask.
     “I don't know I didn't even see their faces” I say. I was so focus on Jane that I didn't even bother to look at them. “Me either” Logan adds. “What the hell were you doing that you couldn't see their faces?” I ask. He was in the dinning room the whole time I was with Jane so how the hell he didn't see them is beyond me. “Texting” he turns on the radio to avoid any more questions. He was probably texting one of his “close” friends, he is never going to change.
                             Chapter 10 Jane
     Gabe is alive! My beautiful handsome man came looking for me. I'm so happy that my heart might explode and confetti is going to go every where. I have no idea what came over my body but once I felt his warmth I needed to feel him inside of me. My body came alive as his warmth and scent surrounded me. Once he was inside of me it was like I was whole again. He erased all the pain I've been in just with his touch. We was so caught up in each other that we didn't even use a condom but it's okay because I'm on the pill. I've been on the pill since I came back. I like having control over my period. Now that I had him raw there is no way I am going back to condoms. Everything felt so intense and raw. I'm getting wet all over again just thinking of him. Even tho I want to climb on him again I won't. Not until we talk about everything. 
     “Come on Jane tell me who it is?” Sam ask for the one million time. Apparently she caught me eye fucking Gabe at the bar. “I don't know what you're talking about” I take a sip of my coffee trying to hide my smile. “Oh come one Jane I saw you yesterday eye fucking one of those two guys at the bar now tell me which one was it?” she pouts. I smile thinking about Gabe and how hot he looked yesterday with his just fucked hair. “Oh my god! Is that a smile? Now you have to tell me” she shouts with excitement. You would think it was Christmas morning. Thank god we are outside in the patio eating breakfast or else every one in the house would of herd her. “It was just some one I met” I shove a fruit in my mouth hoping she'll just drop the conversation. “Which one? The hot blond one or the sexy dark hair one?” she ask all excited. “I'm not saying” I shrug my shoulders, it's not that I don't trust her I just don't trust Raul. I'm not stupid I know she'll tell him and knowing that asshole he'll go back and tell Mark and beside I want to have Gabe all to myself. “Fine don't tell me but you know I can help” she says getting my attention. 
     “Oh really? How?” I ask. I know she is bluffing how can she possible help me? “I can cover for you when ever you want to see whom ever” she answers with a little smirk on her face. She does have a point why didn't I think of it before?  I could use her to get out of the house that is a brilliant idea. “Fine but you have to promise me you won't say nothing to no one” I give in. She smiles as she brings her pinky out in front of her “Pinky promise,”. I wrap my pinky around hers trying my best not to smile “Promise”. Her face lights up “I can't believe you let me touch you”. Now that I think about it I really haven't let her touch me. I've been pushing her and every one else away but that stops now. “Yeah sorry about the no touching rule,” I spread my arms open for her “Come to mamma”. With out thinking she jumps out of her seat and into my arms “I missed you” she says into my shoulder. I've never dwell on how much I really missed Sam. I run my hand up and down her back “I know me too”. I squeeze her a little bit tighter to show her how much I missed her. I'm so glad I have her in my life. “So what's the plan?”.
      ****************************************
     I'm wearing a red sundress that stops right above my knees. My hair is braided into a fish tail braid to the side. I add some mascara, eyeliner, and some lip gloss that makes my lips pop out more. I put on some earrings and my white sandals the ones that you can tie around your legs. I'm so thankful that I actually took the time to shave. “Oh you look amazing” Sammy says as she walks in. I spin around and my dress spins in the air making me feel like a ballerina. “Are you ready?” I ask as I spray some perfume on. We came up with a plan so I can go out and meet with Gabe. “Yeah” she chirp. I need to talk with Gabe to find out what is going on. I know Gabe will find me any where I'll go. Than why am I so nervous? I think I'm more excited to see him than nervous.“Come on let's go” Sammy interlocks her arm around mines and we walk out my room. 
     “Where are you two going?” my dad ask as we walk down the stairs. Fuck I didn't think he was going to be here. “To the aquarium” I quickly answer. At least I'm not lying. “Really?” he says eyeing our arms that are still locked in. I can tell that he is trying to hide his shock. “Yeah” Sam jumps in. My dad's face change from surprise to happy “Great I'll call some one to go with ya” he pulls out his phone. “No,” I say a little to fast “we aren't in La Vegas no more no one knows who we are down here why do we need some one to go with us?”. There is no way I'm letting some one following me that's just ridiculous. My dad crosses his arm against his chest as wrinkles start to form on his forehead ready to argue “But-”. I swing my hand out in front of me to stop him from talking as I roll my eyes out of annoyance “No buts or I'm not going”. I spin around and start climbing back upstairs. This is the breaking point he either backs down or I'll have to come up with a plan b. I really hope this work. “Fine go I'm not going to stop you from finally going out” he says giving in. YES! I try fighting my smile as I turn around to face him “Thank you”. He walks towards the wall where all his car keys hanging “Here,” he hands me a key “be careful”. I snatch the keys from his hands “I will”. 
     I grab Sammy's hand and walk towards the garage before he changes his mind. “Oh god I thought we were busted” Sammy says letting go of the air she was holding in. For a quick moment I thought we were busted too. That was close to close. I open the garage door and my mouth drops open. I knew my dad had a thing for cars but I didn't think it was this serious. There is so many cars in here that I feel like I'm in a dealer. How am I suppose to know which car key I have? 
     The car alarm dumb ass duh! I press the alarm button and a black and blue Lamborghini roars to life. Holly fucking shit! Is the only thing I can say right now. “No fucking way!” Sammy shouts as she eyes the car. I turn to face her with an arched eyebrow. “He doesn't let any one drive that” she answers my unask question. I roll my eyes at her it's going to take more than that to win me over. “Let's go” I walk towards the car. I press the button and the doors slide upwards. “Okay this is pretty awesome” I admit even tho I don't want too. If the car looks sexy in the outside let's not even talk about the inside. The seats are made of black leather and they have a light blue line going down in the center of the seat. You don't even need a key to start the car there is a button you have to push in. Even the dash board and the steering wheel are blue. I have to admit when it comes down to cars my father has good taste. Every where we stopped people stop to stare and once they found out a woman was driving it they were even more shocked. 
     “I can't wait to meet this mystery guy of yours” Sam squeals from her seat. I pull up at the aquarium and turn off the car “Well you're going to have to wait,” I open the door “because you aren't staying” I try getting out of the car before she can say anything. I was almost out the car when I feel her arm go around mines “What do you mean I'm not staying?”. I give her a smile because I know that will help my case “You're leaving and taking this beautiful car for a ride”. She frowns and pouts like a 5 year old “That wasn't part of the plan”. Little did she know this was the plan all along. I need to talk to Gabe one on one to sort all of this out and if afterwards we're still some thing I'll introduce him to Sammy. I pout and give her a taste of her own medicine “Please Sammy I don't want to jinks it”. She rolls her eyes knowing damn well what I am doing “Fine go have fun with your mystery man” she hands me the two tickets she bought online. I pull her in for a hug “Thank you”. I really am thankful for what she is doing. She gives me a small slap on my back “Yeah yeah what ever”. I hop out the car and Sammy slides over to the driving seat. “How do I look?” she ask as she slides down her sunglasses. “Like a boss as bitch” I answer truthfully. She looks like a boss in that car if only she could find some one that would treat her like one. “Good I'm going to do a little shopping” she smiles as she drives off.
      I walk inside the aquarium and hand them the tickets. I inform them that I was waiting for some one. I gave them a specific description of Gabe and told them to let him in with my ticket. Why make him pay for the entrance when I have an extra ticket? I might as well start the tour I don't know how long it's going to take Gabe to find me. I don't even know if he is coming. I hope he does. 
     Wooow! This place is breathtaking beautiful. There are tanks every where. Every tank I pass contains different kinds of fishes, it's amazing how they come in all different size, color, and shapes. There are blue, red, yellow, all kinds of different color it's like they are made out of rainbows. They are so beautiful. I wish I had a phone to take pictures of them. I wonder if fishes fall in love like we do? Okay now I am thinking crazy. I laugh at my own silly thoughts. I can't wait to see the dolphins. They are my favorite animals in the sea they are so smart and friendly. Well that's what I think at least that's what I've seen on animal planet. I walk through a tunnel where I'm surrounded by million of fishes. It's so magical having sharks and everything else swim around me. I feel like I'm walking on the bottom of the ocean. I look up at the exact same time a shark passes by. All I want to do is reach out and touch it but I might look like a dork. 
     I feel some one's arms go around my waist and my body instantly relaxes into theirs. I don't even have to turn around to know that it's Gabe. His scent is all I need to smell to know it's him. “Took you long enough” I joke. I feel so relief that he found me there was a part of me that doubt him. “Actually I've been staring at you from a far you looked so happy I didn't want to interrupt you” he whisper into my ear causing my body to break into goosebumps. I can honestly say that I'm happy being in his arms makes me happy. “I am happy” I say out loud for him and every one else to hear me. He spins me around in a quick movement “You look amazing”. I feel his eyes on me like a gentle touch over my body. My nipples get hard and the fact that I'm not wearing a bra isn't helping my case. He is wearing a red tank top exposing his muscular arms with white dockers shorts that fit him so tight you can outline his every muscles. It's funny how we decided to wear the same color today. I place my hand on his chest to catch my balance and lean in for a kiss. 
     I have to keep remembering myself that we have to talk first before we get all touchy. He licks my bottom lip letting me know his tongue wants in. I instantly part my lips and he sticks his tongue inside my mouth. How can just one kiss from him turn me inside out? He swirls his tongue making my knees go weak. I wrap my arms around his neck trying to hold myself up. What was I saying? He pulls back and rest his forehead against mine “We need to talk”. I feel his hard cock rub against me and all I can think about is him naked. God when did I become such a pervert? I'm so glad I don't have a cock or I would be walking around with a hard one every time he is near. “Muffin” he tilts my head interrupting my dirty thoughts. “Yeah” I manage to say. He chuckles as he notice where my eyes are staring. I feel my cheeks start to burn with embarrassment. “We need to talk” he says as he chuckles. I pull back from him because I can't think straight when ever he is around. He has this way of making me forget everything and everyone around me. “We need to talk” I finally remembering the real reason why we're here. “I agree” he nods. “There is a restaurant by the entrance we can talk there” I say plus I'm kind of hungry. I was so excited to see him today that I forgot to eat anything. “Let's go” he sticks out his hand and with out hesitation I place my hand in his. His big warm hand wraps all over my small hand. All the walls that I've build this couple of months are finally crumpling down just by his touch. 
     “By the way you're never paying for me again” he adds out of no where. I step away from his embrace “That's ridiculous”. We are in the 21st century woman are allow to pay for their boyfriends. I'm the type of person that likes to share what I have and if I can than I will. I don't care what he says. He throws his arm around my shoulder to bring me towards him “I know it is but that's how it goes”. I shake my head not in the mood to fight with him over this when we have other important things to discuses “What ever”. I'll let him win this time but this isn't the end of this conversation. I've got so many questions to ask him and I'm sure he has many to ask me too. I'll try my best to answer truthfully. 
     “My lady” he pulls out the chair for me to sit. He knows I love it when he acts like a gentleman. “Thanks my lord” I grab my dress and bow giving him the same courtesy. He gives me a kiss on the forehead and takes his seat across from me. “You look beautiful” he complements me. I feel my whole body flushing at his words. “So do you” I smile. His hair is a mess like always and his eyes are greener than life. His smile should be illegal he can make any women panties drop with that smile. “May I get you something to drink?” a blond waiter ask. “A glass of wine” I'm going to need one for this conversation. Gabe's smile turns into a straight line as he stares at me “Make that 2 sodas. One sprite and a coca-cola” he orders never taking his eyes off me. I knew he wasn't going to let me order wine but it was worth a try. The waitress plays with her hair as she eye fucks Gabe “Be right back”. I have the urge to get up and punch her right in her face. What the hell is wrong with her? Doesn't she see me sitting right here?  I roll my eyes and mimic her as she walks away. “No more wine or any type of liquor for you” Gabe announced interrupting my acting skills. Excuse me? What did he just say? On top of being mad about this blond bimbo eye fucking him he throws me a curve ball. It's not even about me drinking I'm fine with never drinking another cup of alcohol it's about him telling me what to do instead of talking to me about it. 
     “That's the second ridiculous thing I herd you say today” I say annoyed. I already have a father who thinks he can tell me what to do. I don't need another one if he thinks he is going to tell me what I can or can't do he has another thing coming his way. “Muffin,” he reaches for my hand sensing my mood change “I've notice you have been drinking a lot lately”. No he did not just say that it feels like he just smack me across the face. He has no idea what I been through how dare he judge me? I pull my hand out of his hold “Well that was the only escape I had to turn off my emotions” I say defensively. I look down at my menu to avoid looking at him. I'm so pissed off that the words on the menu are blurry. I don't have a drinking problem I can stop when ever I want. “I hate that you were hurting because of me,” he whisper “it's my fault”. I lift my head even more pissed off than before. “Are you kidding me?” I stare him right in his eyes and see how much pain he is in. All the anger leaves my body and is replace with guilt. “None of this is your fault I stared to drink because I needed a way out of all the pain I was in when I thought you were dead. If anything this is all my fault” I say. If I wasn't who I was none of this would of happen in the first place. “No this isn't your fault,” he runs his hands through his hair “I'm sorry it took me so long to find you if I knew where you were sooner I would of came after you”. How can I be mad at this wonderful man? I can't that's the answer. I reach for his hand “You're here now”. That's what matters. He brings my hand towards his mouth and plants a small kiss “Yeah I am”. My stomach picks this moment to let every one know how hungry I am. “Now let's order” I say ready to order everything on the menu. 
     “So your father is El Rey?” he ask as we wait for our food. Well he got right to the point wasting no time. “Yes my real name is Jane Santana,” I take a sip of my soda hoping that some how it will turn into wine. 
     “So you're a cop?” I hit him with that question. If he isn't wasting no time neither am I. He nods his head “I'm a Lieutenant in the N.Y.P.D,” he sips on his soda. He is a Lieutenant? Oh god I thought him being a cop was bad. How didn't I know? “I had no idea who you were until a few days ago” he adds. I don't know if I should believe him. How can I believe him? 
     “You're going to tell me that you didn't look me up in the system?” I ask finding it hard to believe that. He chuckles “Of course I did have you met me? But I search for Jane Carter and some how a file came up with your picture”. What? A file came up? How? Does my father have some one working inside? I wouldn't be surprise if he did. 
     “That's strange” I frown. “Yeah,” he agrees “I haven't put to much mind into it until now”. I can see his brain working over time trying to make the puzzles fit. I wish him good luck because I been trying to put them together and so far I have nothing.
     I fold my napkin for the 20th time “Why didn't you tell me?”. I need to know why he never told me he was a cop. If he didn't know who I was than why keep that a secret from me? That is messing with my head. 
     “Well at first because I didn't trust you I mean it wasn't like we were friends,” he has a point we weren't friends we actually hated each other “and then I wanted to keep you safe I knew there was something going on with you and I knew you wasn't going to trust me if I told you I was a cop”. That's also true if I would of known he was a cop I would of packed my things up and run. 
     “Why didn't you trust me?” he ask with the same hurt expression as I did. “I did, I mean I do trust you,” I correct myself before going on “I knew it was only a matter of time before my father send someone looking for me all I wanted to do was enjoy the time I had. I never once though I was going to fall in love but then you came around and turn my life upside down with those green eyes. No matter how hard I tried hating you I couldn't”. I stare him straight in the eyes so he can see that I'm not lying “I was so close to telling you so many times but I wanted to keep you and Sophia safe from the hell I live”. Tears start to build up in my eyes and it's getting harder for me to speak. He shakes his head and I stop him from speaking “I totally understand if this is to much for you” I add. Why would he want to be with some one like me when he can have a normal girl who has a normal dad not a drug lord. It would kill me all over again to have him walk away from me but at least I know he is alive. I love him so much that I'm willing to let him go. I can live with that. 
     “Are you kidding me?” he ask with a raised eyebrow “I didn't travel all around the world to get dump by my girlfriend”. Dump? Holly shit I didn't even know we where still dating. “I came here to take my girlfriend back home” he adds and my heart skips a beat. He said girlfriend again. “Really even after everything?” I ask a little surprise. Who in their right mind will want to date some one like me? I feel bad for not telling him about my father but I can't. “Hell yeah,” he reaches for my hand “nothing has change I still love you”.
                            Chapter 11 Gabe
     “I love you too,” Jane says a little chocked up. I took her by surprise when I called her my girlfriend. She looks amazing with that dress on. All I can think about while having dinner is if she is wearing a bra. “No I'm not wearing a bra” she says as she caught me staring at her nipples again. “I can see that” I lick my lips. The sight of my tongue makes her nipples go hard. Mmm my Muffin is turned on. I'm so close to bending her over this table and having my way with her I don't care who is watching. “It's not going to be easy you know?” she says snapping me out of my nasty thoughts. I know it isn't going to be easy nothing worth having is easy to get. I break the staring contest I'm having with her breast to look up at her face “We'll find a way”. Now that I've found her there is no way I'm letting her go. I know how empty my life is with out her and I refuse to live like that if you can call that living. “Can I ask you a question?” she bites down on her bottom lip. It's taking everything in me not to fly over this table and kiss her. “Anything” I shift in my seat trying to hide my hard one.
     “How did you know I was here?”. Anything but that. Should I lie to her or should I tell her the truth? No, no more lying from this point on. I run my hand through my hair “Your bracelet has a chip in it” I say before I regret. She looses all color from her face “What?”. I have a few seconds to explain before her shock turns into anger. 
     “After you got chase I was so fucking scare all I could think about was what if you would of gotten kidnap how was I going to find you? And I knew there was something going on but you didn't want to tell me. So I thought it would be a good idea if I had a way to find you just in case something like this happen again”. Logan was right I do sound like a fucking stalker. She must be so pissed off right now. 
     “Oh god so the feds know my location?” she ask nervously. I take a moment to study her body language. She is looking everywhere but at me and she is playing with her bracelet. “No only Logan and I know”. Why is she nervous? Doesn't she want to be found? “Logan?” she arched her eyebrow. “He insist in coming” I smile. She shakes her head as she smiles “You guys are crazy”. I need to know where's Mark and why is she here? Who is behind all of this? Who were does men she was with last night? “My turn to get some answers” I say. She nods her head as she leans into the chair. “I know Mark kidnapped you but I want to know why and if you are 'kidnapped' than how come you are allow out when ever you want?” it doesn't make sense. This isn't your normal kidnapping situation I should know I've seen a few cases in my job. 
     She sucks on her lower lip lost in her own thoughts. “Mark kidnapped me but not the way you think”. What the hell does that mean? Either you're kidnapped or you not there isn't a in between. She leaned into her elbows as if what she is going to tell me it's only for my ears to hear “When I moved to New York my father hire Mark to keep an eye on me but I didn't know about that” she plays with her bracelet “when Mark informed my dad about the man who chased me my dad order him to bring me back home”. That son of a bitch! There was always something about him I never liked he always seemed sort of fishy to me. 
     “But your father got capture,” I said as a statement not a question. If her father isn't the one behind this that who is? I still don't understand. “Yes he got capture but he left my uncle in charge of me” she says. Not only did El Rey have a daughter he has a brother also. How the hell we don't know anything about this man but his name? “So those two men were your uncles?” I ask just to be clear. I can understand her uncle stepping up for her father. I wonder if he stepped up on the family business? 
     “Uh huh” she takes a sip of her soda. Uh huh? Now why do I feel like there is something else she isn't telling me? “Uh huh” I mimic her “just to be clear I had nothing to do with your father getting capture”. I don't need her to think that I had some thing to do with that. “I know” she whispers. I know this isn't the time to ask her this questions but I have to ask. “Are you coming back with me?”. She rubs her temples trying to calm herself down “It isn't that simple”. I nod my head out of frustration. I feel like she just ripped out my heart and stomp all over it. I was so sure she was going to come back home with me that I never once stopped to think other wise. The waiter comes back with our check and I reach for my wallet to pay for it before she even thinks of doing it herself. That would be the cherry on the fucking cake. 
     I throw the cash down on the table and walked away leaving her behind. “Say something” she says as we walk out the restaurant. I don't know what to say and I don't want to say something I'll regret later. “What do you want me to say?” I ask in my cold cop voice. The only time I've used this voice with her is when we first met. “Is not like I don't want to go back with you,” she comes around from me and stops in front of me. I turn my head to the side to stare at the fishes instead of her. “It's complicated” she says under her breath. What's complicated it's a yes or no fucking question. Yes Gabe I want to come with you or no Gabe I don't. See simple. 
     “Why” I turn to face her. Her eyes start to get watery and she throws her head back trying to keep them away. I feel like a dick for putting those tears in her eyes in the first place. “He isn't going to let me go” she finally says. I wrap my arms around her waist to give her some comfort “Who baby?”. She rest her head on my chest and smells me in I love when she does that “My uncle”. I kiss the top of her head “We'll find a way Muffin I promise”. If she is on board with leaving with me there is no one that is going to stop that from happening. I'll find a way, one way or another. She lifts her head off my chest “Okay”. I wipe her tears with my thumb and dip my head to give her a kiss. Her lips taste like the strawberry short cake she just ate, my favorite. 
     “Ewk,” a little 5 year old girl points at us while she gags “he got cooties”. Her moms pulls her away as she says something to her. Jane pulls away from me with a frown.  “What's wrong?” I ask worry did I said or did something wrong? “You got cooties” she turns and runs away from me. I love seeing her smiling and laughing like she has no care in the world. “To late you have them too” I yell as I run after her. It doesn't take me long to catch up to her. I wrap my arms around her waist and swing her around in the air. “I'm wearing a dress!” she giggles. I tug on her dress to cover her ass from any pepping Tom lurking around. “I should of worn some underwear” she says as I put her down. My heart drops as I pin her to my body “You're not wearing underwear?” my voice comes out thick with lust. If the answer is no I'm taking her to the darkest spot I can find to fuck her brains out. She runs her finger up my chest so slowly “Mmm,” she leans on her toes and brushes her soft lips against mine. Fuck I'm so fucking hard right now. “Of course I am what kind of girl do you think I am officer?” she smirks. Hearing her calling me officer is a turn on. I run my hand down her back until I cup her ass “A naughty one”. She slides my hand back up to her waist “Behave we are in public”. I cup the back of her neck “I forgot”. I take her lips as she wraps her arms around my waist. Why did I ask for a public place? “Let's go explore” she say as we catch our breath. 
     As we walk around I catch her up on how Sophia and Liam are doing. I informed her about everything that has been going on with my job. “To bad I sort of liked Jake,” she says. I tuck a strand of hair that escape her braid behind her ear “Yeah I know”. I lean in to kiss her I can't get enough of her lips. Just when I'm about to wrap my arm around her waist my phone rings inside of my pocket making me pull away. “Hello?” I answer annoyed with out looking at the screen. I don't care who it is I'm going to hang up on them anyways. Jane sticks out her tongue at me as she mocks me. “Gabbie” Sophia voice comes through the other line. Of course it had to be her she calls me like 10 times a day. “Hold on,” I cover the phone with my hand “it's for you” I pass it to Jane. I already know what she is going to ask. Jane stares at me with a raised eyebrow as she takes the phone “Hello?”. I have no idea what Sophia said to her but what ever it was made Jane smile from ear to ear “Sofy!”. 
     I'm so happy they get along Sophia has never liked any girls I've messed around with, now that I think about she never liked any of Logan's girls either. She would always find something wrong with them. “Yeah I'm good I herd about Jake I'm sorry it didn't work out” she says. There is no way they're getting into this conversation right now. I only have a few hours with her and if they get started with that they'll never end. I extend my hand for the phone “Hold on Sofy I think Gabe wants to ask you something” she hands me the phone. 
     “Soso we don't have all day to talk about that so save it for when we get back”. Jane places her hand on her hip as she rolls her eyes. Even when she is pissed she looks adorable. “Fine” Sophia says annoyed. “Okay bye we love you” I say before she wants to talk to Jane again. “Yeah yeah yeah” she hangs up. “That was rude” Jane scowls as I put my phone away in my pocket. “I don't know how much longer I have you for and I'm not going to share you with Sophia who can talk your ear off”. I wrap my arms around her shoulder tucking her under my armpit where she is suppose to be. “Okay, let's go” she pulls me to keep exploring.
     I don't know how long we've been here but we have seen every kind of fish known to men we even got to see the dolphins. Jane was so excited to see them that her smile lights the whole place up. I couldn't help but to take pictures of her smiling and laughing. She told me she isn't allow to have a phone or money. Which I think is ridiculous what if some thing was to happen to her how would she get in contact with some one? “I don't want to go back home” she runs her hand through my hair. I was thinking of cutting it off but I love it when she plays with it. “I hate saying bye to you” I play with her braid. I would rather take her back with me to the hotel and kick Logan out. I lift her up making sure to cover her ass and start kissing her. “Put. Me. Down” she says in between kisses as she kicks her little legs in the air. “Sorry I forget” I tap her lips as I put her feet back on the floor. “I know the feeling” she smiles up at me. I been so hard all day. All I've been thinking about is being inside of her. How tight and warm she feels. 
     “Oh shit,” Jane's eyes pop out as she looks behind me “what the fuck is he doing here?”. I turn my head around and see Mark. Any happy thoughts I was having vanish from my head. I unwrap my arm from around Jane's waist and push her behind me to hide her from his view. My hands turn into fist at my side I'm going to kill that bastard this is what I've been waiting for. “No,” Jane pulls me from my shirt as I take the first step towards him “Please go”. What? Is she crazy? She wants me to leave?  “Are you fucking kidding me?” I growl. What the hell is wrong with her? There is no way I am leaving her alone with this asshole. “I got this plus I don't want him to know you're alive” she pleads. I don't care if he knows I'm alive I actually want him to see me still standing and with Jane. I stare Jane right in the eye and I see how worry she is for my safety but I also see how pissed off she is. I know how mad she can get and I'm not going to risk her safety over mine. “I'm not leaving” I cross my arms making my point. If we got caught than I need to protect her I'm not hiding like a little bitch. 
     She pulls me to the side into a small hallway “Okay but stay here”. She tries walking away but I grab her hand “Jane”. I don't like the idea of watching her leave with him again. “Please baby” she whispers desperately. Even if it kills me I have no other option but to let her go. I don't want to put her in any danger because I'm being selfish. I pull her in for a quick kiss. “I see you soon” I say into her lips. “Okay” she pulls away. I am so pissed off that she ask me to hide. I'm not afraid of that asshole and she shouldn't be either. I watch as she slowly walks over to a tank and pretends to study the fishes. 
     In a matter of seconds Mark pulls up right besides her. “What the fuck are you doing here?” she says pissed off. I'm so close to them that I can hear their conversation. I don't know if this is a good thing. I don't know if I'm going to be able to control myself if he says something to her I don't like. “They send me to come pick you up” he calmly answers. “I drove here” Jane crosses her arms in front of her chest as she faces him. “Really?” Mark turns to face her with a nasty smirk that I would love to punch “Where is Sammy?”. Fuck he knows Sam isn't here. “What?” it takes her a few seconds to regain her composure. I know she is nervous because she is playing with her bracelet. “Where is Sammy?” he steps closer to her. He is only just inches away from her face. The cave man inside of me is ready to come out. Jane pushes him off, the fact that her hands were on his chest turns on a fire inside of me “Personal space Google it” she snaps.
     The asshole has the balls to smile like if Jane just said something funny “You can have all my personal space”. That's it I'm going to kill him. I walk down the hall way ready to throw myself at this asshole when some one pushes me right back inside the hallway “What the fuck?” I growl as I try to fight them off. “Shut the fuck up you dick” Logan says as he pins me to the wall by my shirt. Where the fuck did he come from? “Get the fuck off me” I slap his hands off my shirt. I'm so pissed off right now that I might just fight him for stopping me from killing that dick face over there. “Don't do nothing stupid” he hissed as he let's go of me. “That fucker is to close to my girl” I say through clench teeth. I hate seeing him so close to her. I hate knowing that he can smell her coconut body wash or that he is so close to her that he can see the little wrinkles on her nose when she is mad.
     “Fuck off Mark,” Jane catches my attention again “I don't want to breath the same air as you what makes you think I would want your personal space? Now move before you regret it”.  Mark throws his hands in the air as he slowly backs away from her. “She got this” Logan smirks at what just happen. I know Jane can defend her self but I want to be the one to take care of him. “Answer my question where is Sammy?” he ask again. Jane shifts to one leg as she cross her arms around her chest again “I don't have to answer anything especially to you” she stalls. Fuck what is she going to come up with? I pretty sure that Sammy isn't even in the same building as we are. Jane looks so fucking hot when she is all worked up. Am I seriously thinking about that right now?
    Mark runs his hands threw his nasty hair out of frustration. I don't like the way he is looking at her. I need to be by her side just in case he thinks of putting his hands on her. I try pushing Logan out my way but he doesn't budge. “Get the fuck out of my way I don't want to damage that pretty face of yours” I warn him. I don't want to but I would do it to get to my girl. The corner of his mouth lifts up “Now that wouldn't be nice”. All right he ask for it. 
     “Prima,” I hear Sammy's voice as I'm getting ready to punch Logan “that bathroom line was no joke”. Jane looks at her in confusion but she quickly recovers “He was asking for you” Jane says with relief. Where the hell did she come from? Was she here all along? I don't know and I don't care I'm just glad she is here. “Talk about good timing” I say more to myself than to any one else. “Damn she drives fast” Logan says with a smile. Why is he smiling and what the hell is he talking about? “What?” I turn to ask him. “I send her a message like 5 minutes ago” he leans into the wall acting all calm. Once again I am thankful he tagged along. “You? How?” I ask surprised. He didn't even know where I was going to be. He looks at his nails and than rubs them on his shirt causing me to chuckle “Let's just say I know people”. He such a conceited asshole. “Thanks” I slap him on his back. Jane looks over my way and winks letting me know everything is okay. “Damn I think she likes me” Logan jokes. “Pretty face dude pretty face” I remind him of my threat earlier. “Fine I leave but ya have to go home” Mark points at both of them. “Yeah yeah yeah” Sammy interlocks her arm with Jane. Jane gives me one last smile as she walks away.
                                Chapter 12 Jane
     “Wow that was a close one” Sammy says once we are in the car. My heart is still racing a hundred miles per second that was to close for my liking. “Hell yeah it was” I admit out loud. Now that I think about it where the hell did she come from? I turn to face her “Wait, how did you know to come?”. Was she spying on me? No she wouldn't do that plus I saw her leave in the car. “You send me a text” she says in a matter of fact voice. “I did?” I ask confuse. I don't even have a phone and she knows that. She takes out her phone and shows me the text “See come to the aquarium now!” she reads out loud for me to hear her. I didn't send that message and I know that Gabe didn't send it either because he was with me the whole time. So who the hell send it? The horn of the car behind us scares me right out of my thoughts. “Fuck you!,” Sam yells out the window as she flicks them off “Where did you get the phone?” she ask when she gets back in the car. I shrug my shoulders “I ask the first person that pass by” I drive off hoping to end this conversation. 
     That's the best I can come up with. “What about mystery man?” she frowns. FUCK! I should of said his phone. Why didn't I think about that? Now I have to come up with another lie. For some one who hates lying I sure have become good with them. “He didn't show up” I lie. I reach for the radio to turn up the radio. I need to end this conversation before I keep adding more lies. 
     “What?” she slaps my hand away from the radio. She crosses her arms across her chest “How dare he not show up? What a fucking asshole”. I hate lying to her but if I tell her the truth she is going to ask so many questions. I don't feel like answering all her questions right now. I'm to pissed to talk. I know for a fact that Sammy didn't tell Raul where we were going so that only leaves one person. My father. How dare he send Mark. Out of every one in that fucking house he sends him knowing damn well I despise him. Why even send some one in the first place? I made it very clearly to him that I didn't want anyone to follow me. 
     “I'm sorry Jane” she sounds upset for me. “It's okay Sam maybe he had an emergency it's not like he could call me” I say. I don't want her thinking bad about Gabe. Eventually they are going to meet each other and I don't want no bad blood between them. I'm so pissed off that it took me exactly 10 minutes to get to my house. Which would normally take me 20 minutes. I pull up to my house and find Mark's car already parked in front. I don't know how it's possible but I'm even more pissed off than before. I wish I was driving a regular car so I can slam the door. “Jane wait” Sam calls after me as I get off the car. I slam the house door open and walk straight to my dad's office he should be in here. 
     “This is a disaster waiting to happen” I hear my uncle say as I storm in. If I could be any super hero right now I would be Storm so I can have a fucking hurricane in this damn office right now with lighting in the back ground for special effects.  They both turn to face me as I enter the room “Excuses me I taught you to knock before entering a room” my father says from his chair, his voice fill with anger. He has a drink in front of him and a lit cigar in his hand. Every one knows that he only smokes cigars when there is something that he is stressing about. Well guess what I don't give a rats ass if he is stress right now. 
     “Did you send Mark to spy on me?” I cross my arms across my chest and get straight to the point. I don't care if he is mad because I didn't knock we have other things to be mad about. He runs his hand down his face out of frustration “What are you talking about?”. Oh hell no he isn't playing dumb with me. I lean into the desk in my palms to have a better view of him “Don't act like you don't know what I am talking about” I stare into his light brown eyes. He pushes back his char and stands to lean into the table to look me straight in the eyes. The little girl inside of me wants to crawl into a ball and roll away but I'm to mad to pay attention to her. “Don't talk to me like that Jane, like it or not I am still your father”. We are so close that I can see his nostril flare with anger. I can just see my nose doing the same as his. Never in all my life have I ever spoke to him like the way I just did. I hate fighting with him. That is one of the reasons why I stay inside my room to avoid this kind of situations. 
     My uncle, who I completely forgot was even in the room, clears his throat “I called him”. I want to turn around and see him but I don't want to break eye contact with my dad, who by the way is really pissed off right now. “Why?” I ask with out looking away. “Because no one told me you girls where going out and I panic when I couldn't find Sammy” he calmly states. I don't know if I should believe him or if he is just covering for my dad but yet again why would my dad care if I knew he send Mark? “Enough you two act like you're enemies instead of family” my uncle puts a hand between us to separate us. My dad pulls back and takes his seat with out looking away. I feel like the biggest bitch right now. I just blew up on my father for no damn reason but I'm to prideful to admit I was wrong. I shake my head at my uncle “I don't know if you knew this but I dislike Mark,” I break eye contact with my dad and look over to my uncle “matter of fact I hate him so if you don't want to have his blood on your hands keep him far away from me”. I know that they both know I would never kill anyone but they get the point. My father chuckles but I'm to embarrassed to look at him right now. “Far far away from you sorry I didn't know” my uncle repeats. I nod my head and walk away before my father calls me out on my mistake. 
     “And Princess,” my father calls and I freeze on the spot. Damn  I thought I was going to make it out with out making an ass out of myself again. Oh well I guess I have to be woman enough and own up to my mistake. “Next time knock before walking in” he adds. Is he serious right now? Any thought of asking him for forgiveness leaves my mind. I roll my eyes and continue to walk away “Knock my ass” I mumble under my breath to myself. I hear my uncle chuckle behind me “Just like you”. 
     I change into my pajamas and climb into bed it's been a long day all I need right now is the comfort of my bed. I miss Gabe I know I was with him all day but I still miss him. I wish I had a phone to at least text him but there is no way my father will give me a phone and Sammy is to noisy to use hers. She would probably read all my conversation. Sammy walks in with a bowl of popcorn “I was thinking we can have a sleep over and watch if Mr. Big stops acting like a big dick”. What have a done? I created a monster I should of never introduce Sam to Sex in the city. I slide over to make room for Sam because who am I kidding I love sex in the city as much as the next girl. “I'm sorry to inform you that Mr. Big is a big asshole”. 
      *****************************************
     It has been two weeks since the last time I saw Gabe and it's driving me crazy. Every time I make plans with Sammy Raul happens to pop up out of no where and invite her out. For example just a few minutes ago Sam and I were going to the movies and Raul invited himself. Sammy being Sammy couldn't say no so I fake a stomach ache. “That's weird you were fine just a few minutes ago” Sammy eyes me up and down not believing me at all. I rub my stomach “Must been something I seen I mean ate” I say in disgust as I watch Raul. “Ready baby” he wraps his arms around her waist. “Yeah Jane isn't coming she feels sick” she informs him. Raul's nasty eyes start searching my body “That's a shame” he says slowly. I don't have to pretend to be sick anymore. I really do feel sick having his eyes on me like if I was the last piece of pizza in the world . “Let's get moving the movie starts in 20 minutes” Mark walks in clapping his hands. I have to fight the urge to laugh even tho no one told me he was going deep down I knew it. Raul loves making my life a living hell he would use any opportunity to shove Mark in my face, it's funny what rejection can do to a person. “It seems like Jane isn't feeling well” Raul informs Mark. Mark turns to face me with a worry expression “What's wrong? I can go buy you some medicine”. I roll my eyes at him? “Have fun and don't tell me the ending when you come home” I say to Sam ignoring Mark's questions. I give her a hug and I turn around not looking at them again even tho I can feel both of their eyes on me. 
     Once I was in my room I change into my booty shorts and black tank top. I turn on the TV and searched for a movie. I decided to watch Divergent there is nothing wrong with a little Four in your life. That man is the sexiest thing on the planet earth okay maybe not the sexiest but that man is hot. Half way through the movie my stomach growls. I've been in my room all day avoiding my dad. We haven't talked since the argument that we had the other day. I pause the movie and make my way to the kitchen. 
     That's weird the house is empty usually there is always some one here I wonder where everyone is? As I walk to the kitchen a knock on the door stops me half way. That's strange no one ever knocks they just come in and we don't have visitors either. “I got it” I yell and than realized I'm talking to no one. I open the door and find Manic with a pizza delivery man, who's head is bow down. “Did you order pizza?” he ask. Just when I'm about to answer the delivery man lifts his head and I swear I almost died of laughter. Logan is staring at me with a fake blond mustache. He looks like a young Ron Burgundy you know from the movie Anchorman. “So did you?” he ask impatiently. Even tho I want to laugh my ass off right now I can't so I put on the straightest face I can conjure up “Yes I did,” I open the door a little more “come on in I need to get the money”. Logan walks in and I close the door keeping Manic out. As soon as I close the door I bust out laughing “Oh my god!” I cried.
      “I know I look incredible hot with this mustache” he smirks as he moves is lips side to side causing the fake mustache to dance on his face. “Oh you look incredible alright incredibly ridiculous” I wipe away my tears. I take the time to recover myself and then ask “What are you doing here?”.
     “He who should not be name wanted to make sure you were okay he wanted to come himself but I thought it was safer if I came instead” he says. He who shouldn't be name? I got to love the Harry Potter reference. I gasp as I place my hand over my heart “Lord Voldemort is worry about me?”. I have to admit I'm a Harry Potter fan, wait let me correct myself, I'm a movie fan have you seen those books? They look like dictionaries! “Aha I knew you were a nerd” he jokes. I give him a small push “Shut up”. Even tho we haven't known each other very long we get along pretty well. “What's that?” I ask, there is a vibrating sound but I don't know where it's coming from. “Fuck,” Logan opens the pizza box “here it's for you” he hands me a phone. “Hello?” I answer already knowing who it was. “Finally, Hi Muffin” just hearing his voice makes my skin crawl in a good way. “Hey there handsome” I smile. “Are you okay? I miss you” he says. 
    “Yeah and I miss you too” I answer. “So do I get a tip or are you going to pay me with sex like the movies I watch?” Logan ask a little to loud. “I'll kill him” Gabe growls through the phone. “You watch to much porn movies” I roll my eyes at him. I swear Logan loves making Gabe mad especially when it comes down to me. “Well you did open the door with nothing on but a towel” he leans to say into the phone. I hear Gabe gasp and I know he is trying to control his anger. I know I shouldn't push him but I can't help myself. “Fuck,” I scowl as Logan stares at me confuse. “What happen?” Gabe quickly ask. “My towel drop” I cover my mouth to hide my laugh. The phone goes dead maybe I took it to far. Logan barks “Oh we are so fucked”. Before I can even say anything his phone rings he looks down and smirks. “Hello?” he mouths Gabe's name “relax bro we were just fucking with you”. I feel bad I think we took it to far. “Here,” he hands me the phone while he shakes his head. 
     “I was just kidding” I quickly say. “Well that wasn't funny and you will pay for that” he hangs up on me for the second time. Who the hell does he think he is? Next time we talk I'll make sure to hang up on him first. I hand Logan back both phones because right now I don't want to talk to Gabe. “That one stays with you” he says taking only his phone. “Fine,” I pout as I cross my arms. “He has a reason to be mad we  did take it to far,” Logan fixes his mustache before stepping out. He is right we did take to far. I wounder how is he going to make me pay for it?
                               Chapter 13 Jane
     Once Logan left I went back upstairs to put on some music and run a bath. I close my eyes and enjoy some Taylor Swifts while relaxing with bubbles all around me. Once the water turned cold and my fingers resembles fingers of an 80 year old I hopped out. I wrap a towel around me and walk over to the mirror. It seems like every time I look at my reflection some one new is staring back at me. I am starting to look more and more like my old self don't get me wrong I still have dark circles under my eyes but thankfully the nightmares are gone. Hopefully I can catch up on some sleep and recover. My eyes are starting to get there shine again thanks to Gabe. I've always wonder where I got my eye colors from it sure wasn't from my dad. Maybe I got them from my mom who knows I've never seen a photo of her. I wonder if the detective found anything on her with the little information I gave him. 
     As I brush my teeth I hear some movement in my room which is weird because every one knows not to come into my room and beside I swear I locked my door. I turn off the water and slowly walk towards my room. I have butterflies in my stomach as my palms start to sweat. I feel like I'm in a horror movie. I'm that girl that every one yells not to go into the room where the killer is in. I take in a deep breath and open the door. I look around the room and everything is exactly how I left it maybe I am just paranoid. I walk over to the stereo to turn it off the and let go of the breath I was holding in. 
     You know that feeling you get when some one is staring at you? Well that's how I feel right now. I clench my hand in a fist and take in a big breath with out even thinking about it to much I spin around with my fist in the air. Some one grabs my arm and spins me around so my back is facing their front. Before I can even yell he covers my mouth with his ruff hand. With my free hand I hold my towel as tight as I can. I should of wore my fucking robe. 
     “Still in the towel I see” Gabe whisper into my ear with his hoarse voice. My body instantly relax into his when I realize it's him but then I feel anger building up inside of me. He scared the shit out of me plus I'm still mad about earlier. “Mmm coco” he says as he runs his his nose up and down my neck smelling me. My body betrays me and I turn my head to the side to give him better access. He drops his hands from my mouth and wraps it below my breast. “Gabe” my voice comes out needy and I hate it. “Muffin” he gives me small kisses from my shoulder to my earlobe. His lips feel so wonderful on my skin that I can die and go to heaven right now. Who can think like this? My nipples are hard and the roughness of the towel rubbing against them isn't helping my case. “Drop the towel” he commands in a husky deep voice. With out even thinking about it I instantly drop my hand bring the towel with me. The fresh air hits my damp skin causing goosebumps to break every where. He cups my left breast with his ruff hand “So is this how you open the door earlier?”. I want to be pissed off at him for even thinking that I would open the door like this but my mind is some where else right now. “Maybe” I answer breathless. That's the best I can come up his fingers playing with my nipple is distracting me. 
     He turns me around and pins me to his body “This is a very dangerous game you're playing”. His eyes are so intense that they can burn a hole through me. I try wrapping my arms around his neck but he won't let me move. I throw my head back to get a better view of him “You know I was kidding right?”. This is ridiculous if he is going to be mad over a prank than he can go back from where he came from. I should of kept the damn towel on. Damn my body!
     “I didn't find it funny” he gives me an evil smirk. He leans in and brushes his lips against mine. I seal my lips trying my best not to kiss him back. This is not over. He chuckles as he sucks on my bottom lip and that is all I need to give in. He lifts me up and I wrap my arms and legs around him. I feel his cock through his jeans and I start to rub myself on him. I need some relief. If he doesn't give it to me than I will. He lays me on the bed and I reach for his shirt but he grabs my hands and pins them above my head “Not yet”. What the hell is he waiting for? “I want you naked” I growl as I rock myself into him. “Wait” he starts kissing me slowly down my neck. He is torturing me with how slow he is going. I need to touch him but he won't let go of my damn arms. He kisses me all the way down to my breast where he rubs his nose around my hard nipple. Oh god I need him to touch me I can't fucking take it no more, my sex is calling out for some attention. He flicks my nipple with his tongue and I swear I lose it. I throw my head back into the bed and arch my body towards him.  He sucks on my breast and right before I reach my limit he bites down causing me to bust. 
     “Oh fuck!” I cried. He let's go of my hands and I wrap a arm around his neck to pull him in for a kiss. I dip my other hand inside his boxer to find his hard cock ready to play. I wrap my hand around it and start stroking it. Our kiss gets deeper with every stroke. He pulls back to take off his pants but instead of climbing back into the bed he drags me to the edge of the bed. My body is so excited for what's coming next. 
     He tucks a pillow under my head “Don't move” he warns. He drops to his knees as he spreads my legs open. Oh god I don't think I am ready for this. “Umm Gabe I don't-” he looks up at me and his stare takes my breath away. “Ever since I laid eyes on your muffin all I can think about was doing this” he licks his lips. Oh dear god! He gently opens my folds and even tho I'm embarrass I have to admit I've never been this turned on in my life. “Oh fuck so fucking beautiful” he mumbles. He brush his lips over my slit with out adding any pressure and I swear I'm already over the edge. “Gabe,” I cry. He is driving me fucking crazy! “I know baby I know” he hums as he rubs the tip of his nose against me. He is torturing me! I want to kick him in his big stupid face. Just when I'm ready to kick him he sticks his tongue inside me and that's my undoing. I throw my head back and let out a long moan of pleasure as I grab on my sheets. Why the hell was I so against this? He spreads my legs wider “Stay like this Muffin” he says. I don't even want to talk right now. I want him back down there so I just nod. He wraps his strong arms around my thighs and lift me off the bed. I'm so expose that I think he can see all my organs but I don't give a shit. He licks me from my center all the way to my clit. Oh god I think I'm going to pee on myself. He licks me like you would lick a ice cream cone that is melting on a sunny day. 
     “Oh god” I cry as my pelvis rotates towards him. I don't even have control of my body right now. I can't take it no more but I need more. He sucks on my little bundle as I grab a hand full of his shirt. I don't know if I want him to stop or to keep going. I'm so glad that he has a hold of me because if he didn't I would be crawling away right now. “Fuck! Don't stop!” I feel some thing building up inside of me. He sucks harder and I feel my body give up on me. I throw my head back as I ride his face. Gabe sucks one last time and takes me overboard “Oh my god!” I cry. There is a overwhelming feelings of tingles all over my body  as my vision goes blurry. I feel a instant lightness as my body goes limp. Gabe's mouth stays on me until I ride the last wave of my orgasm. “So fucking good” he gives me one last kiss causing me to shiver. “Shirt off” I need to feel his skin against mine. In one quick movement he stripes out of his cloths. I slide up the bed as he climbs over me. 
     With out saying a word I pull him down for a much needed kiss. I can taste myself on his lips and to be honest I like how I taste. I feel his cock poking my center and with out thinking to much I slide him inside of me. He starts to rock into me as I run my hands down his back. “Fuck Jane” he growls as I suck on his neck. He pulls out and flips me over “On your knees”. We've never had sex in this position but I'm all for it. “Yell into the pillow” he says before I can agree he slams inside of me in one thrust. I drop my head into the pillow and cried. Oh god it feels so good. He feels bigger and the feeling is more intense. He pulls back only to slam back inside, next thing I know I feel his hand come down on my ass “Mine”. I don't know if I should smack him back or ask him to smack me again.  
     “Jane,” Sam knocks on the door. Fuck! Really? I try pulling away but Gabe pins me to him. “Fuck Gabe it's Sam” I whisper out of breath. He thrust back inside of me and I bite down on my lip trying to keep my moan in. “Then you have to be extra quite don't you?” he whispers mocking me. “No I can't” I try moving again but Gabe just slams into me harder. Fuck a small moan escapes from my mouth. I don't think I can stay quite especially with the way he is pushing himself inside of me. It feels so fucking good. 
    “Jane are you up?” Sam knocks again. Gabe pulls me by my hair until I'm facing him. What's wrong with him today it's like he got posses by some wild sex god and I'm loving every minute of it. The fact that we are so close to getting caught makes everything so much better. Gabe covers my mouth with his as he pounds into me harder than before. I moan into his mouth as he rubs my clit with his finger and before I know it I'm coming all over again.  Gabe thrust inside of me one last time and falls on top of me. “That was amazing” he kiss my shoulder. I have to admit it was amazing. He rolls off me and walks to the bathroom. I have no more energy left inside of me to even roll over. 
     “Turn around” he says as he comes back from the bathroom. “I can't I'm dead” I say meaning it. My body feels to heavy to even lift one finger all I want is to sleep. He chuckles from beside the bed “Okay baby” he spreads my legs. Is he serious going for a second round? I feel a warm towel on my sensitive skin and I moan out of pleasure. Thank god he is just cleaning me I don't think I can survive a round two right now. He climbs into bed and rolls me towards his chest “Tired?” he kiss my forehead. “More like exhausted” I correct him. “I hope you learn your lesson” he strokes my arm. “Yea if I want ruff sex I should receive all delivery men in a towel” I joke as my eyes close. 
     “Jane” he growls. I press my face into his chest “I'm kidding Ape but I did like it ruff”. He grabs my leg and cross it around his stomach “Note it now get some sleep”. I want to ask him how he sneak in and how he is going to sneak back out but my eyes feel to heavy. I'm so glad to be sleeping in his arms again I don't want him to ever leave. “Good night Muffin” that's the last thing I hear before sleep takes over.
        *************************************
     “Butterfly,” Nina says as she shakes me. Why is she in my room? What time is it anyways? “Mmm” I open one eyes to see her standing in front of me “what's wrong?”. My body feels so sore I don't even want to move right now. She looks at me and than her eyes move behind me. What the hell is wrong with her she looks like she has seen a ghost. I unwrap my arm from my blanket and touch behind me. Oh fuck! My eyes feel like they are going to pop out of my head I know whats wrong. “Fuck” I wrap my sheets around my body as I turn around. Gabe is still in bed and he is naked! He has one arm over his eyes and the other one on his chest. Thank god the sheets are covering his manhood. He look so good I can just lick him all over. Snap out of it! Shit! He fucking fall asleep. This is not good not good at all. How the hell am I going to get him out of here with out no one seeing him?  
     “Fuck” I run my hand through my hair which must look like a bird nest. “It's okay I am the only one up it's still early” Nina says. I look over to the clock and it's only 5:05 am. “Wake him up and we sneak him out before anyone sees him” she says as she walks out. I nod my head and smile at her. “Gabe wake up” I shake him around but he doesn't move. I climb on top of him and shake his shoulders “Babe wake up”. He opens his eyes and wraps me into a hug “Good morning Muffin” he says in his morning voice. “Wait a minute” he looks around my room “this isn't my hotel room”. I shake my head “Nope you're in my room”. He shrugs his shoulders like if it didn't matter “Let's go back to sleep or we can do something else” he push his hard cock towards me. The fact that he is always ready to go is crazy to me but doing something else sounds good right now. No, I can't there is no time for that. “No you have to go before we get caught” I kiss his tattoo that I've missed. “Are you sure?” he pushes me down into his cock. What the hell why not? We're already naked all I have to do is slide him inside of me. No! Jane bad girl. I roll off him before I ride him like a maniac “Change now”. I reach for my robe and go brush my teeth. I need to put space between us or I'll tie him down to my bed and keep him like a sex slave. 
     “Do you have an extra one?” he ask as he joins me in the bathroom. Luckily for him I always have extra toothbrushes around. I change my toothbrushes every 3 months. I smile as I watch him brush his teeth how can he make something so simple look so sexy? “You're weird” he laughs as he catch me watching him through the mirror. “Tell me about it” I blush as I walk away. “I love that you're weird” he wraps his arm around me. He dips his head and gives me my good morning kiss that makes my toes curl and my muffin wet. I pull back “Let's go lover boy”. If we stay in here much longer we are going to end up on the floor naked. 
     I walk towards the kitchen with him behind me “Is that for me?” I ask Nina who is cutting fresh fruits. “Always” she smiles. I'm so embarrassed that she caught us naked in bed but she seen us already so there is nothing I can do. “This is,” I turn to Gabe not knowing what name to use. Damn we should of talked about that while we were upstairs. “Cesar,” Gabe extends his hand and winks at me. I have to stop myself from laughing. That's what I called him the first time we met. “I'm Nina” she smiles at him. 
    I must look like a big slut to Nina. I didn't even know his damn name. “Nice to meet you” Gabe kisses the back of her hand and I swear she blush. He is such a charmer I guess he has that affect on everyone not just me. “Well I hope to see you around more” she says with a smile. “Hopefully,” he smiles and his dimple comes out. Even tho I don't want him to leave I can't risk him getting caught any minute now some one can walk in. “Come on lover boy” I roll my eyes at him. “It was nice meeting you Nina” he gives her another kiss and walks away. “She was nice” he says. 
     “Yeah that's Nina she is like the mother I never had” I confess. Nina is very important to me and I'm so glad that Gabe finally met her. I wish I could of introduce them the right way but I guess I can't have my cake and eat it to. “Hey are you okay?” he ask interrupting my thoughts. “Yeah, I think she blush back there” I change the subject. “What can I say I am a charming man” he is so full of himself. I shrug my shoulder dismissing him “You're alright”. He cups my face in between his hands “Just alright?”. I nod “Yeah”. He leans in and I close my eyes waiting to get my mind blowing kiss but it never comes instead he gives me a quick tap. He drops his hands “Got to go”. What? Is he kidding me with that kiss? I grab a hand full of his shirt and crash his lips against mine. If he won't kiss me like I want than I'll kiss him. He parts his lips and I slide my tongue in. I can't stop the moan that escapes me. I try to pull back but he wraps his arm around my waist. I'm so close to jumping on him and showing him what he does to me. He runs his tongue on the top of my roof and my body shivers all over. “Every time” he laughs. I knew he knew what that did to me. I give him a playful slap on his chest “Asshole”. He chuckles as he combs my hair back “So I've herd”. I hate that we have to separated and wait to see each other again. “See you soon?” I tilt my head to see his face. “Very soon” he answers with another kiss “bye Muffin”. I nod and wave as he walks out the door “Bye Ape”. I hug myself trying to keep myself from crying as the door close behind him. 
     Every time he leaves I feel like it's the last time I'll ever see him. I walk back into the kitchen and wrap my arms around Nina “Thank you”. I close my eyes and smell her she always smells like cookies to me. I didn't realize how much I missed hugging her until right now. 
     “Oh you're welcome butterfly” she pats my arm “now sit and eat”. I walk around the table as I grab my bowl of fruits. I can't stop thinking about Gabe I miss him already. “If I didn't know any better I would say you're in love” Nina says. Oh god is it that noticeable?  
     “Have you ever been in love?” I ask trying to change the subject. Now that I think about it I have never herd her talk about her family. I don't even think she has one. “Yes, I was married” she says never lifting her head up. “Really?” I didn't know she was married. Where is her husband? “What happen?”. I regret asking her that questions as soon as I ask. Her body went from relax to stiff in matter of seconds. I walk over to the coffee pot to pour some coffee out ready to let go of this conversation. “Well baby he died a long time ago” she answer. I feel my heart sink into my stomach when she said that. The coffee pot slides out of my hand but I recover quickly and tighten the hold. 
     I know how much losing some one you love hurts. If I felt bad for asking her before now I just want to kick my ass. “I'm so sorry Nina” I whisper loud enough for her to hear me. “It's okay butterfly it happen a very long time ago” she adds trying to down play it but her voice is full of emotion. Even tho she wants to shrug it off I can tell it still hurts her to talk about it. I want to ask her how he died but I stop even I know when to draw the line. I turn and give her a small sad smile as I walk back to my seat.  
     “He died in a car accident” she answers my unasked question. I feel a knot growing inside my throat that's horrible. “Did you have any kids?” I ask trying to change the subject once again. “Yeah I have a daughter” she walks towards the stove. What?! “Really? Where is she? What's her name?” I can't stop myself from asking. “Her name is Bella and I have no idea where she is now” her voice cracks as she says the last part. I walk over to her and give her a big hug “Sorry for asking” I give her a kiss. I won't ask her no more about Bella but I'm not dropping the subject. I'm going to find out everything about her and I'm going to find her.
                            Chapter 14 Gabe
     There is something about Nina that looks familiar to me but I just can't but my finger on it. Jane told me that she is just her Nanny but they sort of look alike well to me at least. Maybe I'm just seeing things that aren't there. “Where the hell were you last night?” Logan ask as soon as I walk through the door. “Well hello there honey” I smile. I'm in to much of a good mood to let him bring me down. “Fuck off asshole I've been up all night waiting for you” he throws me a pancake. Damn he really sounds like my wife this is scary even for me. “I was with Jane” I pick up the pancake and put it back on his plate. He better eat that pancake there are starving people all over the world. “You mean you guys stayed in a hotel right? Because I know that my best friend, a NYPD Lieutenant, would not be stupid enough to sneak inside a house surrounded by armed men to stay the night with his kidnapped girlfriend with out any back up?” he ask making me feel stupid. I pour out some coffee and sit across from him “If you put it that way it sounds kind of dumb”. It doesn't sound dumb it is I wasn't thinking when I did it. “What the fuck man?” he rubs his forehead trying to fight a headache. I shrug my shoulders dismissing him nothing happen I'm still here and alive. “I had to see her I guess you can say I have it bad” which is the truth. He shakes his head in disapproval “You can't be doing shit like that with out fucking telling me”. He is such a nagger I swear if any one herd us talk they would think we are a couple. 
     “Man I'm serious you can't-,” I ignore the rest and my mine goes back to Jane. I think I was a little to ruff with her last night. I knew that Jane and Logan were just messing with me but just the thought of any one seeing her naked just pisses me off. “Find you with your dick up your ass” I catch the last part of Logan's speech. I spit out my coffee “What the fuck is wrong with you?”. Instead of thinking about my dick inside of Jane now I have it inside of me. I feel a old shiver go through my body just imaging some sick shit like that. I grab a napkin and start cleaning the mess I made. “Were you even listing to me?” he ask.
     “Of course I was” I lie. “Really? What did I say?” he ask as he stares at me. “That you were going to find me with my dick up my own ass you got a sick mind by the way” I get up and walk away before he asks me more questions. “What else?” he shouts from behind me but I pretend not to hear him. I close the door behind me and throw myself on the bed. I have to find a way to help Jane get away from her uncles and bring her back home with me. I have to go back to work well if I still have a job. I don't know why but something doesn't feel right to me. Starting with Balvin and ending with Jane. I feel like they're both lying to me. First Balvin keep's Jane's true identity hidden from me then she goes out her way to keep Logan and I off the case. I know she has something up her sleeves she always does. 
     The one thing that's has been bothering me is the fact that Jane's fake name and birth certificate came up in the system. How is that possible? You can always have a fake ID and a fake birth certificate but it wouldn't come up in the system. The only way that is possible is that some one put it in there. Do we have double agents? And if we do who can it be? So many questions and no answers. I walk over to my computer and pull up the file again. Maybe I can find something that I missed last time. If I'm going to do this I need more coffee to stay awake. 
     “I know I told him but you know how hard headed he is” I overhear Logan talking on the phone. He must be talking to Sophia. “Yeah I promise to bring him back to you safe and sound”. As I walk pass him I give him a slap on the back of his head “Snitch”. 
    “Ouch” he rubs his head. “Tell Soso I'm fine and to stop worrying I have enough with you” I walk towards the coffee pot. I make my coffee and head straight to the room before I get another lecture. The first thing I do is compare the two birth certificate. So far they both have the same place of birth and the day the only difference are the names of her parents. Some one must of hack inside the system and change their names but the question is who? This must be an inside job because our system is unreachable. “What are you up to?” Logan walks in eating an apple. “Trying to connect the dots” I click on the next file. 
     I inform Logan about my discovery and about my suspicious. “Do you think Balvin is playing for both sides?” he ask. Balvin can be a bitch some times but she is also a hard worker. I've never herd or seen her take a wrong turn. “No,” I turn to him “do you?”. He rubs the back of his neck he does that every time he is thinking some thing through “No, but I do think she is using us for something” he says. So it isn't just me that thinks something is not right “How so?” I ask wanting to know what is his theory. “I don't know how or why but don't you find it strange that we both had nothing going on at work?”. Now that he mentions it. I understand why I had nothing going on at work but why didn't he? He is my second in command just in case something happens to me he is in charge. “You're right there is something going on but trust me we are going to find out”. In order to do that I have to be back at work. Logan lays on the bed as he lets out a small breath. I've been so caught up in my shit that I haven't had the time to talk to my brother. I'm such a selfish as mother fucker. 
     “Something wrong bro?” I push my chair closer to the bed. Now that I think about it we haven't had a chance to sit down and talk about what's going on in his life it's always about me. “I think I'm a little home sick” he says while looking at the ceiling. I tilt my head to the side and study him. Homesick? Logan is never homesick he has been away from home much longer than this. “Homesick?” I ask and then it hits me “Or pussy sick?”. We have been here a little more than a month and he hasn't gotten any. He stays quite as he stares at the ceiling “Yea that's what it is” he laughs. I know that laugh and I'm not buying it. “You know you can trust me right?” I ask. We have been through a lot together the fact that I have to remind him pisses me off. We have always gone to each other when we need some one to talk too. “Of course but there is nothing going on” he sits up “look at us talking about our feelings and shit what's next are we going to do our nails? Because I think pink is totally your color”. And just like that the moment is over. “Fuck off asshole” I push him back and return to my computer. 
                                 Chapter 15 Jane
     After Gabe left I went back upstairs and took a short nap. I was still tired after our little session last night. Now I'm laying by the pool getting some sun. I have my iPod and the phone Gabe gave me by my side just in case he calls me. “Wow do my eyes decisive me?” Sam ask as she drops next to me. “Shut up” I smile. I've been smiling all day. All I have to do is think about Gabe and I can't stop my smile. She smiles and strips down to her bathing suit “Nice to see you getting some sun I stopped by your room last night but I guess you were sleeping”. I slide down my shades avoiding looking at her as my cheeks get red “Yea I was tired”. She starts to rub sunblock on herself “Well the movie was ass so you didn't miss much”. I'm so relieved she bought the whole I was tired story. Sam pulls out her iPhone and connects it to the beats stereo. I guess I won't be needing my iPod no more. “This is my favorite radio station back home” she says. 

        “Welcome back everyone to 'Mornings with Jacky' I don't know if you guys remember a few weeks ago I shared a story with you guys about a guy looking for his dream girl”

Sammy sits up and turns up the volume “This is the story I told you about Jane remember?” she ask all excited. I look at her like she lost her mind I have no idea what she is talking about.

     “Well for those who haven't herd the story let me catch you up. A few weeks ago a guy called every radio station in the US trying to reunited with the love of his life. Apparently this guy met his soul mate and everything was going great you know typical love story until one day the girl disappeared into thin air just like magic. She left with out saying goodbye or even leaving a clue where she might be. He took it on himself to search for her every where but he always came out empty handed. I know what you're thinking why look for some one who obviously don't want to be found? You would think that he got the hint and stopped looking for her right? Wrong. Instead of moving on he comes up with a plan to call every station in the USA and request for them to play the same song at the same time and he did that for 2 months everyday.” 

I remembering this story now. Sammy and I are so in to the story that we haven't made a sound. 

      “But this is the catch he never gave his or the girl's name all he ever gave where nicknames. I know what you're asking if he never gave the names than how was the girl suppose to know he was looking for her? I asked him the same question and his answer was that she would know just by hearing the song. I'll give you the rest of the story after this song stay tune”

     “I hate when they do that” Sam huffs. I feel as frustrated as she does I'm so in to the story I want to know what happens next. “Do you think he found her?” she ask me with hope in her eyes. I take off my shades “I hope so”. I really do. I love a happy ending as much as the next romantic.

     “Okay we are back. So the guy said that he didn't have to say their names because the song would remind her of him. He ask us to play the song and afterwards say a few words. So here goes the song and if you are that mystery woman please calls us at 1866556588 we are dying to know your side of the story”.

      I lay back down and wonder why would the girl leave him in the first place? He sounds like a nice guy. Now in days men don't chase a women down instead they replace them with the next. Just the fact that he is doing all of this to find her proves what kind of a man he is.

     “When my hairs all but gone and my memory fades
       And the crowds don't remember my name 
      When my hands don't play the strings the same way 
      I know you will love me the same”

     Sammy turns up the volume to the song. I feel like I've herd this song some where before but I can't put my finger where.
  
      “Cause honey your soul could never grow old it's ever green and baby your smile's forever in my memory
         I'm thinking 'bout how people fall in love in mysterious ways
        It's all part of a plan well I'll just keep on making the same mistakes hoping that you'll understand
       That baby now take me into your loving arms kiss me under the light of a thousand stars place your head on my beating heart
       Thinking out loud maybe we found love right where we are”

     Holly shit now I remember the song it's the same song I dances with Gabe that night at the fair. It must be a coincidence it's not like only Gabe and I have herd this song. I mean what are the chances right?

     “That was 'Thinking Out Loud' by Ed Sheen and now back to the last part of the story. He ask me to read this part as if I was him talking to her so listen up because you just might be that lucky girl
           'I've never thought about falling in love, or getting marry or even growing old with some one. As I watch the old couple dance that night I asked myself who would I be dancing with? To my surprise your face was the face I saw when I looked into my future. That man stared at his wife like she was his everything and when she laughed his whole face lite up like the fourth of July. I've never seen so much love before I didn't even think it was possible but than you laughed at something corny I said and at that very moment I realized that I felt the same way for you. That scared the hell out of me because I'm not use to all this emotions. What I'm trying to tell you is that I loved you ever since I was just not brave enough to tell you. I promise I'll find you no matter where you are. I promise' 
     And he sign off as the Muffin man. Obviously it's a inside joke. It has been a month since he last called and we are all dying to know what has happen did he finally found his dream girl? Or did he just give up like any other reasonable men would of done? Muffin man if you're listing to this right now gives us call”.

     I feel tears rolling down my face that was for me. I'm that girl. Gabe has been trying to tell me he was alive this whole time. If only I would of listen to the damn radio station I would of known he was alive. I thought I was the only one who had notice the couple but he did too. He loved me from that moment how didn't I see it? The way he was staring at me that night as we dance I should of recognizes that look it was the same one as the old man. “Whats wrong prima?” Sam rushes to sits next to me “I'm sorry I should of never made you listen to that” she throws her arm over my shoulder. I shake my head “No, thank you for putting it on”. I need to get myself under control I probably look like a crazy bitch crying over a love story if only she knew it's my love story. “I'm going to get you something to drink I'll be right back” she runs away towards the house. He has been looking for me all this time and I had no idea. I pull out Gabe's phone and call him. 
“Hi Muffin” he answers and more tears start to fall. At this point I don't know why am I even crying. 
     “It was you” I say it more as a statement than a question.
“What's wrong Jane? I swear I don't know anything” he quickly adds with worry in his voice. I clear my throat trying to get rid of my emotions “You're the Muffin man?”.
     He let's out a small breath of relief “How did you find out?”. 
I knew it was him!  I told him that I was listing to the radio and how I thought it was him but then confirm it when he talked about the old couples. 
     “I saw them too and all I keep thinking about was how I wanted some one to look at me like he looked at her and now I know I had it all along” I finish with new sets of tears. Oh god I need to get myself under control. I wish he was in front of me right now so I could jump into his arms.  
     “After I was release from the hospital I searched for you all over New York and each time I came up empty handed. I tried to go back to work the next day but my Captain wouldn't allow me. I knew you weren't in New York but I thought you were some where in the country. So I came up with the radio plan. I hoped that you would hear the song and realized I was alive and searching for you I didn't use our names because I didn't want any one to know I was alive” he finish. 
All along I thought I was alone in this but he has always been there. “I'm sorry” I say through my stuffy nose. 
“Sorry?” he ask confuse “for what?”. 
     I don't even know where to start. I'm sorry for dragging him into this mess, for not having the strength to walk away from him when I had the chance, for not telling him the truth from the start, for almost getting him killed, for getting him shot. There is so much I'm sorry for I can't even name them all. “For everything” I settle for that.
     “Jane there is nothing for you to be sorry about none of that was your fault so stop blaming yourself. You are the best thing that has ever happen to me. I don't regret nothing do you?” he ask. 
There is a lot of things I regret and that I'm sorry for but being with him is not one. 
“Of course not you mean everything to me when I thought you were dead my whole world came crushing down I even thought of killing myself,” that's the first time I ever said that out loud I can't believe I just admit that to him out of all people “but I stayed strong because I promised you I was going to take care of Sophia”. I wrap my arm around my waist trying to get some comfort wishing it was his arms around me instead of mines.         
     “I'm so glad you didn't harm yourself I wouldn't be able to live with myself if you did,” his voice cracks at the end causing me to choke on my own words “Muffin we have to find a solution and fast because I refuse to keep sleeping alone”. Leave it up to him to make me smile.
     “I know handsome just give me some time”. I need to sort things out before I leave again. I need to find out more about my mom, I need to help Nina with her daughter, and I have to fix things with my dad. “Okay but we have to do it soon because I have to get back and sort somethings out myself” he says. I know it is selfish of me to make him wait, keeping him away from his job and family. “Thank you handsome” I look back and see Sam walking back with a tray of food. 
     “Do you feel better Muffin?” he ask. I know I should get off the phone before Sam sees me on it but I'm not ready to say bye just yet. 
   “Actually I do” I slide my glasses back on trying to hide my puffy red eyes from Sam. 
    “Good I'll call you later Muffin because Logan is getting a little jealous I need to cheer him up” he laughs. I join in “Okay tell him that you're all his for now that is”. Sammy sits next to me with a raised eyebrow. She is probably wondering where I got the phone from. “Love you Muffin always don't forget that” he says. I can't stop the smile from creeping on my face “Me too”. I hang up the phone and reach for my bowl of ice cream, which I know Nina made because it has homemade brownies in it. “Who was that and where the phone come from?” Sam ask. 
     “A friend and what phone?” I shove a spoonful of ice cream with brownies. The brownies are still warm. They are so mushy and chocolaty I think I just died and went to brownie heaven. She nods her head in understanding and drops the convo. I love her for. “Okay so I guess no one knows about the phone and this is your way of telling me to shut up” she says. I point my spoon at her “Smart girl remind me again why you're with Raul?”. I still don't get that. She sticks out her tongue at me “Not going there”. She stands and walks back to her seat as we eat our ice cream in complete silence. 
     “Okay I'm sorry” I finally give in. I don't want to fight with her especially over Raul. “Did you even think about me when you decided to leave?” she ask throwing me of guard. Of course I thought about her and every one else. They were the reason why it took me so long to make the decision in the first place. Every time I thought about leaving them behind it broke my heart. “All my life it has always been me and you against everyone. You're more than just my cousin you're my best friend and sister. So when you ran away you took all of that away leaving me alone” she brings her knees up to her chest and wraps her arms around them “I had no one to talk to yeah there is Jr. but you know he is always traveling and well you know about my mom. The first few days were the worst I've never felt so lonely in my life. One day I was outside by the pool getting some sun when Raul stopped by. You know he was the first person who actually ask how I was doing. Every one else just pretended like nothing was happening. After that day he would stop by everyday to see how I was doing. Next thing I know we were dating. So yeah you might think he is an asshole but he was there for me when no one was” she smiles. 
     I feel like a piece of shit I never once stop to think how much me leaving would affect her. At the end of the day it was me who pushed her into Raul's arms. I should be thankful that he was there for her when she needed some one the most but I'm not. I know that he didn't do that from the kindness of his heart. He waited until she was the most vulnerable to jump into action and that makes me dislike him even more. I put my bowl down on the table and walk over to sit next to her “Sam I'm sorry for hurting you I was selfish and I hate myself for that,” I wrap me arms around her “You're my sister and I love you”. She wraps her arms around my waist “I love you too always and forever”.
                            Chapter 16 Gabe
     Damn I need to get my shit together not knowing what Balvin is up to is really fucking me up. After the talk with Logan I'm feeling even more uneasy. I thought it was just me being paranoid. I hate the fact that I can't trust my own coworkers. How can you work with a team you don't trust? “You want to get some drinks?” Logan pokes his head through my door. I can use some drinks right now to relax. I have been sitting in front of this computer for hours trying to find a clue, my neck is starting to feel stiff. “Sounds like a good idea let me take a quick shower” I turn off the computer and hit the shower. 
     “So what's going on?” Logan ask as we wait for our drinks. “I think we have a double agent” I reach for my beer. “Why?” he ask, he didn't even flinch at my words. I thought he was going to fight me on this. “You know that it's almost impossible to get into our system so how did some one get into it and made a fake profile for Jane?”. I run my hand through my hair still trying to answer that question myself. The only answer I've came up with is that some one that we work with did it. Logan rubs the back of his neck “Maybe they are just trying to keep her safe you know if that information falls into the wrong hands than she can be in real danger”. I thought about that but we are suppose to be the good guys so why keep it from us? 
     “Maybe but what if some one is getting paid to give us fake information” I say. There is so many questions and no fucking answer is so frustrated. “Yeah that can be the case,” he takes a sip of his beer “this is all fucked up”. I nod my head in agreement “Hell yeah and being away isn't helping the case either”. Logan nods at the bartender to bring us another round of beers. “Do you trust Kevin?” I ask. Kevin is one of our coworkers he is in charge of all the records. He can find any file known to men if he needs to. The things he can do with a computer it's out of this world. We caught him trying to hack in to our system. He wasn't the first person to try to get in but he has been the first one who almost got all the way through and he was doing it for fun. Instead of throwing him in jail we decided to give him a job with us. Thanks to him our system is what it is today. He used his head to come up with the best secure system ever used. 
    “Hell yeah that man is solid I would bet money that he is clean why? You think he can be the traitor?” he ask. 
“No,” I never thought he can be a traitor I know he is clean “I need you to ask him to run a back ground check on 4 names”. I ask him to do it because he has more of a friendship with Kevin than what I do and if anyone can find what I need is him. “On who?” he ask. I tell him that I want to run a background check on the 4 names that are on Jane's birth certificate. I need to find out which one are the real parents and where are they now. 
     “You have to tell him to do it off the record no one can find out especially not Balvin” I add. I don't want any one to interfere with my investigation. “I'm on it we can trust him” he says. If he trust him so much to ask him to do this than I trust him.
     “So how come you haven't fucked any one yet?” I change the subject. I need a break of all this thinking before my head explodes. It's not like Logan to go so long with out having sex. Now that I think about I haven't seen him with anyone even before this trip. “I think I'm losing my mojo” he shrugs his shoulders. If I didn't know any better I would say he is hooked on some one. I laugh just thinking about it. Out of the years I known him I have never seen him in a relationship. There was this time way back when we were young where he was seeing this girl but I don't know what happen. 
    “What's funny?” he ask annoyed. I shake my head trying to clear my thoughts “I just had a crazy idea”. He cross his arms across his chest as he leans back into the chair “Well share it I can use a laugh”. I reach for my beer “For a quick second I thought maybe you were hooked on some one,” I stop laughing when I notice him staring at me with a serious face “Are you?” I ask feeling like a dick for laughing. “No, but why would that be so funny if I was?” he ask. I feel relief but at the same time confuse with his reaction. “You can't keep your dick in your pants” I say in a matter of fact tone. Did he forget who he is talking to? “Oh look who is talking” he says pissed off. And apparently I forgot who I was talking too. He knows me as well as I know him. I know I'm not one to talk but I've change after I met Jane. “I've change and you know that” I say defensively. Since Jane came around I only have eyes for her and no one else. 
     “Yeah so why is it so funny to think I can change?” he finish his beer avoiding my stare. Holly shit! I almost spit my beer back out “So there is some one?”. 
“Nope,” he fakes laughs “I just want you to know that I'm capable of being serious with some one” he smirks. “Like you said I can't keep my dick in my pants that would be a crime and I won't break the law” he adds. I have to admit he had me going there for a minute I thought he was actually falling for some one. “Nice fucking speech ass face” I throw some peanuts at him. After a few more rounds we go upstairs and call it a night.
      ********************************************
     My head is killing me this morning why did I drink so much last night? Oh god I didn't even send a good night text to Jane. I reach for my phone send her a quick text. I haven't seen Jane in a while and I need my Jane fix. I need to see her or at least hear her voice. That's it I'm going to call her. “Hello” she answers in her sexy morning voice. “Morning Muffin” my voice sounds rougher thanks to my hangover. “Gabe to loud” she mumbles making me laugh. She has never been a morning person. “Sorry just wanted to hear your voice” I say. 
     “It's okay handsome I miss hearing yours too”. I can just picture her in bed with her sheets all wrap around her sexy body and her hair out around her.  
    “Can I see you today?”  I ask. I need to see her I miss her. I have it bad. “Not today baby my uncles have something plan for us today” she says as she stretches. I can imagine her arching her back as she stretches her arms out. She is killing me. More like I am killing myself with all this damn images. “Okay Muffin” I say disappointment. I really wanted to see her but I guess I just have to wait. “I'll make it up to you, babe I promise” she says catching my attention. “I'm listing” I get comfortable to hear how she is planning to make this up to me. There is only thing I can think of. I'm getting hard just thinking about it. “I'll see what I can come up with” she says and my heart skips a beat. 
    “Okay Muffin now you have my undivided attention” I fix my boxer before my dick starts playing pick a boo. Logan walks in at the same time that my hand is inside the boxer. “And I'm the one that can't keep my dick in my pants” he laughs. I give him my middle finger and mouth fuck you. “Muffin I got to go talk to you later I love you” I need to get off the phone before I end up jerking off in front of Logan. “Love you too babe” she blows me a kiss. I hold in the growl that wants to escape. I swear she is going to be the death of me. 
     “You think I can eat my breakfast with out having your dick on the table” Logan ask as I enter the kitchen. “Shut the fuck up asshole” I slap him behind his head. I had to take a quick cold shower to calm my boy down. “Did you talk to Kevin?”. I need to distracted myself from thinking of Jane.    “Yeah we will have some news soon” he reply as he texts. 
     “Good the faster the better” I pour out some coffee. Logan nods in agreement. My phone vibrates letting me know I have a text message. It's from Jane. I open her message and my eyes pop out of my head when I see Jane's perfect breast on my screen. “Aww fuck!” I burn my hand with the coffee.      
     “What happen?” Logan leans in trying to see the message. I quickly lock my phone and place it on the table. There is no way I'm letting him see her tits. “Nothing just Jane acting silly” I say as I dry my hand, which is still burning by the way. “Well she must not be that funny because I see no humor on your face” he smirks knowing damn well what I'm talking about. “You have no idea” I walk back to the bathroom. Cold shower here I come. 
                               Chapter 17 Jane
     I wish I could of seen Gabe's reaction when he open the message. I've never send nudes to any one before but with Gabe is different. I know I can trust him. I feel bad for lying to him about having plans with my dad. When in reality I don't. My dad and uncle are out doing god knows what and aren't going to be back til later on today and Sammy is out with Raul. So that leaves me by myself giving me the perfect chance to snoop around. I brush my teeth and head downstairs to find Nina.
     “Morning Butterfly” she greats me with her smile. I walk towards her and give her a hug “Morning Nina”. She gives me a kiss on my forehead as she hands me my bowl of fruits. I walk to the table with my back to her. “Hey Nina what did you guys do with all our stuff from back home?” I ask casually. I give her my back because I know she can tell when I'm lying. “We left a lot behind why?” I feel her eyes on me. Fuck! She knows I am up to something. I need to come up with some thing. 
     “Because I can't find some books I had” I answer. Everyone knows I love to read and that I have a collection of books, well had. “I think there are some boxes in the basement. I can go look for you if you like” she offers. Bingo! Now I have a place to start looking. “Thanks I got it. Can you believe I forgot their names” I shake my head as I fake laugh.  
     “Okay baby just don't spend all day down there” she smiles knowing that I have a bad memory. Thank god she can't see pass my lying. “I won't”. I finished my breakfast in record time. I run upstairs to grab my phone and IPod and run back downstairs to the basement.
     Oh god I don't even know where to start. There are more than just a few boxes down here. Thank god that each boxes have the name of whom they belong to written on them or else I would be here all night and day. I find a box with my name and take out a few books. I don't even know what they are about but I take them out anyways just in case Nina walks in I can play it off. I don't know where to start should I go through my dad's stuff and see if I can find something on my mom or do I go through Nina's? I doubt I'll find anything on my mom I have search my dad's thing so many times before and never come up with anything. I might as well go through Nina's things. I am here to help her afterwards. I open her box and start searching through it. I feel bad for violating her privacy but it's for a good cause. I keep telling myself that to make myself feel better. 
     The first thing I find is a old photo album. I place it on top of my books I don't have time to go through it right now. I find a birth certificate. The certificate is for a Isabella Marie Torres. Her parents are Nina and Randy Torres. She was born January 2 1979 that would make her 36 years old. Her birthday was a few weeks ago. She is younger than what I thought she would be. Nina must of had her pretty young. Her birthplace was in New York. No way! Nina is from New York! How did she end up all the way in Las Vegas? I'm going to need this for later. I go through more papers and find a wedding and a death certificate. I add it to the pile of papers I've already have. I grab some more photos and head upstairs. 
     I lock my door behind me as I climb into bed and start searching through everything. The first picture inside the album is of a very young Nina in a wedding dress. Wow, Nina was stunning when she was younger. The wedding dress was one of them old fashion dress. I usually don't like them but this one looks amazing on her. She had long puffy brown hair that came down to her shoulder, her eyes shine so bright, a smile that can light up a whole room, and an hour glass figure. The man next to her was about 5'9, short dark hair, amber eyes, and he looks like he was around 18 when the picture was taken. He is drop dead handsome they made a perfect couple. Just by looking at the picture you can see how much loved they had for one another. I have never seen Nina's eyes sparkle like they are in this picture. I never seen her smile this way either. She has a heart stopping smile that can make anyone around her smile. His smile is even more contagious than hers if that is even possible. You can tell he is a very proud husband. My heart hurts just knowing how much love they had for one another and it breaks knowing that Nina lost it so young. I know what it feels like to lose the person you love and I can't imagine living so many years with that kind of pain. I barley survived 2 months yet a long a life time. I didn't even notice I was crying until a tear rolls down my face and onto the photo.
     I turn the page and find more wedding photos. There is one of them at the alter, dancing, and shoving cake in their face. I can't help but to laugh at the last one. It seemed like they had a small wedding but I've never seen any one more happier than them. As I flip through the pages I find one of Nina with a swollen belly. She looks even more beautiful if that is even possible. Her skin is glowing as she smiles and rubs her growing belly. In every picture she comes out with her husband, he is always touching her belly it's like he can't stop touching her. They look so happy and excited for that baby. My heart starts hurting again. The next picture makes me laugh. She is holding up a cute little pink dress and he is holding a butcher knife. I guess that's when they found out they were having a girl. I flip through the pages until I find one of Nina holding a beautiful baby girl in her arms in a hospital gown. Nina isn't even paying attention to the camera her attention is on the baby. She looks at that baby like if she is her entire world. The baby is sucking on her little hand while Nina just watches her. Nina must have been around 18 when she had Bella. The next picture is of Randy holding the baby and he is looking at her the same way Nina had. 
     The next pictures are of Bella growing up. There is a picture of her on her first birthday all the way up until her 14 birthday. In each picture she is always standing in the middle of her parents with a smile that can reach the moon. She has the same smile as Nina and Randy combine together. The last picture is only of Bella and Nina it doesn't take a genius to figure out that her father was gone. Both of their eyes are full of sadness and their smiles are fake it actually looks like they are in pain by just smiling. I feel like some one just stab me in my heart with a kitchen knife just knowing that they lost some one important to them. I never met my mother but her absent hurts me every day. I can't imagine loosing my father. Yeah I'm mad at him but I would be devastated if anything would to happen to him. 
     I close the album with new sets of tears and tuck it under my bed. I'm taking it with me so when I find Bella I can show her how much she was loved. I don't know what happen between them but enough is enough. They both need each other I know how much a girl needs her mom. Bella needs to realize how lucky she is to have Nina as her mother. Bella is the last thing Nina has left of Randy. Maybe if I can get them together Nina will smile like she used to. I reach for the paper I bought up and start reading them.
     Randy died in a car accident a few months before Bella turned 14. His car ran off the the highway and was found in a ditch. He died instantly. He was also born in New York. By the time I finished reading all the paper I knew everything I needed to know about Bella. My bed looked like a hurricane hit it. There are papers all over the place. I need to clean this mess up before Nina walks in. As I get off the bed a pink book that looks like a journal falls to the ground. I don't even remember bringing it up here. I bend down to pick it up. It looks more like a dairy than a journal. The cover of the book reads “My Princess first book”. It must be a dairy for Bella that Nina wrote in while she was pregnant. I refuse to read it. This belongs to Bella and only her. I hide everything under my bed for now. I'm taking all of it with me when I leave.
     I need some thing to drink my throat feels dry of all the crying I did. “Did you find your books Butterfly?” Nina ask. I feel guilty for lying to her but it's for a good case. “Yeah I did” I grab a bottle of water and turn to face her. She is sitting at the table with her glasses and a crossword puzzle book in front of her. That's her favorite pass time. When I was younger I used to sit next to her and help her out. Which in reality I didn't. I would just point at random letters and she would pretend it was a word. I walk over to her and wrap my arms around her “Thank you for everything you have done for me I really appreciate it. I love you”. She needs all the love she can get and I'm willing to give it to her. She pats my arm “I love you too Butterfly”. I give her a kiss on the cheek “Can I help?”. I want to spend some time with her. I feel guilty for pushing her away all this time. She pulls out the chair next to her “Of course”. I take the seat and join Nina. Two games later Nina and I are laughing and having fun talking about random things. This is the most time I've spend with her since I came back and I'm loving every second of it. 
     “Hey Nina what's for dinner?” Mark walks in putting a kill to my happiness. I roll my eyes at him “Nothing Nina isn't cooking”. I look over to Nina and shake my head before she can even say anything. No one is going to be home for dinner and I'll be damn if Nina cooks dinner for him. “Don't be silly I can whip some thing up really quick” Nina gives me a stop being mean look. I swear this lady can't say no when it comes down to cooking. “Don't worry Nina I can make some thing really quick” he says before I open my mouth again. “None of that come sit down and I'll make you a sandwich” Nina walks towards him. I bite down on the pen and concentrate on the puzzle in front of me instead of that thing in the room. 
     I hear the chair across from me being dragged against the floor but I never lift my head up. Maybe if I don't acknowledge him he'll leave. Let's see how long he can go with out talking to me. “You look adorable when you're concentrating on something” he says. Well that wasn't long enough it took him about 10 seconds to open his dumb stupid mouth. “You would look adorable if you stop breathing” I mumble. I hear Nina trying to hide her laughter with a cough “Enough fighting you two”. I'm just going to ignore him like I always do. “I don't want to fight Nina I just want to be her friend” he says to Nina. She walks over to hand him a sandwich “I'm sure when she is ready to be your friend again she'll let you know”. I almost bust out laughing there is no way I'm ever going to be his friend again and Nina knows that. “What do you think I should do to win her over?” he ask. 
     Die and be born in a different body I think to myself. “My dear boy you can't win her over she needs to come around by herself” she says. Nina and I both know that that's not going to happen. “I guess I don't stand a chance to win her heart” he has the nerves to sound upset. I lift my head up and glare at him ready to rip his throat out with this pen but for a quick second I actually feel bad for him. At one point in my life I did consider him as a friend and I did care for him. “Mark,” I wait for him to look at me to continue “Not you nor anyone else have a chance to win my heart over. My heart, soul, and body already belong to some one else the sooner you understand that the better it will be. Move on find some one better”. That's the best I can do for Mark, the one who used to be my friend. I stand to leave but he wraps his hand around my arm keeping me in place. I turn around ready to stab him in the eye with my pen for touching me  “I'm sorry for everything” he quickly adds. I look into his eyes and for the first time since he has apologize I actually believe him 
     “I know but I still need time” I look at his hand around my wrist waiting for him to release me. He lets go of my arm and I walk away never looking back at him. I don't know if I can ever forgive him for shooting Gabe but I've already forgave him for everything else. I grab my phone and send Gabe a quick text letting him know how much I love him. I need to hear from him to know that everything is over. That I will never have to go a day without hearing his voice or a day without him texting me. Finding out Nina's love story has my heart aching for Gabe. I'm lucky to have him again in my life. I hate being away from him I think it's time for me to get my shit together and make a decision. My phone vibrates and I jump for it.

      He Who Should Not Be Name: love you too naughty girl
   
I break into a smile as I read the message. If he thought that was naughty than he is going to think I'm filthy with what I am about to do.
                        Chapter 18 Gabe
     I love getting random texts from my girl telling me she loves me. Oh god I sound like a pussy. I've definite lost my man card. Where do I go to return it?  “Bro Kevin is sending the information you ask for tomorrow” Logan informs me. Damn he works fast. “Thanks bro”. 
     “You owe me big time by the time this is over you're going to owe me your soul” he jokes. I know he is right I owe him for everything he has done for me. “I will gladly give it to you just give me the paper to sign it over”. He takes off his shirt and throws it at me “Na I don't want that shit that's what bros are for,” he reach for a towel “this just might save my life” he says under his breath. I really don't understand his comment. 
     “What-” my phone vibrates, cutting me off. Logan walks to the bathroom and I reach for my phone. “Oh fuck!” I growl as Jane's pink muffin is display on my screen. “Everything alright?” Logan yells from the bathroom. I clear my throat “Everything is alright”.
             Muffin: How is that for naughty? ;)
There is never a dull moment with Jane she surprises me more and more everyday. My phone vibrates again and this time is a picture of a naked Jane standing in front of her mirror. My dick jumps up begging me for attention. I dial her number because I can't take any more pictures.
“Hello” she answers on the second ring. 
     “You're a bully you know that?” I say as low as possible so Logan don't hear me. She lets out a small laugh “Really I thought I was being nice”. Just hearing her voice does things to my body. I miss her so much. 
“What are you doing?” I ask in a husky voice. “Taking a warm bubble bath” I hear splashing in the background.
    Mmm I can just picture Jane's soft skin cover in bubbles. Wait, did she just say bubble bath? Something is wrong. She only takes bubble bath when there is something bothering her. “Is everything okay Muffin?” I walk towards my room to have some privacy. 
     “Yea I just have a lot on my mind I need you to distract me” she answers. I'll let it go for now but this conversation isn't over. “Do you know what's been on my mind all day?” I ask as I lay down on my bed “Do you know what's on my mid?”. 
“Mmm no” she says in a low tone. “You're on my mind 24/7” I say.
      “Really what about me?” she says as she moves around the water. I wonder what she is doing? “You being naked and me being so far away” I tuck a pillow under my head. 
   “What would you do to me if you were here right now?” she ask. 
I lick my lips just imagining what I would do to her. “Well first I would demolish your mouth with my tongue” I bite down on my lips just thinking of her lips on mine. 
She giggles “Demolish huh?”. 
     I love her laugh at least her mood is changing. “Yea it has been so long since the last time I kissed you that if you were here I would demolish you. All of you”. I hear her take in a big breath she is as turn on as I am. 
    “Now this is what you're going to do, you're going to put me on speaker because I need your hands to be free then you are going to follow my every instruction with out interrupting understood?”. I turn up the volume on the TV I don't want Logan to hear this conversation.  “Yes sir” she mocks. 
     “Tell me when you're ready” I sit down with my back to the wall. 
    “Ready” she says instantly. She wants a distraction than I'll give it to her.
I lower my voice just above a whisper “Now baby if I was there I would kiss the side of your neck right in the spot where I can feel your heartbeat. Now, run your fingers down your neck really slow pretend they are my lips then run them down the valley of your breast, if I was there I would give them a squeeze. Go ahead Muffin do it”. 
     Fuck I hope she is as turn on as I am. “I would suck on your nipple until you can't take no more and just when you are ready to blow I would gently bite down to make you explode. Pinch your nipple pretend I'm there biting it down” I hear her moan and my dick jumps. “Then baby I would kiss every inch of your flat stomach until I reach your pink muffin. Run your hand up and down your stomach baby and then stop right when you reach your muffin but don't touch it” I order. 
     I take the moment to remove my jean because my dick is pressing against the zipper. “Now spread your legs wide open for me,” I hear the water moving around as she follows my instructions “Are you ready Muffin?” I ask. 
    “Oh god yes” she answers in a needy tone. 
“Now baby run your finger up and down your slit but don't touch your clit tell me what you feel” I say. I start to stroke my cock just picturing her touching herself. 
   “I'm so wet and I need to find some release please” she says in between breath. I'll give her what she wants. “Okay now place your thumb on your clit and start rubbing it at the same time insert a finger pretend that it's me touching you” I say as I stoke myself even faster. I'm so close to coming.  
     “Oh god Gabe” she cries. Fuck my name sounds so  fucking hot coming out her mouth. 
 “That's it faster Muffin faster pretend it's my dick fucking you” I growl. I'm so close to cumming but I need her to go first. “Move your thumb faster Jane don't stop”.
    “Oh god Gabe fuck!” she cries as she cums and I join her with my own mess. I can't believe I just had phone sex. I haven't had phone sex since I was a teenager only Jane can make me do this things again. I take off my shirt and clean myself before Logan walks in and finds my dick out again. 
“Feeling better?” I ask. 
      “You have no idea that was wow” she says out of breath. That was amazing but nothing beats the real thing as I clean myself. “Gabe,” she says in a low voice and I hum for her to continue “take me home”. Did I just hear her right? 
     “Are you sure?” I want to kick my ass for asking her but I have to be sure she wants to go home with me. “Yes baby take me home I don't want to be away from you anymore” she says. My heart feels like it wants to come out of my chest “Okay when? We can leave tomorrow if you want” I say a little to excited. She laughs “First I have to take care of some things give me a week or so and than I'm all yours”. I can wait another week hell I would wait another month if I had to. “Okay Muffin just let me know when you are ready to go home” I agree. 
     “Thank you so much Gabe I love you” she says. Every time I hear her say that my heart does a little flip. I can't believe I just said that I sound like a teen age girl. You know the one that still believe in unicorns. “I love you too Muffin” I smile. 
     “So I am going to hang up now and take a shower” she laughs. I pull my boxers back on. I need a cold shower myself. “Okay baby talk to you later and no more crazy pictures” I say. She laughs “I can't promise anything” she hangs up before I can say anything. She is going to be the death of me. I can't believe this nightmare is almost over just one more week and this is all over. Just one week. Logan walks in and stops when he notice me in my boxers “Why the fuck are you in boxers? I swear I'm going to need some fucking consoling after I'm done sharing a room with you” he walks over to the chair. 
     “Shut the fuck up you act like you never seen me naked before” I throw a pillow at his head. We had have our fare share of threesome and we have even fucked girls in the same room so I don't know why he is bitching. “Yeah but there were always girls involve. Just me and you that's just fucking weird” he says. “Well in a week it will all be over” I say as I hop out of  bed. “I already told you I'm not leaving here with out you” he states. 
    “You won't have to because in a week we are all leaving” I try to sound as causal as I can. “You better not be fucking playing with me” he jumps up from the chair. I reach for my towel “Nope I'm not fucking with you” I smirk. His face lights up “It's about fucking time” he smiles as he reaches for his phone. I step out and walk to the bathroom giving him some privacy to call whom ever.
                           Chapter 19 Jane
    After my conversation with Gabe last night I realized that it's time for me to go back home with him. First thing first I need to fix things with my father. Yesterday really open my eyes on how luck I'm to have a father in my life. I can't keep avoiding him. I need to make him understand and respect my decision. If I want to be treated like an adult than I have to act like one. I jump out of bed and hit the shower. I'm going to need it. I have a feeling it's going to be a long day. After I showered and changed I send Gabe his good morning text and head downstairs. 
    “Good morning Butterfly” Nina greets me like every morning. “Good morning Nina” I give her a good morning kiss. “I'll have your bowl of fruits ready in a few” she reached for the fruits. “Let me help” I reach for a knife and start helping her. “Thank you honey” she returns to the eggs. 
     “I'm going to eat at the table today with everyone else” I say as I pop a strawberry into my mouth, I can't help myself every time I'm cooking I have to be eating. “Oh really?” Nina tries to hide the fact that she is worry. “Don't worry I'll be on my best behavior”. Well at least at breakfast the rest is up to my dad. “I know you will” she says not to convince. 
    After I helped her out with breakfast I also helped her out with setting the table. “Well this is a beautiful surprise” Marks walks in while I'm folding the last napkin. Good vibes Jane remember act like an adult. He is probably just passing through making his way to the kitchen. I hear the chair scrap the floor and my head snaps up “What are you doing?”. Who the hell does he think he is only family eat at the table. “Oh I forgot you don't know well I eat here with everyone else” he smirks. What the hell has my father gone mad? I mean I don't have a problem with sharing a table with some one that works for us but Mark that's a different story. Breath Jane act like an adult remember? I walk to the other end of the table and take the seat farthest away from him as possible. 
     “Prima,” Sammy face lights up when she sees me sitting down. I smile but as soon as I see Raul walking behind her my smile drops. Seriously him too? God you're testing me. “What are you doing here?” she sits next to me and Raul takes the chair next to her. “Trying to be an adult” I mumble. “What was that?” she ask. I reach for my napkin and place it on my lap “Eating breakfast” I smile up at her and Raul winks at me from behind her. I have to fight the urge to jump over her and punch him in his face. Uncle Jay and my dad are the last one to arrive at the table. “Baby girl what a surprise” uncle Jay walks over to us. “So I hear” I say as he gives me a kiss on the forehead. My dad looks at me with a smile but instantly frowns. He knows I'm up to something. 
     “Princess” he says dryly. “Dad” I answer with the same coldness. Every ones eyes are on us waiting for our next move. Dad walks to my end of the table and takes his seat facing everyone like a king. Nina walks out with 2 maids and our food. “Nina take a seat” I say as I point to an empty chair. I think it's only fair she gets to seat with us. She is part of this family more than Mark will ever be. “No it's fine baby I need to get back” she gives me a small smile. Oh hell no there is no way I am dropping this. “Dad don't you think Nina should seat with us?” I ask never looking at him. I'm trying to keep my calm but I feel like I can lose it in any minute. “Yes I do” he says taking me by surprise. I turn to face him with disbelief. 
     “Actually I've always thought she deserved to sit with us as part of the family but she has always turn me down”. What? Why? I look over to Nina who gives me a nod of confirmation. “Sit with us Nina” my dad commands her. Nina gives him a smile and takes the seat next to Mark. What the fuck just happen? 
    “I'm happy you decided to join us this morning Princess” my dad announced to the whole table. “Yeah this is great” Sammy wraps her arms around me. “Thanks” I say still confuse on what just happen. We ate our breakfast like a family, well minus Raul and Mark of course. I avoid eye contact with both of them and just spoke when I was spoken too. I helped the maids clean up and I refuse to let Nina pick anything up she is part of this family so she needs to start acting like one. 
     After I clean the dishes I decide that there is no better time than now to talk to my dad. As I walk towards my father's office I get a feeling of deja vu. I'm nervous, my palms are sweating, and I feel like my breakfast wants to come back up. I take a deep breath trying to control my nerves once I have them on check I knock on the door. The only reason why I knock is because I want to start this conversation with the right foot. “Come in Princess” my dad calls already knowing it's me at the door. Well looks like he was waiting for me. I open the door and walk in. My father is sitting in his leather chair “Take a seat Princess” he motions towards the chair in front of him. No matter how old I am every time I sit in front of him I'll always feel like a little girl who is in trouble. I've been avoiding my dad since I got here. I've been so angry at him that I didn't even want to look at him. But now that I'm this up close to him I can really see how tired he looks. He has bags under his eyes, looks like he hasn't shave in days, and I actually can see his gray hairs. I guess this whole situation is affecting all of us. “Is everything okay?” he ask. We might as well get this over with. 
     “Yeah I just thought it was time for us to talk about everything” I say. He nods as he leans into his chair “I agree I want to start by saying that I'm sorry for how everything happen all I wanted was to bring you back home where I could keep you safe. I never meant for any one to get hurt especially some one you loved. I know what it feels like to lose some one you love and I would never want you to go through that” he says upset. I feel my chest tighten up how could I forgotten that Nina isn't the only one around here who lost the person she loved. I was so caught up in my anger that I never once stopped to think about my dad. How selfish am I? 
     “All I wanted was to get my baby girl back. The funny thing is that even tho you were here with me I never got my baby girl back, it killed me to see how broken you were. You wouldn't talk to no one, you wouldn't let no one touch you, you weren't even eating, and the worst part was the screaming. Every night you would wake up in the middle of the night yelling like some one was killing you. Every night I wanted to run into your room to comfort you, to make sure you was okay but I couldn't. I never felt so helpless in my life I was actually considering getting some professional help” he says as he rubs his eyes trying to get rid of the tears. 
     I didn't even think he was paying that much attention to know about my nightmares. I didn't even know he cared. I was in such bad condition when I thought Gabe was dead that I didn't care if I lived or not. I wipe my tears that I didn't even know where rolling down my face. 
     “But then out of no where you started to change slowly but I notice it. You started to come out your room, you started to eat more, you even stop having the nightmares, and then you started to let people in again,” he clears his throat trying to collect himself “I started to see my little girl coming back from where ever she was. You started to smile, laugh, and you even stopped crying yeah you were angry but I rather see you mad than depress. Even if your anger was towards me I know I deserve it for being selfish” he gives me a sad smile “I hope one day you can forgive me for everything”. 
     I hate seeing him this upset. I'm so used to seeing him strong and tough against the world. I feel a big knot stuck in my throat and no matter how much I try swallowing it down I can't get rid of it.  Of course I can forgive him. I love him he is the only parent I have ever known. Growing up he did everything in his power to make me feel love. I want to tell him that I forgive him but I can't find my voice so I walk over to him and wrap my arms around him. It feels so good to hug my father again. 
     “I'm s-so sorry dad” I hiccup into his chest. I was so mad that I didn't realize how much I really missed having my father around. Even tho I had Gabe back in my life I still felt like a part of my heart was still missing. Now I realize that the part of my heart missing was my father. I wasn't mad at my father I was hurt because the only man that I trusted not to hurt me did just that. “It's okay Princess” he strokes my hair like he used to do when I was younger. I'm so sorry for the way I've been acting but I'm also sorry about what I'm about to tell him. “You'll always be my princess don't forget that baby” he gives me a kiss on the forehead. He is not making this any easier for me. I give him a squeeze and enjoy this moment before we start fighting again. 
     “I need to tell you something” I say as I clean my face. “I know” he nods. I walk back to my chair and take in a deep breath “Dad I love you and I forgive you for everything,” my heart breaks all over again just seeing tears in his eyes. I fucking hate that I have to pick between the two most important men in my life. Why can't I have them both like any normal girl? Because I've never been a normal girl. Even tho my choice is made for me it doesn't make it any easier. “Papi I want to go back to New York,” why does it sound like I am asking for permission? “I'm going back to New York” I correct myself. I lift my hand up to stop him from speaking “before all of this happen I had a life of my own back in New York. I made friends and I even fell in love for the first time” I smile thinking of Sophia, Liam, Logan, and Gabe “and I want that back I don't want to be a prisoner no more. I don't want this life and you can't force it on me. I'm not asking for your permission I'm letting you know what I've already decided. I'm going back” I say with a firm voice. I hope he can understand where I'm coming from either way I'm leaving and there is nothing he can do to change my mind. The only reason why I'm telling him is because I want to do this right this time around. I want to be able to live my life with out having to check over my shoulder every second. 
     “You do know that if you do this I will not be able to protect you anymore and we might never see each other again?” he ask. Just thinking of losing him makes my heart hurt. I don't want to lose him but I can't lose Gabe either. This is so hard. I drop my face into my hands and start crying all over again. All I want is to be that little girl again who's only problem was which doll she was going to play with that day or what color dress she was going to wear. 
     I feel my dad's arms go around me “I'm sorry Princess”. I lean into him and let him comfort me like I've been dying for him to do all this time. “Calm down Princess we'll make it work” he says trying to calm me down. How are we going to make it work? It's not like we can visit each other like normal fathers and daughters. “I am really sorry”. I really am. I'm such a hypocrite. Here I'm trying to reconnect Nina with her daughter because Bella is the only thing she has left of Randy but on the other hand I'm taking the only thing my father has left of my mom. “I don't know what to do” I sob. I know what my hearts wants me to do but at the same time I feel guilty for leaving everyone behind again. 
     “Listen to your heart Princess” he says as he rubs my back trying to calm me down. “Even if that means leaving you behind?” I say into his chest. He lifts my head up so he can see my face “Even if it means leaving me behind. I rather for you to be away and happy than have you close and miserable”. That's the man I know and love. The one who will do anything to make me happy. “Thank you Papi” I wrap my arms around his neck “thank you so much”. 
     Just him saying that means the world to me. “Anything for you Princess,” he wraps his arms around me “when would you leave?”. Now here comes the tough part. “In a week” I say so low I barley hear it. “What was that baby?” he pulls back. “In a week” I say a little louder. “In a week?” he pushes me away. I guess daughter and father time is over here comes the fighting. “In a week?” he shouts causing me to jump in my seat “Are you kidding me I thought maybe in a few more weeks or months”. I take a minute to get myself together before talking “What's the difference between a week or a month?”. He runs his hands through his hair as he pace back and forth “I thought I had more time with you I just got you back and now I'm losing you for good”. I walk over to him and put my hand on his shoulder “You will never lose me I'll always be your daughter and we'll find a way remember” I say reassuring both of us. If anyone can find a way it's him. “Yes we will” he wraps me up in a hug again. “Te amo Papi” it feels good to say that again. “Me too Princess always and forever”.
                            Chapter 20 Jane
     After the talk with my dad I actually feel like everything is going to be alright. I'm so glad that we're on speaking terms again. I'm going to enjoy the little time I have left with my family. I'm in the mood to celebrate and I know just the perfect thing. I reach for the ice cream box, a bowl, and strawberries. As I chop the strawberries I can't stop myself from singing. I haven't sang in a long time it's not like I can sing but I enjoy it. “Wow what's going on here?” Sam walks in. “Eating ice cream do you want some?” I reach for another bowl knowing her answer already. “Okay so either the talk with tio went really good or it went really bad” she says. How does she know I was talking to my father is beyond me. I swear even tho this house is huge news travels fast. “It went really good” I smile. She claps her hands together “Finally we can go back to normal”. 
     I feel sick to my stomach. I still haven't told her the news. I thought the hardest part was telling my father but I was wrong. “How about we go outside on the patio and have a little girl talk” I say. “Okay lets go” she snatch her bowl out of my hands.
     “So how are things with Raul?” I ask as we take our seats. I love sitting outside the view is just beautiful. The sky is always light blue it resembles the ocean and the patio is full of different flowers and roses. It makes me feel calm and peaceful. Dubai really is a beautiful place. “We're doing fine” she shrugs it off. I know there is something wrong just by the way she answer. “What's wrong?”. She looks down to her bowl as she plays with her ice cream “How do you know when you are in love with some one?”. Just the fact that she is asking me that question let's me know that she isn't in love with him. “Well when you're in love he is the first and last person you think of every day, every time he is around you get these butterflies in your stomach that makes you feel sick but the good way not the bad way if that makes sense, your heart beats so fast that you're afraid that it will pop out of your chest, and most importantly there is no doubt in your mind that you're in love”. 
     Well that's what Gabe makes me feel anyways. My heart and body is aching for him. I want to see him but I want to spend as much time as I can with my family before I leave. “Well I guess I'm not in love with Raul but I want to be” she says sadly. I'm so glad she isn't in love with him but I hate seeing her so sad. I reach for her hand to give her comfort “Sam you can't force love if it's not there than it's not meant to be”. She nods understanding what I am telling her “But he has been so good to me I feel bad for not loving him”. I'm starting to think that the only reason why Sam wants to love him is to pay him back for being there for her when she needed some one. The only reason why he has been this good to her is because he knows if he fucks this up my uncle will have his balls, literally. She needs to get away from him maybe I should take her with me. “I have something to tell you,” I squeeze her hand for her to look at me “I'm going back to New York in a week and I want you to come with me” I rush it out before she can interrupt me. She pulls her hand away from mines “You're fucking leaving me again?” she ask pissed off. I try reaching for her hand again but she slaps my hand away “I want you to come with me we can start-” 
     “I can't fucking get up and leave like you Jane. You're a fucking selfish bitch who only thinks about herself and no one else,” she stands to leave. “Sit down” I command. I hate talking down to her but she has never talked to me like this before. She rolls her eyes at me dismissing my command and walks pass me but I grab her arm. “Let go of me Jane” she tries pulling away from me. I'm stronger than her so I don't move. “Sam just listen to me and then you can leave okay” I beg. I need her to hear me out. “Fine but let go of me” she scowls. I let go and she takes her seat again. I pull my chair in front of hers to block her way. I don't want to risk her walking away. She cross her arms across her chest “Any day now”. I nod and start playing with my bracelet. I really miss my necklace I wonder where I lost it, it wasn't here because I turned this house upside down looking for it and didn't find it. 
    “Forget it I'm leaving” Sam snaps me out of my thoughts. I forgot how impatient she can be. “No I was just thinking where to start from but I got it now” I quickly say as I push her back down. She nods encouraging me to start talking. I decide to tell Sammy everything. From Gabe being a cop to how Mark played me this whole time. I even told her the story of the old couples and how that story on the radio was about me and him. “..and I told him I would go home with him” I finish. “Wow,” she let's out a small breath “now I understand everything. So your mysterious man in actually Gabe everything makes sense that's why you've change so much. So you're really going back to New York with him?”. I'm so glad she seems to understand me. “Yeah and I know it's selfish of me but I love him and when he is around I feel complete”.
     Gabe makes me feel so many things I can't even describe them all. She reaches for my hand “No it's not selfish. Selfish is me trying to keep you away from him he took a bullet for you for crying out loud and if that isn't love than I don't know what love is”. Leave it up to her to make me laugh when I just pour my whole heart out to her “You're so stupid”. She smiles at me “I'm glad that you're happy and before you leave I want to meet your prince charming it's not everyday you get to meet one”. I owe her that much besides I've been dying to introduce them. “Deal so you're not mad at me?” I ask. “Mmmm,” she moves her mouth to the side a habit she has when ever she is thinking about something “Na I'm not mad how can I be mad when you're doing it in the name of love?”. You have to love a hopeless romantic they always root for the happy ever after. I feel so relief that she understands me it really means a lot. “Thank you” I throw my arms around her for a hug. “Of course I love you silly always and forever” she pins me to her body. “Come with me” I say again. I would love to have her with me. “To New York?” she ask surprise like if I just ask her to marry me. I pull back to get a better view of her “Yea why not?”. I can tell she is really thinking it through. 
     She wants to go with me but there is something holding her back. “I can't leave my dad I'm the only thing he has left you know Jr. is never around. I can't break his heart”. I understand where she is coming from it kills me to leave her again. “Okay just know that if you ever need me or if you change your mind you can come stay with me” I say. “Okay” she smiles and hugs me again. I can only hope she'll change her mind. She deserves better than this we all do. “Go get ready” she pats me on the back. Ready? For what I don't have nothing plan for today. “For what?” I turn to face her. Did I forget some ones birthday? “To meet that crazy romantic man of yours” she winks. I should of known she wouldn't wait much longer. “Fine let's go get ready” I give in so easy because I'm dying to see Gabe. 
     First thing first I have to call Gabe. “Hey Muffin” he answers as I lay in bed.
    “Hey beautiful” I hear him laugh and my stomach flips.
“You know I actually missed hearing you call me that”. I bet he missed it as much as I missed him calling me Muffin.
      “Well you don't have to worry about that I'm going to be calling you beautiful for the rest of my life” I joke.
“Let's no get carry away now I don't know how much beautiful I can take before having a break down after all I'm a man, a strong man”.
     I laugh into the phone “Okay macho man the reason I'm calling is because I want to see you”. I should of said we want to see you but I leave that part out.
“Oh you do huh? I thought you was spending as much time with your family as you could. You can't stay away from all this hotness can you?”.
     I roll my eyes out of annoyance he can be so conceited even tho he is right I can't stay away from him but he doesn't have to know that. “Would you like to test that theory?” I tease. I know I can't stay away but I do love me a challenge. 
     “Hell no I can't stay away my damn self” he quickly answers causing me to laugh. I love knowing he feels the same way as I do.
“So how fast can you get ready?” I ask.
“Pss I'm already ready”.
“Okay meet me at the beach in 30 minutes and bring Logan with you”. He can keep Sammy company.
     “Really?” he ask surprise “I thought it was only me and you”. He has no idea what's in store for him. He might be a cop but he is the one who is going to be interrogated today.
“Trust me” is all I say.
“Okay see you in exactly 29 minutes with 59 seconds”. Leave it up to him to count the minutes and seconds. 
“Okay crazy beautiful man see you in 28 minutes” I hang up.
     I skip to my closet, yeah I said skipped like some kind of 5 years old, to look for something to wear. It takes me 10 minutes to get ready. I decided to wear a white long sundress that hugs my every curve, my hair is tie into a side pony tail, and white flip flops. I reach for my black sun hat which is bigger than life. “Okay Princess we don't have all day” Sam walks in wearing a short blue dress. “Wow you look like a movie star” she adds. “Do you think I should change?” maybe the hat is to much. “Na I love it” she interlocks her arm around mines “now let's go we have a date”. I smile and let her lead the way. 
     “Hey Princess” my dad greets me as we walk by the living room. “Hi daddy” I walk towards him to give him a hug it feels so good to have him back. “Where are you lovely ladies going?” he ask after kissing my forehead. “To the beach” I answer. He walks over to Sam and kisses her forehead “Sounds like fun” he reaches into his pocket and pulls out his keys “here take the car and the money”. I really don't need the money knowing Gabe like I do he will never let me pay for anything but I take it anyways. “Thank you dad” I give him another hug before leaving. “Aww where is my daddy?” Sam pouts. She is such a daddy girl even worst than I am. “You rang baby girl” my uncle walks in just in time. Was he hiding some where just waiting for her to ask? Sammy runs to hug him “I love you papi” she snuggles into his shirt. “Well me too” he says as he winks at me letting me know he loves me too. I wink back “Okay it's time to go”. I let go of my dad and pull on Sam's arm. “Be safe” they both call out after us. They are so much alike it's unbelievable. 
    “So which car are we taking today?” Sam ask from beside me. I know exactly what car we are taking but she doesn't I smirk to myself as I press the alarm button. “Oh hell to the fucking yes!” she shouts as we get into the lambo. “Promise me you'll be on your best behavior” I don't even know why I bother with her. “Ain't I always?” that's all she says letting me know that we are in big trouble. “God have mercy on me” I pry.
                                Chapter 21 Gabe
     “Why am I going again?” Logan ask yet again. I have no idea why Jane ask me to take him. I thought she wanted to spend some alone time with me but I guess she has other plans. “Who knows just get ready” I shout from the bathroom as I finish getting ready. “Bro I think she finally realizes it's me she wants. I can't blame her I am a better catch than you. Have you seen this eyes? Blue is way better than green” he says from the room. I can't help but laugh at my best friend he is something else. If it was any one else I would be kicking their ass right now but I know he is just messing with me besides everyone knows that green is better than blue. “Keep dreaming my girl is way to smart to fall for you” I spray some cologne on. I look in the mirror there isn't much I can do with my hair so I just finger comb it back. “I don't know about that  if she is with you” he shouts back. I walk out the bathroom “Ha ha funny” I punch him on his arm as I walk pass him. “Let's go” I reach for my keys. I haven't seen Jane in a few days and I need my fix. I slide my sun glasses on and walk out at this point I really don't care if Logan is behind me or not. “In a hurry aren't we?” he ask as he climbs into the car. “You have no idea” I drive off.
     It only takes me about 20 minutes to get to the beach which isn't bad at all usually it would take about half in hour if there is no traffic. “FYI I'm driving back I actually don't feel like dying today” Logan says from the passenger seat. “Shut up pussy” I throw him the keys while a laugh at him. I don't care if he drives back I was in a hurry to get here. Damn, I should of asked Jane where exactly we were going to meet up . I'm exactly on time which is a miracle considering Logan took for ever to get ready sometimes he can be worst than a girl. Jane should be here by now. “So where is she?” Logan ask as we get out the car. I shrug my shoulders “I have no idea we have to go look for her”. 
     I walk towards the beach with Logan right behind me. It's so fucking hot I don't know how people can live here it's to hot. I'm wearing a white V-neck shirt with cargo shorts and I feel like I'm dying. Maybe it's just the New Yorker in me but I can't deal. “Fuck this” Logan takes off his shirt and wraps it around his neck “it's too fucking hot”. I nod my head in agreement it is to fucking hot. “Isn't that her?” he points behind me. I turn my head and spot Jane with all her glory looking like an angel in white. 
     Wow what the fuck? I sound like some kind of poet or something. “Yeah that's her” I say out of breath because she literally takes my breath away. Okay I need to stop that. Jane is standing on the edge of the beach where the water connects with the sand. God I'm going to miss seeing her in those dresses. Don't get me wrong Jane looks good in anything she wears but this dress looks amazing on her. She isn't exposing any skin but the dress hugs her body just right. She is wearing this big black hat, that on any one else it would look ridiculous but on her looks classy. I take out my phone and start taking pictures of her like this. She looks so peaceful and content with her life I never seen her this relax. “Dude you're a fucking stalker” Logan says from beside me. I give him my middle finger as I put my phone away. “Hold this for me” I say as I take off my shoes and socks. I jog towards Jane who hasn't seen me coming because she is lost in her own thoughts. 
     Even the water is warm it reminds me of a Jacuzzi. I wrap my arms around her waist and she quickly turns to face me. “Hi beautiful” she smiles when she notice it's me. I laugh at her calling me beautiful. I've been call many things in my life like asshole, dick head, bastard, hot, sexy beast, mother fuc-, well I think you get the point but never beautiful. I kiss the side of her neck and her scent of coconut invades my nose “Hi Muffin”. She turns around and wraps her arms around my neck “Miss me?” she tilts her head back to get a better view of me. The way the sun is hitting her face makes her eyes look like honey. She has no idea how much I missed her. “A little bit” I lean in and brush my lips against her soft puffy lips. 
     As soon as our lips touch I feel all air leave my body. “A little bit huh?” she smirks as she sense the air around us change . I growl as she tries to pull away from me and pin her to my body. I run my tongue over her bottom lip and she opens up giving me exactly what I want. My hands run down her back and stops right on her cute little ass that fits perfectly in my hands. Her fingers instantly get tangles around my hair as she pulls my head down to deepen our kiss. 
     “Take off your cloths” a female yells from behind us. Jane pulls back cutting our kiss short “Oh god” she says mortified. I turn around and find Sammy staring at us with a smile from ear to ear. Oh shit did she follow her? I'm frozen in place I don't know what to do. I look behind Sammy and find Logan looking back at me with the same puzzle face as me. Jane pulls me to the shore “Sam this is Gabriel,” she motions to me “and Gabe this is Sammy my cousin”. I look at Jane as I extend my hand “Nice to meet you” it comes out more like a question than a statement. Jane gives me a small nod letting me know everything is fine. Sammy shakes my hand as her eyes roam all over my body “Yeah I get it now”. I raise my eyebrow at Jane who just shrugs her shoulders at me “Get what?” she ask.
     “Why you're in love with him. He is fucking hot” Sam blurts. I smile and run my hand through my hair feeling kind of out of place. I'm used to having girls complementing me but never in front of my girlfriend. “Well thank you” I say. Jane back slaps me on my stomach “Conceited” she looks behind Sam and sees Logan. “Logan!,” she runs towards him and gives him a hug “thank you for coming”. Now I understand why she wanted him to come along. “Thank you for inviting me” he winks at me. To any one else it looks like a simple wink but to me he is letting me know that she wants him. I walk over to them and clear my throat “I'm not a fan of watching my girl hugging my shirtless friend”. Jane pulls back and stares at his bare chest “Why aren't you wearing a shirt?” she looks at him confirming what I just said. “The better question is why are you guys still wearing cloths we are at the beach for crying out loud” he smirks. Jane gives him a back hand slaps “Same old Logan”. She steps back into my arms “Logan this is Sammy,” she points at her “and this is Logan” she points at him. 
     Logan and Sammy check each other out from head to toe with out no shame. Sammy let's out a small whistle as her eyes roam Logan's body “Seriously do all men in New York look like this?” she motions to me and Logan “because if that's the case then I'm packing my shit up and leaving with you”. I like her she says exactly what's on her mind just like Jane. We all laugh at her “And they are the ugly ones” Jane jokes. I tighten my hold around her small waist as I nuzzle my nose behind her neck “So I'm ugly huh?”. She giggles as she rubs her ass against me causing my cock to spring into action “I'm sorry to tell you this but I seen better”. I laugh at her she is such a bad lair. I nibble on her earlobe and I feel her knees go weak. 
     “Oh god are they always like this?” Sam ask Logan. “All the damn time” Logan answers shaking his head. I forgot they were even here. “Sorry” Jane tries pulling away from me but I don't let her. One because I want her close to me and two because I need her to cover up the tent I have in my shorts. “Nice to meet you” Sammy extends her hand towards Logan who brings it up to his mouth “The pleasure is all mine” he winks as he brings his lips down on her. I can't help but to chuckle at  Logan for acting like a gentleman. “Are all the women in your family as beautiful as you two?” he smirks. Jane let's out a small laugh while Sammy blushes “Well since we are the only women left in our family the answer would be yes”. I lean down and kiss Jane on the side of her neck she smells so good. “Do you want to go for a walk?” she ask. I thought she would never ask “Hell yeah”. She smiles and looks at Sam “We're going for a walk we'll be back”. I'm so thankful she didn't invited them. “Okay remember having sex on the beach is illegal” Sam says with a smirk on her face. Jane shakes her head and tugs on my hand “Shut up brat”. Sammy and Logan both bust out laughing and I'm trying my best not to join them. 
     “You look beautiful” I tuck her under my arm where she fits perfectly. “Even with this big as hat?” she smiles up at me. “Especially with that big as hat” I tap it to the side to get a better view of her. She wraps her small arm around my waist and I feel on top of the world having her next to me. “I've missed you” she say as we walk. “I've missed you too” I kiss the top of her hat. The sand underneath our feet is warm and soft. Every step we take we leave our footprints behind until the water comes in and washes them away. If only life could be that easy and we could erase all the mistakes we have made just by throwing water on them. On the other hand if we don't make mistakes than how would we learn? Thanks to all the mistakes I've made with girls I know how to appreciate Jane. I feel Jane stop besides me and I turn to face her “Is everything alright?”. She takes off her hat and lifts her head “Yeah”. I wrap her hair around my finger as I play with it I love this look on her. She looks beautiful with out even trying. “You're so beautiful” I say out loud. 
     “Really?” she stands on her toes as she wraps her arms around my neck “On a scale of 1 to 10?” she ask brushing my lips with hers. I wrap my arm around her waist. “Mmm,” I hum against her lips “a rough 2” I lie. To me Jane is the most beautiful person I have ever met inside and out. She tugs on my hair causing my head to tilt back. I kind of like this ruff side of hers. “A rough 2 huh?” she rubs her breast against my chest. I know she can feel how hard I am. “Bad boy we're in public” she tsk as she feels my cock against her belly. I cup her ass to lift her up. Her cheeks turn red as she bites down on her lips. I love seeing her blush she gets so red. 
     “Come here bad boy” she pulls me in for a kiss. As soon as our lips touch I pull on her bottom lip and thrust my tongue inside not waiting for her to open up. She always taste like mint and chocolate it's a weird combination but it's my favorite. I love this woman with everything I am. She pulls back to catch some air and I'm so thankful she did because I wouldn't pull away. I would kiss her until I run out of breath and die a happy man. “I think this would look way better on you than it does on me” she brush my hair back and place her hat on me. I'm man enough to wear this hat in public and she knows it. “I strongly agree it totally looks way better on me” I say in my best girl voice but I end up sounding like a complete ass.  
     “You think so?” she runs her little finger up my chest causing my cock to twitch. All I can think about is her tongue on my body doing wicked things. “Yeah” I say out of breath. “Well,” she leans in “I don't” she shoves me. I stumble back as she runs away laughing. “That's cheating” I shout after her. It only takes me a few steps to catch up to her. I wrap my arm around her waist from behind her and lift her up in the air. “Put me down you big ape” she laughs as I spin her around. I lose my balance and I quickly spin us around so I can hit the sand instead of Jane. My shirt and short instantly get wet and the water makes me cringe. “See,” Jane laughs “that's what you get”. I arch my eyebrow at her “Oh you think this is funny?”. She is laughing so hard she can't even talk before she can even catch her breath I roll over. “Asshole!” she yells as she hits the water. Now it's my turn to laugh at her. “I'm wearing white” she slaps my shoulder trying to push me off. “I'm wearing white also” I lean in to give her a small kiss.
     Our bodies are wet and rubbing against each other. I can see her nipples and her lace underwear through her dress. I can see everything. Oh god I can see everything! Now I get her comment of wearing white. “Oh god you're wearing white” I quickly stand and extend my hand to help her up. Now that Jane is standing I get a better view of everything. Her dress is fully wet and clingy to her body like a second skin. My cock is so hard right now seeing her all wet and sexy in front of me. “Fuck me” I whisper as I take her in from head to toe. Jane puts her hand on her hips and tilts her head to the side “Told you I was wearing white”. I quickly look around ready to hit the first bastard I catch staring at my girl. Luckily I find no one staring at her. I need to find a towel or something to cover her up. I don't like the idea of anyone looking at her. “Here take my shirt” I quickly take off my shirt to hand it to her. “Umm you're wearing white” she smirks at me. “Fuck” I growl making her laugh “What's funny?” I ask a little annoyed. I don't find none of this funny. “Relax we're on the beach everyone is wearing their bathing suite anyways” she says like if it's no big deal. I know she is right but I still don't like it one bit. “Beside that's what you get for getting me wet” she winks. I pull her into my arms “Maybe we should take advantage of how wet you are” I whisper. She knows exactly what I mean because her cheeks start turning red. “Cum on you know you want to” I shift my waist so she can feel my cock. 
     “You're an asshole” she says as she bites down on her lip. “That's nothing new” I crash my lips against hers. If I can't take her body than I'll take her mouth. I've never been the kind of guy to show affection but with Jane I can't stop. 
     “You guys are so cute that you're actually disgusting” Sammy yells from behind us. Jane pulls back and frowns “Shut up”. I quickly turn to face Logan who is staring at Jane. I clear my throat to catch his attention at this point I'm ready to punch him in his face. He shifts his eyes to meet mines and I swear if I could kill him with my eyes he would be dead by now. “Wow what happen to you?” Sam ask Jane. 
     “Some one thought it would be funny to get me wet but turns out jokes on them” Jane answers with humor in her voice. I feel Sammy's eye on me but I'm to busy sending death stares at Logan. “Relax” Logan says with his eyes. “I'll kill you in your sleep” I threat him with my eyes. “I know” he replies. “Well there is only one thing we can do” Sammy interrupts our silent conversation. From the corner of my eyes I see Sammy reaching for the rim of her dress and in one quick movement lifts it off her head. Before I can even process what's going on Jane is doing the same thing. “Oh hell no” I turn to her. “Relax dad” Sam rolls her eyes at me like a little girl dismissing her father. “Yeah live a little grandpa” Jane says as her dress hits my face. I can't even react all I can do is watch her run towards the water in her bra and pantie. I feel like I'm in some kind of Victoria Secret commercial. “Wow” Logan says under his breath reminding me he was even here. I back slap him against his chest with out taking my eyes off Jane “Stop staring”. 
     Jane and Sammy are laughing as they splash water at each other. They look like little girls as they enjoy themselves. Jane is always stressing over everything that it's rare seeing her carefree. “They are really two beautiful girls” Logan says. I turn to face him because I know where this is going “Don't even think about it” I warn him. 
     I need for Jane and Logan to get along because I want them both in my life. They both mean a lot to me and it would make my life a living hell if they don't get along. I won't let him fuck this up by fucking Sammy over. “What?” he raise his eyebrow at me. “You know what not her she has it rough enough with out you fucking with her head” I say. I know Logan isn't a bad guy but he isn't boyfriend material either. “For your information I wasn't thinking what you think I was, but nice to know what you think of me” he runs his hand through his hair and walks away. 
     Wow where the hell did that come from? Some one is on their man period lately. He isn't the type of person who gives a fuck what people think of him something is wrong. I feel like a douch bag for bringing him down. I take a last look at Jane and then back to Logan. Damn do I stay and enjoy this beautiful view or do I go after my best friend? I need to go talk to him. “Bro,” I call after him “I'm sorry who am I to tell you anything” I say as I catch up to him. He is a grown man and he knows what he is doing. He tucks his hands in front of his pockets “No you're right I am an asshole but believe me I wasn't thinking of doing nothing with Sammy I like her she deserves better than me or that asshole of a boyfriend she has”. 
     I agree she do deserve better than that asshole of a boyfriend she has but I don't agree with what he said about himself. Logan is a great guy, and I'm not saying that just because he is my best friend, all he needs is to find the right girl to bring it out of him. Sammy might be the right girl for this job but there is to much at risk if it doesn't work. Why am I even worrying about his love life? “Come on let's go buy towels for the girls” I shove his shoulder. I'm sure that when he is ready to tell me what's going on he will. 
                            Chapter 22 Jane
     There is something about being surrounded by water that brings peace to me. I love feeling the sun on my skin while floating around feeling weightless. When I'm in the water there is nothing that can bother me every thing around me disappears. I think that in another life I was probably a mermaid. “S tower!” Sammy yells as she jumps on top of me. Water invades my nose as the only air I have leaves my lungs “Sammy” I yell as I come up for some air. “You rang” she pops up in front of me with a smile. I wrap my legs around her waist and my arms around her neck before she can turn around to face me. “So what do you think of Gabe?” I ask dying to know. I hope she approves of him I really want them to get along. “He is hot and so is Logan” she says. Of course that's the first thing she'll notice about them. I have to admit it's the first thing I thought also. “And I like him” she adds. “You like Logan?” I let go of her and spin myself around to face her. 
     I can see what she sees in Logan he is hot. If I would of met him before Gabe who knows what would of happen but I'm thankful I met Gabe first. If you ask me Logan is a million times better than Raul. “No, yes, I mean I like him as a friend. I was talking about Gabe I like him for you and I can tell how much he loves you just by the way he stares at you” she says. 
     I turn my head around and to my surprise find Gabe staring at me “Yeah I love him too” I can't fight my smile. I feel butterflies in my stomach as I drink him in. The way his wet shirt clings to his body exposing every little line of his 6 pack, his wet hair hanging down his face, god he looks fucking hot. “I know” Sam agrees and I hear sadness in her voice. I break eye contact with Gabe and turn my attention back to Sam “What's wrong?”. She stares at me with her sad puppy eyes “Nothing let's get out of the water lover boy is waiting for you” she hops on my back. Well I guess I'm the horse this time. I start to swim back to the shore with her on my back. 
     “Oh my god Sammy lay off the pizza” I say as I get closer to land. Everyone is lighter in the water but once you're out of the water it seems like you are double your weight.  “Oh shut up and giddy up” she slaps me on the ass. As soon as I step one foot on the sand my legs give up on me “Timber!” Sam yells as my face hits the sand.
      “Ouch” I moan as I flip over throwing Sam off me. “I'm sorry maybe I should lay off a slice or two” she laughs. “How about pizza in general” I say. Sammy gives me a look and we both start laughing out loud there is no way she'll give up pizza she loves it as much as I do. All of a sudden a shadow falls over me causing me to open my eyes to find Gabe standing above me. The first thing I notice is the tent inside of his shorts. I tilt my head to the side “Hello beautiful” I wink letting him know I notice our friend. His hair moves side to side as he shakes his head “Here babe I got you a towel” he extends his hand to help me up. Where did he get a towel? I look around trying to find a store or some one selling them. “We bought them from some guys” he answers. 
     From the corner of my eye I see Logan helping Sammy up. They actually make a cute couple maybe I should give them a little push. “Yeah they cost us 50 bucks” Logan adds. “What? You payed 50 dollars for some one's else towel?” I ask shock. He is crazy. “You should of just let us in our underwear” Sam adds. Gabe chuckles from beside me “Yeah I don't think so”. I try not to laugh but I can't. I think it's funny that Gabe, the most confident man I have ever met, gets jealous over me.  I feel proud that I can make him feel like that. “You're to cute” I blurt out. He gives me his limp sided smirk “I've been told”.
     I throw my elbow back and hit him right in the stomach. It hurts me more than it hurt him. I hate hearing his experience with other women. I hate knowing that some slut called him cute before me. “Wow” he wraps his arms around my waist keeping me in place “Don't tell me you're jealous Muffin?” he whispers just for me to hear. I have to fight the urge to lay my head on his shoulder “Me jealous? Yeah right”. I won't admit that I'm jealous of some one I don't even know. How ridiculous does that sound? “Good,” he pins me to his body “because you're the only one that matters to me anyways”. And with that any insecurity I had just jump out the window. I feel so stupid getting jealous over some one I don't know and some one that doesn't matter. I spin around and wrap my arms around his neck “Yea I know”. He nuzzle his nose against mine “You're cute when you're jealous”. I close my eyes and enjoy having him this close to me the fact that I'm only wearing a towel isn't helping my case. All I want to do is rub myself against him like a cat cradles your leg. “Not jealous” I whisper. “Really?” he wraps his arm around my waist. My eyes fly open to be greeted by those green eyes that rock me to the core. 
     “Okay you guys have to stop before I get pregnant just by watching you” Sammy snaps. See that's what I mean every time I'm around Gabe he makes everything and everyone disappear.  
     “Sorry, Jane drives me crazy” Gabe says making me blush. I don't know why but all of a sudden I feel expose just wearing my underwear, which happens to be very wet. “May I have my dress?” I turn back to Gabe. “Only if I can get a kiss first” he mocks. Logan and Sam chuckles from behind me. “Fine” I pull him by his shirt and give him a small peck. I pull back but he cups the back of my neck to keep me in place. He pulls on my bottom lip and I open my mouth to invite him in. I moan as I feel his tongue rub the top of my mouth. The ruff material of the towel rubs against my sensitive nipples cause me to wimp. I can picture his tongue tracing my body all over. My panties are so wet and it's not because of the water. 
     Gabe pulls back “If you keep kissing me like that you can have any dress you want”. I let out a small laugh “I'll remember that for later”. I snatch my dress out of his hand and turn to Sam “Let's go get change”. I grab her hand and walked to the bathroom. I need to get some space before I end up humping Gabe in front of everyone. Thank god my dress is fully dried by now but my underwear is still soaking wet. Why didn't I think of bringing extra cloths? 
     “Well there is only one thing to do” Sam says obviously thinking the same thing I was. “What?” I turn to look at her. She drops her towel and starts taking off her underwear “Go commando”. She wouldn't dare or would she? Of course she would it's Sammy we're talking about she is a daredevil. “What?” she ask as I stare at her in disbelief. “You're crazy” I laugh as she puts on her dress without any undergarments. “Well I guess that makes two of us” she says as she unties her hair. “Oh no,” I tighten my hold on my towel “I'm not doing it” I shake my head refusing to follow her. There is no way I'm going commando wearing a white dress. It's white for crying out loud! “Well unless you're going to wear just that towel for dinner you're going to have too” she mocks making a good as point. 
     I'm going to have to wear the dress with out the underwear. “Fine” I give in finding no other option. I change into my dress with out my underwear and let my hair loose around me to cover up my boobs. “Look at you looking like a sex goddess” Sam catcalls. I feel my cheeks burning up with embarrassment “Shut up”. I wrap my cloth inside the towel. “Some one is going to have a dickattack” she flicks my nipple which is harder than a rock. “Stop that” I cover my chest with my arm. Oh god now every one is going to see how turned on I'm. “Come on let's go” she pulls me towards the door before I regret it. 
     Logan and Gabe are waiting for us outside but they are both facing the ocean deep in conversation. I take a moment to take Gabe's lean 5'8 frame, his broad shoulders, it looks like he has been working out, his dark long hair that drives me crazy. I need to stop before my dress gets wet again. Sammy clears her throat from besides me catching Logan's and Gabe's attention. “About time” Logan says. Gabe is just staring at me, well at my nipples that some how feel harder under his stare. “You look amazing” his voice comes out thick with desire. “It's the same dress” I remind him feeling hot and bother. He takes a step forward and wraps his arm around my waist “I know but it looks way better now” he says as he puts my hat back on me. The fact that he still has my hat makes me smile if it was some one else they probably would of lost it by now. “Thank you” I smile up at him. “Please tell me you're wearing something underneath this” he whispers only for me hear him. I rise into my toes and whisper into his ear “No”. He throws his head back and growls “You're killing me”. I can't help but to laugh at his frustration at least I know I'm not the only one suffering. My stomach growls reminding me that I haven't had nothing to eat since this morning. “Let's go before these two start touching each other again” Sam pulls me away from Gabe. 
     “Okay we'll walk you girls to your car” Logan says. Gabe pulls me out of Sam's arm and drags his hand over my shoulder. I feel like these two are playing tug a Jane. Logan and Sam joke around while I just enjoy having Gabe next to me. Everything feels right in the world when I'm next to Gabe. We don't even have to talk just having him next to me makes me happy.
     “Holly shit” Logan says causing all of us to stop. I quickly look around the parking lot trying to find Raul or Mark but thank got neither of them are here. I hate the fact that the first thing that came to mind was them. “Look at this beauty” he says. I roll my eyes feeling relief that we didn't get caught it would be a shame to get caught so close to the end. I turn towards Logan to see the beauty he is talking about. I have to bite back my laughter when I see him next to my car. “Well hello beautiful what brings you around here?” he says to the car as he slides his hand on the car's roof. 
     He is caressing it like if it was a delicate flower. I don't know if I should laugh or if I should be worried. I look over to Sam who is fighting her own laughter. I hope she doesn't laugh because if she does I'm not going to be able to stop myself from joining her. I turn to my left to ask Gabe if I should be worried but find no one standing there. I look around and find Gabe next to Logan feeling on the car.  “Wow she is beautiful” Gabe says as he eyes the car. “She is gorgeous just look in the inside” Logan says. They both look through the window and let out a small whistle. “Who ever is the owner of this baby is one lucky bastard” Gabe adds. If they only knew that I'm the lucky bastard. I look over to Sam and we both break out in laughter at the same time. 
     “What do they know about cars? All they care about is that stuff they put on their face and if they break a nail” Logan smirks and Gabe agrees. His comment makes us laugh even harder they're in for a big surprise. I wait until they both are looking through the window again to press the alarm. They both jump back and look around the parking lot for the owner. The doors fly open and they both take the opportunity to glance inside. I clear my throat and they both turn to face us “Excuse us,” I walk pass them I can't help the grin on my face as we get inside the car. “What do we know about cars we're just girls” I flip my hair over my shoulder and drive off leaving them with their mouths wide open.
                                Chapter 23 Gabe
     Jane looks amazing. How can a dress look so good? My cock is so hard right now just by knowing that Jane is sitting next to me with nothing on but that dress. Her nipples are crying out for my attention and believe me they have it. “Are you excited to go back home?” Logan ask her. She starts playing with her bracelet. I don't even think she realizes she is doing it. She is nervous about something. She used to do the same thing with her necklace when there was something on her mind. Why is she nervous? “Yeah I'm excited to see Sophia and Liam I just wish Sam would come with me” she say. I should of known it was that. 
     The few times I've seen them together I can tell that they are really close. If it was up to me I'll kidnap Sam and bring her with us just to make Jane happy but I can't do that. I believe in something call freedom call me crazy. I hate that Jane has to pick between Sam and I. I know how much she really loves that girl. I reach for her hand and give her a little squeeze reassuring her everything is going to be fine. She gives me a small smile but I can see the sadness in her eyes. I feel my chest tighten up making it harder for me to breath. Maybe kidnapping her isn't such a bad idea I mean how much years can I get? 
    “I've already told you I'll go down to visit you silly” Sam says as she folds and unfolds her napkin avoiding eye contact with any one. I know she is lying because she is doing the same thing Jane does when she is lying I guess it's a family trait. “Well when you do make sure to hit me up so I can show you around the town” Logan says trying to break the tension in the air. Sam lifts up head and smiles at him “Will do”. The waiter comes with our food and we all jump right in. We talked a little about everything. Jane shared some stories of when her and Sam where younger that had us all laughing. Logan shared some of our embarrassing stories as well. 
     Jane is excited to see Sophia and so am I, even if she is a pain in my ass. I feel like a bad older brother. After I got shot she spend all her free time by my side making sure I was recovering. Sometimes I feel like it's my fault that her and Jake broke up. She was spending so much time taking care of me that she barley had time to hang out with him. I've asked her if I was the real reason they broke up but she would insist that it was because she wasn't that into him. “So what are we doing next?” Logan ask after we finished our dinner. “Well I'm sorry guys but I have to get going” Sam says with a sad smile. 
     I know it's time for them to get going but I don't want Jane to leave. Jane looks so beautiful with her hair dried up, puffy all around her and wearing no make up she looks natural. The only time I've seen her like this is when I used to wake up to her in the mornings. She thinks that she looks like a clown with her red hair every where but I love it. “I don't want to leave” Jane pouts. She looks so adorable with her bottom lip out I just want to suck on it. “You can stay if you want to prima” Sam insist but knowing Jane like I do I know she won't let her leave alone. “No, we came together so we're leaving together” Jane turns towards me “you don't mind right babe?”. Of course I mind but it's not like I'm going to tell her that. “Not at all Muffin” I kissed the back of her hand causing her to smile. 
     “Muffin?” Sam bust out laughing besides Logan. “Oh shut up” Jane throws her napkin at Sam. “I've got to hear the story behind this” Sam laughs at her. “I agree” Logan agrees with out missing a beat. “Well ask Gabe he was the one that gave it to me” Jane turns the attention towards me. Way to go Jane way to go. There is no way I'm telling them the real reason of why I call Jane Muffin. She doesn't even know the real reason. She thinks it's because she wouldn't share her muffin with me but the truth is that I knew she was going to taste as good or even better than that muffin. And man was I right. “Sorry but not saying” I smirk gaining a stank face from all of them. “Boo you're no fun” Sam boos. 
     “Come on we'll walk you back to your car” I stand up and pull Jane's chair back to help her up. “Always a gentleman” she stands up as I run my hand down her back until I reach her ass. “Not always” I growl into her ear as I give her a little squeeze. “Play nice” she whispers only for me to hear. She tries walking away from me but I pull her into my body. She gasp as she feels my hard cock against her back. I've been hard all day and I want her to feel what she does to me. I know I affect her the same way she does me. “I'm trying” I say. 
     “Hello sexy we meet again” Logan says to the car. I won't lie this car is beautiful but I'm not walking away from a half naked Jane. “Well I didn't know this car was a guy magnet” Jane says as she laughs at Logan. “Oh,” I turn her around to face me “I didn't know you were looking for a guy” I raise my eyebrow at her. She wraps her arms around my neck “Mm I'm not I've already have some one”. I grab a piece of her hair and twirl it around my finger “That's good to hear”. She looks up through her long eyelashes and that's all I needed to crash my lips against her. I kiss her like if it was the last time. I'm not going to see her again until the day we leave. 
     “See you soon” I say as I pull back. She runs her hand through my hair every time she does that I feel like a dog who's getting rub behind his ear “Very soon” she smiles. “In five days” I say to make sure she is still on board. “Okay” she gives me a small peck on the lips. “Okay” I return the peck but I don't unwrap my arm from around her. I don't want her to leave just yet. I sound like such a girl. I swear if the old me was here right now he would kick my ass for being such a wuss. She tries pulling away but I don't budge “Babe it's getting late” she sounds annoy but her eyes gives her away. 
     One thing I love about her is that I can always read the mood she is in just by looking in her eyes. “I don't want to” I pout like a little kid who doesn't want to take a shower. “I know babe but it's only 5 days and than you're going to get tired of having me around” she jokes. I will never get tired of having her around if anything she'll be the one that gets tired of me. “I'm looking forward to that” I pull her in for one last kiss. I kiss her so hard that she will be feeling my lips on hers for the rest of the week. “Wow” she says out of breath. “Yeah I know” I give her my best smirk. “Asshole” she back hand slaps my chest. “Okay we need to go” Sam jumps in looking a little impatience to leave. I wonder why she is in such a hurry? “Coming” Jane rolls her eyes at her. I run my hand up her back and I feel her shiver under my touch “Not yet but you will soon” I say. My cock is ready to come out and show her what he can do. She feels so good in my arms I don't know if I can let her leave. “Five days” she whispers. I don't know if she is trying to remind me or herself. “Five days” I repeat as I kiss her forehead. She pulls away and this time I let her.
     Sammy walks over to me as Jane walks over to Logan. “It was really nice meeting you Gabe,” her smile drops “take care of my girl if you hurt her in anyway I will come down and kick your ass and I don't care if you're a cop” she waits for my reaction. Funny enough I have nothing to say to her. I like her she is so sassy. There is so much of Jane in here and I don't even think they know it. “It was a pleasure meeting you as well and I promise to keep her safe from everything” I extend my hand to shake hers. “I know you will but don't forget to protect her heart the most” she shakes my hand and when she turns to walk away I tighten my hold on her hand. She turns towards me with with a what the hell are you doing look? “Sammy if you change your mind about moving to New York or even if you need something like some to talk to or some one to come rescue you, you can count on me”. I know that she would love to come with us to New York but there is something holding her back. Her eyes start to get watery but she quickly recovers her posture. I have to stop myself from smiling she is just like Jane. They are two stubborn as women. “Thank you I'll keep that in mind” she takes me by surprises when she pulls me in for a hug. I hope she changes her mind she deserve so much better than all of this. Under her bad ass mask there is a sweet and loving girl.    
     “Bye Gabe take care” she pats my back and walks away. “You too” I say. Jane is already in the car and by the way she is looking at me I'll say she saw our conversation. “Thank you” she mouths as she blows me a kiss. I give her a small nod and blow her a kiss as she drives off. 
     “Do I get one too?” Logan mocks from behind me. I knew he was going to give me shit but I got something for him. “Why blow it when I can just give it?” I turn around to face him. Logan and I always tease each other until one of us gives up or throws a punch. “I got something you can blow” he smirks. I punch him on his arm since I don't have a comeback   “Fuck off let's go”. I still have to go back to the hotel room and start packing some stuff up. I don't want to leave everything until the last minute. 
     “After seeing Jane's baby I don't even want to get into this one I feel ugly just getting inside” Logan says. He is acting like such a pretty boy. We are driving a Ferrari for crying out loud and to make matters worst he was the one who picked it out. “You can always walk” I tease. He breaks out into laughter “Yeah right”.
     Even tho I didn't get alone time with Jane how I wanted to I still had a good time. I've noticed that Sammy and Logan really hit it off. I still feel like an asshole fro calling Logan out. “So what did you think about Sammy?” I ask trying to sound casual. “She's great” he gives me a short answer. I guess I have to push him into talking to me. “Yeah and pretty” I throw in, trying to see what he really thinks. “Yeah she is beautiful but yet again that runs in her family” he says trying to steer the conversation away. I know what he is trying to do but I'm not having it. “Yeah it does I hope she changes her mind and decided to move down”. I watch him from the corner of my eye trying to catch a reaction. Nothing. I guess I read to much into the situation but if he didn't think nothing of her than that means there is something very wrong with him. 
     He can't resist a pretty face especially one with the mouth Sammy has. He likes the sassy ones. “Hopefully, I like her” he finally says. There he finally said it but something is wrong. “So you do like her?” I ask again. 
     “Yeah like a friend and only a friend. You were right she has it ruff” he says and that was the end of that conversation. Out of all the years I known Logan I never herd him say he likes a girl as a friend and nothing else. Okay there is Sophia but she doesn't count. “So what did you find out about Jane's birth certificates?” Logan ask. I forgot to fill him in. “Well I got the real birth certificate but when they ran their names nothing came up so I am going to have to take a look at that when I get back” I say. I don't understand why nothing came up that has never happen before. “You think some one hack into the files and delete their information?” he ask. There is no way some one can delete some ones information from the system once it's in there, it's in there for good but you can hide it. “No, I know it's there some where I just need to find it” I say as he pulls up to the hotel. I have to find out who is trying to hide Jane's file and why. 
     There has to be something on that file that some one wants to keep a secret but what? Maybe someone in the office is playing double agent and is planning to use that information some how. After all not every one knows who is Jane's father and as far as I know no one knows El Rey had a daughter. So many questions and no answers. I need a drink.  Logan's phone rings “I'll catch up to you in a sec” he says as I walk inside the hotel. I wave a hand in the air dismissing him and walk straight to the bar.
                                  Chapter 24 Jane
     “Hey baby where were you all day?” Raul ask Sam as soon as we arrived. I should of known this was her hurry to get home. The whole ride home she was lost in her thoughts I try making conversation with her but she wasn't having it. I wonder what she was thinking about? “Out with Jane” she answers dryly. This is new I've never seen her act like that towards him before. He looks over to me and eyes me from head to toe it feels like a million of bugs are crawling over me it takes all I have not to shiver under his stare. “Nice to see you Jane” he licks his lips. For the first time today I actually feel naked the way he is staring at me makes me sick to my stomach. I need to get away from him. “Wish I could say the same,” I walked pass him “actually I don't” I correct myself as I climb up the stairs. Sammy shakes her head in disapproval but I really don't care. I'm not going to pretend to like him because I know she wouldn't either. Raul chuckles behind me and it takes all my strength not to turn around and kick him in his balls. 
     Just a few more days and I will never have to see him again. I can't wait to get back to my life where I wake up to Gabe. Now that I think about it I'm going to have to look for a new job since my old boss turned out to be a fucking madman. I hope Sophia hasn't rented my room out because than I would have to look for a place to live. If she did it's totally understandable I've been gone for a few months. I wonder how she has been coming up with my side of the rent. I'll just figure it all out when I get back right now all I want is to take a shower. I need to get rid of this sand in my hair and in my butt. I reach for my robe and hit the shower.
     After making sure I wash every last bit of sand off me I finally hop out the shower. My lips are still swollen due to Gabe's kiss I can still feel his lips against mine. I run my fingers down my lips picturing his. Just a few more days and all of this is over. I hear my room door open and close again it must be Sammy. She is probably going to ride me about Raul. “I'll be out in a sec Sam” I yell as I comb my hair. I tie my stash around my robe to make sure I don't flash Sammy. “Okay what's up?” I walk into my room. 
     I feel the little hairs on the back of my neck stand up as I see Mark standing there instead of Sam. What in the world is he doing in my room? He knows damn well he isn't allowed in here. He hasn't step one foot in here since the day he dragged me downstairs. I personality made sure my dad made it clear to him. “What the hell are you doing in here?” I tighten the robe around me. He is standing right in front of the door so even if I tried running I wouldn't be able to pass him. I could go back to the bathroom but that would give me no place to run. “I herd you're leaving to New York” he sounds devastated. “What the hell is it to you? Get the fuck out!” I yell. Why the hell does he care if I'm leaving and how the hell did he find out? 
     I search around the room looking for something I can use as a weapon to defend myself and that's when I notice the door isn't lock. I have to find a way to move Mark away from the door and then make a run for it. Mark follows my stare of line until he notice the same thing I did “I just want to talk” he says as he locks it. My heart starts to pound louder than before. He wouldn't try to do anything to me knowing that my father is under the same roof would he? “Then why did you lock the door?” I step back carefully. I need to put more distance between us just in case I have to run for my life. “Because I know you would run” he leans back into the door. I feel bats in my stomach and my hands are sweating. Why didn't I lock my damn door in the first place? My knuckles are turning white due to how hard I'm holding onto my robe I really need to get dress. “Fine but can I get dress first?” I ask with an attitude. I know giving him attitude isn't going to help my case but come on I'm doing the best I can. His eyes pop out as if he just realized I'm wearing nothing but a robe “Sure”. 
     I walk to my closet and grab the first thing I touch, which happens to be Gabe's black shirt and yoga pants. I don't even bother with a bra or underwear I just want to get dress. Besides the shirt fits big enough to cover my body shape and it gives me room to move around freely if I need to. I wrap my hair up in a bun just in case I need to kick his ass. Mark is still standing in the same spot where I left him. “What do you want to talk about?” I walk over to sit on my bed but I can't get comfortable so I sit on the rocking chair instead. “Why him?” he ask so bluntly. My heart drops to my stomach does he know Gabe is alive? Oh god if he knows about Gabe that means my dad knows and if my dad knows... “What did you see in him that you can't see in me?” he ask more specifically. He said did, as in past tense, so he doesn't know he is alive. I take in a big breath trying to calm myself down “Mark I don't want to get into this right now”. 
     This conversation is pointless just like every other conversation we've had so far. “I need to know Jane” he yells causing me to flinch. Who the hell does he think he is talking to like that? I've been trying to keep my calm but if he wants to be disrespectful than two can play that game. “First off watch the way you talk to me,” I stand just in case he comes at me I can get a better hit. “I'm sorry” he says softly “I just want to know”. I can't help but to feel bad for this poor hopeless man. If I can help him move on by simply answering his questions than I'll tell him. I need him to get over that ridiculous idea of him being in love with me. “Mark,” I let out a small breath out of frustration “I wish I can tell you but I can't because I don't know how it happen it just did”. Isn't that the truth. God knows that I tried my best not to like him but it happen anyways. 
     “But maybe now that he is dead you can give me a chance” he walks towards me. I try my best not to laugh at how ridiculous that sounds. Even if Gabe was dead I would never fall for the man that killed him. I walk over to the window to put more space in between us. I stare out the window at the beautiful view before me. It's funny how different the view looks now since the first time I saw it. But yet again it's not the view that change is me who looks at things differently now. “Mark it doesn't matter if he isn't here my feeling towards him don't change” I say which is true. My feelings for Gabe don't change no matter where we are. “Plus I only see you as a friend, well I did” I clarified. 
     I know it's a little harsh but he needs to hear the truth. He needs to know what he destroyed by betraying me. “Do you think you can forgive me with time?” he whisper so low I barley heard him. “I wish I can forgive you but I don't know” I answer truthfully. Even tho technically he didn't kill Gabe he still tried to and that is something I don't know if I can forgive. I can't forget the pain I was in thinking he was dead. Mark might of thought he killed Gabe but in reality he killed me. I need to ask him the one question that I've been dying to ask. I turn to face him “Why did you pull the trigger?”. 
     He already had me we could of gotten away with out him shooting Gabe. He runs his hand through his hair “Do you know how hard it was for me to see you with him? To watch you fall for him? To watch how he made you smile just by being around you? To see him touching you or kissing you when ever he wanted too?” his voice cracks “When it should of been me? I met you first Jane. Yes I know that it wasn't in the best circumstances but I still met you first. I was the first one to lay eyes on you. I was the first one to see how brave, strong, and beautiful you were even with all the crying you still was the most beautiful girl I've ever seen”. 
     I can't help but laugh as I remember how crazy I must of seem that day. “For weeks I looked after you Jane to make sure you were safe but I also saw how you slipped out of my hands into his. Damn Jane I wanted to be the guy you fell in love with, I wanted to be the one you snuggled with every night, the one you woke up to every morning, I wanted to be the reason your eyes light up but no he came and took that away from me” he spits with so much hatred. 
    How didn't I see what was going on? I was so caught up in my own drama that I didn't realized what was right under my nose. Did I lead him on? Did I ever give him a reason to believed that I wanted more than his friendship? My eyes are burning with tears that I'm fighting back it hurts to hear him say all of these things. “I did it because I was jealous,” he reach for my arm and I let him pull me into him. He needs this he needs closure to move on that's the least I can do for him. “I wasn't in a good state of mind I swear if I can go back in time I would do things differently” he says with tears in his eyes, with actual tears “I really am sorry Jane for everything” he pulls me in for a hug. For the first time I believe he truly means it. It pains me to see him in so much pain. “I accept your apologize” I wrap my arms around him.
    He isn't the only one that needs closure I need it too. I've never really got the chance to say goodbye to my friend. The guy that greeted me on the airplane, the one that gave me a job. He pulls back pushing me at arms length to get a better view of me. “Thank you Jane,” he cups my face in between his hands “I wish you nothing but happiness in New York”. Before I can thank him he leans in and gives me a small peck on the lips.
     “Mark,” I pull back slapping his arms off me. What the hell is wrong with him? This is not going how I attend it to go. “I know I just had to kiss you at least one time sorry not sorry,” he winks and walks towards the door. Asshole. I don't think I should mention this to Gabe he already hates Mark as it is. He opens the door and looks back “Not everything is as it seems sometimes the truth is more devastating than the lie” and with that he walks out leaving me even more confuse than before. What the hell did he mean by that? What truth was he referring to? Well that was something weird to say. I hope he got his closure because he'll never get another chance. I feel so exhausted it has been a long and weird day. I make sure my door is lock before jumping into bed.
                              Chapter 25 Gabe
     I can't believe that in less than 72 hours I will be in a plane with Jane going home. As soon as Jane told me that she wanted to go back home I called the airport and reserved our tickets. I'm so ready to go back home I miss Sophia. I'm going to have to do a lot of ass kissing when I get home for leaving her behind. She was furious when she found out we left with out her. Hopefully bringing Jane back with me will gain me some points. “What are you thinking about?” Logan ask as he takes a seat next to me. “Sophia” I answer. His face changes from playful to worry as soon as I spoke her name “Did some thing happen to her?”. I study his face and he actually looks worry it doesn't surprise me. “She is fine I was just thinking how much ass kissing I have to do when I get back” I say. As soon as the words leave my mouth he relaxes into the couch. He drapes his arm over the couch and rest his leg over the other “Yeah you're fucked” he laughs. 
     “You really do care for her?” I ask even tho I already know the answer to that question. I know he cares for her but I don't know if he cares for her like another brother or something else. I don't think I would be fine with him seeing her as something more as a friend. I know Logan is a good guy but he is to much of a player and he has no intention in changing his ways. There is no way I will let him play with her heart. I wasn't there when she got her heart broken by that asshole the first time. He is lucky I don't know who he is. No matter how much I asked Sophia she wouldn't tell me who he was because she knew I would of killed him with my bare hands. “You know I care for her” he answers. I nod my head in agreement “I know just be careful I don't want a repeat of last time” I remind him. 
    His jawline tightens up as he glares at me with so much anger that I think he might punch me “I already told you that wasn't going to happen again” he says. I know I should change the subject before we end up killing each other. “You better get those lips ready,” I reach for the control. His eyebrow connect in the middle of his forehead “For what?”.
     “For all that ass kissing we're going to have to do for Balvin” I joke. There is no way I'm kissing her ass I don't regret coming after Jane. If it wasn't because of me Jane wouldn't be going home besides I'm annoyed at Balvin for keeping secrets from me. “You think she'll fire us?” he ask a little worried. He loves this job as much as I do. “Hell no she needs us” I lean back into the couch. I don't want to sound cocky but she does. We are one of the best men in our division. We didn't get where we are base on our good looks we worked our ass off and if she is dumb enough to fire us I know there is some one else waiting for us to join their team. “Yeah you're right she might not fire us but she is going to give us hell” Logan agrees. That is nothing new she has always given us hell. “Ah we'll live” I shrug my shoulders dismissing his comment. I'm to happy right now to let anything bring me down especially Balvin. “I'm so ready to go back home and get away from you” he jokes. I know he is messing around even when we're back home we're always together. We even work together. “I know what you mean I can't wait to get rid of you” I teased. 
     He laughs knowing I'm bluffing “Seriously what are you going to do when you get back home?”. The first thing that I'm going to do is make love to Jane and then I'm going to go check on Sophia. I need to make sure she is doing alright after her break up. Last but not least I'm going to find out what the hell is going on at the office. “We're going to find out what's going on at work” I say leaving the rest out. He nods his head as he scratch his neck “I knew you was going to say that”. That's the thing about Logan and me, we always know what we're thinking. “If we're going to do this we need to keep it between us” he adds. He is right we can't say anything to any one until we know we can trust them. “We're going to have to be extra sneaky but first we have to find out if we still have a job” I remind him. There is no point of thinking about this right now. My mission right now is to make sure Jane gets on that plane. If her uncle is anything like her father I doubt that he is going to let her go just like that. I don't know why but I can't shake this bad feeling in my gut. Over the years I've learned to trust my gut it has gotten me out of a lot of messy situations.
     “Do you really think they are going to let Jane leave just like that?” Logan ask. See that's exactly what I'm saying it's like he is in my mind. I run my hand down my face I should probably shave my stubble is growing into a beard. “I don't know but we have to be prepare for anything” I say as I rub my soon to be beard. I've already came up with a plan I don't think he is going to agree with it but there is no other way. I stand and walk over for some beers we're going to need it for this conversation. “Here” I open the beer with my teeth and pass it to Logan. “What's this for?” he eyes me suspiciously. “I just want to thank you for coming all the way out here with me” I shrug my shoulders as I sit down again. “Again with this bull shit I've already told you that's what brothers are for” he lifts his beer and takes a sip. I take a sip of my beer and enjoy the cold liquid as it goes down my throat “I need you to promise me something”. He drops his leg on the floor and puts his beer on the table “What?” he turns to give me his full attention. 
     I take a big sip of my beer “First I want you to promise me that no matter what happens you will get Jane on that plane safe and sound,” he opens his mouth to interrupt me but I shake my head and continue to talk “and second if anything happens to me you have to promise that you'll take care of my girls including Jane and Sammy”. I already know he is going to fight me on this. “I promise to get Jane on the plane and you know I will always take care of your girls like they were mine but remember I've already made a promise to get your ass back home safe and sound” he reminds me. I know he made a promise to Sophia and he'll go to hell and back to keep his promise to her. “I know but if things go sour one of us have to stay alive to take care of the girls” I announced.  
      There is no one else in the world that I would trust to take care of my girls than him. I will never forgive myself if something would to happen to Logan. I will not put his life in danger. He isn't even suppose to be on this trip. He runs his hand through his hair “Seriously you are starting to piss me off we came here together and we're leaving here together end of discussion” and with that he walks away. I know that it's hard for him even to consider leaving me behind but if it comes down to it, it's exactly what he'll need to do.
                               Chapter 26 Jane
     I have no idea what to pack. Everything I need is back home or at least I hope so. I reach under my bed to grab Nina's things to put in the luggage. Once I'm done with these I'll find a way to get them back to her. I can't believe that in 2 days I'll be going home it's a bitter sweet moment for me. A part of me is so excited to go back to the life I've made for myself. To get back to my friends and my boyfriend of course. I'm even thinking about going to collage. I've never went to school it could be a fun experience. On the other hand it kills me to be away from my family again. Especially now that we're finally getting along. I walk into my closet and look around to see what I can take with me. I'm definite taking some dresses and some high heels. A girl can never have enough of those. 
     “How depressing” Sam says as she walks in. “What?” I yell from the closet. “You packing and shit” she answers with sadness in her voice. I walk back with a handful of dresses in one hand and a few pairs of heels on the other “It's just a few things”. I walk over to the bed and dump my cloths on it. I don't feel like packing any more seeing Sammy this upset brings my mood down. “Like I said depressing” she drops into the bed causing my bag to jump. I move my bag to the floor and land right next to her on the bed. She takes a big breath and slowly let's it out a small sign. Oohoo I don't like the sound of that. 
     “Something wrong?” I turn to face her. “Besides you leaving me for a sex god,” she looks up at the ceiling. I roll my eyes trying not to laugh “Besides that”. There must be something bothering her  because she was fine with me leaving a few days ago. 
     Sammy starts chewing on her bottom lip trying to find I way to tell me what's on her mind. “I don't know after seeing you with Gabe I've been rethinking my relationship with Raul” she signs. I feel a cloud of happiness inside of my chest. I want to get up and dance around the room but I hold back. “Really how so?” I ask causally like if I didn't care at all. “I don't know you guys fit so perfectly, you can tell how much you guys love each other just by being around ya. He looks at you like you're the most important thing in his life and you look at him like he is the only person in the world. Raul and I don't have that he don't look at me that way and I sure as hell don't look at him like that” she says sadly. I already knew that he wasn't in love with her but hearing say that she isn't either is a big relief. 
    Although I'm happy that she finally realizes the truth I hate seeing her this upset. I place my hand on top of hers trying to give her some comfort “It's okay Sam you'll find your prince charming I promise”. I know that her prince charming is out there some where she has to put herself out there. We all deserve to find our prince charming. She interlocks her fingers with mines and gives me a quick squeeze “Yeah but for now I have to settle for prince not so charming”. Some thing inside of me snaps as soon as I hear her say that. She doesn't need to settle for anything especially for that scum bag. “You don't have to settle for anything if you don't want to be with him than don't unless he is making you,” a light bull turns on “he isn't making you right?”. The thought of Raul making her do anything turns on a fire inside of me that I didn't even know I had. I will kill him with my bare hands if that is the case. I'm not a murder but I will kill for the people I love. Sammy's laughter snaps me out of my anger “Relax prima did you forget who you're talking to?”.
     For a second I did forget who I was speaking to this is Sammy no one makes her do anything she don't want to do. I've seen her stand up to her father and brother millions of times. Sammy has balls and I bet they are bigger than Raul's. “Yeah you're right” I relax into the bed again. She let's go of my hand and sits up “Well I'm going shopping I need something to lift my spirit up do you want to come?”. I lean on my elbows to get a better view of her “No, thanks I need to finish packing” I motion to the bag with my head. I would love to spend more time with Sam but I really have to finish packing. Plus Sam can literally be in the mall all day. “Boo you whore” she boos me as she leaves my room.
      I probably should get back to packing but my stomach is calling out for some food. I expect to find Nina in the kitchen making something to cook but to my surprise the kitchen is empty. That's weird I wonder where she might be? I open the fridge to make a quick sandwich but I find my bowl of fruits instead. I can always count on Nina to have my breakfast ready I can't stop myself from smiling as I reach for my bowl. It's such a nice day today I might as well eat outside and smell the flowers. I grab a fork and walk outside to the patio. To my surprise I find my father already there. 
     “Hey daddy” I lean in to give him a kiss on the cheek. I'm surprise to see him smoking a cigar this early in the morning. Everyone knows that my father only smokes cigars when he is stressing over something. “Hey princess” he fakes smiles as he puts down his cigar. I know it's fake because his smile doesn't reach his eyes. “Something wrong Papi?” I study him as I take the seat across from him. I know that he isn't going to tell me what's on his mind. He never tells me anything but it's worth a try. “Just the fact that my baby girl is leaving” he gives me another force smile. My chest tightens up hearing how upset he sounds. I drop my head to play around with the fruits in my bowl. “Papi remember you promised that we were going to find a way to keep in touch” I remind him as I fight back my tears. I know that if I start crying now there is no way I'm going to stop. From underneath my moist eyelashes I see him nod as he smokes from his cigar. I reach for a strawberry and shove it into my mouth I don't know what else to say and to be honest I don't want to keep going with this conversation. My mind goes back to Bella I wonder if my dad knew about her? 
     “Papi can I ask you a question?” I lean back in to my chair. “Sure,” he reaches for his cup of coffee. Ewk coffee and cigar? That's just a nasty combination. “Do you know about Bella?” I blurt out. His eyebrow raises all the way up to his hairline, it's kind of funny, “Bella as in Isabella?”. Well I guess he does know who she is. “Yea Isabella” I say her full name it's such a beautiful name. He leans back into his chair and stares out into the meadow lost in his thoughts. 
    I wonder what he is thinking about? I want to ask him again but he is so lost in his thoughts that I would feel bad for interrupting. “I was 5 years old when Nina moved down the street from my house with Isabella I think she was just 3 years old. We grew up together we even went to the same school I was always one year ahead of her,” he says. I knew that Nina and my father knew each other before my father became El Rey but I didn't know how far they really went. Wait, if my dad and Bella knew each other than that means Bella must of met my mom. “Did Bella know mom?” I ask hoping he would answer. 
     He nods his head in confirmation “Actually there was a time when they were pretty close,” he inhales from his cigar “Why are you asking about Isabella?”. He says trying to change the subject but I'm okay with it. I'm actually surprise that he answered my question in the first place. I grab another strawberry and start to nibble on it “The other day I was talking to Nina and some how Bella came up did you know that they don't speak to each other?” he nods “Do you know why?”. I lean into my elbows to pay extra attention to my father. 
     “Isabella was the sweetest girl I've ever met. She was always looking out for every one around her. If some one was hungry she would stop eating herself to give it to them. She was out going, funny, and friendly but once Randy died something died inside of her it was like some switch turned switch off. She started to shield herself from everyone including Nina and me. The harder we tried to get closer to her the more she would pushed us away. Then one day out of no where she decided to pack up her things and leave everything behind her. Nina was left with out a husband or a daughter. I couldn't abandoned Nina she is the closest thing I have to a mother. As you know my mother died when I was 10. I insist Nina to come live with me but she only agreed if  I let her work for me so I agree. But between me and you the only reason why I agreed was because I love her cooking” he smiles. 
     I never really knew how much Nina meant to my father but now I understand why she is the only one that he takes shit from. She is the only person I know that can put my father in his place and get away with it. I thought it was only because they had history but now I know the truth. “You know what's funny I've always thought of Nina as my grandmother” I confess. I never met none of my grandmothers but I always picture them like Nina so sweet and caring. He gives me a sincere smile “I'm glad to hear that Princess,” he leans over the table and gives me a kiss on the forehead “I'll see you later got some work to do”. I give him a nod as he walks away. 
     I still don't know what happen between Nina and Bella and I still don't know where Bella could be but what I do know is that Bella knew my mom. Now more than ever I'm determine to find Bella maybe she can give more information about my mom. For the first time in my life I actually feel hopeful.
          ***********************************  
     “Nina where were you earlier?” I ask her as I help her cook dinner. I haven't seen her all day after the talk with my dad I went back to packing and I haven't been out my room since. “I was running some errands did you need anything hun?” she ask as she cuts the carrots. “No I was just surprise that you weren't here that's all” I shrug my shoulders even tho she isn't looking at me. Is it just me or is she avoiding looking at me? I'm just being ridiculous why would she be avoiding me? Unless my father told her about our conversation? Maybe I should come clean about our talk before my father tells her anything. For some reason my throat feels extra dry as I try to speak. I walk over the fridge and reach for the orange juice. “Nina,” I say nervously as I pour out some juice. “Mmm” she hums from behind me. “I ask dad about Bella” I take sip of my juice and spin to see her reaction. 
     “You did?” she continues to cut the onions never lifting her head up. “Yeah, how come you didn't tell me Bella knew my mom and dad?” I stare at her back waiting for some kind of reaction but I get nothing. “It didn't cross my mind” she wipes her eyes with the back of her hand. I hate onions they always makes me cry when ever I chop them. How is it possible that it didn't cross her mind? From what my father told me they were the best of friends how can she just forget to tell me that? That doesn't sound right to me. “Jane I need you to promise me something?” she puts down the knife and finally looks up at me. Her eyes are watery I don't know if it's due to the onions or because of our conversation. My heart drops to my stomach just hearing her call me Jane it sounds so strange coming from her mouth. I can count the times Nina has called me Jane with my fingers that's how rare it is. 
     “Umm okay” I feel the wrinkles forming on my forehead. “I need you to stop asking about Isabella. I know that you think there is something you can do to get us back together but there isn't. What's done is done and I'm okay with it”. I don't understand. Why wouldn't she want to be reunited with her daughter? What could of possibly happen between them for her to act like this? “But why Ni-”
     “Jane promise me that you'll stop” she says frustrated with new sets of tears in her eyes. Now I know the onions don't have nothing to do with those because she isn't cutting. Even tho I'm dying to ask more questions I don't. I've never seen Nina get this upset over anything. I hate see her this upset. I twist my fingers behind my back “I promise”. There is no way I'm dropping this especially now that I see how much it really means to her. Nina nods her head and turns back around to the stove. I open my mouth to say something but Sam cuts me off “I'm so beat” she walks in with handful of bags. I'm so glad I didn't go with her to the mall just looking at the bags I feel overwhelm. “Come on prima let's go see what I bought” she pulls me. I look back to Nina who is still facing the stove by the way her shoulders are moving I can tell she is still crying. I want to go over there and hug her but she needs her alone time.
                               Chapter 27 Jane
     As I sit outside eating my breakfast I can't stop thinking about how much things have changed yet again. When I first got here I felt like the world was against me. I spent two months in my room hating my life and every one around me. Every day it was a struggle for me to get out of bed there were days that I felt like I wasn't going to make it but I'm still here and to top it of tomorrow I'll be on a plane going back to where I belong. This time around I don't have to be looking over my shoulder waiting for some one to snatch me up. “What you're doing?” Sam ask as she takes the seat across from me. “Taking in the view” I answer. If there is one thing I regret is the fact that I didn't enjoy Dubai. It really is a beautiful place. She looks around and nods in agreement “It's a beautiful place”. 
     “How are you holding up?” I cross my legs as I study her. I know that me leaving is really hitting her hard. She tilts her head back to rest it on the chair as she looks at the sky “I'm okay”. Just the fact that she isn't looking at me let's me know she is lying but I'm not going to make this harder for neither of us. I follow her lead and enjoy the sun on my face “You know I'll always be one call away” a tear rolls down my face and I quickly wipe it away. If I start crying I'm not going to be able to stop and I still got tomorrow to go. “Yeah I know” her voice comes out raspy I'm sure she is fighting her own tears back. 
     The sun feels great on my skin I have to get enough sun before I go back to New York. I'm excited to see the snow! I've been waiting for this moment since I was a little girl. I always dreamed of having a snowy Christmas. “Are we going to see each other again?” Sam says after a long period of silence. My eyes fly open as I snap my head towards her direction “Of course we are silly you can come and visit me when ever you want”. She turns her face to look at me with tears in her eyes “Any time?”. My heart hurts hearing how upset she sounds. “Come here” I tap my legs for her to come take a seat on my lap. I used to do this every time Sam was feeling upset about anything. I would rock her in my arms while I sang to calm her down. I lean back into my chair as Sammy walks over and jumps onto my lap. Things has change since the last time I rocked her. For one she is much heavier and two she barley fits on my lap. I can hear her head turning from all the way out here. “What's going on up there” I tap her head as I try keeping her on my lap. She drops her head on my shoulder “I feel like I'm losing you” her confession finishes breaking my heart. 
     “Ammy,” I use her childhood nickname to lighten up the mood “it's not like I'm dying. I'm just moving to another country,” well that doesn't sound as good as I thought it would “how bout this if you don't come down to visit me I come and get you myself”. I was thinking of doing that anyways. If Sammy doesn't come to me than I'll come to her. “Pinky promise?” she brings her pink above her head without lifting her head off me. “Pinky promise” I seal the promise “besides we can talk on the phone, text, video chat, hell we can even write letters it's not going to be like last time I swear”. She nods her head as she snuggles into my chest. “Do you want me to sing to you?” I brush her hair back as I rock her. 
     “Um I've never said anything before but you kind of suck at singing” she laughs. I already knew I suck at singing that's why I only sing when I'm alone or with her but I act like this is news to me. “What? There is no way” I gasp. “Oh there is a way” she says amused. I rock her and just for the hell of it I start to sing “Rock a bye baby on the treetop,”. She press her head into my chest as she covers her ear with her hand “Please stop” she giggles. 
     I don't sound so bad I'm just a little rusty all I need is to warm up. “When the wind blows the cradle will rock” I sang from the top of my lungs. If there where any cats or dogs around I'm pretty sure they would be crying by now. Sam hops of my lap “Will you look at that I'm feeling much better I guess you can stop now” she smiles and this time I know it's a sincere smile.
     “I still got it” I smile as I brush my shoulders off. She waves her hand in the air as she walks away “Yeah yeah”. Well at least she is in a better mood. “ROCK A BYE BABY!” I sing from the top of my lungs as I run after her.
       ***************************************
      I'm feeling kind of down after talking to Sam. She really made me second think the whole situation even tho she didn't mean too. Even tho I want to believe with all my heart that I'll see them again deep down I really don't know if I will. There is only one person who can calm me down right now. 
“Muffin?” he answer on the second ring. My heart does a flip in my chest just by hearing his voice. 
   “Really? What happen to the Smith. Gabriel Smith?” I say disappointed. 
He chuckles “What's up baby?”. 
I lay down on my bed and stare at the ceiling. Should I tell him that I'm having seconds thoughts about this? I can't do that to him he is so excited to go back home. I can't let guilt change my mind. I want to go back home as much as he does. I was the one who made the first move. 
   “Stop over thinking Muffin everything is going to work out at the end” he says. I love the fact that he can read my mind even when we aren't in the same room. He always know what to say to make me feel better. 
“Do you know how much I love you?” I ask. I don't think there is enough words to describe how much I love him. 
    “Mm not really how much?” he ask playfully. 
“I can show you better than what I can tell you” I smile to myself. I can think of a few wick things I would love to do to him. 
“Mmm,” he hums sending a shiver down my spine “like what baby?” his voice is thick with desire. 
   Oh god I'm turn on just thinking what I would do to him right now. “This is a very dangerous game we're playing” I say as I clench my legs together to relief some tension.
“You're right Muffin we can pick this up later” he agrees. Oh we're definite picking this up later. “Do you feel better Muffin?” he ask. 
Actually I do feel much better I don't even remember why  I was stressing in the first place. “Much better thanks to you” I smile through the phone. 
“Good baby do you want me to pick you up tomorrow?” he ask. I would love for him to pick me up. I could use some kind of moral support but I know that isn't a good idea. My father has agreed on letting me leave but I don't want to push the limits by bringing him around. 
“No I'll meet you at the airport” I play with the hem of my shirt. 
“Fine just be there before 3 and I'll be waiting for you” he says. Just the fact that I'm going to see him tomorrow brings butterflies to my stomach. 
“I'll be there” I reassure him. 
“You better or I'll come looking for you” he warns me. I glance at my bracelet and smile. I have no doubt in my mind that he would come looking for me if I don't show up. 
“Love you crazy stalker man” I say. 
“Love you too Muffin see you tomorrow ya?” he ask. Now it's my turn to reassure him I'll be there “Definite see you tomorrow”.
     After talking to Gabe there is no doubt in my mind about what I'm about to do. I wonder where's my dad? I haven't seen him all day. Now that I think about it I haven't seen any one since this morning. Not even Mark or Raul. Don't get me wrong I'm not complaining it's just strange that's all. I check my father's room but there is no one in here maybe he is in his office. I walk into his office and to my surprise he isn't in here either. Where can he be? As I walk pass the living room the sound coming from the TV catches my attention. I didn't even know we were allow in the living room no one ever steps in there. I wonder who is watching TV?  I walk in and to my surprise I find my father sitting on the sofa 
     “Papi?”. I'm surprise to see him in here especially since I've been looking for him all over. He pauses the TV and looks back to me “Hey Princess,” he gives me a force smile that kind of reminds me of the Joker's smile. “What are you doing in here?” I walk over to sit next to him on the couch. His eyes are red it looks like he hasn't gotten any sleep in days. “Watching some home made movie” he presses play. I didn't even know we had homemade movies.
         “Thank you baby for giving me such a perfect little Princess” I hear my father's voice coming from the TV, it's funny how no matter how many years goes by his voice never changed. I turn towards the TV to see a woman rocking a baby in her arms. I can't see the woman's face because her long brown hair is covering her face. Something inside of me tells me that I don't need to see her face to know who she is. I feel my eyes burning with tears.
       “Mommy loves you princess Jane” the woman dips her head to give baby Jane a kiss on the forehead. I try to get a better view of her face but her hair is draping around her face. Warm tears start falling uncontrollably down my face. Her voice draws me in like honey draws in bees. Before I even realize I'm kneeling down in front of the TV trying to catch a better glance of her. “Is that mom?” I choke out as I trace her image on the TV. This is the first time I hear her voice. It sounds so sweet like an angle singing a baby to sleep. Even tho I can't see her face I can tell she was beautiful.
         “And daddy loves both of you” my dad says right before the video shuts down.  
     “Yeah that was mom” his voice comes out raspy. Why haven't I seen this video before? Are there more? I turn to face him “Why are you watching this?”. Why now? For the first time in my life I can see the broken man that is my father. He reminds me of.. of... me. Oh god! How didn't I see it before? “That was the happiest I've ever been in my life” he admits. My heart reaches out to his. I know that pain very well. I walk over to him and lay my head on his lap “What happen?”. I want to know everything I have so many questions but I'm not going to push him. 
     “You look just like her you know?” he says as he combs my hair back it reminds me of when he use to do my hair. He can do a hell of a pony tail and don't let me get started on the pigtails. I'm definite dying my hair back to my natural color now that I know I got it from my mom. 
     “You've always looked like your mom even back then when you were only a day old. We didn't have much back then but I was so happy to have my two girls home. I was working a 9 to 5 job but that wasn't enough. Your mother wanted to drop out of school to help me but I didn't let her. I wanted your mom to finish school. We both were so young we had no idea how difficult having a baby was, don't get me wrong I don't regret having you, ever. You were and still are the best thing that has ever happen in my life,” he says as my tears fall on to his lap. Even after everything I have done he still thinks I'm the best thing that has happen to him. I'm afraid to talk I don't want him to stop talking.
      “I was responsible for you and your mom. I had to make sure there was food on our table and a roof over our heads. I didn't want your mom to drop out of school because she was a smart cookie she had it in her to make it far in life. I knew that if she dropped out there was no way she would ever go back. So I decided to get another job to keep us from living under a bridge and even with two jobs I still wasn't making enough. One day while I was in my second job a coworker came up to me and offer me a way to win some extra money by selling drugs. I refuse at first but then everything started to pile up and we didn't have help it was only me and your mom. So I agreed it's not like I could of gotten a third job. I was exhausted as it was. In the beginning it was just a few bags and a little extra cash. I was in no danger and I was supporting my family the best way I could but then the bags got bigger and so did the cash”
      “One night while your mom was cleaning the house she found my secret stash let's just say she wasn't happy about it. We fought about it every night and day. I promised her that I was going to stop it was only something temporary. I never plan for this to get out of hand this was only suppose to be until I was off my feet but then your mom left us. I had no idea how to raise a baby especially a girl. That's when Nina came in she offer to give me a hand. She would take care of you while I was working. I used to get up at 5 in the morning every day to get you ready, drop you off at Nina's, and go to work. I worked all day until midnight. When I picked you up from Nina's you would be sleeping. So basically you were always sleeping when I was with you. You were growing up so fast and I was missing everything. I was so busy working that I didn't even get to enjoy you. That's when I decided to quit my jobs so I could spend time with you. I didn't want you to grow up with out a mom and a dad. That's when I started to hustle in the streets. I know that is not a excuse for what I did but that was my way out at the time” he finish.
     I don't know what to say. I've always thought my father picked this job because he was power hungry. Turns out that he did all of this for me. “I'm sorry Papi” I apologizes into his lap. If it wasn't for me he would probably had a different life. He could have been the best doctor out there or the best lawyer. I guess we will never know what he could have been. “Look at me Princess,” he lifts me from his lap “this isn't your fault I took the easy way out well at least I thought it was the easy way out. We're all responsible for our own actions. You baby girl are choosing the best path for you and don't forget that. I'm so proud of the woman that you are today I guess I did something right after all huh?”. 
     He is proud of me? I can't believe it. I'm shocked due to everything he has shared with me. My heart is so full of love and sorrow for him. I see my father in a different light if only I would of knew all this from the start. Things would have been different. I understand his choices now it must have been hard to be a single father at such a young age and have no support. I fly into his arms wrapping my arms around him “Te amo papi” I lay my head on his shoulder and smell him in. “I love you too Princes” he says back. I've never been so proud to call him my father. “I promise to tell you the whole story when it's time” he pats my back. With what he just shared with me is enough. He has never shared anything with me about his life. “Now go to bed it's been a long day” he gives me a kiss on the head. It has been a long day filled with lots of surprises. “Breakfast tomorrow?” I say as I stand. 
     “Of course” his voice comes out croaky. I know that he needs to be alone to pull himself together. I can just imagine how hard it must have been for him to share some of his story. I give him his goodnight kiss and walk to my room.
                            Chapter 28 Gabe
    “Did you pack everything? I don't want to come back because you forgot your underwear” I ask Logan. He would be the one to leave something behind. I swear he doesn't leave his dick behind because it's stuck to him. We have to be at the airport soon I want to get there before Jane does. I want to check the perimeter out just in case we need to make an escape. I reach for my loaded gun hopefully I don't have to use it but it never hurts to have it with me. “Funny talking about forgetting stuff,” Logan say as he leans on the door frame “the other day I was in such a rush to get dressed that by mistake I put on one of your pants instead of mines,” he smirks. What's so funny? I don't mind it's not like it's the first time he wears something of mine. “And?” I say as I put on my hostler not seeing the point. “And I must say you have a great taste in underwear,” he adds. Okay what the fuck is he talking about? This is weird now even for us. “What the fuck ar-” I stop mid sentence when I see him twirling a pink lace underwear around his finger. No, not just any pink underwear but Jane's. “Give me that” I launch for it but he moves out of my way. “I got to say pink is definite your color” he mocks as he swings the underwear in the air. I'm going to kill him! “Give me that fuck face” I say more aggressively. “Okay only if you try them on I would love to see you in it” he says as he laughs. I take the opportunity to tackle him down to the ground. “Asshole,” I punch him on his side as I snatch them away. “Oww” he chuckles as he rubs his ribs. I shove the panties in my pockets and give Logan one last kick “Get up asshole we're leaving in 5 minutes”.
     “You think this can be a trap?” Logan ask on our way to the airport. “No” I answer honestly. I know that if they wanted us dead we would be by now “it just never hurts to be cautious”. He nods his head in agreement if there is any thing we've learn about our job is to always expect the unexpected. Some times the villain turns out to be the victim and vise versa. You can't never be to sure. “I want to thank you again for doing this it really means a lot to me” I thank him once again. I will never get tired of thanking him. He put his life and job on the line for me it takes a real friend no a real brother to do something like that. I don't know how but I will repay him for this. “Don't thank me until we're all back home” he adds. I really hope we all get to go back home together. “Do you have your gun on you” I change the subject before we end up arguing again. “My baby is ready to sing” he taps his side. “Let's rock and roll” I smirk.
                           Chapter 29 Jane
     Between everything my father shared with me yesterday and the excitement of today I barley got any sleep. I couldn't get my mom's voice out of my head not that I wanted to. Every time I closed my eyes I herd her voice. I wish I could of seen her face. I have so many questions for my dad yesterday I was afraid to ask him but not today. I want to know if there are more videos of her or pictures maybe he'll let me see them. I'm so excited to see Gabe and tell him what I've found out about my mom. I reach for my phone to send him his good morning text but to my surprise I've already have a text from him.
                 Gabe:  Good morning Muffin I know you're probably still sleeping. I'll see you in a few hours. Love you.
     He send that message at 6 in the morning. I guess I wasn't the only one who couldn't sleep. I send him my good morning text and hit the shower. I have a breakfast date I'm looking forward too. I walk into the dinning room ready to eat breakfast with my family but find the room empty. That's weird it's 9 everyone is usually down by this time. Well since I'm already here I might as well help Nina with breakfast. “Do you need any help Nina?” I ask as I walk into the kitchen. There is no one in here either. The kitchen is spotless it looks like no one has been here since yesterday. Where the hell is everyone? Did they forget to tell me we were going out to eat? I know one person that would be in bed still at this hour. 
     “Prima,” I knock on her door but no one answers. She is probably in the shower. I walk in to find her bed empty and all ready made. Something is definite wrong Sam is always the last one to get up she hates mornings as much as I do. Maybe she went out with Raul that is the only way she would be up at this time. Since my dad isn't in his room there is only one other place he can be. I walk downstairs and knock on his office door “Papi?”. 
     Since when do I knock? I push the door open to find the office empty just like every room in the house. Did something happen while I was sleeping? I can't shake the feeling that there is something wrong. I've been feeling like this since yesterday it felt like everyone was walking on eggshells around me. 
     I walk over to my father's desk maybe I can find something to help me figure out what the hell is going on. The first thing that catches my eye is a white envelope leaning against a photo frame of my father and me. In front of the envelope the word Princess is written in my father's hand writing. My hearts drops to my stomach I have a bad feeling about this. The room starts to spin and my legs start to shake. I need to sit down. I pull my dad's chair out and take a seat. I don't know if it's just me but I can still smell my father's cologne on the chair. Did he leave this here for me to see it or was he going to give it to me later? 
     No, he knew that if I saw this I would open it on the spot. He left it here on purpose he knows me. Why didn't he just give it to me yesterday? Enough with all this damn questions let's see what's inside this damn envelope. With shaky hands I reach for the envelope.  
       
     Dear Princess,
                        You must be asking yourself where the hell is everyone? Well last night after our little talked I realized that there was no way I would be able to watch you leave again so I decided to leave before you. I was to much of a coward to say goodbye to you in person so I'm doing it over this letter. I guess the apple doesn't fall to far from the tree huh? When I first held you in my arms I thought that the hardest part about being a parent was to provide and keep you safe but turns out I was wrong. The hardest thing about being a parent is to watch you grow up and not need me anymore. If it was up to me I would keep you locked up to protect you from any harm but look where that got me last time. I know that you still have a lot of questions and there are a lot of things that you still don't know but I'm sure you'll find out soon. I wish I could be there with you to answer any questions you'll have but for right now I can't. All I can tell you is that not everything in life is white or black there is always colors in between. Princess keep your mind open and don't believe everything you read or see. You're a smart girl always listen to your instinct. Brains is outside waiting for you he'll be taking you to the airport. This isn't a good bye we will see each other again very soon I promise and that's when I will tell you everything you want to know. Take care Princess love you always and for ever don't forget that.
                                                    With much love your,
                                                                               Dad
     What the hell is he talking about I don't need him no more? I'm always going to need him he is my dad! They left with out saying bye to me. That's why they were all acting weird yesterday. They all knew they were leaving and didn't say a word to me. It hurts to know I won't be able to say goodbye to them the proper way. Why does it feel like I'm never going to see them again? My dad said this wasn't a goodbye but that is exactly what it feels like. What truth is he talking about? Is he talking about my mom or something else I don't know? 
    I don't know how many times I read the letter over and over again trying to get some closure. Funny how karma works first I was the writer and now I'm the reader. He didn't even tell me where they were going. I know that if I call Sam she would tell me. I reach for my phone and dial her number. “Come on Sam answer” I chant as I pace back and forth. “Ya know what to do after the beep bitches” her voice mail comes out. Maybe she didn't hear it I try fooling myself as I redial her number. “Come on pick up the fucking phone” I yell to no one. “Ya kno-” I hang up and slam my phone against the desk. I don't even bother calling my dad he won't answer. It's to early for some scotch so I vote for coffee instead. I'm afraid that if I start with the scotch I won't be able to stop. I fold the letter back into the envelope and take it with me. I walk in to the kitchen and start the coffee. I open the fridge to get some milk and find my bowl of fruits waiting for me. Even with everything going on Nina still found the time to leave me my breakfast. My eyes start filling up with tears as my emotions start catching up with me. I never notice how empty I feel with out them. I wish I can go back and enjoy my time with my family. 
    “Find anything interest to watch?” Brains ask from behind me. I close the fridge and look over to him with tears in my eyes. “Need a hug?” he opens his arms for me. I nod as I dive in for the hug. That is exactly what I need right now. I need some one to tell me everything is going to be okay. “Everything is going to be fine bug” he calls me by the child nick name he gave me. He named me bug because he said I was always bothering him like a fly in a summer day and never went away even when he shoo me. “Do you know where they are?” I talk into his chest. I'm trying to control myself before pulling away. “No but I will be reunited with them later” he strokes my hair. Brain is one of the toughest man I've ever met but he always has had a soft spot for me. I know he is telling me the truth even if he did know where they were he wouldn't tell me unless my father gives him permission. 
     “Can you tell I love them all?” I ask. He pats my back “Will do now go change I don't think it's dress season in New York just yet”. He is right I should go change. I nod my head “You're right see you in a few” I say as I run upstairs. Since I'm going to be in a plane for about 20 hours I decided to wear a long sleeve shirt and a pair of sweats. I put my hair up in a ponytail and don't even bother with makeup. I grab my bag and take a last look around the room even tho I was here for a few months this never felt like my room. 
     I never felt like I belong here. I'm glad to be leaving this place and every bad memory I had behind me.“Are you ready Bug?” Brains yells from downstairs. “Coming” I turn off the lights and close the door behind me never looking back. To think that this is my last time in this house is mind blowing. “I'll take that” Brains reaches for my bags as I follow him towards the car. The only thing keeping me together is knowing that I will be in Gabe's arm in just a few minutes. I take out my phone and send him a message letting him know I'm on my way. 
     I stare out the window and get lost in my thoughts. What was my father trying to tell me with out telling me? Why does he always have to be a mystery? Why can't he just come out and say what it's on his mind? I feel my phone vibrate and I quickly open the message
           
         Gabe: Finally I've been waiting for you for ever.

     As I read the message I can't help but to smile. He has been waiting for me all along. He never once pressure me into making the decision of leaving with him. He always gave me space to make my own decision. I have no doubt in my mind that I made the right decision for me. Even tho Gabe had a lot to do with my decision in leaving it's not all because of him. I want to be in control of my life and this is the only way I can do it. “We're here” Brain parks the car in front of the airport. I didn't even realized we were driving. I send Gabe a text to let him know I'm here. 
     “Here you go bug” Brains hands me my bag as I hop off the car. “Wait you're not coming in with me?” I ask confuse, I thought he was going to come inside with me. “I'm going inside but we're going our separate ways” he says. Now that makes more sense. I don't want him to see Gabe and I'm sure he doesn't want to be seen either. “Okay well thanks for everything,” I hug him goodbye. At least I get to say bye to him. I feel my eyes burning again but I refuse to cry I need to be strong. “You're welcome bug now go inside” he shoves me away. I give him a smile and walk away as soon as I walk inside the airport I see Gabe walking towards me. He is wearing a white t-shirt with dark jeans and his leather jacket that drives me crazy. My heart starts to raise and the butterflies start back up in my stomach. I have to fight myself not to run into his arms. 
     “I was just coming to get you” he smiles and my heart warms up. I'm so happy to see him everything feels right when he is around. He wraps his arms around my waist and pulls me into him. I rest my head on his chest and smell him in. Now this is my home this is exactly where I belong. Just being in his arms makes every doubt disappear from my head he makes me feel safe. “I've missed you” he tries pulling away but I fight him. I'm not ready to go back to the real world just yet. “What's wrong Muffin?” he ask as he twirls my hair around his finger. I don't have the strength to tell him everything right now. I'm hanging on from a piece of thread if I tell him I'll crack. “I'll tell you later can you just hold me?” I say with tears in my throat. 
     “Always baby let's go check you in” he says as we walk. I love that he can just drop this conversation for right now. I know that he'll ask me again later. “Hi Jane,” Logan greets me with a contagious smile. “Hi Logan” I great him with my own smile. “That's much better now come give me a hug” he opens his arms. I smile and walk into his arms even hugging him makes me feel better. Over this few weeks Logan and I have really gotten to know each other. We have this bond between us that I never had with any one else. I see him as the brother I never had.   
     “Well guess what?” Gabe says as he comes back from checking us in. “What?” Logan and I both ask at the same time. Gabe pulls me out of Logan's arms causing me to giggle “Our flight got pushed up so it seems like we're actually boarding right now” he continues once I was tuck under his arm. “Really?” Logan ask with one eyebrow raised. I have a feeling my dad had something to do with this. “Yea so let's go” Gabe give Logan a small nod that I'm sure I wasn't suppose to see. I wonder what that was about? I can't believe this is really happening after I cross this metal detective I'm a free woman and this time it's for real. I can finally put every bad memory behind me. 
     “Please follow me,” a cute blond says “your jet is waiting for you” she smiles at Gabe, but since he don't pay attention to her she moves to Logan, who gives her the same attention as Gabe. “Jet?” Logan ask Gabe, who just shrugs his shoulders but give him a look. What the hell is up with all these damn nods and looks? It's starting to piss me off.
     Once we step outside I find my father's jet waiting for us it's just like him to think ahead of me. “I'm guessing your uncle had something to do with this?” Gabe turns to me. Oh god if he only knew who really send it he wouldn't even be getting on the jet. I feel my ears starting to burn I don't want to lie to him any more but I have too, well at least this time. “Yeah I'm sorry” I say shyly. “Don't be I don't mind if that makes you feel comfortable,” he wraps his large arm around my waist “are you ready to board Misses. Carter?” he ask. I wrap my arms around his neck “Actually it's Misses. Santana” I correct him. 
    I have to admit that it feels great to be able to say my real name out loud. I was starting to miss it. “Misses. Santana it fits you” he says as he leans in for a kiss. With everything that was going on I forget to give him a kiss. I part my lips and he twirls is tongue inside my mouth causing my knees to feel like jello. “I swear you two are like rabbits” Logan says from behind us. Gabe tries pulling away from me but I wrap my arms around his neck to keep him in place. I'm not ready to let go of him just yet. 
     “Aww how cute” I hear some one say as they clap. I break away from Gabe feeling embarrassed that we got caught with our tongues down each others throat. I turn to apologizes and that's when I feel all color leave my face. Mark and Raul are standing a few feet away pointing their guns at us. “What the hell are ya doing here?” I ask my voice coming out a little shaky. This can't be happening right now. I was so close. Raul sends a wink my way but I'm to shock to even react. What the hell is going on? Where is my dad?
                            Chapter 30 Gabe
     I wish I can say I'm surprise to see these dick heads here but that would be a lie. I knew something was off as soon as our flight got moved up. That's why I gave Logan a nod letting him know to be ready for anything. I wrap my hand around Jane's upper arm and pull her behind me. I feel her shaking behind me she hasn't said a word. From the corner of my eye I see Logan ready for me to give him a signal to make a move. We have one advantage they don't know we have our girls strap on us. “Gabriel,” Mark says as he points his gun at me “I wish I can say it's a surprise seeing you but it's not I already knew you were alive” he says ignoring Jane's question. I can tell he is drunk by the way he is trying to balance himself. This isn't good. Mark being drunk and with a gun this can escalate very fast. “And to answer your question I'm here for you Jane” he slurps. 
     My hands turns into fist there is no way I'm letting him take her this time. I'll kill him first. Jane tightens her hold on my shirt “W-what? No that can't be he said I could leave” she says more to herself than to anyone else. I want to turn around to comfort her but I can't. Knowing how much of a coward Mark is he would probably take that opportunity to kill me. “He doesn't know that I'm here but he'll thank me when I bring you back” he swings his gun around. Is he fucking crazy swinging that gun like that? A bullet can escape. “Oh god” Jane whispers from behind me. I can sense how scare she is and that is only pissing me off even more. How dare he scare my woman? 
     “Now if you don't want a repeat of last time you'll come with me Jane. I promise this time I will not miss” he says as he points directly at my head. “No I'll go” Jane tries pulling away from me but I tighten my hold on her. “Don't you dare move Jane” I warn a little to harsh but I need to show her I mean business. “But he'l-” she starts saying but I interrupt her “I don't give a fuck I gave you an order to not move understand?” Fuck I know I'm going to regret that later. “Jane hurry the fuck up we don't got all day” Raul jumps in. 
     I look over to Logan and give him a small nod  “She isn't going anywhere with you” I say through clench teeth. I count to 3 in my head and at the same time as Logan pull out my gun. I point at Mark while Logan aims at Raul. “Now this is a fucking party” Raul says a little to excited as he throws his hands up in the air. Logan walks to stand besides me helping me build a shield for Jane. 
     “I don't know if you know this Raul but our friend Gabe here has a sister and let me tell you that bitch is one piece of ass. She has this attitude that I'm sure you would love to tame” Mark says never breaking eye contact with me. I feel my blood boiling as soon as he mention Sophia. I take the safety off my gun and place my finger on the trigger. I'll kill them before they can even get near Sophia. 
     “What the fuck did you just say?” Logan switches his gun towards Mark. Fuck! I quickly switch my gun towards Raul. We need to keep our eyes on both of them. Logan nostrils flare as he tries to contain his anger. All they're trying to do is get a raised out of us so they can make their move. “Really?” Raul smirks “Maybe I should go pay her a little visit” he says as he licks his fucking lips. It is taking everything in me not to go over there and rip his fucking head off. “I'll fucking kill you first” Logan aims at him as he takes a step towards him. Fuck! That is exactly what they want. “Logan get your ass over here now!” I order him but his anger is blinding him. 
     I feel Jane move from behind me “No Logan stop please” she grabs his shirt. What the fuck is she doing? I know she wants to help but she is exposing herself to much. I aim at Mark ready to pull the trigger if he breaths the wrong way. “I'll make you a deal Jane,” Mark says catching her attention “if you come with me I'll let them both live”. I don't even have to see her face to know what she is thinking so I talk before she can even open her mouth “Not going to happen”. 
     Like I said before I'll kill him before he gets close to her again. Logan pushes Jane behind him as he walks back. I nod towards the plane letting Logan know where to go. I need to provide a distraction for them to get away. “You know any one can act like a man behind a gun” I smirk two can play this game. I know I can get into his head before he can get into mines. He rolls his head to the side out of frustration “Ask Jane how much of a man I am” now it's his turn to smirk. My lips turn into a tight line I swear if he even laid one finger on her I'm killing him now. “What is he talking about Jane?” I watch her body still from the corner of my eye. “It was nothing I swear” she rushes out causing my anger to raise. “What was nothing?” I ask as I stare Mark down. I'm grabbing my gun so hard that my hand has no more circulation. “You didn't say that after we kissed” Mark jumps in. I feel like some one just punch the living shit out of me.
     “I didn't fucking kiss you! You kissed me and I pushed you away. I fucking told you that I love Gabe over and over again” Jane comes around Logan exposing herself pissing me off even more. Raul flinches from besides Mark “Give me a fucking reason to blow your fucking head off asshole” Logan says as he pulls Jane behind him. “Enough talking come on let's go Jane” Mark says pointing at me. “I'll make you a deal fight me and if you win you can take her” I say. Killing him will be to easy I want him to suffer as much or more than what I did. I need to get rid of all this anger and he is the perfect target. 
     “Excuse me? I'm not a fucking toy you can just fucking fight over” I hear Jane say from behind Logan. I don't have time to deal with her right now. “Fine,” Mark walks over to Raul “if any of them moves shoot them on the spot”. I turn to give my gun to Logan who just smiles at me. He knows as well as I do that Mark has zero chance in taking me down. “Gabe don't do this,” Jane reaches for my arm but I shrug her away. I'm pissed off that she didn't tell me about Mark kissing her. I take off my jacket and hand it over to Logan., “Please don't do this,” Jane pleads with tears in her eyes it kills me to see her like this no matter how mad I am. I lean in and wipe away a tear that is rolling down her cheek “Don't worry everything will be fine”. She shakes her head “Please”.
     “Are we going to dance or what?” Mark yells. “I'll be back” I turn to walk away. “Gabe no,” Jane tries pulling me but Logan steps between us holding her back. I crack my knuckles as I walk towards the middle to meet Mark. I'm going to kill him for touching Jane. I usually don't street fight it's not fare for my opponent but Mark deserve everything that is coming his way. “Let's see what pretty boy got” Raul says behind Mark. 
    I shift all my weight from one leg to another as my hands are in front of me waiting for him to strike first. He swings his right hand and I sway to the left dodging his hit. He leaves his face wide open and I take the advantage to hit him right in the jaw. I hit him so hard my knuckles crack all over again. Fuck! That felt good. “Nice hit” he moves to his jaw from side to side as he spits blood. “Stop it!” Jane yells from behind me. “Don't fucking move Jane I'll shoot you” Raul warns her. How dare he point his gun at my girl? After I'm done with this fuck face I'm going after him. I turn to Jane “Stay back” I growl. Logan has his arm around her waist trying to keep her in place while still pointing at Raul. I turn just in time to see Mark charging towards me, like the coward he is, right before he can take me down I lift my knee hitting him right in the solar plexus knocking the wind out of him. I shove him to the side and wait for him to get up. I jump from foot to foot shaking my arms I would love to jump on him but I'm not ready for this fight to end just yet. “Get the fuck up!” Raul yells. 
     “Have you had enough?” I ask Mark. Part of me wishes he would say yes so I can take care of Raul. He stands and shakes his head “How about a new deal?,” he ask as he squares up again “I let you have Jane in return you give me Sophia?”. Hearing Sophia's name coming out of his mouth again makes me lose it. Without thinking I run towards him trying to push him down but he moves at the last second and hits me right on my ribs. I cringe to the left and when he comes back for another hit I move and hit him right on his temple causing him to lose his balance. I grab his head in between my hands and bring it down right into my knee causing his nose to crack “What did you say about my sister?”. His head rocks from side to side as he tries to find his balance I want to keep hitting him but instead I just shove him causing him to fall on the floor. 
     “Enough!,” a deep voice says from behind me. Some one probably called security. I'm standing right above Mark wishing for him to move so I can knock him out. “STOP! Gabe” Jane pulls me from my shirt. What the hell is she doing next to me? I look away from Mark to wrap my arms around Jane. “I'm sorry bug we had no idea they were coming” the man says. I lift my head and see the same man from that night standing there. I think his name is Brains. “Just get them out of here Brains” she says as she buries her head into my chest. I stroke her back trying to calm her down she is crying hysterically. “Raul get your ass over here and help me with this” he barks. I look over to Logan who is still aiming his gun at Raul I motion for him to lower it. 
     “Once you get on that plane Jane your life is going to change and trust me not all of it is going to be for the good. All I wanted was to protect you from the truth” Mark cries as they try picking him up. Protect her from what? What truth is he talking about? Jane pulls away from me and turns to him “What truth are you talking about? Why does everyone keep saying that?”. That's exactly what I want to know. 
     “Shut the fuck up Mark you're already in some deep shit and so are you Raul” Brains jumps in stopping Mark from talking. “Just leave” Jane pleads. Brains gives her a nod and they all turn to walk away. Jane turns to me and scans my face “Are you okay?”. She must of not been paying attention because I didn't get hit once in the face. “I'm fine let's just get on the damn plane” I turn to walk away. Logan hands me my gun “Do you think he would of agreed if he knew you teach self defense in the academy?” he ask smirking. “Fuck I forgot to mention that” I joke.
                             Chapter 31 Jane
     Gabe hasn't talked to me since we got on the plane. He is still pissed off at me for not telling him about Mark. He has every right to be mad but not at me it's not like I wasn't going to tell him. I just hadn't had the chance to tell him. I couldn't tell him over the phone because he would of probably come over and kill him right there. Not that I care for Mark's life but I care for Gabe's. How did he even know that Gabe was alive? Does that mean my father knows? Of course he does he always knows. Why didn't he tell me then? Because he never tells me anything. Oh god why am I answering my own questions? I think I've finally cracked. Talking about questions what the hell was Mark talking about? Why does it seems like everyone knows something that effects me but don't want to tell me? Is it that bad? I can't get his words out of my head. 
     “How are you holding up?” Gabe ask as he sits next to me. I'm so mad at him for putting his life in danger again, for treating me like some kind of trophy, and for giving me orders! Okay I have to admit I was turned on with his alpha attitude but I'm still mad. I stare out the window at the clouds ignoring him even tho his body heat is calling me in. I hate fighting with him especially right now that all I want to do is jump onto his lap so he can pet me like some kind of dog. I need his touch his warmth I need his comfort. I feel so cold even tho I have him so close. “Fine when ever you want to act like an adult instead of a brat come find me” he says as he stands to walk away. I want to reach out and stop him but my pride stops me.
     I fucking hate this fucking Gabe. He is acting like a fucking asshole reminds me of the Gabe I met. His words hit me harder than any hit he gave Mark. I drop my head into my hands and start crying. I can't take this no more. I feel some one's arms go around me. I know it's not Gabe because my body doesn't react to his. “Are you okay?” Logan ask causing me to spill my soul out. 
     “No, I woke up this morning happy because yesterday I finally got to hear my moms voice for the first time in a homemade video even tho I didn't get to see her face but I didn't care at least I got to hear her voice you know? You should of herd it, it was so magical. I was also happy because I was finally going to see Gabe after a whole week. I couldn't even sleep. Then after I got out of bed every thing went to hell I was suppose to eat breakfast with my uncles only to find out that my whole family left while I was sleeping so I didn't even get a chance to say goodbye to them then I come here and well you know the rest” I say getting everything off my chest. 
     “He is just mad right now just give him some time to cool off” Logan says as he rubs my back. Even tho all he is trying to do is calm me down I feel more pissed off. Gabe should be the one cooing me not him. I'm on this damn plane because I choice him over my family. He wants me to act like an adult fine I'll give him an adult. I clean my nose on the back of my hand and wipe my face “Where is he?” I ask. “I don't think it's a good idea for you to go talk to him right now,” Logan starts to say. I don't give a fuck if he isn't in the mood to talk right now I am. “Where is he?” I ask again more aggressively. “In the back room” he motions with his head. “Thank you” I say as I walk away. 
     Logan shakes his head “Not a good idea” he says so low I can barley hear it. He is right it's not a good idea if I wasn't so heated I would of given him time to calm down but that's not the case. I open the door which leads me into a small bed room. I find Gabe sitting on the edge of the bed with his head resting on his hand.
     All I want to do is throw myself around him but instead I close the door and lean into it for support. I feel so nervous not because I'm scare of him. I know he'll never hurt me. Where the hell did brave Jane go? What a fucking traitor she left me to deal with this on my own. “Do you want to talk about it?” I ask breaking the silence. I know I fucked up but he is making it worst with the way he is acting. “Now you want to fucking talk” he says sarcastically never lifting his head up. That's the last straw. “I know I fucked up by not telling you what happen with Mark. Just so you know I was going to tell you but I was waiting to tell you in person not over the phone because I knew how you were going to react. I'm sorry I really am but I swear it didn't mean anything to me”. 
     That's all I'm going to apologizes for, now it's his turn. He tugs on his hair as he sits in complete silence. I'm so close to walking over there and tugging on his hair so he can look at me but I won't cross that boundary no matter how mad I am. If he wants to act like a little big brat than that's on him I did my part. “You know what Gabe go fuck yourself” I say as I turn around to leave.
     Fuck him! Fuck everything! I open the door but Gabe slams it back catching me by surprise I didn't even hear him coming. “What did you say?” he ask very deep and low. He is so close that his words hit my skin causing me to shiver all over. I hate the my mind wants to kill him but my body is craving him. I really should make a doctor appointment to see what the hell is going on with me. He grabs me by my arm and spins me around “What. Did. You. Say?” he ask stopping in between words to make his point. His eyes are so dark and full of fury. If he thinks I'm going to be scare of him he has something else coming. “Go. Fuck. Your. Self.” I answer the same way he ask. He stares me straight in the eye and I hold his gaze even tho my heart is pounding so hard I can feel it in my throat. The harder I breath the faster my chest raises and falls. Every time I breath in my breast rubs against his chest. I'm so mad at him but at the same time I'm so turned on. I want him so bad having him this close to me and not being able to touch him is killing me. He looks so dark and sexy I can feel my underwear getting wet. What the hell is wrong with me? 
     “Fuck it” he says as he crash his lips against mines. I keep my mouth shut as his tongue tires to find a way in. God I want it in me so bad but he hasn't apologizes. He pins his body to mine and pushes his hard cock on me. That's my undoing. I open my mouth for his tongue to rape my mouth. He pulls my sweats down as I work on his jeans. Do you really want to do this? My mind ask mocking me. Hell yes! Fuck the apology you can get that later. My body answers. I walk us towards the bed as my hand goes inside his boxer. 
     I wrap my hand around his thick cock and we both moan out of pure pleasure. Fuck I want this all of this. He reach for the hem of my shirt and I break our kiss to let him take it off. In a quick movement he unclasp my bra and throws me on the bed. He reach over his head to take off his shirt and strips down. My lady parts go crazy as I enjoy him and all his glory. I will never get tired of seeing his perfect shape abs and that v of his pointing down to the part I need the most. He pushes my legs open and rips my pantie off like a wild animal and I love it. He pulls me towards him and in one quick move he pushes him self inside of me causing me to gasp for air. There is a little sting but I enjoy it. I'm discovering a new side of myself that I didn't even know existed. 
     I hate when some one is trying to control me but when it comes down to sex he can have it all. Gabe leans down and kiss the one tear that escape from when he pushed himself in me. I shove him away even tho all I want is to feel him close to me. This is not the moment to get emotional if I let him comfort me I'll start crying. He grabs my arms and pins them to the side of my head. I try getting out his hold but he is to strong for me “Fuck you” I growl out of frustration of having him inside of me and him not moving. “I think you mean fuck me” he smirks. That fucking smirk! I try pushing him off again but I got the same results. “Say it baby” he thrust inside. Fuck! That feels good but I won't say it. He leans down to kiss me but I move my head to the side so he kisses my cheek. “All you have to do is say it and I will” he whisper into the side of my neck causing my body to break into goosebumps. He pulls out only to slam back inside of me I bite down on my lip trying to keep my moan in. I fucking hate him right now! I want to bite, punch, and kick him all together. “Say it” he sucks on my earlobe. 
     I close my eyes and try to focus on anything instead of what I am feeling. I know he feels how turn on I am. Fuck it just say it my body screams at me. No don't my mind yells. I shake my head to the side trying to shake my thoughts away. He leans in and  pulls on my bottom lip. I sucked on his lip and his tongue enters my mouth once again. He runs his tongue on top of my mouth causing my body to shiver. Say it! My body cries. Fuck it say it! My mind agrees. Finally they agree in one thing. “Fuck me” I whisper so low that I barely hear it. “What?” He ask pushing me. He is going to make me say it again. “Fuck me!” I yell so loud before I regret it. “Your wishes are my command Muffin” he let's go of my hands and they instantly go around him. 
     He lifts my legs and starts to pound into me. Oh fuck yes! Yes! That feels fucking good. "Harder!" I order needing to release everything. He brings my right leg over his right shoulder and does the same with the left. Fuck it feels good no it fucking feels great. I feel him so deep inside of me that I feel like he can poke my heart. Every time he thrust inside of me I cry. “Oh fuck” I dig my nails into his arms. I'm so close but I don't want him to stop. He pushes inside of me and rotates his hips. “Oh fuck” it's getting harder for me to breath. “Come on Muffin” he begs me to let go. My orgasm hits me so hard that I feel it start from my head and spread through out my whole body. Within seconds Gabe drops on top of me out of breath. 
     Our bodies are cover in sweat and we are both panting that was fucking amazing! I swear sex with Gabe only gets better and better each time. “I'm sorry Muffin” he finally apologize. Now that my body and mind are relax my emotions creep their way in. I turn my head to the side trying to hide my stupid tears that I can't keep in no more. He cups my chin and turns my face towards him  “I really am sorry I acted like a dick it's just the thought of Mark or any one else kissing you makes me lose my mind”. I understand him because I don't like the thought of someone else kissing him. I would go crazy also but that was just the cherry on top. “It's been a long day” I whisper into his hand. He rolls off me pulling me into his arms. I lay my head on his chest as he runs his hand up and down my spine. I missed being like this with him listing to his heartbeat. “Want to talk about it?” he kiss the top of my head. 
      I wish I can tell him the truth about my dad but I can't. I hate lying to him but I don't want to compromise him with his work. He loves his jobs and I won't put him in a situation where he has to choice between me and his job because I have the feeling he would pick me. “It just been a crazy day starting with saying bye to my family and ending with Mark and everything he was saying” I say which is true. “I'm sorry for being a dick today out of all days it must have been really hard for you to say goodbye to them and instead of being there for you I let Mark get the best of me” he finally apologizes giving me a kiss on my head. I roll over and snuggle into his side as I pin my face into his neck.  
     “Everything is going to be fine I promise” he rubs my arm as he reassures me. There is loud knock on the door causing me to jump “Just making sure everyone everyone is still alive” Logan says I can tell he is smiling. Oh fuck I forgot he was even here he probably herd me yelling. I bury my face into his chest feeling a shame. “Everything is fine now go away” he yells as his chest moves from laughter. Of course he thinks this is funny he wasn't the one who was yelling fuck me from the top of his lungs. Now that I think about it he is an asshole for making me beg in the first place. 
     “You're an asshole” I say as I pinch his cute nipple. I don't know how a nipple is cute but his are. “Oww” he squirm away from me. “That's for making me beg” I say as I go for his other nipple. In a blink of an eye he rolls on top of me “Don't make me do it again” he pins my arms right besides me. There is no way I'm begging again. That was once in a life time kind of thing yet again I've already begged once I might as well take advantage of it. “Go fuck yourself” I say with amusement. His eyes turn into a darker shade of green “What did you just say?” he ask in a low husky voice causing me to tingle all over. “You herd me” I say trying my best not to laugh. He spreads my legs with his thighs and settles in “Say it” he says as his cock teases my slits. I know it's just a matter of seconds before I start begging but I'll make him work for it.
                               Chapter 32 Gabe
     Jane is fast asleep in my arms round two wore her out. I have to give her credit it did take her longer to beg than last time but at the end she finally gave in. I acted like such a dick to her thanks to Mark. I can't believe I let him get to me. Today out of all the days when she needed me the most I acted like the biggest asshole. I kind of wish Mark would of kicked my ass for it. “I'm sorry baby” I say even if she is sleeping I still want her to know I'm sorry. If it was up to me I would stay with her in bed the whole flight but I feel bad for Logan who is probably bored out his ass. I slowly lift her head off my shoulder and roll away from her. 
     She looks like a sex goddess laying naked with the sheets wrap around her and her wild red hair everywhere. I'm one lucky bastard to have her in my life. I reach for my cloths and get dress. My knuckles still hurt from hitting Mark they are actually swollen with dried blood on them. 
     “About damn time I thought I was going to have to kick the door down” Logan tease as soon as I stepped out. I don't mind him teasing me I'm used to it I just hope he doesn't tease Jane. “Shut the fuck up” I walk over to the mini bar. I grab a cup with ice and pour out some scotch I can't believe there is a mini bar in here. Now that my head is clear I can actually take everything in. The jet has a big flat TV hanging from the middle of the ceiling, the seats are made of leather and they are big enough for two people to sit in or you can pull them out, and they are spread apart from each other giving everyone their own space, and to top it off there is a small fridge in the right corner. “Shit if I had a jet like this I would live in it” Logan says as he pulls out his seat. I walk over to the seat across from him “You would have to I don't think you would be able to afford to rent a place”. I can just imagine how much this jet coast it would take me a life time and another to be able to afford this. It really opens my eyes. I knew Jane came from money but this is ridiculous. 
     “So how is Jane doing? She was a mess” he says making me feel worst. The fact that he ask about her before asking about me tells me that he considers her part of the family already. I take a sip of my scotch and enjoy the burning sensation as it goes down my throat. “She is sleeping right now” I answer. Hopefully she is in a better mood when she wakes up. “Good,” he nods “sucks that she couldn't say bye to her family” he adds. 
     That takes me by surprise what is he talking about? “What?” I ask confuse. “Turns out her family left last night while she was sleeping” he says. I feel an ache in my chest as soon as he says that. No wonder she was such a mess when she got to the airport. Why didn't she tell me? “How are you doing?” he finally ask. Well I was feeling like a dick before he told me this now I feel like the worst scum bag in the world. I rest my head on the chair “Like a dick head” I answer as I finish the rest of my drink. “Yeah you are a dick but it sounds to me like you made it up in there” he nods towards the room. I made it up to her with sex but it's not about sex. I need her to know that I'll always be there for her when she needs me. I need to be a better boyfriend but I don't even know how to be a boyfriend. This is my first real relationship so of course I'm going to fuck up it's in my genes. 
     “I don't blame you I would reacted the same if some one told me they kissed my girl” he adds. My hands automatically clench into fist just thinking of Mark kissing my girl. I focus on the sting coming from my knuckles instead of my anger. “Have you talked to Sophia?” he ask trying to change the subject. “No, I just send her a quick text this morning letting her know we're on our way” I answer as I stretch my side feels sore. I guess that ass face got a good hit after all. Sophia must be counting down the hours to see us.
     “Have you talked to Jane about her birth certificate?” he ask. I haven't had the chance to talk to her about that I don't know how to bring it up. Maybe I should wait until I have more information to tell her. First I need to find out what her parents real name are and I'll go from there. “No I haven't found the right time” I say. He nods his head “Well the good news is, if we still have a job, we'll have plenty of time behind a computer to dig around”. Knowing Balvin she is going to bury us with paper work. That's her punishment for us. She knows that we hate being stuck behind a computer. We love to be out in the street where the action is. 
     “Hey,” we both turn to look at Jane. She tied her wild hair into a messy bun on top of her head my cock jumps just seeing her. She looks so beautiful. “Hi Muffin” I smirk. She gives me her heart dropping smile as she makes her way over to me. “Looks like some one is glowing I wonder why?” Logan starts. Jane's cheeks turns into a light pink shade as she lays her head on my chest. “Leave her alone” I warn Logan. I give her a kiss on the head. She smells so good like coco but this time my scent is mixed with hers. “What are you guys talking about?” she ask as her ass rubs against my cock. I place my hands on her hips to make her stop before I fuck her in front of Logan. “Nothing just Logan here who is excited to get back home” I look over for him to go along. 
     “Really is there a special some one waiting for you?” she turns to face him. He looks a little surprise but then he recovers “I don't know about a some one more like a dozen” he winks. Jane let's out a laugh that makes me smile I love hearing her laugh. I wrap my arm around her waist and pull her into me. “You're a dog. Please tell me you weren't as bad as he is” she lifts her head up to look at me. 
     Logan is smirking waiting for my answer we both know I was as bad or even worst than him. Just to be clear I'm not proud of my past well at least now I'm not. “Of course not,” Logan jumps in before I answer which I'm thankful for “he was worst”. I glare at Logan wishing I can throw myself at him. Jane gives me a small friendly slap on the chest “Pig” she grins. “But unlike Logan over there I've turned a new leaf” I drop me head and give her a small peck on the lips. “You've better” she rubs her nose against mine. “Oh brother,” Logan throws his arms in the air. 
     “That reminds me,” Jane pulls back from me “if you ever give me an order again I will cut your balls off” she says with no humor in her voice. I knew I was going to pay for that comment. “Now that's more like it” Logan yells as he rubs his hands together “I have 5 on Jane”. I pull Jane in “I'm sorry for barking orders at you I'm just used to people doing what I say” fuck that didn't come out right. “Oh shit you done did it now” Logan chuckles. “Excuse me? I'm not some kind of puppy who is going to seat when you say so” she says. Damn I need to turn this around before it gets out of hand.“I know that's what I like about you” I quickly say. I see her face transform from upset to happy. “Booo, she isn't dumb to fall for that line” Logan says. Jane wraps her arm around my neck and pulls me in for a kiss. 
     She sucks on my bottom lip and shoves her tongue inside of my mouth before I can do it myself. “Well I guess I was wrong” Logan says with humor. I wrap my arm around Jane to stick my middle finger out at him. Jane starts to wiggle around causing me to break the kiss. I don't know how much more I can take before removing our cloths. “Oh come on I was just getting the popcorn” Logan cries. Jane's eyes bug out as she drops her head “Oh god” she mumbles. She must of forgotten Logan was sitting there. “Don't you have anything better to do?” I look over Jane to Logan. “Mm nope not really” he shrugs his shoulders. I hear Jane laughing “You know I still don't know how ya became best friends”. Logan looks over to me and we just start laughing “I'll tell you” Logan beams.
      “It all start when I was 4 years old,” he say as if he was old as hell I can't stop myself from chuckling “It was my first day of school I was so excited and I was looking handsome like always. My mother drove me to school she even walked me all the way inside the class room. I didn't know any one in there but me being the brave boy that I was, I wasn't worry. I walked inside and that's when I saw this little boy crying in his seat-”
     “Alright alright I got it from here,” I interrupt him. Jane turns to face me with a smile that reaches her eyes “First of all I was crying because I didn't get to see my favorite cartoon show earlier that day” I lie. The real reason why I was crying was because I was scare out of my mind. “And Logan over here was crying as soon as he walked in. He was hugging his mom's leg like his life depended on it.” Jane looks over to Logan and giggles “So his mom walks over to the desk besides me with Logan around her leg. The teacher had to come and help her unwrap him off her. Once Logan was in his seat his mom left so there we were both crying our eyes out wanting our mommies” I smile to myself. That's when we both looked at each other and bust out laughing. 
     “Men you were one ugly mother fucker crying with boogers running down your face” Logan says. “Oh cause you looked so much better with those hiccups you had” I defend myself. “And that's when it all started after that we realized we took the same bus because we lived around the corner from each other” Logan finish the story. “Aww that is the cutest story I've ever herd” Jane smiles. “If you think that was cute wait until you hear the rest,” Logan says. I pull the chair out and snuggle with Jane this is going to be a long walk down memory lane. 
                                 Chapter 33 Jane
     I'm so exhausted I never want to get on another plane ever again. We arrived at 3 am this morning we came straight to Gabe's house to sleep. I'm dying to see Sophia but I needed to catch up on some sleep. Let's just say I really didn't get any shut eye on the plane. Who would of thought being in the air turned me on some much especially during the night. Being with Gabe always feels like flying but having sex in the air was magical especially being surrounded by stars and the moon. “Mm good morning Muffin,” Gabe says in his morning voice. How did he know I was awake? “Morning,” I reply as I snuggle into him. “Now this is how I want to wake up every morning with your ass teasing me” he wraps his arm around my naked body and pulls me in. His cock is laying right in between my thighs causing me to squirm. How can I be this wet and horny so early in the morning? 
     “What are you thinking about?” he says as his hand cups my sex. “Aaa,” I moan as his finger trace my lips “You” I say out of breath. “Let me take a wild guess,” he says as he wraps my leg over his waist “about this?” he slides his cock inside of me. I throw my head back into his chest as he slowly rocks inside of me “Oh fuck yes”.
     *********************************************
     “What are we doing here?” I ask Gabe. We were on our way to see Sophia's but instead he bought me over to this building. “I just have to pick some thing up really quick” he says pulling me with him. I don't understand why I had to come with him when I could of stayed in the car where it's warm. I had no idea how cold it really got during the winter. “It better be quick or I am leaving you” I warn him. I'm dying to see Sophia and Liam hopefully they're together. He knocks on the door as I shift from one leg to another impatiently. 
     The door flies open and Sophia is standing there “Oh my god! Jane!” she pulls me into a hug as we scream and jump around. “Sofy!” I yell. What is she doing here? “Alright enough it's my turn,” Liam snatch me away from Sophia's arms. I wrap my arms around Liam it feels so great being around them again. I feel tears building up in my eyes ready to drop at any second. “Come in don't just stand there” he pulls me into the apartment. “Oh my god I thought I was never going to see you again,” Sophia says as she wraps her arms around me “You've lost weight we need to fill you up again”. I laugh she would be the one to notice my weight loss. “Well thank you for bring my girl back I guess I have to pay you with my body” Liam walks towards Gabe as he sways his hips to the side. I can't stop myself from smiling I guess nothing has change while I was gone. 
     Gabe slides to the right avoiding him “I don't think so bud” he smiles. It seems like they really have become good friends since I left. 
     “Don't worry babe I'm not crushing on him no more I have a new crush” Liam says to reassure me. “Oh really who has taken Gabe's place?” I ask. Last time I check Liam was Gabe's number one groupie. Gabe and Sophia laugh from besides me. I wonder what's so funny? There is another knock on the door “That would be him” Liam smiles as he goes for the door. “Get ready” Sophia whispers. I look over to Gabe who is just smiling. “Well hello there handsome” Liam says. I look around Gabe to find Logan standing there with two pizza boxes. “Not now Liam” Logan scowls as he pass by him. I can't stop myself from laughing. Logan is his new boy toy? How did this happen? I need to hear this story.
     “Wait what are you doing here?” I ask Sophia finally remembering where we are. I was just going to her house to see her why is she here? “Oh how silly of me welcome to my new home” she smiles as she spreads her arms. “I think you mean our new home” Liam jumps in. 
     “Oh” I say trying to hide my disappointment. I'm glad that she found some one else to help her with the rent. I was hoping I still had my room at her apartment but I guess I'm just going to have to look for my own place. “Come we have a surprise for you” Sophia says. I look over to Gabe who smiles and walks into the kitchen with Logan. Liam grabs my other arm “Close your eyes sugarplum”. I do as what I'm told I wonder what's my surprise. They walk my down the hallway and stop in front of a door “Okay open them” they both say in union. 
    My eyes fly open at the same time they open the door in front of me. “Oh my god” I bring my hand to cover my mouth. I look around the room all my stuff is in here, this is my room. They fixed it like my old room. “You didn't think I would moved with out you? Did you?” Sophia says from besides me. I feel guilty because I really did think she moved with out me. “Thank you” I turn to wrap them up into a bear hug. “You're going to ruin my mascara” Liam says through a stuffy nose. “Pizza is getting cold” Logan yells from the kitchen.  
     “Why did you move?” I ask Sophia as we sit around the table. “Well after everything that happen with Mark, neither Gabe or Logan thought it was a good idea for me to stay there” she answers from besides Logan. I find it interested that she is sitting besides him when there is more empty seats. I don't know why I have a feeling there is something there. “So Logan informed me that there was this apartment for rent in his building and I jumped on it” Gabe answers. Interesting we're going to live in the same building as Logan this should be fun. “And I thought it was a good idea to have a man around,” Liam adds “that's why I agreed to move in with you guys to have Logan and Gabe around”. I let out a small laugh as I watch Logan shake his head and Gabe chuckle. I look around the table and smile to myself. It doesn't matter where I'm if I have all of them with me I will always feel at home. They are my family. The only person missing to complete this circle is Sammy. Now that I think about it I wonder if she'll pick up her phone if I call her again. 
     “Okay enough with all this chitchat let's get down to the important stuff tell us what happen?” Sophia ask. Liam leans into his elbow to give me his full attention. Oh great now all the attention is on me. I start playing with my bracelet as I start the story. I end up telling them everything that happen after Mark shot Gabe. I even told them about his love confession. I had to hold Gabe's hand to help him control his anger through that part. I told them everything expect the part about my father of course. “Oh my god” Sophia says shock. “What a sick mother fucker” Liam adds and I nod in agreement. “He is one crazy asshole” Logan says while Gabe just stays quite besides me. I squeeze his hand for comfort I know he needs it right now.
     “Oh now that I remember,” Sophia says. I'm so thankful for the change of subject. She jumps up and walks over to the cabinet “this came in the mail for you” she hands me a big orange envelope. “What's that?” Gabe ask. I shrug my shoulders I have no idea what this could be. I flip the envelope and there is a stamp from the private investigator I hired. 
     My heart drops to my stomach. Inside of this envelope is the answer to all my prayers. Inside of this envelope is the truth about my mother. Am I ready to know everything about her? What really happen to her? To know where she is bury? Is there a picture of her inside here? Of course I am this is what I've been waiting for all my life.
     “Get her some water she looks pale as fuck” Gabe barks. “Are you okay baby” he shifts his body towards me. I can't find my voice so I just nod my head. I wish I had my father or Sammy here with me. “Here babe” Liam place a water glass in front of me. With shaky hands I reach for it and take a sip out if it. The cold water feels amazing on my dry lips. “Do you want me to open it for you” Gabe offers. 
     I shake my head and pin the envelope to my chest like my life depended on it. I need to do this myself. “Okay baby just relax” he tries calming me down. Why am I freaking out? I feel every one's eyes on me. I must seem like a crazy person. They don't know how important this is for me. I tare the envelope open and pull out the paper out. 
           Dear Mrs. Carter........
    My eyes feel like they are running a mile that's how fast I'm reading the letter. Wait what? How is this possible? Any hope of finding my mother just died after finishing reading this letter. I feel my soul leave my body. This can't be true. “Oh my God” I cry as my body goes limp. “Bring me the alcohol!” that's the last thing I hear before everything goes dark.
