

                                  Prologue

     I have always been daddy's little girl especially since I'm his only child and I loved it. I loved being the center of his world. He would spoiled me with everything I wanted. I never met my mother she died when I was a toddler. I don't know how she died and every time I asked my dad he would avoid the topic so I stop asking. All I know about my mother is that her name was Catherine she had me at age 15. My father was 17 at the time. She died at the age of 18. When I was only 3 so I really don't have any memories of her. Everyday I try to remember her but I always come out empty handed. It's funny how I can remember some thing so non important like the day I lost my first tooth. I was 5 years old and was eating an apple. I even remember the color of the apple which was green. I took a bite of the apple and when I pull back my tooth was still in it. I can remember that but I can't remember my mom. I can't even remember what she looks like and it's not like I have a picture of her.  My father made sure nothing was left of her after she died. I guess it was to painful for him to remember her. If it hurts me that I have no memory of her I can just imagine how much it hurts him. Part of me thinks that my father spoils me as much as he does because he wants to make up for the fact that I don't have a mom. Even tho I never had a mom my dad made sure that I always felt love. I had a typical childhood my father always try his best to be there for me when I needed him although most of the time he was busy working. I don't remember him having any girlfriends. Which is weird because my father is still young and very handsome. He is about 6'2, light hazel eyes, short brown hair, and if I might say so myself he is fit for an old man. Well like I said he isn't that old he is 37 soon to be 38. If you ask me I think the reason why he never dates it's because he still is in love with my mom. Which I think it's so romantic. Growing up I was always surrounded by armed men. At first I thought it was pretty cool it made me feel like some one really important to the world. When I was about 7 I asked my father why we always had armed men around us. He said “They are here to protect you after all you are a princess”. Of course in that time I really did believe I was a princess. I lived in this huge house that looked like a castle, we had maids, every one treated me like a princess, and they even called my father king. My life was a fairy tail everything was fine until the day I found out the real reason why they called him “El Rey”. My father is one of the top most wanted drug dealer in America. His code name is “El Rey”. No girl wants to believe that their daddy, who is suppose to be their knight and shiny armor, is actually the big bad dragon. I lived in a bubble full of lies until I was 16 I remember it like if it was just yesterday.
                           ************************ 
     “Dad how come we never go out?” I ask my dad who is eating his dinner. We have all this money but we never go out. We are one of the richest family in Las Vegas my father owns many business. Including his own casinos if that's not rich than I don't know what rich is. My father has his own collection of brand new cars. Every year my father buys the newest car models that comes out and gives the old ones away to his employees. To top it off we lived in a huge house no scratch that a mansion. If my father really wanted too he could own a whole country. “Princess why would you want to go out? You have everything you need in here. You have your own movie theater, bowling alley, mall, gym, swimming pool inside and out. What else do you need?” he asked. I know he is right I do have all I need in here heck if I wanted my own Disney World I would have it but that's not the point. I've learned the hard way that you can have everything you want and still not be happy. “Friends,” I say annoyed “I am a teenager I should be able to go out and do teen stuff”. What's the point of having all of this if I have no one to share it with? Have you ever try bowling by yourself? Well let me tell you it's boring. This house feels so big and lonely with just me in it. My father is always busy working so it's only me and Nina, my nanny. Nina has been with me since I can remember. I love having her around but some times I wish I had some one my own age to hang out with. I have Sammy but she is 3 years younger than me. At that moment Brians, my father's personal assistant, walks in with Poppy, his body guard, dragging a man. The man is cover in blood. “Oh my Gosh! Some one call the ambulance” I yelled to one of the maids. What the hell is going on? What happen to him? I try getting up to help him but my legs aren't responding. I have never seen so much blood before. My stomach feels quizzy and I feel all color leaving my face. “What the hell Brains?,” my dad asks furious as he walks over to me “You better have a good damn reason to bring that garbage around Jane”. Garbage? I can't believe what I am hearing. What is my dad talking about that's a man! A human being for crying out loud. I stared at my dad in disbelieve why isn't he freaking out? Why is he calling that poor man garbage? Why does he sound mad instead of worry? And why in the hell is any one getting him some help! “Jane Princess snap out of it” I hear my dad's voice but I can't move. My body and mind is still in shock. All I can focus on is that poor man cover in blood. My mind is telling me to look away but my body refuses to listen. Is he even breathing? “Senor Rey,” I hear Brain “I'm sorry I had no idea Misses. Jane was here”. Where in the hell would I be? Everyone knows I'm not allow to go out. Wait is this what happens behind my back? “Get him out of here and clean up that mess. I'll deal with you later” my father barked. Brains nods as they turn to leave the man lifts up his head and our eyes lock. His eyes are fill with pain and fear. My stomach turns I think I'm going to be sick. I try to look away but I can't his eyes are begging me to help him. What should I do? Should I call the cops? How can I help him when I can't even move? My eyes follow his blood as it drips down his face onto the floor. His blood is forming a small puddle underneath him. My eyes travel up his face until I find his eyes again. That's the last thing I remember before everything goes dark. “Princess wake up” I hear my father's voice but it sounds far away. Oh god what is that smell? It's so strong. I move my head to the side trying to get away from that smell. “That's it princess smell it” my dad said. This has to be the most disgusting smell ever. I open my eyes and find my dad and Nina staring at me every thing looks blurry “What happen?”. My head is pounding so hard it feels like some one is hitting me with a hammer. All I want to do is pop it off. I try to sit up but everything starts to spin so I lay back down. “Princess you fainted” my dad says calmly. What? Why would I fainted? That doesn't make sense and then everything comes rushing back. “Holly shit!” I quickly sit up causing everything to spin again. I remember the blood, the man asking for help. “What happen to the poor man?” I whisper afraid of what the answer will be. “Watch your language Jane you are a young lady and that's no way to speak” my father frowns. Is he kidding me? He is worry about my language when there is or was a dying man downstairs. I lift my head and sarcastically say “I am sorry where is-” 
“Don't worry about that princess just rest. I'll be back later to check on you” he interrupts me before I finish my sentence. Why is he avoiding my questions? He walks out like if nothing happen like if I had never seen the man. Nina gives me a small smile and turn to leave. Oh no she don't. “Nina,” I grab her hand “what's going on?” She smiles and caresses my cheek “Nothing butterfly”. I know there is something going on here I'm no fool. Lately I have notice that they are keeping things from me. I can read Nina and my dad like a book so I don't know why they even try hiding things from me.
“Don't lie to me Nina not you, you always tell me the truth” I beg. If there is anyone that I can trust to tell me what's going on it's her. “I'm afraid I'm not the one that has to tell you the truth this time” she pats my hand and I feel disappointed. “Nina please” I give her my sad puppies eyes that I have master since I was 5. That look has gotten me any thing I wanted from that day on. “Butterfly you know I love you as if  you were my own. Trust me when I say let this one go” she squeezed my hand before leaving. It must be something huge if Nina is trying to keep it from me. If there is anything that 
Nina or anyone should already know about me is that I never let anything go. Once there is a question in my mind I don't rest until I find the answers. I always find out what I want to know. You know I never really understood why they called my dad king. Now that I'm older I know for a fact that we aren't royalty. So why do they call him that? Maybe it's a nickname. I don't even think they know his real name.  I reach under my bed for my laptop to Google “El Rey”. When ever there is something I don't know I always Google it. As soon as I type in the nickname a million of headlines pops up. Seriously where the hell have I been? I click on the first link and start reading. I can't believe what I'm reading this is horrible. There is no way that this man “El Rey” can be my father. He is a monster, murder, kidnapper, a drug dealer. I click on the next link and on the next they get worst by the page. This can't be right. I search for a picture but nothing comes up. Apparently no one has ever seen this man's face and who ever has they end up missing. I need answers and the only one that can give them to me is my dad. My father can't be this man there is no way I need to hear him denied this. I jump off the bed almost tripping over my rug and run downstairs to his office. There is two armed men standing in front of his office and I walk towards them. I have no time to deal with these two right now I need to get to my dad. “Get out of my way I need to speak to my father” I rush pass them. One of them stretch his arm out for me not to pass “I am sorry Miss. Jane but he is busy right now”. Busy? He is never busy for me. They should now better than that. I roll my eyes out of annoyance “I am his daughter and if you two want to keep your jobs then you'll let me through”. I hate acting like a spoil brat but they leave me no other choice. He looks over to the other man asking for permission but he shakes his head “Sorry Miss. Jane I'll tell him you stop by”. What? Are they serious right now? They aren't going to let me pass? I'm so mad I feel like breaking their necks. I might be only 5'2 and weight about 130 but I can sure kick some ass. Thanks to my father insisting me to take kickboxing classes I can kick some serious ass. My dad thinks that every girl should know how to protect themselves just in case they need to. I know I can't beat them but I can give them a hell of a run for their money. But all they are doing is their jobs and it wouldn't be fare to take out my frustration on them. “Fine just tell him to come see me as soon as he can” I spin around not giving them a chance to answer. Half way to my room my stomach growls now that I remember I didn't eat my dinner. I should go get something to eat as I walk to the kitchen I hear screaming and a noise that sounds like a chain saw. Is some one watching a horror movie? I love scary movies. Should I follow the noise or go make some thing to eat? You know how in every movie there is the dumb girl that follows the noise while you are yelling at her to walk the other way? Well that girl will be me. I follow the noise and it leads me to the backyard. Who would be watching a movie in the back yard? I peak through the glass door and what I see takes my breath away. “Please I am sorry it won't happen again I promise” the man cries. He is still alive but he is tied up to a tree. Poppy is standing to his right carrying a chainsaw. What in the world is going on? Am I in some kind of freaking nightmare. My heart is beating so hard and my eyes are starting to get fill with tears. I want to walk away but my feet are glue to the floor. What is going on with my mind and body today it seems like they can't get along. “You're right it won't happen again,” he yanks back the string and the chainsaw roars to life. My body starts to shake. “See you in hell” Poppy smirks. He isn't going to do what I think he is. Is he? “No please don't I'm sorry” the man yells. Poppy runs the chainsaw across the man's neck ignoring him. I hear the man screaming for help and I cover my mouth with my shaky hands to keep me from joining him. My eyes fill up with tears as I watch how the man's head drops to the ground. Oh god I'm diffidently about to be sick any moment now. I can't believe what I just saw. Poppy turns his head to where I'm standing and I run to my room before he can see me. Oh god did he see me? If he did is he going to kill me? I close the door behind me and thrown my self in my bed. I bury my face into the pillow and let out the scream that has been dying to come out. My body starts to shake as I sob. My mind is on overdrive trying to understand what I have just saw. I keep replaying over and over again what just happen. I have never been so scare in my life all I want to do is hide under my covers. After what seems like a life time I finally get my self together. I need to stay strong if I am going to face my dad. Now more than ever I need to know the truth. There is a knock on my door and my soul jumps out of my body. I'm still shook from what I saw earlier. My father walks in the room “Princess I herd you wanted to talk to me” he is calmer than I have ever seen him. I grab my pillow and put it in front of me. I have to play with something to keep my nerves on check. Every time I'm nervous about something I always have to have something in my hands. “Sit dad” I nod to the chair. I need to find the right way to confront him. I can't even manage to look at him right now with out crying. My emotions are all over the place I'm mad, sad, confuse, scare, hurt, angry, all in one. I can't be sitting down right now I need to be moving. I stand and start to pace around trying to find a way to start this conversation it's not everyday you have to confront your drug dealer of a father. “Your going to make a hole in the carpet” he teased. “Okay” I pull a chair to sit next to him. I need to look at him straight in the eyes to make sure he won't lying to me. “I need you to tell me the truth no matter how bad it is I need to know” I say. He stares into my eyes “I promise”. I know he is telling the truth. Her goes nothing I take in a big breath “What is your occupation?”. I play with my hands trying to keep my eyes on him. He stayed quite for a few seconds debating if he should tell me the truth, that I all ready know, or to keep lying. The suspense is killing me every second feels like a minute and every minute feels like an hour. I don't know which one would hurt more him lying to me or him telling me the truth. “I am a drug lord” he finally spoke. The little hope I was holding on to just died. It's one thing to think you know some thing and a different thing to really know it. My heart hurts it feels like every time it pumps instead of sending blood it sends pain. I can't move, tears are falling down my face uncontrollably, I can't react. My whole world just came crushing down on me in matter of seconds. Everything that I thought about my childhood has been a lie. How could he do something like that to me? Maybe he should of just keep lying to me because the truth hurts like hell. “Jane baby listen to me” he reaches for my hand but I pull it away from him. I don't want him to touch me right now. I don't even know who this man in front of me is. “You're el-” I can't even finish my sentence. “Jane let's talk about this. I'll answer all your questions but you have to talk to me” he plead. I can hear the sadness in his voice but it doesn't do nothing for me. Now he wants to talk. He had all this time to tell me the truth but he didn't. He waited for me to find out on my own. “You want to talk about how you're a murder? A monster?” my voice comes out wobbly thanks to the crying. I can see how much my words hurt him but I don't care I want him to feel the same way I do. I want him to feel crush, hurt, and devastated. I don't want to be the only person in this room with her heartbroken. “No! Jane” he moves closer to me “I am none of that. I'm your father the same father that loves, cares, and adores you. The same father that you ran to every time you were scare. The same father who gave you everything you wanted. The same father that would give his life to protect you. Nothing has change I'm Jose Santana your father. El Rey is some one else that you will never meet”. What in the world is he saying? He would give up his life to protect me but he just fail to do so. He didn't protect me from his lies. He didn't protect me from the only person who could hurt me himself. How can you be two different people I don't understand. I have no energy to keep fighting with him this is getting us no where. I'm not in the right state of mind to keep arguing with him. “Okay dad” I end up saying. He pulls me into a hug but I don't return it. I'm to numb to feel anything. My hands are glue to my side I can't move them. He gives me a kiss on the forehead “Te amo Jane”. Does words cut me deep inside before they would make me feel happy and important but right now they hurt more than anything else. “I love you too dad” my voice sounds dead just like me. My dad gives me a squeeze and walks out of the room leaving me with my pain. Once he was out of my room I let go of everything that I was holding in. I cried for the life that I once had. I cried because everything has change life as I knew it was gone. I cried for my father and me. I cried for the man who lost his life. That was the start of my new life.
                                   Chapter 1
 4 Years later  
    “What would you like for your birthday Princess?” my father ask while we eat dinner. Every year is the same question and the answer is always the same. “Nothing really” I reply dryly as I play around with my food. He knows that I don't like celebrating my birthday I don't know why he even ask. Ever since I found out the truth about my father I haven't been the same. I'm no longer that girl who gets excited for her birthday and the gifts. “Princess you only turn 20 once how about we throw a party to celebrate that you're almost an adult” he says. I fight the urge to smile deep down I was hoping he would say that. This party will be the perfect distraction just what I need. I waited for him to bring it up because if I brought it up myself it would of sound suspicious. “Sure why not” I give him a small smile pretending to not care. Even tho deep inside I'm jumping from excitement. After dinner I walk upstairs and start planning for the party. I need to make sure everything goes as plan. I hear my phone ring and I answer with out looking. 
“Yellow”.
“Jane!” my cousin Sammy yells. 
“Hi prima” I reply just hearing her makes me smile.
“Tio called and told me that you are throwing a party on Saturday for your birthday”.
“Yeah nothing big same old same old” I lay down on my bed.
“We have to go shopping!” she beams.
 I roll my eyes even tho she can't see me “Sammy you know damn well that my dad and tio won't let us go out”. My uncle Jay is just like my father overprotected. If it was up to them we wouldn't be allow to breath fresh air.
“I know that silly but you know what they say if Noah don't go to the mountain than the mountain goes to Noah”. I can't help but to bust out laughing. Sammy always tries to sound smart but comes out the complete opposite.
“That's so not how it goes” I clean my tears. Sammy isn't the brightest one out of all of us but she has a good heart.
“How does it go then smart ass?” she ask.
“If the mountain don't go to Muhammad then Muhammad goes to the mountain” I correct her. How would a mountain even go to Muhammad? Who ever came up with that saying didn't think it all the way through.
“That's what I said the only differences was the name but anyways I'll have my dad bring us a whole mall so we can shop” she says.
I really don't feel like shopping I have a closet full of brand new cloths. But any time I get to spend with Sammy I'll take it.
“Sounds good to me” I reply.
“Kay prima see you then” she hangs up.
Sammy is more than a cousin to me she is like a little sister combine with a best friend. She has been my partner and crime since I can remember. I can't even remember how many times we got in trouble for doing what we weren't suppose too. I walk over to my closet to start separating my cloths into two piles. One pile is made up of fancy, classy, expensive, designer cloths that my father insist on buying me. He thinks that by buying me the newest hottest designer cloths I would go back to my old self. He doesn't get that all of this don't mean nothing to me it's just material. The second pile is made up of normal none expensive cloths. I love being comfortable I don't need a 500 hundred dollar shirt that will fit the same as a 20 dollar shirt. Don't get me wrong I'm all for pampering myself all I'm saying is that there is nothing wrong with cheap cloths. “Butterfly?” Nina says scaring the shit out of me. I didn't even hear her walk in. “What are you doing?” she walks towards me. I take a moment to collect myself before answering. “Nothing Nina just picking out some cloths to donate” I finally say once I get my voice back in check. She walks over to the second pile “I can take this downstairs and have some one take it for you”. She thinks nothing about me donating cloths because I always do. I have way to much cloths some of them I don't even get to wear. Instead of having them hang in my closet for ever I decided to donate them to people who have nothing and deserve it all. Everything I have has been giving to me I have never earn any of it and that makes me feel like a brat. I can't let her take that pile because I need it for something else but I can't give her the other one either with the new cloths because she will know something is up. Think Jane think. “Thanks but I'm not done with that pile yet so I'll take it downstairs when I finish” I concentrate on folding the shirt in front of me. I avoid looking at her she can always tell when I'm lying. “Butterfly you're so sweet and kind just like your mother” she taps my shoulder and leaves before I start asking questions about my mom. No one is allow to talk about my mother especially with me. Every time I ask my dad the answer is always the same she died when I was young. I know that already but I don't know how she died. I don't even know where she is buried. I wish I had a tomb to take flowers on mother days, on her birthday, or when ever I feel like talking to her. It seems like she never existed like if she is just a figment of my imagination. Well that is going to change pretty soon. I need to find out what really happen to her and I need to find out where she is buried. I should at least be able to visit her tomb when ever I want. Thursday comes around so fast and my nerves are on the edge for Saturday. Everything has to come out just right I can't mess this up because this might be the only chance I get. “Jane!” my father yells from downstairs “Sammy is here”. I have been waiting for her all day. She has been bothering me to go over so we can pick out our outfit for the party but I haven't had time to go over until today. I run downstairs and embrace her in a big hug. I miss seeing her face. “Well I'm happy to see you too prima” she hugs me back. She has no idea how happy and sad I am to see her. “Come on daddy has a mall waiting for us at the house” she pulls me towards the door. “Be safe you too” my father calls after us. “Bye dad” I wave to him. I don't know why he makes such a big deal we have no neighbors around us and the only ones we do have live miles and miles away from us and if that wasn't bad enough it's my uncle's house. One of the men in black opens the door for us Sammy and I came up with their nick names after watching the movie. When we were younger we use to pretend that they were here to protect us from nasty roaches. “How annoying is this? I can't even drive to your house with out Will Smith and Tommy Lee” Sammy says. Sam still don't know what the family business is and I'm not going to be the one to pop her bubble. I know she has the right to know what's going on but I can't be the one to break her heart. I see the way she looks at her father the love and respect she has for him. That's the same way I used to look at my father before I found out everything and I won't be held responsible for killing that. No girl should look at her father differently. “They are just doing their job” I try not to laugh but fail miserly. She needs them around to keep her safe and I know why but she doesn't. “I know but they are still annoying,” she rolls her eyes at them “I can't wait to go try on the cloths and they even brought shoes!”. Sammy knows that high heels are my weakness. Show me a cute pair of heels and I'm a goner. “Hi, tio” I greet my uncle Jay as we walk in. Uncle Jay is my dad's older brother. They look exactly the same they can play it off as twins if they wanted to. My uncle Jay is my second favorite person in the world he has always spoiled me when ever my father wasn't around. He always let Sammy and me get away with almost everything. “Jane, how are you?” he gives me a hug. “Good and you? Where is Jr?” I return the hug smelling him in. Call me weird but I like smelling people. No one person smells the same they all have their different scent. “I'm fine baby girl and Jr is traveling you know he can never stay in one place for to long” he walks over to Sam and gives her a kiss. Jr is Sammy's older brother he is one year older than me. Unlike Sammy he knows the truth about our family business and he isn't a big fan of it either. Once he found out the truth he packed his shit up and hit the road. He only comes back once a year to visit Sam. My uncle was disappointed when he found out that Jr didn't want nothing to do with this life style so they don't get along. “Sammy has a whole mall waiting for you downstairs take what ever you want it's my treat” he says. By the way Sammy is jumping with excitement you'll would think it's her birthday instead of mines. “Thanks tio” I try to sound excited. “De nada” he gives us a last hug and walks out. “Come on” Sammy drags me downstairs. My jaw drops when I see all the cloths and shoes waiting for us. They weren't kidding when they said there was a whole mall down here I don't even know where to start. “Come on don't just stand there we have some shopping to do” Sam hollers. We shopped and talk for hours. I can talk to her all day and never get bored. “You know you can take anything you want not just that dress and those shoes” she points out when we finally pick out our outfits. I know that I can take anything I want but there is no point in taking more cloths that I am not going to wear. “What's wrong prima? You have been acting weird all day and your eyes are so sad. You look at me like you want to tell me something” she grabs my hand. I forgot how well she knows me. I wish I can tell her everything but I don't want her to carry this burden.  “Nothing is wrong I am fine” I try brushing her off. “I know what's wrong” she says and I start to panic. How did she find out? I thought I was being careful. “You do?” I ask tightly. “Yeap you are sad because you miss your mom,” thank god she think is that “Right?” she leans in. “You got me” I say feeling relief that my secret is still safe. She is right I do feel sad about my mom not being with me. Every year the pain gets worst. As I grew up I realize how much a girl needs their mom in their life. Sammy knows exactly how I feel because her mom left her and Jr a few years ago. Aunt Sandy was a hoe. Sorry to say it so bluntly but that's the truth. She couldn't keep her vagina in her pants. One day a younger man came around gave her attention and that's all it took for her to leave my uncle and her kids behind. What kind of mom can leave there kids behind just like that? “Aww prima is okay everything is going to be fine I promise” she gives me a hug. I'm trying so hard to hold in the tears that want to fall down. I hold on to her for what seems like for ever. Well at least that's what it feels like to me anyways. “Jane,” I hear uncle Jay “Brian is here”. I let go of Sammy and pick up my dress and shoes “Come on time for me to go back to my prison” I walk upstairs. “Bye tio thank you for the cloths and see you on Saturday” I give him a hug goodbye. It's funny how this kind and loving man is also a monster just like my father. “Bye prima” Sam gives me another hug and I can't help but to feel guilty for lying to her. “Come on Brain where did you leave Pinky?” I tease him. “I see some one got their sense of humor back” he reply. I been kind of off lately worrying about the party. “Some one has to make all ya mummies laugh” I smirk. He gives me a ghost smile. In a dysfunctional way Brain is like a godfather to me he has known me since I was a baby. He is in charge of my fathers and my safety. My father wouldn't trust my life with no one else but him. “Miss. Jane,” he says. I lift my head to look at him through the mirror “I just want to say that I am proud of the young lady that you have blossom into. I been in this life style for a long time and I have never met some one with such a good heart like yours. If there is any one that deserve better than all of this is you”. Hearing him say that makes me feel sad inside. “Thanks Brain” I smile. I don't understand how they can all live a double life. How they go from sweet and kind to evil and bad? It's like they can switch their humanity on and off when ever they need to. I don't know how they do it. I have been living in hell ever since I found out. At first I was in denial then I tried accepting it. I accepted the fact that this is my father's lifestyle and that there is no turning back for him. I even understand that he has to turn into a monster that's the way he does business I don't approve of it but I accept it. That doesn't mean that this is what I want for my life. I don't want any of it not the money or the power. All I want is my freedom and that has no price.
                                       Chapter 2
     “Happy Birthday Princess” I open my eyes to find my father staring at me with a huge smile. I love that smile of his it' so warm and full of love. This is the side of my father that I love to see. I look around the room and see pink balloons everywhere. Ugh I hate the color pink. Why does everyone think that just because you are a girl your favorite color is pink? “Thanks dad” I smile. He leans in and gives me a kiss on the forehead “Only the best for my baby girl”. Nina walks in with a tray of fruits and blueberry pancakes my favorite. “Happy birthday butterfly” she puts down the tray and wraps me into a hug. “Thanks Nina you shouldn't have” I hug her back pressing my cheek into her chest. She always makes me feel loved she is the closest thing I have to a mom. “Don't be silly child,” she gives me a smile “it's my pleasure”. I fight the tears that are forming in my eyes. God what is wrong with me? I can't keep my emotions on check lately. “Well I have to go add some few details to the party I'll see you later princess” my father gives me another kiss and walks out the room. “How are you feeling butterfly?” she ask. Nina can sense there is something bothering me. How she does it I have no idea. She knows me better than my own father. I put my best smile on trying to fool her “Great it's my birthday”. She shakes her head “Butterfly I am your nanny I've change your dirty diapers. I know when you are happy, sad, and when you're lying. So let me ask you again how are you feeling?”. I don't know what to say so I shove a fruit in my mouth to buy some time. If she keeps pushing me I'm going to end up telling her the truth. “Same old same old” I say. “Butterfly you know you can trust me with anything right?” she ask. Of course I know I can trust her. She has been my best friend in this hell I call life I just don't want to put her in the middle of anything. “I want you to have this,” she takes out a white envelope from behind her back “but don't open it now wait until after the party”. Why do I have to wait to open it? I take the envelope which is heavy and thick. I wounder what's inside. “Thanks Nina” I smile. “Don't open it until after” she gives me a hug before walking out. I walk to the closet and hide the envelope if I hold on to it I'm going to end up opening it. Today is the big day there is no turning back down now. After I shower I start to get ready for the party. If there is one thing that calms me down is doing my make-up. I learn how to do make up by watching videos online. That's just one of many things I needed my mother for. Let's not even talk about the first time I got my period. Boy was that an awkward conversation with my father. I add some moose to control my curls I decide to wear my hair down. I got my color hair from my dad just one of many traits I got from him. I got his color hair, his nose, and his attitude. I think I got my eyes, smile, and height from my mom. I walk over to my bed and change into my outfit. The dress is very simple nothing out of the original. It's a long one shoulder black dress with a splitting on the side. I'm putting the last details on my make up when there is a knock on the door. “Come in” I say as I put on mascara. “Oh my butterfly you look gorgeous” Nina walks in. “I clean up pretty nice huh?” I spin for her to get a full view. “You look like a doll” she says with tears in her eyes. I guess I'm not the only one feeling emotional today. “This old thing” I try brushing it off. “I got you something” she pulls out a small blue jewelry box. “Another gift? I thought the envelope was my gift?” I say surprise. “Well this is part two of your gift but you can open this one right now” she hands it over to me. I open the box and pull out a gold necklace with a Celeste blue butterfly my favorite color. “Wow Nina it's beautiful” I hug her and take in her scent for the last time. I feel a knot forming inside my throat but I swallow it back down I can't break now. “Can you put it on?” I hand her the chain and turn around to hide my sadness. “Do you know why I call you butterfly?” she ask. “No” I shake my head. She has been calling me butterfly ever since I can remember. I never once stop and thought why. “I call you butterfly because you remind me of one. From the first time I saw you I fall in love with you. You were so beautiful and full of life. All your life you have gone through different stages and you always come out brighter and stronger just like a butterfly. They aren't born with wings they have to go through a process just like you. Now that you are becoming an adult you are going to experience new things” why does it feel like she is saying her goodbyes? Why is she telling me this right now? “Every time you look down at this I want you to know that you're not alone. I might not be physically but I'll always be there in spirit. Remember Jane you can't dance if you don't move”. I can't fight the tears no more. I turn to face her with tears falling down my face “No crying butterfly you are going to ruin your make-up” she says. Her eyes are fill with her own tears. She cleans my tears and gives me a hug I know this is her saying bye without saying it. “I love you Nina” I return the hug. I can't say bye to her it will tear me up inside. “Love you too butterfly” she lets go of me and walks out the door. I take one last look in the mirror “No turning back” I whisper to my self as I clean my eyeliner. I walk downstairs and the party is in full swing. Everyone is drinking and talking to each other. I don't even know half of the people in here and I really don't want to get to know them. The only reason they are here is because they kissing my father's and uncle's ass. “Excuse me” my father yells and the room goes dead. He reach out for my hand and I place my hand on his “I want to wish my beautiful Princess Jane a happy birthday. Jane,'” he turns to face me and his eyes are full of emotions “You are my precious gift from God. I want you to know that you are my pride and joy I love you Jane and all I wish is for you to be happy” his voice sound hoarse. His words sting me I wonder if he will feel the same after tonight? At the end of the day he is still my father and I love him just like any girl would love her daddy. I smile at him “I love you too daddy” I try not to cry. “Cheers” he lifts up his glass and everyone joins him. The music start back up and I go around the room greeting people. All I want to do is find Sammy but everyone keeps stopping me. “Hello baby” some one says behind me. I don't even have to turn around to know who that voice belongs too. “Raul I'm not your baby so don't call me that” I turn around and cross my arms. Raul is one of my father's “coworker's” son. He has been trying to sweep me of my feet since I can remember. At the beginning I fell for it like any dumb teenage girl. I wasn't allow to hang out with any one yet along date so when he came around it was a game changer. He was so sweet and respectful to me that I couldn't help but to fall for it. I was never in love with him but it was nice to have some guy attention. He was the first boy I ever kissed. Although we hanged out and kissed we never made it official. Boy am I thankful for that I sure dodge a bullet with him. With time I started to see the real Raul. Him being sweet and respectful was only just an act to get me to notice him. All he really care was being on my dad's good side. “You look so sexy tonight maybe we can get away so I can give you your birthday gift” he steps closer to me. By birthday gift he means some thing else. “What?” I gasp trying to sound shock “You actually brought me a gift?”. He laughs and smirks “I have your gift inside my pants if you want it now”. Ladies and gentlemen this is Raul for you. If only my dad would hear him talk to me like that he would have nothing in his pants. I gag and roll my eyes at him “Not even in your wildest dreams”. I turn around to walk away put he grabs my arm “How about a dance then?” he gives me a wicked smile. I swear he doesn't give up. I have been turning him down since I found out the only reason he wanted to date me was because his dad told him it would be good for business. “I don't think so” I look down to where he is holding me and then back at him. If he knows what's good for him he'll let me go. “Aw come on just one dance or are you scare?” he taunts. Scare? This boy knows how to push my buttons.
“Scare??” I pull my arm out of his hold. I don't want him touching me “Of who? You? Please” I give him a force laugh. “Prove it then dance with me” he gives me his I dare you look. I know if I accept then I'll be falling right into his trap but I can't help it. He knows that I can't turn down a dare. “Fine” I storm out to the dance floor not waiting for him. I really don't want to dance with him but I can't turn down a challenge especially one that I know I will win. Raul is about 5'6, brown hair, brown eyes that remind me of chocolate, and he has a good body. He isn't ugly at all and he knows it. He is cocky, a know it all, and a complete jackass. “So one more year until you turn 21 you know what that means?” he says as we dance. “That I'm going to be an adult” I answer trying to put distant between us. “Yes that but it also means that we can finally get marry” he gives me a smirk as he pins me to him. “Ha!” I throw my head back in laughter “I can turn 100 and I will still not marry you”. The only reason why he wants to marry me is because he wants to take over my father's business. Little does he know that I would trade all of this in a heart beat for a few seconds of freedom. “Jane when are you going to realize that I'm the man for you?” he slides his hand down my back and I step on his foot. “Sorry” I smile weakly “and what man are you talking about? I don't see one”. I look around trying to find this man he is talking about. “I can show you how much of a man I am” he spins me and I elbow him right in his ribs. “Ugh” he moans how is that for showing me. I take the opportunity and walk away from him. “Oh my gosh Jane you look hot!” Sam beams as I walk towards her. I'm so thankful I finally found her. “Thanks prima and you look hot your self” I say as I hug her. She is wearing a pink dress that makes her look like the princess she is. “Don't look now but Raul keeps staring over here” she smiles. I roll my eyes “Sammy you know damn well I can't stand him”. Sammy doesn't know about my history with Raul and I don't plan on telling her. That was a huge mistake that I rather pretend it never happen. “I know but you have to admit that he is hot and tio would let you date him” she says. Of course he would let me date him since Raul is always kissing my father's ass. I refuse to let my father choose who I can or can't date. No one is going to make any decisions in my life but me. “Sam,” I grab her hands “promise me that you aren't going to let your father pick out your boyfriend and no matter what you will stay away from Raul and any one that is like him”. I need her to know that she has a choice in her life. That it's okay to stand up for herself. I would hate to see Sammy end up with a low scum like Raul who only sees her as a way to climb up rather then the wonderful woman she will be some day. She stares at me and frowns “I promise but why are you making it seem like you aren't going to be here?” she looks concern. “Of course I'm going to be here silly I just want you to know that you have a choice that's all” I pull her in for a hug. I need to stop talking. “Okay let's go dance” she drags me to the dance floor. I follow her lead because that's exactly what I need a distraction. After we dance for a while I opened up gifts. I got cloths, jewelry, and a lot of envelope fill with money. I collect all the cash and put it all together in one big envelope. At the end of the day that is the only thing that I need right now. The crowd slowly start to die down little by little and once there was a few people left I decided to call it a night. “Prima” Sammy shouts from the door. I really don't want to say bye to her because I don't think I'm going to keep myself from crying. I walk over to her “You're leaving?” I ask. “Yeah daddy is tired,” she motions to my uncle who is talking to my dad. “I'll come tomorrow so we can go through all that cloths and gossip” she says. I feel a ball forming in my throat. If everything goes as plan I won't be here tomorrow and this is the last time I'll see her. “Okay” I manage to say. She wraps me up in a hug “Happy birthday I love you very much don't forget that” she whisper into my ear. I roll my eyes to keep my tears from falling “Love you too”. She steps back and I quickly look around hiding my tears from her. “Ready?” uncle Jay yell from out side. “Yea bye prima” I hear Sam say. I wave goodbye to her with out looking her way. I need to be alone but before that I have to find my dad. “Daddy,” I call him “I'm going to bed” I say. I give him a big hug before he notice my eyes they must he red by now. “Thank you for everything. I love you dad always and forever never forget that and I'm sorry for everything” I squeeze my father tighter. This is the last chance I got to tell him what I feel. I know this is our last hug so I want to hold on to him for as long as I can. I take in his scent he smells like cigar, scotch, and cologne. I take in how warm and safe I feel when he hugs me. When he hugs me I feel like everything is right in the world but once he let's go I see the world as it is. I love this man so much I don't want to let go of him. “Princess I love you too no matter what. You can't do no wrong in my eyes” he kiss the top of my head. I press my face in to his shirt trying to clean my tears. “Princess I think I herd my back bone crack” he tease and I let go of him. I didn't realize how strong I was holding on to him. “Sorry” I apologize. “Hey,” he tilts my head up “are you okay?”. I nod my head not trusting my voice. “Yea just tired” I mange to say. “Are you sure?” he studies my face for a long time. I know he can see the sadness in my eyes but maybe I can play it around as being tired. “Positive just tired good night daddy” I give him his last kiss and walked away before he sees me crying.
                                    Chapter 3
     As I walk back to my room I feel my heart breaking with every step I take. I don't have time to cry right now I need to suck it up. I close my door and walk to the closet I take out my luggage and put away the envelopes with the money. I change into some sweats and a hoodie. I change my high heels for some running shoes. I walk over to my desk and open up my notebook to start writing.
      Dear Papi,
           By the time you read this letter I will be long gone. This has been the toughest decision I have ever had to make it's not easy leaving you behind. I didn't make this decision over night this is some thing I have been planing of doing for a very long time now. I can't count how many nights I have stayed up thinking of doing this but never had the guts to do it until now. I want you know that I love you daddy with all my heart and I will always love you no matter what. Your my dad and the only parent I have ever known. I want to thank you for everything you have done for me please know that I appreciated it but I can't keep living like this no more. I have never told you this but the day that I found out the truth about who you were devastated me. Do you know what it feels like to get your heart broken by the one person that should be protecting you from it? God let me tell you it hurt like hell. You was suppose to be the one to help me through my first heart break not cause it. I had no one to help me nurse my heart back to normal. Everything I thought I knew about you ended up being a lie. It's not like I haven't tried looking the other way trust me I have but I can't keep pretending like nothing is wrong. I refuse to keep living like this. I'm not made for this life I know I can't ask you to drop everything for me because I know that you can't and I understand that. I hope you can understand and respect my decision. I don't want this life dad I want some thing different for me. Remember when you ask me what I wanted for my birthday? Well this is my birthday wish I want you to let me go. Please dad don't go looking for me I'll be fine don't worry. After all I am my father's daughter. I need this dad please let me have it. This isn't about you dad it's about me wanting to be free to be normal for once. I love you daddy always and for ever don't ever forget that.
                                                    Love you always
                                                                Your Princess.
I fold the paper and give it a kiss before placing it on top of my bed. There is so much more I want to say to him but I can't write all of it down I don't have time. For the first time this night I let myself cry I can't hold it no more. How much suffering can some one hold until they break? I cried my eyes out until I ran out of tears. I knew this was going to be hard but I had no idea how hard it really was. I know deep down this is the only way out of this mess but it doesn't make the pain go away. My father is the only parent I have left and I'm the only thing he has left of mom. I know that by me leaving I will destroy him. I might even lose him and then I would really be an orphan. Enough Jane stop trying to talk your self out of doing this. If I keep thinking this way I might just change my mind and stay. I clean my tears it's now or never. I walk to the door and crack it open I hear people laughing and talking with music in the background I close and lock the door. I peak out the window and to my advantage there is no one outside. I grab my luggage and throw out the window. I run to my bed and start to tie my sheets together. I tie one end to my bed frame and the other end I throw it out the window. I seen this in a movie once I just hope I am not to heavy for this. My stomach starts to turn, my hands are shaky and I break in to a cold sweat. I can't believe I'm really doing this. I have dream of doing this so many nights but never thought I would go through with it. I breath in and out trying to control my nervous and I take the last look around my room. This is where I grew up, where I had so many sleep overs with Sammy, where I got my heart broken for the first time, where I cried my self to sleep so many endless night. I have to leave all this behind me. I sit on the edge of the window and look down I am so thankful that my room is on the second floor because if it was a little bit higher then I wouldn't have the guts to go through with it. I wipe my clammy hands on my sweats. Here goes nothing I wrap my legs and hands around the sheets and I slowly start to slide down. My hands start to burn due to how hard I'm holding on to the sheets. My arms start to quiver under the pressure of my weight I really need to work on my arms. “She is really fucking hot” I hear some one say. I freeze on the spot as two drunk guys pass by. “Yeah Raul is one lucky bastard” the other one says. Please don't turn around please don't turn around I prayed. I hear the sheet tearing and my eyes go straight to where the sheet is ripping. Fuck if I fall from here I'm going to break my neck. My hands are so sweaty that they start slipping. I know I shouldn't panic but I can't help it. I start to kick my legs in the air trying to hold on to the sheet. I look back and thankfully no one is there. I quickly return to slide down before the sheet rips all the way. I am only a few ft away when the sheet finally rips and I fall on my feet twisting my ankle. “Fuck” I cry. That shit hurts but I don't have time to duel on it right now. I reach for my luggage and start running. Every time I put pressure on my ankle it feels like I am getting stab by millions of tiny needles but I can't focus on that right now. All I can think about right now is running and getting away. There is so many cars in front of my yard that they keep me hidden from any one. My ankle is killing me I can't even walk right I have to limp. I'm not going to be able to run with my ankle like this. My plan was to run all the way to a bus stop and go from there but that isn't going to work now. I'm going to have to steal a car. I have never stole anything in my life but drastic times call for drastic measures. I went through all the cars until I find one that wasn't lock. “Thank you Jesus” I open the door and hot wire the car. Thanks you Sammy she was the one who taught me how to hot wire a car. I have no idea how she learn to do that. She is full of surprises that one. As soon as the car starts I hit the gas petal and speed the fuck out of there. I feel the adrenaline running through my body. This is what people must feel like when they are running away from the feds. I feel so alive I have never done anything like this before. I press down on the gas petal I need to put as much distant between that house and me as I can. I don't even know where I am going to be honest. I never thought I was going to get this far. I can drive until I run out of gas but then it would be easier for them to find me. I only have a few hours until they find the letter. I need to take advantage of every minute the best way I can. Think Jane think. The only way I can get far far away from here in a few hours is by an airplane. Why didn't I think about that before? Usually the  airport is a good 30 minute drive I made it there under 20 minutes. Thankfully there was no cop around or else it would be a different story. When I finally reach the airport I give the valet the keys and run inside. “Good morning madam how my I assist you today?” a blond woman greets me as I make my way to her. “Can I buy the first available ticket going anywhere” I say out of breath. She stares at me like I lost my mind “Sure but that can be a little expensive”. I roll my eyes at her she thinks I can't afford it she has no idea. “I know I didn't ask you for the price” I say pissed off. “Of course I am sorry madam is this a one way ticket or a round trip?” she ask looking at her screen. “A one way ticket” I answer. I don't ever want to come back. “Okay” she keeps her eyes on the screen as I look around to make sure no one followed me. I put my hoodie on trying to block my face. I must look crazy with the way I'm acting you might think that I killed some one. I'm so close to freedom that it scares me. “The next available flight is in 30 minutes they are actually boarding now you made it just in time” she smiles at me. “Okay I'll take it how much?” I reach for the envelopes. “It would be 500 plus 25 for the luggage”. Damn she wasn't joking when she said it was going to be expensive. I hand her the money and one of my fake ID. It takes her about 5 minutes to put in the computer but it seems like an hour to me. She doesn't know that every minute counts. “Thank you have a wonderful and safe flight. Your exit is on the right” she hands me my ticket and ID. I take out the envelope with the cash and the one Nina gave me before I hand her my luggage. I walk towards my exit looking around to make sure I haven't been found. I hate feeling so paranoid. “May I have your ticket please?” the ticket person ask me. I hand her over my ticket never reading my destination. I really don't care where I am going as long as it's far far from here. “Thank you” she hands it back and grants me access to board the plane. I couldn't get into the plane any faster than I did. “Good morning mam sorry we don't have a seat reserve for you this morning but you can pick any seat that is available” the air hostesses greats me as I board the plane. “It's fine and thank you” I walk to the first available seat that I lay eyes on. I'm so glad it's a window seat. I buckle my self up and send a little pray. 
       Dear God,
                  Please protect me on my new adventure please don't let my father find me and please don't let this plane fall .
                      Amen
I see my reflection on the window and I look exactly how I feel. Crazy. My eyeliner is smudge all over my eyes. I take the corner of my hoodie and clean my face. I have to calm my self down before people start noticing me. Every once in a while a glance out the window making sure no one is standing there like Michel Meyers waiting for me. I feel like my life has turned in to a horror movie running away from the killer who always finds their victim no matter how far they run. Why is this plane taking for ever to depart? I have eaten all my nails by now. “Good morning everyone. My name is Chad and I'll be your pilot for today I hope you guys enjoyed your stay in Las Vegas. Hopefully you still have a place to live. Our destination this beautiful morning is New York City the Big Apple. We will arrive in 5 hours please sit back and enjoy the ride and no there are no snakes on this plane. A little humor this morning over and out”. I hear people laughing around me but I am so nervous to understand the joke. All I feel right now is pain due to my ankle it's pumping like if it had it's own pulse. I look down and it's swollen it looks like I'm growing a second head down there. I hope I didn't break it because that would be just my luck. Once the plane raises up and leaves the ground all I feel is relief. I feel like the world was just lifted off my shoulder. I am free at last! I did it I actually did it. I can't believe it. I start to laugh out of joy mix with nerves. For the first time since I been sitting here I notice that some one is seating next to me. He must think that I'm crazy “No snakes on the plane” I say finally getting the joke. He gives me a small smile and quickly looks away. I don't blame him who wants to be sitting next to the crazy girl who looks like death but is laughing? I don't care what any one thinks right now all I care is that I am free. For now of course who knows for how long but I am going to enjoy every second I can. I am going to New York where no dream is to big or to small, where the city never sleeps, where you fall in love. I can't wait to start my new free life. I need to keep myself busy so I reach for Nina's envelope I have been dying to see what's inside. Oh my god my eyes bug out that's a lot of money. Why would Nina give me so much money for my birthday? I reach for the letter and tuck the envelope inside the other one. I unfold the letter and start reading it.
             Dear butterfly,
My sweet sweet baby Jane, did I ever tell you how well I know you? You can't hide nothing from me baby. Since the moment that I walked inside your room and found you sorting your cloths I knew what you were thinking of doing. I'm actually surprise that you haven't tried doing it earlier. When I stare into your eyes this morning I saw the same look of determination as your mother. I knew that there was no turning back for you. You're so much like your mom and you don't even know it. You weren't born for this life style and you definitely weren't meant to be cage up. Butterflies are meant to be free and to fly all over the place just like you. You are meant to expand your horizon, to spread your wings and fly to find your own happiness. Go out there and eat the world. Be happy, live, love, laugh, and cry. Remember baby in life it's not important how many times you fall down what counts is how many times you stand back up. I want you to have this money it's some of my life savings take it and start your new life. The only pay back that I want is for you to be happy. I love you always and forever. I will pray for you every night baby
                                             Love you always
                                                        Nina
By the time I finish reading the letter I am crying my eyes out all over again. I press the letter to my chest she knew all along what I was planning on doing and she never try to stop me or even snitch me out. No one has never compare me to my mother before. That is the best compliment I have ever herd. I look like my mom. The guy next to my hands me a napkin “Are you one of those people that doesn't have a place to live?”. I take the napkin and bust out laughing “Some thing like that”. Now that I think about it I really don't have a place to live. “Hey remember the only rule in Vegas” he says. “Which is?” I clean my tears. “What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas” he answer. I smile because he has no idea how true that saying is for me. I'm no longer Jane Santana the daughter of the famous “El Rey” from now on I'll be Jane Carter just like it's states on my ID. I fold the letter and tuck it away. “You're right” I close my eyes and daze out
            ***************************************
“Please stay in your seat and buckle up we will be landing shortly thank you” the voice of the pilot wakes me up. How long have I been sleeping? I didn't even know how tired I was I guess everything that happen finally caught up to me. “Excuse me,” I turn to the man beside me “can you tell me what time is it?”. He looks down to his watch yeah he actually has a watch on “It's a little pass 10 and my name is Mark by the way” he extends his hand. “I'm Jane” I shake his hand. Mark looks like he is in his late 20's. He is actually pretty good looking he has dark short hair, with dark chocolate brown eyes, and a warm friendly smile. “Nice to meet you Jane. Are you here for vacation?” he ask. “No actually I am here to stay” I say with excitement. “Really?” one of his eyebrow lifts up “Well let me be the first one to welcome you to this beautiful city. I wish you the best of luck and if you ever need a job or a friend give me a call” he hands me a card with his name and number. “Thank you so much and I'll keep that in mind” I tuck the card inside my pocket. If every one is as friendly as Mark then I have a good feeling about New York. “Thank you for flying with us this morning I hope you enjoyed the flight and enjoy this beautiful city that is New York over and out”.
                                    Chapter 4 
    “Hope to see you around” Mark says as we get our luggage. “Hopefully” I wave good bye. I wouldn't mind seeing him again he really was nice to me. I walk out side and take everything in. There are so many people walking in and out never looking around them. They are to busy talking on the phone they seem in such a rush. I walk over to the first cab I see. “Where ya going?” the cab driver ask. “Do you know any nice hotel?” I answer. “We in New York baby there are hotels in ever corner” he grins like I just ask the dumbest question. “Right can you take me to one that is nice but not too expensive?” I climb in. I really don't know how much money I have and for how long I'm going to need a hotel room. “I got chu” he drives off. There is so many people walking around the street they look like ants all over the place. The buildings are so tall even if I tilt my head back I can't see the top of them. For the first time in my life I feel like a nobody and I love it! The driver drops me off in front of a small nice hotel. I got to say cab fare is ridiculous maybe I might have to call Mark about that job after all. I limp inside the hotel “Hi may I get a room?”. The lady lifts her head up and gives me a smile “Sure”. After I give here the information she needs and the money she hands me the key to my room. The first thing I do is jump on to the bed I'm so beat. It feels so good to finally be on a bed. Now that my body is relax the pain in my ankle is killing me. It's so swollen and red it seems like it wants to pop open. I don't think it's broken because I can still move it maybe I just sprang it. I fill the bathtub with cold water and soak my ankle inside after a few minutes I hop in the shower. My body is so stiff from sleeping on the airplane. Thanks to my ankle I am stuck in this room for today. I order some room service and watch a movie. I still can't believe I did it and actually got away. My eyes and my body start to get heavy so I turn off the lights and fall asleep. The next day I feel much better with energy and my ankle is back to it's human size. I reach for the money and start counting I have a total of $20,000 to my name. Holly crap! I can get my own place with this money. I take out some cash and hide the rest inside my luggage again. I hit the shower and change. I take my purse with my money and key and go explore my new city. New York is so full of life. There are so many stores I feel like I'm in a endless mall. I feel like a child walking in to Willy Wonkers factory. I have been in and out of stores buying cloths and everything else that grabs my eye. Half way into my shopping my stomach starts to growl. I was so excited to explore New York that I forgot to eat breakfast. I look around for a shop to eat and there is one that catches my eyes. The name of the shop is “Little Shop in The Corner”. Who names their shop that? Some one with a sense of humor that's who. “Hi, how may I help you?” the girl at the register ask. I have been staring at the menu this whole time but I can't make up my mind. “What do you recommend?” I ask her. She works here so she should know what's good. “Well we do have the best hot dogs and cheese fries you'll ever taste” she winks. Hot dog and cheese fries sounds good to me. “Then that is what I shall have” I give her a smile and hand her a 20 dollar bill. “You aren't from here are you?” she ask as I wait for my food. “Is it that noticeable?” I try avoiding her stare. “Only to me because I am good at reading people and you my friend aren't a city girl” she hands me my food. I give her a shy smile and walk to an empty table. I am going to fit in? Or is this city going to eat me up and chew me back out? Did I make a mistake in coming here? Maybe I should try a different state. “My name is Sophia” I look up to see the same girl who took my order. I smile “I'm Jane”. She takes the seat across from me “Where are you from Jane?”. I bite down on my lip I don't want to lie but I can't tell her the truth either “Far from here”. 
“Yeah I kind of figure that” she says watching me like a hawk. “How about you?” I change the subject. “Here born and raise” she beams with her warm smile. Sophia is very pretty she is about 5'2, her skin tone is white as snow, she has big hazel eyes with a round face shape, and has long brunette hair. There is something about her that makes me want to trust her. “Where do you live?” she ask. This girl has no chill she reminds me of Sammy. “I am staying in a hotel a few blocks away from here” I answer. I don't know why I can't shut up and ignore her questions. “That's so cool you live there with your parents?” she stares at her nails. I can tell her that I live with them but what's the point of lying. “No it's just me. I just moved here 2 days ago”. I take a bite of the hot dog “Wow this is the best hot dog I have ever tried” I blurt out. “Told you,” she smiles and it makes her look even more beautiful “you know this might sound crazy but I am looking for a new roommate and you seem like a good normal person. If you want you can come by and take a look at the place and tell me what you think”. Normal? She called me normal. I thought I was acting like a total weirdo and here she is calling me normal. Isn't that what I wanted? To be normal. “Times up Sophia we don't pay you to stalk our client” I hear a female voice yell at her. “Hold your horses” she shouts back. “If you are interested let me know before you leave” she says before she walks away. This is crazy idea I can't move in with some one I don't know but on the other how am I suppose to met people if I don't put myself out there? Maybe I can take a look at it after all I am looking for a place. “I'll like to see the place but I don't have a cell phone number to give you” I walk up to her before leaving. She takes out a pen and writes down her number on a napkin “Here you go. Call me so we can set up a time and a day and you should really get a cellphone” she smiles. “Thank you and I will” I fold the napkin into my purse. On my way back to the hotel I stop by a few more stores and I even bought a new cellphone. No contract tho I don't want to be track. After that I went back to the hotel and as soon as I step one foot in the room reality hits me. There is no one I can talk to about my day, there is no one waiting for me to see what I bought, there is only me and the silent that fills the room. I walk over to the bed and look around the empty room. I feel tears building up in the back of my eyes I can't do this on my own I will break. I thought I could but I can't. Who am I kidding I have never been alone in my life. I always had some one either Sammy or Nina but I could always count on them. With out thinking it twice I take out my new phone and text Sophia to let her know that I want to rent the room. I don't even have to see it I just want to have some one around. If I was under any another situation I would never move in with some one I just met. She reply's my text giving me the time and the address to go tomorrow. At least that's settle. As I lay down on the bed I realize that I have to buy one for my new room actually I have to buy everything I literally have nothing. Hopefully Sophia would come with me to buy some furniture. I wonder how my father reacted to the letter he must of read it by now. He probably freaking out going crazy on every one. I hope he don't send some one looking for me. I feel bad for my poor Nina she is the one that is going to have to deal with his grumpy ass. I look down to my necklaces and give it a kiss. Nina was right every time I see this it makes me feel like she is with me. I look over to the clock and it's only 7 pm it has been a long day. I change into my pajamas, heat up some food, and watch TV. I don't even remember when I fall asleep. As soon as I woke up today I shower and packed everything back up. I go downstairs and eat some breakfast then I walk to the front desk to check out. I have to meet Sophia at 1:30 and it's 12. I take a cab which was a 45 minute drive so of course it was expensive. Maybe I should get a job as a cab driver they make good money. I look around my surrounding and take in the neighborhood it looks decent enough. There is people sitting on their stairs talking and hanging out doing normal things. This is how my life should have been. I can't help but to wonder maybe if my mom was alive everything would have been different. Maybe this would have been my life all along. “You're here” Sophia yells from the building. “I'm sorry if I am early” I make my way over to her. “Don't be silly you can never be to early or to late you're always on time” she opens the door for me to come in. “This would be us” she says on the second floor. She opens the door for me to walk in. The fist thing you see is the living room. The living room feels cozy and warm. There is a big long black L shape sofa that can fit about 7 people. There are 3 red fluffy pillows on the sofa. On each side of the sofa there is a small corner glass table with black lamps. There is a unique dark wood coffee table in the middle of the room on top of a red rug. She has a 37' flat inch TV hanging from the wall. “Wow” I whisper. “I know that's what I was aiming for” she says proudly. “That door right there is my room I show you that later” she point at a door on the left. “This is the kitchen” she motions to it. It's on the right side of the living room. The kitchen is a good decent size and it's super clean. Either Sophia is a clean freak or she doesn't cook at all. There is a medium size refrigerator in the right corner of the room, next to the fridge is the sink, right above the sink there is a small window, and on the left corner is the oven and the stove. In the middle of the kitchen there is a wood counter top. “okay follow me” she walks through a small hallway that is in between the living room and kitchen. She walks over to the door on the right “This would be your room” she opens the door. The room is pretty big it's nothing compare to my old room but I can manage. On the left corner of the room there is a small closet. There is a big window in the middle of the room. “And if you follow me I'll show you the bathroom” she says. The bathroom is the last door in the hallway. “It's not much but at least it's something” she says. The sink it's on your left side. On top of the sink there is this huge mirror that takes up half the wall and underneath the sink there are two cabinets. Next to the sink you have the toilet that has a blue foam lid cover and to the right you have your shower/tub which is just the right size for this bathroom. The shower curtain is a light blue just like the sea and in front of the shower there is a blue foam carpet. “It's perfect how much?” I ask. I really don't care how much she wants I'll take it I can get use to living here. “I pay 800 for this apartment so I was thinking we can go half/half on the apartment and bills” she says. I can defiantly pay 400 and on the side bills I have the money for it. “If you need a job I can get you one where I work” she adds. I can use a as a distraction I don't want to be home alone that's the reason I'm moving in. “Deal I'll take both of your offers” I smile. She jumps up and down “Great welcome home roomie!”.
                                     Chapter 5
     “Do you know where I can buy some furniture?” I ask Sophia as we sit on the sofa. “Girl stick with me and I'll hook you up,” she grabs her keys “come on let's go”. I am so thankful that she has a car because honestly I have had enough with all the cabs and there fare. She drives a black 2012 Chevrolet Malibu. Nothing to fancy but it fits her just right. “So how old are you?” she ask as soon as we get into the car. “I just turn 20 last Saturday” I answer. “Well happy delayed birthday and I am 20 too” she smiles. “Really when was your birthday?” I ask excited. How crazy would it be if we had the same birthday. “Two months ago so that means I am older then you” she wiggles her eyebrows and I laugh. “So Jane do you have any brothers or sisters?” she ask. I start to play with my chain it get's me nervous to talk about me. I shake my head “No just me”. Being around her feels so natural she is easy to talk to. “How about you?” I ask trying to get to know her better. “Yea I have an older brother his name is Gabriel but we all call him Gabe”. I can tell she adores him by the way she smiles when talking about him. “He can be an asshole don't get me wrong you'll meet him soon enough” she adds. Growing up as an only child sucked. “I've always wanted a sibling” I admit. Yeah I had Sammy around but it's not like she was always there. “Trust me you are lucky you don't have an older brother they are annoying” she rolls here eyes but I know it's in a playful kind of way. “How about your parents?” I ask trying to keep the conversation on her. “Well my mother lives up state and my father who knows and who cares” she sounds upset “How about yours?” she quickly gather herself up. I can tell that Sophia is the type of girl that keeps things to herself. I can't tell her the truth about my dad so I'm going to have to bend the truth a little bit.  “Well my mother died when I was a baby so I really have nothing to say about her,” I stare out the window “and my father well he is there” I shrug. I'm afraid to look at her because I already know what she is going to say. “Sorry about your mom” she whispers. I nod my head I don't trust my voice. Every time I talk about my mom this sadness overcomes me. She parks the car “Wala we are here”. I turn to her and smile. “Shall we?” she ask and I nod. I can already tell that shopping is going to be a problem for me. I have always loved to shop what girl doesn't? The only difference now is that I'm going to have to pay it with my money instead of my dads. “Let's get this party started” she says as we step inside. By the end of our little shopping spree I'm the owner of a new king size bed, a bed-set that includes bureaus, a 36'in flat screen TV, and a new stereo system. “Your total is $5,000 you can pay it in cash or you can make payments” Jake the employer says. “I'll pay it in full” I reach for my money and hand it to him. “Are you some kind of drug dealer? Sophia ask when she sees my stash. I feel me heart stop as I start to sweat. How did she know? She bust out laughing “I'm just kidding unless you really are one?” she ask again. “Of course not just my savings” I turn to Jake trying to pull myself together. “We will deliver all of this later on today please make sure some one is there to open the door for us” Jake interrupts our conversation. “We'll be there and thank you for everything” Sophia flirts with him. It seems like Sophia and Jake know each other already. Some thing inside me tells me she has a thing for him. He smiles at her and we wave goodbye. “So you and Jake?” I ask as we walk to out the shop. She flips her hair to the side “I seen him a couple of times” she answer. I know that's all I'm going to get out of her so I drop the conversation. I have to be careful how I spend the rest of the money I have another purpose for it. “About that job the sooner the better” I remind Sophia. It seems like I'm going to need that job afterwards if I'm going to keep my addiction up. “I'll talk to my boss about it,” she smiles. “Hey would you like to paint your room?” she ask as we get in the car. “Can I?” I say excited. I haven't thought about it before she said something. “Of course you can dummy it's your room”. She is right it is my room and I can do what I want with it. “I have some paint left over from the time I painted my room if you want it” she offers. “Sure anything but pink” I joke. “What's wrong with pink?” she turns to face me with her eyebrow raised. Oh god she is a pink kind of girl. “Nothing at all I personality don't like it but it's a great color to have your room painted” I try to amend my mistake. Damn me and my mouth. “I am just pulling your leg,” she laughs “my room is purple I don't like the whole pink theme either”. I let out a small breath of relief “I thought I had offended you”. My heart starts to go back to her normal rate. “Girrrrrl please it will take a lot more than that to offend me matter of fact for our friendship to work you have to tell me exactly how you feel because I am sure as hell going to call you out if I don't like something” she says. I have a good feeling about our friendship she sounds just like me. “Do you want to go to Walmart to buy some paint?” she ask. “Sure” I answer. A few dollar less and more bags later we finally get back home. We only have a few hours to get my room painted before they come with my stuff. “Let's get down and dirty” Sophia walks to her room to change. When she comes out she is wearing an old shirt and overalls. She is rocking the whole I'm a woman watch me paint look. I change into a shirt and shorts, tie my hair up and we start painting. “So tell me more about your self” Sophia says as she paints one side of the room. “Well there isn't much to add from what you already know. I'm just a small town girl” I say. There isn't more I can share with her right now. “Living in a lonely word” she sang as she splat some paint on me. I laugh as the paint hits me on the face. “She took a midnight plane going anywhere” I sang back splatting paint on her. I love this song it's like the run away from your town anthem. “I thought it was a train?” she laughs. “Yeah but I took a plane instead”. She throws more paint at me “You're funny”. I smile “Right back at cha”. When  I'm around Sophia she makes me forget everything. It feels right being here with her it's like we have known each other all our life even if we don't know nothing about each other. “Let's get back to work” she plays music from the living room. We laugh, sang, dance, and of course threw more paint around. “All done” she finally says. My arms feel so heavy from all the painting. It looks easy but boy you have to put your all in it especially if you're short. I had to stand on my toes to get certain parts on the wall. I really should work on my arms. We drop to the floor exhausted. “The color blue looks nice in here maybe we should draw some stars” she says as we look around. “Maybe but not today” I'm to tired to even try. “Hungry?” Sophia ask. “Starving” I answer. “Come with me” she smiles. We walk to the kitchen “Okay so this is every place near us that deliver” she takes out a stack of menus. “When ever we don't feel like going we can just call them but I always keep food in the fridge” she opens the fridge and we start to cook. Half an hour later the door bell rings. “How do I look?” she ask as she fixes her hair. “Like you just finish painting a room” I answer. We still have paint all over us. Sophia walks over to the door and buzzes them in. “Where would you like this?” a blond guy ask. I can see how disappointment Sophia is when she saw that Jake wasn't here. She definite has a thing for him. “Over here” I walk him to the room. I hear Sophia laughing from the door way. I wonder who she is laughing with. “Jake you're to funny” I hear Sophia. I walk back to them “Hey Jake what are you doing here? I thought you was working inside the store?” I ask. Sophia is smiling so hard I think her cheeks are going to fall off. “He was but he begged the boss to come with me and now I understand why. Even with all that paint  you two are one hot piece of a-”.
“A lot of stuff we have to move” Jake interrupts pushing him out the door. “He is so hot” Sophia fans her self. “Who blonde?” I act like I don't know who she is talking about “Na he isn't my type I am talking about Jake” she smiles.
“He is alright” I shrug trying to hide my smile. “He is more than alright” Sophia licks her lips. I walk away from her giving her the moment she needs to collect herself. “Thank you for everything” we thank  Jake and Taylor as they finish. “It was our pleasure” Taylor says. I know that this is their job but they have been very helpful. They change my room 3 different time. We couldn't figure out where we wanted the bed. I reach for my purse to take out some cash to tip them  for their hard wok. I'm sure it's not in their job description to rearrange the bedroom. “Thank you” I extend my hand with the money. Jake pushes my had away “How about you girls come out with us for some drinks instead?” he ask. Before I can kindly refuse his offer Sophia jumps in “Yea sure”. I roll my eyes at her but she is to busy looking at Jake to realize it. “Really? I thought for sure you were going to say no” Taylor says shock. I can't help but to laugh at his outburst. “How about we exchange numbers and then we plan a night out?” Jake and Sophia exchange numbers. I on the other hand don't even bother on exchanging numbers because I know that I am not going to call. I don't want to give Taylor any false hope. I'm not interested in dating anyone right now. “Hope to hear from you soon” Jake says as he close the door. “Oh my guy! He is so hot” Sophia jumps up and down. What did she just say? “Oh my guy?” I ask. “Yeah you know like oh my god but instead of god guy” she says like if it was some thing so simple. I laugh it seems like something Sophia would come up with. “So when do you want to go out with those hottie?” she ask. I have no intention of going out with them or any 'hotties' for that matter. “I am going to bed goodnight” I let out a yawn and walk away. “Night roomie!” she yells. I swear I don't know where she gets all that energy from. I take out the new zebra print bed sheet and put it on my bed with my new pillows. I unpack some pajamas and walk to the bathroom. I fill the tub with hot water I need to relax my muscles they are so sore. I add some bubbles and climb in. After I showered I hop right in to bed leaving all my cloths on the floor. I am too beat to put them away right now I can do that tomorrow. My bed is so big and comfortable that it doesn't take long for me to fall asleep.
                                   Chapter 6
I can't believe it has been 2 weeks since I first moved in. The days went by so fast that I didn't even notice. I can't remember the last time I was this happy and content with my life. Sophia and I grow closer and closer every day. She has quickly become the friend that I've always wanted. She is so out going and blunt. I still miss Sammy a lot but being around Sophia helps me miss her less. Not that Sophia can replace Sammy but she distracts me from missing her. “Remember stay calm and be your self. The boss isn't that bad but he is a hottie” Sophia is trying to calm me down. I have my first job interview today and I am freaking out. I have never had a job before so I really don't know what to expect. “You'll do just fine” she walks me to the back for my interview. She knocks on the door “Come in” a male voice answer. I feel my breakfast trying to come back up, my hands are clammy, and I can't stop fidgeting. Sophia opens the door for me “Good luck” she winks and pushes me into the room. I'm so thankful that she push me because I don't think I'm able to walk. I close the door behind me “Hi” I say so low I don't think he herd me. “Hi” the man lifts his head up from the desk and to my surprise it's Mark. “Jane?,” he seems as surprise as I am. “It's nice to see you again” he smile. I'm so happy to see Mark that all my nervous just banish away. “Mark what are you doing here?” I ask. He points to the empty chair for me to sit “Well I am suppose to be interviewing please take a sit”. That reminds me what I'm doing here. “Of course” I take a sit. I remember him telling me that he had a few business. “So how is New York treating you?” he ask. “So far so good even tho it's an expensive city” I answer. New York is full of small business how small is the world out that of all the places to work in I end up in one of Mark's shop. Honestly I though I was never going to see him again. I'm glad to see him again I actually like him he was the first friendly face I met. “Well that's why we are here let's get this interview started” he takes out a pen and paper. The interview was about 30 minutes long. He asked me if I ever worked before if I had any experience which I answer with the truth but he said it was okay that he'll be happy to teach me. We spend another 30 minutes catching up. He told me about his family business how this was one of many shops they own. He ask me how I met Sophia and I told him every thing from the beginning. “Well Jane it was a pleasure seeing you again and I'll see you around. Don't be fool by gossip I am not that bad of a boss” he jokes. “Thanks Mark you won't regret it” I shake his hand and walk out. “That was pretty long,” Sophia runs to me as soon as I step out the room “did you at least get the job?”. I put on my sad face trying to fool her. “Well what he say?” she shakes my arms. “I got the job” I yell a little to loud. She hugs me and we spin around jumping and screaming like the pair of girls that we are.
                                      ******************
    “How was your first day of work?” Sophia ask as I walk in. “Good” I throw myself onto the sofa. I have been working for about a week now. I love my new job I like meeting new people. “Liam is a sweetheart but Maggie seems antisocial” I answer. Liam works with us and Maggie is the manager. She has been giving me a hard time since I started and I have no idea why. When Mark is around she is all nice and sweat but once he is gone that bitch goes evil. “Maggie is a bitch point blank” she says and I agree. “I'm so tired I am going to shower and call it a night” I stand up to leave. My body still hasn't gotten use to 8 hours shift. Maggie works me like a manic I don't know if it's just cause I'm new or because I'm me. “Okay see you tomorrow goodnight” I hear her call after me. It's been a long day my feet are killing me and I feel so exhausted. After I shower I jump in to my bed that feels like heaven. I never want to leave it thank god I don't have to work tomorrow. I can't believe how much my life has change over a few days. Everything seems to be falling into place. I pick up my phone and make the one phone call I have been dying to make.
“Hello” Sammy answers on the third ring. She sounds exactly the same as when I left.
“Hi” I whisper.
“Oh my gosh Jane! Where the hell are you? Why did you leave? It's been almost a month-?” 
“Sammy stop and breath. I am okay don't tell no one you are talking to me okay don't say my name out loud” I interrupt her before she asks a million of questions.
“Okay but where are you and why did you leave?” she ask again.
“Sammy I can't tell you where I am and I left because I was tired of always being cage up” I say as I play with my sheets. I can't tell her the real reason why I left with out exposing our dads and there is no way I can tell here where I am.
“Tio is really upset Jane. All he wants is to be left alone and locked up in his office I have never seen him like this before he doesn't talk to no one not even my dad” she says. I knew that me leaving was going to hurt him but I didn't know how he was going to react. I thought he was going to be mad at every one but I never once thought he was going to be sad. I start moving my eyes around my room trying to hold my tears back. I can't start crying right now because I know I won't be able to stop.
“Do you hate him?” she softly ask.
I feel like some one just punch me in my gut. How can she think that I hate my dad? What kind of person does she think I am?
“Of course not Sammy don't you ever say that again. I love him with all my heart and it's killing me being away from him and from all of you but I needed this please Sam keep an eye on him and please don't tell no one I called promise me” my voice cracks. I run my finger under my eye and wipe the tear that escape.
“I promise prima are you going to call me again?” she shyly ask.
“Yea I am going to keep calling to check up on you and on dad okay?” my voice sounds shaky. I need to get my emotions under control and fast.
“I miss you Jane” her voice cracks and I know she is about to cry. I close my eyes trying to concentrate on my breathing.
“I miss you too Sam I have to go call you soon love you bye” I hang up because I can't control myself anymore. It hurts to know that my father is miserable. I really do miss all my family. I miss hanging with Sammy and cooking with Nina. I even miss eating dinner with my dad no matter where he was he always made in it time for dinner. I have never been away from them not even for a day yet along weeks. I turn off the lights and snuggle in bed. For the first time since I been away from home I cried myself to sleep. 
                               Chapter 7
I was so tired from all the crying I did last night that I slept like a baby. I look at myself in the mirror and thanks to all the crying I did my eyes are blood shot red. They look so swollen that it looks like I got punch. On top of looking like shit I also feel like shit. Talking to Sammy last night made everything worst. I knew that things weren't going to be good but I didn't know how bad it was going to be. “Jane are you almost done?” Sophia knocks on the bathroom door. I can't let her see me right now. I look like a hot mess and knowing her she is going to ask questions. “Yeah” I open the door but keep my eyes on the floor. Thankfully she was still half asleep and didn't notice anything. I walk into my room and before I can even close the door there is a loud knock on the front door that scare me out of my thoughts. “Jane can you get that” Sophia yells from the bathroom. “Yeah” I turn back around. I wonder who can it be. Since I have been here I haven't seen no one come and visit Sophia well not when I am around at least. There is another loud knock on the door and my legs start to shake. Who ever it is obviously is desperate to come in. What if it's my father? My heart start to race and my hands start to shake. No it can't be him Sammy would never betray me like that but what if he trace the call? “Jane!” Sophia yells again. “Yeah I got it” I yell back. If they are coming for me I am not going down with out a fight. I walk to the kitchen and grab a knife. I hide the knife behind my back walk to the door. Breath Jane on the count of 3 you are going to open the door. 1 I breath in, 2 my hands touch the doorknob, and 3 I open the door. Oh my god the air leaves my lugs as I take in the view in front of me. “Who the hell are you?” the gorgeous man standing there ask as he crosses his arms. He is about 5'8, low black hair, a tan like complexion, with green tea eyes. I might have to change my room color because I think I just found a new favorite color. I can tell he is built by the way his shirt hugs his biceps. He is wearing a white T-shirt and jeans but damn he makes that look good. This man is drop dead gorgeous. Hands down the best looking man I have ever seen in my life and here I am staring at him like a fool. I think I might even be drooling. “Are you high or deaf?” he ask rudely. What an asshole how can some one look like a god and act like a dick? “Who the hell are you?” I snap. He wants to be rude two can play that game. “You're the one that was knocking on the door” I give him attitude. He croaks his head to the side and stares at me from head to toe. I can feel his green eyes on every part of my body. I feel my knees go weak but I stand my ground. He wants to intimate me but it won't work it will take more than that. I have to admit having his eyes on me is making my skin crawl but I don't shift under his stare. I'll be damn if I show him how much he affects me. He walks pass me almost shoving me out the way. I try my best not to close my eyes and sniff him. Even the way he walks makes him look arrogant. Who the hell does he thing he is? No matter how sexy he is he has no right to invade my home. “What the hell,” I slam the door and walk behind him “you can't-”
“I can't what?” he interrupts me as he spins around. His eyes look like they are ready to start a fire. I know that I should be scare of him but it only draws me in like a light bud calls a bug. “Don't tell me what I can or can't do in my-”
“Be Nice Gabe” Sophia comes in to the room “she is my new roommate”. So this is Gabriel she is right I wouldn't want him as a brother. I want him for something else. No nothing else he is an asshole and I don't need more of those in my life. I have met my share of assholes and I don't need to add more to that list. I had enough with Raul to last me a life time. I walk over to the kitchen counter to put the knife away there is no need for this any more. “Sophia you can't just let anyone move in with you. Do you even know her?” his voice comes out tight. It's not like I am eavesdropping he is shouting pretty loud for me to hear. I agree with him about letting some one she doesn't know move in. That's not safe I could have been a killer for all she knows. “Plus she looks like she is high on something don't tell me that you-” Oh hell no he just cross the damn line. I can understand that he is worry because she doesn't know me but to accuse me of doing drugs it's a different story. I walk up to him “How dare you?” I poke him right in his chest. I know this isn't a good idea but I can't stop myself I'm beyond pissed. “You don't even know me and you are making false accusations. You know what I don't need this”. If I wasn't so mad I would actually enjoy the look of disbelieve he has on his face. He probably can't believe some one as small as me actually confronted some one as big as him. I walk pass him shoving his shoulder the same way he shoved me earlier. I try walking towards my room but Sophia steps in my way. I'm so close to pushing her out my way but it's not her fault she has an ass as a brother. “No Jane stay” she turns to face Gabriel “If you want to keep coming over then you have to apologize to Jane for being an asshole and FYI if her eyes are red is because she was crying,” she turns back to me “We'll talk about that later”. I drop my gaze to the floor feeling embarrass. It's bad enough she knows I was crying but now he knows too. He is probably going to think I'm some weak girl he can push around when ever he feels like it. Well he has some thing else coming his way if he thinks that. “Today Jr.” she scowls at him while tapping her foot on the floor. I can't help but to turn around and stare at him. He rubs the back of his neck. He looks like a little boy who got caught doing something bad. If I wasn't so mad I probably be laughing at him. “I'm sorry for talking to you the way I did and for the things I said” he says never making eye contact with me. I know that he isn't being sincere he just saying it to make Sophia happy. I really don't care for his sucky ass apology he can shove that right up his ass. “Uh-huh it's fine Ape” I walk away giving him the same sincere tone he gave me. “It's Gabe” I hear him say. I throw my hand in the air dismissing him “I really don't care”. I slam my door making it clear that he urks my nervous. What a complete asshole I'm so furious that my blood is boiling. How can a complete stranger push my buttons so fast? I really have to control my anger before I end up killing my roommate's brother. You can't deny that Gabe the Ape is one good looking motherfuc- the voice inside my head snaps . Okay he is good looking but he is still an asshole. Why can't I stop thinking of that ass face? I turn on the TV trying to distract myself from thinking of a pair of green eyes. A few minutes later there is a small knock on my door. I pause the movie and open the door. “Come out to the living room I promise he will behave” Sophia says. Even tho I'm dying to see him again I don't think it's a good idea to go. “I don't think that is a good idea Sofy” I call her by the nickname I gave her. Hopefully that will help my case. I'm still calming down from out first encounter. “Please Jane give him one more chance. He isn't that bad when you get to know him I swear. I need for you two to get along for my sake” she pouts. I feel bad for her she is the one that is stuck in the middle of all of this. She grabs my hand and drags me to the living room before I can say no again. Gabriel is sitting down on the sofa with one leg on top of the table. He looks like a model getting ready to be photograph. He sees me coming and follows my movement like a hunter does his pray. I stop in front of the sofa and cross my arms daring him to start some thing. He just looks at me and grins. I hate him! “I am really sorry about earlier but you have to admit you weren't all that nice either Rambo” he says motioning towards the kitchen. I guess I wasn't as sneaky as I thought and got caught with the knife. How embarrassing is that. I bite down on my bottom lip trying to stop myself from laughing. Sophia stares at me and then at Gabriel trying to figure out what we are talking about. Gabriel winks at me and I feel some thing turning in my stomach. I'm probably hungry or something. “Fine I'm sorry Cesar (from plant of the apes)” I roll my eyes trying to hide my amusement. I walk all the way to the end of the sofa far away from him and  take a seat. “By the way let me introduce myself the right way. My name is Gabriel but my friends call me Gabe” he smirks. Damn him and that smirk. “I am Jane” I give him a small fake smile. Sophia is in the middle of us just turning her head towards the one that is speaking. I wish she can say something because the silent is uncomfortable. “So Jane what's your story” he finally ask after a while. His questions catches me of guard. He scans my face trying to read my expression but I keep my poker face on. I have a mean poker face thanks to many years of practicing with my dad. “Excuse me?” I ask when I finally get my voice under control. “Sophia tells me that you just moved to New York. Why New York?” he arch his eyebrow. His eyes never leaving my face. “It was a last moment kind of thing” I play with my necklace. I need to keep myself distracted. “Where are you from?” he looks at my hands and then back up to my eyes. I feel like I'm being interrogated. His stare is making me uncomfortable in so many ways. Is it getting hot in here or is it just me? “From a small town now leave her alone you sound like a cop” Sophia jumps in. I can't be any more thankful that she did. “Fine,” he stands up and I take that moment to scan him from head to toe. God he is perfect expect for when he opens his mouth of course. I wonder if he would be the perfect match if he was a mute. “I have to get back to work I'll see you later” he talks to Sophia but his eyes never leave me. Sophia walks him to the door and gives him a hug “Be safe”. I can tell how much they love each other. He might be an asshole to everyone else but he is different with Sophia. That much I can tell by just looking at them together. Right before he leaves he turns to face me “Nice to meet you G.I Jane”. I try my best not to smile at him even tho that's all I want to do. “Wish I could say the same King Louie” I give him a smirk. He chuckles and I feel some thing inside my chest as he close the door behind him. I must be getting sick first the stomach and know my chest. I should go the the pharmacy and buy some medicine to be prepare just in case. “King Louie?” Sophia laughs “From the Jungle Book I knew you were funny but Bravo” she claps her hands. I stand up to take a bow “Thank you thank you”. She walks back to me “I know that he can come off as an asshole but he really is a good person and he approves of you even if he doesn't say it”. Was she in the same room as I was? Did I miss something here? “If that's the way he shows that he approves than I would hate to see when he disapprove” I walk to the kitchen. If he can be more than the asshole he was to me then I want nothing to do with him. Not that I want anything to do with him now. “He isn't that bad he is just a little over protected that's all” she follows. I can understand him it would have been nice having an older brother looking out for me when I was growing up. “So what happen last night?” she sits across the kitchen counter. I was really hoping she would let that go but I guess that ain't going to happen. “Nothing why?” I pour out some coffee acting like I don't know what she is talking about. “Well due to the fact that your eyes were red this morning I can tell that you were crying unless you were smoking some ganja and I doubt that because I didn't smell any” she says. I take a sip of my coffee. It has been a long morning and my brain doesn't function without it. “Just a little home sick” I settle telling her half of the story. She walks over to me and gives me a one arm hug “Aw Jane why didn't you say anything? Why don't you call your father?”. I lay my head on her shoulder letting her confront me. “I don't think that's a good idea” I say knowing damn well it's not a good idea. I'm not even sure if he would want to talk to me in the first place. “If your father is anything like my mother then I'm sure he'll forgive you for leaving just give it a try” she squeeze me into her. I doubt her mother is anything like my father. “I'll think about it” I lie. “You know what will cheer you up?” she ask and I shake my head. “Some fast food, junk food, and movies” she smiles. Every time Sammy and I would have a bad day we always snuggle up in bed and watch movies all day. “Sounds good to me” I smile. “Let operation dont-let-Jane-miss-her-family begin” she says as she reaches for her phone.                                
                                     Chapter 8
     After our girls day yesterday I actually feel much better. Today we both have to go into work but I go in earlier than Sophia. “You really don't have to drop me off I can take the bus” I say to Sophia who insist on dropping me off even tho she goes in 2 hours after I do. I know she is trying to be a good friend by not letting me take the bus but that's ridiculous. “Don't be silly I have to run some errands around there anyways” she drives off. I really am bless to have walked into the shop that day. It turns out that I was right about her. I can trust her maybe not with all my secrets but I do trust her. “See you an a few” she calls after me as I get off the car. “Jane you'll be on cashier today” Maggie informs me as soon as I step inside the door. It's like she was just waiting for me to show up. I give her a smile and walk to my station to set it up. For some reason that I don't know yet Maggie can't stand me. I have been nothing but nice to her since I met her but I guess she doesn't like nice people. What ever it is I learn to brush it off I'm not going to let her ruin my day. Since today is a slow day I'm stuck in between two duties cleaning and being a cashier. I don't mind doing both it keeps me moving. “You have a customer” Maggie calls instead of taking care of them her self. God forbid she actually does anything to help me her hands might fall off. I throw the towel into the sink and wash my hands .“How may I help you” I lift my head up and stare into the most beautiful green eyes I have ever seen. Gabriel is standing in front of me with a white T-shirt and a black leather jacket. God does he make that leather jacket look good. I wonder if he has a motorcycle? If he does I will be more than happy to ride it. Snap out of Jane have you forget what an ass he is?  He smirks like the conceited bastard he is. He knows I was thinking of him and that makes me hate him more. “I didn't know you worked here” he says so causal you would think we are friends. Of course he didn't know I worked here I never told him. Why would I? We aren't friends and he didn't even bother in asking me if I had a job. “Well I do so how may I help you?” I say annoyed. He has only been here for a few seconds and he is already getting on my nervous. “That's not good customer service I would hate to report you to your boss” he teased. What a bastard! He would be the one to get me fired. I look over to my side and see that Maggie is glaring at me. I'm not about to give either of them the satisfaction to see me upset. I give him a fake smile and greet him the same way I would greet any costumers “How may I help you today Sir?” I say with clenched teeth. The words leave a bitter taste on my tongue. I hate the fact that I have to be nice to him. “Now that's better may I have a number 5” he smiles. I wish I can climb over the counter and rip that smile of his face. I look down to the screen and put in his order the faster it's done the faster he is out of my sight. “Hey stranger” Maggie says from beside me. Maggie twirls her blond hair with her finger obviously flirting with him. Gabriel hands me a 10 dollar bill. As I reach for the money our fingers brush against each other causing my skin to break out in to goosebumps. I look up to find is eyes on me and I quickly pull my hand away from him as he smirks. What the hell was that? “What's up Maggie how you been?” he ask all cool and collective. I guess he didn't fell the same when our hands touch. Maybe it's just my body screaming that she don't like him either. Yeah it has to be that. No matter how much I want to look away I can't help but to stare at them in disgust. They make a good couple they both are royal pain in me ass. I can see them forming a anti Jane club her being the president and him the vice president. I can see them coming up with a plan to get rid of me those bastards. I finally had enough of them I turn to walk away. I need to get back to cleaning the tables. As I'm cleaning the tables I can't stop my eyes from roaming to them. I don't know why it bothers me so much seeing them together but it does. Maggie flips her hair every minute. She thinks she looks cute but it looks like she has a nervous tick and Gabriel is just standing there with his devilish smile. Why is he smiling so much at her? What can possible be so funny? Why do I even care? I don't! Yes you do. “Jane” Maggie calls again. What can she possibly want now?  I tuck the towel in my pocket and walk over to her. “Can you take this order to Gabe?” she ask but I know she is really giving me an order. Why in the hell can't she take it to him? Weren't they having the time of their life just a few seconds ago. “Sure” I take the tray. What I  really want to say is he got legs to walk. I walk towards him hating every second of it. Maggie knows damn well we don't get along that's why she send me because she wants me to lose my shit but I won't. I can just see them planning on how to make my life a living hell maybe that's why they were laughing. Does assholes! Keep calm Jane your just over reacting. “Thank you” he says as I place his tray down “I have to say when you aren't acting like a warrior you are sort of pretty”. That took me of guard. I'm used to him being an asshole not him being nice to me. “Thanks, I guess” I don't know how to react. I feel my cheeks heating up I need to get away from him and fast before he sees me blush. As I spin around  to walk away he grabs my arm. Surprisingly his hold on my hand is gentle. His large hand almost takes up my whole arm. If he wants to he can easily break my arm. I look down to where his hand is wrap around my arm and slap it off. I don't know what game he is trying to play but I'm not interested. “Wow calm down Laura Croft” he shakes his hand acting like I hurt him. Before I could even respond I hear Maggie calling me again. I roll my eyes and walk away. I don't know which one drives me more crazy Maggie with her annoying voice or Gabriel and his double personality. I have to stay away from him because something inside me tells me that nothing good can come out of this. I get back to work and I feel Gabriel's eyes following my every move. He makes me so nervous and uncomfortable that my hands are shaking. Everything I pick up slips right out of them. What the hell is wrong with me?  No guy has ever got me this nervous before. I feel like an animal in a cage being watch. “What is Gabe doing here?” Sophia ask as she clocks in. “Eating” I answer trying to play it off like I don't care he is here. She looks at me and then back at Gabe who's eyes are still on me. “I'm not buying it” she walks over to him and I get back to work. I don't want him to think that I send her over there. “So?” I ask when she returns after 5 minutes. I am dying to know what he really is doing here. “Eating” she sounds pissed I look over to Gabriel. He lifts up his coffee to salute me and walks away. What a dick. He urks my nervous I can't stand him. “He is so annoying I swear sometimes I wish I was an only child” Sophia says as she gets back to work. “You don't mean that” I remind her. She just saying that cause she is mad at him but when that's over she'll go back to loving him. “Yeah I don't but he is annoying” she laughs. I can't argue with that. “Get back to work you two” Maggie yells and Sophia acts like she is 
choking her. 
                                    Chapter 9
“I'll see you at home” I say to Sophia as I clock out. I have to get going if I'm going to be on time to catch the bus. “Hey Jane would you like a ride?” Mark ask as I step out the shop. He is leaning on his car just hanging if I didn't know any better I would think he was waiting for some one. “No that's fine I can take the bus” I kindly turn him down. I don't want to bother him when I can just take the bus. “Don't be silly I'll give you a ride hop in” he insist. I really don't want to bother him but knowing him he isn't going to drop this. Being the gentleman that he is he opens the door for me “Please”. What the hell why not? How am I suppose to say no to that? “So how are you liking your job so far?” he ask as he drives off. “Well I love my job my boss is super nice” I say which is the truth. What other boss do you know gives their employees I lift to their house? He smiles “Really? I kind of herd he was an ass”. There is no way any one can think that he is an ass. He is the nicest person I have ever met well after Sophia of course. “Ha!” I laugh “I know what an ass is and trust me when I say you don't fall under that category”. He laughs “Well thank you that is nice of you to say”. I notice a change in his mood but I don't call him out on it. He turns on the volume on his stereo and we drive the rest of the way in silent. “Thank you so much Mark for the ride home” I thank him as I get off the car. “No problem it was my pleasure” he smiles. “See you tomorrow” I wave bye as he drives off. Seriously who ever calls Mark an asshole definite don't know the true definition of that word. Once I get inside I go straight for the bathroom to take a shower. I need to wash all the stress of today off me. When ever there is something bothering me I shower and wash it off me it sounds stupid but it actually helps. After my shower I decided to start on dinner since I'm the only one home and Sophia is still working. Sophia isn't much of a cook so I'm the one that does all the cooking anyways. I really don't mind it gives me a chance to practice everything Nina thought me. Once I had the spaghetti cooking I walk into the living room to watch some T.V. I was so into the movie that the knock on the door scares me off the seat. I guess that's what happens when you watch scary movies on your own. “Did you forget your keys Sofy” I say as I open the door. “No I don't have keys” Gabriel answer. Are you serious right now? Didn't he have enough fun this morning? “Are you kidding me?” I roll my eyes out of annoyance. What does he want with me? “Nice to see you too” he walks in. I don't even bother fighting him because there is no point. I close my eyes and take in a long breath “Sophia isn't home yet” I close the door. “Yeah I know,” he walks into the kitchen. I follow to turn off the stove. “Mmm something smells great” he walks over and opens the pot of spaghetti “You can cook?”. No the spaghetti manage to cook it self is what I wanted to say but go against it because for the first time he is actually acting nice. I wonder how long until the other shoe drops? “Yes I can cook” I walk to the living room leaving him behind. “Do you mind if I get some?” he ask. No matter how much I dislike some one I will never deny food to anyone. Two things I would never deny any one something to eat and a glass of water. “Knock your self out” I yell from the living room. If he thought I was going to serve him then he thought wrong. I turn the volume up on the TV and try to focus on the movie instead of Gabriel. A few minutes later Gabriel walks into the living room and sits right next to me “I have to say you are a great cook”. His body pulls my body towards him so I move away from him “Thanks”. I return to the movie even tho I can't concentrate with him being this close to me. All I can think of is how good he smells. He probably uses one of those axe spry that has every girl falling at his feet. Not that he needs that with the way he looks. All he needs to do is show up to have any girl drooling for him. Expect for me of course. “What are you watching?” he ask. “The Hills Have Eyes” I focus on what's going on in the movie. Hopefully he doesn't ask me what's going on cause I have no idea. “Good movie” he lays back with one hand on the back of his head and his feet on the table. He acts as if this is normal for us to just hang and watch movies like if we were friends. “What are you doing here?” I finally blurt out. I know there has to be a reason why he is here. “I can't visit my sister?” he arch his eyebrow as he rubs his non-existing belly. I can't help but stare at where his hand is rubbing. I bet he has a six pack underneath that shirt. “Of course you can but she isn't here and you knew that” I point out. He knows damn well that Sophia is still working. “I thought I could wait for her here” he shrugs. Why wait for her here when he can wait for her at the shop. He knew I was going to be here alone so why did he come? He didn't come to just hang with me and then it hits me the real reason why he is here. “Or maybe you don't trust me to be alone in your sister's apartment and you came to make sure I wasn't here with my drug addicting friends getting high” I say annoyed. He stares at me for a long time I can tell I hit it right out the park with my guess “I really don't know you so how can I trust you?” he finally answers. I feel like he just punch me in my stomach. I don't know why but it hurts to know that he doesn't like me. I lick my lips  because for some reason they are dry as hell “I understand,” I nod my head “I don't know you either and most importantly I don't want to get to know you” I get up from the sofa. “Where are you going?” he ask as I walk towards the hallway. “Away from you” I walk to my room. I can feel my eyes burning but I will not cry. I don't even like him so why do I care if he likes me or not? He is just a ignorant bastard mix with the asshole. I thought Raul was the biggest asshole in the world but I can see Gabe running pretty close to him. How can some one so nice like Sophia be related to that dick head?
                                       Chapter 10
     “There is a house party this weekend do you girls want to come with?” Liam ask us. Liam is always trying to get us to go out but I always say no. I want to be as low key as possible I don't want to attract attention from any one. “Sure I am always down for a party” Sophia shakes her hips. “How about you?” he ask me. Before I can say no to him Sophia jumps in “Come on Jane”. Sophia and Liam smash their face together and give me their sad eyes “Pleaseee”. What the hell why not go out and party. I never been to a real house party with normal people my age. “How can I say no to you two” I laugh giving in. “That's my girl,” Liam gives me a hi-5 “I'll drive to your house and we take a cab from there”. 
“Okay” Sophia and I both agree. “Does Liam have a girlfriend?” I ask Sophia as we leave work. I have never herd him talking about any girl. Maybe he is the type of guys that don't do relationships. “What?” she laughs “No he doesn't have a girlfriend”. I don't get what's so funny. “Really he is so handsome I would of thought he had a girl” I shrug. “Yeah he is handsome but he likes hot dogs if you know what I mean” she air quotes when she say hot dogs. I like hot dogs too so I don't understand what she means by that. “Oh” I say confuse. “He is gay Jane” she shakes her head. “What?” my eyes pop out “No way how do you know?”. He can't be gay I don't get that vibe from him. “Beside the fact that I tried and he decline all of this” she motions to her body “he has a mega crush on Gabe”. Seriously what do they see in that ape? Yeah I know he is okay looking maybe better like ridiculous outstanding looking but his personality sucks ass. “On Gabriel?” I laugh “He has horrible taste in man”. Sophia looks at me “Hey, you have to admit my brother is fucking hot” she frowns. I roll my eyes at her “I don't know about fucking hot but he is decent looking”. I play it off as if I don't know he is the sexiest man I have ever met. She laughs “Uh huh”.
“What should I wear?” I ask Sophia as I go through my closet. I have never been to a house party so I don't know what they wear. “It's a house party wear anything you want just not to dressy or to causal” she yells back. That is no help at all what the hell am I suppose to wear? “Okay” I say even tho I'm still freaking out. I decided to wear a black lace shirt with white shorts and my hair in a pony tail. I'm not over dress and it don't look like I'm going for a walk in the park it's perfect. “Nice” Sophia approves. “You look nice too” she is wearing a black skirt with a white see threw shirt “Thanks you don't think it's to trashy?” she ask. On any one else it probably look trashy but some how she makes it work. “Not at all” I answer trustfully. A few minutes later there is a knock on the door “That should be Liam”. She turns to open the door for him. “Hey sweetie” he gives her a kiss on the cheek. Liam is wearing a pink V-neck shirt with black skinny jeans and his hair is spiked up. Yeap I see it now how did I ever missed it I have no idea. “Hey Jane” he walks towards me. “Hey Liam you look hot” I give him a kiss on the cheek as he hugs me. “Thanks girl I try” he smirks “You girls look amazing” he checks out our outfits. “Come on divas let's go the cab is waiting for us” Sophia rush us out the door. We pull up to the party and the first thing I notice is that there are people outside drinking and the music is blasting out the house. As we walk up the drive thru the guys outside start shouting cat calls and whistles making me blush. “I know I'm hot but keep it in your pants guys” Liam shouts back at them making me laugh. He is so confident in himself and I love it. “Let's go get a drink” Liam drags us to the kitchen as soon as we step inside. “You came” a brown hair guy greets Liam. “Of course I told you I was coming,” Liam turns to us “This is Sophia and Jane, and this is Brandon”. 
“Nice to meet you” I smile and shake his hand. Brandon is a good looking guy. He is average looking like the boys I'm use to. “The same you two are very pretty any friends of Liam are my friends” Brandon smiles. “Oh I like him” Sophia points at Brandon. “Thanks please enjoy your self have fun get drunk” Brandon turns to Liam “See you later” and he walks away. Liam watches as Brandon walks away. There is something going on between them. “Who was that?” Sophia ask the question in my head. Sophia has known Liam longer than I have so she is comfortable asking him this kinds of questions. I on the other hand didn't even know he roll that way until a few hours ago. “A friend” Liam simply answers with a smirk. “A friend or a friend friend?” Sophia pushes trying to find out the answer. “How about them drinks?” Liam change the subject and with that walks away. “This is good what is it?” I ask as I drink from my cup. I'm really not the type to drink I don't like the taste of the liquor but I can't even taste it in this drink. “Gay punch” he smiles. I can't help but to laugh at the name of the drink. “Oh mamma likes” Sophia approves. “Let's go dance” Liam leads us to the living room where every one is dancing. I love to dance especially when I have some alcohol in my system. “Would you like to dance?” I guy comes up to me and ask. He seems like a good guy and he is attractive but I really don't feel comfortable dancing with some one I don't know. “No thank you” I kindly reject him. “Maybe next time” he walks away. “Why did you say no?” Liam frowns as I turn to face him. “I rather dance with you guys” I turn to Sophia but she was gone. Where the hell she go she was just here a second ago. “Over there,” Liam points to Sophia who is dancing with some guy. “You were saying?” he laughs. “Well at least I got you” I wrap my arms around him he smells so good. “You know you are very pretty” he complements me. Hearing anyone call me pretty always makes me blush. “Thanks you, you are very pretty too,” I look up. Liam has gray blue eyes. “I love your gray blue eyes” I say. He runs his hand through his dark blond hair “I know right they are boxers droppers” he winks. I notice that Brandon has been staring at Liam since we got here so I try to play cupid between them. “Brandon is cute also” I add. He looks over to him “Yeah he is”. Brandon stares at Liam and they give each other a smile that might not seem like nothing to any one else but my guts tells me there is more to that smile. “Go dance with him” I unhook myself from him. I know that he wants to go dance with him but he doesn't want to leave me alone. “What about you?” he looks back at me. “I'll be by the gay punch” I shake my empty cup. I need another drink anyways. “Okay don't drink a lot it's good but it will sneak up on you sweetie” he walks towards Brandon. A few songs later Sophia joins me by the gay punch. “Are you having fun?” she ask. I can honestly say that I am having fun with this punch. “Yeah” I pour us out some more gay punch. “Let's go dance” we finish our drink and go to the dance floor. I throw my hands in the air and get lost in the music. I love to dance ever since I was small. My dad said that I first learn how to dance and then walk. All of a sudden I feel some one pressing their body behind me. I turn to find Liam I smile and start dancing on him. I look back to Sophia and she is dancing with Brandon. “Good thing I am gay or I'll have a serious case of blue balls” Liam whisper into my ear. His breath on my ear makes me giggle. I turn to face him and wrap my arms around his waist “Why are all the good ones gay?” I press my face into his chest. He would be my perfect man if he wasn't gay or maybe he is my perfect man because he is gay. I feel his chest move as he laughs “Not all of them”. I lift my head up and look at him “Oh really? Name me one” I challenge him. If he knows some one that is just like him and not gay sign me up please. “Well there is Gabe” he says. I laugh “Ha! You fail Gabriel is a total douchbag next”. Poor Liam he has bad taste in men I hope Brandon isn't anything like Gabriel. Just hearing his names does things to my stomach or maybe it's just the alcohol. “We all have our douch bag's moment that doesn't mean he is a bad guy” he says. I forgot I was dealing with a Gabriel fan at heart. I poke him in his chest “You my dear friend have horrible taste in men”. He smiles “You'll come around trust me”. Yeah I don't think so there is nothing to come around to. I know I have to keep Gabriel far away from me as possible and I intend in doing just that. A few drinks and a couple of songs later I am completely drunk. “Where is Sophia?” I ask Liam. She stay disappearing on me. Last time I saw her she was on the floor dancing with some one next thing I know she vanish. “I don't know I think she is outside” he looks around the room for her. Panic starts to creep it's way up my body how long has she been gone? What if something happen to her? Oh god I think I'm going to be sick. “Let's go check” I drag Liam with me. We find Sophia sitting on a kiddie slide I feel like crying of happiness and laughing because she looks like a giant on that slide. We really need to talk about staying together when we are drunk. There is a lot of sick bastards out there. “Sofy are you okay?” I try not to laugh. “What?” she mumbles under her breath. Liam takes out his phone and starts to take pictures of Sophia “This is classic” he laughs. “Stop being a jerk” I push him away from her. Sophia falls backwards and her legs stay in the air showing her panties. Oh god I run to her side I try to lift her but she is heavy. “Help me get her up Liam!” I scowl at him. I don't want any one seeing her panties that's embarrassing. “Say kitty cat” Liam says. Sophia flicks him the finger at the same time he takes the picture. After he is done with his picture he finally helps me sit her back up. “I think it's time for us to go” I brush Sophia's hair out her face. I have never seen Sophia drink like this before something is going on with her. “I agree” Liam takes out his phone to call the cab “I need-o a cab-o”. What the hell is wrong with him? Why is he talking like that? “Yes-o Thanks-o,” he hangs up. “Catching up on my Spanish” he says as he catch me staring at him. I bust out laughing letting Sophia go. Who the hell taught him how to speak Spanish? “That is not Spanish you need to go back to school” I say as I laugh. “Yes it is all you have to do is add a O to the end of the word and tada Spanish” he says. Oh god I am laughing so hard that I can't even breath right. My stomach starts to hurt and I think I need to pee. I cross my legs trying to keep myself from peeing. “You're such a pendejo” Sophia says as she leans to her side. “Why does she need a pen for?” Liam ask. That takes me overboard “I have to go pee”. I run inside to the bathroom before I pee myself. As soon as I step back outside come the cab pulls up. I walk over to Sophia and help Liam carry her into the cab. “How can some one so small be so heavy?” he ask. I ask myself the same question but I was smart not to say out loud. “Shut up-o and be a man-o” Sophia mumbles. I giggle and give the cab driver my address. Sophia fall asleep on the way so we carry her up the stairs. To my surprise Gabriel is leaning on the door. My heart starts to race and I feel my stomach turning. What is he doing here at this time? Great just what I need right now. “What the hell happen to Sophia?” he runs to take her into his arms. “Too much gay punch” I say as I try to open the door. “Gay what?” Gabriel scowls at me like if it's my fault. I really don't feel like explaining to him what gay punch is so I just ignore him. The door doesn't want to open so I shove my hip to give it a push. The door flies open and I lose my balance. “Wow” Liam wraps his arms around my waist preventing me from falling face first on the ground. I have never been so thankful before in my life he just safe me from fucking my face up. “Thank you so much” I turn to hug him. “Uh-hum” Gabriel clears his throat. I forgot that he was even here. What crawl up his ass? I turn to face him to see what's his problem. “Excuse us” he glares at me as he walks pass us with Sophia. “I think I should go home” Liam pulls back from me. “I think that's a good idea” Gabriel barks from the apartment. “No” I snap. Liam is my friend and if he wants to stay he can. I pull him into the apartment and close the door behind us “You can stay here”. I glare at Gabriel wanting him to try me. Who the hell does he think he is? He has no say in who I can have over. “Well I am staying over and sleeping on the sofa” Gabriel quickly says giving me a smirk. Is he challenging me? He must not know that I love a challenge. He thinks he won this fight. Ha! He is so wrong. “I can call a cab” Liam announced from behind me. This isn't about Liam no more this is personal. This is a fight between me and Gabriel to see who has more power. “Fine Liam you can sleep with me” I say before I even know what I'm saying. Gabriel looks at me in disbelief. I give him a victory smile and drag Liam to my room not giving him a say. “What was that about?” Liam ask as we enter my room. “That my friend is Gabriel showing his true asshole nature. You still think he is a good one?” I turn to face him. “Mm I don't know if I didn't know any better I would say that Gabe was jealous” he says. Unbelievable he can't be that blind. Liam reaches for his shirt and takes it off. He is skinny but he is built with clean and strong lines. He looks like a underwear model. I'm starting to second guess my decisions of having him sleep with me. “On a scale of 1 to 100 how gay are you?” I ask. “Baby I am over the scale gay” he winks at me and I feel relief. I have never slept with a guy before especially a hot one at that. “Do you want some pajamas bottom?” I ask. I don't think he wants to sleep in his pants. “Sure” he smiles. I search in my drawers and throw him my pink bunnies pants. I walk to the closet and change into a long shirt. I don't care if he is gay I'm not changing in front of him. No man has ever seen me naked. “How do I look?” Liam ask as I re-enter the room. The pants fit him so tight that I am afraid that if he bends over he'll rip them. I can't control my laughter “Oh my guy!”. He turns around to look at his butt “I like my ass it looks huge in this. You are so not getting this back”. If I had any thought that he wasn't gay that just wrap it up for me. I'm not sure I want them back after seeing him in them. “Do you want anything from the kitchen?” I ask as I catch my breath. “Some water would be fine” he walks towards the bed. I close the door still laughing at what I just saw. Once I step into the kitchen I find Gabriel making a sandwich. I had forgot all about him. I walk pass him not even acknowledge his presence. I open the fridge door and take out the water as I reach for the a glass he speaks “Can you keep it down in there”. I guess some one isn't a fan of fun that's not a surprise to me. I refuse to answer him instead I pour out some water for Liam. What I want to say to him is if he don't like the noise then maybe he should go to his house. “So you and Liam?” he ask. Alright I had enough of him. “What?” I spin around to face him. He crosses his arms over his chest and I can't help but to look at his biceps. They are so tone I wonder how much weight can he lift. “Nothing I just didn't take you as a one night stand kind of girl” he answer. I swear every time he opens that damn mouth of his it's a reminder of how much of an ass he is. First he accuses me of being a druggie and now he is calling me a hoe. I start clenching my hands I have to do something with them to keep me from hitting him. “Excuses me?” I ask my voice comes out taunt. If he knows what's good for him he will take the chance I'm giving to change his question. “There is nothing wrong with it maybe I can go next” he smirks as he checks me out. This motherfucker just dig his own grave. I start to see red and before I can even punch him in his face I throw the water instead. He gasp as the cold water hits his face. “Not a chance in hell asshole” I storm out the kitchen shoving him out my fucking way. I can't be in the kitchen where there are knifes around because I might just stab him. I walk in to my room and slam my bedroom door. “What happen?” Liam ask sitting up from the bed. “We are out of water” I turn off the lights and jump in bed. I'm so mad I can't believe his audacity. At the end of the day what is it to him if I was in here fucking Liam? He wants to think I'm a hoe I'll give him a reason to think that I'm a hoe. “Oh Liam!” I shout scaring Liam. Liam reaches for the lamp light and turns it on “I am not even touching you”. Damn I should of included him before doing anything. I cover his mouth “Liam don't stop!” I shout. Liam raise his eyebrows and I uncover his mouth “Gabriel think we are having sex” I whisper “So go with it” I drop my hand from his mouth. “What?” he laughs. “I know right” I shake my head in disbelieve. “Oh Jane!” he growls in his best man voice. I throw a pillow over my face to cover my laughter. After a few minutes of fake moaning and growling we stop. “That was fun” I whisper to Liam. “Yeah hopefully I don't get my ass kick” Liam says. I don't understand why he would. “You aren't lets go to bed I'm tired of all that wild sex” I laugh. “You got to admit I just rocked your world” he says before turning of the light. “Can you explain why the hell was Gabe here this morning?” I hear Sophia as she walks the room. What time is it? I should really start locking my door. “Holly shit!” she looks between me and Liam “Liam I thought you was over the scale gay?” she frowns. I can already see her coming up with different scenarios in her head about what happen last night. “It's not what you think” I quickly say. I explain everything that happen last night from her flashing everyone to what happen with Gabriel. “That explains why he was asking so many questions this morning” she says. Liam looks over to me “Jealous” he smirks.
                                     Chapter 11
     The days seems to go by so fast that I don't even realize that yet another month has gone by. Nothing has really change. I try keeping myself busy with work and when I'm not working I'm either at home reading a book or hanging with Sophia and Liam. Maggie is still a bitch, Liam and I have become great friends. He is so much fun to be around and I love working with him. I have only seen Gabriel a few times since that day. I try avoiding him as much as I can. To bad that I can't get him off my mind. Every time I close my eyes I see his green eyes staring back at me maybe it's just because I dislike him so much. It has to be that right? What else can it be? “Look who just walked in” Liam says and I turn around to find Gabriel. I swear every time I see him he looks better than last time. “Shoot me now” I take two fingers and put them against my temple pretending they are a gun. “I got him don't worry” Liam smiles and I thank him. This is why I love working with him he always have my back when I don't wan to do something. I turn around and get back to work. As I move around I feel his eyes on me like always. Why does he stare at me so much? I turn to my station and see I have a costumer. “How may I help you?” I ask as I make my way to my station. “Can I get a number 3” he says in a deep voice that makes me cringe. I give him my fake smile “You sure can”. His eyes are so dark that I feel the need to hide. He hands me the money “You're very pretty” he says. If it was some one else calling me pretty I would blush but coming from him it makes me want to run. “Thank you” I pull my hand back feeling awkward. The man looks like he is in his 40's he looks older than my father. “How old are you?” he continues. I hand him his tray avoiding his question “Here you go have a nice day” I give him a half smile. Even tho I don't want to be nice I have to it's my job. “You too” he smiles and I notice he has a gold tooth. There is something about him that gives me the creeps he looks back and I quickly turn away. Great now I have two extra pair of eyes staring at me. “Excuse me may I have some assistant over here” the same man says. I look over to Maggie pleading her with my eyes not to send me over there. “Jane go see what's wrong” she says. Of course silly me for thinking that she can do something nice for once. I walk over to him as slow as possible. Don't show him how nervous you are  the voice in my head says. I lift my head up and walk with confident that I don't have. “Yes how may I help you Sir?” I stand a few feet away from him. He looks at me from head to toe and I feel sick to my stomach. “Jane you forgot to give me my fries” he says. The little hairs on the back of my next stands up when he says my name because I never gave it to him. “How do you know my name?” I say trying to control my voice. My heart is raising so fast I can hear it in my ears. “It's on your name tag” he simply answers. “Right I'll be back with your fries” I walk away as fast as I could. Snap out of it Jane it's just some creepy man. I walk back dreading every second of it “Here are your fries and I am sorry for forgetting them” I smile. I quickly turn around but he grabs my hand. What is it with men thinking it's okay for them to touch me when ever they want? I look at his hand and then back at his face. He has a crazy smile on that makes me want to scream. I try pulling my hand away but he tightens his hold on me. “How about we go out some time?” he ask. Is he crazy? I start to panic but then I remember that I know how to defend myself. How I forgot that I have no idea. I'm getting to comfortable with my new life. “How about you let go of my hand and I won't break your balls” I give him an evil look. He pulls me towards him and the air leaves my lungs as I smell cigarettes on his breath. “You want to play with my balls baby?” he says in a husky voice. All right enough being manhandle by this asshole. If I hit him right in the nose I know I can break it and then he will let me go. I bring my hand back ready to punch hiim. “Is everything okay Princess?” Holly shit my hands freezes in mid air. There is only one person on this earth that calls me princess. I slowly turn my head around and see Gabriel standing right behind me. Oh thank god I thought it was my father. “Excuse me can you let go of my girlfriend's hand I have a thing about strangers touching her” he slides in between us and the man grip loosen up. Did he just call me his girlfriend? I take the opportunity to pull my hand away and hide behind Gabriel. I know I should probably get back to work but I can't move right now. “When you get tired of messing with little boys and want to know what a real man feels like give me a call” he winks at me and I try not to gag. This man is a sicko. “That's not going to happen so have a nice day or don't I really don't give a fuck” Gabriel says with clench teeth. He is trying his best to control his breathing it catches me by surprise how mad he sounds. The man gets up to leave and Gabriel blocks his view of me until he is gone. Gabriel turns to around and grab my hand where the man was grabbing me. He was grabbing me so hard that you can still see his fat fingers on my skin. “Are you okay? Do you know who he was? Or what he wanted?” Gabriel ask as he looks me over. I am dazed out in space going over and over of what just happen. I have no idea who the hell he was or what he wanted. What if he works for my father? I don't think my father would approve of his behavior and then it hit me what if he works for my father's enemies? Oh god I think I'm going to be sick. “Jane are you okay? Do you hear me?” Gabriel voice finally breaks my thoughts. “Do you know-” I shake my head because I already know what he is going to ask. “I have no idea who that was” I fight back some tears. “We don't pay you to stand around” Maggie yells. I look at Gabriel and break away from his hold. “Thank you for you know” I say as I walk away. Liam runs to my side and gives me a hug “Are you okay doll?”. I blink away my tears because I know Gabriel is still staring at me “Yeah let's get back to work before Maggie start bitching”. Sophia walks in half an hour later and she stops to talk to Gabriel. By the way her face expression keep changing I know he is filling her in. “Oh my guy Jane are you okay? Gabe told me about that weirdo” she hold me at arm length making sure I'm still whole. “I am fine it was nothing” I dismiss it. “Are you sure you are okay? Do you need anything?” she brings me into a hug. If I get one more hug I think I might just break down. “I am fine let's get back to work before Maggie starts with her bull shit” I try to change the subject. “I give 3 fuck's what she say” she pouts. “Come on you two let's get to work I think we had enough drama with Jane for today” Liam comes in and rescues me. Gabriel walks over to Sophia and whispers something in her ear as he watches me. “What he say?” I ask her after he left. “To be careful” Sophia says and we get back to work. “Mark wants to speak to you before you leave” Maggie snaps at me. I'm not really in the mood for her bull shit right now. Great she probably put a complain about me 10 minutes before my shift was over I walk into Mark's office. I knock on the door “Come in” he says. I open the door “Jane take a seat please” he quickly says. I walk in and take a seat. “I herd what happen today and I want to apologize nothing like that has ever happen and I can guarantee that he won't come back to bother you”. I give him a smile as I play with my chain “Thanks”. 
“Now let's drop the boss act how are you feeling? I am asking you as a friend” he says. “I'm okay just a little freaked out” I say. “Honestly I am glad I wasn't there because I would of gotten a lawsuit” he says and I laugh. “Well thank god because I wouldn't want you to lose your job over me” I joke. “If you need anything please don't be shy to ask for my help and if you need time off I'll be glad to give you some” he says. I feel so warm inside knowing that I have another friend I can count on. “No I don't need any time thank you for offering” I shake my head. “Alright then I am glad that you are okay and remember if you need anything at all call me” he smiles. “Thanks Mark” I walk out before this gets even more weird. I don't want people to think something else. “What time do you get out?” I ask Sophia. “In two more hours” she pouts. I laugh at her little bratty attitude “I'll just take the bus” I say. “I don't think that is a good idea” she frowns. “I'll be fine” I give her a hug and clock out. I walk outside before she can try to stop me again. Knowing her crazy ass she will clock out just to drive me home. “Where do you think you are going?” I hear as soon as I step outside. I turn around and find Gabriel standing next to his car. “Um home” I start to walk. He comes around to stands in front of me “I'm taking you”. I don't think so. I know that he did some thing nice for me today but that doesn't mean that we are friends. “No thank you I prefer to take the bus” I step around him. “I said I was taking you and that's not up for a discussion” he scowls at me. I shake my head I don't want to ride with him. I prefer to take the bus or even walk than to be in the same car as him. I don't trust myself around him especially right now that I can't get a hold of my emotions. Before I could even say no again he lifts me up and throws me over his shoulder. “What the fuck? Put me down now!” I yell as I kick my feet .“I don't have time to deal with a brat” he starts to walk. “Put me down seriously!” I holler as I punch and kick him. He chuckles and just tighten his hold around my legs. He probably eats my punches for dinner. His back is all muscles just like everything on him. Instead of hurting him I'm hurting myself. This is so embarrassing I have never been carried not even by my father. I cover my face with my hands trying to hide my embarrassment from the people passing by. He stops and then slowly slides me down against his body. As he slides me down I feel his every muscles. My heart is beating so fast and I'm having trouble breathing my feet touches the ground and we are face to face. Our nose are touching and we are both breathing hard. God he really is good looking it should be a crime to look that good. I stare at his lips and then back to his green beautiful eyes. He holds my gaze and I want to look away but I can't. He licks his lips and my knees go weak.
                                   Chapter 12
     “Get in the car” he says in a husky voice as he opens the door. I quickly turn away from him and climb in the car. I need to put some space between us. What the hell just happen? One minute I want to kill him and the next I am all weak in my knees staring at him like some kind of love sick puppy. I concentrate on my breathing I need to get back to normal where I can't stand Gabe. He gets in the car and I stare out the window to avoid looking at him. “There was no need for you to carry me I am not a little girl” I finally spoke. “You could of fooled me by the way you was acting and why would you even walk alone at this time?” he says. “Well I don't have a car so I have to take the bus” I say in a matter of fact voice. He taps his finger on top of the steering wheel trying to keep his calm “You should be more careful especially after what happen today by the way have you ever seen that guy before?”. All I want to do is forget what happen today but I guess that's not going to happen. “No I have no idea who he was” he stares at me “Are you sure?”. 
“Positive” I start to play with my chain. “You know if you are in some kind of trouble you can tell me” he says. “I'm fine” I answer. What makes him think I will trust him I barley like him as it is. I see him staring at me from the corner of my eyes. The truth is that no one can help me and I know that. “I'm surprise your boyfriend didn't come to your rescue” he calmly says. “You know damn well he isn't my boyfriend” I roll my eyes at him. “That's right he is your booty call” he corrects himself. Here we go with this bull shit again. “Yeah a great booty call actually” I cross my arms around my chest and stare at him. Is that what he wanted to hear? That's the kind of girl he thinks I am. “Really?” he arch his eyebrow. “Yes really” I nod my head. “Well you must be some kind of sex goddess or something” he chuckles. I don't understand his comment. “Why?” I drop my arms. “To get a I quote 'over the scale gay guy' unquote to have sex with you then you must be pretty amazing” he laughs. My cheeks start to burn I look down to my hands. I totally forgot that Sophia told him the truth about Liam. “I got to say you had me going there” he confess. “Well that's what you get for always jumping to conclusions when it comes down to me” I arch my eyebrow at him. “You're right I am sorry” he admits. I look at him in shock did he just admit to something and then apologize to me? “I have to admit,” he continues “Liam has good taste in man”. There goes the Gabriel I know. I can't believe Sophia even told him that part. “That is still up for questioning” I say and I hear him chuckle. He parks the car in front of my building. “Thank you for giving me a ride even if I didn't want one” I hop out the car. I need distant from him and I need it now. I hear his door close and I turn “I think I can manage walking to the door with out getting harass”. This is getting ridiculous. “You never know,” he smirks “Do you mind if I wait for Sophia inside?” he puts his hands inside his pocket. I should be nice to him he did save me today from that man. I bite the inside of my mouth as he just wait for my answer. “Sure” I turn around and walk towards the door. I feel a little embarrass climbing up the stairs knowing he is behind me. I should of let him go first. I peak from the corner of my eye and I see him staring at my ass. Pervert! My hands are shaking as I reach for the keys. I try opening the door but the keys fall to the ground. Get a hold of your self Jane. I hear Gabriel laugh behind me. I bend down and quickly pick up the keys. “Are you alright? You seem kind of shaky” Gabriel tease. Why am I so nervous? As soon as I walk inside the house I untie my hair. I hate having my hair tied up it always gives me headaches. I rub my scalp and my curls go everywhere. It feels so good that I have to fight back the moan that wants to escape me. I look over to Gabriel and find his green eyes staring at me. “What?” I snap out of habit. He always has something smart to say. “Nothing you have nice hair” he shrugs as he shoves his hand into his front pocket. Is that a compliment? “Thanks” I smile. He walks towards the living room and I go into the kitchen. “Do you want anything to drink?” I might as well be friendly. “Yes please a soda would be fine thank you”. Well what do you know the ape has manners. I'm starting to discover a new side to him and to be honest it's scaring me. I can resist him when he is being an asshole but I can't resist him when he is being nice. I bring him his soda and take a seat on the sofa. “So Jane” he says. I take a sip of my water and look over to him “So Gabriel”. I know he has something up his sleeves. “I think we should start all over again. You know from a clean slight” he rubs his hands on his jeans. If I didn't know better I would think he is nervous. Maybe I'm not the only one who feels something. “Why do you want to start all over again?” I ask. I'm going to enjoy every minute of him being nervous. He is always so sure of himself that I'm not use to seeing him like this. “Well you'll be living here for a while so I think it would be a good idea for us to get along and not hate each other you know for Sophia sake” he has a point. It must be hard for Sophia to have us fighting all the time. “Okay let's see how things works out” I say. I'm willing to give this a try let see how long it last. He held out his hands “Hi my name is Gabriel”. I let out a laugh “Hi I'm Jane and I don't do drugs or one night stands”. I had to give him the last blow. My hand fits perfectly inside his. He laughs “I'm sorry about the whole drug thing”. Well what do you know for the second time today he apologizes and I believe he is being sincere. “It's fine but for the record I hate anything that has to do with drugs” I say. He has no idea how much. “I understand I feel the same way” he agrees. I look down to my hand which is still insides his and he lets go when he notice. I wonder what kind of experience he has had with drugs but I don't ask because I don't want him to ask about mines. “But anyways I am really sorry and I hope that we can move pass this” he smiles and my heart skips a beat. What was that about? I smile back “Already have”. He wiggles his eyebrows and I know the shoe is about to drop “So how about we play 21 questions?”. What is it with him and questions?. I really don't want to answer any questions about me but I do want to know about him. “Fine but with one condition,” I say. He nods his head for me to go on “We can skip any questions we don't want to answer”. I'm not about to jump into this game with out putting down some rules first. He rubs his chin and I can see that he is debating his decision. I would be happy with either decision really. “Deal” he finally says. Deep down I know this is a bad idea but I can't help but to fall into his trap. I want to know everything about him. “Okay so lets start slow and steady” he gives me an evil grin. I feel myself getting nervous so I start playing with my chain. “What's your full name?” he shift his body so he can see my face.
“Jane Carter” I feel bad for lying already. I grab a pillow and lay it on my lap “How old are you?” I ask.
“I'm 24” he is younger than what I thought. He looks more mature. “And you?”
“I'm 20” I answer. He probably going to think I'm to young. “Where do you work?” I quickly ask.
“Pass” he runs his hand threw his hair. Why did he just pass a simple question like that? “Where did you lived?”
“Pass” I refuse to answer just like he did. “Do you have a girlfriend?” Where did that come from? Why do I even care?
“No,” I try hiding a smile “I don't have time for one”. Why does it bother me so much that he doesn't want a girlfriend? “Do you have any siblings?” he leans in to his hand. He has a perfect face maybe he is a model and is embarrass to admit it. “No just me. When is your birthday?” I ask.
“January 5th” so he just turn 24 this year. “How about yours?”.
“July 27” I hug the pillow remembering that day. That was a crazy day.
“That was recently did you have a party?” he ask.
“Should I count that as a question?” I say trying to avoid talking about that night.
“I don't know should I?” he mocks.
“You can't answer a question with an question” I laugh.
“Fine it's a question” he laughs and it's like music to my ears. I really have never herd him laugh before and that's a shame because he really has a sexy laugh.
“My dad threw a little get together at the house” I give him little details. 
“How about your mom?” he ask. “Hey it's my turn” I pout. I don't know if I want to share anything about my mom that is just to personal for me. He smiles “Sorry go ahead”.
“Do you have any kids?” I say without even thinking about it. “Yeah I have one” he answer. Of course he would have a kid he is drop dead gorgeous any one in their right mind would want to have his baby. Who wouldn't want little babies with his green eyes even I want one. What? No not me! He starts to laugh hysterically “I'm lying I have no kids”. I don't know why but I feel relief and a tad annoyed that he lied to me. I get up and start beating him up with the pillow. “Not fair you can't lie”. Look who is talking about lying. He grabs my hands and pins me to the sofa while we both laugh. For the second time today our bodies are pin together. We both stop laughing and are now staring at each other. My body is so aware of his that it's starting to burn. “You got nice amber eyes” I feel his breath on my lips. My chest starts to raise and fall faster than before. “You have amazing green eyes” I say in between breaths. “I believe it's my turn,” he tucks a strand of my hair behind my ear and I'm so tempted to lean in to his touch “What or whom are you running from?”. I stare into his eyes and for a split second I feel like I can trust him. What is it with Sophia and him that I automatically want to trust them? Just when I start to let my guard down I fall back to reality. “Why do you think I'm running?” I ask. He shakes his head “You can't answer a question with a question remember?”. I let out a small puff “I'm not running”. Another lie. “You're lying right now” he lets go of my hands. I miss his touch instantly this can't be good. Before I can even sit up I feel his hands on my side and he starts to tickle me. “No! Stop!” I wiggle around trying to catch my breath. Every time I move around I can feel him on top of me. I'm laugh so much that I am running out of breath. He stops and helps me sit up “Are you okay?” he ask as he strokes my hair. “Jerk” I finally say when I catch my breath. “So who's turn is it?” I ask after my breathing goes back to normal. “I believe it's yours” he sits back. “What are your favorite kind of movies?” I lay back next to him our shoulders touching each other. “That's easy horror movies” he smiles. “Mines too” I say a little to excited. “What about your mom?” he ask turning his face to me. I don't know what posses me to tell him the truth but I do. “She died when I was a toddler” I played with my chain avoiding his stare. He puts his hand over mines and I feel all warm inside “I'm sorry about your mom”. I look over to him and see sadness in his eyes “Thanks it's okay. How about your mom?”. His face lights up as soon as I ask the question. “My mother is the best mother in the world” I feel jealous but the good kind that he had the opportunity to get to know his mom. “She lives upstate,” he smiles “how about your dad?”. Bingo the one million dollar question. “What about him?” I drag my hand away from his. “What is he like?” he shift his body to face me. “My dad,” I look down to my hands while I play with them “he is caring, loving, kind, overprotected, strict, and he loves spoiling me”. I can also add a drug dealer, kidnapper, murder, and a monster but that's not my father that's El Rey. He leans in and wipes the tear that I didn't even know was falling “That's why you left?” he ask. I don't want him to know that I ran away from my house. “How about your father?” I change the subject. His face drops and he runs a hand through his hair. His face tighten up and his mouth draws together “I should go and make sure Sophia get's home safe”. He gets up so fast that I swear I saw dust coming out of him. “It was nice meeting you Jane see you later” he smiles and walks out the door. What was that about? That was weird I asked him about his father and he completely went cold on me but who am I to question his father's issues? When I have my owns. I walk to the door and lock it.
                                        Chapter 13
      “We should go out and celebrate” Sophia says. What does she want to celebrate? Who's birthday is it? “Celebrate what?” I ask. “The fact that you and Gabe are cordial with each other” she rant. Gabe and I have been more friendly with each other ever since that day. Don't get me wrong we still fight but that's just the way our relationship works.  “You want to celebrate that?” I laugh. “Okay you got me I just want to go out and dance” she gives me a sad smile “please”. She knows damn well it's hard for me to say no when they give me the sad face. On the other hand I haven't been out since that day we all went to the house party. “Like to a real club?” I never been to a club before. “Duh where else?” she ask as if it was the dumbest question she has ever herd. “Fine let's do it” I'm actually excited to go clubbing. Sammy would be so jealous. We always talked about our first time clubbing. I really should call her soon I haven't talked to he since that day it's not that I don't want to talk to her it's just to hard. Sophia claps her hand bringing back to the now. “Yay! That's my roomie you know what this mean?” she ask all excited. I'm sort of scare to ask her. I stare at her with a blank face. “Shopping!” she yells. “Like to a real mall?” I bet I sound like a complete retard. I have never been to a mall the mall always comes to me. “Seriously are you from like a different planet? Didn't you have clubs or malls where ever you came from?” she ask. “Of course I was just not allow to go anywhere” I say offensively. She'll be surprise of how many things haven't experience. “Well then I don't blame you for running away and neither should your father” she says. I can't believe I admit that to her. It's so easy to talk to Sophia that I don't even realize what comes out of my mouth. I can only hope that my dad will one day understand. “The best therapy for anything is shopping and that grass hopper is your first lesson” Sophia says as we pull up to the mall. We shopped for hours and I love every minute of it. The vibe is different when your in the mall. I can't believe how much I haven't experience because of my father. “Oh my guy! We should dye our hair” Sophia jumps with excitement. I have never dyed my hair before but I always wanted to. I really like my brown hair but it won't hurt to try something new.  “That's a great idea” I say as we walk into the store. “What color are you dying it?” I ask. I don't know what color I want to dye my hair. “I'm thinking light brown and you?” she ask. I want a color that is the total opposite of my brown hair. I want some thing that would change my look completely. I got it. “Red!” I say. Once we got home we got straight to dying each others hair. Sophia said there was no point in wasting money in a salon when we can do our self. Which makes sense when you think about it. “Times up I'll go first and then you'll go” Sophia grabs her towel and walks to the bathroom. “Okay” I put on some music and start cleaning up the mess we made. The music is so loud that I barley hear the knock on the door. “Coming” I yell as I go open the door. Oh my god! Just my luck Gabe is standing there with all his glory. It's not like I care what I look like around him but come on really? I'm wearing my white tank top that has like a million of little holes and I'm pretty sure that I have red dye all over my face. Sophia and I got a little messy while we were dying our hair. “I'm sorry I think I got the wrong house” Gabe chuckles. Man that chuckles does things to me. “Ha ha funny boy” I invite him in. Not that he needs an invitation to come in. “You shouldn't think so much I think you pop a cord with all that red on your head” he tease. I swear I want the ground to open and suck me in. I'm so mortified I should of never open the door but there is no way I'll ever let him know that or he will haunt me for ever. “Where do you come up with this stuff?” I walk into the living room trying to avoid him as much as I can. What is taking Sophia so long in that shower? “So I guess you're going for the whole lava girl thing” he joke. “Actually I was aiming for a Ronald McDonald kind of thing” I tease. I might as well go with the flow. “Your turn” Sophia finally says as she walks out the bathroom. I'm so thankful to get away form Gabe that I almost trip. Great that's just what I need. What the hell is wrong with me? “Your brother is here” I say as I pass Sophia. “Gabe what are you doing here?” I hear her ask as I close the bathroom door. Why does he make me so nervous and why do I always have to embarrass myself in front of him? I have never been the type of girl that cared what other people thought about me. Especially a man and I am not going to start now. I hop in the shower and stayed in  until the water ran clear and that took a while. Part of me stay so long in the shower waiting for Gabe to leave. I wrap my towel around my body and made sure it was secure. With the luck I have Gabe is probably still there and as soon as I walk pass him my towel will drop. I quickly make a run to my room and once I was there I let it a breath of relief. Once inside my room I start treating my hair with a cream the sales lady gave me for after I dyed it. I put on some of my curly hair cream on my hair or else I'm really going to look like Ronald. The good thing about curls is that they look really nice when you know how to tame them. On the other hand if you don't know how to treat your hair you are in for one crazy bad hair day. I haven't seen myself in the mirror yet so I have no idea how I look. I walk to my mirror on the wall and look at my self. Oh my god I look so different. Who would of thought that by changing you hair color you can actually look like a different person. The red really brings out my curls and I love it! Today a new Jane is born no more Jane Santana. I left her in the past with everything else. I start to get ready for tonight. I bought a white mini dress that hugs my body the right way. I'm going to pair it of with my new red high heels that I bought to match my hair. I decide to do a light smokey eye, I add mascara, throw some lip gloss on, some earrings, and last but not least more hair cream. You can never have enough hair cream. One I put the last details to my look I walk over to check myself out in the mirror again. The dress fits form-fitting hugging my boobs and ass making them look huge. Not that I need any help in the boob department I have been bless with a C-cup. Now my ass is a different story I wasn't as lucky. The color white really makes my tan skin pop out even more. Thanks to my Hispanic background I always look like I have a tan.  Since my hair is drying up it has more volume to it.  “Wow hoochie mama!” Sophia yells as I walk in the living room. “I have to admit at first I wasn't sure about the whole red hair but damn you are killing it and that dress,” she spins me around “looks amazing look at that cake”. What cake? I turn around to the kitchen looking for the cake. “You baked a cake?”. Now that is just ridiculous. I hear her laugh “No silly I'm talking about your ass!” she smacks my ass making me jump. “So cake is slang for ass?” I ask confuse. “Exactly and you have a cake” she smiles. I have to catch up on slang. “Look who is talking I love that color hair on you it makes you looks younger and that dress looks amazing” I return the compliment. She is wearing a dress that fits her tight from her waist up really outlining the perfect waist line she has. From her waist down the dress is puffy and loose. “You like?” she spins and her dress spin around in the air with her. “I love it” I reassure her. “We are some hot as bitches,” I know that I'm in for some trouble when that smirk of hers appears “but before we leave let's do some shots”. I shake my head while laughing I knew she had something up her sleeves. There is no point in saying no to her because she always gets her way. It's not her fault it's mine for being to soft. She walks to the kitchen and takes out a Patron bottle and two shot glasses. “How about you drink and I drive because one of us has to be sober” I try getting out of it. She pours the Patron “Nice try but we aren't driving tonight so drink up”. It was worth a try. She slides my shot over to me and lifts hers “To a good night out. Don't smell it just drink it on the count of 3” she smiles. I have never drunk Patron but I can already tell I'm not going to like it. “1,2,3” she counts down. We both throw our drinks back and I swallow with out tasting it. The Patron slides down leaving a burning sensation in my throat as it settles into my stomach “Oh god that's nasty,” I say trying not to gag “how are we getting there? Are we taking a cab?” I ask. I slide her my glass I don't want no more. She pours out another shot “Nope” she drinks “I sort of invited Jake and Taylor”. She did what? She pours out a shot and slides it to me and I take it because I need it. I take my shot and shiver as it goes down. Seriously who likes to drink this in a regular basic? “Why didn't you tell me?” I ask. I am not comfortable going out with guys I don't know. If I've learned anything from my past life is to not trust any one. Not everyone is what they seem and I know that from first hand. “I knew you would say no” I push my glass to her and she refills it. “You're right” I drank again trying not to go all out on her. I need some liquid courage to go through with this. “Please don't be mad” she pouts. “It's to late for that” we took another shot. A few shots later I'm actually more relax and I don't even taste the shots no more. They go down like water. Jake calls Sophia to let her know he was downstairs.  “One more shot before we leave” I take the bottle and pour us a double shot. We stumble our way downstairs and by the time we got into the car I knew I was drunk. “Fuck,” Taylor hollers from beside me “how is it possible that you two look hotter than the last time I saw you?” he says. Really that was pretty smooth I thought to myself. “Thanks” Sophia says and I roll my eyes what a typical man. “That red hair makes you look even hotter than what you were it makes you look so dangerous” he leans in to whisper in my ear. “Careful don't get to close or you'll get burn” I push him back to his side of the car. “You look beautiful” Jake kiss Sophia on her cheek. Sophia gives him a small shy smile. I have never seen her act this way before she always so electric. I can tell that Sophia really likes him and it makes me feel happy for her. I really don't know much about her love life because she doesn't talk about it but something tells me that she has been hurt before.  She acts like dating is nothing to her but I see past that. I know that it took her some guts to actually agree on a date with Jake. Hopefully Jake turns out to be a good guy because if he hurts her I might just have to kill him. Okay maybe I shouldn't talk like that with my background and all. I won't kill him but I'll hurt him. As we pull up to the club Jake jumps out and opens the door for Sophia. Okay so maybe he is not that bad afterwards. I on the other hand hop out the car with out waiting for Taylor. I don't want him to think this is some kind of date. We walk inside the club and every single men we pass by just stares at us. Some actually start to whistle and blow kisses. I'm starting to think that dying my hair this color wasn't such a good idea. I'm not use to this much attention it makes me feel uncomfortable. I have been around men before but they always treated me with respect I guess because they knew who my dad was. “What are they staring at?” I ask Sophia. They act like they have never seen a woman before. “How naive are you Jane? We look hot and they are staring at us because we are sexy as hell” she wraps her arms around Jake. I stay close to them as we look for a table I don't want to get lost. “We'll be back we are going to the bar” Jake says. “I love this song” Sophia yells over the music. The guys come back with 3 shots and a water bottle. “We know the guy at the bar” Jake winks as he puts down the shots. “Cheers” Sophia, Taylor, and I grab the shots while Jake grabs the water bottle. “Let's go dance” Sophia jumps from her seat and pulls on Jake's hand. “You guys go we'll watch you from here” Jake says. Sophia gives him a kiss on the cheek and grabs my hand. I follow her to the dance floor usually I would be to shy to dance in front of people but since I'm drunk I really don't care. I get so lost in the music that every one around me disappears. I was so into the music that I bump into some one. “I'm so sorry” I turn to apologize and see Mark standing there. “Mark!” I'm so happy to see him. I feel like I haven't seen him in days. I throw my hands around his neck and hug him. “I'm sorry do I know you?” he push me off. What does he mean does he know me? It kinds of sting being ask that I thought we were friends. “It's me Jane” I say. “Jane?” he stares at me from head to toe “you look different”. I forgot that I dye my hair red maybe that's why he didn't recognize me at first. “I know” I slurp. “Excuse me” a pity blond says from next to him. I didn't even notice she was there. “Oh I'm sorry,” Mark wraps an arm around her waist “Jane this is Ashley, Ashley this is Jane” he introduce us.  I hope she doesn't think nothing of what she just saw. Here I am all over her date. “Nice to meet you Lame” she gives me a stank smile. Did she just call me Lame? What's up with that? “It's Jane” I correct her maybe she herd it wrong. “What ever,” she gives me attitude. I croak my head to the side and stare at her. She turns to face Mark “Are you done?”. I guess she doesn't like me. Mark gives me a small smile “See you later”. Poor Mark I think I just got him trouble with his date. “Come on Lame” Sophia pulls me and I laugh. “What a bitch huh” I say. I dismiss the little meeting I just had with Mark and Ashley and continue to dance. We danced until our feet gave up on us. “I can't dance no more I need a break” I pull Sophia. I know that if it was up to her she would keep dancing all night. When we got to our table Jake and Taylor are waiting for us with another round of shots. “Good boy” Sophia smiles at Jake when she takes her shot. “Do I get a Scooby snack?” he leans. Sophia leans in and gives him a kiss. “How about me?” Taylor leans in and I push him away “I don't think so Shaggy”. I have to give it to him he doesn't give up. I need to go to the bathroom and throw some water in my face. I'm feeling hot. “Where are you going?” Sophia ask as I stand up. “Bathroom want to come?” I ask. “No” she wraps her arms around Jake. I shake my head and walk to the bathroom. My hair is so wild from all the dancing. I throw some cold water on my face and on my hair. As I stare in the mirror I see two of me looking back. I think I have had enough to drink because I'm seeing double of everything. No more shots for me. Once I balance myself I make my way back to the table. “How about a dance?” this guy jumps in my way. “No thank you” I kindly say as I try to walk around him. He grabs my hand “Come on just one” I can smell beer on his breath. I swear people here don't understand the meaning of walking away. “I believe the lady says no” a voice behind me says. My hearts stops beating when I hear that. I have a sense of deja vu I slowly turn around hoping to see Gabe. Instead of Gabe standing there it's just Mark. I have to hide how disappointment I feel. “I'm sorry I don't want any problems” the man let's go of my hand. So I guess instead of caring mase around I should be carrying a man in my purse. Since that is the only way I can keep weirdos away. “Thanks Mark” I smile. “Any time” he walks away.
                                     Chapter 14
     Once I get to the table I start to feel a little lightheaded. I think it's time for me to go. “Sofy” I pull her closer “I think we should leave”. She looks at me “Oh please Jane a little longer”. I really don't think I can last any longer but I just nod and take a sit. It seems like everything around me is spinning. I hold on to the table to keep me from falling. I need to get out of here. I feel like I can blackout any minute. I can't ask Sophia to leave she is having fun and I can't call a cab because I don't have no cash on me. Why did I listen to Sophia and leave my purse behind? I don't even know how we got here so it's not like I can walk and even if I knew there is no way I can walk right now. There is only one way I can get home and if I was sober I would never call but since I'm not I will. Desperate times calls for drastic measures. I reach for Sophia's phone and copy down the number I need. I put her phone back and stand up “Where are you going?” she ask. “I'll be back” I walk away. Once I reach the bathroom I make my call. “Gabriel Smith” he answer all professional. Just the sound of his voice makes my knees weak. “Really?” I laugh “that's how you answer your phone all James Bondish?”. Who answers there phone like that? “Jane?” he guessed. “Carter, Jane Carter” I mock him. I couldn't help it. “Are you okay? You sound weird?” he ask and that reminds me why I called in the first place. “About that,” I play around with my chain. How can I get nervous just talking to him over the phone? “I'm sort of drunk and I was wondering if you could come and get me?” I close my eyes hoping he says yes. “Sort of?” he lets out a small laugh “Is Sophia with you? Who is driving? How did ya even buy drinks?”. Here we go with all this damn questions. It can never be a simple answer with him. “Oh god can you stop being such an ask-hole,” I roll my eyes out of frustrated. “You know what I shouldn't of called you in the first place forget I ever dial” I hang up. What was I thinking calling him? I wasn't thinking. I should of known better. I guess I just have to stay here and hope Sophia will want to go home soon. Right before I start to walk my phone vibrates. I look down and see Gabe's number. I know I shouldn't answer but I do any ways. “What?” I answer with an attitude. “Don't hang up,” Gabe commands “where are you?” he ask in his serious tone. I can just picture him arching his eyebrow waiting for my answer. “Gabriel I said forget-” I shake my head as if he can see me. “Where are you Jane?” he interrupts me. I can just hang up on him again but I know that if I do he will just keep calling and if I don't answer he might call Sophia. “I don't know the address but the club is called The Boom” I finally say. “I know where it is. I'll be there in 10 minutes don't move” he hangs up before I can even get another word in. I throw my head back this is a bad idea every fiber in my body is telling me. It so hot in here that the back of my hair is sticking to my neck I need to go outside and get some fresh air. I slowly start walking my way outside to get some air. As soon as I step a foot outside the night breeze hits my face it feels like heaven. I walk to the side of the building to wait for Gabe. I don't want Sophia to see him here. I lean back on the wall trying to keep my balance. A few seconds later I see Mark and Ashley leaving the club. Damn I don't want them to see me I quickly turn around to hide my face. Please don't let them see me. “Jane is that you?” I hear Mark. I forgot that I have red hair now and can be spotted a mile away. I slowly turn around to face him. “Do you need a ride?” he ask as Ashley roll her eyes. What's her problem? I'm getting sick of her attitude. “No thank you I'm waiting for my ride” I smile. Where the hell is Gabe? Hasn't it been more than 10 minutes? “I can wait with you if you like” he kindly offers. Ashley is huffing and puffing like she is the big bad wolf. Poor Mark he deserve so much better than her. He is to nice of guy to be stuck with some one so swallow as Ashley. Just when I'm about to open my mouth to refuse his offer I spot Gabriel's black BMW pull up behind Mark. I'm so happy to see him that I can't stop my smile. “That won't be necessary my ride just got here” I point to Gabe. I push myself up and try walking as steady as possible. Which turns out to be very very hard with this heels and my wobbling legs. I give Mark a smile as I walk away but I trip over Ashley's foot. I brace myself for the fall but I never hit the floor. I open my eyes and see that Mark's arms are around me. Thank god for his cat reflects he caught me before I made a fool out of myself. “What the fuck Ashley?” he gives her an evil eye as he helps me back up. That is exactly what I want to know. “Excuse me Mark” that voice makes my hairs stand up “Have you seen my sister or her friend Jane?” Gabriel ask. Oh god please take me now. I shyly lift my head up as I fix my dress. I don't want to flash anybody. I push my hair out of my face “Hi”. Why do I keep embarrassing myself in front of him? It's like if that is my life purpose or something. “Jane?” he looks surprise as he takes the mess that I am. “Lava girl in the flesh” I smile and I notice that Mark's is still holding me. “Seriously?” Ashley ask and we all turn towards her. “What do you guys see in her? She looks like a female version of Chucky with that nasty red hair”. What did she just say about me? Is one thing for Gabe to make fun of me but for this bitch to make fun of me is a different story. She has been giving me attitude and throwing death stares all fucking night. I had have enough of her she just push my last button. “I'll show you Chucky” I removes Mark's arm and throw myself at her but at the same time Gabe wraps his arms around my waist. I try shoving his arms off me but he just tightens his hold on me. “Wow there Rambo” he whisper into my ear. My body instantly relax and my legs go numb. I don't know if it's a reaction to the alcohol or to having him so close. “I'm so sorry” Mark apologizes. I'm so mad right now that I'm trying to come up with a way to get my hands on Ashley. Ashley gives me a what-are-you-going-to-do stare. This bitch must not now that I can rearrange her face in matter of seconds. Mark grabs her arm and drags her away. Gabriel spins us around and walks me to his car. “If I let you go do you promise not to run after that girl?” he ask. His breath on my skin makes me shiver. I want to say no just so he can hold me but instead I just nod my head. He lets go of me and reaches for his car door. I feel something in my chest flip when he opens the door for me. He extend his hand and I take it. Once I was sitting down he reach over my lap to buckle me up. He brushes my arm with his causing my body to react to him. His face is only a few inches away from mine. I'm so close to him that I can see his five o' clock shadow. It makes him look older than what he is. The car fills up with his cologne and I can't resist I close my eyes and lean in to smell him. He smells like coffee mix with axel. He smells so good. He clears his throat and I open my eyes. I didn't know I was this close to him. If I lean in anymore I'll be kissing his neck. I quickly pull back and avoid his stare. I notice that he is having trouble buckling me in and I laugh maybe my body isn't the only one that reacts when he is around. “I'm going to go get Sophia stay here” he pulls back. Shit I can't let him go in there. I grab his hand and just that simple contact sends a shiver down my spine “Please don't she will be so mad at me. She don't even know I called you” I say as my hand vibrates from his touch. Seriously I need to get my shit together and fast. “How is she going to get home?” he arched his eyebrow and I melt. I never notice how sexy he looks when doing that. “Her friend isn't drinking please” I squeeze his hand. He stares at my eyes as he is trying to make a decision. His stare is making me want to wiggle in my seat but I don't want to break this moment. “Fine under one condition,” he says. I nod for him to continue “I can stay and wait with you until she comes home”. He stares at me waiting for my answer. I bite down on my lip I don't know if being alone with him is such a good idea but I don't have a choice. “Deal” I smile and he just stares at me. Why is he still stating at me? “What's wrong?” I finally ask. Do I have something on my face? “I can't move,” he says. “Why? What's wrong?” I look him over to make sure he is okay. He seems fine really fine. “You're still holding my hand” he smiles. I blush and immediately release his hand. I didn't even know I was still holding it. “I'm sorry” I whisper. He laughs and walks over to his side of the car. I can still feel his warm hand on mine. “So what exactly is an ask-hole?” he ask. I bust out in laughter. That is not even a real word I just came up with it. “An ask-hole is some one that ask to many questions just like you”. I laugh as he stares at me. “So how do you get to know some one if you don't ask questions?” he ask. He has a point in order to know some one you have to ask questions. “Your right I'm just not use to being ask so many questions” I lick my lips. For some reason they feel really dry. “So how do you get to know people?” he ask. I shrug my shoulders “I don't”. I hope he doesn't ask me for more details because I'm not giving them to him. “So I guess it's safe to say you weren't voted prom queen” he jokes. “Nope I didn't even go to school I was home school hell I have never been to a mall until today” I let out a small pathetic laugh. “What? Are you serious?” he looks shock. I lift up my right hand “So serious”.
“I have herd of strict parents but that is a little extreme” he says. “You have no idea,” I play with my chain “You know I couldn't even pick the person I wanted to date?” I know that I shouldn't be confessing to him but I feel the need to get this off my chest. I'm tired of holding everything in I need some one to talk to. “Not that I want to date anyone but still that should be my decision don't you think?” I turn to look at him. “I agree” he nods. “Thank you” I smile. Finally some one agrees with me. Just thinking about my father gets me sad I feel tears building up but I won't cry. I refuse to be that drunk girl who cries. “So that's what you are running from” he says it as a statement not a question. I just shrug because I'm afraid that if I try speaking I will cry. He parks the car and walks over to open my door I didn't even realize we were moving. I try to unbuckle myself but the stupid seat belt don't want to work. I let out a small breath of frustration. “I got it” he leans in and unbuckles me. I fight the urge to lean in and smell him again. I try to stand up but my legs feel double their weight. When did I get so heavy? I need to start running again. I hear Gabe chuckle and I lift my head to look at him. What so funny? He better not be laughing at me. “I got you too” he leans in and cradles me. I should be worry about some one seeing my panties but I really don't care right now. All I care is that I'm in Gabe's arms. I rest my head on the croak of his neck and smell him in. God he smells good. This might sound weird but having him around actually makes me feel better. “You smell so good” the worlds leave my mouth before I can even stop them. I feel his chest moving as he laughs “Thanks”. I'm definitely going to regret this tomorrow. “Do you have keys?” he ask as we climb up the stairs. “Yea they are inside my bra” I nod. He looks down “I don't suppose you want me to dig in there” he smirks. I shake my head and search for the key. I'm not that drunk. “I'm going to put you down now so you can open the door” he says. I tighten my grip on him “No I can open it from here” I press my face into his neck. I don't want him to leave me. He bends his knees so I can open the door. As we walk pass it I can't help but imagining us as a married couple. Wouldn't that be a mess me and him together. “What's so funny?” he ask as I giggle. “This is how married people walk into their house” I joke. He laughs “I don't know I haven't gotten marry”. He kick close the door and walks through the house. I can't keep my eyes open they feel heavy. He walks into my room and lays me down. When he goes to pull away I tighten my hold on him “Don't leave”. I really don't want to be alone right now. I need some one to stay with me. “I'm not remember I'm going to be in the living room” he smiles. That's not good enough for me I don't want to be alone in this room. “Stay here” I still have my arms wrap around him. “I don't think that's a good idea you're drunk” he stares at me. “So what?” I ask. I know that I'm drunk but I also know what I want. I just want to sleep with him it's not like I want to have sex with him or anything. “I promise I won't rape you” I lift up my hand and lay on my heart. “As if you can rape any one under the condition you are in” he laughs. “You're right I can't so get your ass in bed” I command. I let go of him and move to make some room for him. Where is he going? Why is he walking away from me? I  guess I wasn't as convincing as I thought. All of sudden he stops by my drawers and pulls one open. Why is he going through my stuff? “Pervert” I say out loud. He walks back laughing “You wish”. He throws me a shirt and some pajamas pants “If you want me to sleep with you change into this” he walks out the room. I feel butterflies in my stomach just thinking of sleeping in the same bed as him. I quickly remove my dress and the shirt. The shirt fits me so big that it goes pass my knees. There is no way I'm putting on pants it's to hot. Gabriel walks back in with a glass of water and two pills “Drink this and where are your pants?”. He looks around for them. “On the floor I refuse to put them on it's too hot” I sit up and take the water. My mouth feels dry like a desert. He takes a step closer to me and pulls my hair out of the shirt. The back of his fingers brush against my neck and I feel my nipples go hard. Oh god. “I like your hair this color it makes you look different” he play around with a curl. “Like Ronald?” I wiggle my eyebrows. He chuckles “No you don't look that good”. There goes the Gabe I know. I push him but I end up falling on the bed “Jerk”. He stands above me just staring at me. I bite down on my lip and stare at him back. He is one sexy as man. I take in the way his leather jacket fits him. He got the whole John Travolita look from when he started in Grease as Danny Zuko. I wonder if that would make me Sandy? “You can lay down with me the bed is big enough for the both of us” I pat the spot next to me. He takes off his leather jacket. I kind of wish he slept with that on. He takes his shoes off and then he jumps in bed. I giggle like a school girl when the bed bounce. “What's funny” he brings his arms to the back of his head. He looks so sexy like that it would be better if he didn't have his shirt on. Wow where are this thoughts coming from? “I went from hating you to sleeping in a bed with you” I say. “You hated me?” he ask like if he didn't hate me himself. I turn my face to look at him “A little but I actually like you now” I smile. He smirks “You like me?”. He don't know how much I really like him. “Yeah you aren't that bad don't get me wrong you're still an asshole but not a full one,” I turn my body to the side “maybe half of one”. He smiles and I feel warm inside “If you keep talking to me like that I might just fall for you”. I throw my head back as I laugh. “You have a nice laugh you should laugh more often” he tucks a strand of my hair behind my ear. I close my eyes as I lean into his hand. “I really don't have a lot to laugh about” I say without looking at him. “Well then I take that as a challenge” he answers. I open my eyes and stare at him “What?”. I don't know what he is talking about. “From now on I'll make it my life mission to make you laugh or smile everyday” and on cue I smile. That is the nicest thing any one has said to me. “Well that was easy” he smiles. I really love his smile. He doesn't smile as often either.  “You got a nice smile too” I complement him. “That's my line get your own” he grins. I was not saying a line I was just saying the truth. But if he wants a line I'll give it to him. “Your eyes are amazing” I say. I could tell him how much I love his eyes and how they haunt me every night but I don't. “Lame you already use that line come on you can do better than that” he mocks. I don't remember saying that to him. I have thought about it a millions of time but I never said it to him or did I? Is he challenging me? Challenge accepted. I lean in closer to really look at his eyes “You know what I feel when I look into your eyes?” I ask and he nods “It's like a breath of fresh air”. I don't know where that come from? “What else?” he turns to his side to face me. “I can tell a lot about you by staring into your eyes” I say. “Really like what?” he licks his lips and I swear I almost pass out. “I can see that you are intelligent, passionate, full of life, mysterious, and you like to take risks” I lick my lips mimicking him. My hands twitch begging me to touch his face. He is just so gorgeous. “Do you want to know what I see when I look into your amber eyes?” he ask. I nod because I can't seem to talk. “I see that you are independent, confident, stubborn, spontaneous, brave, but I also see sadness, pain, and fear”. I feel like he just looked into my soul. How can he see all of that by just staring into my eyes? I'm so good at hiding things but with Gabe it seems like he can see pass the mask I put on and I don't like it at all. He twist a curl around his fingers “I liked you with your dark hair but I like this red it brings out a more sensual part of you” he says. Did he just say he liked me with my hair dark? When was this and most importantly where the hell was I? I want to ask him but I decided not to. “I'm glad you approve” I smile. I can't hold back any more I need to touch him. I run my hands through his hair and to my surprise it feel soft like silk “I been dying to do this” I confess. He laughs as I rub his hair like a little kid. “I like hearing you laughs it's so rare but when you do it it's magical” I say out loud but it was meant for me only. “You're good” he smiles and I see a dimple forming on his right cheek. I wink “Is it working? Are you madly in love with me yet?”. I know he is just playing around but I can't help but to play along with him. In a matter of seconds he rolls on top of me. He is so close to my face that our nose are touching. I'm trying so hard to control my breathing. “Almost there,” he caress my cheek with his thumb “There is something I been dying to do myself” his breath tickles my lips. My heart is beating so fast I am afraid that it's going to pop out and hit him in the face. My stomach feels like I have a washing machine inside. Oh god please don't let it be throw up that's all I ask. He shift his body weight as he lowers him self. This is it the moment I have been waiting for since I laid eyes on him. I look into his eyes and I see lust in his eyes. I look down to his lips and then back to his eyes. What is he waiting for? Just when he finally leans in to close the distant Sophia's voice fills the room. “Jane are you home?”.
                                         Chapter 15
     “You stay here and go to sleep” he gets off. I try so hard not to wimp as he leaves. We were so close just a few inches away all he needed was a small push. Why did Sophia have to come home exactly at this moment? “I have to let Sophia know that I'm okay” I try to get up but it seems like gravity has increase my weight. “I'll let her know now you stay here and sleep” he tucks me in. I take my last sniff of him. He leans in maybe he is still going to kiss me. Instead of kissing my on the lips he gives me a kiss on my forehead “Good night”. Really a kiss on the forehead? Like if I was some little girl. I can't keep my eyes open but I hear him leave the room. “What are you doing here?” I hear Sophia. “What the fuck Sophia...” I don't get to hear the rest of the conversation because he closes the door. Sophia is going to be so mad at me because I called him but I had no other choice. I need to stop them from fighting if she wants to be mad at someone it should be me. I take off my sheets and try to stand up but fall right back down. Everything is spinning. Come on Jane get it together. I stand up one more time and hold on to what ever was close to me. I made my way to the door leaning on the wall. “I'm not going through this again Sophia” I hear Gabe yells at her. I walk out and see that Sophia's eyes are red. What the hell is going on why is he yelling at her? “You got nothing to say?” he ask and she flinch. That's enough. “Hey stop!” I yell at him. Sophia eyes meet mine and Gabe turns around to look at me. He is clenching his jaw just staring at me. “Damn you look bad” Sophia says. “I thought I told you to stay in bed” Gabe walks towards me. He helps me walk to the sofa the only reason I let him help me it's because I can't even walk right now but I'm mad at him. “Why are you guys fighting?” I roll my eyes at Gabe and turn to Sophia. She looks at Gabe and then back at me “You know how annoying Gabe can be”. I look over to Gabe who is just staring at Sophia with evil eyes. There has to be a reason why he is so livid. “Gabe?” I ask hoping he will tell me the truth. He turns to face me “Yeah” he nods but I can see in his eyes that there is more to the story. I let it go only because I don't have the energy to keep going. “You really should go to bed” Sophia says. I rest my head on the back of the sofa “Promise me you guys will stop fighting” I say. “Promise” Sophia agrees. I look over to Gabe and he just stares at me I lift one of my eyebrow and wait for him to speak “Fine no more fighting” he throws his hands up in the air and I laugh. I try getting up but I don't even move. “I need help to get up” I inform them. “I got you” Gabe puts my arm around his neck and lifts me up. “Slow down not so fast” I pout. He is moving to fast it feels like we are running. “We haven't even moved yet” Gabe laughs. I feel my stomach turning and for some reason I have extra saliva. I open my mouth to talk but instead I throw up. I'm throwing up all the shots that I took today and the same way they burn going down they burn coming up. Thank god I didn't have anything to eat. Great I can add another embarrassing moment to my list. “Wow” he pulls my hair away from my face and massages my back. The massage  actually comfits me. I hear some one gagging from behind me. Great now I disgust him way to go. I hate throwing up. I don't want to throw up no more please god help me. I promise never to drink again if you stop me from throwing up. I wipe my mouth with the back of my hand.  “Sophia look away” he yells. “I think I'm going to be sick” she gags. I'm so happy that it's Sophia gagging and not Gabe. I can't stop myself from laughing at Sophia. “That's not funny Jane,” she moves away from me “I have a weak stomach”. I feel something cold press to my stomach. I look down to my shirt and is cover with throw up “I need a shower”. I probably smell bad. “Jane you can't even stand up by yourself and Sophia is no better how are you going to shower?” he ask. I refuse to go to bed with throw up on me. I'll find a way to shower myself if that's the last thing I do. “Just take me please” I say with out looking at him. I can't even face him right now. He walks me to the bathroom and sits me on the toilet. I rest my head on the wall as he turns on the water. “Okay I'm going to leave you alone now” he walks away. I need help taking off my cloths I'm not going to be able to do it myself. I can't even sit with out falling. I grab his hand “Help me with my shirt”. I grab his shirt to stand up and he holds me by my waist “Um are you sure about this?” he ask all worry. Is he afraid that I'm going to get his shirt dirty or something? I turn around to give him my back and lift up my arms up in the air. “Yea” I mumble. I feel his hands on the rim of my shirt. He slowly starts to raise it being careful not to touch me. My skin brakes into goosebumps just feeling his body heat. I wonder what is he thinking right now? I wonder if he has his eyes close or open? Just thinking of him looking at me makes me blush. “Don't look you pervert” I tease and he lets out a force laugh. He takes my shirt off and I'm standing in front of him with only my panties. I cover my boobs with my arm and look back at him as I walk to the the shower. He stares at me and I see his Adam's apple move as he swallows. I wink at him and step in the shower closing the curtains. I don't know what has gotten into me because I had never done some thing so daring before in my life. There is no way I'm going to be able to stand and clean my self. I take off my panties and sit down to let the water hit me. I bring my knees to my chest and close my eyes. “Jane,” Gabe walks in a few minutes later “you have been in here for a while it's time to get out I got your towel”. He opens the curtains and turns off the water. I stand up and he his pupils goes wide. “What?” I ask. He snaps out of his daze “Nothing”. He closes his eyes and hands the towel to me. I wrap it around me and walk to my room. “I-I'm cold” I shiver as I sit on the bed. He grabs the same pajamas pants and walks towards me. He kneels down in front of me his eyes never leaving mine. He slowly slide them up as his hands brushes my legs. My body shivers but this time it's not because it's cold. He grabs a shirt and puts it over my head. “Drop the towel” he says. I let go of the towel he pulls it from underneath me and fixes my shirt. “Throw your head to the front slowly” he adds as he reach for the towel. I throw my head to the front and he towel drys it. No one has ever dressed me or dry my hair before. I don't know what to feel for him no more. Part of me wants nothing to do with him but the other part of me wants all of him. “All dry” he helps me lay down. “Thank you” I give him a kiss on the cheek. He smiles and tucks me in “You're welcome”. Once he leaves I  instantly fall asleep. 
                                     Chapter 16
My head is killing me it feels like some one is stabbing my skull over and over again. I open my eyes and the sun light coming through the window burns them. I can understand why vampires hate the day time so much. I'm never drinking again what the hell was I thinking drinking so much?  Why does my mouth taste like that? Did I throw up last night? I roll out of bed to brush my mouth because it's killing me. “Oh my god” I yell as I look in the mirror. My hair is all over the place it looks like some one scare the curls out of me. I tied my hair up in to a loose bun. “Morning” Sophia greets me as I walk in the kitchen. She looks like some one ran her over twice to make sure she wasn't going anywhere. “What happen to the good?” I walk to the coffee maker. “If you are feeling the same way as me then you aren't having a good morning” she says. She is so right this morning sucks. “Touche” I pour out some coffee. Coffee makes everything much better. We walk to the living room and snuggle up on the sofa. “You know,” Sophia says and I look at her “I was surprise to find Gabe here yesterday”. Gabe was here yesterday? That's weird I don't remember seeing him. 
“What was he doing here?” I sniff my coffee. It smells so good I can't help but to close my eyes. “I don't know he was here with you” she says. I look at her like she has gone crazy. What does she mean he was here with me? Didn't I come home with her? Matter of fact how did I get home? I don't remember and then everything from last night comes rushing back. “Oh-my-god!” I throw my head back. What the hell did I do last night! “Shh not so loud Jane” she hush me. “Oh my god” I whisper again as I put my coffee down. “Yea it was pretty bad and then you threw up on him that was funny” she laughs. Oh god that's why my mouth tasted like that. I threw up on Gabe yesterday. “That's so embarrassing” I say into my hands. How am I going to look at his face again? “Don't worry he has seen worst trust me” she says trying to make me feel better but it isn't helping at all. Oh god he saw me naked! I don't know which one is more humiliating throwing up in front of him or him seeing me in my birthday suite. Thankfully I have time to come up with a plan to avoid him for the rest of my life. Maybe I can move again and start all over. No I don't want to leave here this is my home. There is a loud knock on the door that makes my head vibrate. Who the hell is knocking like that? “Oh my head!” Sophia gets up to open the door. “Good morning sunshine” Gabe walks in with his a vibrant smile. Oh god I can't see him right now. It's to late for me to run to my room. I throw a pillow over my face hopefully he doesn't see me. “Hey Jane” he pulls the pillow off me. Some one kill me now please. “Hi” I blush. “Can you turn it down a notch” Sophia grabs her head. He laughs and even tho my head is killing me I still love to hear his laughs. “Oh I'm sorry I didn't realize I was being so loud” he gives her an evil smirk. “I hate you so much right now” she throws a pillow at him. “How about you?” he turns to me “How are you feeling?”. Like I want the ground to suck me up so I don't have to be having this conversation with you right now. “Like shit” I mumble. “I bet after you went all exorcists on me last night” he is never going to let me hear the end of this. “I'm so sorry” I feel my cheeks heating up from embarrassment. I hope he doesn't bring up what happen last night in front of Sophia. I'm already mortified enough. “Why did you leave without telling us? Taylor was looking for you like crazy” Sophia ask. I start playing with my chain “I wasn't feeling good and I didn't want to ruin your night”. Gabe looks at me and then at Sophia. “Who is this girl Taylor?” Gabe ask Sophia. I laugh and he looks at me “What's funny?” he ask. “Taylor isn't a girl” I say as I lay back down again. “Oh she isn't? So who is Taylor?” he arch his eyebrow at Sophia. “We went out with our friends Jake and Taylor” Sophia says giving me an evil look. Was I not suppose to say we were out with guys friends? Gabe stiffens up “So let me get this straight ya were on a double date and they got ya drunk?” he ask. “No,” I shake my head “it wasn't a double date”. I don't know why I feel the need to clear that up instead of them getting us drunk part. “And no they didn't get us drunk we started to drink here” Sophia adds. “Last time I check the age for drink was 21 and you two are 20” he stare at us with disapproval. Why does he always have to sound like an old man? “Oh come on Gabe we aren't the only 20 years old that get drunk you act like you didn't do it when you was our age” Sophia rolls her eyes at him. “That's not the point Sophia” he scowls at her. I really can't handle them fighting right now my head is killing me all I want to do is chop it off. “I'm never drinking again” I blurt out trying to stop them from fighting. “That's what they all say” Sophia laughs. Gabe looks at me “If you don't want to drink then don't and you,” he turns to Sophia “should stop drinking too”. Can he just let it go for now? “Yes sir yes” Sophia salutes him and I giggle. My stomach feels upset, my head is killing me, and my skin feels so hot I think I can cook an egg on it. “I'm dying some one call the ambulance” I slide down the sofa onto the ground. “Alright you two hit the shower and I'll go buy some soup” he gives us a smile before leaving.
                                   ***************
     “So who are these new friends of yours?” Gabe ask Sophia as we are eating. “Like I said before their names are Jake and Taylor and we met them when Jane went room shopping” she smiles. Gabe looks at me and I look down to my soup great now he is going to think I was the master mind of this plan. “So how old are they?” he ask. “You worry to much” I blurt out. He looks at me and I can tell he is annoyed “I'm sorry if I worry to much about my baby sister” he says. Ouch that stung I feel like I just got smack in the face. I didn't mean anything from it. “You know what maybe I should go” he gets up. I don't want him to leave. “Sit down Gabe stop being such a baby” Sophia pulls his back down. “Sorry” I apologize. I feel like a douchbag after everything he did for me yesterday. He has all the right to worry about his sister. I start playing with my soup all of a sudden I lost my appetite. “No I'm sorry I'm just trying to keep yo-,” he looks at me and then back at Sophia “her safe”. Of course that makes sense that's what brothers do. “I should really go I need to catch up on some work” he gives Sophia a kiss on her forehead and then smiles at me “Bye”. I give him a fake smile “Thanks for everything and I'm sorry it won't happen again”. I will make sure that if I ever get drunk again I'll never call him again. He nods “See you two later stay out of trouble” he points at Sophia. I feel like such an idiot why did I even called him in the first place? He has no responsibility with me. Heck we aren't even friends. “You okay?” Sophia ask. “Yeah just tired” I lie. “Yeah me too maybe we should get some rest” she gets up and walks to her room as do I. I lay down on my bed but can't manage to fall asleep so I take out my phone and call Sammy. 
“Hello” she answers on the second ring.
“Hey Sam” I smile just hearing her voice. God I miss her face.
“Prima what's wrong?” she ask “You sound weird”. Maybe because I have a hangover but deep down I know it's not that.
“I'm fine how are you? How is everything?” I change the subject.
“Well tio is doing better he still has his down days but at least he is trying” at least one good news today. It makes me feel better to know that my father is feeling better even if it's just a little.
“Good keep an eye on him for me” I cover my self with my sheet as I snuggle in bed.
“I will but guess what?” she sounds excited.
“What?” I can imagine her with her goofy smile.
“I'm dating!” she shouts.
“Shut up who?” I'm so excited for her. I wonder who she is dating it's not like they let guys around us. 
“I don't want to say just yet because I don't want to jinks it but if it works out then you'll be the first to know who he is” she says. I'm so glad that she is happy she deserves all the happiness in the world.
“Promise, I need a favor” I play with my chain.
“Promise and what's up?” she ask.
“Is there any way that you can get me Nina's number?” I cross my fingers. I need to talk to Nina I need her right now. 
“Jane are you crazy? You know how dangerous that can be? If some one finds out?” she ask.
I know she is right but it's worth it. “Can you at least tell her that I miss her?”.
“Of course I can” she reply.
“Thanks I have to go love you and take care” I hang up before she says goodbye. It's better if I say bye to her first than her to me. I let out a yawn. I feel tired and my head still hurts maybe I should take a little nap. I turn on the T.V and snuggle with my pillow.  
                                   Chapter 17
I can't believe I've slept the whole day yesterday. I woke up today feeling like a brand new person. I should shower before Sophia does because she takes for ever in there and we both have to work today. After I showered and got ready for work I went into the kitchen to make some coffee. “I can't believe we slept all day yesterday” she emerges from her room looking like a new person her self. “I know I haven't slept that much since I was a baby I think” I hand her a cup of coffee. “Thanks lets go I actually feel like working today” she smiles. “What did you just say I think I herd wrong” I reach to check her head to make sure she doesn't have a fever. “Ha ha let's go before we end up stuck in traffic” she shoves my hand away. “When are we doing it again?” Sophia ask as we get in her car. “Are you serious?” I look over to her. We just recovering from last time and she wants to know when we are doing it again. She gives me her evil grin “Come on Jane don't tell me you didn't have fun”. I can't lie I did have fun well expect for the whole hangover the next day. I smile at her “Yeah I had fun fine we can do it again but no drinking for me this time” I add. “We'll see about that” she drives off. “Hey girls” Mark greets us as we enter the shop. “Hey Mark” we both say at the same time. I avoid looking at his face. I'm so embarrass the way I acted when I saw him in the club. “I bet you were like the living dead yesterday” he walks over to me. “You have no idea” I walk to clock in. He looks like he wants to say something to me but can't find a way to say it. “I want to apologize for Ashley” he rubs the back of his neck. Poor Mark he shouldn't be apologizing for that crazy bitch. “She was nice,” I say sarcastically “I want to thank you for everything you did for me that night”. I'm so thankful that he step in when he did with the guy and I'm also thankful that he waited with me outside the club. He really is a good friend. “What are friends for” he smiles. “As the good friend that I am I would like to give you an advice” I say. I know that I shouldn't say nothing but I can't help myself he is my friend after all and I want nothing but the best for him. “Okay” he nods for me to continue. “You deserve so much better than Ashley you're to much of a nice guy to be with some one like her” I say. Hopefully he doesn't take it the wrong way. He gives me a smile and nods “I didn't know she was such a bitch and I'm sorry for the way she acted”. He doesn't need to apologize he did nothing wrong. “I don't accept your apologizes because you didn't do nothing wrong” I smile at him. “You're a sweetheart” he says. “Well if you excuse me I have to get to work before my boss comes out” I joke. “I herd he is a jerk” he plays along. “I herd he is like that because he has a bitchy girlfriend but don't tell no one I said this” I whisper. He close his mouth and pretend to lock it “I won't maybe he should get rid of her”. I shrug “Maybe” and I walk away. “What was that all about?” Sophia ask. “What?” I open my lane. “You and Mark” she arch her eyebrow. “What about us?” where is she going with this? “I think Mark likes you the question here is if you like him?” she stares. What does she mean Mark likes me I like him too that's why we are friends. “I like him as a friend and beside he has a girlfriend little Miss. Goldie bitch remember?” I say. Sophia laughs “Oh my guy that my friend was classic” she wipes the tears falling from her laughing so hard “but I insist Mark like you”. The door opens and costumers start walking in. I look at the clock and it's rush hour already. “Let the party begin” Sophia says. I don't know why they call it rush hour they should call it crazy people hour. Everyone is in such a hurry to get out that they don't have time to sit down and enjoy their meal. “I'm taking my break now” I inform Maggie. It has been so busy that I haven't taken my break yet. I buy myself a small blueberry muffin with a frappe. I got to admit we have the best muffins in the world. I'm sort of addicted to them. I walk over to an empty table and rest my feet on the chair they are killing me. No matter how long I have been working here my feet don't get use to standing. “Is this sit taken?” I lift my head to find Gabe standing in front of me looking sexier than ever. His hair looks messy like if he has just gotten out of bed. He is wearing a black shirt with jeans. No leather jacket how upsetting. I really don't want to spend my 30 minutes of peace with him. He pulls out a chair “You took to long to answer” he sits across from me. I take a sip of my frappe and start pealing my muffin ignoring him. I'm still mad about the way he talked to me yesterday. “So” he says as he looks around. “So” I give him an attitude. I know that we were trying to build a friendship but I think it's better for us if we don't. The other night when he was being so nice to me made me realize that my heart is danger. I know that the outcome of what ever this is won't be good. “I know why you are mad” he says. “You do?” I ask surprise. I don't even know why I'm mad at him. “Yeah because I acted like a jerk again,” he licks his lips and I follow his tongue “I didn't mean to sound like an asshole I worry about Sophia and your safety”. Did I hear the last part right? He cares about me? “Why me?” I start playing with my chain. “Believe it or not you are growing on me” he reach for a piece of my muffin. “Hey” I slap his hand away “get your own muffin”. I'm not sharing my muffin with him I haven't eaten all day. He sits back and gives me a hurt expression “After everything we have been through the throw up, the nakedness, all our secrets and I still can't taste your muffin?”. I blush something tells me there is a second meaning behind his words. “Well that was easy” he gives me that perfect smile of his. His teeth are so white and perfect is there any thing wrong with him? Expect for the fact that he can be an ass some times I think he is perfect. “What?” I take a bite of my muffin to stop me from ogle him. “Making you smile” I stare at him with a blank expression and then remember his words from that night. I smile and shake my head. “Another smile damn I'm good I should start charging” he runs his hand through his hair. I can sit here all day and just look at him but I know I have to get back to work. What time is it anyways I look up to the clock “Oh shit I have to go back to work”. I have exactly 1 minute until my break is over. I can already hear Maggie barking at me. I drink the last of my frappe and stand up. “So are we good?” Gabe ask. “Yeah see you later” I say over my shoulder. No matter how much I want to stay away from him I can't it's like he has his own gravity that pulls me towards him. I walk to my register and open my lane “I can take the next person in line”. Gabe walks up with a smirk on his face. “Your going to get me fire” I laugh. “I just want to get something to eat” he puts his hands up like if he was surrendering. Even when he wants to act innocent he looks malicious. “May I take your order sir” I smile. He taps his fingers on his chin pretending to think what he wants “I would like your muffin with a small cup of coffee” he winks. I bite down on my lip trying to hold in my laughter and shake my head. “What?” he ask all innocent. “Nothing your total is $4.50” he hands me a 5 dollar bill and as our fingers brush I feel a electric shock. “Ouch” I remove my hand. What the hell was that? “Sorry” he smiles. I hand him his change and his order trying not to brush his hand I don't want to get shock again. “Thank you” he winks and leaves. He needs to stop winking at me because I can't handle that. He is so confusing one minute he is all nice and caring and the next minute he is so cold and distant. There is something wrong with that boy. “What did Gabe want?” Sophia ask as we ride back home. I swear she sees everything I can't hide nothing from her. “He was just apologizing” I avoid looking at her because she makes me nervous. “Again? That's weird” she sounds surprise. “What?” I tried to hide my curiosity. “The fact that he keeps apologizing that's not like him” she says. This is something I already know. Gabe isn't the type of guy to apologize for his actions. “Really?” I ask. “Yeah it's fun seeing him try so hard for you to like him even just a little bit” she stated. Is that what he is doing? He is trying to make me like him? Why? I thought he didn't like me. I play with my chain “I do like him”. She gasp “Like a boyfriend or like a friend who is a boy?”.
“Like a friend” I quickly add. Which is true I do like him as a boy who is my friend or do I like him as a boyfriend? “Oh,” she sounds disappointment “I'm sure that's what he wants”. Yeah that's what we both want.
                                  Chapter 18
     I'm so exhausted I been working all week with out a day off. “The real world sucks” I throw my self on to the sofa. “Tell me about it” Sophia lands right next to me. Her phone rings and she answers. “Hello” it's Gabe she mouth to me. “Oh no really?” she sounds concern. “What happen?” I quickly ask. I hope he isn't hurt. “How long is it going to take?” she ask. I tap her leg and ask her again with my hand what's going on. She puts up her finger indicating for me to hold on “You can stay here until it's fix”. I start to shake my leg waiting for her to inform me. “Yeah I don't think she'll mind” she turns to me and I shake me head. I don't know what she is talking about but I don't mind. “Just come over” she hangs up. “What happen? Is he okay?” I quickly ask. “Yeah he is fine a water pipe broke in his apartment and he has no where to go. I hope you don't mind if he stays here for a couple of days?” she ask. I shake my head “Of course not don't be silly he can stay as long as he has to it's fine with me,” I get up “I'm going to shower want to order something to eat?”. 
“Chinese?” she picks up her phone. “You know me so well” I walk away. Having Gabe stay with us is only going to confuse my feelings even more. I don't know if I hate him or if I don't hate him. Okay I'm lying I know that I don't hate him. Neither of us have brought up what happen that night or I should say what didn't happen. Some part of me is still sad that he didn't kiss me but the other side feels relief. I can't let myself fall for Gabe or anyone else because I don't know how long I am going to be here. I know that once my father finds out where I am he will come looking for me and I refuse to put Gabe or Sophia in danger. I'm surprise he hasn't found me yet. I hop out the shower and change into a white tank top and my pajamas. “I order already Gabe is going to pick it up on his way” Sophia informs me. “Kay” I snuggle on to the sofa and look for a movie. 20 minutes later there is a knock on the door. “I got it” I jump off the sofa like I was on fire. “Delivery” Gabe is standing there leaning against the door frame with one arm above his head and a bag of food in the other one. Where the hell is Ashley when I need her to trip me so I can fall right into his lips. I smile and grab the bag. “No tip?” he frowns. “Yeah next time don't be late” I turn around. “Well at least I got you to smile that's enough payment for me” he walks in with his backpack. “Soso I'm here” he calls out and Sophia walks out her room. “Hey Gabbie” she hugs him. “Soso? Gabbie?” I look at them and laugh. They both look at me “Shut up that's our nicknames for each other” Sophia sticks out her tongue. “Okay Soso let's eat,” I turn to Gabe “You can leave your bag in my room if you like Gabbie” I couldn't help myself. He chuckles “What have we done?” he shakes his head as he walks to my room. Sophia takes out 3 plates and I set the table up for us to eat. “So the fair is in town this weekend” Gabe says as he pour out some soda. “Really?” my face lights up. I have never been to a fair before but I don't say that out loud. “We should go we all have off this weekend” Sophia says. “Oh my god we should go it will be so fun” I jump with excitement. Gabe and Sophia are staring at me like I am crazy but I don't care I'm to excited. “I'm going to take a wild guess here,” Sophia takes a sip from Gabe's soda “I'm guessing you never been to a fair before”. There is no point in me lying to them. “Nope never” I feel embarrass in admitting that. “Are you like Amish or something?” she ask. “Or something” I take a sip of my soda trying to avoid this conversation. “So how about Saturday?” thank you Gabe for jumping in. “I can't wait” I feel like a 9 year old. After dinner we all go to the living room and watch some TV Sophia sits in between Gabe and me. “I'm off to bed” Sophia kisses Gabe on his cheek and gives me a hug. “Night Soso” she flicks me her middle finger. Gabe laughs “You aren't going to let me see the end of this one are you?”.
“I'm afraid not” I giggle. “If it makes you laugh then I'm up for a little tease” he takes off his shoes and puts his feet on top of the table. “Thank you for not teasing me about the fair” I play with my hands. “I know you had it ruff. You haven't told Sophia?” he turns to face me. I sink in to the sofa “She knows that my dad was strict but she doesn't know how bad it really was”. I really haven't gotten into much details about my father with any of them. The less they know about him the better for everyone. He runs his hand through his hair “Well that's over now I'm personality going to make sure you experience everything you want”. He is so sweet. I beam “Another job? How are you going to keep up with all of this?”. He really doesn't have to try so hard for me to like him. He smiles “You'll be surprise what I can do”. I have a feeling that has a second meaning. “Would you like a pillow or a blanket?” I change the subject. “That would be nice thank you” he smiles and I turn into a puddle of water. I walk to my room and grab a pillow and a blanket. “Here,” I throw them to him I don't want to get to close to him “I'm sorry if they smell like me”. I didn't have any clean sheet. He brings the sheet to his nose and inhales it “Mmm smells like some kind of fruity body wash”. Did he really just sniff them when I just told him that they smell like me? I glance at him “Your such a weirdo”. He chuckles “Can I get some thing out my bag?”. He doesn't have to ask to go get some thing from his bag but I appreciate the gesture. “Of course you can dummy” I say. We walk to the room and I sit on my bed while he walks into the closet. I inspect him as he bends down and looks through his bag. I take in the view of his wide shoulders and broad back as he moves. The way his muscles stretch every time he digs in. The way his shirt lifts up. Every time he leans in his black boxers appear. It's like they are playing pick-a-boo with me. His ass is round and perky I'm dying to bite it. Is it me or is it getting hot in here? I start fanning myself. “Pervert!” Gabe snaps and takes me by surprise. Oh shit how embarrassing I feel my cheeks burning. “What are you talking about?” I try to play it off. “I'm talking about you checking me out like if I'm some piece of meat” he walks towards me and it's getting harder for my to swallow. “See anything you like?” he steps closer and my breathing gets heavier. If he only knew I like everything I see. He leans down and I hold my breath “Do you?” he ask again. I stare at his eyes and then his lips he turns his head to the side and plants a soft kiss on my cheek. “Goodnight Muffin”. I push him away “Muffin?”. Since when do we have nick names for each other? “I got to admit I like the taste of your muffin” he wiggles his eyebrows. I throw a pillow at him “Night Gabbie”. He catch the pillow and right before he close the door he winks “Good night I hope you dream with little angles and then you can let me know how I look like with wings”. Before I can even throw anything else at him he close the door. I throw my head back into my pillow and smile from ear to ear. I don't know how I'm going to survive having him around. Just friends remember that's all I can give him. Or can I give him more? I'm driving myself crazy! I turn off the light and played some music hopefully I can fall asleep. I twist and turn for hours I glance at the clock and it's 2:45 am. Ugh maybe if I drink a warm glass of milk it will help me sleep. I open my door and walk to the kitchen in my tippy toes trying not to make noise. The last thing I need is to wake Gabe up. I pour some milk and heat it up in the microwave. When I was younger that always help me sleep at night. I stop it before it beeps I feel like I'm on a mission and have to deactivate the bomb before it blows every one up. As I walk back to my room I stop to check on Gabe to see if he needs anything. I know that I shouldn't but I can't help it. He is sleeping with out a shirt I finally get to see what he is working with. His chest is so firm and he has a 6 pack his lines are well form. God he is so sexy. He is exposing his fine hip bone that makes me want to remove the blanket to see it fully. I have never seen anything so beautiful in my life. I grab the blanket and cover him he must be cold. I stare at him one last time he looks so peaceful sleeping. He looks like a little boy his face expression is so soft. He looks so vulnerable. Before I knew what I was doing I brush his hair back. I lick my lips fighting the urge to lean in and kiss him I bet his lips are soft. As I pull my hand away he flinch. Oh fuck please don't wake up. “Shh” I chant like if he was a baby and I slowly make my escape. That was a close one. “Thank you” I hear Gabe say as I close my door. Shit he was up the whole time that asshole. I drink my milk and as soon as I hit the bed I knock out. I wake up to my annoying alarm clock at 6:00 am. I only got 3 hours of sleep so of course I have no energy to jump out of bed. Instead I roll out of bed landing on the floor. Ouch! I growl as I hit the floor. I have no energy to walk so I decide to crawl my way to the closet. I crawl with my eyes close I hear my door open. “What the hell are you doing?” Gabe ask. “Coffee” I whisper. “What?” he steps closer. “Coffee” I repeat. He laughs and walks away. After I shower and change I felt like a new me. “Well look who finally remember how to use their legs” Gabe hands me a cup of coffee. “Thank you funny boy” I bring the coffee up to my nose and inhale it in. There is something about the smell of coffee that relax me. I'm surprise he made my coffee just the way I take it. “How did you know how I like my coffee?” I ask. “I didn't I just made it the way I drink it” he raise his mug. Sophia walks in “Coffee is life right now”. Gabe hands her a black coffee “Well I'm off to work” he says. “Where is your work stuff?” Sophia ask. He gives her an evil eye “It's in the car”. I still don't know what he does for a living but I'm not even going to ask. “See you later Gabbie be careful” she smiles. “Always,” he turns to me “See you at lunch time Muffin” I smile and look away. “Muffin?” Sophia teased. I shake my head “Shut up it's a inside joke Soso” I use her nickname against her. “Fine I won't call you Muffin if you stop with the Soso” she says. I need to think about this I really enjoy calling her Soso but I refuse to let her call me muffin. “Deal” I shake her hand.
                                   Chapter 19
     “I can't wait for tomorrow” I say to Sophia after work. I have been waiting all week for Saturday. “You're such a little girl” Sophia mocks me but I don't care I can't hide my excitement to go to the fair. “So Jake call me” now she is the one that is beaming. “You're such a girl” I mock her. She rolls her eyes “Shut up”. She blush “He wants to see me tomorrow”. They haven't seen each other since the day that we all went out. I actually thought that she wasn't interested in him no more. “That's great so are you going to see him after we come back from the fair?” I reach for the control. She shift in her sit “About that,” I stare at her “I was hoping that you can keep Gabe distracted so I can hang with Jake”. What does she mean keep him distracted?  Now I am the one who shifts uncomfortable “I don't know Sophia”. I don't think going out with just Gabe is a good idea. Every time I'm around him I feel all weird inside. “Oh come on Jane pleasee,” she pouts “I really really like Jake”. She gives me her sad face that she knows I can't say no to. “Fine” I give in. She claps her hands “Thank you so much Jane I owe you one”. She jumps up and runs to her room to call Jake. What have I gotten myself into? I throw my head back to stare at the ceiling I just hope he don't mind going with me. We haven't been alone since that night and I don't know how I'm going to act. I am laying in bed after my shower and decided to call Sammy. 
“Hello” she picks up on the second ring.
“Hi Sam” I reply.
“What's up Ana?” Ana? Why she called me Ana? “Oh nothing here at my tio's house” she went on. She is at my father's house. After a minute of silence I finally ask “Is my dad there?” I feel nervous just knowing he might be around.
“Yeah I know right” she says.
“How is he?” I pick on the fabric.
“Don't worry about it everything is fine” she answers.
“Good I'm glad he is okay” I smile.
“Do you still want the recipe for the cake?” What is she talking about? “because I can put Nina on the phone and she can give you the recipe”.
“Oh my god really?” I jump up and down “Yes! Put her on”.
“Okay I'll go look for her”. I can't believe I am going to talk to Nina after what seems like for ever. 
“Hello” I feel a knot in my throat hearing her voice.
“Ni-Nina” I choked out.
“Butterfly?” she ask. “Nina it's Ana she wants to ask you something” I hear Sam in the background.
“How are you?” she continues.
“I'm fine. I miss you so much you have no idea” I admit. 
“You're never alone I'm always thinking and praying for you” she says.
“Thanks how is dad holding up?” I know she will tell me the truth. I know that if there is any one that truly knows my dad is her. She can see what he doesn't want any one else to see.
“I'm not going to lie to you butterfly he isn't doing well he acts like everything is fine but deep down he is devastated. I haven't seen him like this since your mom”. I knew Sammy was lying to me all along. “Nina what's for dinner?” I hear my father's voice and I freeze on the spot. He is there on the other side of the phone. I'm squeezing the phone so tight to my ear that I might just break it. Damn I wish I can talk to him and tell him how much I love him, that I'm sorry for all the pain I put him through, and that for the first time in my life I'm happy. “What ever you would like Sir” Nina answers. “Surprise me who are you talking too?” my heart stops this is it. He is going to know it's me and he is going to trace the call. “Ana she wants to bake a cake” Nina lies. “I'll be in my office” that's the last thing I hear him say. “I have to go take care I love you” Nina hangs up leaving me a wreck. I drop the phone and sit in complete darkness. Every time I talk to them I always end up a mess. That's the reason why I don't call them every day. What kind of daughter am I? How can I live with myself knowing that I have broken my father's heart. What if he never forgives me? What if he never speaks to me again? Can I live knowing that my father hates me? I wish I had some one right now to tell me everything is going to be fine. I lay down and instantly the tears start falling I feel horrible. It hurts me to know that my father is hurting because of me meanwhile I'm here living my life. A few minutes later the door opens and I turn to my side “Sorry I need some cloths” Gabe enters. I pretend that I'm sleeping but my stuffy nose gives me away. “Are you getting sick?” I can feel him getting closer. “I'm fine” my voice comes out croaky. “What's wrong?” he asks. Oh god I don't want him to see me cry. I wipe my face “Nothing I have allergies”. I try to hide my sadness. “Allergies?” he questions “Are you allergic to the air or to me?”. I let out a small laugh leave it up to him to make me laugh. I hear his shoes hit the floor he is probably leaving. I feel the bed sink and then I feel his arms around me. I should probably push him away but I really need some one right now. He turns me around and I lay my head on his chest. “What's really wrong G.I Jane?” he brush my hair back and I let go out of the tears I was holding in. I hate crying around people but I can't control myself right now. I don't know what is it about him that makes me want to trust him. He makes me feel safe. “D-Do you think I'm a bad daughter?” I stutter. “What?” he lifts my chin up and looks confuse “Why would you think that?”. I lay my head back on his chest “I hurt my dad pretty bad by leaving”.  Every one thinks I left my father because he was strict but no one knows the real reason why I left. “You aren't the first and won't be the last daughter that leaves their parents and honesty I don't blame you for leaving with the way he is” he plays with my hair. Did I tell him the truth about my father? “You know strict and all” he adds and I relax. “I think he hates me” I press my cheek into his chest. He smells so good. “Don't be silly no one can hate you especially not your father” he says. I don't let the no one can hate you part go unnoticed. I lift my head up to look at him “You really think so?”. He runs his thumb under my eye wiping my tears “I know so”. I hope he is right because I can't live knowing that my father hates me. “You know,” he snaps me out my thought “even with mascara running down your face you still look pretty” he gives me a half smile. Damn I hate mascara. It brings out your eyelashes but damn it's hard to take that shit out. I sit up and look away from him “I look crazy don't I?”. He sits up and takes of his shirt and hands it over to me “Here use this to wipe it off”. I clean my face and I sniff it really quick before he sees me. He pulls me back down and I lay down on his bare chest. His skin is so smooth and warm against my cheek. “You got a tattoo?” I trace the letters that are written on his right side of his chest. How did I miss it last time when I was staring at him I don't know. “God never gives you anything you can't handle that's what it says” he says. “Powerful words” I whisper. “Indeed they are but they are also true” he strokes my arm. “I like, when did you get it?” I rest my chin on the back of my hand to face him. He brings one hand to the back of his neck he looks like he is modeling for some kind of magazine. “I was 17 and I was going through a rough time you can say I had so much on my plate that I didn't ask for. I was the man of the house so I had to make sure everything was running right,” he looks down to meet my eyes. I can see so much emotions in his dark green eyes. “I was so stress juggling school, work, home, and taking care of Sophia. I felt like I couldn't handle it. I started to drink and smoke you know getting into trouble here and there. My grades drop and I almost drop out of school if that wasn't bad enough I almost lost my job. Until one day an old lady that lived around the corner from me came by the store and as we were talking she said to me 'God never gives you anything you can't handle' and those words spoke to me in a way that I can't explain” he says. Now I understand why he always worry about Sophia he has been taking care of her his whole life. I smile and without thinking give him a kiss on his chest “That's amazing”. He chuckles “Thanks”. I lay back down and he strokes my hair. The room is so quite all you can hear is our breathing. I can hear his heartbeat it's so strong. “I think your dad should be proud of you” he breaks the silence. I laugh “Why?”. He is crazy if he thinks my dad should be proud of me. I got up and left him. “It takes a brave person to leave everything they know and love behind to start a new life some where else by themselves”. I doubt my dad sees it that way I let out a small yawn. “You should get some sleep” he tries to get up but I pin him down. “Can you sleep with me tonight?” I ask. I don't want to be alone right now. He looks down at me with doubt in his eyes “You won't rape me?”. I laugh “You wish”. I don't know how he always finds a way to make me laugh. “One can only hope can I take a shower first?” he ask. “Yea you kind of stink” I lie he smells great. “Yeah I have all your boogers and tears on me” he tease. “Good point” I sit up and let him roll off. As I lay in bed waiting for Gabe all I can think about is how big and empty my bed feels maybe I should buy a smaller bed. Gabe walks in and my heart skips a beat his hair is damp and he is only wearing pajamas bottom . I found myself in awe of his hard lean frame. My eyes travels over his smooth hard chest down to is six pack which is well define every single line. Then I move down to the V-shape of his hips that I didn't see yesterday. Seriously how can some one be that good looking? “Beautiful” I say under my breath. “What was that?” Gabe rubs the towel through his hair. “I didn't say anything” I move over to make room for him. “That's funny I could of sworn I herd you say something I must be hearing things” he walks towards me. I can't believe I said that out loud and got caught like always how embarrassing. “You should go to the doctor and get that check because you are to young to be hearing things” I say. Thank god it's dark and he can't see me blushing. “Mmm” he hums and pushes me down as he rolls on top of me “You think?”. I can smell his body wash and it smells so good. “Yes” I press my lips against each other trying not to laugh. He pins my arms above my head and slowly runs one hand down my side leaving a burning sensation behind. “Are you sure I herd wrong?” his voice comes out husky. I swallow and nod my head because I can't even talk. I'm to focus on his hand on my body. He starts to tickle me and I start kicking and laughing “Stop!” I cry out. I'm laughing so hard that my chest and stomach hurts. “Please stop!” I can't take it no more. He stops and lands right next to me. I take a minute to recover from my attack. “Now that's better” he smiles. “What?” I turn to face him. “Seeing you laughing instead of crying” he tucks a strand of hair behind my ear and I quiver. “Really?” I run my hand through his still wet hair “I thought I had the whole looking like-a-dying-clown down”. I trace his perfect eyebrow. “I said that to make you feel better but you kind of looked like death” he whisper. I punch him in his chest “Asshole”. He rolls over on top of me grabbing his chest “It hurts”. I try to push him off but don't move him one bit “For some one with an amazing body you are sure heaver than a cow” I say. “Beautiful” he mumbles. “What?” I act like I didn't hear him. “An amazing beautiful body” he looks up and winks. I laugh “What ever you say crazy”. We stare at each other for a what seems for ever. I can get lost in his eyes all my life and never realize it. “We should get some sleep we have a big day tomorrow” he kissed my forehead and rolls off me. I take in a big breath “Yeah goodnight” I turn to my side and hugged my pillow. He pulls me towards him and I snuggle in to his arms. There is no other place I rather be then in his arms feeling safe and warm. “Night Muffin” he gives me a small kiss on my shoulder. I fight the shiver that wants to break out. This is going to be a good night.
                                  Chapter 20
     I try turning to my side but there is something heavy pinning me to the bed. I open my eyes to find Gabe handsome face still sleeping. I brush his hair back and run my hand down his face tracing his every line. His face is so perfect just like everything else. Seriously I can't find anything wrong with him he is just a perfect creation. He has an oval shape face, his eyebrows are bold and well shape I wounder if he wax them? His eyelashes are long any girl would kill to have them. His nose is just the right size for his face, his top lip is thinner than his bottom lip. They look so soft and full I am so tempted to kiss them and feel them against mines. I wonder how he would taste? If he is a good kisser? His has a strong jaw line so manly and he has a clean shave makes his face look as soft as a baby. I look up to find one green eye staring back at me. “Good morning Muffin” he says in his deep hoarse morning voice. Great I got caught checking him out again. I feel like a peeping Tom no worst I feel like peeping Tom's father whom ever he is. “Morning” I start to get up but he brings me back down. “What time is it?” he is killing me with that voice it's so sexy. I look over to the clock “It's 7”. He pouts like a little boy he looks so adorable doing that “I have to go to work”. He rolls on top of me “I thought you had off?” I brush his hair back. He shakes his head and his hair tickles my chin “Correction you and Sophia have off I on the other hand have to go in and handle some work but I'll be out by 12 so be ready by then”. He still doesn't know that Sophia isn't going with us. I hope he don't cancel because I really want to go. He rolls off me and heads for the bathroom. I can't help but to stare at his bare back and his tight ass. God he has a great ass. I hop out of bed and go make him some coffee. “I can get use to this” Gabe walks in with his one million dollar smile. “Don't it's a one time sort of thing” I hand him his coffee. “Be ready by 12” he commands. “Yes sir” I salute him. “Look at that,” he chuckles and my heart skips a beat “my own private Ryan”. I think I need sunglasses to stare at his bright perfect white teeth. He leans over the table and kisses my forehead “See you later be ready”. Another kiss on the forehead really? I can't help but to feel disappointment I give him a smile and wave goodbye as he exited. I decide to go back to bed it's still early and maybe I can sneak in a little nap. I hug the pillow that Gabe used last night and sniff it. It still smells like him. Is it bad that I miss him already? What's wrong with me? The door flies open and part of me hopes it's Gabe. I look up and find Sophia standing there wrap in her rainbow blanket. She jumps in bed with me “So you and Gabe huh?” she sounds excited. “Nothing happen we just slept” I shake my head. She wiggles her eyebrows and stares at me in disbelieve “Really? You're going to tell me you had my brother in your bed and he didn't try anything?”. I lift up my right hand “I swear nothing happen between us”. If I felt disappointed about the kiss on the forehead now I feel worst. I guess I'm not his type maybe he see's me like a little sister afterwords. “Are you a lesbian?” Sophia ask “I won't judge you I swear”. I hit her with a pillow “No, I'm not a lesbian”. She laughs “I'm just kidding leas-bi-honest do you like Gabe?”. I don't know do I?  When ever he is around I get nervous and excited at the same time. I can't go a day without thinking of his green eyes. They haunt me everyday even in my dreams. I enjoy spending time with him even when he is annoying me. When I'm with him I lose sight of time I have never felt anything like this before. “I don't know really” I lie because I know damn well I do. “Oh my guy! I knew it you like him” she trows the pillow back at me. “I'm so confuse and he confuses me even more. One minute he is all kind and the next he is an asshole” I let out a small breath. “Yeah I know how confusing he can be but trust me when I say that he likes you” she smiles. A smile from ear to ear creeps it's way on my face “You think?”. I know that isn't true but hearing it makes me hopeful that maybe just maybe he does. “No,” she shakes her head “I know it”. I feel butterflies in my stomach and I can't stop smiling. “Okay so I'm going to say I have really bad cramps and that I'm not feeling good” she says. “You think he will believe that?” Gabe is no fool. I don't know how we are going to pull this off. “Yeah he is a guy and they hate talking about periods” she laughs. “Now come on we have to pick out your outfit” she drags me off the bed and into my closet. An hour later we finally agree on a jersey dress. “Don't you think it's to much?” I'm not sure about this. “No way you have to take advantage of this weather because winter is around the corner now go shower” she push me out the door. I am wearing a dark blue long sleeve jersey dress that fits clingy. I bend down in front of the mirror to check my backside. “What are you doing?” Sophia walks in. “Checking if I can bend down with out giving people a free show. Can you see anything?” I ask. “Nope you are good to go” she gives me two thumbs up. “I love that dress on you” she rush to my side to check me out. “Your boobs are so perky” she jiggles them in her hands and I laugh. “Leas-bi-honest now is there something you want to admit?” I raise my eyebrow at her. “Yeap I want your boobs” she release them. “I got the perfect black flats to go with that dress” she runs out the room. I add some cream on my hair and clip one side up and let the rest dangle. I put on some mascara, eyeliner, and some lip gloss. Sophia walks in “Here you go and you look amazing”. I'm so nervous what if he cancels when he finds out she isn't going. “I don't think I can do this Sofy” I confess. She shakes me around “You can do this stop being so insecure”. Insecure me? Ha! Never. Okay maybe a little. “I feel like I have to throw up” I rub my stomach. “You're just nervous but relax everything is going to be find” she reassure me. “I hope you girls are ready” we hear the front door open. Sophia winks and walks out “Hey Gabbie”.
“Sophia I told you to be ready” he sounds annoyed. I spray some love spell from Victoria secrets. “I'm not feeling so well I have bad cramps” she says. Gabe looks over to me and holds his stare “Gorgeous” he mumbles under his breath. My cheeks start to burn and I smile. “Earth to Gabe” Sophia snaps her fingers in front of his face. He snaps his head back to her “What you say?” he ask. “That I have my period and there is blood all over the place I can't stop it” she laughs as he makes a disgusting face. “That's gross I don't need to know all of that” he says. He turns back to face me “Do you mind if I take a quick shower first?”. I shake my head because I can't find my voice. He walks towards me and stops to whisper into my ear “I got something for you it's in the kitchen table”. I walk to the table and see that there is a blueberry muffin waiting for me with a frappe. “What did he say?” Sophia ask. “That he brought me a muffin” I cheese. “A muffin? Really he is some cheap bastard” she frowns. I laugh and eat my muffin. This is our thing and I don't feel like sharing it with Sophia just yet. Gabe walks out with a tight black t-shirt that hugs his every muscles and some dark jeans so simple but yet so sexy. I swallow down the extra saliva that is forming in my mouth now I'm the one that is dazed out. “Ready?” he hands me my jean jacket. “Yea” I whisper. “Bye Soso hope you feel better” he hugs her and gives her a kiss on the forehead like he does to me. Yeap that confirms my suspicion he sees me as a little sister. “I have a feeling that I'm going to feel so much better later” she winks at me. Oh god I also have a feeling she is going to be feeling way better later. “Bye Sofy” I give her a hug. “Have fun” she whisper. Gabe opens the car door for me “What a gentlemen” I smile. He close the door and then walks over to his side of the car. “You look gorgeous” he said as he climbs in the car. “Thank you,” I look over to him “You look beautiful also”. He chuckles “That's the second time you call me beautiful feels weird”. I put on my seat belt “That's weird I don't remember the first time” I try not to smile or else I'll give my self away. “Sure you don't” he drives off. He grabs my hand and brings it to his mouth to give it a small kiss “We are going to have so much fun”. His lips on my skin makes me feel all hot inside. “You are so cute” I blurt out. He is even more excited to go to the fair than I am. “First I'm beautiful now I'm cute I feel like we have change roles” he jokes. I laugh and turn on the radio I need to stop talking because every time I open my mouth some thing stupid comes out. Half an hour later we arrive to the fair and you can see my excitement a mile away. “Wow this is huge” I turn to Gabe. “Yeah this is the mother of all fairs” he says. He gets off the car and walks over to my side to open the door I take his hand and he helps me out. We walk to the ticket booth and I reach for my purse for some cash. “Are you trying to crush my manhood?” he frowns. “No, why?” I ask. I'm confuse have I offended him in some way? “Then put your money away I invited you so there for every thing is on me” he walks away leaving me standing by myself. I feel bad for offending him I didn't mean anything by it. I just assume that I was paying my own ticket. He walks back and gives me my own VIP tickets. I know he is mad but I refuse to fight with him today. I pull him by his arm “I'm sorry”. I really didn't mean to question his manhood. “Don't be I'm just trying my best to prove to you that I'm not an asshole but I guess that it is true what they say about first impression they are the one that stick with us” he gives me a small smile. I feel like a complete douche bag here he is trying to be nice to me keeping his promise about taking me out on new adventures and how do repay him by making him feel like an asshole. Way to go Jane. I grab his hand “Hey you don't have to prove yourself to me. I know that you aren't an asshole in fact if there is a douche bag here today it's me and beside I'm not use to guys being all nice to me” I kiss the back of his hand. Maybe he will have the same reaction as I did when he did it. “Come on I'll show you what I can do” he kiss my cheek. 
                                      Chapter 21
     “Come on let's go on this one” he drags me towards the bumper cars. There is a huge but Gabe walks pass all of them and shows our V.I.P pass. The man grants our way in with out waiting I feel like a celebrity. I buckle myself in and look over to Gabe. He smiles and runs his finger around his neck “Your ass is mine”. As soon as the green light comes up I press down on the gas petal to get away from Gabe. I try avoiding hitting any one all I want to do is get away from Gabe. I look to my sides and try to figure out where to go next when some one crash into me from behind. “License and registration please” Gabe ask. “What's the problem officer?” I flutter my eyelashes. “The problem is that your beauty is distracting the other drivers as you can see they are driving like manics” he smirks. I laugh “Really?”. I notice a girl driving straight to Gabe I motion for him to come closer with my finger “Maybe they should keep their eyes on the rode instead of me”. The girl bumps into Gabe and I take the opportunity to drive away laughing. He catches up to me in no time “That was cheating”. I crash into his side “There is no rules”. Every time I escape him he always found a way to catch up to me. “That was fun what's next?” I ask as we get off the ride. I look around the fair and see a roller coaster. I have never been on one. “That let's go” I point. He pulls back “I don't know how about that one” he points to a smaller ride. Is Gabe actually scare of going on a roller coaster? “Oh no,” I smile “Don't tell me you are scare to ride a roller coaster?”. He runs his hand through his hair he does that every time he feel nervous. It's funny how well I have gotten to know him. “Pss me scare? No way” he gives me a half smile but I can see he is worry in his eyes. “Prove it” I challenge him. I pull him and he refuse to move “Come on Gabe” I plead. He slowly starts to walk. I pull him to the front of the line “I think we should wait like any other person in line they were here before us” he says. I know what he is doing he is trying to buy time so he can run away but I'm not having it. “You didn't seem to care about the people waiting on the other line” I argued. I show the man our pass and he sits us right away. Gabe goes in first and than I settle in. I'm so anxious I want the ride to start already. “It's the waiting that kills me” Gabe runs his hand through his hair. “You'll be fine” I grab his hand and we interlock our fingers. His palm is clammy and he keeps shaking his leg. “Are you okay? We can get off if you like” I say. I feel bad for making him get on the ride. Maybe I shouldn't of pushed him he looks like he is about to throw up. “No, I'll be fine just don't let go of my hand” he says. I squeeze his hand to reassure him that I'm not going no where. Once every one was on board the ride starts moving really slow. This isn't so bad what was Gabe freaking out for? I look over to him “Just wait for it” he says before I can say some thing. The cart starts to go up a hill and gravity pins my body down back. “Don't look back” Gabe says and of course I do. When I look back I see how far we are from thr ground. “Oh my gosh” my stomach drops “Why would you tell me not to look back?” I slap his chest. Gabe chuckles “I was trying to help you”. We reach the highest part of the hill and the cart stops. “What's going on?” I panic did the ride get stuck? That would be just my luck getting stuck on a roller coaster. “Get ready” Gabe squeeze my hand. I turn to look at him but his eyes are close shut. I hear the wheels turning and next thing I know we are falling. “Oh my god! Oh my god!” I chant. I feel my stomach in my throat. “FUCK! FUCK!” Gabe yells. My heart is beating so fast I can hear it in my ears. The air is blowing my hair all over the place. There is a big loop coming up and we stop in the middle leaving us hanging upside down. I let my arms drop taking Gabe's hand with me. Everything looks so small the people, the cars, and the other rides. The sky looks so amazing from here I feel like I can fly. “Gabe open your eyes the view is breath taking” I say breathless. “It sure is” I turn to face him and he is staring at me. Before I can say anything the ride starts back up and both of us start screaming again. “See it wasn't that bad” I smile as we get off the ride. “How are you feeling?” I ask. He holds on to his stomach “I'll let you know when my liver and my heart flip back to their place”. I can feel the adrenaline running through my veins and I want more. “Come one let's go” I pull him to another ride and then another one after that. When we get off the ride Gabe looks at me and smiles. “You hair is all wild you got the whole lion king look down” he tease. I know how bad my hair can be when it's messy so I tie it up in a bun but some curls manage to escape. “You know for a big bad ape you are kind of a wuss” I tease him back. “I got on them tho” he points out. “Because I made you” I stick out my tongue. “Correction because I wanted to be with you” he says in a matter of fact voice. He really got on all of them even when he didn't want to. I stand on my tippy toes and give him a kiss “Thanks for everything”. He smiles “Anything to make you smile”. I smile and look away. I swear he is the only guy who can make me smile when ever he wants. “I guess what they say it's true” he looks down to his watch. “What?” I kick a rock. “Times flies when you are having fun” he says. I look around and notice that the fair is in full swing because it's dark the lights are on. The fair looks beautiful with all the lights on it makes it look magical. People are laughing, screaming, kids are running around with stuff animals. Every one seems so happy. In the air you can smell butter popcorn, fry dough, and cotton candy. We have been in almost all the rides so we don't know which one to go on next. We walk by a stage where there are older couples slow dancing. There is one couple that catches my eye. The man has his arms wrap around her waist and her hands are laying on his chest while they stare at each other. The man leans in and whisper something to her and she drops her head back while laughing. Her husband just stares at her with shiny eyes he looks at her like she is the most beautiful creature he has ever seen. She whisper something back to him and now it's his turn to laugh. He cups her face and gives her a kiss on the forehead. I feel my eyes start to water that is the most beautiful thing I have ever seen. I have never seen so much love between some one. I only hope that I can will find some one to stare at me with so much love. “May I have the honor of this dance my lady?” Gabe bows and extend his hand. I was so focus on the couple that I forgot that Gabe was standing next to me. I giggle “You may” I grab the end of my dress and curtsy. I lay my hand on his and he walks me to the dance floor. “Are you having a good time my lady?” he ask. “Yes the best time wait what shall I call you?” I ask. “How about master?” he jokes. “Ha!” I roll my eyes “Keep dreaming”. Knowing Gabe he would love for me to call him master. The song ends and I start to pull away but Gabe holds me in place until the other song start playing. I wrap my arms around his neck and he wraps his around my waist. “Greet song listen to the lyrics” he says. “What's the name of the song?” I ask. “Thinking out loud by Ed Sheeran” he answers. 
               “When your legs don't walk like they used to before and I can't sweep you off your feet
     Will your mouth still remember the taste of my love? Will your eyes still smile from your cheeks? And darling I will be loving you til we're 70 
     And baby my heart could still fall as hard as 23. And I'm thinking 'bout how people fall in love in mysterious ways”

     I look up and find Gabe staring at me. His stare is so deep it feels like he is trying to see the part of me I hide. I run my hand up his hair and just stare at him as we sway from one side to another. There is a light in his eyes tonite that I have never seen before. Maybe it's just the lighting I say to myself. 
                        “Maybe just the touch of a hand
Well, me – I fall in love with you every single day. And I just wanna tell you I am
     So honey now take me into your loving arms kiss me under the light of a thousand stars 
Place your head on my beating heart I'm thinking out loud that maybe we found love right where we are”
     He spins me and I step on his foot by accident “I'm so sorry” I apologizes. He laughs “It's fine it's not your fault you have two left feet” he tease. “Asshole” I throw my head back in laughter. He pins me closer to his body “I love this song by the way” I whisper to him. “Told you it was good” he kiss the top of my head but this time it doesn't bother me it feels perfect. He hums the rest of the song as we dance. Once the song was over everyone clap and we walk out the dance floor.
                                     Chapter 22
     “How about you young man would you like to win your beautiful girlfriend a stuff animal?” a man behind a booth ask Gabe as we walk by. I blush when he called me Gabe's girlfriend I would give anything for that to be true. “Why not” Gabe hands the man 2 dollars. “The point of the game is to shoot every bottle down before the time is up” the man says. Gabe leans down and starts shooting but misses every shot. “Better luck next time sunny” the man laughs. Gabe pulls out another 2 dollars and hand them to him. “Gabe come on let's just go” I say. “Muffin I have to defend our honor” he winks and I blush. He leans down spreads his legs and concentrate on the bottles. He starts shooting and this time he hits every bottle before the time was up. That was amazing he hit them all in the same spot. “Beginners luck” he smirks. “Beginner luck my as-” .
“Hey not in front of my lady” Gabe interrupts him. I giggle because he called me his lady. The man frowns “Alright what will it be?”. Before I can turn around and see the prize Gabe hold me in place “Close your eyes Muffin I'll pick one out for you” he says. It's only fair that he gets to pick it out after all he did win it for me. I close my eyes and waited impatiently. “Hurry I'm dying here” I shift from one leg to another. I'm not good at waiting. “Okay open them now” he says. I pop my eyes open and he is holding the biggest gorilla stuff animal I ever seen. “Since you seem to watch a lot of monkey movies I thought this would suite you” he mocks me. I throw my self at him catching him of guard almost knocking us over “I love it!”. It's just the perfect gift I would of picked it out myself. “Glad to hear that, let's go home now” he grabs my hand and we walk towards the car. “Oh my god can we get some cotton candy?” I ask as we pass the stand. I love cotton candy I mean who doesn't? “Yea stay here I'll go buy it” he let's go of my hand leaving me feeling empty. I hug my ape and take one last look around the fair. I had so much fun today I hope I have many many more days like this and with Gabe on my side. Gabe walks back with a blue and pink cotton candy stick I reach for the blue cotton stick before he can hand me the pink. “Hey that one is mine” he pouts. “I like the blue one” I stuff it in my mouth. “Beside pink is more your color” I smile. He leans into me “You think?”. I nod holding my breath he parts his lips and licks them. Oh god is he going to kiss me? He close the distant and takes a bite of my cotton candy. “Hey” I push him back. I feel foolish thinking that he was going to kiss me. If he wanted to kiss me he would of done it while we were dancing that would have been the perfect moment. We walk to the car eating our cotton candy. “Thank you for today Gabe I really appreciated it” I thank him again. “No thank you I needed a distraction” he brings my hand to his mouth. The ride home was quite practically because I fall asleep. I was tired off all the excitement of today. “Muffin” I hear Gabe “we're here”. He opens the door for me and helps me get out the car “Gabe the ape” I whisper. “Yeah that's me” he chuckles. “No my gorilla” I reach for my stuff animal. “You name him Gabe the ape?” he sounds amuse. “Yea” I nod as we go upstairs. “I hope Soso is feeling better” he says as I open the door. Damn it I totally forgot to let her know we were coming. “Sofy we're here” I call out making sure she hears me. Gabe walks over to her door and knocks “Soso?”. He turns the knob but it is lock “That's weird”. He knocks louder and I'm shitting in my pants. What if she isn't here? What am I going to say to Gabe? We are so busted. “Maybe she is sleeping” my voice comes out lower than what I attended it to. “Maybe” he frowns and his eyebrows shape into a V. He knocks even harder I'm afraid he is going to break the door down. He turns to walk away and Sophia opens the door “What the fuck? Some one better be fucking dying”. She has her rainbow blanket wrap around her from head to toe she actually looks sick. “Why did you take so long?” Gabe ask. “Because I was fucking sleeping dickhead it's 12 in the morning” she gives me a help me look. “That's some deep sleep” he tilts his head trying to look inside the room. She moves to the side to block him from looking inside. “What the hell is up with all the question I took some pills for my cramps and they knock me out” she says annoyed. “Just asking” he grabs the gorilla and walks towards my room. Sophia lets out a small breath “What the hell Jane you should of called or text to warn me” she quickly whisper. “I'm sorry I fall asleep but why did you take so long to open the door?” I take off my jacket because I feel like I'm burning. “I was doing something” she says nervously. I eyed her from head to toe “Are you naked?”. She wraps the blanket tighter “Shh! Jake is still here so I need you to keep Gabe in your room and out the living room please”. I laugh “So you was doing Jake while Gabe was knocking?”. I laugh just picturing how freaked out they must have been when Gabe was knocking. For the first time since I have known Sophia she blush “Shut the fuck up Jane”. I cover my mouth to hide my laughter. “I got to go” she turns around. “You little slut” I whisper as I walk away. “Thank you for the information I'll see you tomorrow at work” Gabe hangs up as I walk in. “Where do you work?” I take off my shoes and lay them by the door. “I have an office job” he shrug “is it me or did Sophia seemed a little off?”.  Oh she was getting off alright I bite the inside of my lip trying to keep myself from laughing “Not at all you probably scare her with the way you were knocking like there was a whole SWAT team at her door”. He lets out a small laugh “Yeah I probably should go apologize”. 
“No!” I snap “she drank some pills and probably fall asleep again. You wouldn't want to wake her up would you?”. I hope he says no. He smirks “You're right I shouldn't temp my luck by waking up the beast. We barley made out of there alive.”. I laugh “We?”. He grabs Gabe the Ape “Jr. and I”. I fake like my feelings are hurt “You left me behind to fight for my life?”.
“You were never in any danger it's the male that are in danger” he tease and I laugh. “You know how girls get with the whole PMS” I walk towards the closet. “Oh no not PMS,” he gasp “She got the Psycho Monster Syndrome we should rush her to the hospital right away”. I giggle “Psycho Monster Syndrome cleaver” I can't find my pajamas so I settle for a shirt. He walks in and grabs his sleeping cloths “I'm out to bed have a good night”. Think Jane think you need him to stay in here. “You can stay in here” it sounds more like a question than a statement. He looks at me with an arched eyebrow “Are you sure I don't want to make you feel uncomfortable”. 
“Don't be silly just stay” I pout maybe that will convince him. “I can't say no to that face” he pokes me lower lip. Bingo! He walks out of the closet and I stay inside to change. I change into a long white T-shirt that stops above my knees and my booty shorts. “That's strange I don't remember buying this shirt” I say as I look down at the shirt. “Maybe because that's my shirt and I was the one who bought it” Gabe smiles. He probably thinks I'm some stalker. First I begged him to sleep in here and now I'm wearing his shirt. “Sorry I'll take it off” I turn around. “No,” he snap “it looks better on you than on me”. I feel my cheeks burning up “I'm going to the bathroom”. Wait why did I inform him I was going to the bathroom? I shake my head and leave the room. I wash my face and brush my teeth twice just in case. Keep your self together you can do this I stare at my reflection. Don't think about the sex god waiting for you in the room. I shake me head trying to shake away my naughty thoughts. As soon as I walk inside the room Gabe walks out “Where are you going?” I ask. He frown “To the bathroom may I?”. I nod. Great now I annoyed him this is going to be a fun night. Yay Jane! I get into bed and wait for Gabe to come back. Why am I so nervous it's not the first time I'm going to sleep with Gabe. I'm so going to kill Sophia tomorrow for this she owes me her life. Gabe walks in and jumps in the bed making me bounce. He reaches for me and I lay my head on his chest. “Who is it?” he strokes my hair. “Who is who?” I try to hide the fact that I'm nervous. “Oh Muffin,” he lets out a small laugh “well first you ask me to sleep in here with you. Don't get me wrong I don't mind sleeping in your bed with you but it's weird that you ask and then the fact that you are playing with your chain tells me that you are trying to hiding something”. He tilts my head “Plus I know my sister pretty damn good to know she is up to something”. Busted! I can either keep going on with the lies or just tell him the truth. “Is that obvious?” I bite down on my lip. “Yeah so who is it?” he nods. “Promise me you won't say nothing and you'll act like you don't know” I bring out my pinky finger. “I'm a man Jane I don't do pinky what ever it is” he gives me his serious face. “Well no pinky promise no secret” better for me. He looks at me and then back at my pink “Fine” he brings his pinky up to mines. “Good boy I mean man” I say in my deep voice. “Talk woman” he smirks. “Okay remember Jake?” he nods his head “Well it's him please don't mess this up for her I know you worry and you have every right to but she really really likes him”. He runs his head through his hair “What's wrong?” I frown. He starts to shake his leg “My sister always falls really fast but the problem is that no one is there to catch her. I'm always the one that have to put her back together when she falls apart”. I rest my chin on the back of my hand to stare at him “I'm pretty sure Jake likes her a lot”. He tucks a strand of hair behind my ear “Yeah that's how it all start and then they realize that it wasn't something serious and they leave her and she gets all depress and starts-” he stops himself. “She what?” I ask. “Nothing” he smiles but it looks painful. “Don't you trust me?” my feelings are sort of hurt. “Of course I do you are one of the few people I trust” he says. Now I feel like an asshole because he trust me enough to let me in and I can't bring my self to tell him the truth about my past. “I promise I won't say anything” I put out my pinky. He brings my pinky to his mouth and gives it a kiss “The last guy Sophia got involve with was messed up. He used drugs and drag her into that world,” What? No way Sophia my roommate on drugs. That's something that I will never want to see. “I went to hell and back trying to keep her off and clean” I can hear how much it hurts him. “That's why you are overprotected” I whisper more to myself than to him finally understand his behavior. “I just worry that she can have a relapse. I'm not sure I can go through that again”. I cup his face and stare into his eyes “You won't and if, and that is a big IF, it happens I will be right by your side you won't do it on your own I promise”.
“Thank you Muffin” he kiss the tip of my nose and my heart start to race. “My pleasure” I kiss the tip of his nose only because I'm to much of a coward to kiss his lips. I drop my head down on his chest and his heart beat matches mine. Maybe he was freaking out that I was going to kiss him and make this awkward for us. I let out a small laugh remembering how much fun I had today. “What's funny?” he ask. “I had fun today thank you” I kiss his chest. “My pleasure we should make it a hobbit” he says. “Make what a hobbit?” I close my eyes enjoying his heartbeat. “Going out on the weekends” he runs his hand up and down my arm. More dates with Gabe just us two? Can I get an Amen please! “Really you'll do that for me?” I'm shocked. “I sort of have to” he says and I look up at him “Why?”. 
“Because that's part of my plan to make you smile and laugh more and a promise is a promise” he smirks. I feel like I'm going to cry he is such a sweetheart. Every one was right about him he is a great guy. “You're amazing you know that?” I lay back down. “Yeah I have been told” he is also cocky but I like it. “But you are pretty incredible yourself” he kiss the top of me head. “Night Gabe” I wrap my arm and leg around him like a snake. “Night Muffin” he strokes my hair until I fall asleep.
                                     Chapter 23
     The sound of the rain hitting my window wakes me up but I refuse to open my eyes just yet. I love rainy days! There are so perfect to snuggle, eat junk food, watch movies, and stay in your pajamas all day. I feel something hairy poking my cheek. “Gabe stop playing around” I squeeze him but I feel some thing soft in my arms. I open my eyes to find dark lifeless eyes staring back. I search around for Gabe but the only Gabe in the room is the ape. “Well good morning Gabe the ape” I look back to him and I notice a piece of paper. I feel butterflies working up in my stomach just knowing that it's form Gabe. I reach for the paper:
            Had to go into work early. I hope I didn't wake you up I tried my best not to. I left Jr. watching over you while you  sleep. See you later Muffin.
                                            P.S You snore like a grizzly bear
No I don't! I don't even snore! I turn around and launch myself to Jr. I think my mind is playing games on me because I swear I can smell Gabe on him. I might as well get up and make some coffee because there is no way I'm going back to sleep. “What a beautiful sunny morning” Sophia walks into the kitchen with a smile that reaches her ears. “You know it's raining right?” I laugh. She looks out the window “Really? I didn't even notice”. 
“Of course you didn't you walked in like Mary Poppins” I love the smell of coffee in the morning. “Well that means Mary Poppins was getting some great fucking sex” she beams. “Have you ever had mind blowing sex that leaves you happy for the rest of the week?” she ask. “No” I pour my coffee avoiding her stare. “No you never had mind blowing sex or no you never had sex?” she comes around to pour out some coffee. “I never had sex” I shyly admit. She puts her coffee down “You're a virgin?”. I feel her hazel eyes burning through me “Yeah”. I have never seen Sophia speechless before. “It's not a big deal” I shrug it off. “Nope it's not,” she returns to her coffee “Are you like waiting for marriage?”. I laugh at that “No I just haven't found the right guy you know?”. Call me old fashion but I'm a hopeless romantic I believe that every girl should lose there virginity to some one they love. We all deserve to get swept of our feet. “So you never been in love?” she ask. “Nope” how could I when I had a big bad wolf breathing down my neck. “Well I have a feeling that you'll find love pretty soon” she tease. “What ever so tell me about Jake?” I walk into the living room hoping to change the subject. “Oh god where to start,” she follows me “he is just perfect. He is so sweet, funny, smart, and good no fucking awesome in bed”. 
“You got it bad” I smile into my mug. “Yeah I do” she jumps with excitement. “I'm happy for you Sofy you know you can always count on me for anything” I hug her. It's so hard for me to picture her on drugs. It makes me furious knowing that some bastard drove her to that point. I wish I knew who he was to make him pay for it. “Thanks rommie,” she squeeze me “now how about we have a lazy Sunday just the two of us? You know Netflix, junk food, girl talk, and pizza”. I jump off the sofa “I'll get the junk food” I walk to our stash. “I'll get the movie started” she yells. Honestly I think Sophia is my better half. How I wish Sammy can meet Sophia they would get along so great. “Ready” I say as I sit down. She plays the movie. “The Sound of Music” I throw my head back and laugh “Good one”. We snuggle on the sofa and got ready for the movie. We talked about Jake a little bit more and of course about Gabe. “Let me get this straight,” she says with amusement “he got on a roller coaster, then you guys actually dance no wait slow dance? I have never seen Gabe dance in my life. Then he won you a stuff gorilla and you named it Gabe the ape?” she laughs. “Well for a guy who has never danced in their life Gabe sure can dance” I smile remembering our dance. “You smell that?” she sniff around me. “No what?” I wrinkle my nose trying to find what she smells. “It smells like...like... love is in the air” she push me back while she laugh. “You must be smelling your self you wreck of hot smelly sex” I laugh. “Hot yes smelly I don't think so” she wink. Talking about smelly I should shower before Gabe comes home. Not that I care what he thinks of me but I just want to smell good. “I'm going to shower” I say to Sophia. “Lucy wants to look good before Ricky comes home” she teased. I give her the finger “Fly away little birdy” she sings. After I shower I put on a white beater and sweatpants. I braid my hair into a fish tale and join Sophia in the living room. “I brought dinner” Gabe walks in with pizza and my heart skips a beat. “You know I'm starting to like having you around” Sophia jumps on her feet on the sight of pizza. “I'm happy to know that I can buy your love little sister” he smirks. I get up to join them at the kitchen table. “I herd you went all happy feet on Jane last night” she tease him. I see Gabe blush for the first time and it does things to my inside he looks so adorable. “All right Mary Poppins leave him alone” I jump in to defended him. “Marry Poppins?” Gabe ask and now it's Sophia turn to blush that's what she gets for trying to put him on the spot. “Shut up Lucy” she comes back. “Lucy?” Gabe ask again. Sophia looks at me and I look at Gabe as he looks at her we all start to laugh. “By the time I leave here I'm going to be crazy” he says. I feel my lungs tighten up just thinking of him leaving. I don't want him to leave I have gotten use having him around. “How is that coming out by the way?” Sophia ask as she peels the cheese of her pizza. She is so weird she separates the cheese and eats it for last. “Well they still have to change the pipes so maybe in a week or 2 I'll be out of your hair” he peels the pepperoni of the pizza. I'm happy to hear that I can enjoy him for a few more days but still sad that he will be leaving. I know that once he leaves we will go back to how we used to be. “Your awfully quite” Sophia says and Gabe looks my way “What's wrong?”. I break off the crust of my pizza trying to avoid his stare “Nothing”. Gabe stares at me trying to read my emotions on my face but I have a strong poker face. Sophia phone rings and she runs to her room to answer it. “Are you sure you're okay?” Gabe leans in closer to me. “Yeah I'm fine how was work?” I put on a fake smile. He stays silent for a minute and then he finally speaks “Boring like always”. He is so close to me that I can smell his cologne. With out even thinking I hop out off my seat and embrace him in a big hug. “Wow” he says surprise “Please don't tell me I'm losing you to the PMS?”. I let out a laugh maybe that's what's wrong with me. Maybe that's why my emotions are all over the place. “Or are you going to tell me what's really wrong?” he strokes my back. I close my eyes and push my face into the side of his neck “Nothing is wrong I think the PMS is catching up to me” I try not to cry. He chuckles “Yeah I have officially lost you”. I pull back and we are face to face he plays with my braid. “Everything is going to be fine” he reassures me. My arms are around his neck and I'm in between his legs. I stare into his green eyes and I get lost in them. I look down to his lips and he bites down on his bottom lip. My heart is beating 100 miles per hours. The air is full of electricity and it gets heavier by the second. He leans in and I hold my breath. “It was Jake” Sophia voice snaps us back to reality. Gabe drops his head on to my chest and I rub his back. “Stay strong” I cheer him up he must be freaking out about Jake. “Gross no sex on the table I eat there” she gags. I blush and Gabe let's go of me “So who is this Jake?” he ask. “Who?” Sophia pour out some soda. “Soso don't play with me or help me god I will find out everything about him on my own” he threatens her. I slowly back away and Sophia gives me a help me look I shake my head and mouth sorry. I walk to my room this is not my battle to fight. As I lay down on the bed all I can think about is Gabe seriously what is wrong with me? All I want to do is spend time with him and when he isn't around all I do is think of him. Every time I'm around him I feel butterflies in my stomach, my heart beats so fast that I can hear it in my ears. Can this be love? “She is impossible” Gabe slams the door. “What happen?” I sit up. “I can't talk some sense into her it's like I'm talking to a brick wall” he sits next to me and I rub his back. “Don't worry we'll keep an eye on her”. Even when he is worry he looks good. I stand up to go cheek on Sophia but Gabe pulls me back down “Stay”.
“I'm going to cheek on Sophia” I lay down knowing damn well I'm not going no where. He lays down and puts his head on my stomach “She is fine I'm the one who is having a hard time here”. I run my hand through his hair “Aww poor baby”. He wraps his arms around my waist and I stroke his back. “I can get use to this” he mumbles. I can get use to this too I think to my self. The sound of Gabe's snoring wakes me up. He is so handsome and adorable I trace his lips with my thumb there are so soft and smooth. “Pervert” he moans and I freeze. Holly shit I got caught yet again. He rolls off me and I close my eyes to pretend that I'm sleeping. I hear him chuckle as he pulls me towards him “Oh you're sleeping now?”. I don't respond. He leans in and I feel his warm breath on the back of my neck it makes my skin break out into millions of goosebumps. He is making it so hard for me to stay still. “I have to confess something to you” he rubs his nose into my hair. “I think I'm-” he stops and fakes a snore. I turn around and elbow him “You think your what?”. He fakes snores again “You're not sleeping”. A small grin appears on his face making me mad I try pulling away but he pins me to him “Night Jane”. I place my face into his neck and give him a small kiss “Night Gabriel”.
                                       Chapter 24
     “Jake invited us to a paint party this weekend” Sophia says. “Paint party that sounds like fun” I take a bite of my muffin. “Yeah can't wait” she beams. “Breaks over” Maggie yells. “I can't stand her” Sophia sighs. At this point I'm so use to her yelling it doesn't face me anymore. Like every day since I started to work here Gabe comes in at lunch time. I have to admit that has become my favorite part of the day. “Let me guess a blueberry muffin and a small coffee” I say as he walks over to me. “Well yes are you some kind of mind reader?” he gasped. “Something like that” I take his order and hand it to him since I had it ready for him in the first place. “See you at home Muffin” he winks and walks away. Great now my day is going to go by slower just counting the minutes down to see him again. “Who is that?” Sophia points to a man sitting down by the window. “I have no clue why?” I ask. “He keeps looking over here gives me the creeps” she shrived. “How long has he been there?” I haven't notice him until she said some thing. “Like an hour” she shrug. “He is probably waiting for some one” I look over to him he looks like he is in his 40's. “Probably let's go back to work before monster Maggie comes out hollering at us” she says. “Okay I'm finally out of this hell hole I'll be back to pick you up” Sophia says. “Okay drive safe” I respond. She gets out of work earlier today but she refuse to let me ride the bus. The man is still sitting at the table when Sophia leaves. I wonder who is he waiting for? I go back to work and before I knew it, it's my turn to clock out. “See you tomorrow” Mark calls out. “See you tomorrow” I smile. I get a text from Sophia informing me that she is stuck in traffic so I decided to go do some shopping I need a few things. I can't shake the
feeling that some one is following me. I look around but see no one I'm just paranoid thanks to Sophia. I step inside the store and shop for some cloths. The weather is getting colder and I don't have the appropriate kind of cloths. I can't believe we are in September already I'm looking forward to seeing the snow. I have never seen the snow and I can't wait to play in it. “Have a nice day” the clerk rings me out. “Thank you, you too” I smile and leave. From the corner of my eye I see the same man that was in the shop earlier. Fuck I was right some one was following me. I fight the urge to turn around I don't want to alert him. I speed up my walk and I can feel him speed up as well. I take a right turn and so does he a few seconds later. “If you want to know if some one is following you take 4 right turns and you'll know for sure” I remember my father telling me I make another right and so does he. What am I going to do? What does he want? Is he working for my father? Or his enemies? All I know is that I can't let him catch me. Who knows what can happen if he does. As soon as I make the third turn I make a run for it. I feel fear mix with adrenaline running through my veins. My lungs are burning as I breath in the cold air. I can hear his footsteps getting closer and closer to me. I push myself harder to get away from him my knees are trying to give up on me but I can't let that happen. My heart is hammering in my ears and I break into a cold sweat. The street light turns red and a crowd of people walks towards me. I run through them shoving into people with out even apologizing. I look back and I see him getting push back by the crowd. I turn the last corner and run to my job. If I can get there I'll be safe. From a far I spot Gabe standing outside talking on the phone and my heart beats even faster. “Jane” I look back and see the man getting closer. He knows my name! The voice inside of my mind is telling me to run so I do. “Gabe!” I yell. Gabe turns around to face me and I jump right into his arms dropping everything on the ground. I wrap my arms and legs around him as tight as I can. I press my face into his neck and I feel at home. I try to control my breathing as I hug the life out of Gabe. I feel safe in his arms because I know that he'd never let nothing happen to me. “Where were you?” he strokes my back trying to calm me down. I am having trouble breathing right now yet along to try to talk. “You're shaking” he tries to look at me but I refuse to let him go. I shake my head and tighten my hold on him. “Shh it's okay Muffin” he rubs me back and that's when I realize that I'm crying. “I'm going to put you down so you can tell me what happen” he slowly puts me down but I refuse to unwrap my arms. “Baby you have to tell me what happen so I can help you” he whispers. My whole body is shaking, my chest hurt from all the running, and my throat feels so dry. I look up at him with tears in my eyes “C-Can we go home please?”. He cleans my tears “Okay”. He bends down to grab my bag and I look around searching for the man but he is no where to be found. I grab Gabe's hand as he walks me to the car I don't wait for him to open the door I go straight for it. He walks to his side and gets in. “Th-Thank you” I bring my knees to my chest. “Are you going to tell me what happen now?” he ask through clench teeth. I try to remember everything that happen today. “I don't know I decided to do a little shopping and then next thing I know some one was chasing me” I say while playing with my chain. Gabe nostrils flare, his hands close around the steering wheel “Who?” his mouths quivers. “I don't know” my voice comes out shaky. All I know is that he was after me and he knew who I was but I can't tell Gabe that because then he would ask questions that I can't answer. Who ever he is or for who ever he works for they found me. I'm no longer safe and that terrifies me. “Hey,” Gabe reaches for my hand “don't cry I promise you that I'll keep you safe. I wont let no one hurt you”. I believe him I know he wouldn't let anything happen to me but I refuse to put him or Sophia in danger. His phones ring and he puts it on speaker. “Did you find her?” Sophia ask all worry. 
“Yes,” he turns to look at me “I'm taking her home now”.
“Oh thank god,” she lets out a small breath.
“Soso go straight home don't make any stops you hear me” he commands.
“What's wrong? Is she okay?” she ask.
“Yeah just go home” he hangs up.
He gives me a light squeeze “I'll protected you”. I give him a small smile to reassure him. I stare out the window the rest of the ride home lost in my thoughts. Sophia was already home when we got there. “Where were you?” she runs towards me and embrace me into a hug. My legs feel weak and I feel unsteady. It's getting harder for me to breath. I feel nauseous and lightheaded. My vision gets blurry and next thing I know everything goes black.
     “How many times do I have to tell you Jane,” my dad is furious because I left the house with out my bodyguards again “You aren't allow to go out by yourself. This isn't a game Jane”. I roll my eyes “Yeah yeah”. I hate when he gets all fatherly on me. He rubs his forehead out of frustration “Princess do you know what can happen to you if my enemies get their hands on you?”. I shake me head “Dad what do I have to do with anything? I have no part in this world of yours I just want to be a normal teen” I reply with anger. I never ask for any of this. He sits behinds his desk rubbing his temples. I hate being in his office it's so cold and empty .“Jane you don't get it. Your my daughter and they know that you're my weakness. They will use you to get to me don't you understand that? There is no saying what they can do to you.”. He reach over to grab my hand “I know that you didn't ask for this princess but by default your in it. All I want is to keep you safe”.
     “Jane, Jane,” I hear Gabe's voice “baby wake up”. His voice sounds so far away. “I'm going to call the ambulance” Sophia says. “No” I mumble. I can't go to a hospital they will find me there. I open my eyes and see a blurry Gabe staring back at me. “Jane are you okay” Sophia drops to her knees beside me and hugs me. “What happen?” I'm confuse. “You fainted” Sophia lays a hand on my forehead. “I'm fine” I try to get up but everything starts spinning. “Wow easy there” Gabe lifts me up and I rest my head on his chest. “Soso can you make her something light to eat?” he ask and she nods. He carries me to the room “I'm fine” I say to reassure him. He shakes his head and looks away. “What's wrong?” I turn his face and notice that his eyes are watery “I swear I'm fine” I smile I'm so touch of how worry he is for me. He walks to the bed and sits down with me on his laps. “Don't scare me like that ever again” he finally speaks. “I'm sorry I didn't mean to worry you” I mumble into his chest. I feel so safe in his arms I never want to leave them. He squeeze me and I let out a soft moan “You're going to break me” I try to lighten up the mood. He release me and I mentally kick me ass for saying something in the first place “Sorry”. He grabs my chin and rotates my face left and right checking for any wounds. I grab his hands “I'm fine nothing happen”. He rest his forehead against mine and lets out a small breath. I give him a small kiss on the tip of his nose. He locks eyes with me and pulls me closer to him. My heart starts to pound so loud that I'm sure he can hear it. His gaze is so intense it's driving me crazy. Occasionally he glance down to my lips and then back to my eyes. I bite down on my bottom lip trying to keep it from shaking. Gentle and slowly he lifts my chin up with his finger. He licks his lips and my eyes follow his tongue around his mouth he is killing me right now. He dips his head and very subtly and softly brush his moist lips on mine. His lips are even more softer than what I had imagine. They fit so perfectly against mines. He trace his tongue along my bottom lip and I open my mouth to invite him in. His tongue slides inside and massages mine gently. I'm so glad that I'm sitting down because I would of collapse by now. I wrap my hands around his neck to pin him closer to me. His hand cups the back of my neck while the other one wraps around my waist. His kiss is so gentle it's like he is afraid to break me. He nibbles on the bottom of my lip and it makes the hair on the back of my neck stand up. My stomach feels like I'm back on the roller coaster but I don't want to get off. Our tongues dance in a synchronizing way. I let out a moan into his mouth he taste like blueberry and coffee my favorite combination. I smell his cologne mix with what I think it's my coco hair cream. He bites down on my lip and pulls away. We both are trying to control our heavy breathing. “Jane I-,” I cover his mouth if he regrets it I don't want to know it. “You smell like coco” I tease him. He blush “Yea I sort of used your cream”. I smile and get off his lap “Where you going?” he ask. “Shower” I say with out looking back. I can't let him see how affected I am. I have kissed other guys before but nothing compares to kissing Gabe. I can still feel his lips on mine. That was intense it was intimate. That was...was...love!. Holly shit!  
                                    Chapter 25
     How did this happen? No the better question is when did it happen? One minute I hated his guts and the next I'm in love with him. I might as well dug my own grave. This is bad no this is beyond bad. Nothing good can come out of this and I know it. I wasn't looking for love when I moved here. All I wanted was my freedom and now I have more then I barging for. I guess that's why they call it falling because you don't even notice when it's happening. The bad thing is that no one is going to be there to catch me. Only because I'm in love with Gabe doesn't mean that he feels the same way. Uqh! What am I going to do? Everything is going to change because of my stupid feelings. No I can't let that happen. I'm just going to shove my feelings into a safe box and throw the key away. I can't lose Gabe over some thing so stupid like love. I hop out the shower and after I change I walk into the living room. “How are you feeling?” Sophia ask. “Better” I look around for Gabe but he is no where. I try to hide my disappointment. “Gabe got called into work” she says. Work at this time? Yeah right. I probably scared him away that's what happen. I guess it's too late everything is fucked up already. “Oh okay” I walk in to the kitchen. “Food is ready do you want to eat?” Sophia walks behind me. “Yeah please” I'm really not hungry but after she went through all that work I can't turn her down. Sophia asks me what happened and I end up telling her everything well not what happen between Gabe and I. “Holly shit Jane! What is it about you that attracts crazy men?” she ask. I wish I knew. “I have no idea,” I laugh “I'm going to bed thanks for the food it was amazing”. I barley ate but I don't have a appreciated. She gives me a hug “You're welcome and good night”. The bed feels empty and cold just how I feel inside. I reach for Jr. “At least I still got you, you love me right?”. My eyes start to get watery how pathetic am I? Crying because I miss Gabe really? I have officially become one of those clingy girls that cry over some one who doesn't love them. Snap out of it Jane this isn't you! I take some Advil because my body is killing me and I fall asleep. I feel the bed sink and some one pulling me into their arms. “Hey baby I'm back” I hear Gabe. I don't even know what time it is and I'm to tired to open my eyes to check. “I'm sorry I ran out on you Jane I just needed to clear my mind” he snuggles with me. “I probably shouldn't have this conversation while you are sleeping huh?” he kiss the back of me neck. “Night baby”. I wish I had the energy to talk to him right now but I daze back out. I wake up to Gabe snoring I know that should annoyed me but it actually calms me. I wiggle my way out of his arms and get ready for work. I sneak out of my room like a girl who is running from a one night stand. I don't want to wake him up I really don't want to talk about what happen last night so I'm going to avoid him as much as I can. “You ready?” I ask Sophia. “Yea where is Gabe? That's weird he is usually up by now” she looks over my shoulder. “He is sleeping he came back late from work” I say sarcastically. “He really was working Jane” she says. “I really don't care let's go” I push her out the door before he wakes up. It's lunch time and I know that Gabe is bound to walk through those doors any second now. “Maggie I'm going to clean the back tables” I need to get away from the doors. I start cleaning the back tables trying my best not to look back every time the door bell ring. Maybe he won't come in today. I mean after all he did run away from me yesterday. “So are you avoiding me?” I jump when I hear him. “What the fuc-” I remember that I'm at work “What the hell you scare the shit out of me”. I move away from him because when ever he is close to me my brain doesn't function right “And no I'm not why?”. I return to clean the table. “Mm really? Then why didn't you wake me up?” he sits down. Damn him for making me so nervous “You came home late from work and you look so peaceful sleeping I didn't want to wake you up” I lie. “Right,” he arched his eyebrows “I want to talk to you about something”. Oh hell no we aren't have this conversation here. I don't even want to have this conversation matter of fact. I don't want to cry in front of every one. “Alright Harry and Sally times up” Maggie calls. For the first time I'm happy to hear her voice “Jane get back to work I would hate to write you up”. Ha! Yeah right nothing will make her happier then that. “Got to go Harry” I give him a smile. “We'll talk later” he calls after me. Not if I can help it. I feel like hugging Maggie but then I think it over and I know it's a bad idea “Thanks you just save me” I say. “You're so freaking weird” she pass by me trying not to touch me. I watch Gabe leave and I feel relief at least I still have a few hours before my heart gets ripped out and smash. We get out of work and I'm dreading the idea of going home. “I can't wait for the party on Friday” Sophia beams. “What party?” I ask. “The one I told you about,” she frowns “What's wrong? You have been acting weird all day?”. Little does she know that I'm about to walk into my own death. “Oh the party” I change the subject. “I can't wait to see Jake I miss him” she went on and on about him while I prep myself for what's coming. We get to the house and thankfully Gabe isn't home. “I'm going to call Jake” Sophia walks in to her room. I should call Sammy it has been 2 weeks since I last spoke to her. I throw myself in my bed and dial her number. No answer. I call again and still no answer. That's weird she always has her phone on her. I hear the front door open and then hear Gabe's voice. Fuck I look around the room to see where I can hide. I can hide in the closet but then he will find me and I don't fit under the bed. I turn to the side and close my eyes to act like I'm sleeping. He walks in the room and I hear him lock the door. Fuck no way out that bastard! “Oh you're sleeping?” he steps closer. I try my best to stay still and to control my breathing. I feel the bed shift and then he turns me to my back “I know for a fact that you aren't sleeping because you aren't snoring”. I open my eyes “I do not snore!”. He chuckles and climbs on top of me “Now let's talk”. No no I don't want to talk I'm already humiliated as it is. “I-I have to pee” I try to move but he pins me down to the bed. “No you don't” he smirks. “Why are you avoiding me? It hurts my feelings” he pouts and I melt. Damn him why does he have to be so sexy? “I'm not avoiding you” I whisper. “Now you're not because you can't” he laughs “I want to talk about yesterday I want to clear some thing out”. Oh god I can't hear this it's going to hurt me I need to find a way out of this. Maybe if I say it first “Look Gabe I-” he leans in and gives me a kiss catching me off guard. “Shh why do you make everything so difficult?” he ask. I'm confuse so I don't talk. “Jane I don't know what these feelings are all I know is that I have never felt them before. I can't stop thinking about you, all I want to do is lay down in this bed with you. I was so scare yesterday when I went to go pick you up at work and didn't find you,” he shakes his head “I panic. I felt like my whole world crumple down and then when you flew into my arms it felt like I was breathing for the first time,” he choke out. “Seeing you so scare made me furious all I wanted to do was go after who ever made you so scare and kill him for messing with you,” he brush back my hair “I think I'm falling for you Jane”. What? I wasn't expecting that. “Well that's a first” he smirks. “What?” I tilt my head. “Seeing you speechless. Did I freak you out? Is alright if you don't feel the same way” he sits up and I jump into his back. “I have already fallen” I whisper. He falls back crushing me on to the bed. Once on top of me he turns around “Really?”. I stare into those green eyes that melt me inside “Really” his mouth crash into mines. I have never been a big fan of tongue kissing but with him I can't get enough. I run my hands up his back until I find his hair. With the tip of his tongue he caresses the top of my mouth and it makes me shiver. I wrap legs around his waist and bring him closer. I suck on his bottom lip and he lets out a small moan. God that was sexy as hell. I feel butterflies all over my body from my stomach to my toes. My heart is ready to pop out any minute now. I feel heat in the center of my core I have never felt something like this before. We both pull back to catch some air before we pass out. He licks my lips like a puppy “You taste so good”. I give him a small peck because I can't get enough of his lips “You don't taste bad yourself”. He leans back to see my face “So are we really doing this?” he ask. I trace his eyebrow with my finger “Kissing?” I try to hide my smile. He smirks and gives me a quick tap I guess I'm not the only who can't get enough. “No, me and you. Us?” he points back and forth between us. “What about us?” I tease. He looks so adorable when he is nervous I can't help myself. He drops his head and shakes it “You're going to make me say it aren't you?”. Of course I'm going to make him say it. I'm dying to hear those words from his mouth. “Do my eyes deceive me or is Gabe the ape actually blushing?” I laugh. He rolls his eyes and I drop dead even that looks sexy I'm starting to think I need help. “Jane do you-” he drops and lets out a fake snore. “Oh not this again” I roll on top of him. “Do I what?” I shake him but he lets out another snore. Okay so he wants to play I lean into him and give him a small kiss. One corner of his mouth lifts up. I kiss his cheek, then his jaw, I move to his neck. I feel his breath increasing and I peak through my eyelashes to find his green eyes starting at me. “Got you!” I yell. “That's cheating” he chuckles. “Every thing is fair in love and war” I point out. Damn did I just say love? “Mmm true” he lifts me up and kisses the corner of my mouth “Do,” kiss the other corner “You” he blows around my mouth “Want” by the time he is done asking the question I'm going to be dead! “To” he kisses my nose the butterflies are back “To” he kiss my right eye. I hold my breath this is it “Get a muffin?”. I push him back down “A muffin? Seriously?” I'm so close to chocking him. He laughs “Would you like to be my girlfriend?”. Now is his turn to suffer “Yes,” I give him a kiss “I would like that muffin now”. I jump out of bed and run towards the door forgetting it was lock. He catch up to me and lifts me up “Where do you think you're going?”
                                     Chapter 26
     “Okay stop! Stop!” I can't take no more tickling. “All you have to do is answer my question and I'll stop” he smirks. “Yes!” I yell and he stops torturing me. “Yes what?” he ask. “Yes I want to be your girlfriend” I blush on the word. “Cheez you don't have to yell” he gloats. “Jerk” I giggle and he drops his lips on me. I get the jittery feeling in my belly again and I feel electricity running through my body. I know this might sound corny but I feel like my soul wants to come out and join his. I moan into his mouth when our tongue start to slow dance. My hands immediately find his hair and his hands are all over my body. Every spot he touches me my body comes to life. I pull him in I need to feel him closer. My nipples get stiff and I swear I feel my lady parts tingling. I pull back because I need to catch a break. “You have enchanted me with your kisses” I wheeze. “Baby you enchanted me with does amber eyes as soon as you open that door” he reply. “You're such a lair” I laugh. Last time I checked we hated each other. “I swear! Why were you crying that day anyways?” he brush my hair. It seems like forever since that happen I don't even remember. “Honestly I don't remember maybe I was high after all” I sass him. “Oh you think you're funny?” he leans in and licks my lips. “What the hell are ya doing in there” Sophia knocks on the door. Gabe growls “Go away”. I laugh and push him off “Come on let's go see what she wants”.
“Can we just act like we are dead she'll go away” he mocks. I open the door to find Sophia standing there with her arms cross against her chest. “Sex hair, red cheeks, heavy breathing, if I didn't know you was a virgin I would of think ya was having sex” she nagged. Oh my god I want to die! Leave it up to Sophia to embarrass the shit out of me. It's not like I wasn't going to tell Gabe but not right now. I glance at Gabe and he is trying to fight a smile. If looks can kill then Sophia would be dead and 7 ft under ground by now. “Sorry,” she whisper to late for that “Food is ready” she walks away. I'm so mortify I can't even look at Gabe. Before I can walk away he comes up behind me and hugs me “Muffin there is nothing to be embarrass about” he kiss the side of my neck. “You don't mind?” I ask. “Nope, let's go eat” we walk to the kitchen. Sophia is beaming “So does this mean you two are together?” she ask. “Mind your damn business” Gabe scowl. “Ha!,” she throws her head back “Look who is talking about minding their own business”. I laugh at him “She got you there” I try walking away. “Oh really?” he squeeze me and I let out a small giggle. “Gross I take that as a yes” she gags. “For your information I'm officially Gabe's girlfriend” I say proudly. Sophia eyes pop out and her mouth drops up “Girlfriend? Officially? Like he ask you?”. I nod and she stands up and starts clapping “I never thought I'll see the day when my brother Gabe would make some one their girlfriend with out him even tapping it first”.  I turn to see Gabe and he is embarrass “Shut up Soso you're so annoying” he blurts out. I laugh “So I'm your first real girlfriend?” I study his face. He runs his hand through his hair “Yeah”.
“Baby there is nothing to be embarrass about” I step on my toes to kiss him. We sat down and ate dinner Sophia mocked him about having a girlfriend a little more. She is so excited that we can double date that she ended up invited Gabe to the paint party. She is nervous about introducing Gabe to Jake but she has to do it eventually. “My apartment is ready” Gabe says as we lay in bed. “Since when?” I whisper I don't want him to leave. “Since last week” he smirks. I elbow him in the ribs “So you could have been home?”.
“Yea,” he gasp “but I can't find the strength to leave your side”. I hug him “Then don't”. If it was up to me I would tie him to the bed so he wouldn't have to leave. “How about we alternate houses?” he gives me a kiss on the forehead. I wouldn't mind spending some nights at his house. “What about Sophia?” I ask. “I don't want to take her” he joked and I laugh. I don't want to leave her alone either. “How about we stay at my place when Captain Jake Sparrow stays over”. Oh my god! I bust out laughing “Captain Jake Sparrow genius”. “Thank you thank you” he chuckles “So do we have a deal?” he ask. “Deal” I nod. He lifts my head and gives me my goodnight kiss. That night like every other night I slept like a baby in his arms. I wake up with a good morning kiss from Gabe. “Now that's a good way to start my day” he says as I open my eyes. I cover my mouth and shake my head. “What's wrong?” he ask. I motion me brushing my teeth I don't care what any one says no one like a morning breath. “Oh I see,” he arched his eyebrow “I brush mines already”. He smiles and I swear I see his teeth shine like in a Colgate commercial. I throw my pillow at him and run to the bathroom. I shower and get ready for work if I go back to bed I'm going to be late for work. I walk into the kitchen where Gabe is waiting for me with my cup of coffee. Now that I think about it he has been doing this since he has been here. I wrap my arms around him “I'll take that good morning kiss now”. I step on my toes and he leans down to find my lips. He taste like coffee and toothpaste. Call me crazy but I love the taste of toothpaste. I swear these damn butterflies work around the hour. “Alright I refuse to do this every morning” Sophia voice force us to stop. “I have to get to work” Gabe gives me a quick tap that leaves me wanted more “See you at lunch time Muffin”. 
“Later handsome” I wink. He smiles and gives Sophia a kiss on the forehead. “Ewe who is Mary Poppins now?” Sophia grabs her car keys. “Aw some one is a little grumpy this morning” she flicks me the finger and we are out to work. Work is so busy today I haven't gotten a chance to get my break. “How may I help you?” I ask with out looking up. “How about you give me your number?” I instantly break into a smile. “I don't think my boyfriend would approve” I say. “Oh come on I bet I'm sexier than your boyfriend” Gabe smirks. “You're pretty hot but my boyfriend is beautiful,” I bring my hand to the side of my mouth “Just don't tell him I said that he has a thing about me calling him beautiful”. He chuckles “Well he is one lucky bastard”. I wink “Yea he is”.
“M&M alert” Liam mumbles as he walks by. “So that will be one blueberry muffin with a small regular coffee” I chant back to Gabe. “Yeah that sounds about right” he looks confuse. I tilt my head towards Maggie and he nods in understatement. I hand him his order “M&M?” he whisper. “Monster Maggie” I reply he chuckles and I wish I can fly over the counter and into his arms. “Bye baby see you later” he throws me a kiss and from the corner of my eye a see Maggie scowl at me. “So you and Gabe?” Liam ask. I inform him about my new status. “Who has bad taste now?” he tease. “I know I know I was wrong and you was right” I say. “I can't say I'm surprise I seen it coming a mile away” he answer. “You too?” I ask. It seems like every one saw it coming but Gabe and me. “Yeah before you started to work here he never came in and once you started it was like he got a job here too, I mean don't get me wrong I'm not complaining I love seeing him around he is one piece of hot ass” he winks. I laugh “Yea he is one hot mother- of- a nice lady”. He chuckles “To bad he don't play for my team”. 
“I didn't know you played any sport” I say. He wiggles his eyebrows and I understand his joke “You're bad” I push him. “Don't I know it” he snaps his fingers “but I'm glad you two finally got together ya are too cute. I'm glad he made the right choice”. I can't help but to smile I'm also glad that we both made the right choice. “You think?” I ask. “Hell yeah girl you are one hot as bitch. If there was one percent in me that wasn't gay I would definite bag you” he winks. “Well if things don't work out with Gabe maybe I'll give you a call” I joke. “If things don't work out mind if I take a swing at him” he tease. “Ha!” I laugh “not at all”. Maybe I should of gotten that guys number after all. I ended up invited Liam to the paint party. “I hope you don't mind that I invited Liam” I say to Sophia as we drive home. “Not at all he is pretty fun to hang out with” she says. We get home to find Gabe and take out waiting for us “Hey Muffin” he greets me with a kiss. “Hey handsome” I say breathless. “Mmm Chinese” Sophia pass by us I swear she is such a fat ass. “Promise me you'll be on your best behavior tomorrow” Sophia says to Gabe. “I'll try, I'm going to meet you guys over there I have a few things I have to finish up at the office” he looks at me. “That's fine you can stay all night if you have too” Sophia pours out some soda. He frowns “I don't think so I have a date with a gorgeous woman” he gives me a kiss on the cheek. “You guys are to cute” Sophia throws each of us a fortune cookie. “What does your say?” she ask. “If you want the rainbow you must put up with the rain” I read. That saying hits the nail right on the head. After everything I have been through maybe I finally found my rainbow with Gabe and Sophia.
                                     Chapter 27
     “How about this one?” Sophia ask for the 10th time. “Sofy what ever you wear will look amazing”. I walk towards her to stop her from changing again. “Okay I'll keep this dress on go change they will be here in 30”. Thanks to Sophia runway show I'm still in my towel. I decide to wear a white bandeau with a pencil skirt and my high heels. I brush my hair into a neat bun on top of my head. I add some makeup and to top it of red lipstick. I check my self out in the mirror and I approve. The skirt makes my waist look small and my ass round. My boobs look great in the bandeau so perky. I walk out and Sophia is standing there in another out fit. She is wearing a crop top showing off her belly button piercing and leggings with high heels. “Nice” she whistles “Come let's go get some paint on these outfits”. When we get downstairs Jake and Taylor are waiting for us already. “We meet again” Taylor smiles at me. “Back off she has a boyfriend” Sophia scowls at him. Even if I didn't have a boyfriend I'll tell him to back off. “I won't tell if she won't” he winks. “Well I will because he happens to be my brother” she says in a matter of fact voice. “I guess I can't buy your silent” he mock. “Shut up dick you lost your chance” Jake shouts from the front. “He never had one” I add. “Ouch that one burn fireball” Taylor laughs. I give him a sad look “You'll live put some ice on it”.
“Ice ice baby” he smiles and I roll my eyes I can't with him. Sophia and Jake are all lovey and dovey in the front. Watching them makes me miss Gabe. I send him a quick text saying that I missed him. I get a text back and I instantly open it.
            Gabe my Ape: miss u more Muffin see you soon
I break into a smile how can he have this affect on me over a text? I can't wait to see him I haven't seen him all day. “Let me guess you change your mind about me” Taylor teased. “You wish” I chuckle. “Cut it off” Jake hiss. As soon as we get into the club I spot Liam and I run to him. “You are living in that skirt!” he says. I have no idea what that means “Thanks I guess”. He spins me around as he whistles “On second thought add me to your list”. I slap him on his chest “I thought you was aiming for Gabe?”.
“Oh sweetie if he fucks up with you then he is a dumb ass and mamma didn't raise no fool” he laughs and I join him. “You are a smart nugget my friend” I say. “Hey Liam” Sophia kiss him on the cheek “Hey Sophia”. Sophia turns to Jake “This is my-” she stops not knowing how to introduce him. “Her boyfriend” Jake stretch out his hand. 5 point to Jake I think to my self. Liam eyes him up and down and then shakes his hand “Liam”. 
“Come on dude let's go to the bar” Taylor walks by with out even introducing him self. What a dick. “What do you want baby?” Jake ask. “A soda would be fine boyfriend” she said cheesing. He turns towards me “And you Jane?”.
“The same thank you” I smile. I'm not in the mood for drinking today especially since Gabe is going to around. “Come on let's go find a table” Sophia pulls us. “He is cute but he ain't no Gabe” Liam says. “I totally agree” I give him a hi 5. “Well since he is my brother I'm glad he is nothing like him” she rolls her eyes. “What ever” Liam turns to me “So where is our boyfriend?”.
“He'll be here later he had some work to finish” I say. Jake and Taylor comes back with our drinks. “I got you a beer bro” he hands it to Liam. “Well thank you” Liam says in his manly voice. Jake really is a nice guy. “Look what the wind blew in” Sophia says as we all turn to see. “M&M” Liam gasp as if he was in a horror movie. Maggie walks in with another blond on her side. “Who is that?” I ask. I have never seen her around. “That is Mitchell, Maggie's EBF” Liam says. “EBF?” I tilt my head in confusing. “Evil Bitch Friend” he says. I look back and stare at them Mitchell has long blond hair, slime body, and nice boobs. “She is pretty” I say. “My type of girl” Taylor adds. “Every girl is your type of girl” I point out. “If you guys will excuse me I have to go introduce myself” he winks and walks over to them. “What a pig” Sophia rolls her eyes. “Hey you can't blame a man for trying” Jake gives her a kiss. “He better not bring them over here I can't stand them” she says under her breath. I take a sip of my soda “So you know her?”. I always thought Sophia hated Maggie. “Unfortunately” she growled. I glance back and see them walking towards us. “Oh hell no,” Sophia turns to Jake “Would you like to say something or will I have the honor?”. Poor Jake he is stuck in the middle of all this mess. I really don't mind having them here. I know Maggie and I don't get along but I can be civil with her. “Guys this is Mitchell and of course you already know Maggie” Taylor introduces us. “Hi” Mitchell waves at us. “Hi,” I smile “I'm Jane”. Mitchell looks over to Maggie and Maggie gives her a little nod. I don't think it was meant for any of us to notice but I did. Mitchell turns to me and gives me a sneer smiles. For some reason I don't trust her or her phony smile. “Hey Sofa nice to see you again” she turns to Sophia. “It's Sophia and to bad I can't say the same” she hissed. I guess the feeling is mutual between them. “Take a seat” Taylor pulls out two chairs for them. I move closer to Liam and he grabs my hand to show support. “I didn't know you two were friends” Maggie points at us two. “Yeah we are totally BFF” Liam brings our hands in the air. “Mmm I see” she shifts in her seat. “Taylor may I have a word with you?” Jake nods his head to the side. “Sure man” he excuse himself with the evil twins. Mitchell and Maggie are whispering and eyeing me I lean into Liam “I think they are talking about me”. Sophia looks at them “Oh hell no let me go talk to Jake before I end up killing some one” she hops off the seat. “There he is I told you he was going to be here” Maggie says to Mitchell. “He gets hotter by the second” Mitchell starts fixing her self up. “How do I look?” she ask Maggie. “You look sexy” she winks at her. “Poor bastard” Liam whispers to me and I hold in a laugh. I wonder who they are talking about. My curiosity beats me and I turn around to see Gabe walking towards us. All humor leaves my face they better not be talking about Gabe. “I'm taking him home with me tonight” Mitchell pushes her boobs out of her tight dress. My breathing gets heavier as I try to control my anger. “Who are you talking about?” Liam ask the question that is on my mind. “Gabriel who else?” she snap back like if it was obvious. My hands start to shake I'm about one second away from becoming a murder. Liam laughs and I bring my index finger to my lips. “I think he saw me because he is walking towards us” Mitchell beams. Oh how I want to drag her by her pretty hair. “He is looking right at you” Maggie says. At this point I don't know which one I want to kill more the one who is trying to sleep with my boyfriend or the one that is encouraging her too. “Here he comes I'm going to act like I haven't notice him” Mitchell turns her head away from Gabe. Gabe walks towards us and smiles “Bingo” Mitchell whisper. “There you are” Gabe says and Mitchell jumps to her feet. Maggie glance back at me with a smile on her face that I would love to smack off. Gabe walks pass Mitchell with out even acknowledge her and I hear Liam choking on his beer. “Hey gorgeous” his lips finds mines and all trace of jealousy leaves my body. From the corner of my eye I see Mitchell with her mouth wide open. “Hey babe” I say when he pulls back. “Sorry I took so long” he cups my face. “Uh hum” Maggie clears her throat. “Oh sorry Maggie I didn't even notice you there” Gabe turns. I hear Liam chuckling and I shove his leg under the table. “You remember my friend Mitchell” she motions to her. “Hi” Mitchell voice comes out high. “Mm I'm sorry I don't remember but it's nice to meet you” Gabe smiles. That takes Liam overboard and he starts laughing out loud. Maggie and Mitchell both stare at him ready to attack him. Gabe walks over to Liam and pat his back “Are you alright man?”. Liam tries to control his laugh “Never been better”. Gabe wraps his arms around me from behind “Mmm you smell so good”. I lay my head on his shoulder “You're lucky I didn't see you at home” he whisper into my ear. “Why?” I manage to say. “I would of lock us both in your room” he kisses the side of my neck and I melt. “Gabe!” Sophia voice breaks our conversation. “Here goes nothing” he mumbles. Taylor walks over to the evil blonds and they leave the table. “This is Jake,” Sophia motions to Gabe “and this is my nice and kind brother Gabe” she smiles and Gabe gives her a evil look. They shake hands poor Jake I can see he is uncomfortable. “Awkward” Liam mumbles under his breath. They take a seat and I hold Gabe's hand to show him support. “So Jake,” here we go “How did you meet my sister?”. Jake looks at her and smiles “She is a regular at the shop I work. I liked her for a while now but I never had the guts to talk to her”. Sophia blush and I smile but Gabe's face is harder than a rock. “How long have you been seeing each other?” he ask. Sophia shifts in her seat “A little over a month” he answer. “Over a month?” he frowns at Sophia “And I'm just finding out why?”. Jake looks at Sophia waiting for her answer. “Because I didn't want you to scare him away” she answers annoyed. “I won't run” he holds her hand. 50 points for Jake I'm starting to like Jake more and more by the second. “So you don't think I am scary?” Gabe ask him. “Hell yeah but if I have to deal with you to date Sophia then I'm all game” Jake answer. 100 points he has officially won me over. Gabe gives a little smirk but quickly recovers “Let's go buy some drinks” Gabe says. Jake nods and gives Sophia a small kiss. “Be nice” I whisper to Gabe. “Always” he gives me a tap and walks away. “I don't know which side of Gabe I like better the all lovey dovey one or the bad ass cop” Liam blurts out. “Lovey dovey?” she ask and he fills her in.
                                     Chapter 28
     “Oh my guy!” Sophia cracks up. “I know right they were talking all this mess about him in front of his girlfriend and then to put the cherry on top he didn't even remember her” Liam laugh. “Come on guys stop it” I try not to join them. “Oh come on Jane don't tell me you didn't enjoy it?” Liam and Sophia stare at me. “Fine it was hilarious but embarrassing for them” I finally crack. “What's funny?” Jake ask as they come back. “Nothing” we all chant. “Oh come on I want to know what has my Muffin laughing up a storm” Gabe says. “You” I confess. He puts down our drinks “Me? How so?”. I jump to my feet and wrap my arms around his neck “Because you make me happy”. I kiss him and I feel his warm soft lips against mine. I nibble on his lip and his hands go around my waist. “Get a room!” Sophia yells and I pull away. “You're killing me” Gabe whisper on my lips. I'm killing myself. “So what was M&M doing here?” he ask. “Taylor” we all say at once.  “M&M?” Jake ask and we laugh. “I'll tell you later baby” Sophia gives him a kiss. Gabe looks away “Gross”. I laugh because he is such a big brother. “That's how I feel when I see you two” Sophia joke. “Well I guess we have to get use it because I have no plan on stopping” Gabe gives me a quick kiss. “I love this song lets go dance” Liam jumps up. “You guys go” Gabe and Jake agree. We walk to the dance floor and start dancing to Habits by Tove Lo. “Thanks for inviting me I'm having so much fun” Liam yells over the music. “You're welcome I'm glad I did” I hug him. Beside Sophia, Liam has become one of my best friends. “Hey what about me?” Sophia butts in and we hug her. As we dance in a circle some one shoves us and we all look back to find Maggie and Mitchell. “Excuse you” Sophia scowls at them. “We didn't see you there” Mitchell smirks. I step in front of Sophia “Let it go maybe they didn't see us here”. I lie we all know that they saw us but I'm trying to keep Sophia from hitting her. “Yeah we are classy not trashy” Liam says. “Fine,” Sophia puff “but there better not be a next time” she warns them. I feel some one arms around my waist and my hands instantly turn in to a fist. I turn around to find Gabe “Hello beautiful”. I wrap my arms around his neck “Hey that's my line”. I look over to Sophia and see her wrap up in Jake's arms. “So I guess you agree,” I motion my head towards them. “Let's say he is on trail” Gabe smiles. “Where is  Liam?” I ask. “Over there” he points to him dancing with other handsome guy. “Have I told you how unbelievable sexy you look tonight?” Gabe moves his hands to cup my ass. I start to blush “No you haven't”. I'm to turn on from him touching my ass to feel embarrass. “Well that doesn't make me a good boyfriend does it?” he frowns. “I guess not you better step up your game because I have a list waiting for me” I grin. “Oh,” he pulls back “you do?”. I nod my head “Yea and one of them is over there” I point at Liam. He gasp “I was sitting with the enemy this whole time and I didn't even know it”. I giggle “You better watch out”.
“Really?” he pulls me forwards and he dips his head. Who am I kidding there is no one on that list but Gabe. Just when our lips are going to touch I feel some thing cold on my back and I jump. “Welcome to the paint party!” the DJ says. I look up at Gabe who is cover in bright color paint and I let out a laugh. “You should see your self” he mocks. I try to wipe it off but I'm guessing I just smudged it all over. Gabe looks beyond beautiful with all the paint on his face his eyes stand out even more. “How do you make everything look sexy?” I frown. “ Funny I was going to ask you the same thing” he leans down and our lips finally meet. I start feeling the butterflies in my stomach and my heart starts pounding louder than the music. I wrap my arm around his waist and pin him to my body I need him closer. He does that thing with his tongue and my knees shake. Asshole he knows what that does to me. Some one pumps into us and I realize where we were. I turn my head to apologize maybe we was in some ones way but that jumps out the window when I notice Maggie and Mitchell standing there. I had enough of these two bimbos “What the hell is your problem?” I snap. “You are” Mitchell brings her hand to her hip. “I don't even know you” I cross my arms over my chest. “Come on Muffin I wouldn't want my date to end up in jail” Gabe grabs my upper arm. I yank my arm out of his hold he must be crazy if he thinks I'm going to walk away from these two. “Seriously Gabe?” Mitchell hissed “You'll choose that over me?”. Ha! That's her problem. “I'm sorry I don't know what you are talking about now if you would excuse us” Gabe puts his hand on the small of my back. We turn around to walk away and Mitchell grabs Gabe's arm. Alright she has cross the damn line now. I shove her hand off “Excuse me if you would be so kind not to touch my boyfriend. I have a thing about strangers touching him” I glare at her. “Boyfriend?” she arched her eyebrow. I can tell that caught her off guard and I try not laugh. “Yeah you herd right now if you would excuse me and my girlfriend” Gabe turns me around and I stick out my tongue at her. Childish yes but that's all I can do to not kill her. “Did you just stick out your tongue at her?” Gabe laughs. “Yes I did” I say proudly. “Why?” he ask. “It was either that or punching her fake barbie nose” I'm starting to regret not punching her. “Even when you are mad you're adorable” he pulls me into his arms and gives me a kiss. “So is this going to be a consent thing?” I ask. I don't know if I can handle more girls like that I might just end up in jail. “Muffin I swear to you that I have no idea what the hell just happen” he cups my face. “You're so lucky I think you're hot” I smirk. If there are more girls like Mitchell I will stand up to every single one of them if I have too. “How hot do you think I am?” he leans in. “Super hot” I whisper. He crushes his lips against mine and I feel like popping my leg up in the air but it's to cliche. God when am I going to get use to him kissing me? I hear him moan into my mouth and I pull back because I need some air. “I don't think I'll ever get tired of kissing you” Gabe takes the words right out my head. It's creepy how we think a like. “Funny I was thinking the same thing” I smile. We walk to our table and find Liam already there. “So what happen with Monster Inc?” Liam ask as Gabe leaves to buy us some drinks. “I don't even know what's their problem” I sit next to him. “There problem is that Gabe is with you and not with Mitchell” he point out. “Well Mitchell and any one else will have to get use to us because I'm not going no where” I say. He claps his hands “You go girl fight for your man”. I snap my finger “I'll stand my ground”. Sophia and Jake walk towards us as we are cracking up. “Want to go to the bathroom?” she ask. I turn to Liam “Can you let Gabe know I'm in the bathroom?”. 
“I'll let our boyfriend know” he smirks. “I think Gabe approves of Jake he just don't want to admit it” I say to Sophia. “Yeah he does he just love being the big bad brother” she laugh. “Sorry about Mitchell she has been trying to get my brother to notice her for a while now but he never gave her the time of day” she adds. So that's her problem Gabe didn't give her the time of day. “It's not your fault she is crazy” I shrug. “FYI you don't have to worry about her or any one else. Gabe is madly in love with you” she walks into the stool. He loves me? No maybe it's just a strong like but not love. We are just starting our relationship so he can't love me. I splat some cold water on my face. I look up and see that I have no paint on me “What the-”. 
“You can only see it in the dark” Sophia laugh. “That's cool” I reply. We walk back and my heart skips a beat when I lay eyes on Gabe. “There you are I was starting to worry my girlfriend had skip out on me” he says. “I can still leave” I tease. “Not with out me” he pulls me on to his lap. “I never said I was leaving with out you” I whisper into his ear. He trace the back of my spine with his finger and my little hairs stands up “I'm ready to go now”. I'm so glad that I'm sitting down right now or else I would of fallen face first. “Are you two done touching each other?” Sophia brings me back. I swear every time I'm close to Gabe he makes everything else disappear. “Shut up” Gabe says. “Okay I'm going to get a drink” Liam walks away. “Well I think it's time for us to leave” Gabe looks at his watch. “Well thanks for coming it was fun we should do it again some time” Sophia waves and I try to hide my laughter. Gabe frowns “Um no when I said us I meant the three of us” he points to both of us and then to her leaving poor Jake behind. “As if I'm not ready to leave” she rolls her eyes. “Well-” I jump in before they start arguing “how about just me and you go home?” I whisper into his ear. He shakes his head “I don't think so”. I nibble on his earlobe and he quivers “That's not playing fair” he growls. I lick the side of his neck and then I gave it a little kiss. “Fine let's go home but” he turns to see Sophia “I'll be up waiting for you”. Sophia salutes him “Yes sir Yes!”. I let out a small laugh and he glance back at me “Jake,” he turns away from me “I trust you to get her home safe and sound”. 
“Yes sir I mean yes” Jake agrees. Poor Jake he has had a rough night it's time for him and Sophia to enjoy them self. “Can we go babe I'm tired” I let out a fake yawn. “Okay” he taps my thigh for me to hop off. “I'm going to say bye to Liam” I inform him and he nods. I spot Liam at the bar talking to Mark. What the hell is everyone from work here today? “Hey Jane you look nice” Mark greets me. “Hey Mark I didn't know you was here” I give him a handshake. I don't want to give Gabe any wrong ideas he already dislike Mark for no reason. “We'll I overheard Maggie talking about it so I decide to come” he smile. Of course that's how she knew Gabe was going to be here she must of herd me inviting Liam. “Well I hope you enjoy yourself” I turn to face Liam “We're leaving do you want to catch a ride?”.
“All of you guys are leaving?” he ask. “No Sophia and Jake are staying” I say. “Then I'll catch a ride with them” he gives me a hug and I give him a kiss. “It's not safe to be out there by your self” Mark adds. Before I can even say some thing Gabe jumps in “She isn't by herself she is with me”. He wraps his arms around my waist and pins me to him. He is such a caveman some times. “Well I'm glad she has some one” Mark sips on his beer. “Ready to go baby?” Gabe asked never looking away from Mark. What the hell is that about? “Yeah” I wave goodbye to Mark and Liam.
                                    Chapter 29
     “Have I told you how beautiful you look today?” Gabe ask again as we are on our way home. “Only like 3 times” I reach for his hand. “Well at least I'm getting better” he kisses the back of my hand. I notice that his face expression changes real quick “What's wrong babe?”. 
“Maybe we should go back and get Sophia” Gabe turn on his signal to make a U turn. Of course he would be over thinking leaving Sophia. “Stop she'll be fine” I give him a little squeeze. “Yeah I'm probably over reacting” he turns off his signal. “Probably?” I throw my head back in laughter. “Fine,” he signs “I'm over reacting”. As soon as I step inside the house the first thing I take off are my high heels. I love them but they can do some serious damage to the puppies. “Now there is my shortcake” Gabe tease. Without my heels I'm back to my regular 5'2 frame. I put my hands on my hip and shift to one leg “First muffin now shortcake are you trying to call me fat?”. He wraps his arms around my waist and pulls me in “Maybe I'm calling you delicious”. He gives me a grin that I can't resist. I stand on my toes to give him a kiss but he tilts his head to the side and fakes a yawn “I'm so tired”. I know that this is pay back for what I did earlier “Asshole”. I turn to walk away but he spins me back and smash his lips into mines he taste like sprite and mint gum. He lift me up but due to my tight skirt I can't wrap my legs around his waist. He carries me to the bedroom and pulls back “I'm going to take a shower”. He is so random. I frown as he puts me back down to the ground “Don't waste the hot water”. 
“Oh Muffin I'm not planning on using the hot water” he winks. Now I understand the shower comment. He turns around and I smack his ass “Go shower perv”. I'm going to need a cold shower myself. I strip out of my cloths and throw on my bathrobe. I untie my hair and my curls spill over. I turn around to find a naked wet Gabe standing in the doorway. The only thing covering him is the towel he has around his waist. I feel like I got the wind knock out of me. Seeing water roll down Gabe's firm chest down to his packs make my mouth dry. I feel like going over there and licking him dry. “I think I need another shower” Gabe is staring at me the same way. “Um no,” I snap “it's my turn to take a cold shower”. He arches his eyebrow “I mean shower” I correct my self. As I walk pass him I smell his body wash and I take a quick glance to see his backside. God his has a perfect ass. I try taking a cold shower but that only lasted like for 5 seconds. I hop out the shower and when I got to my room I notice that Gabe wasn't there. I decided to put one of his shirt on with his boxer. For some reason I love wearing his cloths. I braid my hair to the side and go look for Gabe. I find him in the kitchen making a sandwich “You want one?”. I take a seat to admire my personal chief “No thank you”. He standing there with his square blue pajamas pants and no shirt. “Okay I don't want to catch you picking on my sandwich” he smirk. I look over to the clock and it's 1:30 am. “I like that shirt on you by the way” he adds. “This old thing,” I shrug but inside I'm doing a victory dance. “I think I should sleep in the sofa” he say. Why does he want to sleep in the sofa? We have been sleeping together almost every night. I frown “Why?”. He walks over to me and lifts the wrinkles from my forehead “Because I want to see what time Sophia gets in”. I roll my eyes out of annoyance “Seriously Gabe leave her alone she is a big girl”. I don't want to sound like I don't care about her if any thing that's why I am doing it. She is old enough to stay out and have fun with her boyfriend. “I know she is a big girl but I still worry” he says in a nasty way. That's the first time he answers me that way and I don't like it one bit now I'm the one who is angry. “Maybe you should sleep in the living room after all” I get up and walk away. My feelings are hurt but that's what I get for budding my nose where it doesn't belong. I snuggle in bed and start crying. To say the honest truth it isn't even about Gabe well not all of it at least. I'm crying because I miss my family and Sammy birthday is coming up and I won't be with her for the first time in my life. On top of that I'm still a little shook about the man I just don't want to admit it. I need to stay strong because only the strong one survives. The door opens and I hear Gabe's footstep getting closer suddenly the bed shift and he pulls me into his arms. “I'm sorry Muffin I didn't mean to sound like an asshole” he kiss my head. I snuggle against his forearm “It- it's not you” I stutter. “What is it then baby?” he stroke my hair. I wish I can tell him everything and for a quick second I think I might but I don't. It's not that I don't trust him because I do. The only reason why I don't tell him is because I want to keep him safe and that's the only way I know how too. “I just miss my family” at least that is true. “How about you go visit them? I'll come with you for support”. That is not even a option they would probably kill him and lock me back up. “That's nice of you but I don't think that is a good idea” I sniff. He turns me around “Okay Muffin what ever you want just no more crying it breaks my heart seeing you like this”. He kisses my forehead moves down to my nose and then to my lips. He takes my bottom lip in between his and I shiver. Now he taste like my tears mix with mouthwash. He swirls his tongue around my mouth and I let out a small cry. He rolls on top of me with one hand behind my neck and the other one on my hip. I feel the butterflies again but this time they are every where. He pulls back and wipes my face “I love you”. What did he just say? I probably herd wrong. “You do?” I ask surprise. “Yes I remember when I realize it too” he adds “When?” I ask curiously. I need to know when he realized he loved me. “It was the day that you got chase. I came home and you was sound asleep. You look so adorable even with all that snoring” I suck my teeth I don't snore “I was so glad that nothing happen to you all I wanted was to snuggle in bed with you and never let you go. The only reason why I freaked out was because I didn't know if you felt the same for me. That's when I realized that I, Gabriel Smith, am hopelessly in love with you, Jane Carter”. I feel sick to my stomach knowing that I'm lying to him about my name. Once he finds out where I really come from he won't love me. I stare into his green eyes and the way he is staring back at me lets me know that he is telling the truth. I brush his hair back “Well I'm in love with you too Gabe my ape”. I pull him down by his hair and brush my lips on his. The kiss starts out slow and gentle but turned into a passionate one. Our tongues dance to their own beat and the room starts spinning. I wrap my arms and legs around him. His hands slowly caress my thighs leaving a burning sensation. I feel his manhood knocking on my door and I am pretty close to letting him in. He pulls back “We should stop” he says breathless. I let out a small growl I was in the moment. I know he is right and we should stop because it's to soon to jump into that. He gives me a quick kiss “There is no rush”. Just the simple fact that he stop us makes me fall for him deeper. I know how hard it is for him to make that decision I know he wants me as much as I want him because I can feel it. “Okay” I drop my legs and arms. He lands next to me “I think I need another shower”.
“That will make both of us” I agree. He spoons me from behind and I feel his erection poking me instead of bothering me it's turning me on. He is making it so hard for me not to turn around and jump on him. My insides are crying out for him “This is so hard” I blurt out. “You're telling me” he chuckles. I turn around to face him and I study his face. “You're so beautiful” I trace his face. “You want to know something?” he kiss my finger “I'm getting use to you calling me beautiful”. I laugh “Really?”. He brings one of my legs over his “No,” he kisses my neck “I just want to hear you laugh”. I give him full access to my neck for all I care he can suck me dry. He kiss that back of my ear “Mmm coco”. My body breaks out into goosebumps all over “Gabe” I mumble and he moans in respond. “Stop torturing me” I say panting loudly. “You mean like you did at the club?” he licks the side of my neck. I try pushing him off but he pins my arms to the bed “Gabe that's not fair”. He kisses my neck all the way up until he meets my lips “Trust me it isn't fair for me either”. He rolls off the bed “Where are you going?” I sit up. “To shower” my eyes immediately fall down to his erection. “See not fair” he wiggles his eyebrows and walks away. I fall back into the pillow someone have mercy on me. I can't believe he loves me! I know I have to tell him the truth eventually but for now I'm going to enjoy the fact that he loves me and I love him. I'm going to enjoy being in love for the first time. What is taking Gabe so long in that shower? My eyes are closing on me. Gabe climbs into bed but I'm to tired to open my eyes “Good night Muffin” he gives me a quick kiss.
                                       Chapter 30
     I wake up to an empty bed that's weird maybe he got called into work. After I brush my teeth I walk into the living room and find him sleeping on the sofa. So I guess he didn't get call into work after all. That's weird yesterday everything was perfectly fine did I do something wrong? Oh my gosh what if he regrets saying he loves me? That's the only thing I can think of. I won't be able to face him if that is true I feel tears burning in the back of my eyes. I need to get out of here I need some fresh air. I walk back to the room and changed into some sweats and put a hoodie over Gabe's shirt. I put my phone inside my purse and quietly walked out the front door. I love the fall! I love watching how the tress change into different colors. The planet would be a much prettier place if the tress were like this all year around. I love feeling the fresh air hitting my face. I take out my phone and dial Sammy I need to talk to some one.
“Hello” she answer in her sleepy voice.
“Sammy!” I'm so excited to hear her voice after so long.
“Jane do you know what time it is?” I look down to my phone and it's 7:00 am. I didn't know it was this early but I don't care that's what she gets for not answering my other calls.
“Why haven't you answered my calls?” I sigh.
“I'm sorry it has been a little hectic around here” she answer.
“What's going on?” now I'm worry.
“All I know is that it must be some thing big because every one is running around like manics” she says. They are probably getting ready for a big drug deal or something else.
“Have you seen my dad?” I kick a rock.
“Barley he has been so busy lately all he does is work” she says. Poor dad with out me in the picture he has no one to distracted him.
“What's wrong prima?” she ask, I forgot how well she knows me.
“Nothing” I try to convince her. 
“Aaa nope not buying it. You don't trust me any more?” great now I hurt her feelings. 
“Of course I trust you Sam” I reassure her.
“Now let it out” she demand.
“I met some one” I whisper.
“No way!,” she shout “You did?”.
“Yeah” I laugh.
“Who is he? What is his name? How old is he? How did you guys meet? Okay from a scale of 1 to 10 how hot is he?”. 
“Breath Sammy” I giggle and I hear her gasp for some air.
“He is my room mates brother, and on then scale he is a 20” I don't want to give her to much details. I trust her but better safe than sorry. 
“Wow a 20 so what's the problem?” she ask.
“I-I think I'm in love” well I don't think I know.
“Oh my god that's great your first love!” she beams “but I still don't see the problem”.
“I don't know if he loves me,” I turn a corner I have been walking for a little while now I have no idea where I'm going.
“Jane that's ridiculous you can tell when some one is in love” she says.
“How?” I bite down on my lip.
“Easy like if he wants to be around you all the time, if he finds any excuse to touch you, if his eyes shine every time he see's you” sounds like I'm not the only one in love around here. 
“Sounds like I am not the only one in love” I say. 
“Okay I can't lie to you I am in love” I can hear her smiling.
“Oh my god! Who is he? Does tio know about him? Where did you meet?” now is my turn to ask all the questions.
“Dad knows and he approves and I'm not telling you his name you'll just have to come and meet him in person” she says. That's not going to happen because I'm never going home.
“That's so not fair” I'm annoyed.
“You didn't tell me your lover's name so therefore you can't be mad at me” she is right.
“Fine I'm happy for you” I cross the street. 
“I can't believe we both are in love at the same time!” her voice is full of excitement. Hopefully she doesn't get her heart broken by who ever she is dating. “And Jane don't worry about it if he is a smart guy then he will realize he is in love with you and if he don't then he doesn't deserve you” she add. If only it was that easy.
“Yeah you're right. I miss you Sam” I say.
“Me too are you ever coming home?” she ask. I feel a knot growing in my throat and I swallow it back down before speaking.
“Of course I have to meet this guy of yours” I lie.
“Hopefully soon” Sam voice is cracking and that's my cue.
“Have to go I'll call you soon” I try to keep it together. 
“Okay love you” I hang up before I start crying. I swear it gets harder and harder to talk to her. I walk for a little longer I'm not ready to go home just yet. I end up in front of a private investigator office. This must be a sign with everything that has been going on I forgot that I'm searching for the truth about my mother. I walk inside the office “Good morning” the black hair lady sitting in front of the desk greets me. “Hi, good morning do you guys accept walk-ins?” I ask. “Yes we do if you would please take a seat and I'll go check if Mr. Miller is available” she motions to the waiting room. “Thanks” I sit down. I try cleaning my self up I probably look like a mess. “Mr. Miller will see you now” she announced. “Thank you so much” I walk pass her. “Hi I'm David Miller” he greets me. “Hi I'm Jane” I shake his hand. “Please take a seat” he motions me. Mr. Miller is in his early 40's, he has a few white hairs but they only make him look more professional. “How may I assist you today Miss. Jane?” he sits. “I would like to find out more information about my mother” I cross my legs and play with my chain. “I can help you with that” he nods. I really hope he can help me. “How much will it coast me?” I ask. Before we keep going with this I need to know how much it's going to cost me. “Well if I take the case there is a fee to pay and then I'll charge you by the hour” he says. “How sure can I be that you'll find out what I want to know?” I have to make sure it's worth it. “I take my job very serious Miss. Jane if there is something out there you can trust me I'll find it” he says and I believe him. “Mr. Miller you have yourself a new client” I extend my arm and he shakes it. Thankfully I always carry cash on me so I was able to pay the fee. He ask me what I know about her and I told him everything. It's not much but I hope he can work with that. “If you can't reach me for any reason I give you permission to mail me anything at this address” I give him my address. “Nice doing business with you Misses. Carter” he gives me a warm smile. “The same here” I walk out and head home time to face the music. As I walk up the stairs my heart is pounding like crazy. I open the door and Gabe ambush me “Where have you been?”. He brings his arms around me and squeezes me. “I went for a walk” I say to his chest and smell him in. He stretch his arms and stares at me “At this time?”. I stand up straight and cross my arms around my chest “Why did you sleep on the sofa?” lets get this over with. He cover his face with his hands and let out a small growl “Because I was waiting for Sophia to get home”. My shoulders drop as I let out a breath “Oh really?”. I walk to her room and open the door to find it empty “She probably stayed at Jake's” I pull out my phone and send her a message. “Why did you go out for a walk so early?” Gabe is staring at me. “I-I thought you changed your mind about us” I avoid his stare. I guess he isn't the only one who jumps to conclusions. He walks towards me and lifts my chin up “I can't change my mind about you because you are here” he place my hand over his heart. I smile and put his hand over my heart “And so are you”. He pulls me towards him “Silly woman”. He leans down to kiss me and I run my hands up his back. “I love you” he says on my lips and I smile. It feels so good to know that he doesn't regret saying those words to me. “I love you too”. I hear his stomach growl “I'll make some thing to eat” I say. As I walk pass him he slaps me on the ass “That's for leaving this morning” he said with a smirk. I usually don't like getting smack on my ass but with Gabe it's a different story. “Maybe I should do it more often” I wink. His face drops “Don't play with me Muffin”. His eyes are burning with desire I blow him a kiss and walk to the kitchen. A few minutes later my phone rings and it's Sophia.
“Sophia,” I answer “Gabe is beyond furious” I turn to see where Gabe is at. 
“I know I know,” she says “How mad is he?”.
“Mad mad like a pit bull chasing the neighbor's cat that has been teasing him all week” I add blueberries on the pancake mix. 
“I didn't mean to stay the night,” she sounds nervous “put him on the phone”.
“Baby” I yell. “Yeah Muffin” he yells back from the bathroom. “Sophia wants to talk to you” the bathroom door opens. 
“Good luck” I whisper to Sophia she is going to need it. I hand him the phone. “Sophia” he answer with a serious tone. “Why didn't you call or even text?” he ask. “Well he should of brought you home like I told him in the first place” he runs his hands through his hair. I walk over to him and kiss his chest to calm him down. “He just lost the few points he won last night” he shakes his head at me as I kiss his neck. I travel to his Adam apple all the way up to his chin and he shivers underneath me. “N-No” he says. I stand on my toes and kissed the corner of his mouth “W-what?” he ask as he stares at me. I kiss his other corner “We-We'll talk when you get home I'm sort of distracted right now” he hangs up. I try walking away but he lifts me up onto the table “That's not going to help her”. I shrug “I don't know what you are talking about”. He settles in between my legs “Baby you can't pull one on me”. He licks my bottom lip and it sends chills all over my body. I pull him by his shirt and nibble on his lip. He lets out a small moan into my mouth that cause me to moan back. He rest his forehead on mine “What am I going to do with you?”. Oh I can think of a few things he can do to me. “Love me” I suggest. “Exactly” he gives me a quick kiss and puts me back on the floor. I slap him on his ass and start on breakfast. Sophia gets home just in time for breakfast and Gabe gives her a long lecture on spending the night over some ones house she just met. They get into a little argument like always but quickly make up Sophia begs Gabe to give Jake another chance and after a few kisses from me he agree on going to the movies for a double date. “You know we haven't been on a official date just the two of us” he says as we drive back home. “You're right we haven't” I reply. “How about we go out tomorrow on our first real date?” he ask. “Okay where are you taking me?” I beam. “I don't know is there any where or any thing you would like to do?”. Honestly I'm fine staying home snuggling with him all day. “Mmm,” I pretend to think “surprise me”.
“Surprise I will” he smirks.
                                      Chapter 31
     “What should I wear?” I ask Gabe. He still hasn't told me where we are going for our first date. “Dress comfortable” he shouts from the living room. Well I guess high heels are out the picture. I decide to wear a black long sleeve shirt with a pair of jeans. “You should tie your hair” he adds. “Why?” I brush my hair into a pony tail. “Just to be sure” he smirks. “Okay, I'm ready let's go” I pull him to the door. I'm so excited to go where ever the heck we are going. “Have fun you two” Sophia calls after us. “Where are we going?” I ask for the one million time. “You'll see we are almost there you are so impenitence” he grabs my hand. I pout and give him my best tell me now look. “I swear just a few more minutes” he smiles. “Fine” I give up this man is impossible to convince. We finally pull in to a parking lot “Okay from here we have to walk but I'm going to cover your eyes”.
“Oh come on that's ridiculous” I roll my eyes. He covers my eyes “I can't see anything”. I hear him laugh “That's the point”. We walk a little farther and then he stops “Are you ready?”. I jump up and down “I been”.
“1-2-2-2” he repeats. “Hurry up!” he is driving me crazy. “3” he finally removes his hands. “Tada!” we are standing in front of a zoo. “The zoo?” I turn to ask him. “Yea I figure you never been to one so Tada!” he spreads his arms. “You're right,” I grab his hand feeling excited “let's go”. 
“Look at that giraffe” I point as we walk by them. “Do you want to feed them?” he ask. My eyes go big “Can we?”.
“Yeah come on” he drags me to buy some giraffe food. I'm so nervous now that we are up close I start to think this was a bad idea. “I don't know about this” I say to Gabe as I pull back. “Come on Muffin. How about I feed him first and then you go?” he drags me towards them. “No how about we do it together” I say. I'm not sure I can do it by myself. “Okay” he wraps one hand around my waist as he grabs my hand as we take baby steps. My heart starts to race and my knees start to wobble. “Wait wait!” I stop moving. “Relax Muffin” he kiss the side of my neck and I breath in and out. “Okay ready” I grab his jean with one hand while he extends our arm to feed the giraffe. The giraffe drops his head and wraps his long tongue around the leaves and eats it. Gabe places our hands on the giraffe and we start stroking it. “He is hairy and bumpy” I say like a 5 year old. “See Muffin nothing to be afraid of” he lets go of my hand “now you feed him”. I grab the branch and stretch my arm the giraffe tongue brushes my fingers and I make a face. “Jane,” I look at Gabe and he takes a picture. I pet the giraffe one last time before I walk away. “I think I found a new favorite animal” I wrap my arms around Gabe's waist and kiss his chest. “Oh really?” he looks down to me. “No,” I laugh “you're still my favorite”. He leans down and gives me a kiss “Come on there is more to see”. We walk around seeing all the different animals I even got to hold a small monkey and it climb all over me. I'm so thankful I listen to Gabe about my hair. Gabe acted like an ape when we pass by them and I took pictures. “Thank you for today it was so much fun” I lean over to give him a kiss. “You're welcome” he smiles. “You know what,” I shift in my seat to stare at him “you're actually an awesome boyfriend”. He lets out a small chuckle “I aim to please”. We spend the rest of the day snuggling and watching movies. I can't believe that Gabe and I have been dating for a month now. All I can say it's that it has been the best month of my life. Every date we go on is different and better than the last. I'm even more in love with Gabe if that is even possible. Today we are celebrating our one month anniversary and he is actually cooking dinner for us at his place. “I can't find nothing to wear!” I say frustrated. “Don't wear anything I bet he'll like that” Sophia walks in the room. “Not helping” I roll my eyes. “Sorry” she walks to my closet and starts searching. Everything in my closet goes flying around until it hits my floor “Bingo!” she pulls out a backless blue dress “now go shower and shave every where you'll thank me later”. 
“You better clean that mess” I hit the shower and shave like my life depended on it. I find the dress and a pair of lace underwear on my bed. Okay now she is out of control picking out my underwear. I put lotion on and started to change. I check myself out in the mirror the dress fits perfect on my body it highlights all my curves. My back is completely expose the only thing that the dress covers up is my ass. Of course there is no room for a bra in this dress. The dress comes to a stop just above my knees. “Sophia!” I yell for her. She comes running “You rang”. I hand her the bottle of lotion “Can you put some on my back? I can't reach”. I need to be baby skin soft all over. “Wow you look amazing do I know how to pick them or what?” she ask. I got to admit she knows what she is doing. “You don't think it's to much?” I look at the mirror again. “Hell no trust me this is just right” she slaps my ass. What is it with the Smith and my ass? I do my make up and brush my hair in to a high ponytail. I put on my earrings and my heels. The door bell rings and my nervous start back up. Get a hold of yourself Jane it's just Gabe. I put on my pea coat to cover my dress and spry some perfume. “Your date is here” Sophia yells and I walk out the room. My jaw drops as I take in the perfection that is Gabe. He is looking sexier than I have ever seen him. He is wearing a long black sleeve button up shirt that hugs his muscles and dark jeans. His dark hair is actually comb back and his eyes are brighter than life. “Ewk! Close your mouth Jane you are drooling all over the floor” Sophia tease “You too Gabe”.
“Hey Muffin” he walks towards me. “Hi handsome” I feel like a total dumb ass for being nervous. “This are for you” he hands me a dozen blue roses. “They are beautiful” I smell them and they smell even better. He knows I love roses and the color blue. I have no idea how he got them. “Ready to go?” he ask. I hand Sophia the roses and grab my purse “Ready”. Sophia grabs the roses and walks to the kitchen. “Are you okay Muffin?” he ask as we get in the car. “Yea I just feel a little nervous” I admit. He reach for my hand “To tell you the truth I'm a little nervous myself”. I let out a laugh “That's silly it's just us”. He gives the back of my hand a kiss and my body instantly relax “Just us”. By the time we get to his house we were both back to our regular self. “Okay close your eye” he says as we stand outside his door. I'm so use to his surprises I just go with the flow. “Okay” I close them. He opens the door and I peak “Eyes close!” he says. I close them back up and I hear him moving around in the apartment. “I don't know how much longer I can keep my eyes close” I say from the doorway. “Just a second” he calls out. I feel his arms around my waist “Open them”. The house smells like a combination of food and candles I open my eyes and see a table in the middle of the dinning room. The table is cover in a white cloth and there are lit candles in the middle. On the floor around the table there are blue and white rose petals shape into a heart. “Wow” I blurt out. “Thanks that's what I was aiming for” he says. Where have I herd that before? “This is amazing Gabe” I say as I scan the place. “Only the best for my Muffin” he kissed my cheek. We walk towards the table “May I take your coat madam” he says. “You may” I unbutton my coat and slowly slide it off. I hear him gasp as I expose my dress. He isn't the only one that aims to please. “Damn baby you're hot!” he takes my coat. “Thank you,” I blush “You look extremely handsome”. He pulls out the chair “Madam”. I take a seat and he leans in “You are one gorgeous woman”. He gives me a quick tap on the lips “Let's eat before the food gets cold”.
                                  Chapter 32
     He comes back with two plates of chicken Alfredo and a bottle of red wine. “This look delicious” my mouth gets watery as I see the food. “You look delicious” he puts down our plate. “Thanks” I blush. He pours us some wine and I quickly take a sip to calm my self down. “Good wine” I say. “Wait until you taste the food” he smirks. I taste the food and my eyes roll back. I let out a small moan as I swallow it. “I think I just experienced my first food orgasm” I blurt out and Gabe laughs. “You could cook all this time and didn't tell me?” I ask annoyed. “Yeah” he smiles. “Why?” I take another bite. This is really good I can't believe he actually cooked this. “Because once you found out about my talent you would stop cooking for me and make me do all the cooking” he says. He is so right now that I have taste his food he is definitely cooking. I continue to eat and notice that he hasn't touch his food “What's wrong? You not hungry?” I ask. “Oh I'm hungry but not food wise” the lighting of the candle make his smirk look evil. I take a drink to help me with my dry throat. “How am I suppose to eat while you sit across from me looking so sexy?” he ask. “Mmm am I distracting you Mr. Smith?” I cross my legs and bring my wine for a sip. “You have no idea especially since you aren't wearing a bra” he adds and I blush. “This dress wasn't meant for a bra” I flirt the wine must be getting to me because I'm feeling brave. “Maybe I should write a letter thanking whom ever design that dress” he licks his lips. The sight of his tongue makes me shiver. “Thank you for the food it was delicious” I thank him after we finish eating. “You're welcome Muffin” he cleans the table. “Need any help?” I reach out but he shakes his head “Nope I got it”. Who would have ever thought that underneath his asshole ways he is really the best boyfriend ever. “Ready for your gift?” he ask once he is done cleaning. “Another gift? I thought you cooking dinner was my gift” I reach for the wine. “That was part one now this is part two so close your eyes” he smiles. “Again?” I ask with amusement. “Again now close them,” I close my eyes “now put your hands out”. I do as he said and he place a small box into my hand. I open my eyes and look down to the small jewelry box in my hand. Holly shit! This better not be what I think it is because I'm not ready. Yes I do love Gabe with all my heart but this is a big step. We have only been dating for a month for crying out loud. “Umm Gabe do you think this is the right time?” I ask avoiding looking at him. He laughs “Open it Muffin”. I swallow and nervously open the box. I was so relief when I saw a bracelet instead of a ring. “Ouch! I don't know if I should be offended” Gabe grabs his chest. “No, baby” I snap “it's no-”.
“I'm just kidding it's to soon for that” he laughs. I look back at the bracelet that is made of white gold and it has butterflies charms around it. “Since you never take off your necklace I figure you like butterflies” he shrugs. Tears start building up on the back of my eyes “It's beautiful”. I take out the bracket and hand it to him “Can you put it on for me?”.
“Of course” he takes my wrist and wraps the bracelet around it. He place a soft kiss in the inside of my wrist before letting  go. “I love it” I say. I observe the bracelet and notice that one butterfly has green but not just any green his eye color green. Which has become my favorite color well one of mt favorite colors. He put so much thought into this gift that it warms my heart. “I'm glad you love it Muffin” he smiles. “My turn” I open my purse and hand him an envelope “Happy anniversary handsome”. He reaches for the envelope “What's this?” he ask. I'm so excited for him to open it “Just open it” I say a little to loud. He opens the envelope and his eyes pop out when he takes out the two tickets. “VIP pass for the whole basketball session” I blurt out with excitement. “What! No way!” he face lights up when he reads them. “This is the best gift ever!” he reach for my hand and kisses the back of it “Thank you Muffin”. Boys and their sports. “You're very welcome” I smile. He gets up and walks over to the stereo to play music. “Would you honor me with a dance?” he holds out his hand. I love it when he talks like an old gentleman. “You may” I place my hand inside of his. He place a hand on my small back and pulls me in “You smell good as always”. I wrap my arms around his neck “So do you” he smells like after shave and that cologne that I love. He slowly strokes my back and that simple contact does things to my body “Your skin is so soft like silk”. He spins me around so my back is to him and he kisses the side of my neck I tilt my head to give him more access. I close my eyes and enjoy his lips on my skin. He spins me back around and I lose my step “It's okay I got you” he chuckles. I tilt me head and thanks to my heel we are on the same eye level. “Thank you for the tickets” he thanks me again. I run my hands up his hair “You're welcome and thank you for my bracelet”. He pulls me in and our mouth collide into one. I grab a fist full of hair and pin him to my body while he runs his hand up and down my back. A small moan escapes my mouth and my knees go weak as our tongues are exploring. He nibbles on my bottom lip and I throw my head back enjoying it. He cups my face “This dress is driving me crazy”.
“How crazy?” I ask out of breath. I know this is a dangerous game I'm playing but I am all in for it. He shifts his waist against me and I feel his erection through his pants. “Is that another gift for me?” I arch my eyebrow. “This is all yours when ever you want it” he grins. I'm tired of only making out with him don't get me wrong lately our make out sessions has been steamy but he always puts a stop to it. That's the thing I love about him he has never once try to pressure me into doing anything I don't want. The question here is am I ready? Yes! My body screams. I can't think of a better person to give my body to he already owns my soul and heart. Even if this don't work out in the future I would never regret giving him my virginity. I hook my finger around his jean loop and pull him towards me “When ever?”. He wraps his arms around my waist “Don't play with me Muffin”. My body aches for his touch in places I didn't even know could ache. “Who said I was playing?” I finally get the courage to say. He lifts me up and I wrap my legs around his waist “Oh it's on”.
                                       Chapter 33
     He walks towards his bed and lays me down. The butterflies in my stomach are having a dance off. He brushes my cheek with his thumb and stares into my eyes “I love you”. I stare back “I love you too”. He slowly comes in for a kiss but he quickly pulls away. I pout missing his lips on mine. He kiss the corner of my mouth and I hold in my breath. He kisses the other corner and then moves to my cheek. I feel his eyelashes brushing against my skin and sends chills through out my body. He moves up and nibbles on my earlobe and my body brakes out in to goosebumps all over. Each and every time he does that my body reacts the same. He runs his nose down my neck “Mmm” he hums. I'm completely paralyze just waiting for his next move. He licks the side of my neck and then blows on it. I feel a tingle down my spine that makes me shiver. He stares at me “You can stop me at any moment”. Is he kidding me right now. “Okay” I pin him back to me because I have no intention of stopping him. I suck on his lip while I stroke his back. I tilt my head as he start kissing the side of my neck all the way to my shoulder. As he kisses my shoulder he peels the dress off. He repeats the same process on the other shoulder. My nipples go hard crying out for his attention. I want his hands and mouth on them. He pulls down the dress and my breast spill all over the place. “Just how I remember them” he cups my breast. I moan as I arch my body towards his. He squeeze my boobs together and runs his tongue in between them. I bite down on my lip trying to keep my moan in. He looks up threw his eyelashes and winks. Oh he is enjoying this. He licks around my areola and the anticipation of his mouth on my nipple is arousing me even more. I feel his warm breath on my nipple and just when I think I can't take any more I feel his tongue caressing my nipple. I throw my head back as  I moan out of stratification. He takes my breast into his mouth and starts sucking on it. I grab a handful of his sheets as my body moves underneath him. Oh god who would of thought that having your boob suck would turn me on so much. He moves his tongue around my nipple and I tug on his hair to keep him in place. He cups the other breast and gently rubs my nipple between his thumb and index finger. I have never been so turn on in my life. I cry out moving my hips as he tortures my nipples. I feel so wet I just hope I don't wet the sheets. My center is being for attention but I don't know what to do. He lets go of my breast and moves on to the other one. I pull him up to me because I need to feel his mouth on mines. The kiss comes out needy just like I feel. I push him off. “What's wrong?” he ask. “Take your shirt off now” I say breathless. I need to feel his skin. He slowly start to unbutton his shirt as his eyes roam all over my body. He is going to slow for my liking I sit up and rip his shirt off. All his buttons go flying every where. “I thought Tarzan was the wild one not Jane” he mocks. I push his shirt over his shoulder and run my hands through his muscles. His skin is so soft but his muscles are so tight. God I will never get tired of seeing his bare body. I run my tongue across his tattoo and I feel him go stiff. I pull him down to me and flip him over “Wow there cowgirl”. I kiss the side of his neck and move to his Adams apple. I make my way down the middle of his chest until I reach his 6 pack. I kiss every single one of them and then slide my tongue up his ribs and he gasp. I move down and find his perfect V cut. “Now this is fucking sexy” I say as I trace it with my finger. I look up and find his green eyes burning with desire waiting for my next move. I stick out my tongue and lower my head never breaking eye contact. I'm going to lick his V from start to finish. He pulls me up and devours my lips next thing I know I'm on my back again while he pulls off my dress. He takes off my shoes and I bring him back up to me. I try to unbuckle his pants but my shaky hands don't allow me. “Ugh” I let out a growl and Gabe laughs. “I got it. I actually like these pants”. He stands up to take them off but leaves his boxers on. He lays back on top of me and he settles in between my legs. “You're fucking beautiful” he rocks into me and I feel his cock poking me it's driving me crazy. “Gabe” I wimp. He strokes my inner thigh with his fingers and it's getting harder for me to breath. “Relax Muffin” he leans in and kisses me. He trace the rim of my underwear and I moan. What is he waiting for?  I need him to touch me there. “Can I take them off?” he ask. “Yes” I blurt out. I'm so nervous but I want him no I need him. He gives me a small kiss and then starts leaving a trail of kisses down my body. With each kiss he gives me it gets harder for me to breath. He stops at my belly button and then slowly slides off my underwear. He starts kissing the inside of my thighs and I start to panic. He isn't thinking of doing what I think he is right? Even tho it feels so damn good to have his lips on me down there I don't think I'm ready for all that. As I feel his lips next to my girl I quickly close my legs crushing Gabe's head “Ouch!”. He pushes my legs open to release his head. “I'm so sorry” I begin to laugh not because it's funny but because I'm freaking out. “What's wrong?” he slides up tracing my body with his nose. “I don't think I'm ready for that” I wheeze out. “Okay we can do that another time but just to make it clear you have an amazing pink delicious muffin I have ever seen”. I blush I don't know if I should thank him or ask him how many other muffins he has seen. I don't want to think about him and other girls. He crash his lips into mines as he push my legs open. I wrap my arms around his neck as he takes my breath away. He brushes my folds with his fingers and I swear I almost die. His rough fingers feel so good. I widen my legs to let him explore me. He runs his finger up and down “You're so wet”. I can't even speak right now all I can focus is on the pleasure his fingers are giving me. He slides one finger inside me and I feel little pressure. “Oh god” I cry as I move. Gabe places his thumb on my clit and start drawing small circles. I throw my head back with a long moan as I grab a handful of the sheets. Fuck it feels so good. I don't know if I want to push away from him or get closer. “Mmm so tight” he nibbles on my neck and speeds up his thumbs. My hips start moving on their own to the rhythm of his hand. “Oh god Gabe” my breath increases as something inside me is building up. My toes curls and I squeal “G-Gabe” I cry. I'm losing my mind I feel like I need to explode. “Let it go Muffin” and with that I go over board. My body brakes out into goosebumps, I feel tingles from head to toe, and I feel lighter than I have ever felt. “Oh god” I say as I finally catch my breath. “Nope just Gabe” he kiss my forehead “and that's just a preview of what is coming”. He reaches for a condom “Ready?”. Hell yeah I'm so ready “Yeah”. He pulls down his boxer and his penis springs out. “Holly shit” I blurt out he is big. I don't think I'm as ready as I thought. “Yeah I'm kind of gifted” he shrugs. Kind of? That's a huge gift but it's beautiful just like the rest of him. “It don't bite I swear” he jokes. “Can I pet it?” I raise my eyebrow. He walks towards me and I wrap my hands around him. “Mmm” he moans. I move my hand up and down and he gets harder by the second if that's even possible. “Good boy” I whisper. He feels so good in my hands all I want to do is squeeze him. “Okay that's enough” he pulls back and pushes me back down. “Okay Muffin I'm going to go really slow you have to let me know if I'm hurting you or if you want me to stop” he rolls on the condom. He opens my legs and slides in a finger “Damn all that by playing with my boy?”. I blush “What can I say he is a good boy”. He settles in between my legs and his tips brushes my fold. Oh god I thought his fingers felt good. He slowly pushes his tip inside me and I feel pressure. Holly shit! I freeze it hurts like a lot. “Breath baby breath” he stops. The fact that his penis is inside me makes me want him even more. “Are you okay?” he ask concerned. “Yes” I brush his hair back. He kisses my palm “Okay”. He lift my head and bites on my bottom lip. He runs his tongue inside my mouth and I moan. He push himself inside me and I feel more pain. I cry out into his mouth and he pinches my nipple. I roll my eyes out of pleasure. He pushes a little father and I feel like he is tearing me inside. “I know it hurts Muffin” he whispers into my mouth. Fuck no one ever tells you how much the first time really hurts. I bite down on his lip as he continues to move inside me. Seriously it's like it never ends. I want him to stop but at the same time I need him to keep going. I swear I hear something pop down there and I finally taste blood. I let go of his lip that it's now swollen “I'm sorry”. I didn't even realize how hard I was biting him I was concentrate on the pain. “It's okay Muffin” he wipes of the blood “are you okay?”. He runs his thumb under my eye. I don't know when it happen but I started to tear. I take in a big breath “Don't move give me a chance to get use to you”. He hold my hands and we interlock our fingers “Ready when you are”. He leans down and kisses me very gentle so gentle that I feel like crying. He thrust inside of me very slowly and I feel a mix of pain and pleasure. I leave his mouth to gasp for some air. He sucks on my breast as he continues to thrust inside me gentle. I cry out because it feels so good. There is no more pain just pleasure. My hips start moving with his hips “That's it baby rock with me”. I wrap my legs around him and we start moving as one. “Oh my god baby” I squeeze his hands. “Faster faster” I beg. My muscles begin to tighten as he moves faster. Our body cover with sweat start sliding against each other. Some thing inside of me starts building up again but I don't know how to reach that point. “Come on Muffin” I feel his hot breath on my ear. The tingly sensation starts back up again. I stop moving and pin him to me as he grinds inside of me poking me right on the spot. I push back as I bring him closer into me. Oh god I think I'm going to pee. “I-I have to use the bathroom”. He chuckles “No baby just let it go” he thrust inside of me. I scratch his back as he pushes me over the limit. “Oh my god!” I shout. My body breaks out into goosebumps and I curl my toes as butterflies are release all over my body. This time felt so much better than last time. I start to quiver and I feel him stiffen “Fuck” he growls. He drops his body on top of me “Are you okay?” he ask in between breath. I wipe the sweat of his forehead “More than okay”. He lays down on me for a while as I play with his hair. “That was the best gift ever” he says and I laugh “Even better than the tickets?” I ask. “That was an awesome gift but this one was priceless,” he pulls out “I'm going to the bathroom” he gives me a quick kiss and walks away. I stare at his bare ass “Pervert” he yells. I can't believe I just lost my virginity. Yeah it was painful as fuck but after the pain was gone it was all pleasure it was mind blowing. It was the best experience and I'm so thankful that I waited so long for the right person and even more glad that the right person turned out to be Gabe. I roll to my side and I feel sore but I like the pain. I feel like I was at the gym all day yesterday. Gabe walks in with a wet towel on his hand. “What's the towel for?” I ask. “To clean you” he pulls back the sheets. I grab the sheets from him “I can do that,” I take the towel “turn around”. There is no way I am going to let him clean me down there. “Are you kidding me?” he ask annoyed. “Please” I pout. He turns around “You have to get use to me seeing you naked because I'm planning to keep you out of cloths”. I clean my self and the warm towel feels great on my sensitive skin. I throw the towel aside “All done”. He lays down and wraps me into his arms “Matter of fact that's a new rule in my house. No clothing allow”. I snuggle on his chest “Oh really?” I laugh. “Yes starting right now” he kisses my forehead. It's funny how there was a time that him kissing me on my forehead would annoyed me but now it's some thing so normal. “I guess this is a bad time to tell you I invited Liam over for dinner” I try holding in my laughter. “Seriously?” he tilts my head back and I bust out laughing. “No but when he finds out about this rule of yours I have a feeling he is going to drop by unannounced”. I can just imagine Liam reaction to seeing Gabe naked. He would probably get a heart attack right there on the spot. “Yeah maybe that's not such a good idea” Gabe smirks.  
                                       Chapter 34
     “How are you feeling?” Gabe brushes my hair back. “Sore but other than that pretty fucking amazing” I squeeze him I can't get enough of him. “You look pretty fucking amazing” he lifts up the sheet to look at my naked body. I start feeling all warm inside. “No, no, no lover boy” I smack his hand. “Lover boy? I like” he wiggles his eyebrows. I let out a yawn “You should get some rest Muffin” he tucks me in around him. I kiss his chest “You know when I moved down here I never thought that I would find love” I admit. “And then I came around and it was love at first sight” he says. “Ha!” I laugh “I would not call what I felt love although I must admit I did think you was the most beautiful person I had ever seen” I close my eyes as I find his heartbeat. “I'm beyond beautiful” he says. I pinch him on his side he such a conceited bastard. “Hey you said it I'm just agreeing” he laughs. “You're something else” I kiss his neck. He strokes my back as I rest my head on his chest again. “Have you ever been in love?” I ask. “Nope, remember I never had a girlfriend before you” he says. “So you were a virgin?” I ask. That's hard to believe after what he did to me there is no way he can be a virgin. “No,” he chuckles “I have been with other women but no relationship”. I already knew he was a player come on with the way he looks there is no way he wouldn't be getting any. I gasp “Aha I true player after all”. He lets out a small laugh “No never a player I like to think of myself as a extra friendly person”. I quickly sit up and look back at him “Extra friendly my ass”. He smirks “I'm just messing with you Muffin” he brings me back down to him. “I never had a girlfriend because I didn't want one so I just had friends with benefits”. I draw small circles around his chest “What change?” I rest my chin on his chest. “Well I met this girl she is amazing, drop dead gorgeous, funny, fucking hot body” he kiss the tip of my nose “and she has these amazing amber eyes that drives me crazy”. I smile and drop me head “She sounds out of your league”. He strokes my cheek “Yeah she is”. My heart skips a beat if he only knew that I'm the lucky one to have found some one like him. “How many kids do you want?” I ask. “Honestly I have never thought of having kids” he shrugs. “Really?” I look up. “Nope I'm always so busy at work I never thought about having a family but to tell you the truth now I wouldn't mind having little babies with amber eyes driving me crazy” he flash me his killer smile. “You want to have babies with me?” my chest hurts. “If it's not with you than with who?” he says and I smile like a complete retard. “You're crazy” I kiss his chest. “Yeah about you” he adds. “There is just one problem” I run my hand down his chest. “What?” he frowns. “I want green eyes ape babies with dark hair driving me crazy” I wiggle my nose. “Oh you do?” he slides me up his body. I feel his cock starting to raise again. “Not now tho” I add fast. “That's fine with me I'm not ready to share you just yet” he takes my lip into his mouth. “But we can practice” I take his bottom lip in between mines. He moans and I feel his cock poking me “Some one wants to play” I tease. “Let's teach him a few tricks” he flips me over. 
  **********************************************************
The smell of coffee and bacon wakes me up in the morning. I stretch my body and I feel sore all over. It just reminds me of our second round and I can still feel him inside me. Now I understand why Sophia is always in a good mood after she has mind blowing sex. I'm so glad she isn't here to tease me although I know sooner or later I have to deal with her. Morning hair combine with mind blowing sex hair is not a good look for me. After I brush my hair and my teeth I follow the beacon smell. “I got sunshine on a cloudy day when it's cold outside I got the month of May” Gabe is singing with his back towards me. “I guess you'd say what can make me feel this way?”. I quickly tip toe my way to the table trying not to interrupt him. I have never herd Gabe sing and surprise surprise he sounds perfect. “My girl my girl talkin' about my girl” he turns around and notices me staring at him. “Oh hey Muffin” he blush and quickly turns back around. I walk over to him and wrap my arms around his waist “Morning handsome” I kiss him on his bare back. He turns around and wraps his arms around me “Good morning Muffin” he leans down and gives me a kiss. “You better watch out a girl can get use to amazing sex, breakfast in the morning, and my personal singer” I tease. “You herd me sing?” he blush again. “Uh huh” I mumble “You look so beautiful I mean sexy when you blush” I cup his ass. He runs his hand up my thigh and cups my bare ass “Fuck Jane you aren't wearing nothing underneath?”. I lick his lips “Nope”. He leans down and brush his lips against mine. His moist lips makes my lady parts tingle. He runs his hand up my bare back and than cups my boobs. I moan into his mouth as my knees go weak. All of a sudden the fire alarm goes on and we both jump. “Oh shit! The pancake!” Gabe let's go of me. Gabe turns off the stove and turns around holding a burnt black pancake. I bust out laughing “Oh my god!”. Gabe joins me with his own laughter. “Since this is your fault this bad boy belongs to you” Gabe joke. I pout and flutter my eyelashes “Is there anything I can do to change your mind?”. I slowly start rolling my shirt up my thigh and his eyes follow my every move. “I-I” he clears his throat “I think I can do something about it”. I grind my body on his “Oh really?”. There is a knock on the door “Fuck me” Gabe growls. “That's what I'm trying to do” I wink at him. “Can you get that I need to use the bathroom” he walks away as I laugh.
                                     Chapter 35
      I open the door “Holly shit” the blond guy standing there says. He checks me out from head to toe and I do the same. He is about Gabe's height, light blue eyes that reminds me of the ocean, blond hair that is medium length, and of course he is also built like an athlete. “Hi I'm Logan I love long walks on the beach, my sign is Leo, I love twilight the books and the movies, and you are?” he smirks. “Taken ass face” Gabe wraps his arms around me. “G my man” Logan looks at him and then back at me. “Jane this is my soon to be dead best friend Logan, this is my girlfriend Jane” we move to the side to let him pass. So this is the famous Logan I have herd of him but never actually met him. Gabe talks about him all the time and so does Sophia. We shake hands “Now I see why you so obsessed with her you wasn't kidding when you said she was fucking hot” he extend his hand and I shake it. I smile at Gabe as he just shakes his head at me. I let go of Logan's hand “Long walks on the beach? You know we live in New York right?” I tease. “Yeah I just thought girls like shit like that by the way I hate twilight with a passion” he laughs. I place my hand over my heart pretending to be hurt “How dare you?”. 
“I mean it's a great movie but personality it's not my taste” he quickly adds. I hear Gabe chuckle from behind me and I let out the laugh I was holding “You're to easy”. He looks at Gabe “Oh she is good,” he smiles and turns to me “You're good do you have any sisters?”. He is funny I like him. I shake my head “Nope just me sorry”. He arches his eyebrow “Well maybe when you get tired of-”. Gabe slaps him before he can even finish the sentence “Fuck off asshole why are you even here?”. Logan chuckles “Work”. That is my cue to leave all of a sudden I remember I have nothing on. I slip away from Gabe and walk to the room. I hear Logan whistle and then he growls “Fuck dude I'm just fucking with you”. I laugh picturing Gabe smacking him. I put on my pants and walk to the kitchen to finish making breakfast. “Alright I'll be there in 20 minutes” I hear Gabe say. “I'll see you at the office,” Logan turns to me “It was nice finally meeting the girl that chopped off my best friends balls”. I walk over to Gabe and wrap my arms around his waist “Good to know I have his ball and it was really nice to meet you too”. I can tell how happy it makes Gabe to see Logan and I getting along. I really don't know why he waited so long to introduce us. Gabe catches me watching him and he leans in to kiss my forehead. “I'm leaving before I get diabetes” Logan gives Gabe a pound and then gives me a kiss on the cheek “Call me if you get tired of him” he nods towards Gabe. I know he is only messing around so I don't think much of it. I laugh “Not going to happen”. Gabe shoves him out the door “Now get the fuck out of here”. Logan laughs as Gabe slams the door behind him. Gabe pulls me into his arms “I'm sorry about him he was just kidding”. I give him a small kiss “I like him he is funny but seriously in order to work where you guys work do you have to be extremely jaw dropping handsome?” I trace his mouth with my finger. I have to admit Logan is very handsome not like Gabe of course. Gabe chuckles “Are you calling me extremely jaw dropping handsome or are you calling Logan?”. I wrap my arms around his neck “He is handsome but you my friend are out of this world beautiful”. He lifts me up and my legs automatically go around his waist. “I'll show you out of this world” he walks towards the room. I laugh knowing what he is thinking of doing “You have to be at work in 20 minutes”. He pulls down on my pants “Then we have no time to waist” he jogs to the room.
               *********************************************** 
“I won't be long” Gabe says as he is getting dress. I can't stop my eyes from invading his body. He is the perfect eye candy. I don't even have the energy to move right now but if I did I would pull him in for round 2. He catches me staring at him and he just shake his head. He probably knows exactly what I'm thinking. He drops his arms on the bed “I love you Muffin see you later” he gives me a kiss. “I love you too” I whisper. I'm so exhausted from our morning work out that I can't barley keep my eyes open. “Sleep baby” he tucks me. I close my eyes and dazed out. What is that sound? Where is it coming from? Oh it's my phone I search around the bed for my phone. It would be easier if I open my eyes but they are to heavy with sleep. “Hello” I answer in my sleepy tone. “Hey Jane it's Mark” he says. What time is it? I open my eyes to look over at the clock. It's 11:00 am why is he calling me on my day off? “What's up Mark?” I cover my eyes with my arm trying to block the sunlight. “I know today is your day off but I wanted to see if you could come into work ?” he ask. I really don't want to go in today I rather stay in Gabe's bed all day. “What time?” I growl. “At 2?” he says a little to needy. “Can I call you back?” I say. I need to call Gabe and see what time he is planning to come home. I'm not going to go into work if he is coming home early. “Yeah sure please let me know Jane I'm sort handed and really need help” he plead. As soon as I hang up I call Gabe. “Hey Muffin” just the sound of his voice brings butterflies to my stomach. “Hey handsome what time are you coming home?” I have turned into a real house wife. “Later baby something came up and I have to stay” I feel disappointed that I'm not going to spend all day with him as we planned. “Why?” he ask. “Mark called me into work but I wanted to check what time you was coming home before I gave him an answer” I say as I play with the sheets. “Muffin you don't have to go in it's your day off just stay home. I'll be there as soon as I'm done” he says. If it was up to Gabe he wouldn't let me work for Mark he doesn't like him. He says there is something fishy about Mark and the way he acts. If you ask me I think he is just jealous of him which is crazy because he has no reason to be. “Yeah you're right I'm feeling lazy today” I stretch my sore body. “I wonder way?” he says in a husky voice. “Oh Jane baby I love you” I hear kissing noise coming threw the phone. “Fuck off Logan” Gabe growls. I giggle “Nice to hear that you guys act professional at work”. 
“Gabe please don't stop keep going” I hear Logan moan and I laugh. “Muffin I have to go and kick Logan's ass”.
“I love you too Jane” Logan shouts from the back. I laugh “Love you baby go kick his ass”. We just met earlier today but he is already teasing me like I brother. I dial Mark's number to inform him that I will not be coming into work. “Please Jane I have a huge order and I need help” Mark begs. I don't want to go to work but I feel bad for not helping him. He has help me out so many times and this is the first time he asking me for something. “Fine you owe me one” I take pity on the poor man. “Thank you so much” he hangs up before I have time to change my mind. I roll out the bed and hit the shower. Since I didn't have no intention of working today I didn't bring my uniform. I walk to Gabe's drawer and look for a plain black shirt at least it's the same color as my uniform. I top it off with some dark jeans thankfully I have cloths here. As I walk to the bus station I take out my phone to call Sophia.
“Hellow” she answers extra happy. 
“Did Mark call you into work?” I ask.
“He called but I didn't answer,” smart girl I should of ignore his call “you answered didn't you?”.
“Yes” I say as I get on the bus.
“Jane!,” she growls “You was suppose to come home and give me the details of what happen yesterday well maybe not all because that would be disturbing but you know what I mean”.
“I know I'm sorry but Gabe went into work and that's why I
agree to come in” I feel bad because I had no intention of going back home to Sophia. 
“Of course he did” she says annoyed.
“All I can tell you is that the hills come alive in the sound of music” I giggle as I quote Mary Poppins. 
“Ha!” she laughs “Who is Marry Poppins now? Okay you have to give me the 411 but keep the gross details to your self”.
“Okay I will when I get home” I get off the bus and start walking to hell. “Bye Marry” she hangs up.
                                       Chapter 36
     “Hey girlfriend” Liam greets me as soon as I walk in. “Hey Liam,” I give him a kiss on the cheek. I'm so glad that he is here today. “The devil called you in?” he ask. “Yeah,” I laugh “but at least you're here”. I love working with Liam we always have so much fun together. “Amen sister girl. Mark said to walk into his office as soon as you walked in” he informs me. “Kay thanks” I take off my coat and he grabs it to put it away. “Hey Mark” I greet him with a smile. He puts a finger up as he talks on the phone “Yes I'll have it ready today you can either pick it up or have it deliver. Fine I'll see you then” he hangs up. “Jane,” he smiles “Thank you so much for coming in I'll make this up to you some how I promise”. I smile “No problem that's what friends are for right”. It's not his fault he needs more help around here. “Thanks,” I notice a change in his mood. Maybe it's just because he is stress about this order “These are the orders I need please make sure everything is done right this is a big event and I need this to come out perfect” he hands me some sheets. “I'm on it” I leave his office and get to work. He wasn't kidding when he said it was a big order. I have been working none stop since I came in I don't have time to catch my breath. “Come on let's go on our break” Liam says. We haven't even had time to take our break that's how busy we are. I wonder where the hell is Maggie she is the manager after all. I take out my phone and notice I have 5 missed calls from Gabe. Oh god Gabe is going to be so mad at me. “Oh god it's 7 already?” I ask Liam. “Yeah I know time for a break” he drags me to a table. I quickly call Gabe he must be worry. “Jane” he answers coldly. Yeah he pissed off he never calls me Jane. “Baby I'm so sorry I came into work and I forgot to tell you” I bite down on my lip. “I thought we agree that you wasn't going to go” he says annoyed. “I know but then you said you didn't know what time you was going to be home so I decided to come in and help Mark” hopefully that will calm him down. “Fine you're right I was just worry but then again I figure you was working when you didn't answer my calls” he says after a long pause. “Are you home?” I ask. “No that's why I was calling you to let you know I'll be home later on. What time does your shift end?” he ask. I don't know why he is making a big deal if he isn't even home his damn self. “10” I say as I take some fries from Liam's plate. “Alright I'll pick you up then” he says. There is no point in arguing with him because he always gets his way. “Heads up” I hear Logan. “Muffin see you later love you” he hangs up. At least he isn't mad any more. “So how are things with our boyfriend?” Liam ask. I end up telling him everything that happen between Gabe and I. Unlike Sophia I can actually tell him a little more details than I can tell her. “Oh my lord please tell me he is all man down there?” he leans in waiting for my answer. “Oh he is all man” I blush. He throws his hands in the air “Praise the Lord! I knew it okay so this new rule of his has to stay”. Gabe is going to kill me for telling Liam about the rule. I couldn't help telling him he almost had a heart attack. “Sorry he came to his senses about that” I shrug. “No way! Jane baby you're my friend right?” he gives me his sad eyes. “Of course I am” I nod. “Then you have to make this happen” he grins. “Sorry not going to happen” I giggle. I have no intention of sharing Gabe's amazing body. “Boo you whore,” he frowns “it was worth a try” he adds. “Come on let's get back to work” I pull him. “Thank you guys so much for helping me” Mark says as we hand him the last box. After working our asses off we finally finish with the order. “Yeah yeah yeah I'm leaving” Liam takes of his apron. He is so ready to get the hell out of here. “Bye babe I'll see you later” he gives me a kiss on the cheek. “How about you?” Mark ask. “Gabe will be here in 30 minutes” I say as I help him clean up. He nods and takes out his phone “The order is ready see you then”. I text Sophia to have dinner ready because I'm starving. I need to go home and get a few things to stay at Gabe's house. As I'm taking the trays to the back I notice a car pull in. “Jane will you mind helping me?” Mark ask. I have no idea how they going to fit all this boxes in that car but I can help them try. “Not at all” I follow him. “Thank you for everything  Jane I really value you as a friend” he sounds upset. I wonder whats wrong with him. “Are you alright Mark?” I ask concern. “I'm fine I just want you to know that it's nothing personal it was my job,” he opens the door “but I really do care about you”. Two men dress in black walk in and go straight for me. Once I realize what was going on I turn around and try to make a run for the front door. I'm half way threw the door some one grabs my upper arm. “Help me some one!” I yell desperately. The man covers my mouth and I try pulling away. Oh god what the hell is going on here? Why is Mark doing this to me? Tears start building up in my eyes as fear start to creeps it's way through my body. “Don't hurt her or the boss will kill you” Mark growls at him. Who the hell is the boss? “Yes Sir” he says. Sir? He called Mark Sir! I need to find a way to get away. Gabe should be here in any minute I need to buy some time. There is no way I can take all three of them but I can give them a struggle. “Put her in the car and I'll take her from there” he commands. There is no way I'm letting them get me in a car. With out thinking I bite down on the man's hand his hand taste salty. “Fucking bitch” he removes it. I pull away from him “Why Mark? I thought you was my friend” I choked out. How stupid was I to believe he was my friend. I should of listen to Gabe when he warn me about him. My heart is beating so fast that it's making my chest hurt. The man's hand is squeezing my arm so hard that he is cutting my circulation. At this point my body shuts down. “Sorry Jane orders are orders” he gives me a small smile. How can he smile at me after what he is doing to me? Sobs ripped up my throat as I ask “Who do you work for?”. I try pulling away but the man has a good grip on my arm. “Sorry I can't say” Mark shrugs. I feel angry, my blood is boiling and before I knew it I elbow the man in his ribs and punch Mark right on his nose. “Fuck” he cries out. I shove him towards the door “FUCK YOU MARK!” I yell at him as tears fall down my face. I'm so angry that I'm crying in front of him. I feel some one's hands around my arm and they slam me to the wall. My head hits the wall so hard that for a few seconds everything goes black. My vision goes blurry and I hear ringing in my ears if it wasn't for the man holding on to me I probably would have been on the floor. “I said don't hurt here!” Mark scowls at him while cleaning his blood on his shirt. He leans in really close to my face and I turn my head to the side “I deserve that it hurts like a mother fucker but I deserve it”. I refuse to look at him I don't want him to see how hurt I am by all of this. Him betraying me hurts more than getting slam around. “Take her to the car and tie her up in the back seat” he orders. I don't even resist because I know there is no point I can't out run all 3 of them. My body is to sore for me to try to do anything. I can't believe Mark the guy that I consider my friend is actually a traitor. Where the hell is Gabe? He isn't going to make it in time. I want to scream, I want to cry but I won't give them the pleasure to see me broken. They are tying the rope so hard around my wrist that they feel like they are burning my skin. “This bitch is pretty maybe we can have a go on her after the boss is done with her” the second man says. “Fuck you” I spit in his face. “Give me the time and day baby girl” the man runs his fingers down my face. Vile starts to makes it's way up my throat. I feel so disgusted by his touch.  “Ya motherfuckers think I'm playing?” Mark clicks his gun back and points directly to the man's head. I'm thankful that he is here to get them away from me but I still hate him. The man puts his hands up in the air “Sorry Sir it won't happen again”. Mark pokes the man in the head “For your safety it better not”. It's crazy how fast his face change he is no longer the sweet and kind guy I met. His eyes are darker than I have ever seen them and his jaw muscles keep tightening. I give Mark a I-hope-you-die look as he closes the car door. I don't care that he has a gun that doesn't scare me. I was raised around him and I know how to use them. “You two make sure no one follows us” he gets in the car and starts it. I need to find a way out I can't just give up that's not who I am. I reach for the door but it's baby lock. “Come on Jane be a good girl and everything will be over soon” he looks at me through the mirror with a smile. He knew I was going to reach for the door. I look around trying to find anything I can use as a weapon. As we pull out from the back I spot Gabe and Liam getting off their car. Thank god he is here and he is with Liam. Mark hasn't notice them I slide to the window and press the button down. Thankfully the window rolls down. “GABE!” I scream at the top of my lugs. They both turn around at the same time and for one split second I lock eyes with Gabe. Gabe face drops as he sees. “Fuck Jane!” Mark pulls me by my shirt. “JANE!” I hear Gabe shout. I move my back and turn around to see Gabe running towards the car. I feel tears coming down my face even when there is nothing else to do Gabe is still trying to help me. It breaks my heart to see him running after the car. I shove Mark's hand and stick my head out the window “I love you Gabe!” I yell. I need him to know that I love him and always will. I might never get the chance to see him again. Mark rolls up the window and speeds up. I turn back and watch as Gabe slowly disappears.
                                     Chapter 37
     The whole ride to where ever the hell we are going I was quite. All in can think about is Gabe's face as he was trying to catch up to me. He looks so broken as the car got away from him. “You need to eat something” Mark says from the front. “Stop acting like you care traitor” I say the last word with disgust. “I do care” he whisper. I wrap my arms around the passenger head seat and lean in. “Then let me go Mark. You can say that I hit you over the head with something and that I ran” I begged. Maybe he had a change if heart and realized that this is wrong. “I can't do that Jane it's my job” he says. “They are going to kill me Mark!” my eyes sting with tears. I'm not worried about dying that would be a piece of heaven compare to other things they can do to me. My mind goes back to that day many years ago with Poppy in the back yard. “No they aren't” he says. He doesn't know what this people are capable of doing to me. I know he isn't going to change his mind so there is no point of begging. I feel a big knot forming in my throat “Why Mark? Was it all fake our friendship? Was I always a job?”. I hate that I can't hide how hurt and betrayed I am. I need to know the truth was everything fake? Gabe was right about him this whole time and me being the stupid naive girl that am I refuse to believe him. “All I can say is that I'm sorry” he actually looks sad. “Well I don't accept your apologize” I stare out the window with tear in my eyes. I learn from my father that crying never solves anything especially in situations like these. If I'm going to go down then I'm going down as a Santana. After 20 minuted we finally stop in front of an abandon building. Mark opens the door for me and sticks his hand out for me to grab it. I look down at his hand in disgust I shove his hand away and jump out of the car. “Stubborn” he laughs. I look around trying to find a way to escape but there is nothing around me but this building. We left the main road a few miles ago. “This way” he grabs my arm and leads me towards the building. “Mark boss man” a brown hair man greets him.  “Pac man” Mark gives him a handshake. Pac man stares at me from head to toe “Wow no wonder the boss want her”. I can actually feel his eyes on me and it makes my skin crawl. Without even realizing I hide behind Mark like if that is going to keep me safe. “Yeah about that call the others for me” he commands and Pac man leaves. “Mark don't leave me here please” I begged him one last time. Pac man returns with 10 other men “Listen up this is the diamond,” Mark points at me and every single pair of eyes stare at me “I know she is hot, pretty, or what ever the fuck you want to say but she is also off limits so help me god if one of you even dares to lay one finger on her without my permission I'll have your balls” they all flinch. They know that he means business.  “Understood” he shouts. “Yes Sir” they all chant like if they were in a army. “Dismiss” every one disappears at once. I'm shocked Mark the friendly, funny, noble guy I met is actually a bad as leader. He must be rank one of the best man for who ever he works for. I have been around this life style and I know that the only way some one can have this much respect is by earning it. “Come” he says and I follow him. I prefer to be with him than with any one else. I look around the place and it looks like a hotel. Mark takes me upstairs and stops at a door. “This is where you be staying while we are here” he opens the door. The room looks like some one has been living her. There is a big comfy bed with new sheets, a few pillows, and there is even a TV. “You won't be long here” he pulls on my hand and cuts the rope “Nice bracelet” he says. I rub my wrist trying to get my blood going. Thanks to the damn rope they are red. “I'll get you some pain medicine and some thing to eat” he walks out the door. I run to the door and of course it's lock. “Fuck” I kick the door out of frustration. I lean my forehead against the door I need to find a way out of here. I search around the room trying to find a way out but find nothing. This shit whole don't even have a window. Stay strong Jane you can't break down now. You can do this all I need to do is wait for the perfect time. I walk over to the bed and let myself fall onto it. Who ever Mark works for had all of this perfectly plan. They waited for me to let my guard down to makes their move. I should of known that this was going to happen. I don't know how long I have been here but it seems that I been here for years. The door knob turns and I quickly stand up. I don't want to give any one the advantage of finding me laying on the bed. Mark comes in with a bag of food and some pain killer pills. I hate myself for feeling relief seeing him walk in. He is not your friend Jane you are in this because of him the little voice in my head reminds me. I take a sit in the corner of the bed. “I bought you a hamburger and fries” he sits next to me. I don't want him near me. “Not hungry” I say. My stomach growls at the smell of the food giving me away. “Well either there is a bear hiding in this room or that sound came from your stomach” he smirks. I'm starving my stomach burns of how empty it is but I don't want to take nothing from him. He probably put some thing in my food to kill me. “Mmm” Mark takes a bite of his burger “this is the best burger I have ever tasted in my life”. My mouth starts to get watery as I see how juicy the burger is. My stomach starts to growl again. “You sure you don't want yours?” he said with his mouth full of food. My stomach growls being me to take the food. Whats the worst that can happen he already kidnapped me. “Fine” I reach for my burger and take a bite out of it. Mt taste bites start having a party as I chew on the burger. “Fuck this is a good as burger” I moan. I hear Mark laugh “I told you”. I give him a smile and then I remember he kidnap me. I roll my eyes at him as I turn my head to the TV ignoring him and enjoying the best burger in the world. “Jane I-”.
I hold my hand up in the air “Save it I'm still not accepting it” I shut him down before he even had the chance to apologizes. What's the point of apologizing when you don't mean it? “Understandable” he gets up and leaves the room. My body and head are killing me I hurt every where. I reach for the bottle of pain killer and take two pills. In a matter of second I daze off. I wake up with a big fluffy blanket on me I cuddle around the sheet. Maybe Gabe tuck me in to bed look around the room. This isn't Gabe's room. Fuck! I'm not in Gabe's house I'm in the middle of fucking no where. “Good morning America” I hear the lady on the TV. Good morning my ass I lay back down and cover myself from head to toe. I can't believe I slept the whole night with out waking up. “We leave you with Peter who has some breaking news for us today”. I'm to lazy to get up to and turn off the TV. “Good morning Barbara I'm happy to inform you and all America that today while everyone was sleeping in their comfy bed the F.B.I was bringing down one of the most wanted drug lord in America. He goes by the name of “El Rey”. What? I pull off the blanket and stare at the T.V. I must be hearing thing. “Like we all know no one actually has ever seen this man before but the F.B.I found out he was living in Las Vegas”. Oh no oh no please god don't let it be true. Not my dad not my family. I walk over to the T.V and drop to my knees. “As you can see this is where he was living” a picture of my house pops up on the screen. “NO!” I yell as I trace the picture if my house. This can't be right. How did this happen? I need to call Sammy. I search my pockets for my phone but than remember where I am. “Fuck!” I yell as tears run down my face. How could of this happen? I walk over to the bed and pull of the sheets. I throw everything around as I yell at the top of my lugs. I walk over to the T.V and kick it off the stand. My father has always been careful about his location. After all this time hiding why now? How now? Then the worst thought comes to mind if they capture my father then there is no way Mark works for him. 
                                   Chapter 38
     I can't control it no more I drop to my knees and break down. Everything hits me at once Mark being a traitor, never seeing Sophia again, my father being capture or worse dead, no more Sammy or Nina, and no more Gabe. My heart breaks at the thought of never seeing none of them again. I bring my knees up to my face and cry. “Jane!” Mark yells from the other side of the door. “Open that fucking door now” he commands. By the time he comes in I'm hysterically crying. I can't breath from my nose because it's stuffed up and I'm gasping for air like if I was drowning. “What the fuck happen?” I hear him ask. “I don't know Sir no one has been inside this room but you” the man answer. “Jane” he says, I lift my head up and see him walking towards me. “No” I stand and run to hit him “this is all your fault!”. I need some one to blame. I need a way to get rid of all this anger. I punch him on his chest as I shove him into the wall. “I fucking hate you!” I yell as I punch him. He grabs my wrists to stop me from hitting him “Let me go!”. I pull back trying to fight his hold. I starts kicking and punching he lets go of my wrist. Only to wrap his arms around my upper arms he is holding me so tight that I give in. I rest my head on his chest “W-why?” I cry. Why is this happening to me? He strokes my hair “Shh Jane everything will be fine” he tries calming me down. All I feel is anger. I'm angry because he is acting like he cares for me. I'm angry because I'm letting him comfort me after everything he did. I bring my hands in between us and push him off me “You can't serve the devil and god too”. I clean my nose on the back of my hand. He steps forward “NO! Leave me alone” I back away until my back hits the wall. “NOW!” I yell. He nods his head and walks away. I slide down the wall and bring my knees up to my chest as I start rocking back and forth. Mommy please give me strength I beg. I don't think I am going to survive this. This pain is to much for me to deal with. I lay down on the floor as I beg for the darkness. The sound of people running around wakes me up “Fuck they found us” I hear some one shout. I hop on my feet and run to the door “Help me! I'm in here!” I bang on the door. I don't know who is here but maybe they can save me. “The feds are here everyone get ready to fire” I hear Pac man. The feds are here? How did they get here? Maybe Gabe or Logan call them. My hearts starts to race at the thought of Gabe getting help. The door flies open and Mark grabs me “Let's go move it cover us” he says to the rest. Everyone is armed and ready to fire. “Over here Lieutenant ” the cop yells and they open fire. I cover my ears and the shots get louder and louder. I have to find a way to free myself from Mark and make a run for it. This is the moment I was waiting for. “Get down” Mark commands and I drop down to my knees. He lets go of me and I take that chance to crawl away. I cover my head with my arms and crawl. “Jane get your ass over here!” Mark yells but I don't stop. There is no way I'm going back this is what I was waiting for. Once I was away from the war zone I stand up and start running. I run down some stairs and search for a way out. I can't open all of these doors I don't have time for it. Maybe if I run all the way down the hallway I can find something. “Stop right there Jane I don't want to shoot you but I will” Mark yells from behind me. Fuck I was so close. I stop in the middle of the hallway and throw my hands up in the air as I slowly turn around to face him. “Good now come to me and I'll get us out” he motions me to walk towards him with the gun. I don't know what to do should I go to him or should I run? At least if I run I know what's coming but if I go with him I have no idea. Just when I was going to run for it a voice behinds me yells “Freeze”. Thank god it's a cop I'm safe. I drop my hands “Don't move Jane” Mark says. I don't know if Mark will really shoot me but I don't want to risk it. “Put the gun down now!” the officer yells. The officer voice makes the hair on the back of my neck stand up. There is something about that voice that makes me feel safe. “All clear Lieutenant” a voice comes threw the radio. I take a step backwards and Mark makes a shot in the air I jump at the sound “One more step and I'll shoot you Jane don't test me” Mark growls. “Drop the gun now!” the cop yells. That voice why does it sound so familiar? I want to turn around and run towards the officer but my legs are glue to the floor. I have so much fear in me that it is paralyzing me. “Lieutenant Smith what is your location?”. What? My heart sinks into my stomach. I turn around to face the officer but he is cover from head to toe but I can recognize those green eyes anywhere. My mind must be playing games with me. “Gabe?” I choke out. Tears start building up and I feel my knees go weak. I feel Mark's arm around my waist and he place the gun on my temple “Nice for you to join us Gabriel” Mark tease. No it can't be him I shake my head. “Take off your mask” Mark barks and I flinch. “See Jane I'm not the only one who has been lying around here” he whisper into my ear. I'm to focus on the man in front of me to even pay attention to him. “Take it off now!” he yells. The man slowly starts removing his mask and once it's fully off my stomach turns. I'm staring at Gabe. My Gabe. What the hell is going on? Gabe is a cop did he know who I was this whole time? Was I another job? That thought is unbearable so I push out my mind. “Bingo!” Marks laughs “Jane is my pleasure to  introduce you to Lieutenant Gabriel Smith”. I'm lost for words. Why didn't he tell me? My vision gets blurry as they fill with tears. “Muffin,” Gabe's voice comes out soft. “Oh shut the fuck up with all this Muffin shit” he press the gun against my head. My body and mind are numb. I can't move or think all I want to do is die. “Baby snap out of it. It's me Gabe” he points the gun at Mark. I can't talk I don't even know what to say right now. I'm in complete shock. “Aww baby that's cute” Mark pins me closer to him “I am going to tell you what's going to happen next. Jane and I are going to walk away and you Gabe are going to let us go” he says.
“I can't and won't do that” Gabe says. “I thought you might say that” Mark points the gun at Gabe and pulls the trigger.
                                   Chapter 39
     Everything around me slows down my ear ear is ringing from being to close to the gun. I see the exact moment when the bullets makes contract with Gabe's skin. Everything feels like I'm in a movie only I'm not this is real. The sound of the gun shots snaps me out of my shock. “No!” I yell as Gabe falls down. I throw my head back hitting Mark right in the nose. “Fuck Jane not again” he lets go of me. I run towards Gabe with my heart in my throat “Oh my god oh my god not you”. I fall on my knees beside him and lift his head up to lay it on my lap “You'll be okay baby you have to be okay” my vision gets blurry with tears. Please not him please not him. I cup his face with my shaky hands. “Don't cry baby I don't like to see tears in those amber eyes remember” he reaches up and cleans my face with his bloody hand. I try laughing but it comes out as a snob. Leave it up to him to try to make me feel better when he is the one who got shot. “Shh baby please don't talk” I hush him. He needs to save his energy. I run my hand down his body trying to find where the blood is coming from. When I feel the womb I add pressure to it. I need some thing to help me stop him from bleeding. I look around the room but there is nothing . “Ugh!” he moans and places his hand over mine. “It's okay baby you'll be okay just put pressure on it” I press his head to my stomach. He has to be okay god can't be this cruel to me. “Baby,” it's getting harder for him to breath “I'm sorry I let you down”. I stroke his face “No you didn't let me down” I cry. I'm the one who let him down. This is all my fault. His eyes start to close “No,” I say with a firm voice “Gabe open your eyes right now! Stay with me” I sob as I rock him. I can't lose him please not him. Take me instead please take me. He opens them and I notice that they aren't the same green eyes that draw me in the first time I saw them. Instead they are darker and the fire that once were in them is starting to die down. I feel like some one is crushing my heart with their bare hands. My chest hurts so much all I want is to rip it open. I can't even breath right. “Gabe I'm so sorry this all my fault please forgive me” I cry out. Deep down I always knew I was going to end up hurting him. I knew it was a bad idea before it even started. I should of listen to my instinct. I drop my head on his chest and sob. This can't be the end of him he doesn't deserve this. Not him not my Gabe. I press my ear over his heart trying to hear his heart beat. It's still there it's weak but still there. I hear him gasp for air “Run Muffin” he whisper into my ear. I shake my head there is now way I'm leaving him. “No” I lean in and give him a kiss. His lips are shaky and cold against mines nothing like the warm lips I'm use to. Oh god I'm losing him and I don't know what to do to keep him with me. He cups my face with his cold bloody hands “Jane I will always love you” he smiles. I close my eyes and lean into his hand “Don't leave me”. The moment I feel his hand drop I know it's over. “Gabe” I whisper as I open my eyes I'm no longer staring into my favorite green eyes. “No!” I feel the scream ripping threw my throat. “Baby please” I wrap my arms around his neck and start weeping. Don't leave me please I can't do this with out you. Please wake up! “Please Gabe don't leave me not you please” I kiss his lips and are even colder than before. “What about our babies? You know the one with the amber eyes?” I place my face on the side of his neck to smell him. “Please not you please not you” I chant over and over again. His chest stops moving and he is stiff as a board. The little hope I was holding onto leaves me with my heart completely broken. He is gone. There is nothing I can do. I just watch him die in my arms. I lay right next to him I put my head on his chest and wrap my arm around him “Please wake up” I whisper just for him to he. What am I going to do now? I can't live with out him. I don't want to live without him. “Come on enough” Mark tries to pull me up but I refuse to move. I tighten my hold on Gabe there is no way I am leaving him. I don't care if he shoots me I have nothing to live for anyways. The only thing that meant something to me just died in my arms and with him he took my heart. He aims at Gabe's head “NOW!”. I can't let him do more damage to Gabe. He looks so peaceful if I didn't know any better I would say he was sleeping. I lean down and give him our last kiss “I will always love you”. My tears fall on to his face and I brush them off. He looks like a beautiful angle. I carefully lay him down on the ground. Mark yanks me up and I lose it. “You fucking kill him you fucking bastard!” I push him off me. “Jane pl-” I punch him in the face before he can even finish. I'm so angry that I might just kill him with my bare hands. I push him and he stumbles back “I fucking hate you!”. I hear foot steps getting closer to us “You two over there and you come with me” I hear some one. Who ever it is they are close maybe they can help me. “Over here!” I yell as I spin around. “Sorry I didn't want to hurt you” Mark says before everything goes black.
     “Hey Muffin” Gabe smiles at me with his perfect teeth. “Hey handsome” I run into his warm arms. There is no where in the world I rather be than in his arms. He always makes me feel safe. “I had a horrible dream baby” I squeeze him.“Tell me what happen Muffin” he strokes my back. I don't know want to tell him what happen. “It was horrible” I lift my head to look at him but he has vanish. “Gabe?' I look around but it's to dark. I start to panic my heart starts pounding as I look around for Gabe. Where is he? It's so cold that I can see my own breath. I wrap my arms around myself trying to warm up. “Gabe!” I yell. I run around looking for him but I can't find him. There is nothing but darkness and cold. I see a small light far away from me. I run towards the light and notice something on the floor. What is that? Is that Gabe? I run to it. Oh god it's Gabe! “Gabe” I finally reach him. I drop to the floor and lift his head up he looks like he is sleeping. “Gabe what's wrong? Wake up” I shake him. There is blood spilling out of him. I lift his shit up trying to see where it's coming from but I can't find a hole. “Gabe baby please open your eyes” I begged. In a matter of seconds I'm surrounded by Gabe's blood. “Gabe please let me see those green eyes” I touch his face and he is ice cold.”
“Noo!” I wake up in a cold sweat. What happen? Where am I? I'm in a small room. How did I get here? My cloths are sticking to my skin and they feel cold. I look down and I'm cover in blood. It wasn't a dream everything is real. Gabe is dead, my father was arrested, Mark kidnap me, he is a traitor, and a murder!. I have nothing or no one to live for. In a matter of hour my whole world came crushing down on me. Everything and everyone that was important to me is gone. All I have left is this emptiness in my chest that nothing can ever fill it. Tears start rolling down my face and I clean them right away. I need to find a way out of here I need to go find Gabe. I jump off the bed and reach for the door and to my surprise it's unlock that's weird. I open the door and I see Mark sitting down. I look around and now I understand why the door was unlock. I'm in a fucking plane! “Nice to see you awake,” he smirks “take a seat we have a long trip ahead of us” he motions to the seat next to him. I lean into the wall “Where are we going?” my voice sounds scratchy. “I have no idea I just got the order for us to board the plane” he takes a sip of his drink. He is acting normal like nothing has happen. I stare at him and I feel my blood boiling all I see is the killer of the man I love. “You killed him” I say with clench teeth. My hands turns into fists at my side I'm ready to attack him. I want to make him hurt like I'm hurting. “Jane,” he puts the drink down “it was either him or me”. Is that suppose to mean something to me because it don't. If it was up to me he would be the one dead right now not Gabe. “I hate you so much Mark not only because you kidnap me but because you killed the one person I had ever loved” I feel like breaking but I won't not in front of him. I refuse to let him see what he did to me. “You're young Jane you'll find love again” he calmly says. I feel my anger raising. Is he serious right now? What the hell does age have to do with the heart? “I hate you so much” I scowl at him. “I'm sorry to hear that but since we are sharing feelings,” he walks towards me and I put my hands up to put distant between us “Jane I love you”. What? My arms drop to my side he is out of his mind? “I been in love with you since the moment you sat next to me on that plane”. He tries to reach for me but I slap his hands away all I feel is repulsive for him. “Love?” I sneer “You call kidnapping me, killing the love of my life, and taking me to who knows where to some one who might kill me if I am lucky enough love? You call that love?”. He is unbelievable. I wipe my nose on the back of my hand “That's a fucked up way to love I rather you hate me than to have your love” I walk away not letting him get another word in. I close the door and lean against it for support. I honestly don't know how much longer I am going to survive with this pain. All I want to do is die to be with my Gabe. I thought it couldn't get worst but I was wrong very wrong. I cover my mouth with my hand trying to stop the crying. How am I suppose to look in to Sophia's eyes and tell her that because of me Gabe is dead? Oh god Sophia! She is going to hate me and she has every right too. Oh god what if she relapse and goes back to using drugs that will be my fault too. No I can't let that happen I made a promise to Gabe that I was going to watch out for her and the least I can do is keep my word. I'll fight for Sophia I owe her that much. “That's my Rambo” I can almost hear Gabe say. I never understood why Juliet decided to kill her self to be with Romeo when she was young and had her whole life ahead of her but know I understand her because I am her. This pain is the real deal there isn't a pill I can take to make the pain go away. I actually have to live with this all my life. I would rather break every single bone in my body then to deal with this ache that I can't escape. The only thing I have left of Gabe are my memories, my bracelet, and the love I have for him. I lay back down on the bed and I cried my eyes out until sleep came. “Jane,” I feel some one stroking my hair “Wake up we are almost there”. I open my eyes and see everything blurry. It takes me a few second to see clearly and then I see Mark. “Don't fucking touch me” I slap his hands off me. “Are you ever going to forgive me?” he drops his arm. I give him the direst look I can manage. How can I forgive him for killing Gabe? “I guess not” he backs away. “We will be landed any minute now” he informs me like if I give a rat's ass.
                                         Chapter 40
     “We just landed” Mark says on the phone. “Yes Sir” he hangs up. The plane door opens and he holds out his hand to help me out. I walk pass him and the sunlight burns my eyes. I cover my eyes with my hands. You have to be fucking kidding me there is a fucking limo waiting for us like if we are celebrities. “Misses. Jane” the limo guy greats me like if he knew me. “Mr. Williams” he turns to Mark. The man opens the door for me and stare at me with a shock expression. “Oh please,” I roll my eyes at him “don't act like you never seen some one covered in blood before”. I walk pass them and close the door before Mark tries to get in. If he works for Mark this isn't the first time nor the last time he'll see blood. Mark walks to the other side and climbs in and I move as close as I could to the door. My tears unwillingly start to run down my face. There is no point in trying to hold them in. We were in the car for what seems like hours and through out the whole ride I cried. Once my tears started to run down my face I couldn't stop them. I'm so worn out physically and emotionally I'm drain from all my energy. “You have to eat something or at least drink some water” Mark's annoying voice fills the car. I don't even acknowledge his request I just shut him off. All I can think of is how a few hours ago I felt like I was on top of the world and how now I have no world. We pull up to a huge house that reminds me of my old home with my father. It has a big gate surrounding the house and if that wasn't enough there are armed men all over. Here we go again with this bullshit. Mark rolls down the window to talk to the man standing there. “The boss is expecting us” Mark says. “Name” the man says with out looking up. “Mark and the diamond” Mark says. The man quickly lifts up his head. The diamond? I don't even have a name. The man nods and grants us access we drive all the way to the top. Mark walks over to my side and opens the door for me “Come on Jane” he says when I refuse to step out. I climb off the car and wrap my arms around me trying to shield myself. “Mark nice to see you” yet another man greets him as we walk in. It seems like Mark is known around here. The house is beautiful nothing like I have ever seen. The floor is a white marble, there are painting on the wall, there is this staircase that wraps around that room, there is a crystal chandler hanging from the ceiling. Who ever lives here sure knows how to live. “What's up?” he shakes his hand. “The boss is running late he'll be here later on” he informs him. “Alright I'll show her to her room” Mark says. They talk about me like if I wasn't even here. “She should change because if the boss see's her in that he won't be happy” he points at me. If I had the energy to set him straight I would but instead I just roll my eyes. Mark nods and start walking I follow him toward the room. “This is your new room,” he opens the door “the closet is full with new cloths and to your right you have your own bathroom. I'll leave you alone so you can shower and I'll see you at dinner” he walks out. “Well you better sit down so you don't get tired of waiting for me” I slam the door and lock it. The room is huge it looks like a condo there is a big bed in the middle that looks like it was made for a queen. The sheets on the bed are blue and made of silk. There is a flat screen T.V hanging on the wall. In the left corner there is a big marble burial. In front of the window there is a rocking chair. The room is really nice but none of this means anything to me. I walk towards the bathroom I need a shower. I don't even want to look at myself in the mirror. I turn on the shower and take off my cloths. I hop in the shower with Gabe's shirt in my hand. The water around me turns red like wine as I wash his blood off. He is really gone. I will never see him again. My knees go weak and I slide down the wall. I can't believe this is really happening to me. What have I done so bad in my life that I have to pay such a high price? I throw the shirt to the side and bring my knees up to my chest as I rocked my self. I lost every one that matter to me in one day. My hearts hurts I just want all this to go away please god make it go away. I cry until I feel numb. I've reach my breaking point. I wrap a towel around me and hang Gabe's shirt so it can dry. I walk over to the mirror and stare at my self. I don't recognize the girl staring back. My eyes are red, I have bags underneath them, and I look like I have aged years in a matter of days. I am just a shadow of the girl that I once was. My body is just an empty shell walking around. The same eyes that once were fulled with love are now full of pain and sorrow. I feel like my heart has been remove and replaced by a big black whole. Even breathing hurts right now. I look dead no worst I am dead. From this moment on I know that I am no longer living I am just existing. I walk into the closet and like everything else in this room it's huge and just like Mark said it's fill with cloths. One side of the closet is full of designer clothing and shoes on the other side there is regular T-shirts and sweatpants. I change into the ugliest thing that I could find. My head is killing me but I refuse to step outside this room or to ask anyone for pills. I take a seat on the rocking chair that is by the window. I rest my head on my knees and start rocking my self. All I see is that big ugly gate and from there on tress and more tress. I reach for my necklace but find nothing there. Shit where is it? It probably fell when I was in the shower. I run to the bathroom to look for it. I turn the bathroom upside down and come out empty handed. “No no” I cry. Not my necklace! Haven't I lost enough today to lose that too? I lose everything that means something to me. I walk back to the rocking chair and drown in my misery. There is a knock on the door “Dinner is ready”. The last thing on my mind is food and especially if I have to see Mark's nasty face. He tries to open the door “Come on Jane stop acting like a little child”. I tone him and the rest of the world out. Half in hour later the door opens. I don't even bother to turn around I know who it is. “I brought you some food” Mark lays the tray on the bed. I place my head on my knees to avoid looking at him. It hurts so bad to look at the killer of the only man I loved. I feel him standing beside me he better not even try speaking to me because I am going to lose it. He let's out a small breath and then walks away. I need to sleep at least when I'm sleeping I don't feel. I place the tray on the floor and lay down in the bed tears start to run down. I have no control of them no more. The sound of thunder wakes me up. My head still hurts from yesterday. I had a long night I kept turning and twisting. I could turn off my feelings but I couldn't turn off my mind. I kept replaying everything that happen yesterday. I look out the window and the sky is tar-black and the clouds look like they are moving towards me. The wind is so powerful that the trees are swaying. There is no sign of the sun in the sky. It's funny how the weather matches my insides. Before everything happen I use to love rainy days they would bring peace but now it just makes me depress. The pain is still there it's even worst than yesterday if that's even possible. I have no intention of climbing out of bed today I reach for a pillow and snuggle with it. “Morning” Mark storms in “I see you didn't touch your food”. I stare at the white wall and ignore him. “Well the boss is here and he wants to see you” he grabs the tray. I don't give 3 fucks what that man wants. “I'll be back in 30 minutes to escort you” he walks out. Like I said before I refuse to get off this bed. Mark walks in again and I'm in the same position as he left me “Why do you have to make everything so complicated?”. He walks towards me and lifts me up “Put me down don't fucking touch me!” I fight him off. He throws me over his shoulder and walks towards the door. I lift up his shirt and bite down on his back until I feel his flesh break. “Owow!” he shouts as he puts me down “That shit hurts”. I put my hands on his chest and shoved him away “Don't ever fucking touch me in your life” I warn him. He tries rubbing where I bit him “Fuck that shit hurts”. He reach for my arm but I move away “Lead the way I'll follow you there is no need for touching”. He looks at me and I wait for him to walk. I swear if he ever puts one finger on me again I'll chop it off with my own teeth. He stops in front of two double doors “This is your stop”. My pulse quickens, my palms start to sweat, and my stomach is turning upside down. “Any day now” Mark growls. I wipe my palms on my pants and take in a big breath. Behind this door is the man that is responsible for everything that happen. Yeah Mark had some thing to do with it but if it wasn't for whom ever is in there ordering him none of this would of happen. Instead of being nervous I'm pissed. I want to know who is behind all of this so I can destroy him. I have never been the type to get revenge but that's all I want know. Mark opens the door for me and I walk in. There is a big black fancy chair facing the window Mark leaves the room and as he closes the door I jump. The person sitting on the chair clears his throat and I stand up straight. I have to show who ever is there that I'm not scare of them. I lift my head up with pride even if in the inside I am in a fetal position. The chair slowly starts to turn around and it's getting harder for me to swallow. The air around me gets heavier with anticipation. This is it I'm finally going to see the face of the man that crush my world. The chair turns around the whole way exposing him. My shoulders drop I can't believe what I am seeing. Who I am seeing. My eyes widen and my brain stops working. How is this possible? My knees go weak “You?” I choke out.
