

Finding Abigail
A Shimmer Lake Novel
By
Christina Smith






This book was previously published as one whole book. It has now been split into two—the first part is now called, Lost Inside. Finding Abigail is the second half.








Published by Christina Smith

Smashwords edition

Copyright ©2012 Christina Smith

Edited by Christine LePorte

Cover Art and design by Stephanie Mooney





For my sister Brenda,
We share the same memories, the same parents and the same loss.

And to all the women out there who feel trapped in a relationship. I hope you find the courage to somehow be free.

In order to keep this book as real as possible, I worked with a woman who had been in an abusive relationship. Thankfully she is now happily married to a great man. The abuse happened years ago but the scars are still there. She let me take a peek into her memories so I could create a character as realistic as possible. I couldn’t have done it without her. And to this woman-this is also for you.




 

Look for these other exciting titles by Christina Smith

Lost Inside, book one in the Shimmer Lake series
Sliding Backwards, book three in the Shimmer Lake series

My Young Adult Fantasy Series:

Fated Dreams (Book one in the Affinity Series)
Delusions (Book two in the Affinity Series)

Riley’s Curse, A Moon’s Glow Prequel (Free as an eBook)
Riley’s Secret, A Moon’s Glow Novel #1
Riley’s Torment, A Moon’s Glow Novel #2
Riley’s Redemption, A Moon’s Glow Novel #3

Skeleton Park



This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously.




This book is for adults eighteen and over.

Chapter One
Shimmer Lake

There were no regrets as I drove away from my former home and Nick, my ex-fiancé and abuser. With the approval to flee from my family who I would miss terribly, I was ecstatic as the car ate up the road ahead. Driving fast with the windows down and the stereo blaring—I felt free. The nice lady with the smooth voice on the GPS informed me that it would take five hours to get to my destination.
I stopped to eat at a diner that was located in a very small town called Star Creek. I pulled into the almost empty parking lot and went in. A bell jingled signaling my entrance as I stepped inside.
The air was stale, smelling of burnt coffee. There were only a few booths taken, a family consisting of a mom, dad, and two boys who were fighting over ketchup. An older couple occupied two stools at the counter feeding each other pie. The woman giggled as the man placed the fork into her mouth.
In the back booth I saw a guy sitting alone. He was wearing a faded denim jacket, his black hair spilling out under a red baseball cap. He saw me staring at him and nodded. I made my way over feeling uneasy. At the booth, I sat down and faced him. My hands lay flat on the Formica table, shaking slightly. The guy didn’t seem to notice. He only watched my face curiously, his lips turning up at the corners. Up this close I noticed his skin was tanned and leathery, with lines creasing his face. He looked like he was used to working out in the sun. “You got my email,” I began, pointing out the obvious.
He nodded his head. “I did. Kind of short notice, don’t you think?” His forehead wrinkled even more.
“Last-minute decision, but you told me they were done.”
He slumped into the booth, relaxing. “Yeah, I’ve had them ready for a week,” he explained, taking out an envelope from inside his jacket and handing it to me. I looked inside and saw each of the papers I would need—driver’s license, birth certificate, passport, and social security card—all with the name Anna Smith.
“Perfect.” I reached into my purse and tossed him my envelope.
He opened it, sifting through the contents, his lips moving as he counted. “It was a pleasure doing business with you,” he said with a small smile and a firm nod. With that he got up and walked out of the restaurant. Heads lifted as the door jingled his exit.
The waitress came over and took my order. After she left, I breathed a sigh of relief. The most important and unfortunately illegal parts of my escape plan were finished. I had been so nervous when I contacted that guy. I didn’t even know his name. I was afraid he was a cop and this was a setup. I had found him through another writer who’d done research on fake IDs. The writer’s name was Eric and I told him that I just wanted the contact info for an upcoming book. I had been worrying constantly about that part of the plan; it was giving me an upset stomach. I had started popping antacids like they were candy. I learned one thing through all of this though—I would not make a good criminal. I’d have an ulcer in no time.
When my sandwich arrived, I ate quickly, worried that Nick was on the road looking for me. Even though I had a different car I just wanted to get to the cottage and settle in so I could stop thinking that every cop car that passed me was going to pull me over. I definitely didn’t want a repeat of the last time I’d tried to leave. I had just found out what kind of man Nick truly was when he beat and raped me the night before. I went to the police station to get help, but unfortunately he worked there and his captain wouldn’t help me. I decided to leave for a few weeks to think things over. That didn’t work out quite how I wanted and Nick found me. I vowed that if I ran again, I would make a better plan. Now I was finally falling through with that and so far so good. There was no sign of Nick.
Back on the road, the GPS lady let me know that it would take two more hours to get to Shimmer Lake. I had never even heard of the town before so I guessed it must be small. That was a good thing. If I hadn’t heard of it, then Nick probably wouldn’t think to look there.
As I drove, civilization seemed to slip away as farmlands and rural towns started to take over. It was odd; I had always been a city girl, yet as the scenery changed to trees and open fields, I felt more at peace. Like nothing could hurt me in a place this beautiful and tranquil.
My first glimpse of Shimmer Lake was a swamp, cattails, weeds, and I’m guessing frogs. Not pretty, but once you got past the swamp, the town was cute yet very small. It was basically a road. There were a few restaurants and stores on one side of the street. The other held a bank, a few businesses, a church, and an elementary school. The buildings were not cramped all together, they were stretched along the highway, but that was all I could see. There were side streets branching off the main road; however, I was not about to explore. I wanted to get to my destination and I was afraid that if I went sightseeing, I’d get lost, prolonging my journey even further.
It wasn’t until I drove past the businesses and was heading out of Shimmer Lake that I saw the sign for Bayview Road. I turned onto it, excited about nearly reaching my destination. The closer I got, the more I felt a peace. It had been awhile since I felt that way; never worrying if I would be hit in the face because I didn’t wash Nick’s uniform or kicked in the gut when I forgot to give him a message from work. I had only known him a year and was abused for six of those months, yet it was hard to remember a time when I wasn’t miserable. The thrill of being alone and safe was overwhelming. I stepped on the gas, eager to get to my paradise.
When I pulled up to the cottage I was pleasantly surprised; it was so Sylvia. The one-story stone cottage was nestled under a large willow, its branches hanging almost to the roof as if protecting the cottage and its contents from the outside world. The only close neighbor was a house to the right. It was also one level, but this one had white siding and a wraparound porch. There were no cars in the driveway, which hopefully meant it was just used for the summer. I could use some privacy for a few months until I got settled into my new life.
I parked in the driveway next to the side door. Getting out of the car, I let myself in. Inside was just as cozy as the outside. It was one large room, only a counter island separating the kitchen and living room. The kitchen must have been renovated recently. The appliances and cherry cabinets were still shining and I couldn’t see any scratches on the marble counter tops. The living room was situated around a stone fireplace, with a comfy-looking gray sofa and matching chairs. A charming woven rug lay in the center on the wood floor. There were three bedrooms and a small bathroom. I was so grateful to Sylvia, my former neighbor for lending me her lake house. I only wished there was a way I could thank her, but I knew contacting her would be a mistake.
The only thing in the cottage that wasn’t perfect was the smell. It must have been closed up for a while, because it stunk terribly of must. As I wandered through each room opening windows, reality set in, I was FREE! With a new hope for my future I went out to the car to get my belongings and unpack.
A few hours later I was setting up my office in one of the spare rooms. There was a desk under the window that I placed my new laptop on. I had purchased it a few weeks ago and hid it in my car. The breeze blew in through the open window, along with the sound of the waves washing up against the shore. The view was beautiful; from this angle I could see the dock, the water and a house across the lake. I could picture myself sitting here writing and looking out the window. I hadn’t written in months, but I already felt inspired.
When everything was unpacked and it felt like home, I realized it was past dinner. I was starving. This was the perfect time to check out the grocery store.

The store was called Butler Foods. It was small, not nearly as big as I was used to, but that didn’t matter. I’d be buying mostly packaged food anyway since I didn’t really enjoy cooking. I only started, to avoid beatings from Nick. I took my time wandering around the store, enjoying the small-town feel. I noticed that the people here seemed to visit with each other more than actually shopping.
I was standing in the produce department picking up some grapes when I overheard a conversation coming from beside me. Two women stood near the strawberries. “Well, I heard he went to his ex’s wedding. Can you believe that?” She had short brown hair and was wearing jeans and a cute suede jacket.
The other woman’s platinum hair was teased a little too high to be fashionable. She leaned in closer to her friend as if she had a secret. “Well, I don’t know why he doesn’t move on already. There are plenty of girls around here that would take him in an instant, myself included.”
I felt like I was intruding in on the conversation so I moved over to the lettuce, hoping that I could still hear yet not look obvious doing it. I wasn’t used to small towns and wanted to learn as much as I could.
“Ignore those gossip mongers, not everyone in town is like that.”
The voice came from behind me. I turned around to see a woman with flaming red hair that fell to her shoulders, green eyes and a warm smile. Her cart was heaping with juice boxes, snack cakes and cookies. She must have kids waiting at home.
I glanced around, making sure she was actually speaking to me. No one was there. “Like what?” I asked.
She reached beside me and picked up a cucumber. “Busybodies. Of course there are a few, but most of us mind our own. Are you visiting someone or are you new in town?”
I moved to the side to get out of her way. “Oh, I’m renting a cottage for a few months to see if I like it, then I may make my stay permanent. I’m looking to relocate.”
She leaned against the potato display. “Oh yeah? From where?”
The women that I had been listening to started toward us. The blond scowled at my companion as they walked passed us. “Chicago,” I lied.
“Wow, this sure is a change. Where are you staying?” She noticed the girl and smiled mischievously. When the women were gone and we could only see their backs, she stuck her tongue out at the blond. It was obvious that there was no love between the two.
I raised a brow at her in question, but she didn’t acknowledge what had just happened. “Twenty twelve Bayview Road,” I answered hesitantly.
With the women forgotten, she rested her elbows on the handle of her cart. “The one on the corner, beside the white house?”
“Yes.”
“That’s Sylvia Newman’s cottage, do you know her?”
“No. I found her on the Internet, she rented me the cottage.” I was making it up as I went. I hadn’t planned what to say, but I knew it was best not to tie myself to Sylvia. I wanted to keep her safe so distancing myself from her felt like the best way.
She glanced at her watch. “Well, I should be getting home. The name’s Kathy by the way.”
“Ab-Anna. Nice to meet you.” I reached out to shake her hand.
She raised her brow suspiciously. “Abanna?”
I took a deep breath. “It’s Anna.” She must have known I was lying. I wasn’t good at it and I was sure she was about to call me on it.
To my surprise, she grinned, lighting her already bright green eyes. “It’s very nice to meet you, Anna. We don’t get many new faces around here.” She waved as she pushed her cart up to the cashier. “See you around,” she called over her shoulder.

Back at the cottage I made myself a grilled cheese and a tossed salad. I spent the night looking at the photos on the wall. They were of Sylvia and her husband when they were younger. There were pictures of what looked like them building the cottage. Then later with their four children and grandchildren. I thought I remembered that she once told me she had fourteen.
The air was a little chilly so I stayed inside with a glass of wine gazing out at the view from the large bay window. A part of me felt relaxed and I was thankful for it, yet there was some anxiety deep inside, thinking about Nick getting off work and going home to find me gone. Would I be awoken in the night with him standing over me? I knew this feeling was ridiculous. I had covered my tracks well, yet I couldn’t silence the feeling of fear that my newfound freedom was at risk.



Chapter Two
The Neighbor

During my first week, I stayed close to home. I was enjoying my freedom, yet I couldn’t help take precautions around the cottage. Nick was forever in the back of my mind, a constant reminder that I was never safe. Once the musty air was gone, I closed and locked the windows and doors, placing several air fresheners around the cottage. If I went outside, lounging in the yard, I found myself glancing around making sure I was truly alone.
Despite my paranoia, I tried to be happy in my new life. I explored the cottage and on warm days I ventured outside. On the second day in my new home, I barbequed a chicken on the grill. Living in an apartment in the city, barbequing was practically unheard of. And despite my lack of experience, I didn’t do too bad of a job. The skin was a little burnt, but the meat inside was juicy and tender.
One morning, I found myself wandering down the shoreline, looking at all the houses that lined the lake. I carried my sandals and walked barefoot, letting the warm sand sift through my toes. I counted five empty cottages, besides the white one next to mine.
It wasn’t until I walked about a mile and a half that I saw any signs of life on this side of the lake. A large house sat up on a hill. The sounds of a child’s laughter and a dog barking floated out of the windows and down to the beach to where I stood. My heart ached. The sounds reminded me of what I had left behind and I almost kept moving toward it, instead I turned around and started back, not ready to introduce myself. I wanted to keep a distance from the townsfolk, just in case Nick found me. I couldn’t help the feeling that anyone I had contact with was also in danger.
It wasn’t until my fifth day that I started to relax. If he hadn’t found me yet, odds were, I was safe—for now. I couldn’t fool myself into thinking that he would give up, but I knew I had to stop worrying and try to get back some of my life. That meant I needed to begin working again. I had put it off for so long, I thought it would be difficult to get back into the flow of writing. But as soon as I opened the file to Sammy’s Big Adventure, I was sucked back in. I sat in front of the open window with the breeze gently blowing in. I could feel the fresh air on my cheeks as the words poured out. I was there for three straight hours before I took a break to eat. And when I stopped for the day, I couldn’t wait to start again tomorrow.

Saturday evening, exactly a week after I arrived, I was restless and bored. I tried to write, but nothing would come out. Watching TV wasn’t working and the book I was reading did not hold my interest. I read the same sentence three times before I put it down and went outside.
I strolled down to the dock and stood quietly watching the lake. It was so peaceful. I became mesmerized by the glowing orange reflection the sun cast upon the water as it set for the day. My chest ached at the thought of another day without my family, I hadn’t seen them in a week and I felt so lonely. Would Justin look different the next time I saw him? Would he have grown, would I recognize him? Would I miss Haley’s first day of school? Not that I saw my family that often when I lived near them, yet the option was there. I hated Nick even more for taking them away from me.
I sat down so I could listen to the noises of the lake. It was so quiet here. The bubbling sounds the fish made when they nibbled at the bugs floating along of the water echoed through the quiet. I heard faint laughter from a cottage in the distance as people went for an evening swim. The weather had been warm the last few days, but I didn’t think it was sufficient enough to heat the water for a swim. The hum of a motorboat was the latest sound I heard. I could just make out a white fisherman’s hat in a boat across the lake.
The wooden planks of the dock below me were not the most comfortable place to sit, but since it was my only option, I made do. I made a mental note to make a trip to the hardware store to buy a lawn chair. That way I could sit out here every night to enjoy the view and listen to the sounds. It was so calming. I realized that I was no longer restless.
I kicked off my sandals, tossing them beside me and dipped my feet into the water. Ahh…it was warmer than I thought it would be. For a second I was tempted to go skinny-dipping, something that in my twenty-five years I had never done. It was such a beautiful and peaceful night I almost gave in, yet I didn’t let myself get carried away. This was me, the girl that wore a towel around her apartment even when I lived alone.
A noise brought my attention back from my daydream to a fish jumping. I watched the water ripple as the breeze blew a lock of hair into my eyes. I pushed it away and leaned back on the dock, gazing up at the sky. Twilight was just settling in and the horizon was turning a pinkish-purple color. The air smelled crisp with water, only the hint of grass mixed in. I had never seen such a beautiful scene in my life. To watch this every night before I went to bed was a blessing I never expected. I wished I could share it with my family. But knowing they were safe and that I was safe, made solitude bearable.
My body went rigid at the sound of light footsteps on the grass behind me. My first thought was that he had found me. I knew this day would come sooner or later, although I had hoped for later. He was a fool if he thought I would go easily. I stood up, slipped my shoes back on, yet didn’t turn around. It might have been the fear that gave me the courage, but I had a plan and I needed him closer. My heart raced as I waited.
The footsteps grew louder as he walked onto the dock. When I was sure he was close enough, I swung around and punched him as hard as I could in the face. I felt my knuckles dig into his stubbled chin. When I pulled my stinging fist back, I took off toward the house before he could grab me. This wasn’t over. I had a taste of freedom and I wasn’t giving it up.
“What the hell was that for? Where are you going, are you crazy?” The deep voice behind me wasn’t Nick’s, although that didn’t mean anything, he could have sent someone after me.
I was almost to the cottage, about to get the spare car keys out of the barbeque, when I noticed a light from the corner of my eye. I spun in the direction of my neighbor’s house. The lights were on and there was a yellow Jeep in the driveway. Oh shit, I just coldcocked my neighbor. That’s a good way to get to know them.
I slowly turned toward the lake and saw a tall man with thick, wavy, blond hair walking toward me, rubbing his jaw. “I am so sorry, I thought you were someone else,” I stammered, cradling my now sore hand and making no move toward him. I couldn’t help the feeling that I was still in danger and resisted the urge to look around, making sure that we were alone. It was only a few minutes ago that I was sure Nick had found me and now that I realized my mistake it was hard to force down the fear. Although, embarrassment was slowly taking over. I had just punched a stranger. I had never struck another human being in my life—well, besides my sister, but we were kids, that was different. My throbbing knuckles only added to the humiliation.
When the man stood a few feet in front of me, he stopped, his lips turning up at the edges, making his blue eyes sparkle. As he looked me over, his smile widened. “That’s one hell of a right hook you got there, lady.”
“I said I was sorry, you shouldn’t have snuck up on me.” I was starting to feel uneasy, alone with a man in a deserted area. I fought the urge to step back.
His eyes widened, the smile fading. “Snuck up?” He gestured toward the dock where I had been sitting. “I yelled hello when I got out of my car, then I yelled again as I was walking toward you.”
“You did? I was so mesmerized by the evening I guess I didn’t hear you. I’m sorry,” I repeated dumbly. My cheeks heated. It was bad enough that I had just punched him, now I kept apologizing and babbling like an idiot.
He made no move, just stood looking at me curiously, his eyes alight with amusement. “Who are you anyway and what are you doing in my grandmother’s cottage?”
“Your grandmother?” I gasped, vaguely remembering her mentioning a grandson. “Are you Sylvia Newman’s grandson?”
“Yes, I bought my house from her a few years ago. She owns this one.” He gestured to my cottage. “And several down the way.” He pointed to the right of his house. He must be referring to the empty cottages I had seen on my walk down the beach. “The others are rentals, but she keeps this one for friends and family. She must think very highly of you to let you stay here. This cottage is her favorite. It’s where she and my grandfather first lived after they married.”
That made what she had done for me matter so much more. How would I ever thank her? “I didn’t think anyone lived there,” I said, nodding towards his house, trying to avoid his question. “I’ve been here a week and never saw anyone.”
“I just got back from a wedding in Philadelphia. Didn’t my grandmother tell you I lived next door?”
How was I supposed to tell him we hadn’t even spoken of the house I was staying in, let alone the neighbors? “No, she never mentioned you.” I didn’t like the direction our conversation was headed. There were too many things I didn’t want anyone to know.
“That’s strange; my mother didn’t tell me you were coming. It’s my job to take care of the renters. And as far as I know, we don’t have anyone scheduled for another month.” He paused, folding his arms in front of him as he narrowed his eyes. “I find it odd that you’re staying in her favorite house, one that’s reserved for family and friends and no one told me about it. How do you know my grandmother anyway?”
My mind went blank. His questions were making me uneasy. I couldn’t tell him that we met on the Internet, like I had Kathy. After he explained how Sylvia felt about the cottage, he would never believe that she rented it to me over an email. All I knew was that I needed to get away from him. He asked too many questions and he was a man, after the last few months I had suffered, they couldn’t be trusted. “My personal life does not concern you. And I would appreciate it if you would mind your own business.” Since I couldn’t think of anything else to say to get rid of him, I stormed into the cottage.
Once inside, I ran to the window to make sure he left. He stood where I had left him, looking dazed. He took a few steps toward my door, hesitated, then turned around and disappeared into his house.
I was relieved for now. I needed to think better on my feet. When he asked me questions I didn’t want to answer, I should have thought of a lie instead of telling him to mind his own business. That would only pique his curiosity. I couldn’t tell him who I was, but now I was worried that he would call his mother and ask about who was staying at her cottage. That might make her go to Sylvia’s and Nick would overhear. I didn’t know what to do.
I wandered around the cottage, double-checking the locks. There was a strange man right next door and the trickle of fear that ran up my spine told me that my newly found freedom was over. I couldn’t help but worry over this new development, but since there was nothing I could do to change it, I grabbed a bottle of wine with my good hand and turned on some music. Then I sat on the window seat in front of the large bay window, looking out over the water. After a few glasses, I undressed and had a shower. The hot water spraying over me seeped into my skin and helped me relax. Was this ever going to get easier? If it wasn’t the constant worry that Nick would somehow find me, it was my newfound fear of all things male. Not to mention the fact that this new male was filled with questions I couldn’t answer.
When I finished my shower and toweled off, I threw on some underwear and a white tank top and went to bed. I would figure everything out another day.

The annoying sound of knocking pulled me out of my well-deserved sleep. Stumbling out of bed, I ran to the door; my only thought was to make the banging stop. “What!” I growled, yanking the door open and cringed with pain. My hand was red and swollen.
My new neighbor, who appeared wide awake and fresh at this ungodly hour, stood on the pavement, leaning against the doorjamb.
He smiled. “Well, aren’t you all sunshine and rainbows in the morning,” he observed, pushing his way into the kitchen. He was carrying what looked like coffee, doughnuts and a newspaper. Placing them on the counter, he turned around, flashing an annoyingly arrogant grin. Even with my mind still foggy with sleep, I could smell the delicious scent of the coffee. It almost made me drool.
“Nice hair,” he remarked, his gaze slowly traveling down. I suddenly remembered what I was wearing. “Do you always answer the door in your underwear?” His brows lifted, his eyes sparkling with laughter—again. 
“Oh God,” I murmured, trying to cover myself, yanking at the hem of my tank, which I now worried was see-through. “I was sleeping, what are you doing here so early?”
“It’s nine, that’s not early around here. And if you don’t go put something on, I’m going to strip down to my underwear.” He wiggled his eyebrows. “I’m feeling really overdressed.”
Feeling frightened and embarrassed, I rushed to the bedroom to fetch a hoodie and a pair of cotton shorts. I needed to get him out of the cottage. He made me jumpy. I was heading back out when I noticed my hair in the gilded mirror above the bed. It was somehow stuck up on one side, leaving part of my scalp showing. The other was matted to the side of my head. It looked like I was wearing a bad toupee backwards. I brushed it quickly, throwing it into a ponytail and then headed back out to see why he was invading my morning.
“What do you want?” I growled again, returning to the kitchen. I stood with my hands on my hips, hoping for a look of impatience instead of what I really felt—fear. The only man I had been alone with for months was Nick. Besides the uneasiness I felt, I was still embarrassed of the way we had met and now I had the incident in my underwear and bad hair to add to my humiliation.
He looked comfortable, sitting at the table by the window, reading the paper and drinking his coffee. He glanced up and smiled. “That’s not very neighborly of you. I just came over to offer you coffee and doughnuts and this is the gratitude I get?” His face was relaxed, a cocky smile lighting up his eyes. I was sure he was joking except I couldn’t help but flinch at his words. If Nick had said them, I’d end up with bruises. I took the extra coffee and swallowed a big sip, letting the caffeine do its job, hoping to push away my dark thoughts. I had to stop comparing this guy to Nick. All men were not like him. I knew that. Jason was one of my best friends and he would never hurt anyone.
Feeling more awake after the shot of caffeine, I sat down across from him, taking a doughnut out of the box. “Okay then. What can I do for you on this lovely morning?” I asked, sweetness dripping from the sarcasm. I forced myself to relax. Sylvia wouldn’t have sent me here if her grandson wasn’t safe.
“I wanted to tell you that I talked to my grandmother last night.”
Oh shit. I couldn’t help but gulp, feeling my eyes go wide. The tiny spark of fear turned to apprehension. “You called her at home?” I moved my hands to my lap to hide the tremors.
“No, she was at my mom’s,” he explained, folding the paper closed and laying it onto the table.
I breathed a sigh of relief. I was afraid she went home early. It would be best for everyone if she kept a safe distance from Nick.
“Why do you sound worried that she’d be at home?”
I stuffed a huge bite of fritter in my mouth; my hand was no longer shaking. “I’m not worried,” I mumbled with my mouth full. “What did your grandmother say?” I asked after I swallowed.
“She told me to be nice to you and protect you. When I asked her why, she clammed up and handed the phone to my mother, who didn’t know anything.” He stared at me waiting for me to react. When I didn’t, he added, “Why do you need protection?”
“I don’t. You know Sylvia, she’s a worrier.” His constant questioning was making me anxious. How was I supposed get him to stop pestering me? The incessant fear knotted in my chest and took hold.
He drummed his finger on the table impatiently. “I’ve never known her to be secretive or protective before. But you’re not going to tell me, are you?”
“There’s nothing to tell.”
“Really? Well then, why, when I asked my grandmother your name, she told me to ask you? Does she not know it?”
She probably wasn’t sure if I would change it or not. Of course I was very relieved, since I had. Ignoring the question about Sylvia, I answered him. “It’s Anna Smith. What’s yours?”
“Noah Bradley.”
I stood up and began to busy myself, emptying the dishwasher I had turned on last night. “So tell me about yourself. What do you do for a living?”
“You’re avoiding the subject.” I chose not to answer as I placed the silverware into the drawer. “Fine, I’ll play along, but you should know I’ll find out what’s going on eventually. Anyway, to answer your question, I’m a carpenter.”
His threat to figure me out hung in the air and I resisted the urge to gulp. The constant feeling of fear hummed inside me. With the thought of keeping the subject away from my secret, I said, “Really? I was thinking of getting some shelves made for my work.”
Leaning back in the chair with his cup in his hand, he asked, “What do you do?”
I moved back over to the table and sat down. “I’m a writer.”
“That’s cool.”
I smiled and nodded, acknowledging his comment. Then I decided it was time for him to go. His close proximity was giving me the jitters. “Well, it was nice to meet you, Noah, even though you woke me up so early.”
He raised an eyebrow over the cup he was taking a drink out of. “Are you trying to get rid of me?”
“No.” My voice shook and I couldn’t look him in the eye.
His smile disappeared, his eyes flashed with a look of concern. “Okay.” He stood up, gathered his paper and turned around. “If you need anything and I mean anything, I’m right next door.” His face turned to a look I could only describe as compassion. It was almost like he knew my secret and felt sorry for me. But that couldn’t be, he just admitted that he wanted to find out what it was.


 




Chapter Three
Hermit

If I thought my neighbor would take the hint and leave me alone, I was sorely mistaken. He stopped by the next day to see if I needed anything at the hardware store. When I mentioned the lawn chair, he took out the patio furniture he had put away for the winter. He set it all up for me and moved the barbeque to the back of the cottage, onto the patio. Then with a smile he was on his way.
The next day, he stopped by just before dinner with a dish of ham and scalloped potatoes. He informed me that he liked to cook but since there was only him, he had plenty. Again, he didn’t stay.
The third day, he stopped by to see if I wanted to go with him to his friend’s house so I could meet some people. When I declined, he smiled warmly, saying, ‘maybe next time,’ before closing the door behind him.
I really didn’t understand this man. When I first met him, he seemed cocky, full of himself and a little pushy. He had frightened me simply because of his gender, but when he barged in the next morning, I was terrified. Now though, as each day went by he was always stopping in to make sure I was okay and ask if I needed anything. His motive couldn’t simply be that he was in charge of the cottages. My family had rented a lake house once when I was younger and the owner never offered us food, actually I couldn’t recall seeing anyone other than our family. No, this wasn’t normal behavior for a landlord and I was beginning to think he was watching over me because of Sylvia. She had told him to protect me. Was he doing what she asked? I was hoping he would ignore her demand and just leave me be, but that wasn’t what was happening. Luckily, the fear that had appeared on our first two visits never rose because he didn’t stay long enough for the emotion to rear its ugly head.
As the days turned into weeks, I actually started to look forward to his quick visit. It was comforting to know that I wasn’t alone and someone was there when I needed them.
A month after I arrived in Shimmer Lake I was starting to go stir crazy. The only time I ventured out was to go to the grocery store. I never made eye contact with the locals, just kept my head down and picked out what I needed. Despite craving human contact I couldn’t risk striking up a conversation just in case Nick found me. I couldn’t shake the feeling that anyone I befriended was in danger. Still, I needed to look at something other than the walls inside the cottage and the grocery store was my only out.
It was a beautiful May day. The wet weather had given us a bit of a reprieve so I decided to go for a walk. I packed a sandwich, an apple and two bottles of water. There was woodland across the road from the house and I noticed trails as I had driven by.
As I exited my cottage, I stopped short. Noah was cleaning out his Jeep with the doors wide open and Coldplay pumping out of the speakers. The smell of cleaner wafted from his car. He glanced up and smiled. “Where are you off to?” he asked casually as he buffed the dash of his car.
Apprehension washed over me. “Why?” Would he follow me into the woods and hurt me as Nick had?
“No reason, just curious.” He turned away, but I could have sworn I saw a flash of hurt wash over his face. He had been nothing but kind to me since I arrived, and after four weeks, I still was short with him. I couldn’t help it. Every time I looked at him, I saw a version of Nick. He had ruined me, plain and simple and I was starting to think that I would never be able to look at another man without fearing for my life.
Despite the turmoil playing out in my head, guilt prompted me to answer him. “I thought I’d take a walk through the trails across the road.” I gestured with my hand in the direction I was headed, even though he wasn’t facing me.
He turned back around, the causal smile returning to his face. “Good idea. The trails are beautiful this time of year. The trees are just starting to come back to life.” He tossed the cloth over his shoulder. “Have fun.” He began wiping the chrome on the door, dismissing me.
I hesitated, expecting him to say something else or hurt me in some way, but he did neither. I walked away feeling silly for thinking this man would harm me. Sylvia wouldn’t have sent me here if he was capable of that.

Noah was right; the trails were beautiful. The leaves were out and flowers were starting to bud. The birds were chirping up a storm. I strolled through a worn path feeling myself relax. I hadn’t felt like this since the night Noah arrived. The promise I made to sit out each night to enjoy the sights and sounds of the lake, was forgotten. He made me nervous and I was afraid if I ventured out too much, I would run into him. I’d seen him often sitting on his deck, beer in hand, watching the boaters on the water. A couple of times he veered out himself with a fishing rod poking out of his red flat-bottom boat.
A bird squawked above me, pulling me out of my thoughts. Feeling thirsty, I stopped to sit down in a grove of lilacs. I leaned back to let the sun soak my face and breathed in the scent of fresh new leaves and the cool, crisp air. Taking a sip of my water, I wished I had brought my laptop along. It was the perfect environment to write about talking chipmunks and mice.
I stayed about an hour, contemplating life without my family and wondering if I was to become a hermit, or if I should start socializing. The lack of human contact was making me feel lonelier than living with a monster. Nick hadn’t found me yet so I should take advantage of my freedom and actually start to live it. As I headed back to the cottage I vowed to make more of an effort. When I went to the grocery store I would make eye contact, maybe even make a friend. The idea of having someone to talk to brought a smile to my face.
When I approached the cottages, Noah was lying back on a lawn chair with something cooking on his grill. He glanced my way when I opened my door, a smile lit up his face. He always seemed happy to see me, no matter how coldly I treated him. “How was the walk?” he called out.
“You were right, it was beautiful.”
He nodded. “Can I interest you in a beer and a burger?” he asked, more out of habit than anything else. He invited me almost weekly. I declined every time, yet he always brought me over a plate, my rejection never seemed to bother him.
My standard denial was on the tip of my tongue but the vow I made popped in my head. “Sure,” I replied before I could over-analyze it.
His eyes widened with shock. “Great, come on over.”
I laid my bag against the door and headed over, my heart racing with nerves. I just had to ignore it if I was going to try to have a life. When I stepped up onto his deck, the tantalizing smell of the barbeque assaulted my senses, making me glad for throwing caution to the wind. Since I had been hiding out for the last few weeks, I was craving grilled food. I had a taste of it when I first arrived and then was cut off when I started to avoid Noah.
Noah handed me a beer and gestured for me to take a seat in the empty chair.
I complied, taking a sip of the beer. It was really cold and it tasted refreshing on this warm day.
Noah checked the burgers and then sat down, his usual smile planted on his lips. “How are you getting along in the cottage? No problems, I hope.”
He seemed nervous, which for some reason put me at ease and I couldn’t help but smile. “No, everything’s great. I love the place. I couldn’t have asked for a better sanctuary.”
He nodded, before jumping up to get plates out of the cottage. He came back with a caesar salad to accompany the burgers. I took another drink of beer, feeling more relaxed with each sip. During dinner Noah kept telling me jokes, as though he knew I was a bit uneasy and wanted to make me comfortable. I really appreciated it. I hadn’t laughed in a while and I did tonight.
The burger and salad were delicious, but I didn’t stay long. Yes, I wanted to branch out, but it was going to take time. I said good night and thanked him. As I took a few steps toward the cottage, he called out to me. “You’re not afraid of me anymore, are you?”
I froze, uneasiness lurking inside my veins. “Why do you think I was afraid of you?”
“I could see it in your eyes on our first two meetings. I backed off because I hated to see it. You need to know that I would never hurt you. You are safe here.” His tone of voice was earnest, his eyes full of emotion.
I gulped the lump that had formed in my throat, fighting tears. My trust in men had taken a dive over the last year, yet for some reason I knew I could thrust this man. I had no words so I simply nodded and turned away.
“Hey!” he called. When I spun back around he continued, “I’m going to the Memorial Day picnic tomorrow. Do you want to come?”
Again, my first response was no, until my vow of not becoming a hermit whispered in my mind and I realized I had felt relaxed all through dinner. I needed—no, craved—human contact and this was a chance to get it. “Sure, sounds good.”
He grinned. “Okay. Be ready at four.”
I nodded and turned back around, heading to the cottage. A small smile played at my lips, and it felt good. I hadn’t had much to smile about lately.
Chapter Four
Fireworks

At four o’clock the next day I stood outside by my car, waiting. The idea of spending an afternoon with not only Noah, but basically the whole town was a bad idea—I knew that. Despite my misgivings, I was tired of my own company and craved human contact. I had been alone, without even talking on the phone for a month. When I first arrived, I wanted the quiet solace; now I couldn’t stand it.
So there I was, freshly showered, hair pulled back in a clip and wearing a yellow sundress. It was my first outing in Shimmer Lake. I felt the need to look good.
I wasn’t the only one trying to make a good impression. Noah emerged from his house carrying a small cooler strapped over his shoulder and a blanket tucked under an arm. He was wearing a navy-blue polo shirt and khaki shorts. His hair looked damp from a shower and was brushed haphazardly. His shirt enhanced the color of his vivid blue eyes. When he walked toward me I caught a whiff of his cologne. He smiled as he opened his car door, showing dimples. “Are you coming or not?” He sat in the driver’s seat, leaning toward the passenger side window.
I opened the door and climbed in. The inside of his Jeep was a tad messy with a jacket and a pair of sweats sprawled out in the back seat. There was an empty coffee cup in the cup holder and a candy bar wrapper balled up in the console. The scent of coffee still lingered. The radio was tuned to a classic rock station. I couldn’t help think of Nick. Did Noah’s liking the same music as my ex make him a bad person? I doubted it. How could anyone who was a relative of Sylvia be anything but good? What did it matter what type of person he was? This was a one-time deal. I would go with him to get the craved socializing out of my system and then I’d go back to the cottage and hide. I’d come out every few weeks when the craving arose again. I was okay with that. I had my novels characters to keep me company. It’s the way I’d lived for years before I met Nick, why wasn’t it good enough now?
Noah pulled into the parking lot outside the park, waking me from my thoughts. We hadn’t said a word as he drove. I was lost in my own head and he appeared to be comfortable with the silence.
The park was full of families sprawled out on blankets with children either running around playing in the park or splashing in the water at the beach. It looked like the whole town had come out to celebrate. There were so many people; I was having second thoughts when Noah opened his door. I reached across the car and grabbed his arm to stop him from getting out. “You know what?” I gasped, feeling panic building inside. For a year, I hid from the world to hide what was happening to me and this many people in one place, was slightly intimidating. “I don’t think this is a good idea. I don’t know anyone—I don’t belong. I should go.” My words were rushed together, expressing the panic I was feeling.
He turned to face me, his eyes showing a hint of concern. “Whoa! Calm down.” He placed his hand on my leg; his palm was warm and gentle. When I flinched at his touch, he pretended not to notice.
“It’s okay.” His words were soft, soothing. “It’s just a picnic. How are you going to meet anyone if you stay in that cottage? Don’t worry, people around here are friendly.” He got out, walked around the car and opened my door. “As long as you don’t punch anyone,” he said with a smirk, reminding me of the first night we met.
He closed the door behind me after I reluctantly climbed out.
I pushed back the fear that threatened to rise at his reminder of that dreaded night. I’d thought Nick had found me and I panicked. “Ha ha. I told you, you startled me.” I reached for the blanket he was again carrying, mainly to do something with my hands. I was nervous and couldn’t get rid of the butterflies having a party in my stomach.
The sun was out in full force, but it wasn’t too bad thanks to the cool breeze coming off of the lake. The soft wind blew the amazing smell of cooked meat toward me. I glanced over to a tented area where a large rotisserie barbeque was placed in front. Smoke rose above a large cut of beef as it spun around the flames. My mouth watered just by the delectable scent.
“Sure I did,” he said dryly with a wink. He took a few steps with the cooler over his shoulder. “Oh, there’s Sam and Kathy.”
I followed him to a picnic table, where a cute couple were yelling at two little boys running around their table, chasing a little brown and black beagle. The man looked to be mid-twenties to early thirties. His short brown hair was spiked at the top. The woman appeared to be the same age. She was wearing a purple sleeveless silk top and a short faded jean skirt. Her red hair was up in a messy bun. They noticed our approach and waved us over. The woman, whom I now recognized as Kathy from the grocery store, glanced over at me. “So you finally got your neighbor out? Anna, right? It’s good to see you again.”
“You too,” I replied, nerves making me shy.
“Yeah, she couldn’t resist a picnic.” Noah sat his load onto the grass while I placed the blanket on top of the cooler. Feeling anxious by her husband, I sat down next to Kathy. Yet another male to fear.
As Noah took the empty bench beside him, Sam’s eyes widened. He leaned his elbows on the wooden table, staring at me. Humor washed over his features. “You’re the one who punched Noah?” he asked, laughing.
Kathy grinned, holding out her right hand. “Can I shake your hand? I have wanted to do that since I was sixteen after he broke my heart.” She glanced at Noah with a frown and droopy puppy dog eyes.
I clasped my hand in hers and she squeezed it before letting it drop with a laugh. My lips twitched upward as I glanced around. I could tell the group before me was very close.
“Kathy, I’m sitting right here,” Sam pointed out, his voice laced with sarcasm.
Noah shrugged, not bothered at all by her accusation. “It didn’t take you long to get over me. You hooked up with my best friend a few months later.” 
As I watched the banter between them, I felt a surge of jealousy. It reminded me of Brenda and Debbie. I missed them so much.
“Anna, are you settling in okay?” Kathy asked, taking a beer out of a cooler and handing it to Noah, then lifting one up for me.
I took it and popped the top off. “Yes, it’s really a beautiful place, although, it’s very different here. I’m used to living in a big city.”
She traced her finger along her beer bottle, making lines in the condensation. “You should come down to Mabel’s for some pie and visit me while I work.”
The name was vaguely familiar. “Is that where you got that amazing coffee the morning after we met?” I asked Noah, who had turned around, his back to us, throwing a ball for one of the boys.
He looked over his shoulder at me. “Yep, you should try the pie. Mabel makes the best lemon meringue I’ve ever tasted. I tried a few bakeries in Philadelphia when I lived there and not one could compare.”
A soft breeze blew a few strands of hair into my eyes. I pushed it out as his words piqued my curiosity. “You lived in Philadelphia?”
He spun around to face us again just as the ball he had thrown collided with the back of his head. We all laughed as Noah picked up the softball and whipped it at the older boy who had thrown it.
Once Kathy’s laughter subsided, she explained, “Yeah, our Noah was a hot shot architect, until that bitch Becca messed with his head.” She took a sip of beer. “Ow,” she yelped after she swallowed. Sam kicked had her under the table. “Oh, I’m sorry, Noah. I shouldn’t have brought that up.”
He lifted a shoulder in a half shrug, as if brushing away her comment. “No, it’s okay. I mentioned it first.”
There was obviously a story there, but I didn’t ask and no one said anything else.
A very tall man that looked like he was wearing stilts began walking to the center of the park. He was carrying a microphone. I had never seen anyone that tall in my life. But that wasn’t the only odd thing about him. He had a receding hairline, a pointed long nose and was wearing an ugly yellow suit. The picture of a canary popped in my head.
“Attention, everyone.” His voice was deep, almost melodic. “I’d like to welcome you to the annual Memorial Day picnic. I see everyone has come out to celebrate and a few new faces have joined us as well.” He paused while he glanced at me. Some people followed his gaze and I felt myself shrink back to hide behind Kathy. With that many eyes on me, the odds were higher that I might be recognized. I didn’t have my photo on most of my books, but with Wendy’s Wish, the publisher forced me. Hopefully the book wasn’t very popular in this town.
“Let’s give a round of applause to the women of the planning committee, who have been cooking up a storm for days.” He began clapping as about ten women stood up who were seated near the tent with the food table. When the clapping died down he continued his speech. “Dinner is ready, if you’d like to form a line you may begin. And don’t forget to put a donation in the bucket for next year.” Everyone clapped for the food as much as they did for the man who was now walking toward the food table, taking the first spot in line.
“Who is that man? And why is he wearing a yellow suit?” I leaned in and asked Kathy.
“Mayor Alfred,” she replied, turning to look at me. A lock of hair fell out of her bun, and she tucked it behind her ear. “If you think that suit’s bad, wait until Easter when he wears his pale purple one.”
The image she created in my head made me laugh but I stifled it quickly, feeling guilty for making fun of a man I had yet to meet. “Seriously?”
“Are you two discussing our mayor’s fine fashion sense?” Noah asked, standing beside me, bending down between us.
I couldn’t help but breathe him in. There was the smell of his spicy cologne, but underneath it was the scent of wood that intrigue me. What was I doing? Sniffing him? Was I so desperate for the soft touch of a man that I’d fall for the first one I see? I couldn’t let that happen. I couldn’t ever trust again. The pain was just too much. 
“Yes, but he dresses almost as bad as you do, Noah.” Kathy grinned at him, and he laughed. She pushed him away so she could stand up. “Let me by, I have to get in line to get some food for the two monsters.” She paused and tilted her head. “I mean the younger ones.” She laughed at her own joke as she stepped away.
Sam looked up from his beer. “What about me?”
She had already started toward the line, making her way between blankets and people scattered all over the grass. “Get your own,” she called over her shoulder.
The dreaded fear mixed with anxiety knotted in the pit of my stomach by the thought of sitting alone with two men.
I stood up abruptly and rushed after the only female in the group until I caught up to her. With every step we took toward the food, the line seemed to grow. Half the town was already there eager to eat. The familiar anxious feeling emerged as we mixed into the crowd. I took a deep breath and moved closer to Kathy. Although, we had just met, I felt comfortable around her. She reminded me of Debbie.
“Your boys are beautiful. What are their names?” I asked struggling for something to say.
“The one over there wrestling with the dog is Jeremy.” I looked to where she pointed and saw the boy who looked about eight; his hair was dark brown like his father’s. He was wearing jean shorts and a T-shirt; both were full of grass stains and yes he was wrestling with the dog over a ball. “And the one trying to jump on Noah’s back is Jamie.” Jamie looked about ten or eleven, and he, like his mother had red hair and green eyes. He was trying to jump on Noah’s back while Noah was making his way to the food table. Every time Jamie put his arms on Noah’s shoulders, Noah would pretend to swat a fly, knocking the boy to the ground. We could hear Jamie’s laughter from where we now stood in line. We watched as Sam approached the two, carrying Jeremy on his own back. Jamie finally landed on Noah, surprising him and knocking both of them to the ground. Sam and Jeremy jumped on them in a pile of laughter and curses.
The scene both warmed my heart and made me sad. I really missed my niece and nephew. “Noah seems to love your boys.” We took a few more steps, getting a little closer to the meal. I actually couldn’t wait; the aromas drifting in the air smelled delicious.
Kathy smiled, emotion warming her eyes. “And they love him too. He moved away when they were little, but he’s been home for about three years. They call him Uncle Noah, which he loves since his own niece lives in New York State.”
“Sam and Noah have been best friends for a long time?” I leaned into Kathy after a short balding man in front of me elbowed me in the gut. Air whooshed out of me and I resisted the urge to groan. Kathy grinned and stifled some laughter.
“Since about birth,” she began, answering my question. “Their parents were close and when Noah’s folks moved away after high school, Noah stayed with Sam’s family. He went to a college nearby with Sam. Sam was devastated at the thought of Noah moving away so it was lucky for him that Noah didn’t want to leave either. He’s not much of a city boy. We were all surprised when he moved to Philadelphia.” Her expression changed as she glanced over my shoulder. I turned to see what she was looking at. The two women I had seen at the grocery store a month ago, who Kathy had called gossip mongers stood in line behind us.
“Hey, Kathy, who’s your friend?” the one with short brown hair asked. Kathy rolled her eyes at me and then turned to look at the women. A fake smile was pasted on her face. “Anna, this is Cindy Mason and Kelly Barkley. This is Anna, she moved into Sylvia Newman’s cottage.”
Cindy’s smile was as fake as Kathy’s. “Oh, so you’re Noah’s new neighbor. That explains why he brought you. Isn’t he friendly?”
Was I just insulted by a woman I had never met before? Obviously she had the wrong idea about Noah and me. “Yes, it was very nice of him to bring me here and show me around. But we’re just friends.”
Kathy glared at Cindy. “Actually, she and Noah have been inseparable since she moved here. He told Sam they get along so well he just had to ask her to the picnic.” She turned to me with her eyes wide, obviously trying to send me a private message. “Aren’t you, Anna?”
By the tone of her voice I was afraid to argue. “Yes, we’re having a great time,” I answered, playing along.
Cindy’s face went cold as she turned to Kelly. “Oh look, there’s Wade, let’s go see how Cheryl’s doing.” She pulled her friend away, glaring at me as she went.
I turned to my new friend. “What the hell was that?”
Her green eyes were now narrowed, her jaw clenched. “That bitch has been after Noah since he moved back to town three years ago. And since she was already jealous of the two of you, I thought I’d add fuel to the fire.”
I watched the two women as they approached a man in a cowboy hat. “But there is nothing between Noah and me.”
She nudged me softly, making me take a few steps forward as the line moved up a bit. We were almost to the table. “She doesn’t have to know that. And besides, if you’re worried about Noah, I’ll tell him what I did. He knows I love giving Cindy a hard time and if it keeps her away from him, he’ll thank me.” When the line moved again, it was finally our turn. She took two plates from the stack to fill.
“Tell me what Jeremy likes and I’ll get his too.”
“You don’t have to do that. I can get back in line.”
“Don’t be ridiculous, I have two hands. You get Jamie’s and I’ll get Jeremy’s. Noah and Sam can get their own, if they ever stop playing around.” I glanced behind me to the four males, who were now throwing a Frisbee around.
Kathy laughed. “I like you. I think you and I are going to get along great.”
I smiled. That sounded too good to be true—my freedom and friends. Maybe I would like it here. I ignored the nagging feeling that I should keep to myself. I hadn’t spoken to a single person besides Noah in a month.
After our plates were filled, we headed back to the table. Noah and Sam took their turn. When everyone was sitting down at the picnic table enjoying their food, Kathy turned to Noah. “Hey, Noah, did you see Cindy?”
He froze, his macaroni-salad-filled-fork hovering in front of his mouth. “Almost. When I saw her headed my way, I ducked behind the boys. So she went after Frank instead. He didn’t look happy.” Frank must be the black-haired tall guy wearing a baseball cap that I had seen her talking to earlier.
“Well, she insulted Anna. She must have seen you two show up together and thought you were an item. Anna was about to set her straight until I told her you guys were basically in a hot love affair.”
Noah turned to me and grinned, a gentle breeze blowing a strand of hair onto his forehead. “A love affair already?” He winked. “I’m fast.”
Sam, who was quietly shoving food in his face, added, “So we’ve heard.” Kathy and I laughed. Noah punched Sam in the shoulder.
The rest of the afternoon was fun. The boys entered a few competitions. Jamie beat everyone at the watermelon-eating contest. Jeremy came in third in the three-legged race with his friend Curtis. We sat around watching them, drinking. Every time I put an empty beer bottle down, Noah was handing me another. If I didn’t know any better, I’d say he was trying to get me drunk. But since we hardly knew each other, I decided he was just being friendly. On the fourth one, I told him I had enough.
“You guys staying for the fireworks?” Sam asked Noah. He was sitting next to his wife, with his arm wrapped casually around her shoulder.
Noah was spinning one of my beer caps on top of the table. “It’s up to Anna, since she’s the guest.” He glanced at me. “What do you think, do you want to stay?”
I’m not sure if it was because I had gone so long without socializing or it was the environment, but I felt really relaxed. It wasn’t just the group I was with, it was the whole town. I hadn’t felt that way in so long, it was something I could get used to.
Besides, I loved fireworks. The last time I watched them was at the park in my mother’s neighborhood. Haley was wrapped around me like a backpack, terrified of the noise. “Sure.” I lifted my soda can to my mouth and paused, wondering about my new friends. I was feeling chatty and loose, no doubt because of the four beers I had consumed. “So Sam, what do you do?”
“I’m a police officer.”
I choked on my soda. “Here? Isn’t Shimmer Lake too small for a police station?”
“I work in Martin; it’s a city about half an hour south of here.”
I was suddenly very nervous. I bent my head, trying to hide my face just in case Nick had my picture leaked to every police department in the country. Of course since Sam had spent the day with me, it was too late. But it didn’t matter; the relaxing, comfortable feeling had disappeared. “Noah, I just remembered, I have a phone call to make.” I turned to him, lifting my leg up over the bench. “Would you mind driving me home?”
“Are you sure? The fireworks are usually pretty good,” he asked, exchanging confused looks with Kathy and Sam.
I stood up, a knot of nerves forming in the pit of my stomach. My hands threatened to shake. I yearned for pockets to hide them in. “I’m sure. You can come back after you drop me off or I could call a cab. I don’t want to put you out.” I was extremely anxious to get away.
They all smiled at me. “No cabs around here. I’ll take you home. It’s no problem.” Noah stood up and started weaving around the people lounging on blankets, heading to his car.
I followed. “Thank you both, I had a great time,” I called over my shoulder.
“Come by the diner some time,” Kathy yelled.
“I will.”

“Are you going to tell me who you’re running from?” Noah asked. His voice was gentle, not wanting to scare me like he had when we first met. We were parked in his driveway. This time the ride was not as quiet. I kept him talking, asking about the people from the picnic. I kept the conversation where I wanted because I knew he would ask me why I wanted to leave.
Fear shot through me like a lightning bolt, surprised by his accusation. “I’m not running from anyone.” I opened my door and got out, making my way to the cottage to let myself in.
Noah followed me in and closed the door. He folded his arms in front of him as he leaned against the arm chair. “Then why did you look terrified after you found out Sam was a cop? You couldn’t get away fast enough.”
I stepped up to the window, staring out at the lake, not wanting to make eye contact with him. The buzz of fear lingered in my chest. The wind was picking up, creating waves in the water. They crashed against the dock, spraying water onto the top.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. I just remembered I had to get home. My mom is supposed to call at eight and I didn’t want to miss it.” I finally turned around to face him.
He sat down on the sofa, picked up the remote for the TV and turned it on. A loud surge of clapping rang out of the speakers as Wheel of Fortune appeared on the screen.
“What are you doing?” I asked, wishing that he would leave.
“Well, it’s seven forty-five now,” he explained, glancing down at his watch. “So I figured I’d wait for you to get your phone call and then I could take you back for the fireworks. They don’t start until about nine anyway.” He smiled at me again, his eyes soft, his face relaxed. He wanted to know what was going on, but I could also tell he was taking extra care not to scare me. It almost worked. I knew he wouldn’t hurt me, yet his constant questions were making me anxious.
“I’m kind of tired. I thought I’d go to bed after I got off the phone. My mom and I talk a long time anyway. I don’t want to keep you waiting.”
He put his feet up on the coffee table, his arms behind his head. The bottom of his sandals were dirty. “I don’t mind, really. I have a sister. I know how women can talk.”
Ugh, how was I supposed to get rid of him? And now I’d have to clean the coffee table. “I am tired though, I’d really just like to relax and go to bed early.”
He shook his head and chuckled. “You really aren’t going to tell me the truth, are you?”
“I am,” I replied, falling into the chair next to the couch.
He stood up. “Fine, I’ll go. I just want you to know you can trust me. I told you I would never hurt you and I won’t let anyone else either. My grandmother asked me to protect you. And I take that seriously. How can I do that when you won’t tell me the truth?” His voice was filled with emotion. He truly wanted to help me…yet I couldn’t let him in. Giving up, he nodded to me as he let himself out of the door. A few seconds later I heard his car start and drive away. Thank God.
What was Sylvia thinking? Didn’t she know how nosy her grandson was? I really didn’t know what I was going to do about him. I couldn’t tell him the truth. I’d lie, but couldn’t think of one to make up. The truth was, I did run from Sam. Now I’d have to avoid him, which was going to be difficult because I really liked his wife and hoped we could be friends. After spending time with people I enjoyed being around, I couldn’t go back to being a recluse as planned. I craved human contact too much.
I sat in the window seat watching the fireworks. I was tempted to go out onto the patio and watch them, but I was afraid of running into Noah. I was not in the mood to be interrogated again tonight. He was right though, the fireworks show was awesome. They went all out for such a small town. Despite the beauty, I couldn’t help flash to a fireworks show so long ago at Disney World with my parents. It was their first trip as a couple and they had taken us. The park ended every night with amazing fireworks. My mood threatened to plummet at the thought of my mother. I missed her so much, my chest ached and tears flooded my eyes.
Since it was late when it ended, I decided to go to bed before Noah got home.

Chapter Five
Arrangement

The smell of bacon broke through the grogginess of my mind. The urge to ignore the tempting aroma was strong. I was tired and needed to hold on to the inky blackness of sleep that helped me forget…something. Whatever it was caused me pain. Maybe the bruise on my left thigh Nick gave me because I didn’t wash his uniform correctly. No, that wasn’t it. It was something that made my heart hurt, when I thought of…I didn’t know. I needed to stop these thoughts and go back to sleep where there was no pain. But the smell was so strong; it pulled me further from the peaceful darkness.
Who would make me bacon? Nick never cooked unless he felt guilty and that wasn’t very often. Maybe he felt bad about the sprained wrist he gave me. Yeah, and bacon would make me forgive him—in his mind maybe. Too bad, I wasn’t going to give him the satisfaction. I rolled around on the soft mattress, getting comfortable, not the least bit interested in easing his conscience, if in fact he had one.
My eyes snapped open as I sat up suddenly.
I was wide awake now and realized the smell of bacon was not a dream. Reality was coming back to me in a wave of overwhelming ache. The something that I wanted to forget was that I was here in Shimmer Lake and not with my family. Knowing I couldn’t see them was what was causing my heart to hurt. Except, I wasn’t alone like I was supposed to be, someone was in the kitchen cooking. Nick had found me, I was sure of it. But why would he be cooking?
I slowly climbed out of bed, pulled on my robe and grabbed the baseball bat out of my closet. The wood was smooth in my hand. It was the closest thing to a weapon I could find. I still didn’t have the courage to get the gun I told myself to buy.
With the bat raised above my head, I tiptoed out of the room. My heart was racing with panic. The floorboards creaked under my feet, making my heart jump into my throat. I froze, listening for danger. The only sounds I could hear were the odd clink of silverware and the low hum of the radio.
As I moved closer, new smells added to the bacon—melted butter and coffee. Someone was definitely here, the question was…who? When I peeked out of the doorway, I saw Noah standing in front of the stove, flipping bacon. There was music playing softly and he hummed along to the tune. I hid the bat behind the door, then pulling my robe tighter, I sauntered into the kitchen. “What are you doing?”
He turned his head, flashing a grin before adding eggs to an empty pan. “I’m making breakfast. How do you like your eggs?” he asked, ignoring my question.
Feeling dumbstruck by the fact that he just let himself in, making himself at home, I gaped at him and the fear I felt turned to shock. “Noah, you can’t just barge in here. How did you get in?”
He pulled a few pieces of paper towel from the roll and placed them onto a plate, then glanced at me, his face showing a hint of amusement. “With my key. I had something to ask you, so I thought I’d make you breakfast. I remember that you like to sleep in so I didn’t want to knock. Tell me how you like your eggs or I’ll scramble them whether you like it or not.”
A sigh of exasperation snuck out of me. I felt like I was dealing with a child. The vow I made to make friends did not include Noah coming into the cottage whenever he wanted. But what could I do? He had a key and if he was determined to use it, he would. I had only known him for a month and I was starting to realize that he took his promise to his grandmother to protect me a little too far. “Over easy.” I gave up for now, too tired to fight with him. I was happy to say I no longer felt fear around him, just nervousness.
He smiled again, this time showing a dimple on his right cheek. “Coming right up. You want to make the toast?” He gestured with the spatula over his shoulder to the toaster. 
I sighed again, reaching into the bread box. I slid four slices in the toaster and pushed down on the lever. “What are you doing here, really? Don’t you have a home?” The frustration over his stubbornness was clear in my voice.
“Wow, you’re so welcoming. I’ve never had such a friendly neighbor before, you’re making me blush.” He took a bite of bacon that was now lying on the paper towel and stared at me. “I’m here because I don’t have any bacon or eggs and I had a craving.” He flipped a couple of eggs and took two plates down from the cupboard. “Plus, I told my grandmother that I would look out for you, so I am. And by doing what she wants, I get what I want, which is eggs. And I was thinking, since you were beginning to branch out, we can keep each other company. We both live alone, there’s no one else around here until next month. What do you say? I hate eating by myself.”
My mind went blank, confused by his words. “What, you want to eat together every day?”
“Well, not every day. Just whenever one of us feels like making a big meal and wants company, why not?” He slid the eggs onto a plate and handed it to me. I took it and then buttered the toast that I pulled from the toaster. We moved over to the table for our second meal together, or was it our third?
I waited for the fear to come and I was thankful that it didn’t. I was afraid that my trust in this man would be short-lived. Despite my annoyance of him, I felt comfortable. Over the last month Noah had managed to chip at the wall I had built. I was still nervous, but that was okay, it was better than heart-stopping fear. I almost felt normal again. “Well, I don’t like to cook, so it won’t be me making any big meals.” I dipped my toast into my egg yolk. “Unless you consider grilled cheese and canned soup a big meal?”
He laughed. “No, I don’t. I love to cook and I’m always making way too much for myself, so whenever you want some good food, you’re welcome anytime.”
One thing I knew about him was that he was a good cook. The few times he brought me food reminded me of my mom’s home-cooked meals. I knew that if I declined him he’d still bring me meals as he had been doing since we met. All he was asking for was company. For a good meal, I could do that. “You just want to cook for me so I’ll tell you my secret.”
His eyes widened. “Ha…you just admitted you had a secret.” He pointed his fork at me.
I smiled, the urge to laugh bubbling inside me. “No, I meant that you think I have a secret, and you’re only cooking for me so I’ll tell you. But you’re wasting your time. There isn’t one.”
“We’ll see,” he mumbled, taking a drink of his coffee. He looked up and winked at me. His words were playful, not at all threatening as I had once thought over a month ago.
I hated that I was enjoying his company. Talking to him was so much better than listening to the hum of the refrigerator or the drone of the TV. I was lonely and it had nothing to do with his voice being sexy, or the fact that his eyes were so bright, I could stare at them for days. Shaking those unwanted thoughts away, I leaned forward. “Well, cook all you want, you’re good at it. Maybe I’ll make up a secret just to eat like this every day.”
He laughed, shrugging his shoulders as he scraped a piece of egg on top of his toast. “Whatever, I know you’re hiding something, you can’t fool me. But we don’t need to talk about that right now, we have to finish eating so we can get to the barn before ten. Wade likes the horses out early.”
My hands gripped my coffee mug, warmth seeping into my palms. Did I miss something? “What are you talking about?”
“I help Wade Barker take his horses out for exercise on Sundays and since I’m looking out for you, you’re coming with me.”
“I don’t need you to look out for me. I’m fine. I told you there is nothing going on. I don’t know why your grandmother said that. I’m a big girl. I can take care of myself.”
He never looked up from his food, just kept shoving eggs and bacon into his mouth. He swallowed and then picked up a piece of toast, staring at it as if he was inspecting my ability to spread butter. “Is that why you keep a bat in your bedroom?”
“How do you know I keep a bat in the bedroom? Are you spying on me?” My eyes narrowed at him as fear threatened yet again. “Are you some kind of pervert?”
Now he looked up, tossing the toast back onto his plate. “No, but you were carrying a bat with you when you came out of your room, so I assumed you kept it in there.”
My mouth was open about to yell, but his words silenced me. “Oh.”
“And besides, when I went back to watch the fireworks, Cindy was all over me trying to convince me to dump you.” He paused, taking a deep breath. “I kind of made it sound like we were dating. If you come with me, I can watch out for you and Cindy will stay off my back.” When I opened my mouth to protest he held his hand out to silence me. “And if you do this for me I’ll make you an amazing dinner tonight. My T-bone steaks are mouth-watering.”
All my fears and nervousness washed away. There were just no words to express how silly he sounded. “You want me to pretend to be your girlfriend to make some woman leave you alone?” I asked him, shocked that this was happening at our age. He nodded. “Well, I do have gym in a few minutes, but I guess I could go out with you after school.” I couldn’t help my grin that threatened to become a full on giggle.
“Okay, joke all you want, but you don’t know Cindy, she’s very persistent. I’ve told her over and over that I’m not interested and she never listens. Except for yesterday when you were there, she didn’t come near me. As soon as you were gone she was like a fly on shit.” He blinked. “And yes, I’m aware that I just called myself shit. Come on, she won’t leave me alone.” His voice was so whiny it made me laugh. He was scared of a persistent woman. I couldn’t help compare him to the monster. What would Nick do in Noah’s situation? Hit her, or even worse. I cringed at where my thoughts were heading. I pushed him out of my mind and focused on the man in front of me, allowing myself to enjoy this. Besides, this could be fun to watch and it wasn’t like I had anything else to do. And like he said, I’d get a good meal out of it. T-bone steak sounded much better than the frozen dinner I would have heated up. “Here’s the deal, if I pretend to be your girlfriend, you cook dinner for me three times a week. And you have to back off the secret thing.”
He narrowed his eyes at me while he thought over my proposal. “Deal, but you may have to kiss me and hold my hand or something like that to convince her.”
I hadn’t thought of that. I tried to find the fear that should have been lurking, instead of the nervous buzz that was coursing through my body. “Holding hands is fine, but no kissing.”
“Peck on the lips and the odd hug,” he countered, pointing at me.
“Peck on the check, and arm around the shoulder.”
Once again, he considered. “Deal.”
Chapter Six
Midnight

Since I’d never been on a horse in my life, I wasn’t sure what to wear to go riding. I settled on a blue T-shirt and jeans. I’d seen people wear jeans in movies when they worked with horses. My hair was down, tucked behind an ear.
I must have guessed correctly because when I went out to meet Noah, he was wearing jeans and a T-shirt as well. Only his shirt was black with a gray eagle spread along his right shoulder. On his head he was wearing a red baseball cap pulled low over his eyes. He was holding another cap in his hand. This one was blue.
“Here,” he said, handing it to me. “The sun’s going to be bright today and it can get kind of dusty on the trails.” I took it from him and placed it on my head, threading my hair through the hole in the back. He slapped the brim of my cap and then climbed into his Jeep. “Come on,” he called when I hesitated. The urge to turn away and lock myself in the cottage was strong, but I fought it, telling myself that I had made a deal with Noah. I needed to keep up my part of the bargain.
The drive to the farm was peaceful, the scenery, like the rest of Shimmer Lake, beautiful. Wade lived outside of town on a farm that seemed to spread for miles. Noah pulled into a lane, driving down a long driveway that led to a large red brick farmhouse.
The barn was to the left of the house about fifty feet away. We met Wade inside where he was brushing a brown horse that had a white spot in the center of its head. Wade wore the standard uniform, jeans and a white T-shirt. On his head was a cowboy hat; on his feet were work boots. He had black hair and ocean-blue eyes. “It’s about time you got here,” he said to Noah.
“She’s not really an early riser.” Noah nodded to me.
“You must be Anna. Noah told me you’d be helping this morning. You ever ride a horse before?”
“Ah…no.” Just the thought of hopping on such a massive animal that could stomp me to death scared the crap out of me.
“Well, I just took Singer here out and there’s only two more that need to go. I’ve got some work out back to do.”
“Sounds good, go ahead, we can handle the rest,” Noah said as he took a saddle off the wall.
Wade led Singer to the stalls and let him in. Before heading out of the barn, he gave us a salute. We were left alone with the horses. I couldn’t see them, but I could hear shuffling sounds coming from the back. The floor of the barn was cement but a lot of it was covered in hay. There were strands of it already sticking to the bottom of my shoes and it was all you could smell.
“Okay, come on, the horses are down here.” He led me down a row of doors and stopped at the second from the last. He pushed it open to reveal a large shiny black horse. “This is Midnight. He’s a good old boy who will be safe enough for you.” He placed the saddle on the horse and buckled him in. “Can you go out and get me a harness for him? They’re hanging on the wall in the tack room.”
I froze. Did I admit that I didn’t have a clue what that was, or should I pretend to know and get the wrong thing? He took the choice away from me. “It’s the thing that goes over their head and has the straps.”
I scrunched up my face. “I know what it is.”
He turned away and stroked the horse’s head. “Sure you do.”
I stuck my tongue out at him, but it didn’t really count since he didn’t see me. As I headed to the back room I remembered my hat, which I had taken off in the car. Retrieving it quickly, I put it on and then headed back inside to the tack room. On the wall were hundreds of horse thingies that, frankly, intimidated me. Lots of metal and leather hung from hooks. I located what I was looking for in the right back corner and stretched up on my tip toes to pull it from the peg. The strap was made out of brown soft leather that was wrinkled from continuous use.
When I headed back to the stall, I heard voices. Wade must have forgotten something. I was about to walk into the stall when I heard the tinkle of a woman’s laugh. “Come on, Noah, dump her, you know we could have fun together.” I peeked through the crack in the door and saw Cindy rubbing Noah’s shoulder and leaning in, trying to kiss him. He dodged her, stepping to the other side of the horse. Midnight swatted his tail and huffed. He didn’t like her either.
“Cindy, I told you, I’m dating Anna now, please stop this.”
She followed, tiptoeing lightly through the hay and leaned up against him, rubbing his chest. “You can handle two women, can’t you?”
I was enjoying myself watching Noah squirm, but now I was annoyed. What kind of woman would throw herself at a guy like this and then willingly encourage cheating? Weren’t women supposed to stick together?
“Cindy, I’m not like that. I would never cheat on Anna or anyone I was with.”
“You always were a great guy. But really, Noah, how much could you like this girl, you haven’t known her long.”
Now I understood why Noah wanted my help. The women wouldn’t take no for an answer. “Actually, we met quite a while ago while he was visiting his grandmother,” I said, walking into the stall and taking Noah’s hand. He squeezed mine hard, obviously grateful I had intervened. I cringed, thinking back to the time when I tried to escape Nick and he squeezed my hand in the car. I shook the memory away before worse ones appeared.
Cindy backed up against the wall and scowled at me. “You never told me you were seeing someone.”
“We met last year. Remember when I went to visit my mom? My grandmother brought her to the house and we’ve been emailing and talking on the phone ever since. It wasn’t serious until a month ago when she decided to move down here.” Letting go of my hand, he wrapped his arm around my shoulder. Flinching from his touch, my heart thumped in my chest at his bold movement. I had to remind myself that I was safe.
I swear Cindy turned green, completely unaware that Noah’s proximity was making me uncomfortable. “Well, let me know when you change your mind,” she huffed, storming out of the barn, slamming the stall door. It smacked against the wooden frame with a loud crack.
He breathed a sigh of relief, removing his arm from my shoulder. “Thank you.”
I let out a calming breath. “You’re welcome. I’ve never seen a woman so desperate in my life. I thought you were exaggerating.” I looked up at him stifling a laugh. “You were right, you do need my help.”
He took the harness I was still holding and placed it on the horse’s head. “Right now I need your help leading Midnight outside while I get Steve.”
I laughed, standing a safe distance from the huge animal. “Steve? There’s a horse named Steve?”
His eyes crinkled at the corners, his lips twitching upward. “Yeah, Wade and Cheryl let their daughter name him when he was born and she chose Steve. They thought it was funny so they went along with it.”
“How long will I have to stand out there holding this enormous horse?” I asked, just as Midnight lowered his head to nuzzle on my hat. I stepped back, panic settling in. “Ah… I can’t. I’ve never been near a horse before.”
“Relax, he’s harmless.” He led Midnight outside. I followed behind, watching the horse’s long black tail swish from side to side. Once we were outside, Noah took my hand and guided it to his bridle. He walked back inside leaving me alone with the very big animal.
“Hey, boy, it’s okay. Please don’t eat me.” My voice was a soft whisper as I nervously rubbed the side of his face the way I had seen Noah and Wade do it. His black fur was like silk.
Noah returned with a reddish-brown horse that must be Steve and tied him loosely to the wooden fence.
“Here, hop on,” he said, cupping his hands together so I could jump up onto Midnight’s back. I did what he said, placing my sneakered foot into his hands, worrying that I would hurt him. I couldn’t help noticing his usual scent of wood, mixed in with the hay and horse smell. He hefted me up and I landed on the hard leather saddle. It smelled of wax. I felt wobbly and held onto the reins tightly. I didn’t want to move for fear I would fall off.
I watched Noah expertly climb onto his horse. He clicked his tongue and tapped the animal gently with his legs and they started moving. I did the same waiting to move forward. Instead, Midnight leaned down to graze on a juicy dandelion growing in the dirt, his lips making a sucking sound as he chomped. I clicked my tongue louder this time, only to hear Midnight blow out air in answer. When I patted his shoulder, he stomped his hoof, making dust fly.
I glanced up at Noah’s back as he drew farther away, his body graceful in his shiny leather saddle. “Uh…Noah?” My voice was softer than I intended, afraid to spook the massive animal beneath me.
Noah turned, expecting to see me right behind him. When I wasn’t there, he glanced around. A soft chuckle reached me from the distance between us. “Problems?” he called to me without turning his horse around.
Was he kidding? “Not at all. I intend to stand in this spot for the rest of the afternoon while you enjoy a nice stroll through nature.”
He steered the horse sideways a little and let out a loud whistle. That was all it took to get Midnight moving. He trotted slowly as I bounced up and down on the hard leather. It didn’t take long to catch up with Steve and Noah. “What do you think?” It was the man who asked, not the horse.
I was afraid to look at him. Instead, my gaze stayed fixed in front of me. We were still in a field, but were headed to a wooded area where I could see a dirt trail. “I don’t know. I’m too busy worrying I’m going to fall off.”
“You’re doing fine, just relax and enjoy the view.” He pointed to the trees in front of us. The leaves were just starting to bloom on the branches along the path.
I shifted my head slightly in his direction, still afraid of making sudden movements. “Why was Cindy here?”
He frowned, looking ahead of him. “Ugh… she knows I come here every Sunday. She lives down the road. She comes by with the excuse to visit Cheryl, Wade’s wife, who can’t stand her, by the way.”
I huffed and nodded my head. “She does come on a little strong.”
Now he turned to look at me, his eyes wide. “You think?”
“Why you?” I asked with a grin. The fear in his eyes made me want to laugh.
He turned away again, gazing ahead of him. “It’s not just me. Any guy her age she considers good looking is fair game.”
I glanced down at my hands. My knuckles were white, clenched around the reins. “Don’t you have a girlfriend? I mean other than her. You’re kinda cute and nice enough, at least when you’re not being so damn pushy.”
A soft chuckle rumbled out of him. It was a nice sound. “Was that a compliment?” he asked, glancing at me. I nodded. “I had a girlfriend. That’s why I moved to Philadelphia. She was following her dream and I followed her.” His eyes that had been relaxed turned sad.
“I’m guessing things didn’t turn out as you’d hoped.” I loosened my fingers a little, getting used to the rhythm of Midnight’s steps. I wasn’t bouncing as roughly.
“It did for a few years, until I found her in my bed boinking my business partner.”
I couldn’t help but smile at his choice of words, how old was he twelve? “Seriously? What did you do?”
A hawk screeched above us and he looked up. “I left the next day, sold my shares of the company to his ex-wife for a dollar.”
I gaped at him, my eyes wide. “A dollar, why would you do that?’
“I didn’t need the money. I wanted to screw him, like he did my girlfriend.”
I laughed and couldn’t stop. It was such a spiteful thing to do. I wish I had thought of something like that for Nick. Leaving him wasn’t enough. I should have cut all the right sleeves off of his shirts. I saw that in a movie once. “So you came back here and started over?”
“Not at first. I moved back, but starting over implies that I did something constructive. First I drank a lot. I stayed in the cottage for days without coming out, until my grandma came down and told me if I continued to waste my life over some woman who didn’t deserve me in the first place I would have to find somewhere else to do it. But if I wanted to move on with my life I could have the house if I fixed the cottage. I did it and she gave me the house.”
My heart warmed just talking about his grandmother. My own died when I was a baby and I suddenly missed what I never had. “She sounds like such a wonderful woman.”
He narrowed his eyes. “You know she is. You just won’t admit you know her.” Dread plunged in my gut—he was going to pester me about my past again. When he smiled suddenly, I breathed a sigh of relief. “But yes, she is a great woman,” he said thoughtfully, looking off in the distance. All I could see were trees and fields, no buildings in sight. It was so peaceful. The only sounds were birds chirping and bugs flickering in the grass. “That’s why when she tells me to take care of you, I listen.”
“Don’t start. Remember our deal, you’re not supposed to pry.”
He steered his horse closer to mine, so we could enter the trail through the trees. It was darker in here but the sun shone brightly above us, lighting our way. “I’m not, but that doesn’t mean I won’t look out for you.”
A branch brushed up against my bare arm, leaving a light scratch along my skin. I barely noticed as I glanced at him. “So, now you don’t trust women?” He hadn’t mentioned a girlfriend since he left the one that cheated on him and that was three years ago.
“Well, I haven’t met anyone that I’d want to risk getting hurt again for. I’d like to think that when I do, that I can trust her. Just because Becca was a cheating bitch doesn’t mean all women are.”
I nodded. His words were wise, except they didn’t apply to me. I knew just because Nick was an abuser didn’t mean another man would hurt me, but since I couldn’t tell the bad from the good, I wasn’t going to take that chance again. It just wasn’t worth it. The fake relationship I had with Noah would be the closest I’d get to a real one again. Love was too painful. “Whose wedding did you go to when I first arrived?”
“Becca’s.”
Feeling a little steadier, I reached out and rubbed Midnight’s neck. His velvety soft fur felt so smooth against my hand. “She married the business partner?”
“Yep.”
“Why did you go?”
He shifted in his seat. “I wanted them to know that I was over it and I no longer care what they did.”
“Wow, you’re stronger than I am. I would never have been able to do that.”
He turned to face me, his bright blue eyes serious. “It wasn’t easy. There might have been some alcohol involved. I did it and now I can forget about it and move on.” Light shone ahead of us, where the tree line ended. We emerged out of the darkness onto a grassy knoll that led to a small little pond. It was pear shaped and clear. The sun shone on the water, making the surface shimmer. The air smelled of leaves, dirt and grass.
Noah jumped off of Steve, leading the horse to the water for a drink. I slowly slid off of Midnight, the edge of the saddle digging into my stomach. I followed Noah and tied Midnight to a bush. He drank the water in big gulps. While the horses drank their fill, I sat on a large boulder, watching Noah skip a few rocks.
“I told you something very personal, now it’s your turn.” He didn’t look at me as he spoke. The long grass beside him that bordered the pond swayed in the wind.
He was right and it was only fair, but what could I tell him? I didn’t want to talk about Nick. I did have other boyfriends though and lots of stories. “My senior year of high school, my boyfriend of two years stood me up and took Samantha Patterson to the prom. She was a major sleaze.”
His hand froze in the air as he was about to throw a rock. He turned his head to glance at me. His eyes were shadowed under his cap. “Did you get even?”
“I didn’t have to. Samantha gave him gonorrhea. He suffered enough.”
He laughed, turning back to throw the rock. “We should head back. I have some things to do before I make dinner.” We both untied our horses and hopped on, one of us more graceful than the other.
“Like what?” Once I was up, I wobbled, finding myself tipping off the other side. Noah grabbed me just in time, before I took a nose-dive into the dirt.
“You okay?” he asked as he let go of my arm.
I steadied myself, spreading my legs. “Yeah, I’m good.”
Noah and Steve started back toward the woods again and thankfully, Midnight followed without any prodding from me. “What do you need to do?” I asked again.
He ducked under a branch as we started through the trail. “Well, if we want to eat, I need to get food.” He smiled. “And I have an order I’m starting tomorrow so I want to go over the plans.”
A brown squirrel launched across the path barely missing being trampled by a big hoof. My heart leapt for a second as I worried the rodent would make me fall, but Midnight didn’t even notice. “An order for what?” I asked when my heart slowed.
“Kitchen cabinets. I’m a cabinet maker. My shop is on the other side of my house.”
“I thought that was a barn.”
“It was at one time, but I converted it when I renovated Grandma’s cottage. Now I use it for my shop.”
“You don’t build houses?” All I remembered him saying about his line of work was that he was a carpenter. And Kathy had mentioned him being an architect. He must have changed professions after he moved back home.
“I can build lots of different things, but I chose to specialize. I enjoy making cabinets. I have a website and I get a lot of orders off of that.” He gave me a sideways look. “What about you? You said you were a writer. Have you sold anything?”
“Yeah, I write articles for magazines.” It wasn’t exactly a lie. I had done it at one time, just not in years.
We were almost back at the barn. We grew quiet taking in the view and enjoying the peacefulness of the day.

“How was your first ride, Anna?” Wade asked me as we loaded the horses into the stalls. Nick showed me how to brush them after we removed their saddles. I really enjoyed doing it. It was relaxing.
“Great, Midnight is such a gentle animal and the view is breathtaking. The only problem is my butt’s going to be sore for days.” I couldn’t help rubbing my abused backside.
He laughed. “Yeah, that tends to happen the first few times. If you keep coming down here with Noah, I’m sure you’ll get used to it.”
I wasn’t sure if that was a good idea. Any more days like this and I was afraid I’d get attached. Noah was slowly growing on me and that was not a good thing.
Chapter Seven
A Good Meal

Noah dropped me off at home before going shopping. I offered to help him, but he declined, saying I’d just be in his way. He was in a hurry to get back home.
Maybe it was the fresh air from our ride on the trails, but when I stepped inside the cottage, I felt inspired. Even though I had been writing over the last month, it still wasn’t flowing as well as it used to. So I had to start whenever the urge arose. I whipped my hat off and cringed. My hair smelled of horse and hay. Writing would have to wait—shower first.
Two hours later, I was lost in the plot of my book. Sammy had just told his friend Jimmy that he found a little world in his back yard. Of course Jimmy didn’t believe him so Sammy introduced him to Ernie, the chipmunk.
“Hello?” a women’s voice called from the other room. Damn, I forgot to lock the door.
I didn’t get up to see who it was. I couldn’t stop my train of thought. I had to get the words down before I forgot them. “In here,” I yelled, typing as quickly as I could.
“Hi, what are you doing?” Kathy asked from the doorway of my office, her hair windblown, her cheeks flushed.
I finished the sentence and pressed save. “Just writing a letter.” I closed the file and turned around. I couldn’t tell her I wrote children’s books. Since she had kids, she might recognize me.
“I’m sorry to intrude. I know you have plans with your boyfriend, so I won’t keep you.” I narrowed my eyes at her, about to argue. She laughed, stopping me. “Just kidding. I know you’re just helping Noah out, he told me about your deal. And it’s working. Cindy’s already spread the news that you two are an item all over town. I’ve seen her face when she talked about you. She’s not happy that you stole one of the most eligible bachelors in town. She’s green with jealousy and I love it. I’m so happy you got her off of Noah’s back.”
I leaned back in my office chair, the springs groaning in protest. “She is a bit pushy, isn’t she?”
She yanked her purse strap up higher onto her shoulder. “That’s an understatement. Anyway, I came by to invite you to come to the diner for lunch tomorrow. My break is at one. I thought we could eat together and get to know each other better. It’ll be my treat.”
There was absolutely no way I could do that. The smart thing to do would be to keep a safe distance. It was one thing to be friends with Kathy, spending time in town was something entirely different. The more I hung around amidst the townsfolk, the more chance there was that I’d be recognized. “I’d love to.” Damn it, that slipped out. My brain knew it was a bad idea, but my heart wasn’t listening. It craved companionship and to hell with being smart.
“Great, I’ll see you then. By the way, aren’t you supposed to be at Noah’s for six?”
I nodded. “Yes.”
“It’s five to six now. See ya tomorrow,” she called over her shoulder as she headed out.
Shit, I was late. Thank God I had a shower after our ride this morning. I wouldn’t want to show up smelling of horse.
I yanked clothes out of the closet, not even looking to see what they were. What did it matter? It wasn’t a date; it was simply a payment for my part of the deal. After I dressed in what turned out to be a black silk blouse and dark skinny jeans, I fluffed my hair and added some makeup.

I knocked on his door at six fifteen, which wasn’t that late considering my track record. Although, if he didn’t lived right next door, I would have been even later. I heard him yell, “Over here,” from the back of the house. I followed the voice along the wrap-around deck and found him flipping steaks on the grill with a beer in his hand. He looked up at me. “You’re late.” His voice was teasing and the words were said with a lopsided grin.
“Well, if we’re going to eat together three times a week, you’re going to have to get used to that. It happens often.” He reached into a cooler and handed me a beer. “Thanks.” I sat down on one of the chairs in front of the patio table, popping the top off and taking a sip. I dropped the cap onto the glass table. It spun for a few seconds then slowed to a stop. “Did you get your work done?”
Smoke billowed out of the grill as he flipped a steak. The smell of the smoke and meat made me hungry. “Yeah, tomorrow I’ll start on the kitchen island. I like to build the biggest piece first and work my way down.”
“Where does this client live?” I asked, taking a sip of beer.
“Ohio. He sent me the plans for the kitchen and picked the style off of my website.”
“Cool. I’d love to see how it turns out?” 
He saluted the beer he was holding at me. “I think that can be arranged.”
“That smells good,” I observed, pointing to the food sizzling on the Barbeque.
He smiled at my comment, then took a foil pouch of what I guessed was potatoes off of the grill and placed them on a plate on the table. “So, Anna,” he said after he set the steak on the plate with the potatoes. 
“Yes?”
“I know we haven’t known each other very long, but I’d say we get along well enough, don’t you think? I’d even consider us friends.”
What was happening? “Uh, sure, what are you getting at?” I couldn’t help the apprehension that bloomed in the pit of my stomach.
He stepped away from the grill, closing the gap between us. “I know we had an agreement, but I have come to consider you my friend and when one of my friends is in trouble, I help.”
The pit of apprehension settled onto my chest like an anvil weighing me down. “Noah, I told you I’m fine—”
He leaned over and touched his finger to my lips to silence me. However it wasn’t his finger that quashed my protests. It was the shock of what his touch had done to me. Heat curled inside me, my skin hummed. I once feared this man, why was I reacting this way?
“No. Listen to me. The first night we met, you hit me and ran away terrified. You wouldn’t tell me who you were, and then my grandmother tells me to protect you. You keep a bat in your room. When you found out that Sam was a cop, you ran. Plus you told Kathy you were from Chicago, when I know you’re from New York State. And the first few times we met, you were afraid of me.”
I gulped in air, scared of what was about to happen and wary of his proximity. He should not be affecting me as he was. I was afraid of men. Wasn’t I?
He leaned in closer, his face just inches from mine. He was wearing his spicy cologne, but the smell of wood was still there. I swallowed loudly, attempting to push the unwanted feelings away. “I want to help you if I can. All you have to do is tell me what’s going on,” he whispered, so close to me I felt his breath on my skin. 
The urge to tell him everything, to let someone in was so strong, I nearly confessed it all. For some reason I trusted this man and felt that he could be the one to protect me. And I craved protection more than I ever realized. Not to be the sole person bearing the responsibility, to share it with someone I both liked and trusted was so overwhelmingly strong, I had to bite my lip to stop the words from gushing out. I couldn’t do that to Noah. It was because I liked him and considered him a friend that I had to continue to carry the weight of the situation by myself. It was my problem alone.
“Can you back up?” I asked softly. When he did, I stood up, moving over to the edge of the deck, watching a seagull dive for a fish in the water. “Noah, you’re sweet to worry about me, but I told you, I fine.” I spun around to face him, hoping that my emotions were hidden from him. “Now hurry up, I’m starving and you owe me a steak.” I was trying to lighten the mood. The conversation had gotten way too tense. I couldn’t get the image of the sincere emotion in his eyes as he pleaded with me to let him help, out of my mind.
He gazed at me for a few seconds before smiling. “We both know you’re lying, but just know that I’m here if you need me. I won’t ask you again.” Then clapping his hands together he announced, “Okay, let’s eat.”
I breathed out a sigh of relief that he was finally letting it go, but at the same time, my heart clenched with regret that I hadn’t let him in. 

It really was a great meal, definitely better than my frozen meal would have been. Afterward, we sat outside watching the water with a glass of wine. The only sounds were the waves crashing against the dock, the bugs hitting the porch light and the sound of frogs croaking in the distance. No sirens, car alarms, or anyone yelling on the street. I could definitely get used to country living.
“You did not!” I cried, surprised at what he had just told me.
“Yes I did.”
“You did not moon your teacher in high school.”
He swallowed his wine then laughed. “I did.”
“But why?”
“Because he yelled at Sam.”
“That’s the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard. You mooned your teacher because he yelled at your friend? I don’t buy it.”
“Well, that and maybe I was bored. There’s not a whole lot to keep kids entertained in a town this size.”
“You did it because you were bored?” He nodded. “Teenage boys are so dumb.”
“It’s true, they are. But come on, you had to have done some dumb things yourself when you were a teenager.”
I thought back to my teenage years, trying to remember doing anything stupid. “Not that I can think of.”
“You never blew off school to go shopping or something else girlie?”
I rested my glass on my knee as I thought some more. “Nope.”
His face was full of shock. “You never got drunk at a party and woke up in somebody’s doghouse?”
“That happened to you?” I asked, laughing.
His eyes creased as he grinned. “No, that happened to Sam. One night, we were at a party, he was getting kind of drunk. One minute he was there, the next he wasn’t. I looked for him most of the night, scared out of my mind. I was sitting on his porch the next day, sure that he was dead when I saw him walking over from the Henderson’s back yard. He said he woke up in their doghouse and had no idea how he got there.”
I laughed and laughed. That was about the funniest story I had ever heard. God, it felt good.
He nudged my elbow, shaking me. My wine sloshed in my glass. “There’s got to be one thing you’ve done, something impulsive?”
“No. I drank in high school, but never really got that drunk. And I was always home by my curfew.”
He looked both shocked and disappointed…until his slips slowly curved into a grin. His eyes were full of mischief. I was afraid of what he was about to say.  “Have you ever gone skinny dipping with a near stranger?”
I laughed as he looked at the water, then back at me wiggling his eyebrows. “No, I’ve never been skinny dipping before.”
His jaw dropped. “You haven’t.” He stood up, peeling his shirt off over his head, exposing a smooth sculpted chest that I had to pry my eyes away from. “Well, that settles it then.”
“What are you doing?” Was that panic or excitement that I was feeling?
“We’re going skinny dipping. Don’t worry, I won’t look. I’ll shut the lights off and turn around while you take your clothes off, as long as you don’t peek at me.”
“I am not going skinny dipping.” My voice was shrill. “First of all, I hardly know you and the water will be freezing.”
“No, don’t think about it. Just do it, one impulsive act in your lifetime.” Now he was pulling his socks and shoes off. “It’ll be liberating.” He was about to undo the button on his jeans.
“Will you stop taking your clothes off? We don’t even have towels.” Okay, it was panic. My heart was in my throat and I know I sounded slightly hysterical.
“It wouldn’t be impulsive if we had towels.”
He flicked the light off before walking toward the water, tugging at his jeans. He was about to pull at his boxers when I turned around. Then I heard a splash behind me.
“Come on, the water is so refreshing.”
Nothing in my life had prepared me for this. I was miles away from home, in a town I didn’t know and now I was about to go skinny-dipping with someone I barely knew. For some reason, when I laid it all out like that, the panic turned to excitement. I was not Abby Watson, an abuse victim from Renwood, New York, who didn’t have an impulsive bone in her body. I was Anna Smith and I could be whoever I wanted to be, and right now…I wanted to be impulsive.
“Fine, but turn around.” I watched as he spun around, facing the cottage across the lake. I hoped no one was home and looking over here. I stripped quickly then ran into the water before I changed my mind. It was freezing, but fun. I didn’t realize how free it felt to be naked in the water. I walked up beside him making sure everything was covered and that it was dark enough, he couldn’t see through the water. “So?” he asked, as I stood a couple feet from him.
“It’s awesome. Just keep your distance.” My teeth chattered, making my words almost inaudible.
His arms spread out pushing through the water. “Why, are you ashamed of your body? Because you shouldn’t be, it’s very sexy.” He winked, and damn it, I blushed. I really didn’t want to.
“How would you know that?”
“Well, I did see quite a bit of it when you answered the door the morning after we met.”
Oh right, he saw me in a tank top and undies. So much had happened since then, that it seemed like a long time ago. I felt myself blush again at the memory, which was ridiculous considering I was naked in a lake with someone I hardly knew. This was so not me. Debbie would be proud.
We waded through the water for a few more moments, until Noah said, “Okay, that was fun, now let’s get the hell out of here. It’s freezing.” His teeth were chattering, his lips blue.
I was ducked down, up to my neck, trying to keep warm. The water was cold, but the spring crisp air touching my wet skin was like ice. “What? Are you kidding, after all that talk about how I should be more impulsive and daring?”
He nodded, stepping closer. “We did it. You finally were impulsive for the first time in your life. And now it’s cold, so I’m getting out. We’ll wait a few weeks before we do this again, then it will be much warmer. The point is that you threw caution to the wind and did something you wouldn’t normally do. I’m proud of you.”
It was strange that his words created a warm glow inside me. Why would I care if he was proud? I hardly knew him. “Thank you. But let’s go. You’re right, I’m cold. Turn around.” When he did, I raced up the beach, tugging my shirt on quickly. It covered me enough that I told him he could come out. I was pulling my pants on facing the cottage.
“Don’t peek.” He gasped, fighting the cold. “But if you do, remember the water is freezing.”
Understanding what he meant, that certain body parts tended to shrink when cold, I started to laugh as I struggled with my jeans against my wet skin. I didn’t peek, but I heard a zipper just before I managed mine. He was much faster at this.

I left shortly after, going home and running a hot bath to warm up. Lying in the tub, I realized how much fun I’d had with him. I didn’t think I had ever talked and enjoyed myself with a man before. I liked Nick before he turned abusive, but we never really talked like I did with Noah. I was reluctant to become attached to anyone. I had only been here a short time and already, I had two friends. My mind told me to end both of those friendships now, but my heart, the part of me that missed my family so much, told me to embrace this new life that I had found and be happy. I deserved it, didn’t I?
Now that I had decided to listen to my heart, I realized how lucky I was to know that in my new life I could not only be safe, but happy.

Chapter Eight
Mabel’s

I worked on my book the following morning for a few hours. I wanted to get the first draft done by the end of the week. And when I had it finished I was going to find a way to send it to Debbie without Nick finding me. How, I had no idea, but I would think of something.
The diner was full when I arrived. Only a few tables were open. Most of the faces were familiar from the picnic Sunday, but no names came to mind. The white-tiled floor had cracks snaking through many of the squares. The walls were red with accents of white knick-knacks and pictures placed all over the area. The smell of butter and meat wafted around the large room. A happy pop song floated out of hidden speakers as I looked about for Kathy.
She was in a booth at the back waving at me. I found my way over, passing a man with bushy eyebrows and a long narrow nose. His hair was as black as ink and he was watching me. His companion was a short stout woman with short curly hair, the color of wheat. She turned to see what he was looking at and when she saw me walking past them she narrowed her eyes at him, slapping their table with a thud to get his attention. I quickened my steps, thankful when I made it without any issues with the people behind me. “Hi,” I said as I slipped into the booth across from her.
“You’re just in time, I just sat down.” She handed me a menu. “What do you want?”
I glanced down at the booklet in front of me. It was about six pages long and as far as I could see, besides fries, salads, and burgers, the main meals were pies. “You’re the expert. What do you recommend?”
She was dressed in a crisp white blouse. Her red hair was up in a short pony tail and her green eyes sparkled as she spoke. “Well, Mabel’s is famous for two things.” She held up one finger, her nails painted a bright pink. “Her coffee.” She held up another. “And her pies, any kind of pie. You should try the chicken, you won’t regret it.”
With my elbow on the table, I leaned my head on my hand, reading the short blurb about the homemade chicken pot pie. It did sound good. “A chicken pie, I’ve never had one before.”
She grinned, yanking my menu out of my fingers and tossing it behind her on the bar. It smacked on to the black and white Formica. “Then, you’re in for a treat.”
“All right, that’s what I’ll have.” I placed my purse on the cushioned bench next to me.
“I’ll be right back.” She disappeared into the kitchen to place our orders. As soon as she was gone, the man with the black bushy eyebrows appeared. He placed a pen and a white napkin on the table. “Can I have your autograph?” His voice was deep and gravelly.
My stomach dropped. This is what I’d feared when I ventured out today, that someone would recognize me, although, people didn’t usually ask for my autograph. Yes, when news of the movie coming out hit the media, my face was on a couple shows, but since it opened, it became more about the actors and I was thankfully forgotten. I never in a million years expected this request from someone in such a small town. “I...I’m sorry, I think you’re confused.” I blinked up at him. “Why would you want my autograph?”
He smiled, his bushy eyebrows creased. “You’re the author of the Harlow Hill's books, aren’t you?” he asked.
Relief set in with a wave. I had actually been mistaken for that author before. Besides sharing the same color of hair, we both wrote children’s books. Her books were made into a series of well-known movies while only one of mine had been. “I’m sorry sir, but you have the wrong girl. My name is Anna.”
His face fell, disappointment shining from his dark eyes. “Oh. I’m sorry to have bothered you.” He slunk away just as Kathy returned with our meals. She glanced curiously at the man and then slipped back into the booth.
“That was fast,” I observed as she placed my plate in front of me, hoping she wouldn’t ask about my visitor.
She didn’t. “Well, when you work here, you get certain perks. Besides, I only have half an hour so they rush mine.”
I took a bite of the pie and was surprised. She was right, it was amazing. I could taste carrots, peas, onions, and chicken of course, all mixed in thick, flavorful gravy. The crust was buttery and extremely flaky. “Mmm, this is really good.”
“I told you,” she said with a wink. She took a bite of her pie and closed her eyes, savoring the taste. “Now that I’ve got you here, tell me how things are going with you. How do you like Shimmer Lake?” There was a big smile on her face and a glint in her eye. I was guessing she wanted to know about Noah. I’d have to set her straight about that.
“I love it here. I’m from a big city so I’m surprised that it’s so quiet and relaxing and no one seems to be in a rush.”
She nodded, running her fork through her pie, leaving lines in the mixture. “Yeah, it is pretty great here. You know, you’d think growing up in such a small town, I’d want to get away to a bigger place like a lot of the kids I went to school with, but I never did.”
I forced down a gulp of my drink. She had brought me a Coke. I had forgotten to order a beverage and I didn’t have the heart to tell her I didn’t really like soda. My preferred drink was iced tea, or flavored water. “I was thinking of going to Martin sometime. I wouldn’t mind a shopping day. You interested?” Although I really did love it here, I missed the stores you found in a city.
She swallowed her bite that she had scooped up and took a sip of her Coke. “Alright, but just so you know, in the future you never have to ask, just tell me when and where.”
A woman with really long black hair pulled back and dressed identically to Kathy, rushed by carrying a tray of food, the smell of ginger floating with her.
I smiled, happy to have found a shopping companion. It wasn’t often I wanted to go, but when I did, I liked company. “Great, I’ll let you know.”
“The question I asked you earlier wasn’t really about Shimmer Lake, but more about Noah.”
The ice in my drink jingled against the glass as I swirled it. “I know. And I’m sorry to disappoint you, but we’re just friends and that’s all it can ever be.”
“Why?”
“Because I’m not interested in dating right now and probably won’t be for a long time.”
Her mouth was wide open in shock as she stared at me. “Oh, come on, you never know. You and Noah are so great together.”
“We’ve only known each other a month and we’ve barely spoken until a few days ago. How can you know that?”
She shrugged, leaning back in the leather booth. “I just do, there’s an attraction between you two. Even I can feel it.” She tucked a small lock of hair, the only piece that was loose, behind her ear.
I tried to ignore what she said, because I disagreed. I didn’t feel an attraction. Yes, he was good looking, but that was as far as it went. Having said that, I had to admit that there was a connection. I felt so comfortable around him. He was the kind of guy that you could talk about anything with. “Seriously, Kathy, I’m not interested and I don’t think Noah is either. He told me about Becca. I’m pretty sure he doesn’t want anything more than friendship.”
Her lips pressed together, her face taking on a defiant expression. “You’re right, he doesn’t, but you both need to be happy.”
“People can be happy without a relationship. I for one am happier than I’ve been in over a year. We’ve only just met and already I value Noah’s friendship, he’s a really great guy. He’s fun to be with and he seems to really care about his friends. He’s cocky and a bit pushy, but it’s all part of the package. I really like him and I wouldn’t want to ruin our friendship before it’s even begun.”
Her eyebrows rose, her pale pink lips spread into a grin. “You like him.”
I narrowed my eyes at her. “As a friend. I had a good time yesterday with him, but that’s it.”
“Whatever you say,” she said, taking a bite of her meal.
I rolled my eyes and went back to my delicious chicken pie.

Over the next month, I threw myself into my writing. Now that I was inspired, I didn’t want to stop. Kathy came over a few times and we sat around drinking wine and talking about Chicago, which I didn’t know much about. When she visited, she’d tell me about her and Sam. She loved being married, but enjoyed having time away to herself. She said my place was her escape hatch.
Noah was busy with his order and only came up for air to cook me dinner on the weekends.
Each time I went over, he thought of something spontaneous we could do. Of course it had to be something I’d never done. One night when I told him I had never played a drinking game, he insisted we do a shot every time the word car was mentioned in a movie he made me watch.
I was hung-over the next day. It was surprising the amount of times the word was said. Of course it didn’t matter to him if I was feeling sick; he asked me if I had ever jumped off of a cliff into the water. I answered him honestly even though I wanted to lie.
He took me across the lake in his boat and talked me into jumping off of a very high rock. Despite my queasy stomach, it felt amazing, like I was truly flying. I was happy I did it—but I’d never do it again. Thankfully, the water had warmed up some since the skinny-dipping incident.
We went riding every Sunday and I was really getting the hang of it. Cindy only made one appearance. We saw her getting out of her car, but once she spotted me she high-tailed it into the house. Noah turned to me and said that he owed me big time. I let him think that, but truthfully I needed him as much as he needed me. He made me feel safe and protected. Somehow, Noah had brought me back to a time before Nick—a time when I wasn’t scared. I was determined to hold onto that feeling as if it were a life raft. The time we spent together almost made me forget my problems. He stayed true to his word and never mentioned my secret. It made me enjoy his company even more. 

Chapter Nine
Uncomfortable

That summer with Noah and Kathy was one of the best I’ve ever had. I stayed away from Sam as much as possible, which was difficult considering my friends were his best friend and wife.
Noah was just as busy with his work as was I at finishing my book. But on the weekends we would go over to Kathy’s or they would come to Noah’s. On those nights the boys would go swimming while we watched from the deck. Sometimes the men would join them, talking us into the water, which usually ended up with one of us being thrown off the dock. We weren’t sure why we fell for it every time.
Kathy was becoming one of the best friends I’d ever had. Almost as close as Debbie and I. Actually I saw Kathy more than I did Debbie. Back at home, we’d been both busy and never seemed to have much time for each other, but here in Shimmer Lake there was nothing but time.
One night as the sun set in the sky, Kathy and I sat on Noah’s deck sipping wine. The men were in the water throwing the boys and laughing hysterically.
“I love summer,” Kathy said with a sigh and then swatted a mosquito that had landed on her bare leg. I laughed, waving at one buzzing in front of my face. We had a citronella candle set out, but it seemed to just attract the vampiric bugs. She was right, though, living on the lake was beautiful in the summer. As the sun dipped low, the sky turned orange and pink. The air was warm, with a soft breeze blowing the scent of roses that were planted between both cottages. The sound of splashing and laughter erupted from the beach. “I wish we had a place by the lake. I’d sit out every night and then go swimming before bed. Have you gone skinny-dipping yet?”
I almost choked on my wine. “What? No.” My face turned beet red.
She set her glass on the table and pointed at me. “Ha… yes you have. Come on, I want details.”
One thing I had learned about her since we met was that once she had something on her mind there was no changing the subject. I sighed in defeat. “It was the Sunday after the Memorial Day picnic. I mistakenly told Noah that I had never been and he bugged me until I agreed. It was dark, we didn’t look at each other and when we got in, the water was freezing. We didn’t stay long.”
She smiled mischievously, twirling the ends of her shocking red hair. “Did you peek?”
“I didn’t have to, he’s not shy. He stripped in front of me. I turned my head as he took off his boxers.”
“Why?”
“Kathy, do you have to ask?”
She rolled her eyes. “I know, you’re just friends.” She took a sip of wine. “So boxers, huh, I knew it.”
I laughed as Noah and Sam approached.
“What’s so funny?” Sam asked me, taking the chair next to his wife. His hair was wet from his swim, water dripping down his face.
Kathy answered for me. “Oh, we were just discussing Noah’s boxers.”
“What?” the men asked at the same time, making Kathy and me laugh.
I let her explain as I sat back and watched their banter. I once felt left out when they joked around and teased one another, but now I was one of them. And it felt really good to be included.

Later, while Noah and Kathy were in the kitchen cleaning up the dinner dishes, I stood up to join them. “Abby, could you stay here for a minute?” Sam asked just I was about to step into the kitchen.
I had never been alone with Sam before. It was something I avoided at all costs. It wasn’t just that I was on the run, it was also his profession. Besides the fact that Nick was a cop, I also hadn’t forgotten that I was ignored when I asked for help. The people that were supposed to protect me had looked the other way. And I couldn’t forget that. “Uh…sure.” I sat down next to him, my hands shaking and my heart beating faster. I made my best effort to keep my voice strong.
He was quiet, staring at me. His face held a serious expression. His eyes were filled with concern.
While I waited for him to speak, I played back what he had said. My stomach dropped, and panic settled in as I realized what name he used. He had called me Abby. “Why did you call me that?” My voice was a whisper.
He leaned forward and lowered his voice. “We both know why.”
I was stunned. “How long have you known?”
“Since a week after I met you.” He glanced around, making sure we were still alone. The radio was on in the house and we could here Kathy teasing Noah about his underwear. “I saw the missing person’s photo of you at work, but I want you to know that I never told Kathy or Noah.”
“Why?”
“Well, when I first saw it, I almost called the number, but stopped myself so I could get to know you. The information said you were missing, not that you were a criminal. I know you’re a good person so I’m guessing you have a reason you don’t want to be found. I also know that you’ll tell us when you’re ready.” He took a sip of his beer. “You don’t have to be nervous around me. I won’t tell anyone.”
I was so relieved. “Thank you.” I stood up. Despite his reassurance, I was still reluctant to be near him.
Screams from the beach had him looking away. When he was satisfied that they were happy screams from his boys, he turned back to me. “You are going to tell them eventually, aren’t you?”
I sighed, because really, I hadn’t planned on it. The more people that knew my true identity, the more chances that I would be found. “When I’m ready.”
He stood up holding his now empty beer bottle. “Good, because you mean a lot to both of them.”
After this conversation and all I had learned about him since we met, the wall I had built toward Sam started to crumble. “They and you mean a lot to me too.”

After they left, Noah and I lingered outside, gazing at the stars. “The water is warm now,” I heard Noah say.
“It sure is,” I said dreamily, so relaxed I could have fallen asleep sprawled out on the lounge chair.
“I said, the water is warm.” This time his voice was louder, filled with meaning.
I sat up and looked at him. His chest was bare and he was still wearing his red swim trunks. “I heard you.”
He wiggled his eyebrows, looking from me to the water.
Understanding hit me. “No,” I said, stifling a laugh.
“We said when it warmed up.”
“No, you said we’d go again when it warmed up, not me. And aren’t you trying to make me do things I’ve never done?” He nodded, a lopsided grin crossing his face. “I have gone skinny-dipping before, haven’t I?”
He frowned, his brow creased in thought. The grin slowly returned as his eyes lit up. “You’ve never been in warm water.”
He had me there. “Fine, but the same rules apply. Turn the light off and no peeking.”
“Alright, but we can just go in with our suits and then take them off in the water.”
My suit, which was a black bikini, was still dry. Sam and Noah hadn’t been able to talk Kathy and me into the lake tonight; we were too comfortable with our wine.
I waited until he turned the porch light off and then followed him into the water. It was dark, but the moon was out, creating some light. He walked toward the dock; the water was up to his chest, just below his nipples before he bent down to take off his bathing suit, throwing it onto the dock. I watched him, then took my turn.
Once I was naked, I felt so free. I wished I could float, but if I did that, he’d see more than I wanted. “Much better,” I sighed, grabbing hold of the dock and floating far from Noah where he couldn’t see.
“Why are you way over there?”
A speed boat raced passed and I ducked behind the dock, hoping they wouldn’t notice I was topless. Noah was unfazed as waves rushed toward us flapping against the dock.
“You know why.”
He swam for a while, his smooth strokes barely making the water ripple. His lower back showed as he swam and when he took longer strides, the top of his backside was visible. My eyes widened and I turned around, glancing at the two cottages that had changed my life, making me so happy. Although I knew it wasn’t the houses, but the people they belonged to. The sound of a splash drew my attention back to the man. He was swimming toward me. I was leaning against the dock for support, my legs drifting up in the water, but now that he was so close I stepped onto the sand below and ducked down, hiding the girls.
“Aren’t you going to swim?” he asked.
After seeing what happened when he did it? “No, I’m good.”
He grinned, his eyes staring into mine. “I’m really glad you moved here. I’ve had an awesome time with you.” He moved closer until his face hovered just above mine. Water dripped off his nose and chin.
I took a step back, feeling uncomfortable with his closeness. He ignored the movement. “I feel the same way. I thought I’d be lonely here and I was for a while without my family, but now I feel like I have an extended one. It makes me miss them less.”
“Tell me about them.” He tilted his head in interest.
“Well, my father died when I was twelve. We were devastated. He was such a great father and husband. When you were in a room with him he made you feel special. It took us a long time to get over. I still don’t think we are.”
“Do you have any siblings?”
“Yes, a sister, she’s two years older. She’s one of my best friends.” I choked on the last word, swallowing the lump in my throat.
Thankfully he didn’t notice. He leaned his arm on the dock for support showing underarm hair. “So it’s just you, your sister and your mother?”
I nodded. “Well, Brenda married a great guy named Jeff and they have the sweetest kids in the world, Haley and Justin who I miss most of all.” I paused for a moment looking up at the sky. “I’m afraid I won’t recognize them when I finally get to see them again.”
“Why can’t you see them?” His voice was soft.
Oops, I hadn’t meant to let that slip. “I just meant, since I live so far away now, I can’t see them as often.”
His lips pursed as if he was fighting the urge to say something. And I was thankful. The old Noah would be questioning me about my slip to find out what was really going on. The new Noah hadn’t mentioned it in months. It just reinforced how much I trusted him.
“It sounds like you were close to them,” he said, instead of what was really on his mind.
I grinned, thankful for his discretion. “Not as much lately. Before I left I was a workaholic. Even so, my mother made me take Sundays off to have dinner with the family. It was always loud, filled with laughter. My niece and nephew whined about what they had to eat and constantly fought with each other. I usually left thankful that I could go home to an empty apartment. But now...” I let my voice trail away as my throat burned. I glanced at Noah and saw his face was full of sadness for me. He leaned in and brushed a tear from my cheek with his thumb. I didn’t even realize I was crying.
“Anna,” he whispered, his face inches from mine. His warm breath heated my cool cheeks, his eyes filled with emotion. He moved closer as though his lips were drawn to mine. The urge to let him kiss me was overwhelming, yet I knew I couldn’t allow that happen.
I pulled back. “Well, I think we’ve been in here long enough, don’t you?” I asked, striding through the water toward the beach, my toes sinking into the sand as I moved.
“Anna wait—” he started to protest.
I whirled around, holding up my hand to stop him. “Noah, I just told you how much this friendship means to me. I don’t want to ruin it.”
He thought for a moment and then nodded. His lips that had been so close to touching mine were tight. “Fine, you’re right. Let’s get out of here before I ruin what we have.”
Relief washed over me as I stepped onto the dock to get dressed, no longer concerned if he saw me. I just wanted to get home and away from this uncomfortable situation.

Chapter Ten
A Night Out

One Friday night in early September, I was finishing a re-write of a chapter when I heard a knock at the door. I opened it and saw Noah standing in the doorway. He was wearing faded jeans and a light brown work jacket. His pale blond hair was askew, falling into his eyes. His lips were parted and tilted upward into a smirk.
“Wow, what’s with you? You actually knocked?” I couldn’t keep the surprise out of my voice. Ever since we became friends, despite my protests he always let himself in with his key.
“I was in a good mood. Come with me.” He took my hand. His callused fingers gripped mine tightly, giving me no choice but to do what he instructed since he led me out the door. The door clicked shut behind us. The cooler September air gave me goose bumps as he dragged me outside and beyond his house.
He pulled me to his shop and in through the big double-boarded doors. I had never been in here before. It was his work place and if he had wanted me to see it, he’d have invited me.
It was huge of course, having been a barn at one time. Instead of the cement floors being covered in hay, and rooms separated with stalls at the end like Wade’s barn, this room was one massive open structure. The oversized walls were covered in shelves, which were filled with finished cabinets and supplies. Different sizes of machines cluttered the center of the room, all focused around a large table saw. On the center wall housed a long workbench. In the back corner under a window was a small desk, holding a computer and phone. Despite the fact that the barn had been lacking animals and hay for some time, the pungent smell of hay still hovered in the air.
Noah led me past all the machines to an area that was filled with cabinets. In the center was a kitchen island. It was beautiful, made of oak. The design around the edges was amazing. Hundreds of tiny roses and vines twisted their way up the wood. It was so detailed it must have taken forever to carve.
The countertop was a gray marble that was so shiny I could almost see my reflection. Scattered on the floor beyond it were the matching cupboards with the same rose design. The smell of varnish almost overpowered the scent of hay, but not quite.
I turned to Noah, who was standing beside me quietly, letting me take everything in. “Noah, it’s beautiful. The design on the doors is so intricate.” I touched a rose; the wood was so smooth, the petals carved perfectly. My finger brushed a leaf next to it running it over the veins. I couldn’t believe he did this, it was so detailed. He really was an artist.
“I’m happy with the way it came out. It took me months, now I’m finally done. And I wanted to show you my work.” His eyes were shining with pride as he watched me.
I wandered around the shop, stopping at different pieces that were scattered on shelves. There were all different sizes of cupboards with a variety of designs on each one. I leaned down to get a closer look at one that caught my attention. The center of the doors had been carved with the images of deer, bear, and I think a moose. The edges were bordered with a leaf pattern. I spun around to gape at him, shocked by his ability. I was sure he was a good carpenter—the cottage was evidence of that—but I had no idea he had this kind of talent. “These are amazing. You take pride in your work and it shows.” My voice held the awe that I felt.
He smiled shyly, something I didn’t think was possible. There wasn’t a shy bone in his body. “Thank you.” He glanced down at his worn work boots, obviously uncomfortable with my praise. He dug at a crack in the cement floor. Suddenly, he looked up at me and grinned. “Since I am finally finished, let’s celebrate. I’m taking you out.”
“Where?” I leaned my back against his workbench, a tiny bit of apprehension lurking in my veins. It was one thing to hang out around here or at Kathy’s, it was something else entirely to go out. I feared he would think of this as a date. I brushed the though aside. he hadn’t hinted of anything more since that night in the water when we went skinny-dipping and had decided that nothing was worth ruining our friendship.
His hands were shoved in the pocket of his jeans as he took a step closer, closing a cupboard door that was left open on the island. “I want to take you to dinner at my favorite restaurant in Martin and then to a hockey game afterward.”
My face scrunched up in disgust. “Um, a hockey game sounds kind of boring.”
“Have you been to one?” He cocked a brow, his eyes searching.
“No, but hockey doesn’t interest me.”
“Remember, I’m making you do things you don’t normally do. So go change, I’ll be by to pick you up in half an hour.” I stared at him, unsure if it was worth the fight. I didn’t want to go for obvious reasons, but he looked so excited, I didn’t have the heart to disappoint him. He gently pushed me out of the door, ordering me to get ready. Despite the slight drop in temperature, I was wearing a pale blue tank top under a green hoodie and instead of pants I was wearing jogging shorts. When I work, I go for comfort.
“Fine,” I grumbled, stepping through the door, knowing that it was impossible to argue with him.

He took me to a restaurant called Stripes. I had changed out of the shorts and was wearing my stretchy black jeans and a long plum blouse. It was cool, so I was thankful that I thought to bring a thick black coat. The restaurant was noisy, more of a sports bar. Everyone there appeared to be going to the game. Hockey jerseys as far as the eye could see. Even Noah was wearing one. I felt a little left out.
It was the Cougars against the Martin Mallards. We sat at the bar, between a bunch of noisy guys wearing blue and yellow; the colors of the Mallards. I ate my burger listening to Noah and the guys arguing about who was more important to the team, the defense players or the forwards.
“How long have you two been an item?” a man named Ed asked. He was sitting across from us with a plateful of fries and a frosty mug of beer in front of him.
Noah smiled over his own beer. “About four months.”
Surprised by his words, I kicked him. “We’re not dating. We’re just friends.”
Ed’s forehead creased, causing the dark patch of hair on his head to inch forward. He was a big burly man with dark brown eyes and a goatee. “Really? Are you sure, because I’m sensing a vibe between the two of you?” His choice of words sounded humorous coming from a guy as manly looking as he was. The hockey jersey he was wearing only added to the look.
Noah wrapped his arm around my shoulder. “She’s only kidding, she’s mad about me.”
Ed smiled. “That’s what I thought.”
I spun around in my stool, sneering at Noah, who raised his beer in the air giving me a wink. Sometimes he was really aggravating.

The drive to the arena was interesting. I was behind the wheel and I didn’t have a clue where I was going. Noah was a little tipsy so his directions were somewhat confusing.
It felt like hours when we finally pulled into the full lot and squeezed through the crowd to our seats. We were about halfway up in the bleachers so we had a pretty good view. The arena was crowded and noisy. Music was blaring, people were shouting, popcorn and beer was been sold by peddlers wandering through the bleachers. I had to admit that it was very exciting.
“This is cool,” I admitted as people started stomping their feet in time to the song, We Will Rock You. It was playing on the loud speakers. I joined in stamping my sneakers against the wooden planks—thump thump, thump thump...thump thump! The stomps echoed through the arena along with the music.
“I knew you’d like it,” he whispered in my ear. A tingle shot through me as his hot breath caressed my skin. Surprised by my reaction, I moved away from him, leaving a space between us. He didn’t stop me, but his gaze was making me nervous.
I needed the space to figure out why he had done that and why he had said we were a couple at the bar. It might have been all the beer he’d consumed. It was the most I had seen him drink since we met, months ago. There was a look in his eyes as I watched him. I had noticed the same thoughtful expression a few times since that night in the lake. Fleeing slightly uncomfortable, it had me turning away to look straight ahead at the ice.
“Anna.” He moved closer, closing the gap I had created. His tone was low and husky. His voice was normally deep and sexy but when he lowered it like that, it sounded like a mating call, making my insides turned to mush. Pushing those thoughts away, I focused on the game. I didn’t want to hear what he was about to say.
I was saved when the Cougars skated out onto the ice. Noah stood up along with many others and started booing the opposing team.
The boos turned to cheers as the Mallards rushed out, skating around the rink doing practice shots.
I found myself getting carried away by the excitement. At first when the Cougars scored, I would sit while Noah and our neighbors would stand up in protest, or when the Mallards got a goal they would do a celebratory dance in the stands. But I soon found myself joining them, giving high fives to strangers, something I had never done in my life. By the end of the night, I knew that the person sitting next to me was in his sixties and worried that his grandson wouldn’t get into college. He talked constantly, telling me most of his problems, even that he needed a new lock for his front door. I nodded and made soothing sounds when appropriate, I felt like a bartender. Between bouts of complaining, he would stand up and pound his fist in the air with a Wahoo.
My throat was sore as we left the stands. All of our spirits were high from the win.

In the car Noah and I talked about the game. It had been close throughout, but in overtime the Mallards scored the winning goal. Noah cheered all over again as I tried to concentrate on the road. He yanked off his jersey and twirled it in the air. Thankfully he was wearing a denim button-down underneath. All the beer he drank at the bar and the arena was catching up to him and he was falling asleep by the time I pulled into his driveway.
“Noah, wake up, I can’t carry you.” I poked him in the shoulder.
His head was resting on the window. He opened one vivid blue eye and smiled. “Hi, Anna,” he whispered.
“Hi. Wake up, you’re home. I can’t lift you.” I climbed out of the Jeep and stepped over to his door and pulled. He finally got the hint, stumbling out of the car as I held him under his shoulders for support.
He leaned his head on my shoulder and twisted around to stare into my eyes. “I have so much fun with you.”
Grunting under his wait, I mumbled, “I know, you said that before. I have fun with you too.”
“You do?” His face took on a look of shock. When we reached the steps, I pushed him up. He leaned on the porch railing.
“Of course, I do. Which key is it?” I sifted through the key ring, the keys that jingled in my hand, all looked the same.
“Let me see.” He leaned in close, reaching for them, but instead of taking them out of my hands, he shoved me into the wall of the house. He was clumsy in his inebriated state. The image of Nick flashed in my mind and I closed my eyes bracing for the pain. It didn’t come. “You’re so pretty, Anna.” His voice was a soft caress, no longer slurring his words. I opened my eyes to see him lean forward, placing his hands on either side of my face before touching his lips to mine.
My mind went blank. So much had happened in the last few seconds. One moment I was trying to open the door, the next I was terrified he would turn into Nick, and now he was kissing me. I couldn’t keep up, my head was spinning.
The kiss was gentle at first, but soon erupted to a volcanic passion I had never felt in my life. I was confused by what was happening and that it had happened in the first place. One thing was for sure though, he was a great kisser. His lips were soft and smooth, his tongue dancing against mine, creating sensations I had never felt before. He tasted of beer and smelled of spice and oak. His hands were warm as they moved softly down my arms to guide me to the door. Pulling away, only to take the keys from me, no longer appearing drunk, he turned the knob.
He kissed me again inside, the sensations now turned to need as he guided me to his bedroom. I hadn’t been touched this way in so long. I needed it. No, I craved it—him—to touch me, to make me feel.
Once I realized where he was leading us, fear washed over me like a bucket of ice water. I couldn’t do this, no matter how badly I wanted it. “No, I can’t.” I shoved him away.
He wobbled a bit, falling against the sofa. “Why?” he asked, staring intently, a look of longing burning in his eyes.
I felt guilty instantly, but I just couldn’t do this. “Because, I don’t want to ruin what we have.”
He smiled, his eyes glazed, showing me that he wasn’t as sober as I thought. “I could only make it better.”
“Come on, Noah, it’s late. Go to bed.”
“Want to join me? I could rock your world.” His smile was cocky, his eyes flashed with need.
Wow, I hadn’t had an offer like that since Jimmy Jacobs asked me to jump the bush in seventh grade. I chose to ignore his comment. “Are you okay? Or do you need help before I leave?”
“I’m fine,” he slurred, starting to unbutton his shirt, the sting of rejection showing on his face. His fingers fumbled, unable to do it. He sighed giving up, then staggered to his bedroom. Once he was inside, I heard a crash.
Rushing into the room, I saw him sprawled out on the floor beside a broken bedside lamp. I grabbed his arms and pulled. After a few attempts, I finally managed to get him on the bed and under the covers. As I placed the blanket over him, he whispered, “I love you, Anna,” before falling asleep.
Oh shit. My heart plummeted. My new life that I cherished was now ruined. How was I supposed to face him, I thought as I let myself out of his house and into mine.
Once inside my cottage, I ran a bath. Soaking inside the tub, I tried to think of a way to fix this. Maybe if I ignored it, he wouldn’t bring it up again. But what if he did? I could move. Yeah, that’s a brilliant Idea, where would I go?
I knew I was being ridiculous, but hearing that Noah loved me even if he didn’t mean it really freaked me out. I counted on him to be my friend, I felt normal around him.  Now, I didn’t know how to feel. I couldn’t have a relationship with him. That was out of the question. And I couldn’t move. I didn’t know what the hell to do so I decided to postpone the problem.

The next morning I copied my book. I had finished the first draft last week and had started the rewrites. I was going to go to Martin to find a library and somehow send it to Debbie. It would probably take all day and if it didn’t, I would find something else to do. I decided last night that the only way to solve my problem was to avoid it. What else was there? Act like an adult and face the situation head on? Ha! No thanks.
I found the library right next to city hall. It was an old red brick building, lined with windows. The maple trees that grew in front and to the side were just turning red, brown and yellow. Vines grew up the side of the building, giving the appearance that it had grown from the earth, instead of being built. Once inside the musty-smelling building, sitting at a computer cubby, I took out my things. Turning the computer on, I created an email account under the name of Steve Brody. He was a mystery novelist and a client of Debbie’s. If Nick looked in her email he wouldn’t notice anything strange about Steve sending Debbie pages.
In the body of the email I wrote simply: Debbie, attached are the pages you asked for, Steve. Then I attached my file with the finished book. I sent a quick note with the chapters inside the file. Debbie, please don’t send an email back unless you write to Steve. I’m okay, tell my family in person. I love and miss you all. Don’t tell Brian. I knew that Brian was a good guy, but he was also a police officer, and Nick’s best friend. I didn’t know which side he would be on and I felt uncomfortable putting him in the position to choose.
I sent the email, wishing I could have written more. God, I missed them so much, I had such a great life now. I didn’t want to risk losing it. I just had to have hope that one day, I wasn’t sure how or when, that I would see my family again. Maybe Nick would move on and find someone else. Debbie could somehow let me know. Not that I wanted him to abuse another innocent girl. I just wanted him to forget me.
Since it didn’t take me long to send the emails, I decided to work from the library. I didn’t want to get home until dark. I thought I’d stay the day and pick up Chinese takeout on the way home for dinner. That was what Shimmer Lake was lacking—good takeout. When I got home, hopefully I could go straight to bed. I wasn’t sure if I’d be able to do this for long, but I knew I wasn’t ready to face Noah right now.
Before I left the library many hours later, I checked to see if Debbie had gotten back to me. She hadn’t. I was disappointed, but since it was the weekend, I wasn’t surprised. She did have access to her work email from home, but she didn’t always check it.
When I arrived home at about ten o’clock that night, I glanced at Noah’s. The house was dark, with a just the glow from the TV. That usually meant that he had fallen asleep on the couch. I sighed with relief, slid the key in the lock, pushed the door open, and screamed.

Chapter Eleven
Pity Party

It was dark in the living room, but I could see the outline of a man lounging in my favorite armchair. Panic threatened to choke me. All I could think was that Nick had found me. I spun around, about to make a dash for the door when he spoke. “Anna.” Noah’s voice stopped me in my tracks. 
Shit! Panic slowly leaked out of me. I was thankful it wasn’t Nick, but he wasn’t the only one I was avoiding right now. “Jesus Christ, Noah. What the hell are you doing? Trying to scare me to death?” I was holding my heart, which was jumping out of my chest.
His arm stretched out, turning on the lamp beside him, illuminating his face, which was hard, his eyes filled with worry. He was wearing worn jeans and a navy sweatshirt. His hair was ruffled as though he had been running his hand through it in frustration. “Where were you?” His voice was strained, etched with anxiety. My mind went to a dark place, a different time, a different man, sitting in a dark room waiting for me. I blinked, pushing my gloomy thoughts away.
Suddenly feeling guilty, I looked away from him, tossing my bag onto the couch, then started to busy myself by hanging up my coat. “I went to Martin for the day. I had some things to take care of. Why?”
“I’ve been out of my mind with worry.”
I glanced at him as I stood in front of the coat rack, my arms crossed, hiding my shaking hands. Anxiety threatened to stir. The scene was too familiar. “You were worried about me? That’s ridiculous, I’m a grown woman.”
Even from this distance I could see him frown. “I was more worried that you left without saying goodbye. Or who or whatever you’re running from, found you. I have been driving around all day searching.” He ran his hands down his face and sighed. A sign of relief or agitation, I couldn’t tell. “Why the hell didn’t you tell me you were going to Martin?” Judging by the tone of his voice I’d guess agitation. Again, I flashed to a different man, dark cold eyes as he spat hateful words at me.
I had to stop thinking of Nick. Yes, the scene was familiar, but unlike Nick, Noah was worried for me. He knew I was running from something and I had left for the full day without letting him know. I didn’t blame him for being angry. He looked like he’d had a rough day. And it was my fault, because I was too scared to face him.
Although I knew I was in the wrong, my pride would not let me show it. Instead, I stood with my hand on my hip, irritation spiking. I felt the need to defend myself. Maybe it was the guilt. I hated feeling that way when I knew what I was doing was right. I needed to keep my distance. “Because I’m not a child and you’re not my father.”
He shook his head, his lips pressed tightly together. “No, I’m not your father, but I am someone who cares about you.” His words reminded me of the ones he murmured last night right before he drifted off. I turned my head, looking out the window I couldn’t face him, those words hung in the air between us. The last time I was told them my life was turned upside down. My chest ached at the thought. “That’s it, isn’t it? You left today because you were avoiding me.”
I stared at him, my face a blank mask. He was standing now, gazing at me with tortured eyes, making my heart ache. Don’t fall for it, I scolded myself. “Don’t be stupid. I told you, I had errands to run.” I wanted my voice to be strong, convincing him that I didn’t care, but instead they were soft, almost a question, emphasizing my confusion. I only hoped he didn’t notice.
He shook his head again, pointing at me, the action was accusatory. “You’re upset because I said I loved you and you were afraid I’d mention it or tell you again. That’s why you left for the day, to avoid me. I’m right, aren’t I?”
The ache in my chest was now throbbing. Closing my eyes, I took a deep breath in. After a few seconds I opened them. “Noah, what does it matter? I’m home now and tired, I’d like to go to bed.” I started for my room.
I didn’t get far before he grabbed my arm, whirling me around to face him. Panic shot through me so suddenly I choked on it. Despite the gentle hand, it wasn’t his grip I felt. It was one that was hard as a vise. I blinked, seeing Noah’s face, the feeling washed away.
His eyes were wild with frustration and pain. “No, you’re going to sit down and listen to me. You owe me that after what you put me through.” I tried not to compare him to Nick. Although his voice was harsh and his eyes wild, a look I was very familiar with, the overall vibe was disappointment. He wanted more and I had rejected him
Tears threatened to fall. Everything I had built here, my friendship with him and Kathy—my peaceful existence was slipping away, I could feel it. My chest burned with the loss. “Noah, please don’t do this.” All I could manage was a whisper, afraid of what was about to happen.
He stepped forward. “Don’t do what? Tell you that I love you?” His voice was soft.
I stared into his eyes, but I couldn’t say anything. My emotions were in turmoil. I needed him to show me how love is supposed to be and I knew he would be gentle despite his anger. But I also hated the thought of losing him. And getting romantically involved with him would do that. My history with love wasn’t a good one. Besides Nick, the only person close to being serious was Jason and I lost him.
“I love you.” He took my hands in his, all the tension drained from his face. His hands were warm. I hated the tingle that I felt when he touched me. It made me want something that I couldn’t have. “I didn’t want to after what happened with Becca, but I do and I can’t change that. These last few months have been the happiest of my life. And it’s because of you, Anna. I love being with you, I love our time together.” His eyes burned with longing. “But I want more.”
I felt tears run down my cheeks. He was ruining everything. I pulled my hands out of his, stepping away from him. Swallowing the lump in my throat, I shook my head. “Noah I can’t give you more, I’m sorry.” I said the words softly, knowing it would hurt him. Why did everything have to change?
His eyes reflected the same sting of rejection as they had last night. It pained me to see it again. “You love me too, I know you do. I also know you felt something in that kiss last night, just as much as I did. Are you just going to ignore what we feel?”
The ache in my chest returned, piercing my soul. “I can’t be with you that way.”
“You’re not saying you don’t love me.”
“Please stop this, you’re ruining everything. We were happy the way things were, why did you have to do this?” My voice was rising from sheer desperation. I was afraid of losing what we had, but most of all, I was afraid of losing him.
“Because I was happy with you, but I know that we can be more, we can have everything.” His eyes shone brightly with emotion and the urge to jump into his arms was so strong.
I did want what he was offering, yet I knew it wouldn’t last. Love never does. In the end everyone gets hurt. My parents had an everlasting love that was cut short by death, leaving my mother devastated. My love for Nick was crushed after one blow. Noah’s ex cheated on him. Why would he think we would be different? It didn’t last. I may write about fairy tales, but I knew they weren’t real, just stories made from minds like mine.
“I can’t.” It was a whisper, but from the flare of pain in his eyes, I knew he heard me.
“Stop saying that you can’t, and tell me why.” Desperation echoed through his voice.
“Noah, that’s all I can say.”
He blinked. “I have a right to know.”
“I know you do, but I’ve said everything that I can.” 
He backed up, a look of sorrow covering his face. “Then so have I.” He walked to the door and opened it.
“What does that mean?” I asked, before he took a step outside.
“I want more, and I can’t just be your friend.” With those words hovering in the air he stormed out, slamming the door behind him.
I wanted to run after him and do whatever I had to, to make it the way it was. But I couldn’t. He changed things and there was no going back. I forced myself not to cry, I could live without Noah, we were friends, that’s all. I had only known him for a few months, I didn’t need him. And I was lying to myself, as much as I was lying to him. 
He was everything to me, a giant I looked up too, bigger than life, the last drop of water when I was thirsty, my bright spot in the cloudy world Nick had created and I couldn’t ruin that. If I took the plunge, be what he wanted, what would happen if it ended? I couldn’t survive without him.
Without my family he was the most important person in my life and I wasn’t willing to risk losing him. But my fear of loss was what had pushed him away. The irony was not lost on me.
The room felt empty without him and it didn’t help that his scent of spice and wood still lingered in the air. I fell onto the couch, feeling exhausted. I threw my head down on a cushion and let the tears that had threatened earlier, fall.

Over the next few days I buried myself in my work. I ate and wrote and did nothing else. I tried not to think of him, but he was forever on my mind. The look of rejection on his face haunted me. The only thing that pushed the image away was writing. So that’s what I did.

Friday afternoon, Kathy stopped by. “Hey, how are you?” Her voice was cheerful as she stepped inside the cottage. I gestured for her to come in and closed the door behind her. I couldn’t help but glance outside, to see if my neighbor was home. My heart sunk when I saw the empty driveway.
“I’m good, just working hard, how about you?”
“I don’t know about hard, but I’ve been working.” She grinned, her eyes crinkling in the corners. Her hair was down, flowing to her shoulders. The color appeared lighter, almost coppery when it was down. During the summer, she wore it up a lot.
“Do you want a drink?” I asked, feeling uncomfortable. Not knowing what she knew was killing me.
“Sure.” She climbed onto a stool in front of the island, yanking at the hem of her red fitted sweater.
I took out two cans of iced tea and handed one to her before leaning against the counter and opening up my own.
“So,” she began, a line appearing between her eyes. “Do you remember when we talked about changing our weekend plans to Friday movie nights?” Since the summer was over, the days spent swimming in the lake were numbered.
“Yeah,” I answered slowly, worried where she was going with this.
“Why don’t I come over here so we can watch a chick flick and Noah can go to our place? That way we can all watch what we want. The four of us would never agree on one movie anyway.”
I tried to ignore the twinge of rejection. We had always done things together. “Noah doesn’t want to see me, does he?”
She squirmed in her seat. “No, I’m sorry.” She reached out and laid her hand on mine. “But really, can you blame him?”
“Yes!” My voice was shrill even to my ears as I slammed my can down on the counter. Amber liquid bounced out of the hole, falling onto the marble surface. “Everything was going great and he had to ruin it.”
“Anna, he wasn’t trying to ruin what you had, he wants to make it better.”
Sighing, I waved my hand at her. “It doesn’t matter. I’m fine with a girl’s night. We’ve never had one before.”
“It does sound fun. We can do facials and maybe I’ll stay the night. Getting away from all the testosterone at home sounds really good.” She paused, taking a sip of her drink. “And you can tell me why you’re willing to throw away the perfect guy. I know you love him, he knows it. The only one who won’t admit it, is you.”
I closed my eyes, taking a steadying breath to calm myself, before opening them to gaze at her. I was tired of defending myself to these people. “Kathy, I want you to come over, but please don’t nag me about this. I won’t tell you any more than I told him.”
She raised her arms in the air in a sign of defeat. “Fine, I’ll see you tonight. I’ll supply the food. You supply the movie, the girlier the better.” She stood up and walked to the door. As her hand touched the door knob, she turned her head to look at me. “By the way, Sam wanted me to give you a message. ‘You promised.’” Her face was a mask of confusion by her husband’s words. “I don’t know what it means and I hate that he knows something I don’t.” She tilted her head, her expression changing to a grin, her eyes bright. “I’ll see you tonight.”

Sam’s message haunted me for the rest of the day. While I was writing about a ten-year-old boy and a talking dog, somehow the words “you promised” continued to show up on the pages.
Even at the movie store, the title Promise seemed to stand out over all of the others. The movies were on a rack in the back of the general store and there wasn’t much of a selection. Thankfully they did have Notting Hill, with Julia Roberts and Hugh Grant. Since it was one of my favorites, I hoped it would get me out of my dismal mood. I really did need cheering up. The last few days without Noah were so lonely. We didn’t usually see each other that much during the week, but now that I knew I couldn’t even if I wanted to, it made me miss him more than I realized I could.

Kathy showed up at about six with takeout from Mabel’s. We sat on the deck enjoying the cool fall weather and the leaves on the trees that were now orange, brown, and yellow.
“Burgers and fries? Good call,” I said, taking the food out of the bag while Kathy poured us each a glass of raspberry sparkling wine.
“I figured you’d want something greasy. I also brought chocolate ice cream for later.”
I paused, a burger poised in my hand. “You’re treating this like a break-up. You know we were only friends.”
“Uh-huh.” She leaned back in her chair and took a sip of wine.
I narrowed my eyes at her. “Oh, shut up and eat your burger.” I tossed it to her. Luckily it was wrapped well, because it rolled off of her plate. She caught it before it fell to the ground. She laughed as I took a bite of mine trying to ignore her as she stared at me.

After the movie, we broke open the ice cream and another bottle of wine. “Tell me about some of the men in your life.” She spoke with her mouth full of double chocolate chunk. We had moved inside and were both sprawled out on the couch, one at each end with our feet resting on the coffee table.
“Well, there’s not much to tell. I lived with a guy when I was twenty-two for about a year, his name is Jason. We were really good friends and when he got a job offer in New York, we realized we weren’t in love. I miss him, though. He is such a great guy but I just didn’t love him the way I should have. We were more roommates than anything else. How about you? How old were you when you got together with Sam?”
“Seventeen, it was shortly after Noah dumped me. Sam was consoling me and after I bitched about Noah for an hour, I looked into his eyes and saw something. When he kissed me, I knew he was the guy I was going to marry.”
My heart melted. Her words gave me some hope—sometimes love did work out. Until he turned forty and he died, leaving her devastated like my mom. Man, I was cynical. “That is so sweet. You’re lucky.”
“I know and I’m thankful I have him. How about the worst relationship you’ve ever had.” I raised an eyebrow. “What? I’ve only been with the dork twins, I need to live vicariously.”
I grinned at her words to describe the best friends. “His name was Nick and he was kind of controlling. He got jealous when Jason came to see me and he would freak out over the dumbest reasons.”
“Ewww, I hope you dumped his ass.”
“Yep, I dumped his ass.” God, I wished it were that simple. Although if it had been, I never would have met Kathy or Noah, because even though Noah and I didn’t agree about our relationship right now, he had become one of the most important people in my life and I wouldn’t change knowing him for anything. “I need more wine.”
She leaned forward, grabbing the bottle off of the coffee table, filling both of our glasses to the top. “Have you ever noticed how sexy Noah’s voice is?” she asked.
Was she kidding? “Yes, I noticed the first night, after I punched him. I swear just the sound of it made my whole body hum.” I just wouldn’t admit it to myself. At the time, I was too damaged to really notice.
She giggled. “I used to tease him about it when we were kids. He could do voice-overs, or take up singing, be the next Barry White.”
I laughed so hard my stomach ached. Kathy joined in. I wasn’t sure why. It wasn’t that funny, but it could have something to do with the empty bottle of wine.
Once the laughter subsided I chugged more of the bubbly liquid, suddenly feeling depressed. “Why do things have to be his way? Don’t I have any say in this?”
She sighed, after a long drink. “You’re right, who made him the boss anyway?”
I pointed at her. “That’s what I’d like to know. How does he know I wouldn’t change my mind eventually? It’s my mind, I can change it.”
“That’s right. It’s a woman’s prerogative.”
“He’s all, ‘It’s my way or the highway.’” I used my best deep Noah’s voice, taking another drink and enjoying the feel of how light and tingly my arms and legs felt. “Guys are so bossy.”
She lifted her head up. It had been resting on the arm of the couch. “What the hell was I thinking agreeing with him? We girls should stick together.”
“Yay! I’m so glad you’re my friend, Kathy.” My voice came out dreamy, suddenly feeling sleepy.
She was sprawled over the couch, her head lay against the cushion and her arm was stretched out toward the table, running her finger along the top of her glass, making it squeak. “Me too. Before you moved here I didn’t have any girlfriends. They all moved away after high school, leaving me here with those bitches Cindy and Kelly.”
“Do you don’t hate me for what happened with Noah?”
“Of course not. Right now, I hate him.”
I smiled, setting my glass on the coffee table and lying back on the couch, my legs tangled with hers. “Thank you. I needed to hear that. You know, we should take that shopping trip next weekend.” My heavy eyelids closed.
“I can’t make it, but how about the weekend after?”
“Perfect,” I agreed sleepily, feeling Kathy pull the throw blanket off of the top of the couch and lay it on top of us.
Chapter Twelve
Hangover

I woke to the sound of an engine roaring. Before I even opened my eyes, I winced. It felt like someone was taking a jackhammer to my head. Still feeling groggy though, I tried to go back to sleep. Hopefully when I woke up again the pain would be gone. Just as the fogginess was about to take me, the sound of a car door slammed, jerking me awake again. This time I opened my eyes and looked around, wondering why I was lying on the couch. One glance at the wine bottles reminded me of my fun night with Kathy. That explained the headache. I stood up on wobbly legs, trying not to disturb Kathy, to investigate the racket outside. I was in Shimmer Lake, not the city. I should be able to sleep in.
stepping quietly to the window, I saw Noah working on his car. A quick glance at the clock told me that it was only eight o’clock. It was Saturday morning, what the hell was he doing?
I slipped out of the door, closing it quietly behind me. The air was fresh and crisp. The morning breeze blew through the trees making the leaves dance. It’d be the perfect fall morning if it wasn’t for the stench of oil coming from Noah’s car.
“You do know that people are trying to sleep, don’t you,” I yelled over the banging. All I could see were his legs, until he suddenly slid out from under the Jeep, wearing coveralls and grease on his face. His sapphire-blue eyes appeared even more vivid through the dirt on his skin.
“Then stop yelling.” He grabbed the edge of the bumper and started to push himself back under.
“Can this not wait until later? I have a headache.” My voice was loud and clipped.
He stopped himself from going under the car to look up at me. Smiling widely with a glint appearing in his cool eyes, he asked, “Can’t handle your booze?”
I folded my arms in front of me, glaring down at him. “How did you know I was drinking? Did you come in here without knocking again?”
A brow raised on his otherwise blank face, the smile was gone. “Did you come out here to pick a fight?”
“No.”
“Good, go back inside so I can fix my car.” He slid back under, leaving me speechless and fuming.
When I spun around to head back inside, Kathy was standing in the doorway. “You miss him, don’t you?”
“No. He drives me crazy.” I stalked passed her into the cottage, hoping she’d leave it alone.
“Sure he does. Come on I’ll make you breakfast.” As she pulled the door closed, I could have sworn she winked at Noah. “How about some blueberry pancakes?”
“I don’t have any blueberries.”
“They’re in the fridge. I brought them with the ice cream.”
“Okay then, I’ll get the pancake mix.”
Her face scrunched up in disgust. “I don’t think so. I only make it from scratch.”
“Go ahead, but I have no idea how to help.”
“Just sit back and relax.”
“Alright.” I moved to the cupboard above the sink to get the aspirin, poured some water, took the pills, and turned around. Kathy was staring at me longingly. I shook a few tablets into her hand. She grinned and popped them into her mouth. “I guess you changed your mind about hating him?” I asked, taking a seat at the island to watch.
“Yeah sorry, I was drunk. I’m on the side where you both will be happy.”
I sighed heavily. “I figured.”
I watched as she added the dry ingredients into a bowl. After that was mixed she added the egg, milk, and butter before tossing the blueberries in. “Where are your frying pans?” I pointed to the bottom cupboard. She pulled out a pan and placed it on the stove. “Let’s sit and have a coffee while this sets, then I’ll make you the best pancakes you’ve ever had. You’ll never go back to a mix again.”

She was right, she did make great pancakes. I’d still go back to the boxed pancake mix though, unless she planned to come here and cook for me every day.
Once we ate, she reluctantly went home to her boys.
After a much-needed shower, I cleaned up the kitchen and then decided to go for a drive. I’d been working on my book so much, I needed a break. Noah was no longer outside, but I saw him through the window. He turned his back on me when I waved. This was going to be difficult. I wanted my fun, easy life back. I just had no idea how to make that happen.

Living without Noah was harder than I thought it would be. Every time I saw him outside I had to fight the urge to go see him. When he noticed me, he turned his head without saying a word. I felt rejected every time. About a week after my movie night with Kathy, I sat at home by myself feeling lonelier than I had ever felt in my entire life. If I’d lived here without knowing him, I probably would have been fine. But since we had met and spent so much time together, I was miserable without him.
At a desperate moment, I decided I needed to talk to him.
I knocked on his door, nervous that he wouldn’t answer. However, the longer I stood on his deck waiting, the more nervous I became that he would. The door finally swung open. Not that I expected a warm welcome, but I was still shocked when he started to shut the door in my face. I stopped it with my hand before it closed. “Came I come in?”
He shrugged his shoulders before heading over to the couch where he must have been playing a video game. “Just so you know, I’m looking for other places you can rent.” He slumped onto the couch, lifting up the game controller.
“What?”
“I’m going to ask my grandmother if I can find you somewhere else to live.” He said this as he played the game, never taking his eyes away from the screen.
“She’ll say no.”
“I’m her grandson, if I ask, she’ll agree.”
“No she won’t, it was her idea for me to stay here.”
He turned his head slightly, opening his mouth before quickly closing it, turning his attention back to the game. He was most likely going to question me about my relationship with his grandmother since I slipped and told him we had spoken.
“Why do you want me to move?”
“You know why.” Still he wouldn’t look at me. Ugh! He was such a stubborn, aggravating, jackass of a man. Why did I care if he spoke to me?
“Well, that’s why I came by. We can’t live like this any more. Isn’t there some way we can go back to the way things were? I miss you.” The last words were true, but they slipped out before I could process them.
Finally, he turned away from his precious game to look at me, a slight smile on his face. “Fine, we can be friends again.” I sighed with relief and started to move toward to him. He held up his hand to stop me. “On one condition.”
I froze, a wave of apprehension settling over me. “What condition?”
“We can be friends again,” he repeated, standing up. “But first you have to kiss me.” I gasped. His brows knit together at the sound, as if giving me a warning not to interrupt him. “If you feel nothing, we can go back to the way things were. But if you feel the way I know you did last time we kissed, you have to admit you love me and give us a chance.”
I was speechless. I couldn’t kiss him. I knew how I was going to feel. Our time apart would have only enhanced what I felt last time. “I…I…can’t,” I stammered.
“Why?” he asked, taking a step toward me. I had the urge to back up, as if he was a predator and I was his prey.
The image of Nick flashed in my mind, but I quickly shook the thought away. I knew Noah wasn’t going to hurt me, physically at least. “I’m afraid.” My voice was only a whisper.
He stopped inches from me, so close I could feel the heat radiating from his body. His eyes gazed into mine. The yearning in those vibrant blue eyes was palpable. How I wanted to reach up to touch his face. Even though he gave off the appearance of being tough, his skin would be soft. I had mistakenly touched him from time to time over the last few months, but it was never enough. I wanted more. Was I ready to give in? I could feel the resistance slipping. “Of what?” he asked, his voice rough.
“Of what will happen.”
“I told you, if you feel—”
 “I know how I’m going to feel,” I snapped, cutting his words off. I heard him the first time he said it. “I can’t live without you in my life, I tried. But I’m afraid of what will happen if we become more.” I took a step back. His lips twitched as he watched me. He knew the effect he was having on me.
“What are you afraid of?” he asked again, taking a step closer.
Stepping around him, I moved over to the couch, burying my face in my hands. The cushions sunk as he sat down. His scent swirled around me. I looked up at him, making a decision to tell him some truth. “I had a bad relationship once and it didn’t end well. I told myself not to get involved ever again, it wasn’t worth it.” I stood up and walked over to the window. It would be easier if I didn’t have to face him. The lake was calm for a change. The wind that had come with the cool air had given us a brief reprieve. “I’m afraid that will happen with us. You mean too much to me, I don’t want to lose you.” Only after I had finished my sentence was I able to glance at him.
“I felt the same way after Becca. Believe me, I wasn’t looking for this. But I fell in love with you. Yes, it could end badly.” He stood up, moving toward me, taking my face in his hands. Heat curled in my stomach simply from his touch. “But what if it doesn’t? We have a chance at something amazing. How many people can say that? We are great together and you know it. Come on, Anna, we can’t know what the future holds but I think it’s worth the risk.” He leaned down slowly waiting for me to stop him and when I didn’t, he kissed me.
It was gentle at first and exactly what I needed from him. I’d missed him so much and for him to be this close after our time apart, with our lips pressed together, our tongues dancing; it created feelings that I wasn’t sure I could control. A fire erupted in my body that shocked me. The feeling of unadulterated need overwhelmed me, taking over my soul. I could no longer think, nor did I want to. This time I pulled him into the bedroom.
We fell onto his bed in a blur of buttons popping, zippers ripping, bodies touching; we were desperate for each other. When the clothes were finally out of the way, Noah gazed at me. “You’re stunning,” he gasped, leaning down to kiss my neck, my breasts, leading down to my stomach. He breathed me in and sighed. “And you smell so good...like vanilla and raspberries.” He dragged his tongue upward along my skin, finally returning to my lips. He drew away, taking a breath as he gazed down at me.
“I love you,” I said softly. And it was true. Now that I was willing to admit it, I could let myself feel what I didn’t want to for so long. This man made me feel things I’ve never felt before and I needed him desperately.
“I knew it,” he whispered, a smile creeping over his full lips. “I love you too.” Those were the last words we spoke for quite some time.

Afterward, we lay wrapped in each other’s arms, blissfully happy. I had never felt the way I did when we were together.
“Did you feel anything?” he asked, referring to earlier and the deal he had proposed.
“Meh, it was okay.” I started to giggle as he bent down to nibble on my stomach, which led to Noah getting frisky all over again.

Chapter Thirteen
Goodbye, Cindy

I woke feeling at peace, happy and safe. It was a combination I could get used to. I was finally with a man I knew would never hurt me, who simply wanted to make me happy. I opened my eyes and stared at his face, so peaceful in sleep. Stubble had appeared around his chin and cheeks, making him look even more rugged. I had never been this close to Noah and now that I was I could see that his nose was a little crooked, as if it had been broken at one time. There were a few little white crescent marks scattered around his forehead. Since I had the same ones, I guessed that they were chicken pock scars. A thin line puckered above his left eyebrow indicating a healed cut of some sort. I had an urge to trace my finger along the scar. Just as I lifted my arm to do exactly that, he stirred.
As if he could sense me watching him, his sapphire-colored eyes opened. A lazy smile spread across his face, a dimple popping out on the cheek that was exposed. Just seeing him like this, so happy and relaxed melted my heart. “Am I dreaming?” His voice was deep and raspy.
“If you are, then I am too.”
He leaned up, wrapping his arms around me. “Let’s see what kind of dream we can make this.” He buried his face in my neck nuzzling my sensitive skin. I gasped as his tongue snuck out, heat flared once again. He pulled away to touch his lips to mine, taking the kiss deeper as he climbed on top of me.
“Noah, do you know where—” Kathy stopped dead in front of the bed.
Noah quickly whipped the blankets over us, hiding our naked bodies. “Jesus, Kathy, don’t you knock?”
I was extremely embarrassed to be caught in this situation, yet couldn’t help find the look on Kathy’s shocked face hilarious. I fought the urge to giggle.
She smiled and clapped her hands together. “Yay! I knew it.” Then, hearing a noise out in the kitchen, she yelled, “Sam, take the boys outside to throw rocks in the water.”
“Why?” Sam asked, popping his head in the bedroom. His dark hair was messy, like he had just gotten up as well. “Ugh… Christ, Noah, get some clothes on.”
Noah sat up; leaning against the headboard, carefully making sure the blanket fully covered me. “I’d like to, but suddenly my bedroom’s like Grand Central.” He reached over to grab a robe from a chair beside the bed. “Do you mind?” he asked, when Kathy and Sam just stood motionless watching us.
“Oh right,” Kathy replied, snapping out of her trance. “I’ll go make breakfast.” They left, closing the door behind them.
“Maybe next time we should lock the door,” I suggested, shoving him back against the pillow. I kissed him, feeling heat erupt inside me at knowing we could be caught at any moment.
He flipped me over onto the mattress until he was hovering above me. “Hold that thought until I kick them out.” He stood up, yanking on a pair of jeans that lay across the dresser.
“No, you can’t do that. Let’s have breakfast with them and then after they leave we can pick up where we left off.”
“Alright,” He murmured grudgingly. “But eat fast.”
I laughed at his playful mood. He was just about to open the door when I realized my clothes were ruined.
“Um… Noah, I don’t have any clothes.”
He smiled, reaching over to pick up a red cotton shirt that was ripped down the middle. “Uh…Sorry about that.” He picked up the robe he had dropped and handed it to me. I stuffed my arms into the soft flannel, feeling warm and cozy after a great night.
“Can you distract the boys so they don’t see me sneaking out of here in a robe? I’ll go home and get dressed.”
“Sure.” He gave me a quick kiss before disappearing through the door.
I waited until I heard him outside talking, before slipping into the living room. I waved at Kathy as I rushed by and out the door, across the driveway to my house.
I showered, dressed and brushed my teeth, all before Kathy was finished making breakfast—ham and cheese Spanish omelets. When I went back over, the boys were playing Noah’s video game and the grownups were just sitting down to eat. I gave Noah a quick kiss before I sat beside him.
“Aren’t the kids eating?” I asked Kathy with a glance at the boys. Jamie was sprawled on the couch with his legs resting on the coffee table. Jeremy was lying on his stomach on the floor.
“No, they had Pop-Tarts before we left, that’s all they’ll eat right now.” She placed a plate of bacon on the table, sat down and glared at me. “Okay, we’re all here. Now tell us what happened.”
Before I could answer, Noah spoke up. “Exactly what I told you would happen. She came over here begging me to forgive her and after I kissed her, she tore my clothes off.”
Kathy gaped at him, face expressionless. “So, Anna, how did it happen?” she asked, turning to me.
I laughed at both of them. “Well, he’s kind of right, I did come over here trying to get him to change his mind so we could go back to being friends. He told me he would, if I kissed him first. If I felt nothing we could go back to the way things were.”
“Good one,” Sam said, nodding at Noah.
“I told him I didn’t need to kiss him, I knew how I felt. I explained why I was scared to move forward and he made me see that what we had was worth the risk.”
Kathy smiled at Noah. “You are good.”
He nodded, giving her a cocky grin. “Yes, I am. And after that, she tore my clothes off.”
I kicked him under the table. “No, I didn’t.”
“Yes, she did, but that’s okay. I tore her clothes off too.” He wiggled his eyebrows, while the rest of us laughed.
Happiness soared through me as I watched them. I was so glad to be back with not just Noah, but all of us as a group. I had missed it.
After we finished breakfast, I was helping Noah with the dishes. When Noah went to the closet to get a dish cloth, Sam asked to see me outside. I agreed reluctantly. Kathy was playing a car racing game with the kids and didn’t notice our departure.
“I will tell them, I promise,” I assured him as soon as he closed the door behind us.
“When? It’s been months and now that you’re involved with Noah, he really needs to know.” He narrowed his eyes, his tone serious. “Everything.” I knew he said the last word because even though he knew I was on the run, he didn’t know why. And he expected me to tell not just the others, but him.
I sighed, folding my arms close to my chest for warmth. “I know, but we just got together, I need more time to see how it goes. Please,” I begged him, because I was afraid I’d lose Noah if he knew the truth. Of course I knew that was ridiculous. I loved him because he was kind, loving and generous just like his grandmother, but now that I had him I was afraid of losing him.
Sam’s eyes turned soft with sympathy. “Fine, you have two weeks. If you don’t tell him by then, I will.”
Relieved that I was granted this short reprieve I hugged him. He smelled of bacon. “Thank you.” I rushed into the house before he changed his mind.
When Kathy, Sam, and the kids left, shortly after our private discussion, Noah and I did indeed pick up where we left off.
Since it was Saturday, we stayed inside between the bed and the couch getting to know each other in every way.
Sunday morning, we headed back to Wade’s to ride the horses. I hadn’t been there in about two weeks and I really enjoyed seeing Midnight again. I didn’t realized how much I missed him.
After our ride, I was in his stall giving him a good brush down and some oats to eat. Noah was out in the tack room helping Wade.
When I finished taking care of the other man in my life, I headed out to see if they needed my help. But it wasn’t Wade Noah was with, it was Cindy. “Come on, Noah, I heard you two broke up. Stop playing hard to get.” She was snuggled against him with her hands reaching around to squeeze his ass. She was wearing a thin black leather jacket and skin-tight jeans. Looking at her, I felt a little frumpy in Noah’s extra work jacket, my baseball cap and faded blue jeans. Which was ridiculous, of course, we had been riding horses; it wasn’t something you dressed up for. Besides, I already had Noah. I didn’t have to work for it, like she was doing.
Noah tried to back up, pushing her hands away, but instead of moving away like he had obviously wanted, she leaned in to kiss him.
That was it. Who the hell did she think she was? “Take your hands and lips off of my boyfriend.” My arms were folded in front of me as I stared coldly at her.
She spun around, embarrassment clouding her face for getting caught. She recovered quickly, scowling at me. “You blew it. Word around town is he dumped you.”
“Cindy, I told you that wasn’t true,” Noah added, looking helpless. He looked so pathetic that I wanted to stand up for him.
I stepped over to stand beside him, taking his hand in mine. and to get my point across I gave him a not so quick kiss on the lips hoping to set her straight.
“Oh well, you’re together for now, but don’t worry I’ll wait for you, Noah.” She didn’t give us a chance to answer before she rushed to the doors.
“Cindy!” I yelled, shocking myself. I hadn’t meant to yell at her. She turned around, an impatient expression on her face. “What kind of a woman throws herself at a man like this? He told you he wasn’t interested. The more you pursue him when he clearly doesn’t want you, just makes you look desperate.”
Annoyance flashed in her beady little eyes. “Who says he isn’t interested?”
“He did, time and time again. Why don’t you stop attacking men and be happy with yourself. Maybe they’ll come to you.”
Her face changed to a look of shock. “I don’t need advice from some blond prude from the city.” With that, she stormed out.
“Wow, that was interesting,” Noah whispered into my ear as he wrapped his arms around my waist.
His hot breath sent shivers through my body, making my skin tingle. “I’m sorry I got angry, but seeing her about to kiss you pissed me off.”
He turned me around so I was facing him. “I’m not complaining, but it was a pretty pathetic chick fight. I always thought if two girls were to fight over me there’d be a lot less clothes and a lot more mud.” He smirked. “I’m a little disappointed.”
I laughed. “Shut up and kiss me.”
“I’m not sure I want to kiss some blond prude from the city.”
“Fine, I’ll just go call Cindy back, she does seem more your type.” I started for the door.
He grabbed my arm before I reached it. “Fine, if I have to.” He was grinning as he leaned down to cover my lips with his. 

Chapter Fourteen
A Letter from Home

Noah preferred not to stay at my cottage, explaining that it felt strange making love in his grandmother’s bed. So I slept at his place every night. We’d have breakfast together and then we’d go our separate ways. He headed to his shop while I went back to my office to write. Sam’s deadline was soon approaching and I tried to tell Noah about my past many times. I just couldn’t find the words.
I hadn’t been back to Martin yet, so I wasn’t able to check if there was a response from Debbie. I could have looked from my laptop, but I was afraid Nick would somehow trace where the email was sent from. A library in a small city was harder to find me than in the cottage I was living in.
Kathy and I were planning to go shopping in the city on Saturday so I could check the email then. I just wasn’t sure what I’d use as an excuse.

“Why can’t I come?” Noah whined, lying in bed Saturday morning.
I was sprawled out on his bare chest listening to his heartbeat, drawing lines on his smooth skin with my finger. I loved his chest; it wasn’t muscular, more broad and defined. His skin was still tanned from the summer we’d spent together, but it was starting to fade. My own tan was long gone. I was fair-skinned and when I tanned, it didn’t stay long. “Do you really want to come and watch two girls shop?”
“Not really, but I miss you already.” His voice rumbled in his chest, sending vibrations against the side of my face.
I lifted my head to look at him. “Oh please, the minute I leave, you’ll forget my name. I know you’ve been planning to watch football with Sam all week. I heard you even said that without us around to bug you guys, you’d be able to watch the whole game.”
He grinned, his eyes shining with laughter. “I meant that I would be distracted by your beauty. I’d never be able to focus with you in the room.”
I leaned my chin on his chest, digging in. He winced, running his hand though my hair. “Nice save.”
The grin returned. “Thank you.”
I sat up and gave him a kiss, lingering longer than I’d intended. I was surprised at how reluctant I was to leave. Since we spent so much time together, I was getting attached. “Well, I better get up. Kathy will be here soon.” I pulled on my underwear and then my T-shirt.
“Man, I hate when you do that.”
I froze, about to put on my pants, wondering what I did wrong. “What?”
“Put clothes on.”
I smiled, reaching out to rub his bare chest. “Well, I don’t think the people of Martin are ready to see me walking down their streets naked.”
He held my hand, stopping it from moving, linking his fingers through mine. The gesture was loving and I felt protected. “That’s because they’ve never seen you. I think you can change their minds.”
I leaned down, giving him another kiss. “I’m going to go home to shower and do my hair. I need to look good for my day of naked shopping.” I jumped off the bed before he could grab my hand and pull me back. I was smiling as I walked through the door.
“If you’re naked, no one will notice your hair,” I heard him yell from his room. I chuckled to myself as I shut his front door, heading to mine.

On our drive to Martin, Kathy gossiped about the customers from Mabel’s. She knew almost everything about everyone. The beautiful scenery rushed by as we headed out of the rural area, seeing more houses and buildings as we drove. When the radio played a classic rock song, a stab of fear ran up my spine. It had been Nick’s favorite group since he was a kid and I couldn’t help but think of him when I heard their music. It was ridiculous, Nick was nowhere to be seen, but like smells, music was linked to my memory. When I heard the song, “When a Man Loves a Woman,” I thought of my parents. It was their first song at their wedding and my father use to swing my mother around the kitchen when it came on.
“How are things going with you and Noah?” Kathy asked, bringing me out of my thoughts.
Shaking off my memories, I sighed happily, leaning back in the soft leather seat, my elbow up on the edge of the window. “Amazing, I’m so happy he pushed me into this. I’ve never been in a relationship where we enjoyed each other’s company so much. I’m glad we became friends first.”
She smiled as she glanced at me. “You look really happy, you both do.” She pulled off the highway and onto a side street, entering the city. 
“Thank you for pushing me too.”
“You’re welcome.”

At the mall, I found some really nice tops and a few skirts. Even though I had no place to wear them, Kathy talked me into buying them, saying my wardrobe was severely lacking.
It was at the shoe store that we started to butt heads. “Try them on or I’ll kill you.” Kathy threatened after we argued for a few minutes.
“I’m not trying on heels. I’m happy with my tennis shoes.” Desperate, I noticed a pair of burgundy flats. “Or how about these?” I asked holding them up.
“How the hell can anyone be happy with tennis shoes?” She sighed. “And those are not the right color. Try these on.” She waved the black pointy-toed pumps.
“They hurt my feet,” I whined.
“How do you know, you haven’t tried them on yet.”
I pursed my lips, annoyed that another friend of mine hated my sneakers. What was wrong with them? To me heels weren’t for everyday use, but reserved for weddings, special dates and torture. “They look like they would.”
“Listen, I feel like I’m arguing with my kids. Just try them on and if they hurt, take them off.”
“Fine.” I took them from her, taking a seat on the bench behind a little boy trying on rubber boots. What a lucky kid, he could wear whatever he wanted. Reluctantly and with an annoyed glance in Kathy’s direction, I shoved my feet in the pointy shoes. I stood up and walked with shaky legs to the mirror and was pleasantly surprised. They looked sharp with the jeans and the black sequence top I was wearing. But above all, they were comfortable.
“So, what do you think?” Kathy asked, stepping up behind me.
“I like them. If Debbie could see me now.”
“Who’s Debbie?”
A flash of homesickness settled inside me. Oh, how I missed her. “A friend of mine who nagged me just as much as you to get me to wear heels.”
She tucked her hair behind her ear as she looked at my feet. When she met my gaze her eyes were soft. “It sounds like I would like her.”
“You would, she’s great. You’d make a great team too.”
“Why?”
I walked back to the bench where I had left my purse and bags, trading the new shoes for the old ones. “Well, you’re a great cook and she’s an awesome baker.” I stood up to gather my stuff and then we began walking to the cashier so we could pay for our purchases. Kathy was getting her boys new shoes. She said their feet grew like weeds. I was going to buy the pointy shoes.
“Why don’t you talk about your family and friends more?”
“I can’t be with them right now so it hurts to talk about them.”
“Okay then. Let’s go eat before you get depressed.”

We found a table at the food court where each of us took turns getting our food. Although we both ended up with submarine sandwiches, hers was an assorted, mine a grilled chicken.
“Why did I have to hear from Sam that you told off Cindy? And why wasn’t it planned out in advanced so I could have been there to watch?”
I laughed, lifting my sub up to take a bite. “I forgot about that. It wasn’t that big of a deal.”
“Are you kidding? You took her down a peg. I just wish I’d seen it.” She took a sip of her soda. “I can’t believe you said she was desperate.”
I watched an older couple walk past, holding hands. They looked to be in their seventies. The man was carrying the tray as he led his wife to a table. You could see the love in their eyes. It gave me hope for my future with Noah. Maybe love could last. “I said she was acting desperate. And then she told me she wasn’t taking advice from some blond prude from the city. Am I a prude?”
She grinned, folding the wrapper of her sub. “I used to think so, but that was before I walked into Noah’s bedroom and caught you both in your birthday suits.”
I flushed, covering my face with my hands. “Ugh, don’t remind me. That was so embarrassing.”
“Okay then yeah, you are a prude.”
After we finished eating we headed out to her car.
Across from the mall there was a plaza with more stores and instead of turning right on Main, heading home, she drove into the plaza parking lot. “I have to stop in here for a quick minute. I want to buy the boys a book.”
I glanced up at the sign and smiled. It was a large bookstore and I hadn’t been in one in a very long time. I’d been to the library a few times, but mostly to plan my escape. I never had the time to wander through the shelves and explore. Now I could, with one bonus—no musty smell.
“Take your time,” I said absently as we pushed through the front doors. She went off into the children’s department, while I just wandered around. I wasn’t in need of a book right now. I had brought lots with me. I simply loved the atmosphere of a book store. Shelves stuffed filled as far as the eye could see with books of different sizes, genres and styles soothed my soul. I was like a kid in a candy store. 
When I noticed Kathy bent down searching through a low shelf, I headed to the children’s department. I stopped and picked up a book of a colleague of mine who was also Debbie’s client. “Okay, I found them each one, we can—” Kathy was walking toward me holding two of the books I’d written, Marvin and the Meteor and Two of a Kind. Suddenly she stopped, staring at something I couldn’t see. I moved around the shelf that was blocking my view and glanced in the direction she was.
“Oh shit.” I stood in front of her to hide what she was staring at.
It was a picture of me that was placed on a table with all of my books in stacks surrounding it. I chose not to have my picture on each of my books, but I’d had some done professionally for the publishing company when they asked. I was a little camera shy, but the picture had turned out okay. My wavy hair flowed over one shoulder. I was wearing black fitted pants and a blue and black flowered top. I was posed, leaning against a leather chair where a stack of books lay.
“That’s you,” she said, trying to get around me.
I stepped in front of the photo. “No, it’s not.”
She took a step to the right to peek around me. “Yes, it is. You’re Abigail Watson.” Her voice was full of wonder, her eyes wide with shock.
“No, I’m not.” My words had her raising an eyebrow, not believing me for a second. And who could blame her? She saw the photo. I hadn’t done anything to change my appearance, just my name. I really never thought I would be in this situation. “Okay, I am. But you can’t tell anyone.”
A little girl with long red braids came around the shelf, looking at my picture and then at me. “Look, Mommy, it’s the lady that wrote Wendy’s Wish.” Her mother glanced at me quickly then back at the book in her hand.
“That’s nice, dear,” she said dryly, not really listening to her daughter.
I took Kathy’s hand and led her to the cash registers, moving past people and displays. “I have to get out of here. I’ll meet you outside.” I ran out, leaving her in line with her mouth still open in shock.
I was waiting in the car when she came out of the store. “Okay, what’s going on? Why are you hiding who you really are?” she asked, once she was seated behind the wheel.
“Can you just drive? I need to get out of here before someone else recognizes me.”
She put the key in the ignition and pulled out of the lot. Now that I had to tell her everything, I could be honest. Besides, Sam’s deadline was only a week away. I’d have to tell her eventually. “Can we go to the library? I need to do something.”
She pulled down a street in the direction I wanted and then turned to me. “Talk.”
“Fine, I’m not from Chicago and I don’t write articles for magazines. I used to live in Renwood, a city in New York State. And you’re right, I’m a children’s book author.”
She glanced at me quickly before turning back to the road. “But why are you hiding in Shimmer Lake?”
I told her my story, about Nick and what happened after we got engaged.
“Does Sam know?”
I nodded. “He knows that Nick is looking for me. He saw my picture at work when I first got here, but he decided to wait and get to know me before he called the number. He said the picture only said I was missing, not that I was a criminal. He figured I had a reason for hiding. He also made me promise to tell you when I was ready. I guess that’s now.”
She banged her palm against the steering wheel. “God, I hate assholes that hurt woman. Does your family know where you are?”
I glanced down at my hands folded in my lap. I suddenly felt vulnerable now that she knew everything. “No, he’s a policeman. I couldn’t tell anyone, or he’d find me.” She pulled into the library. “That’s why I’m here though. Two weeks ago I emailed Debbie. She’s my editor and friend. I sent her some of my work, using an email with the name of another author. I want to see if she responded.”
“Good. I’m coming with you.”
Inside the library, I was disappointed to see that all the computers were taken. What was I thinking? It was Saturday. Of course it would be busy. While we waited, we sat in a lounge area and discussed my problem. Kathy also asked about my family and I told her everything, especially how much I missed them.
“I hope to meet them one day.”
I grinned, crossing my legs. “I hope you can.” Just as she was about to speak, a woman stood up from her computer, gathering her stuff and walked away. We rushed to it before anyone else could.
When I checked the email, I almost cried happy tears. There were two from Debbie. I opened the first one. Steve, the pages look good, but I do have a few corrections. Attached are my notes. Let me know what you think.
It was a standard response from her and I’d seen it a million times.
I clicked on the attachment and read the real letter.
Abby,
I am so glad to hear you’re okay, we’ve been worried sick. Don’t worry about this letter. I’m going to delete the words before the document, just to make sure it’s gone. You’re right about Brian; when I told him what Nick did, he didn’t believe me, until recently. Nick’s behavior has become erratic. I think that he’s so controlling over you, he’s losing his mind because he can’t find you. The longer you’re gone the more his true colors are showing.
He came to the apartment and yelled at me for hiding you. When I told him I had no idea where you were, he lifted his arm to slap me. Thankfully Brian came in and stopped him. He told Nick to leave and to get a hold of himself or he’d report him. I think Brian is starting to see who he really is.
Your family is fine, they miss you terribly. They were so happy when I told them I’d heard from you. All they want is for you to be safe, that’s the most important thing.
Your writing is better than ever. All the Little Miss series are published, but I’ll keep your royalty checks until we find a way for me to send them to you. The first draft of the adventure book is awesome. I have a few thoughts though and they are attached.
I miss you so much,
Debbie
When I finished reading the letter, I hit print before deleting it, making sure it was out of the trash.
“Are you okay?” Kathy asked, sitting beside me, having read over my shoulder.
“Yeah,” I replied, wiping the tears from my cheeks. “I miss them so much.”
She wrapped her arms around me in a hug. It was just what I needed. She was so warm and for some reason I suddenly felt cold. I sobbed onto her shoulder. When I finally composed myself, I opened the last email. I ignored the message to Steve and opened the attachment. Abby, it’s been two weeks, are you okay?
I opened a file and wrote her back.
Debbie, 
I’m fine, better than ever. I just can’t get to this library often. I have really good friends and I’m in love. You heard me; I’m really in love with a great guy who would never hurt me. I wish you and my family could meet my new family. Maybe someday. But until then, know that I am safe and very happy. I just wish I could see you or talk to you all. But at least we have this.
Abby 
P.S. I’m out shopping with my new friend and she made me buy a pair of black pointy pumps. I know you’d be proud.
I saved the file then uploaded it to email, writing a quick message to Debbie from Steve. “Do you mind waiting a little while, I want to check to see if she emails back. I won’t wait long.”
“Of course I don’t mind.” She handed me the letter I printed. I stuffed it into my bag. “But you should delete that last file.”
“Oh right.” I deleted it quickly along with the two emails.
“Are you going to tell Noah? Especially since Sam and I know, it’s not fair to him.”
A feeling of dread flared into my chest. Everything was going so well with Noah and I was afraid that this could threaten that. I swallowed the lump in my throat. “I know. I will soon. But the more people that know the truth, the harder it will be for me to pretend it’s not true.”
She frowned, her eyes full of concern. “He’s going to be angry if you don’t tell him soon.”
“I will, tonight. Maybe.”
She narrowed her eyes at me, but stayed silent, picking up a book to look at. A few minutes later a new message popped up. I opened the attachment and read:
Oh my God, you bought a pair of heels? This new friend must be really great if she finally got you dressing properly. I’m so happy that you’ve found someone perfect for you. He sounds amazing. Don’t ever let someone treat you less than you deserve again, do you hear me?
I can’t wait to give this letter to your mom, but don’t worry we’ll burn it after she reads it. I feel like a spy. I love you, email me when you can.
Debbie
I printed her letter and then hit the delete button. “Are you ready?” I asked Kathy, who was reading one of my books.
“I can’t believe I’m reading Wendy’s Wish and sitting beside Abigail Watson. This is so cool.” She put the book down and stood.
My lips twitched. “Don’t call me that in public, you saw that kid in the bookstore.”
“Well, next time wear a hat or something, maybe some sunglasses.” 

Chapter Fifteen
Confession

When Kathy dropped me off at home around six o’clock, I decided to go right over to Noah’s to see if they were finished watching the game.
I was pleasantly surprised to see the kitchen table set up with pretty dishes, vanilla-scented candles and bright orange and yellow plump gerbera daisies. The room smelled of flavorful meat and butter. Well, I certainly couldn’t tell him now, he’d gone to all this trouble.
“How was shopping?” Noah asked, coming out of his bedroom, looking oh so sexy in a black denim shirt and jeans that hung low on his hips. His hair was tousled and falling over his forehead.
“Great, my wallet is lighter, but my closet will thank me.” Dropping my bags on the floor, I glanced at the table. “Did you do this?”
“Of course I did.”
“It’s beautiful, thank you.” Leaving my discarded bags on the floor near the door, I made my way over to him, stretching up to give him a quick kiss. His lips tasted like beer.
He grinned, caressing my cheek with his thumb. It was just a simple touch, but it sent a tingle up my spine. “You’re welcome. Sit down, dinner is ready. I thought you’d be home sooner.”
Now was the perfect time to tell him. I was late because we had to wait for the computer at the library so I could send a message to Debbie. I could tell him now. “I got held up at the library.” The rest of my explanation was on the tip of my tongue...I just couldn’t voice it. “Mmm, what smells so good?” And, I’m a coward.
“Stuffed pork tenderloin, grilled asparagus, and a tossed salad.”
I sat down on the chair he pulled out for me and took a drink of wine, the dry fruity blend making my tongue tingle. I hoped Kathy wouldn’t be upset with me for not telling him, but I couldn’t ruin this lovely evening he had planned. I wasn’t chickening out. I was doing it for him.
“How was the naked shopping trip?” he asked with a smile that lit up his eyes before taking a drink of his beer.
Shaking away my thoughts, I grinned at him, deciding to not dwell on the past and enjoy the incredibly sexy man across from me. I picked up my fork and stabbed a piece of pork. “Fun, I needed a girl day.”
With his elbow on the table, he leaned forward, his chin on his hand. “These girl things you do, is there some kind of freaky ritual involved?”
I laughed, picking my napkin up. “Yes, but I can’t tell you. You’re a man, and men are the enemy.”
“Come on, I won’t tell anyone.”
I chewed the bite in my mouth, swallowed and took a sip of wine to wash it down. “I don’t think so. How was your man day?”
He ran his fingers up and down the beer bottle absently. “It was awesome. We scratched, drank beer, watched sports.”
“You must have been in heaven.”
“Close,” he replied, taking the last of his pork. “You ready for dessert?”
I scraped up the rest of my food and took the bite. He waited while I swallowed. “What is it?”
“Me.” He jumped out of his chair and rushed toward me, yanking me up and into his arms.
The sudden movement took me off guard, taking my breath away. His body was hard against mine, his arms wrapped tightly around my waist. “What, no cake?”
“Hey!” His brow furrowed, looking offended. Then he grinned wickedly. “I have something better in my bedroom.”
“Mmm, that sounds very tasty.”
“You have no idea.” He pulled me into his room, shoving me onto the bed. He bent down to yank my pants off, throwing them on the floor.
“What’s the rush?” I asked between laughter.
He paused as he reached for my top. “I haven’t seen you all day. I’m going through withdrawal.” He tugged the top off, leaving me in my red silk bra and matching panties. Now he slowed down, giving me a gentle push, I fell onto the soft covers. He knelt down onto his knees on the foot of the bed and crawled forward, running his rough hands along my body, awaking all my nerve endings, creating multiple sensations as he went.
He hovered above me, his eyes full of yearning, his face serious. “I was lost before I met you, and I didn’t even know it.” His raspy voice was a whisper, making me shiver.
I sucked in a breath, moved by his sweet words. I reached up to touch his face. Stubble had started to grow, making his skin rough. He leaned into my hand. I pulled him toward me, at a loss for words. How could I express that he had changed my life, brought me happiness when I believed there was no hope? How could I tell him he was my everything? I couldn’t, there were no words to properly convey how I felt. Instead, I would show him.
I kissed him, softly at first, prolonging this feeling between us. But as his tongue grazed mine, it sent a surge of need erupting inside me. I was desperate for his touch. I broke the kiss, reaching out to undo the buttons of his shirt, he helped, his fingers rushing. His eyes expressed the desperation I felt. While he worked on his shirt, I moved to the zipper of his jeans and started to tug them down.
Finally, with all of his clothes removed, I pulled him against me. The only thing between us was my underwear. He kissed me hungrily, lapping at my tongue, tasting, teasing. It wasn’t enough, I wanted more. I reached for him, pressing his body against mine. He slowed, pulling away so he could undo my bra and yank at my panties. Now, there was nothing between us, heated skin against heated skin. All I could think was that I wanted him now. I hungered for his touch, he was the last drop of water, and I was parched. As we filled each other’s every need, we lost ourselves in the moment and in each other.

The next morning, I went over to my place so I could shower and change, while he got breakfast. We were headed for the barn for our weekly ride.
“Hey, is that damn tap still dripping?” Noah asked from the table where he was drinking his coffee.
“Did you get Mabel’s?” I asked, ignoring his question.
“Of course. After last night, I wanted to treat you.” He winked, his lips turning up in a wicked grin.
My cheeks heated as an image of last night flashed in my mind. “Thank you.” Taking my cup off of the table, I took a sip, savoring Mabel’s flavorful blend. “And yes, the damn tap’s still dripping.”
He stood up and kissed me. “I’ll go take a look at it, see if I need to pick up any supplies when we’re out.”
He slipped into the bathroom while I sat down at the table, taking a danish out of the bag he left out. Just as I was about to take a bite, the door opened and Kathy rushed in. “Hey, I can’t stay long. We’re going to Sam’s parents soon. But I wanted to slip away and find out how Noah reacted when you told him your secret last night?” She picked up my coffee and took a drink.
I glared at her, my eyes wide, shaking my head, hoping she knew what I was thinking and shut up.
Her brows knit together, as if to say, “What?”
She didn’t have a chance to voice her question before Noah came out of the bathroom. Kathy’s eyes widened, glancing at me hesitantly. “Kathy, could you leave us alone? I need to talk to Anna.” His voice was harsh, his eyes hard.
“Noah, I—” she started to say, but stopped when she saw the scowl on his face. She rushed to the door, mouthing “I’m sorry,” to me before she slipped out.
My mind went blank. This was it, I had to tell him. But what could I say? As I scrambled for the words to explain, he slowly turned to face me. “How could you tell her your secret and not me, after all the times I begged you? You knew I wanted to help.” He paused, his eyes taking on a tortured look. “Don’t you trust me?”
So many emotions flooded through me, but guilt for putting that look in his eyes was the strongest. “Yes, of course I do, more than anyone. But she found out, I didn’t tell her.” There was desperation in my voice. He needed to know that I didn’t hurt him on purpose.
“Then tell me now.”
I gazed down at my bare feet, unable to look him in the eye. I was afraid that after I let it all out, things would change between us. I loved him so much and we had so much fun together. Even the mention of Nick’s name would taint that.
When I hesitated, anger flashed in his eyes. His hand flew out. On instinct I shrank back, covering my face with my hands.
His hand froze midair, and I could see now through my fingers that he was reaching for the wall above me. His expression turned from anger to pain. “I wasn’t going to hit you, how could you think that?”
I pulled my hands from my face and stood up, stepping around him, wandering over to the window to look out, again avoiding his eyes.
“Who hurt you?” he asked. “That’s why you’re here, right? You’re running from someone who abused you? That’s why my grandmother told me to protect you.”
I didn’t speak, trying to prolong the conversation as long as I could. I watched the wind whip around the yard, creating a cyclone of colorful leaves, swirling in the air. The trees themselves were swaying wildly in the brisk, unpredictable, autumn weather.
He took a few slow steps toward me, and gently touched my arms, as if I was suddenly breakable. “Please,” he whispered. “Open up to me.”
I knew the moment that I had dreaded since I met him, had finally come. I could prolong it no more. I closed my eyes and sighed, giving up and then slipped away from him. He watched me go into my room
His eyes were still on me when I returned, holding a book. I took a seat on the couch, tapping the cushion beside me for him to sit down. When he did, I handed him the paperback. He held it in his big hands, rubbing his thumb over the embossed stone fountain on the cover. “Wendy’s Wish,” he read, his eyes shifting to mine. “What about it?”
“Turn it over.”
He did what I asked and stared at my picture. “It’s you,” he observed, gazing at me in confusion.
I took a deep breath, resigned to tell the truth, looking straight ahead. “My real name is Abigail Watson. I lived in an apartment next to your grandmother. My parents’ names are James and Laura Watson. About a year ago, I went to a bar with my sister Brenda and my best friend Debbie. I met a guy who I’d seen a few days before and we started dating.” I paused, my heart raced as I thought of my next words. “Everything was going fine. I noticed that he had a temper a few times and he was jealous, other than that he seemed normal. He was attentive, always complimented me, and showered me with thoughtful gifts. I thought I was lucky.” I paused, taking a peek to see if he was still with me.
“I’m guessing you were wrong,” he said, his voice low as he reached out and placed his hand on my knee. Warmth seeped through my worn jeans giving me the strength I needed.
I nodded. “About six months into the relationship he asked me to marry him. I said yes, and he moved in that day. I was sure he was the one. The ring he proposed with matched my locket. I thought it was a sign.”
“What locket?”
“My father,” I started but my voice cracked on the words. I squeezed my eyes shut and cleared my throat and tried again. “My father gave me a locket when I was young, he traveled a lot. He told me that whenever I wore it, he would always be with me. There was a picture of my parents inside. I lost it a year after he died.  My mother found it just before I met Nick.”
I stood up with a sigh and started to walk slowly around the room.
“Would you like a drink?” he asked, standing up.
“Sure, water please.” I sat down on the window seat, lifting my legs up to hug them, feeling nervous. I had told a few people about the abuse, but no one as important as this man.
He came back, handing me a bottle of water, then sat down on the armchair facing me. “Okay, go on.” He twisted the top off his own water bottle.
The rest of the story was stuck in my throat. I was so happy now. I didn’t want to relive it. Or bring Nick into what we had now. His vicious behavior would only taint our sweet, loving relationship. “I know you need to know this, but I really don’t want to tell you.” My voice broke on the last word.
“Why?” That one word was full of so much emotion, love, anger, frustration and most of all…patience.
“Because that was my past. I don’t want it to ruin my future with you.”
He leaned forward, setting his bottle on the coffee table, the springs in the chair squeaking with his movement. “Nothing can touch what we have. I love you and that is not going to change, no matter what you tell me.”
I nodded and although I didn’t entirely believe him, I was still comforted by his words. “The night he moved in with me, we went to his parents’ house to celebrate our engagement. His mother asked if I wanted to wear her wedding dress. I told her I was sorry but I couldn’t. Later when we were alone, I explained why.”
“What was the reason?”
“I wanted to wear my mother’s. I felt that if I wore her dress, my father would be there in some way.” I smiled as the memory of myself in her dress resurfaced. “His mother understood, and even gave me a hug. On the drive home Nick was quiet. When I tried to explain why I had turned her down, he said he didn’t want to hear it. As I walked inside our apartment I turned to say something, but he hit me across the face before I could get a word out.”
Noah’s eyes turned cold; a vein in his neck throbbed as his hand clenched into a fist. “I want to kill him.” His voice was low and raspy, filled with hate. It reminded me of Nick. Again, I pushed the thought away. Noah was not like him. People had a right to get angry, I knew that. It’s what you did with that anger that mattered. And Noah would never hurt me or anyone. I just had to get that through my head. But it was hard. Living with a monster for a year wasn’t easy to forget.
“Get in line.” I sighed. “Do you want me to finish?” I asked, worried how he would take the rest. If he was upset over one slap, the rest would be difficult to hear.
He pursed his lips and nodded.
“I couldn’t believe he hit me. I had never seen him that way. Well, I’d seen him angry but nothing compared to that night. But believe me it got worse.”
“What did he do?”
I stood up and faced the window, watching the choppy waves crash against the dock. The wind was really starting to pick up. But here inside, the air was calm, for now. I didn’t want to tell him anymore, afraid of what he would think of me and also how he would react, like the water outside in the slow-churning storm. “All you need to know is that he got rough.”
The chair squeaked as he rose and suddenly I felt him behind me. The warmth of his body comforted me, like a soft blanket on a cold night. I felt his breath against the back of my neck. “What did he do?”
Tears fell down my cheeks. My heart ached. Not because of what happened, that part of my life was over, but it ached for Noah, because I knew my next words would cut him deeply. He acted tough, but he loved with his whole heart. And hearing what I had to say would break it. “Please don’t make me tell you.” Just then his cell phone rang, interrupting the intense atmosphere. The shrill ring made me jump.
He stepped away. “Hello.” His tone was clipped. His face scrunched up as he listened to the person on the other end. “Oh shit, Wade, I’m sorry, we forgot. But we’re right in the middle of something here.”
The horses! We forgot about them. Even though they were the farthest thing from my mind, I’d rather be doing that. I wiped my tears away and stood up straight, gathering courage.
“Okay, that’s good, goodbye.” He hung up, and shoved his phone back into his pocket. “He was calling to cancel. The weather.” He nodded out the window where the trees and leaves were whipping around like crazy.
I was hoping the interruption would make him forget, but when I looked at him, I knew I wasn’t going to be so lucky. “Abby, I need to know.”
“Why? Why do you need to know?” I asked, stepping toward him.
“Because I love you and we can’t have a relationship where we keep secrets from each other.” He touched my cheek, stroking it lovingly. His eyes told me I could trust him.
I sighed. “Fine.” I took a deep breath, gathering courage. “I ran into my room and locked it. I yelled through the door that the wedding was off. I couldn’t be with a man who hits women. I packed his suitcases and planned to sneak out in the morning after he left for work.” I gulped as apprehension coursed through my veins. “A few hours later I had to pee. I opened the door and heard him snoring on the couch. When I started for the bathroom, he rushed at me and slammed me against the wall.” My hands began to shake. The images of that night rushed through my mind so vividly it was as if it were happening all over again. Noah gave one of my hands a little squeeze and I glanced at the floor, unable to look at him. “He said that since I was wearing his ring he had every right to do anything he wanted to me. Anything.” I looked up and raised my eyebrows, hoping he would guess and I wouldn’t have to tell him.
“Did he....?” He trailed off, unable to say the words. 
I nodded, suddenly feeling a bit of strength, anger surged through me as the memory surfaced. Don’t cry, don’t cry. “Yes, he raped me.”
Rage flashed over Noah’s face as he clenched his hands to his sides. He breathed in and out deeply, raising his fist as if he was about to hit the wall. The look was so familiar. I closed my eyes waiting for the thundering crack. Cold hateful dark eyes glared back at me as his hands gripped my neck. I gasped for air, covering my face, my arms shaking with fear. 
Instead of the deafening noise I expected, I was suddenly wrapped in Noah’s strong and comforting arms. He pushed my face into his chest. His spicy, wood scent brought me back to the present. The image fell away as I opened my eyes. I sobbed into his shirt, comforted by his embrace. I felt protected in his arms. Nothing could ever hurt me again. “I’m so sorry that happened. I promise that no one will ever hurt you again. You’re safe with me.”
How could I have thought that he would hit the wall like that? I had to stop comparing him to Nick. They were nothing alike and I finally knew that. His sweet words gave me comfort but I’m not sure I would ever believe him. How could I be safe? Taking a deep calming breath, I pulled back so I could look him in the eye. “But he’s still out there.”
He hugged me again, burying his face in my shoulder, his breath heating my skin. “He will never touch you again, I promise you that,” he mumbled into my hair. We hugged for a few minutes, both of us finding comfort in the embrace. Finally letting me go, he asked, “Why didn’t you go to the police?”
I snorted. “I did the next day, but he’s a cop. His captain told me that he couldn’t do anything because it was his word against mine. I saw Nick as I left the station so I knew I wasn’t safe. I went home, gathered some stuff, and ran. He found me. When he brought me home, he choked me, telling me that if I ever left or went to his boss again, he’d kill me. I really did believe him, but I knew I couldn’t live that way. I would have left sooner, but he wasn’t always a monster and each time he told me he was sorry and that he loved me, I believed him. But I still planned my escape, just in case. He betrayed me after every apology, and I finally gave up believing him. I made sure everyone was safe before I left. My family knew I was leaving. The day of my escape, I told my mom so she could go stay with my sister and her husband.”
Noah fell into the sofa, running his hand raggedly over his face. He didn’t speak for several moments as he allowed everything to process.
As I let my confession sink in, I wandered back over to the window to watch the waves in the water. Surprisingly, the wind was dying down and the sun was peeking out through the clouds. The sky was brightening. Earlier, it looked like a storm was brewing. Now it almost looked like it might turn out to be a nice day.
“How did Kathy find out?” His words startled me as I was gazing intently outside, amazed by the unpredictable weather.
I sat down on the window seat and faced him. He looked better. The shock and anger were vacant from his face. “She saw my picture in a book store yesterday and she insisted I tell her the truth. Sam knows too.”
His eyes narrowed. “Everyone knew but me?”
“He saw my picture at work in a missing persons file. He knew I was running from someone. But he didn’t ask who, he just wanted me to know he wouldn’t say anything as long as I hadn’t done anything illegal.”
He shook his head. “I can’t believe he didn’t tell me.”
“He wanted me to confess to both of you. He even told Kathy to remind me of that when you wouldn’t talk to me.” I shrugged. “I was afraid to.”
“Oh God, I feel awful for pressuring you. If I’d known what you went through…” He trailed off, shaking his head again.
“It’s okay, as long as you still love me.”
His eyes widened as he stood up, filling the gap between us, pulling me into a hug. “Of course I still love you. Nothing will change that.” Again, we held each other, the mood slowly lightening.
He drew back, gazing into my eyes. “So, now that the cats out of the bag, what do you want to do?” He glanced outside, where the sun was now out. The wind was still blowing, but definitely not as strong. “The wind is dying down. Do you want me to call Wade to see if he wants us to take the horses out?”
I grinned, grateful that after everything he had learned, nothing had changed. “I would like that. I don’t want this to change anything. That’s why I took so long to tell you.”
“Let’s go then.”

Chapter Sixteen
Pictures

The ride felt amazing. The weather had indeed changed for the better. The sun remained shining above us and the air was warm, but the wind still had a bite to it. The colorful wilted leaves lay like a blanket along the path, hiding the foliage underneath. The air smelled of those leaves and pine.
We went to the small pond that he had taken me to on our first ride. We tied up the horses and sat on the large flat rock overlooking the water. “On the way over here, I remembered something my grandmother said a few years ago. She was bragging to me about her gorgeous neighbor who was a famous author. She wanted to set me up with her, but I still wasn’t ready after what happened with Becca.” He took a deep breath, running his hand through his already unruly hair. “I’m so sorry. If I had listened to her…” He trailed off as I shook my head.
I reached out, laying my hand on his thigh. “She said the same thing to me. That she had a grandson she was sure I’d like. Right before I met Nick, I also told her no. I had been fixed up before and it didn’t go so well. We weren’t meant to be, until now. What-ifs, can’t change what happened, Noah, nothing can.”
He nodded solemnly. “You’re right. I’d like to tell my grandmother about us if we can.”
Fear snaked up my spine at the thought of reaching out to anyone from Renwood. What if he found me? My life was beyond perfect, I was terrified to jeopardize that. “I’m not sure that’s a good idea. When I was at the library, I managed to email Debbie, my editor. She told me that he was unraveling. She thinks that since he’s so controlling over me that it’s driving him crazy that he can’t find me. We should be extra careful. I don’t think he’d tap your mother’s phone, but you never know.”
He reached up and brushed a lock of hair out of my face. “You sure it’s wise to email your editor?”
I grabbed his hand and held it, his fingers linked through mine. “I emailed her under the name of another writer and sent her a note in an attachment, with instructions for her to delete it.”
His lips twitched. “You’re sneaky.”
“I’ve had to be over the last ten months.”
“You’re not alone anymore, we’re in this together.”
I leaned into him, resting against his shoulder. “Thank you.”
We grew quiet, lost in our own thoughts. It was me that broke the silence. “I feel like having Kathy and Sam over for dinner tonight. What do you think?” Even though I was extremely relieved that Noah didn’t hate me for what I told him, I needed my life to go back to normal. Spending time with my friends would be perfect. Since we always had fun together, it was just the thing I needed to take my mind off of my past.
“Good idea. Kathy’s probably going crazy wondering what happened between the two of us.” He grinned, leaning in for a brief kiss. “And I’d like to talk to Sam about this. Find out how to keep you safe.”
I nodded as he wrapped his arm around me. We snuggled on the rock, enjoying the view.

“So is there anything we can do to get this guy?” Noah asked Sam after telling him all the gory details. “Abby said his captain didn’t believe her.”
We had just finished dinner—roast chicken with macaroni and cheese. It was the only other meal I could cook, other than spaghetti. It was the second time I had cooked for Noah; I wanted him to know that I appreciated him. We were all sitting around the table discussing my life.
I cleared my throat. “Um...can we stick with Anna?” I nodded toward the boys. “I think it’s best if the townspeople didn’t know my true identity.”
Three sets of eyes turned to me. “I’m sorry, sweetie, I didn’t think of that. You’re right.” Noah reached over and laid his hand on my knee. Sam and Kathy nodded their agreements.
“Jamie, stop hitting your brother,” Kathy yelled at her son who was deep in a game of Mario Kart with his brother. Jamie apparently didn’t like the fact that Jeremy beat him in a race. 
“Anna’s right,” Sam said, ignoring his wife with a quick glance my way, acknowledging my name choice. I smiled at him in appreciation. “It will be hard to prove, especially now that there is no evidence.” We all looked at him with matching confused expressions. “No bruising,” he explained. “Cops have kind of a code, we stick together. And if they don’t and one speaks up against another, it can get difficult for the one speaking out. It doesn’t help that every man in his family is an officer, and his father is a captain. I think it’s best to keep her hidden and watch her when we can. If he happens to find her, we might get lucky if he hurts her.”
“Sam!” Kathy yelled.
Noah’s jaw locked as he sat forward in his chair, a sign of aggression I had never seen from him, especially directed at his best friend.
Sam raised a hand. “I’m sorry, I don’t mean to sound harsh. But if we can catch him in the act, we’ve got our proof.”
“That’s not going to happen. He’s not going to get anywhere near her,” Noah said lowly, the frustration and anger evident in his tone.
Noah’s warm hand wrapped around mine. I felt his strength seep into me. With him at my side, I almost did feel safe.
I understood what Sam was saying though. I had listened to a lot of police talk when I was with Nick. I knew proof wasn’t always enough. Sometimes getting caught in the act was the only way. 
Sam nodded. “Okay then, we keep her hidden and see what happens.”

After they left, Noah and I moved to my place to watch a movie. When it was over, I pulled out my photo albums, wanting him to learn more about me. Since I couldn’t introduce him to my family, I wanted him to see pictures of us together.
“Is that you?” he asked as he stared at a picture of me, posing in front of a lake wearing a floral bikini. I was ten.
“Yes, that’s me.”
He leaned closer. “Very cute, I love the freckles.” He laughed as I punched him. “Is this your parents?”
He was pointing to a professional photo of my mom and dad. “Yes, this is actually the picture that was in my locket.”
“What happened to it, I’ve never seen you wearing it?” His eyes turned soft with concern. “It obviously means a lot to you.”
I frowned, shaking my head. “Nick got mad at me and threw it in the garbage disposal, after he almost choked me to death. That was the night before I left him. He knew how much that locket meant to me. It was like I lost my father all over again.” Tears clouded my eyes as I quickly flipped the pages of the book looking for a particular picture and finding it, I stopped. “That’s it right there.” I pointed to a close-up of a toothless me, when I was eight. My father had just given it to me. You could see the locket perfectly. It was all I had left of him. I rushed on, blinking away the sting that threatened at my eyelids. “Anyway, that was the night I decided to stop my excuses and leave, only I didn’t know where I was escaping to. Until your grandmother came the next morning and handed me a note.”
His eyes widened in interest. “What did it say?”
“It said that she knew what was happening to me and that she felt that I should leave Nick. That, I could use this cottage for as long as I needed. The key, with the address was in the envelope. When I finished reading it, all she said was, “Thin walls.” Then she told me she was going to stay with your mom for a few weeks, and she came to say goodbye. I think she was worried that my apartment was bugged. I don’t think it was though.”
“God, I love her. She’s actually renting out the apartment. I think she’s eventually going to sell. Now I know why.”

After my very emotional weekend, things returned to normal. Noah had an order to fill and I had a second draft to write, using the notes Debbie had sent. I went to Martin a few times to send the changes to Debbie. And I was pleasantly surprised to find letters from my family waiting. My favorites were from Haley and Justin. The problem with those letters was that they made me happy while I read them, but when I finished, I was always depressed for days after. I felt sorry for myself, that all I had from them were words written on paper. I wanted to see their faces. I missed the wrinkles on my mother’s face when she smiled. I missed my sister’s advice even though I never listened to it. I missed seeing Justin get dirty no matter what he did, and Laurel’s sweet smile.
I wallowed in self-pity until Noah reminded me that those letters were more than I had a month ago.

The next few months went by in a blur. It was amazing how fast time flew when you were truly happy. Noah continued to get me to try new things. Now he was on a food kick. I wasn’t enjoying this theme as much. I had tried venison, liver, and crab cakes. So far the crab cakes were my favorite.
One day in early December, Kathy talked me into Christmas shopping in Martin. This time I was wearing my hair up in a hat and wore colored contacts Kathy insisted on. She said it was either that or I had to dye my hair. I really didn’t want to do that. It worked though; we went to the same bookstore without anyone noticing me. Although it helped that my picture was now down. I bought a couple of books for Kathy’s boys. They were some of mine and I planned on signing them, saying that I got them from the author. We were still keeping my identity a secret from them. They had big mouths. Kathy told me that Jamie had informed his entire class that his Uncle Noah’s girlfriend walked around outside in a robe. Apparently, I wasn’t as sneaky as I’d thought.
I went to a music store for Noah, picking out a few CDs of his favorite bands and I thought Sam would like the same. I headed to the hardware store for Noah’s next gift. I had ordered a special chisel with his name engraved on it. The man on the phone had informed me that this particular one was perfect for carving intricate designs. Kathy didn’t know it, but I had already purchased her gift.
After a few more stores and some more purchases for Noah, we headed for the library so I could check Steve’s email. There was a letter from Debbie saying that the publishers were hoping to print my new book, The Quest For Mouse City (the title they chose) by the end of next week, just in time for Christmas. They were a little worried that I couldn’t promote it, but since it was Christmas they were sure sales would be great. My sales seemed to have improved immensely with all the publicity on my disappearance. They’d even issued a statement that I had sent in multiple manuscripts before I disappeared and that Debbie had power of attorney. That was what Debbie had fed the people in charge. Her boss was the only one that knew the truth. In the statement they announced that all the proceeds would be kept in a trust until I returned, or kept for my family if I didn’t.
One night about two weeks before Christmas, I walked into Noah’s house and heard him talking on the phone. “I guess. Do you think there’s enough room for everyone?...Mmm-hmm…no don’t worry about it. Sure, there will be. Okay, see you then.” He hung up and turned around. His brow was creased and he wasn’t smiling. My heart dropped, expecting bad news. “Um… I’m not sure how you’re going to take this, but my family is coming down for Christmas. I figured it was okay, they’ve done it before. If Nick was watching my grandmother, it’s a normal thing for us. You don’t look happy.”
A feeing of anxiety formed in my stomach. “No, I’m fine. I’m just nervous to meet your parents. What if they don’t like me?”
He grinned, placed the portable phone on the table and stepped toward me. “My grandmother loves you and so will they. She didn’t mention you, though. I think she must be trying to be careful too.” He furrowed his brow. “You still seem upset.”
I was fighting tears. The closer we got to Christmas, the more depressed I became. “I just wish my family could meet you. I’m a little jealous that you can spend Christmas with yours. I’ve never missed one with my family in my life.”  The words gushed out of me.
He wrapped me in his arms, enveloping me in his warmth. He was wearing an oatmeal-colored sweater. The material was soft against my skin. His spicy scent helped cheer me up. “It will be fun. We will have other Christmases to spend with your family, I promise.” He leaned his head on top of mine. “I can’t wait to introduce you to my sister and her family.”
“Are we going to have enough room?” I mumbled into his chest.
He stepped back to face me. “Yeah, you can stay with me and they can have Grandma’s cottage.”
I nodded my agreement. “It sounds fun, really.” I clapped my hands together. “Oh, I got the first few editions of my book. They were sent to the manager at the bookstore in Martin as a favor to Debbie. They sent them to me under a different name. I’m going to send them to Haley and Justin. They always get the first.”
His brow furrowed. “How are you going to do that?”
“I’m not sure. Maybe I’ll drive to a city a few hours from here and mail it. I’ll also use the name of Jeff’s parents for the postmark. That way, it can’t be traced back to Shimmer Lake or me.”
He smiled. “Good idea, we’ll make it a road trip.”
“Or I could get Debbie to send them one, but I usually sign it for them.”
“We’ll think of something,” he said, tightening his hug.

Chapter Seventeen
A Christmas Wish

“Merry Christmas, honey!” Daddy gushed, handing me a small box wrapped in candy-cane paper. It was Christmas morning and I sat with Brenda on the floor of our rec room, buried in wrapping paper. The brown paneled walls were strewn with red and gold garland. The tree was decorated with ornaments that Brenda and I had made at school. Mommy let us decorate down here while she took care of the upstairs. If you asked me, we did a better job ’cause we made everything.
“Brenda, here’s yours. These are the last gifts, girls. So don’t expect any more,” Mommy added.
“What about Granny and Grandpa?” Brenda asked, her blond hair hanging in her eyes. Jeepers, you’d think she could brush her hair before she came downstairs, it was Christmas after all. Although I had forgotten too, but I think mine looked better than hers.
“I’m sure they’ll bring you gifts, Brenda. Just don’t ask for any, it’s not polite. I meant that’s the last for now.” Mommy sighed, looking tired.
“Come on, girls, open it,” Daddy urged, looking as excited as we were.
Brenda and I looked at each other and then grinned. “On your mark, get set, go!” she yelled, and then we tore the wrappers off and stared at a small blue box. Together we lifted the lids and gasped. In my box was a heart-shaped locket. Daddy came over and sat between us, smelling of cookies. “This is just from me. Mommy and Santa get to have all the fun shopping, but this time I found something that I thought would be perfect for you.”
“Why?” Brenda asked, holding up the delicate chain. The lights from the Christmas tree reflected off the silver locket.
“Well, because I have to leave often for my job and I miss you both. I thought you could have this, so you wouldn’t miss me.”
“Why won’t we miss you?” I asked Daddy. I had to hold back my laughter, because he didn’t brush his hair either and it was sticking up on his head like Alfalfa from Little Rascals.
Daddy grinned, looking from Brenda to me. “Because these are special lockets.”
I woke with a start, my throat burning with the threat of tears. Two days until Christmas and I already missed my family. I didn’t need the reminder that I wouldn’t see them this year.
I buried my head in my pillow, wishing I could get the dream back. I was in my own bed. My depression over my family was taking on a new high and I didn’t want Noah to suffer, so I chose to stay at home until tomorrow when his family would be here.
I was very excited to see Sylvia for more than one reason. I wanted Debbie to open a P.O. box so Sylvia could put my presents for my family in there. I had already written Debbie about it and just needed to give the presents to Sylvia to deliver. They would be late, but I was sure they wouldn’t care.
I was still in bed when I heard the front door and Noah yell for me. “I’m in here,” I yelled back.
He stood leaning against the bedroom door frame, wearing his trademark jeans and a gray knit sweater. He looked cozy enough to snuggle in front of a fire place sipping hot chocolate. “That’s it. We’re getting out of here. You’ve been moping around for days. I’m taking you for a drive.”
“Where?”
“We’re going to Bellen Hill.”
“That’s three hours from here, why are we going there?”
His eyes shone with secrets, his lips turning up at the edges. “To make a phone call.”
I pointed toward the living room where I had left the portable phone. “Um… I don’t know if you realize this, but there’s a phone right in there.”
He smirked, looking very full of himself. “We’re calling your family, to wish them a Merry Christmas. There’s a very large insurance company in the city and a friend from college works there, he said we could use his office phone.”
I suddenly felt excited and nervous at the same time as I sat up in bed. “You mean, if Nick happened to check Brenda’s phone records it wouldn’t look unusual for her to get a call from an insurance company?”
He nodded. “And the building has sixty floors. It wouldn’t be easy to track down the phone we called from.”
Jumping up, I rushed into his arms, breathing in his spicy scent. Grabbing his face, I squeezed his cheeks. “You are a genius,” I yelled, kissing his lips. “I have to hurry and have a shower. What am I going to wear?” I asked, suddenly anxious.
He laughed. “They’re not going to know what you look like.”
“I’ll know,” I called over my shoulder as I rushed into the shower. My mood had improved immensely, all thanks to Noah. God, I loved that man.

We left half an hour later, wanting to make it there before the end of the work day. We made good time, considering Noah drove the exact speed limit, worried about getting pulled over. He was overprotective of me ever since he found out my secret. I loved the extra attention. It made me feel treasured.
We pulled into the insurance company’s parking lot and I looked up. The building was enormously high, all gray concrete and windows. Noah was right; it wouldn’t be easy to trace a call here.
We rode the elevator up to the forty-ninth floor and followed the secretary’s directions to Mike’s office. Mike was around thirty, with thinning black hair. His eyes were an olive green, and surrounded by long, thick lashes Debbie would kill for. He greeted us each with a strong handshake and explained that we would have his office to ourselves, because he was just leaving for lunch. We thanked him and wished him a Merry Christmas, expecting to be gone before he got back.
I sat down on the office chair with Noah hovering above me. I was so excited, I felt like spinning around in the chair. A childish thought, I know, but since my dream and Noah’s idea this morning, I’d been giddy as a school girl. I took a deep breath and began to dial, hoping they would be home. It rang three times. I was about to hang up when I heard my sister’s voice. “Hello,” she greeted, sounding winded.
“Hi, Brenda,” I said cheerfully.
“Abby!” she shrieked. “I’m so glad to hear your voice, but you shouldn’t be calling.”
“It’s okay. I’m not calling from home. But we won’t stay on long. How are you?”
“I’m great, the kids are great. Mom’s great, but we miss you so much.” I felt tears run down my cheeks, yet I didn’t care. I was so happy to be talking to my sister.
“Did Brian check your phone for bugs like Debbie said he would?”
“Yeah, there was nothing that he could see, but he did say he thought Nick was checking our phone records.”
“I figured as much. It’s okay, though. I’m somewhere he can’t trace.”
She sniffed, she must have been crying like I was. “Good, because there’s someone here who is dying to talk to you.”
“Okay. I love you. Have a good Christmas.”
“I love you too, Abby. Be safe.”
I heard some muffled noises that sounded like the phone being handed over. “Abby?” my mother asked, crying. Her voice washed over me like a hug, bringing back many memories that made me so happy.
“Yes, Mom, it’s me,” I whispered, unable to get the words out.
“Oh, honey, I miss you so much.”
“I miss you too,” I managed to squeak out. I was crying so hard I could hardly speak. I was shaking. My body was filled with many months’ worth of emotion. I felt Noah rub my back gently, calming me down.
“I got your letters, sweetie. I’m so happy you’ve found someone who treats you right. You deserve it.”
I sighed, trying to calm down. “You have no idea. It was his idea to come here today. He thought of a plan to make this call. By the way, would you like some more insurance?” I couldn’t help the giggle that slipped out.
“Is that where you are? An insurance company?”
“Yes. Noah thought of it, there’s no way a call from an insurance company will be noticed.”
“He sounds smart and thoughtful. I can’t wait to meet him.”
“Oh, Mom, me too. You’ll love him.”
“It’s about time somebody worthwhile realized how special you are.”
Noah’s hand moved to my shoulder, rubbing softly. “Mom, I wanted to call to wish you Merry Christmas. I’m going to send gifts somehow and Debbie is going to pick them up. They’ll be late, but I didn’t think you’d care.”
She made a noise that sounded like something between a sob and a laugh. “All we need is for you to be happy, and safe.”
“I am, Mom.”
“I’m so glad, honey. I’ve taken up too much of your time. Justin and Haley want to talk to you.”
“Okay, I love you, Mom.”
Noah moved away to look out the window. It was starting to snow.
“Oh, baby, I love you too.”
Muffled sounds erupted again. “Hi, Aunt Abby,” I heard the kids say together.
“Hi guys, how are you?”
“Good. We miss you,” Justin replied.
“I miss you too, buddy. Is Santa coming soon?”
“Yes, I asked Santa to bring you home,” Haley announced, which tore at my heart even more.
I took a deep breath, fighting the tears that threatened again. “Oh, baby, he can’t do that this year, but he told me to call you instead.”
“He did?” Her voice was shrill and filled with excitement.
“He sure did, and he said he was going to bring you lots of toys and you’ll see me some time soon, okay?”
“Okay, Aunt Abby, Merry Christmas.”
“Merry Christmas, Haley.”
“Aunt Abby, when are you coming home?” Justin asked after Haley hung up. His voice sounded different. Had he grown in just seven months?
“Sweetie, I don’t know. But as soon as I can, I’ll be there.”
“Okay, I love you.”
“I love you too.” I hung up soon after, emotionally exhausted.
“Let’s go home,” Noah said, taking my hand and leading me out of the office.

“Thank you, so much.” We were back in his Jeep and I was leaning on his shoulder, spent from all I had been through. Noah announced that he had to make a stop but I didn’t see where. I’d fallen asleep shortly after we left the insurance company.

“Anna, wake up.” He nudged me, pulling me out of a very sound sleep.
I sat up and looked around. We were still in the car, but no longer moving. We were parked in front of a Christmas tree lot outside of Shimmer Lake. The snow had picked up and now big fat flakes were drifting slowly down to the ground, covering it in a white soft blanket. It was the perfect weather for tree shopping. We both climbed out and wandered around until we agreed on one. It was the biggest tree we could find. After Noah strapped it to the roof of the Jeep, we were on our way.

We stayed up late decorating it with his parents’ old decorations. He wanted the place to look festive for his family when they arrived tomorrow.
Once it was decorated, I sat down and watched the lights twinkle. Christmas music filtered out of the speakers as I munched on the red and green candy I had put out in fancy crystal dishes.
Noah strolled over and dug through the candy, picking up a handful. He popped a couple in his mouth and fell into the sofa beside me. He spotted a stack of books piled on the coffee table. I had purchased them for his niece last time I was out shopping with Kathy. He picked them up and leaned back.
He flipped through them. “Yours?”
“Yeah, I signed them, although I know she won’t care.” I glanced at the one in his hand. “You know how I came up with that one?”
He held the book in question up between us. “I Love You To Pieces?” He read it with a raised eyebrow.
I smiled, feeling much better after my phone conversation. A weight had been lifted and I no longer felt depressed. “My mom used to say that to us all the time, especially at night. She’d tuck us in and then whisper, “I love you to pieces.” One night I added, “And I hope you never die.”
“A little morbid, isn’t it?”
“Definitely. But I was a kid and my mom never said anything. It became something we did. She’d say the first part and then I’d add mine. It got so that I couldn’t go to sleep without saying it. Up until my teenage years. My mom stopped tucking me in and it used to drive me crazy not uttering those words.”
He chuckled softly, burying his face in my hair. “I love you to pieces,” he whispered.
“And I hope you never die.” My voice came out in a gasp as he nuzzled on my neck. 

The next morning we got up early, moving my things into his place. I wanted his family to feel at home so I took all my belongings, although it wasn’t like I had that much here.
“You know, your things fit in my house just fine. Why don’t you move in?” 
I was stacking my books onto his shelf in the bedroom, but at his words, I dropped one onto my toe. It just happened to be a hardcover. “No,” I blurted out without thinking, partly due to the sting of pain in my big toe.
“Okay. Sorry I brought it up.” He was obviously hurt by my reaction.
I finished stacking the last book and made my way over to him, where he sat on the edge of the bed. “I’m sorry, Noah, but I’m not ready for that step. Nick was never abusive until he moved in.” His eyes sparked with anger at the comparison and he opened his mouth to protest. I held my hand up to stop him. “I know you would never hurt me, but the idea of living with someone brings it all back. Besides, we basically live together now.”
His eyes softened as he tugged me onto his lap. “I’m sorry. I won’t rush you, but when you’re ready, let me know.”
I kissed his whiskered cheek, breathing in his scent. “I will. Now, your family will be here soon and I really want to start on those cookies.” I stood up, pulling him with me. He followed me out to the kitchen.
“While you do that, I’m going to run to the grocery to get some booze and something for supper. My mom said they’ll handle Christmas dinner.”
I was busy pulling out the ingredients for the cookies. I loaded everything onto the counter next to the bowl I had waiting. “Don’t be long. I don’t want to be alone when they get here.” I scooped the flour into a measuring cup, scraping the excess off with the edge of a butter knife.
“I thought you couldn’t cook.”
“I can’t. I can’t even bake anything except for chocolate chip cookies and brownies which I’m also making, and that’s all I got.”
“I’m sure they’ll be great.” He gave me a kiss before disappearing out the door.

Chapter Eighteen
A Family Christmas

The smell of chocolate wafted around the room as I took out the last batch of brownies. I set them to cool on the stove and began stacking the cookies into a container. They were done and I admit, tasted pretty good. I had to try them, didn’t I? I couldn’t risk poisoning anybody, which my cooking usually did—sort of. And just to make sure—I tried three.
When the door opened, I didn’t look up from my task, assuming it was Noah…until I heard a female voice. “Wow, I don’t think it’s ever smelled so good in here, I must have the wrong house.”
I looked over and saw Noah’s mom, Pamela, walking in, carrying grocery bags.
Closing the lid on the container, I stepped up to her. “Hi, Pamela. It’s nice to see you again.”
Noah’s mom was in her fifties, but the only way you could tell was the lines around her eyes and mouth when she smiled. She was tall for a woman, I’d say about five ten and her wheat-colored hair was usually up in a bun, like her mother’s. Today it was down, flowing smoothly just past her shoulders. “You too, honey, how are you doing?” By the tone of her voice, I could tell she knew. Pamela moved to the kitchen counter and laid her bags on top.
“I’m good actually, thanks to your mother.” She smiled, pride shining from her eyes. She loved her mother and it showed. “Is Sylvia with you?”
“I’m here,” the woman in question called from the doorway as she stepped through. The brisk December air blew in with her. Before she closed the door I noticed that it was snowing again. It had stopped last night after we got home with the tree. It was nice to see the light dusting on Christmas Eve, especially now that everyone was here, safe and sound. 
I was so happy to see someone from my other life that I rushed over and gave her a big hug. The familiar scent of spearmint washed over me. “I’m so glad to see you.”
She gently rubbed the back of my hair with her hand. “I’m so glad you’re okay.”
I couldn’t let go of this frail woman; it was like coming home. Someone I saw on a daily basis in my old life was here in my new one. For some reason the floodgates opened and I started to cry. I didn’t understand my reaction. I wasn’t sad. I was happy; actually it gave me hope that someday I could see others from my past.
“I’ll go help Harry with the bags. I’ll give you two some time alone.” Pamela’s voice snapped me out of my emotional breakdown and I let go of Sylvia, stepping away as her daughter went outside.
Through the window, I saw Noah leading a man and a woman that must have been his sister and her husband into his grandmother’s cottage. A little girl followed them.
“Do they know?” I asked, watching Pamela join her husband near the car. I brushed my tears away, hoping to erase all evidence. I didn’t want Noah to know I’d been crying. After yesterday, I thought I was all cried out.
She moved up beside me as we watched the group bring suitcases and coolers into Sylvia’s old home. “Yes, I told them on the way here. They knew something was up since you moved here, but it wasn’t my news. Although, when I told them that you’d be joining us for Christmas they wanted to know the whole story. I thought they should know. Is that alright?”
“It’s fine, I don’t think they ever met Nick.”
She placed a cold hand on my shoulder, turning me to face her. “Actually, after you left, he came by their house to ask me some questions.”
I tried to push down the feeling of fear, but it was difficult when we were discussing Nick. “Has he been there since?”
“No. I’ve been around a long time.” She winked. “I know how to lie.”
Speechless, I simply held her hand and squeezed.
“So tell me about you and my grandson.” She took her coat off and laid it onto my outstretched hand as she sat down at the kitchen table, her flowing plum-colored skirt spread out around the chair.
I gaped at her while I hung up her coat on the coat rack before taking the seat next to her. The legs of the chair scraped against the linoleum floor. “How did you know?”
“Well, when you first arrived, Noah was irritated with you when we spoke on the phone. And I think a little with me because I wouldn’t tell him your situation. But the last few times I’ve talked to him, he sounded happy and content. Besides, I told you, you’d like him.”
I pushed my bangs out of my eyes. “Is there anything you don’t know?”
“Not so far,” she said with a grin and a wink, her pale gray eyes sparkling with amusement.
I laughed. “I’m so happy you’re here.”
The door swung open and Noah stepped inside. “Everything okay in here?” His family stood behind him waiting to come in.
“Everything is wonderful.” Sylvia stood up and took my hand, pulling me up with her. 
Noah walked over and gave me a quick peck on the lips, then taking my other hand, he turned to his parents. “Mom, Dad, this is Anna, my girlfriend.” Everyone’s face took on the same expression—confusion. “She changed her name, and we want to keep it that way, just to be safe.”
Instead of agreeing or showing any sign of understanding they cheered. His mother rushed over and gave us both a hug. She smelled of lavender. “It’s about time someone settled him down and I’m glad it’s you, Anna.” She winked, using my preferred name. “I always liked you.”
Harry came up beside his wife. “It’s nice to see you again and even better now that you can handle this one.” He shot a look in his son’s direction as he gave me a hug. He smelled of mint and chocolate.
Noah introduced me to his sister Jennifer who insisted I call her Jen and her husband Collin. Their little girl Libby was adorable, with light brown hair that fell to her back, pulled up in a head band. She was wearing a cute red Christmas dress. I knew from her uncle that she had just turned four years old.
I took everyone’s coats and placed them in the closet of the spare room while Noah brought in the groceries and dinner, which was pizza from Pizza Villa. “That’s not very Christmassy, Noah,” his mother scolded him, taking a bite after we were all seated around the table drinking wine and beer.
“Since Anna doesn’t cook and we spent the day moving her things over here so you guys could have the cottage, you’re lucky you’re getting food at all.” He winked at his mother, who grinned, taking a sip of her wine.
“I think it’s great.” Collin added his opinion to the conversation, holding up his beer.
“So, Anna, I see you have a new book out. Have you been writing much since you’ve been here?” Pam asked me.
I nodded, swallowing the mouthful of cheese and pepperoni. “Yes, it’s so peaceful and quiet. I’ve written a few actually. I didn’t think I’d be able to publish any of them without being found, but with the help of my editor, we’ve figured out a way to sneak them in.”
“Libby loves your books, we have most of them. I think it’s so cool that my brother is dating Abigail Watson,” Jen squealed, standing up to gather dishes. She stopped and stared at me apologetically. “I’m sorry, I’m just excited.”
I smiled. “It’s okay.”
“Yes, but remember you can’t tell anyone.” Noah said, pointing at her.
Jen turned to him. He was sitting next to her, a scowl clouding her pretty face. “Noah, I wouldn’t do anything to risk her life, I like her. I’m just not sure about you.” She ducked from a playful swat from her brother.
“Now kids, play nice,” their father said with a smile.

After everyone left for the evening, retiring to Sylvia’s cottage, Noah turned on the gas fireplace and dimmed the lights. With the snow falling outside and the tree lights twinkling, the room was cozy and romantic. He took a small wrapped box out from under the tree. “Open it.” He placed it on my lap and fell into the couch beside me. The springs groaned against his weight.
I shook my head, handing it back to him. “No, we should wait until tomorrow.”
His eyes narrowed as he held out his hand and pushed it back to me. “I have more to give you that can wait. But I’d like you to open this one in private.”
“Okay.” I was suddenly very curious. What could it be that I couldn’t open in front of his family? “Is it something dirty?” I asked with a smirk. He just shrugged his shoulders, watching me with intense eyes. I pulled at the wrapping paper to find a little square box—the perfect size for a ring. My heart sank. I loved him so much, but I definitely wasn’t ready for that.
His lips twitched, seeing the look on my face. “Don’t worry, it’s not a ring.”
I sighed with relief, giving him a small smile. “Good.” I lifted the lid off of the box and gasped. I gazed up at him not believing what I saw. “No way!” 
He grinned widely but stayed silent.
Inside the box, surrounded by cotton, was a small heart-shaped sterling silver locket, identical to the one Nick ruined. It looked so much like mine, I almost believed he went to my apartment and dug in the garbage disposal. I rubbed my finger over the embossed lace, hoping that if I opened it, there would be a picture of my parents. Of course there wouldn’t be.
I left it closed so he wouldn’t see disappointment on my face. 
I was so touched by his gift, I was speechless. I had only mentioned the locket to him once, weeks ago. I couldn’t believe he remembered.
“Aren’t you going to look inside?”
“No, I don’t need to. It’s so beautiful. Thank you.”
“Open it,” he said sternly, his eyes narrowed again. I did what he asked. Tears rolled down my cheeks before I could stop them. Inside the locket was a small picture of my parents, exactly like my old one.
I looked up at him. “How?” I whispered, so shocked I could barely speak.
“I looked online for days, looking for a locket exactly like the one in your album. I finally found one and they shipped it yesterday. That was the stop I had to make on our way home.
“I took the pictures from your album and got copies made in this size at a place in Martin. Then I snuck back over here while you were at the diner having lunch with Kathy last week to replace them.”
All I could do was stare at him. So many emotions swam in my head. I left Nick when he took my father from me. And now that Noah had returned him, all I wanted to do was spend the rest of my life with this man.
“You don’t like it, do you? I’m sorry I overstepped. It wasn’t my business.” He took my silence for anger or sadness, instead of what it was—awe. This sweet, wonderful, handsome man, just kept surprising me.
“No, I love it. I just can’t believe you did this.” I was still in shock. The locket was cold against my skin as I held it in my hand. I couldn’t stop staring at it. Just like in my dream, the lights from the Christmas tree reflected off the shiny silver surface.
“I love you,” he said simply with a shrug of his shoulders.
I closed my hand around my new gift and wrapped my arms around him, kissing him with everything I had. “Thank you,” I whispered, pulling away. “And yes, I’ll move in with you.”
He smiled. His eyes alight with the love that must have reflected mine. “You’re welcome. I’m so glad you’ll live with me, because some day you’re going to be my wife.” My eyes widened in shock. I couldn’t speak. He didn’t mind though, he just laughed, picked me up and carried me into the bedroom.

“Uncle Noah, Uncle Noah, wake up, Santa was here.”
I opened my heavy eyelids and stared into Libby’s big blue eyes. Her face was round and delicate, flawless as only a child’s could be. I felt that I was looking into the face of a porcelain doll—until I looked down. She was wearing princess footy pajamas. Her light brown hair, sticking up and falling askew down her back. She grinned at me as she reached out and shook Noah.
He was facing me; eyes wide open with a smile on his face. He started to fake snore. “Uncle Noah, come on, Mommy said we couldn’t open presents until you wake up.” Noah only snored louder.
I smiled at him. “You know, Libby,” I began, sitting up in bed. “I’ve known your uncle a while now and I have a special way of waking him up. Do you want to try?”
She tilted her head, interest sparking into those dark blue eyes. “Yes.”
“Tickle attack,” I yelled, going for the side of his stomach, a spot I found one day while we were horsing around. She joined me in the tickling, with giggles and screams as Noah grabbed her, pulling her onto the bed between us, turning the attack on to her.
I watched as she struggled through the laughs and screams. Noah was smiling and having fun. A feeling of joy crept inside me and I realized I wanted this. I wanted our child to wake us up in the morning. I wanted Noah to tickle his boy or girl and see the happiness on his face that I saw right now. I no longer feared his words from last night. I was excited for him to ask me to marry him—maybe not right now, but someday.
Jen appeared in the doorway wearing a faded gray T-shirt and black yoga pants. Her hair was pulled into a loose ponytail with strands falling loose that shouldn’t be. “Noah, what are you doing to my child?”
“Tickle attack,” he breathed, not looking away from his niece.
Jen raised a brow, a smirk playing on her lips. “Aren’t you too old?”
He slowed his hands, letting Libby take a breath. The child’s hair was now sticking straight up. “She started it.”
The smirk turned into a smile as Jen winked at me over her brother’s and child’s bodies. “Get up, we’re waiting.” Jen reached over and took Libby’s hand, pulling her up off the bed and out of the room. 
“I guess we should get up.” I stood and pulled on my own yoga pants, which were blue. I was wearing an old gray T-shirt of Noah’s, with the words Shimmer Lake High written in navy blue front. I brushed my hair quickly and added a bit of makeup. Finally, I took the locket out of the box and put it on my neck where it belonged. “Come on, they’re waiting.” I moved to the door and stood gazing at him, where he still lay in bed watching me.
“Go ahead, I’ll be right out.”
I did as he suggested and made my way out into the living room where Noah’s family waited.

The next few hours was a haze of wrapping paper, excited squeals and laughter. I missed being around a big family. I was surprised I wasn’t depressed or missing my own. I just enjoyed the day without any sadness. It was Christmas, a time to be happy and thankful and that’s what I intended to do.
Noah loved the brown leather jacket and his CDs, but it was the chisel that inspired a long kiss in front of his family. They cheered at the sight, thankful that their son had finally found happiness. Noah winked at me as he drew away, sitting next to me on the sofa. Besides the locket, Noah had given me earrings and perfume. I decided I would thank him in private.
“Oh Anna, thank you,” Jen exclaimed.
I looked up from my earrings and saw that Libby had opened her present. “You’re welcome.” I had given her a signed special edition to my new book, a signed copy of Wendy’s Wish and a signed copy of the Wendy’s Wish DVD along with the other books Noah had been browsing through.
“I didn’t even know the DVD was out yet.”
“It’s not, but I have connections.”
Later, Sam, Kathy and the kids came to exchange gifts. I was so excited to give Kathy her gift, but when I opened the one from her, I laughed. I watched as she opened hers and held up mine. “We can go together.” We had gotten the same thing for each other, a massage and manicure coupon for the spa in Martin.
“Hey, just what I wanted,” she cried, grinning.
The boys loved their gifts, the same thing I got Libby; they all agreed that it was way cool that I knew a famous author. They still didn’t know who I really was, and thankfully Noah’s family didn’t say my name in front of them.
“Anna, can I have a cookie?” Libby asked me after we finished lunch.
“Not if she baked them,” Sylvia commented, laughing.
I scrunched up my face staring at her. “Hey, you know I can make cookies.”
She shrugged noncommittally. “Yes, that’s true, but I better try them first.”
“Sylvia,” I gasped, while the others laughed.

They left the next day, and although the quiet was welcoming, I was sad to see them go. Noah and I organized my stuff into his house, but I insisted on keeping my office at the cottage. I was inspired there and I didn’t want to mess with that.
I got a message through Debbie that my family loved they’re gifts. I was happy to hear from them, but I was no longer depressed after reading their letters. I missed them, yet I was happy and fulfilled in my new life with Noah.

Chapter Nineteen
Surrender

Winter turned into spring and the anniversary of my escape was fast approaching. Noah wanted to celebrate, since in some way we’d been together for a year. Even though we didn’t start dating until months after I moved. It was his attempt at making it a happy event instead of dwelling on the fact that it had been a year since I’d seen my family. I agreed with him and chose to be cheerful.
The day of the anniversary, I was just finishing up a chapter on my new book called Angela’s Song, about a little girl with the voice of an angel, when Noah poked his head inside the office. “I’m ready to leave.”
I saved my file and jumped up, rushing to join him. I walked with him outside, following him to his car. “I’ll miss you.”
He took my hand in his rough calloused one, giving mine a squeeze. “Anna, I’ll just be gone for the day. I’ll see you tonight for our celebration dinner.” His sapphire eyes gazed into mine, making it harder to let him go. I was being ridiculous, I knew that. He wasn’t leaving me.
The sun was warm, beating down on us, he top of my head starting to get warm. The soft breeze blew the scent of gardenias from the garden Sylvia had planted for me when she visited us last month. I had yet to weed it, which meant that the weeds were growing higher than the actual flowers. I hoped to do it before she returned, but it was hard to focus on more than my book, Noah, not to mention Kathy and the boys. I didn’t have time to weed. What was Sylvia thinking?
Returning my thoughts to the man next to me, I breathed in his scent. He had worked in his workshop this morning and the smell of wood was stronger than ever. “I know, but we haven’t been more than a mile or two apart for more than a few hours since I moved here.” I leaned into him, wrapping my arms around his neck.
He rested his head on mine as I snuggled against his chest listening to his heart beat. I didn’t want to let go, because when I did, I knew he would get in his car and drive off to Bellen Hill for a meeting with a potential client. The man was a CEO of a company there and insisted they discuss the cabinets for his new mansion in person.
His body went rigid and I glanced up to see him staring at something over my shoulder. His eyes widened with horror just before he shoved me away from him. The sound of a gunshot rang out as I hit the side of the house. My head smacking against the stone with a crack, pain shot like a bullet through my skull. I spun around, my head dizzy. Noah was lying on the ground, blood pooling through his blue dress shirt on his right shoulder—exactly where my head had been lying seconds before. “Noah!” I screamed, rushing toward him, leaning over his motionless body. “Are you okay?” I gasped, holding back the sobs that threatened to overtake me.
He opened his eyes slowly, his eyes glassy and distant. He turned to me, focusing on my face. He breathed deep…then gasped for breath. “Run!”
“What?”
He looked beyond me. “Run, NOW!”
Panic and confusion overflowed my brain as I glanced over my shoulder. There was a man wearing a black leather jacket and green baseball cap and he was stalking toward us. “Nick,” I whispered.
“Abby,” Noah breathed, sitting up, cradling his arm. “Go.” He hadn’t used my real name in a year and it sounded odd coming from his lips.
I gazed at him hesitantly, unsure of what to do.
“Please,” he begged.
I closed my eyes, tears running down my cheeks. “I can’t leave you,” I sobbed.
“He’s coming. GO!” he yelled, his eyes showing the pain he felt. It was difficult for him to yell and I was adding to his pain by not doing what he asked. But how could I leave him?
I nodded, making a decision to lead Nick away from Noah. If he had any chance of surviving this, Nick couldn’t be near him. “I love you,” I whispered, as I spun around.
Nick was just crossing the road at the edge of the driveway. He lifted the gun and aimed again. I needed to get help somehow. Although, the best thing right now was to lure Nick away from the man I loved. It was me he wanted anyway. I took off running down the beach just before another shot rang out. This one went into the dock with a hollow thunk as I rushed past, over the dunes and down to the sand.
“Abbbyyy,” Nick called out in a sing-song voice. “Come on, honey. It’s time to come home. I won’t hurt you.” He was using his sweet tone of voice, the one he reserved for his nieces and nephew. I wasn’t falling for it though; he just shot at me! “Let’s just forget the last year and move on. I forgive you for leaving me.” His voice held a hard edge to it, filled with venom, completely contradicting his words.
I kept running, looking for somewhere to hide as I slipped and slid on the wet sand. All I was wearing was the pink flip-flops I wore around the house. I hadn’t expected to be running for my life or I would have chosen hiking boots.
Stop it! Why was I thinking of footwear? I needed to find a place to hide. Another shot rang out. I lunged to the ground into the wet sand, fear snaking up my spine. My hands sunk into the mushy beach, sand clung to my fingers and palms.
On all fours, I glanced over my shoulder. Nick was at the edge of the beach standing on the dune searching for me. When he saw me hunched on the ground, he grinned, his eyes sparking with menace. “Hey, baby. Just give it up. You’re mine, remember? I will always find you.” I didn’t stick around to hear the rest of his speech; I’d thought of a place to hide and took off running, just before another bullet pierced the sky. I climbed up the dunes on my hands and knees and then stood up, running as fast I could for Noah’s workshop.
When I got close to the barn, I glanced behind me. Nick was nowhere to be seen. Noah’s house blocked my view of the beach, hopefully blocking me from Nick. I snuck around the side door and pulled slowly, hoping to avoid the creaking sound I knew this door usually made. The hinges groaned faintly as I opened it. Thankfully it wasn’t loud enough for anyone but me to hear.
Slipping through the door, I rushed to the back of the large room. Nick’s voice erupted from outside. I glanced behind me, bumping into the table saw, making a loud squawking sound. I froze, hoping he hadn’t heard it. Unfortunately, as I stared out the tiny, grimy window facing the lake, I saw his dark head bobbing my way. I needed to find a place to hide, now!
I spun around the room, taking in the machines, the supplies, the desk. There was nothing that would give me cover. Panic bubbled up inside me. It was useless, he was going to find and kill me, what was the point in fighting it?
Just as the pity started to take hold, slithering its way into my chest threatening to smother me, my eyes fell on a little utility closet Noah used for office supplies. It had been a broom closet that he added shelves to. I rushed to the back corner and opened it. It was deep enough for a body to fit. I yanked out a huge box of paper from the bottom shelf and got down on my hands and knees, crawling into the tiny space. I’d just shoved the box back inside to hide me and closed the door, when I heard the creak of the outer door.
I stared down at the floor, terrified that he would find me. Struggling not to make a sound for fear he’d hear me. Scraps of torn paper and dust balls filled the tiny cracks in the concrete.
I could hear the sounds of feet shuffling and the odd smack of hand on machine. He thought I was hiding under them.
I held my breath, hoping that if I didn’t make a sound he would leave. No such luck.
“I know you’re in here.” His voice was agitated; it was making him crazy that he couldn’t find me. “Why do you run from me? I told you the first time we had sex that you were mine. You can’t get away from me.”
He was trying to goad me and it was working. Along with the fear that enveloped me, irritation bloomed in the pit of my stomach. He didn’t own me. I belonged to no one but myself. The irritation was flowering into anger, making me breathe harder. I closed my eyes, concentrating on calming down.
“You know, it wasn’t easy to find you,” he said conversationally. ”Everyone in your life lied to me. Said they didn’t know where you were. Your whole family are fucking liars,” he yelled, his agitation spiking. Just like Debbie had said, he was definitely losing it. “Who do they think they are, trying to keep you from me? I OWN YOU!” he bellowed, his loud booming voice bouncing off of the walls. The footsteps got closer. Panic and fear crept up my spine, paralyzing me. “You know how I found you? That old bitch Sylvia.”
I gasped when he said her name, quickly covering my mouth with my hand. My arm was shaking with fear.
“I always thought there was something up with her, since she moved the day you left. Finally, last week I looked into her background. Turns out she has a bunch of cottages in Shimmer Lake.” The sound of something heavy scraped against the floor—the desk. He was looking behind it. Oh shit, he was close.
“And once I arrived here, it didn’t take long before I found someone who recognized your picture. She called you Anna. She really didn’t like you. She said you were fucking her man.” A pounding sound rang out, startling me. He had punched something, a wall maybe? The footsteps got closer until the door in front of me swung open. “I knew you were a slut. You probably did fuck Jason.” The box of paper slid out. I edged to the back as far as I could go. His hand appeared and grabbed my hair, yanking it and me out of the closet. Pain shot through my head as he ripped strands out. He leered down at me, his musky scent gagging me. “But I got you now.”
He shoved me to the hard cold floor and snaked his hands around my throat, his favorite form of torture, and squeezed. Instantly my airway sealed shut and I gasped for air, kicking and flipping around, trying to get him off of me. I wished I had longer nails as I tried to claw at his hands, but nothing worked. I could feel unconsciousness overtaking me. The sight of his rage filled eyes flashed in and out.
This was it. After everything I did to get away from this monster, he was going to do what he started—kill me, and as a bonus—Noah. We would not get our happily ever after, after all. As light faded to darkness, I heard the sound of Nick’s laughter.

Chapter Twenty
A Threat

The sound of beeping far away pulled me from a very deep sleep. My throat felt like I had gargled with nails and my head was pounding in tune to the annoying sound. My chest ached and my limbs felt like rubber. What was going on, where was I? The sound of footsteps alerted me that I wasn’t alone and for some reason the icy claws of fear rushed through my veins. I didn’t understand my reaction, but as I tried to open my eyes to see who it was and where I was, they stuck together as if they had been super-glued. I couldn’t move my limbs either, something was wrong.
“How is she?” a female voice asked. It sounded like Pamela.
“They said she’ll be fine, but she’s been though an emotional shock and her brain needs to catch up to her body.” Happiness soared through me at the sound of this voice. It was my mother. She was here. But where was here? I tried to remember, thinking of a lake and sapphire-blue eyes. Just like that, the dam of memories broke. It all came flooding back. Nick had killed Noah and then me. But...I wasn’t dead. I was here listening to our mothers talk.
“Noah’s still in surgery, but they said once they get the bullet out he should recover fully.” Pamela’s voice was strained, as if she’d been crying. Of course she had, my psycho ex had shot her son. Her good news made me want to wake up, thankfully some of the weight lifted from my body. Struggling with my eyelids, I lifted them slowly.
My mother was sitting in a cushioned chair next to me, her sandy hair up in a twist, with stray strands falling out. Pamela was leaning against the empty bed next to mine. They both looked harried, like they’d been through hell and back. My mother turned to the woman next to her.
“That’s such good news, Pam. I would hate for Abby to lose him now that they can be togeth—” She stopped speaking when Pamela’s eyes widened, gaping at me with surprise. “What’s wrong?” my mom asked, spinning her head to face me. “Oh, baby, thank God you’re awake.” Relief swam in her eyes as she jumped off the chair to rush at me. “Pamela, can you get the doctor,” my mom commanded, her nursing instincts kicking in.
Noah’s mom grinned at me before disappearing out the door.
“Hey, baby, how are you feeling?” My mom’s voice was soft, edged with emotion.
“Water,” I managed to squeak out. My voice was faint and raspy.
“Of course.” She moved to the counter which held a jug and two cups, filling a glass with icy water. “Small sips,” she instructed. “Your larynx was strained. You need to be careful.”
I did as she instructed, taking small sips. The fire in my throat eased to a simmer. I held onto the cup, knowing I’d need more. “Nick.” Another squeaky gasp.
The relief in her eyes turned to storm clouds. “He’s here in the hospital, under observation. He’s okay, but he’ll have a hell of a headache.” Her lips turned up into a smile at the mention of his pain.
I was confused. A chunk of time was missing. How did I get here and why was I alive?
My face must have shown my confusion. “I guess you wouldn’t know what happened, would you?” Just as she opened her mouth to speak, a woman in a white doctor’s coat walked in followed by Pamela. “Abby, this is Dr. Williamson. She’s been taking care of you.” My mother squeezed my hand and moved back to let the doctor in.
“Hi, Abby. How are you feeling?” The woman was tall, brown hair, kind eyes.
“I’ve been better.”
“I bet you have.” She began looking me over, my heartbeat, checking my throat, inside and out and finally after she checked my blood pressure, she stepped back and smiled. “Everything looks good. You were strangled. Your larynx was obstructed which cut off air flow to the lungs, producing asphyxia. That coupled with the blow to your head made you lose consciousness. The damage to your throat is fine, it will be sore, but as soon as you were able to breathe again you began to heal. The concussion prevented you from waking. Otherwise you would have regained consciousness a while ago.”
“How long have I been out?”
“Four hours. That’s not bad considering the trauma you’ve been through. Other than the head injury you’re fine. But because of it, we’re going to keep you here for observation for the night, just to be on the safe side.” She glanced at me, my mom, and Pamela. “Do you have any questions?”
I shook my head.
“I’m sure if you do, your mother could answer them for you.” With a quick nod, she left us.
Pamela smiled at me. “I’m so glad you’re okay, Abby.” She moved to my side and leaned down to give me a kiss on the forehead, the scent of lavender whirling around me. “I’ll leave you alone with your mom and I’ll go share the good news.” She left the room, leaving me with more questions.
Once she was gone I stared at my mom. “How... did you get here?” The words hurt my throat yet I had so many questions.
“I got a call from Sylvia, telling me that Larry and Pamela were on their way to pick me up. She said that our kids were hurt and they needed us. That’s all I knew, but I was waiting when they pulled up along the curb. Larry drove like a mad man to get here. We made it in three and a half hours. I was told it usually takes five.”
I nodded, knowing that was how long it took me.
“Apparently, Pamela received a call from Noah’s friend Sam. He said that Nick had found you, had shot Noah and was currently after you. Despite Noah’s injuries, he managed to call Sam, who then called the ambulance. That’s all we knew until we arrived here at the hospital.” She took a breath brushing hair off of my forehead. “After Noah made the call, he found you in his workshop. Nick was strangling you. Noah grabbed a two-by-four and clocked him over the head with it. After that Nick didn’t give him much trouble. Sam found all three of you passed out on the barn floor. Noah’s in surgery, but he is going to be fine.”
It was a lot to take in. With all of the information my mother had just told me, the one thing that stood out was the fact that Nick was still alive. Disappointment swallowed me whole at the realization. This horrible incident only confirmed what I’d always feared. The only way he would stop his obsession with me was in death. Unfortunately, he was alive and well with nothing but a bump on the head, while Noah was in surgery fighting for his life. Where was the justice in that? Why was a good man suffering when a man bent on hurting others would be just fine? 
Pushing my frustrating thoughts to the back of my mind, I asked, “Noah...passed out?” I breathed out heavily. The effort to speak was difficult. 
“He lost a lot of blood.” A wash of anxiety flooded through me, but was interrupted when Kathy and Sam rushed in.
“I’m so glad you’re all right,” Kathy mumbled into my shoulder. She was sprawled over me, holding me tightly. Her bright red hair fell onto my face. It smelled like strawberries. Sam stood in the doorway grinning at his wife.
“Um...My throat’s a bit sore,” I managed to squeak out.
She released me instantly. “Oh, I’m so sorry.” She smiled shyly.
I glanced at my mom, touching my aching throat.
“You must be Kathy. Abby has told me about you in her letters. I’m her mother, Laura.”
“It’s great to meet you. Anna, I mean Abby has spoken very highly of you.” Kathy was rubbing my hand as she spoke to my mom.
Sam cleared his throat. “Um...Abby.”
I glanced his way and the grin I saw earlier disappeared. “Nick wants to talk to you before he’s transferred. You don’t have to, but if you do, I’ll be there.”
My mother gasped and Kathy swore and then apologized to my mother.
I ignored them and focused on Sam. “Is he…cuffed?”
“Yes.”
I nodded. It was all I could manage. My throat was burning.
“Abby, no. He has hurt you enough. I don’t want you near him.” My mother’s expression was unyielding.
I glared at her in attempt to let her know she couldn’t stop me.
It worked. She pursed her lips and eyed me thoughtfully. “Is there any way I can talk you out of this?” she asked. I shook my head. “Fine, I’ll help you up.”
My limbs ached as I stood. I leaned on Sam as he led me down the hall and into a private room. A policeman was standing guard at the door. Nick was lying in a pale green hospital gown, just like my own. Gauze was wrapped around the top of his head. Spikes of dark hair shot through the top. He glanced at us as we entered the room. His dark brown eyes burned with rage when he saw me. No doubt disappointed to see me alive.
I turned to Sam, who was wearing his police uniform. “Alone?” was all I said, trying not to speak.
Sam crossed his arms in front of him leaning against the door. “No.”
“What am I going to do?” Nick asked, lifting up his arm that was cuffed to the bed.
Sam only glared at Nick, disgust shining in his eyes.
I reached out, laying a hand on Sam’s arm. “I’m okay.”
He sighed heavily, his face hard. “I’ll be right outside.”
I watched him walk out, standing by the door, leaving it open. “What do you want?” I tried to speak clearly, not wanting to show my pain. I didn’t want him to know he hurt me.
Fury simmered in his eyes. “I wanted to see you so I could let you know that I will get out. And when I do, I’m going right for your man to finish what I started. It won’t be long. I already have my family’s lawyer working on it. It’s not our first domestic abuse issue.”
“You shot someone in front of a witness. They won’t let you out.” I wanted to say so much more, but even the little I was saying was making my throat burn as if someone had stuck a hot poker down my throat.
“Oh, I’ll get out. We will be together again, I promise you that.” He smiled, knowing he had gotten under my skin. “It’s not over.” His words opened a wound that Noah had healed, reminding me that my life in Shimmer Lake had been a fantasy. He would never leave me alone. This man in front of me was unfortunately my reality.
But he didn’t have to be Noah’s.
I could feel the hate coming from him as he glared at me, a wicked smile tainting his lips. He was even more of monster since I’d seen him last. I couldn’t be near him any longer.
I stumbled out of the room, still feeling weak. His laughter echoed into the hallway following me.
Damn it, I let him get to me.

My room was more crowded when Sam and I returned. Larry and Pamela were sitting on the empty bed, talking to Kathy and my mom. “Noah?” I asked his mother.
“The operation was a success and he’s in recovery. We expect he’ll be fine.”
Relief washed over me as I crawled back into bed, holding the awkward gown closed. “It’s my fault,” I whispered. I didn’t mean to say that out loud. It was in my mind and I couldn’t get it out. Everyone turned to me, wearing the same expression—pity and annoyance.
“Don’t be stupid, Abby.” It was Kathy who spoke first.
I glared at her. “Nick wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t for me,” I whispered. My throat didn’t hurt as much when I spoke softly. I glanced around, glaring at everyone. “Nick is a monster, and he won’t stop. Even bars can’t hold him. And I unleashed him onto an innocent man who deserves so much better than me. Whose fault would that be?” Despite my whispered words, they all heard me. Anger coursed through my veins. It wasn’t them I was mad at. I was frustrated that I couldn’t simply have a normal life with the man I love. What made a person think they owned another, that they had control over another human being? I didn’t understand it. But how could I ever understand what went through Nick’s head? There was something severely wrong with him. Besides, even if I could understand why he did what he did, it wouldn’t change anything. He still wouldn’t let me go and he was still a threat to Noah.
I closed my eyes, feeling embarrassed for my outburst. My throat was sore from straining it and my headache was returning.
“Could I have a moment alone with my daughter?” I heard my mother ask.
I opened my eyes just as they exited the room. Kathy was the last to leave. She winked before she headed out into the hall.
Once we were alone, she sat on the edge of the bed, the mattress dipped from her added weight. “Honey, you have every right to be upset. But you also have every right to fall in love again.” She fixed my gown that had been falling over my shoulder. “Nobody blames you, so please don’t blame yourself. This is on Nick, not you.” She leaned in and kissed my forehead as Pamela had done earlier, but my mother smelled of lilac as she had since I was a kid. “Get some rest, I think you need it.”
She was right, I was exhausted. But I wanted to see Noah when he got out of recovery. Maybe I’d just close my eyes for a moment.

I must have fallen asleep because the sounds of hushed voices woke me. I opened my eyes and looked around. The room was full again, with one extra person—Noah. He was lying in the bed next to me, talking to his father. 
“Feeling better?” Kathy asked when she noticed my eyes open.
I blushed, feeling guilty for the way I had spoken to them. “Yes. I’m sorry, everyone,” I croaked.
“Don’t be. You have every right to be frustrated. But just so you know, we don’t blame you.” It was Pamela that spoke up. She was settled in a chair between the beds.
“Can I talk to Abby alone, guys?” Noah asked everyone.
Once they all shuffled out, Noah grinned at me. He was wearing a hospital gown that was loose at the top. I could see the white gauze covering his wound. “Hey,” he said sleepily. He looked exhausted.
“Hi.” My voice was still raspy.
“How are you?” he asked.
I shook my head, baffled that he was worried about me. He was the one that had a bullet in his body. “I’m fine, you idiot. What were you thinking, taking that bullet for me?” I whispered my words since it hurt less to do so.
He reached his hand out across the space between us, taking my hand in his. “I was thinking I needed to save the woman I love.”
I said nothing, looking toward the door.
“You’re not blaming yourself, are you?”
“No,” I lied. I knew there was no sense, he’d just argue like everyone else had. “It’s Nick’s fault, I know that.” It’s not over. I winced at the phantom words that whispered through my mind, like the ghost of Nick following me around. 
“Do you know when we can get out of here?” Noah asked.
“I can leave tomorrow, I don’t know about you. Your injuries are worse than mine.” I swallowed the lump in my throat.
“Yes, but you were closer to death than I was. If I was a few minutes later, you’d be gone.” His voice turned hard as he spoke the last words. “This is just a shoulder wound. I’ll be fine.”
I climbed gingerly out of bed and leaned over him, being careful not to touch his shoulder. I hugged him, sobbing onto his chest, no longer able to stay away. “I’m so sorry.”
He rubbed my back. “It’s okay, babe. I’m fine.”
A nurse came into the room to check Noah over, interrupting my breakdown. I crawled back to my own bed and watched. “You should get some rest,” she said to Noah, glancing at me.
He turned to me when she left the room, his eyes drooping. A slow smile spread across his handsome face.
“Go to sleep, Noah.” I told him. Surprisingly, he did just that. He closed his eyes and after a few moments, he started to snore. I smiled to myself. He wasn’t much of a snorer.
Shortly after, they brought us dinner. I didn’t wake him up, he needed his rest.
Around seven o’clock, Sam and Kathy left. Jamie and Jeremy were at the sitters and needed to be picked up. I told our parents there was no point in staying either. I was tired, my throat ached from my poor attempts to speak and Noah was still sleeping. They left, promising to come back in the morning. They were staying at the cottage.

Noah was still sleeping when I got my walking papers first thing in the morning. I dressed and was ready to go when his parents stepped into the room. “Where’s my mom?” I asked them, looking around. My throat was a little better so I managed to talk softly.
“She’s on her way. She’s bringing your car. She thought you might want to go home to shower and change once you were able to,” Larry answered as Pamela went to sit beside Noah.
“Perfect, I’ll go wait outside for her.” I gazed at Noah looking peaceful, his lips open, breathing heavy. “Can you tell him where I went?” I asked Larry.
He nodded. “Of course. I’ll tell him you’ll be back.”
I didn’t answer, just smiled as I left the room wearing my writing clothes, jogging shorts, tank top and flip-flops. I hoped it wasn’t chilly outside.
As I stood waiting for my mother inside the hospital doors, I kept thinking back to Nick’s comments: It’s not over. I will get out and finish what I started.
I couldn’t believe after everything, not only did he still want to control me, he wanted to own me. Even if he went to jail for five years, ten years, even twenty, I believed he’d still want me back or try to kill me for leaving him. I knew he meant what he said about finishing the job and killing Noah. That’s why I had to leave. I’d made the decision right after my talk with Nick. I saw it in his face, his resolve—he would kill Noah and I had to make sure that didn’t happen.
When my mom pulled up, she was surprised to see me waiting. All I told her was that I needed to get home so I could shower and change my clothes. Since the morning air was cool, my skin was covered in goose bumps. She apologized for not thinking to bring me a change of clothes, but she was in a rush to get to the hospital.
Since the hospital was located in Martin, it took half an hour to get back. As soon as we stepped inside Noah’s house I began to pack, throwing my belongings in my five suitcases. I had to use a few garbage bags for the excess. I’d accumulated quite a bit more since I’d arrived here a year ago. I blamed Kathy for that.
My mother helped me quietly. She didn’t agree with my decision and was giving me the silent treatment, yet she admitted it was just that—my decision.
When Noah’s house was packed, I moved to the cottage to pack up my office. I added that to the car with the rest of my belongings and then wrote Noah a note:
Noah, now that Nick is in jail, I’m going home. I miss my family and don’t love you enough to stay here. Don’t come after me, I won’t change my mind. I’m sorry for all the trouble I caused. Abby
It was the hardest thing I ever did, writing that note and leaving. I loved it here; the cottage, his house, felt like home to me. Horseback riding on Sundays, lunch with Kathy at the diner, waking up with Noah’s arms wrapped protectively around me—these were all memories that I would treasure. But even though this town had come to mean so much to me, Noah meant more. I had to protect him. That meant I had to make him hate me. And I was sure after he read the note, he would.

Chapter Twenty-one
Coming Home

When we arrived at Renwood, I felt a tingle of excitement. I was finally back to where I grew up, where everything was familiar. As we passed my old apartment, the tingle turned to dread. But thankfully, we weren’t headed there. We drove right to Brenda’s house.
The front door of her house swung open before we even got out of the car.
There was hugging, squealing and lots of kisses from Justin and Haley. My face hurt from smiling so much. It was just so good to see them all. It’d been a year and they had changed so much. Haley’s hair was longer, her face a little thinner. Justin had grown like a weed and was missing teeth.
As soon as the kids let me go, I was wrapped in a bear hug by my sister. I breathed in her scent of roses and the tears started to flow again. It was just so strange that I had missed a whole year of my sister’s life. After my father died, my mother withdrew from us for a few months. It was Brenda who had gotten me through Dad’s death. My mother woke up eventually, when she saw Brenda making my lunch, acting like the mother. That night my mother made us sloppy joes—our favorite. From then on, it was the three of us.
The kids pulled me into the house and we sat around the living room as they filled me in on what I had missed.

“Abby, you can’t let that asshole ruin what you have with Noah,” Brenda snapped. Once the kids went outside, my mother told her what I had done.
“I made my decision and I won’t change my mind.” My voice was still soft, not quite a whisper, not quite my normal tone either. My face was a mask, unrelenting. What I’d done was the best for everyone. I loved Noah with all my heart and I knew that he would never leave me. He would stand by my side no matter what misery Nick threw our way. That was simply the kind of man he was. He would subject himself to a lifetime of frustration and pain because he was loving and loyal. And since I felt the same way about him, it was my job to protect him from that.
“She’s right, Abby. You have to call Noah and apologize. You found love, real love. You can’t let it go because you’re afraid.” My mother leaned over and placed her hand on my leg.
I shook my head. “You didn’t see Nick. I did. He told me he would get out of jail and come after Noah to finish what he started as long as I’m with him. I can’t let that happen. And I don’t want to talk about it anymore.” Knowing they wouldn’t let it go, I stood up and went outside to watch the kids play. I was still a little stiff so I lay back on the lounge chair. I felt relaxed watching them run around the yard; their only worry was who got to ride down the small slide first.
Mom and I stayed for dinner. I couldn’t take my hands off of the kids. But after they went to bed, Mom moved home and I went with her. I wasn’t ready to go back to my apartment and I wasn’t sure if I ever would be. I’d live in my old room until I figured something else out.

The next morning, I woke up in my old twin bed to the sound of knocking. I blinked in surprise to see the time on my clock radio. I had slept until noon. Climbing out of bed slowly, I made my way downstairs just as Mom opened the door. Debbie rushed in holding a cake box. When Mom took the box from her, Debbie rushed toward me, wrapping me in a bear hug. “Oh, my God. I missed you so much.” She drew away from me, searching my face. “Are you alright? I wanted to drive up and see you when you were in the hospital, but Brenda told me that you needed to rest.” She took a breath and started following my mom as she headed into the kitchen. Since she had threaded her arm through mine, I went with her. “I was shocked when Brenda called me this morning and told me you were home.”
I smiled, she was a whirlwind of energy and I loved her. I was so glad to see her after all this time. “I’m fine.”
“Then why are you here? You said you were living with Noah.”
I took a deep breath realizing that Brenda hadn’t told her what happened. I cursed her, hating the idea of explaining my decision all over again.
I was expecting to have to defend my reason for leaving Noah once again as I had with my mom and sister, but when I finished my tale; Debbie smiled sadly and hugged me. “I’m so sorry that all of that has happened to you. It’s not fair. But honestly, I understand why you would want to protect Noah from that. I would do the same for Brian.” She sniffed as though she was fighting tears. “Thankfully, I don’t have to.”
Despite everything I had been through, I found myself smiling at my old friend. I should have known she would understand. We’d been college roommates that hit it off instantly and been close ever since. If there was one person in this world who I could count on besides my family, it was Debbie.
My mom was pulling out a pitcher of iced tea and some glasses when we entered the kitchen. 
I took a seat at the table, eyeing the cake box Mom had sat on the counter. “Can we talk about something else? I’m kind of sick of my life right now.”
Debbie nodded, falling into the chair across from me. “Of course. What do you want to talk about?”
“First, tell me what is in the box.”
She laughed, getting up and retrieving the item in question. “Laura, can I get some plates?”
Mom waved my friend away. “I’ll get them Debbie; you sit down and cheer up my girl with cake.”
“That depends on what kind it is,” I said, attempting a joke. Who was I kidding, I’d eat any kind she gave me, despite the fact that I just woke up. After my near death experience, eating cake for breakfast was justified.
“Cherry upside down cake.” 
“There you go Mom; it’s got fruit in it. It’s perfect for breakfast.” 
Mom smiled at me as she sat a tray filled with drinks and plates in front of us.”
“You went through hell, Abby. Eat whatever you want.” She bent down to kiss me on the cheek. “I’ll leave you two alone. I’m going to run out and grab some groceries. Since I’ve been staying at Brenda’s so often, I don’t have much here.” Even though I’d been gone a year, my mom wasn’t comfortable staying at her house very often. Apparently, Nick had been harassing them with questions about me. Every time my mom decided it was safe enough to make the move home, Nick would show up nagging her about my whereabouts. It didn’t matter to him that she didn’t know where I was. In his mind she was lying. 
Once she was gone, Debbie cut us each a piece of cake. “Now that you’re back, I’ll deposit your royalty checks into your bank account.”
“Thanks, but honestly, that is the farthest thing from my mind.”
She shrugged. “I know. But I’m going to do it anyway. And when you’re up to it, I’d love to hear about what you’re writing. Now that you’re not hiding anymore, we can keep in touch more.” She took a bite of the cake and washed it down with tea. “I heard that you went to see Nick at the hospital. What did he say?”
As I filled her in on his threats, I thought of something he had said. “Debbie. Would Brian know if Nick’s family was working on getting him out?”
She shrugged. “I doubt it. Brian hasn’t been very close to Nick since he realized what type of guy his is. They were not even partners anymore when Nick took off to Shimmer Lake.”
I frowned. I couldn’t get his threat out of my mind. If they really did have influence and was able to get him out, how long did I have before he would come for me?
“Hey,” she said pointing at me with her fork. “Didn’t you say that you were close to Heather?”
I nodded, my mouth stuffed with cake. 
“Why don’t you ask her?”
I swallowed the yummy cake, thinking her idea over. It was possible that Heather would tell me the truth. And I was curious how things were going with her. Before I left Renwood last year Rob had stopped his abuse because he wanted to change his life after a near death experience. Heather and I were both doubtful that it would last, but I was happy for her. “That’s a good Idea. I think I’ll pay her a visit.”
Once Debbie left, I slipped upstairs to shower and change. I wanted to leave before my mom got home and tried to talk me out of what I was about to do.
Heather and Rob lived closer to the city than his parents. Actually it wasn’t that far from my Mom’s place. Since it was a weekend, I took the chance that she’d be home. I sighed with relief when I saw her van in the driveway. Rob’s truck was thankfully nowhere to be seen.
When I knocked on the door, I wasn’t sure what kind of reception I would receive. We were on friendly terms when I left a year ago, but it hadn’t always been that way.
I was pleasantly surprised when she greeted me with a big smile and a hug. “Abby! I heard what happened. I’m so glad you’re okay.”
I drew away from her and nodded. “Thanks. It was awful.”
She backed into the house, allowing me entrance. “I can imagine. Come on in, Rob’s gone for the day. I wanted to call the moment I heard, but I didn’t know how to get in touch with you.” She gestured for me to sit down at the table when I did, she asked, “Can I get you something to drink? I have iced tea.” 
“Sure, that would be nice, thank you.” I was surprised that she remembered my preferred drink.
After grabbing two bottles from the fridge, she sat down beside me. “I’m so sorry that Nick went after you.” She shook her head. “But I’m not surprised. He was becoming erratic, and crazed. The longer you were gone the more obsessed he became. Rob was worried about him.” Her concern for me was evident. Her voice was strong; her hair looked vibrant and shiny. She looked even better than when I left. I knew right then that Rob followed through on his promise. 
“Yeah, that’s what my friend Debbie said. She’s living with Nick’s old partner.” I took a sip of my drink. “I’ve wondered about you since I’ve been gone. I was hoping that Rob was true to his word and I can see that he was. You look great.”
She smiled bashfully. “Yeah. He’s been great. It’s been a real turn around. We’re really happy.”
I reached out and covered her hand with mine. “I’m glad. You deserve happiness.”
She smiled. “So do you. I heard you found someone. Is he okay?”
I nodded. “Yes. Nick shot him in the shoulder, but they got the bullet out. He’ll recover fully.”
“You don’t look happy about that.”
I sighed. “Nick asked to see me in the hospital.”
She frowned, a line forming between her brows in worry for something that already happened. “What did he want?”
When I told her what happened in his hospital room and the events that followed, she leaned forward and hugged me again. I was shocked. This was not the Heather I knew. The girl I first met, barely spoke to anyone and tried to hide herself in baggy clothes, not wanting to be seen. “I’m so sorry. If there is anything I can do, just let me know.”
“Actually, that’s why I’m here. Do you know if what Nick said is true? Is his family trying to get him out?”
She shrugged. “Honestly, I don’t know. But I wouldn’t be surprised. You know what Carlo is like. They’ve been through this before.”
“With you?”
She shook her head. “No. Tina told me once that when they were teenagers, Carlo was on a rampage, beating up Sophia. Tina panicked and called the police. He went to jail for three days.”
“Wow.”
“I know. Her mother was angry at Tina for what she did, so she never did anything to help again. She just accepted the life. But she made sure to make a better choice when it came to men.”
I scoffed. “Better than we did.”
She pointed at me with her bottle after she took a sip. “Exactly. I don’t think Carlo abuses Sophia any more, but he doesn’t seem to care that his sons do it. Thankfully, Rob has changed.”
“If you hear anything about it, can you let me know?”
“Of course. Give me your cell number and I’ll call you sometime.”
We exchanged numbers before I stood up to leave. 
I had just handed her my empty iced tea bottle, when the door opened and Rob walked in, followed by Sophia and Carlo.
If I could slip through the cracks of their tiled floor, I would have. But unfortunately, I didn’t have that ability.
“What is she doing here?” Carlo spat out hatefully. “Did you come to brag about what you did to my son?”
“Dad,” Rob began, standing in front of his father, blocking me from him. 
“Are you going to defend her?” Carlo’s eyes grew wide, a look of offence creeping over his features. 
“No, I just don’t want you to get upset.”
“She was just leaving.” Heather said softly, taking my arm and pulling me around them.
“No, she’s not going anywhere until I give her a piece of my mind,” Carlo spun on me. “Do you have any idea what you’ve done to my son?”
I blinked, shocked at his accusation. I had thought the moment would be awkward, but I had no idea he would blame me. “What I did?” I asked, taken aback.
“Because you left him, he went crazy. If you had just stayed where you were and went through with the wedding, he wouldn’t be in jail right now.”
I was speechless. This man who had been nothing but kind to me when I dated Nick, was blaming me for his son going to jail. I couldn’t help it, I saw red. “Are you serious?” I began, my voice shrill with anger. “You’re blaming me?”
Carlo took a step forward. His large build looming over me. “All I know is that Nick was fine before he met you.”
“Enough!” Sophia yelled. It was the first time I’d ever seen her stand up to her husband and I wasn’t the only one who was shocked. Everyone in the room froze, staring at her in stunned silence. You could have heard a pin drop. “This girl is not responsible for our son’s behavior. She is the victim here.” She turned to her husband and narrowed her eyes. “If you want to blame someone for the way Nick has acted, then look in a mirror.”
If we were shocked before, now our jaws dropped. Carlo’s anger turned on his wife and I think Rob realized that as well. He stepped between his parents. “Abby. I think now is a good time for you to go.”
I snapped out of my shock and nodded. “Thanks Heather.”
“You’re welcome.”
I smiled at Sophia and mouthed the words ‘Thank you.’
She smiled back and whispered “Take care.”
Wanting to avoid another scene, I rushed out the door. 

I didn’t tell my mother what I had done. I knew she would be upset. And honestly, I didn’t want to relive it. Instead I snuck upstairs to my old room, hoping to forget it even happened.
I wanted to put all the drama of the last week behind me: Nick, Carlo and even Noah. My sanity couldn’t take much more, so when Kathy called a few days later, I’d had enough. 
“Abby, how could you leave Noah like that? He’s devastated. The man took a bullet for you and you just took off, leaving some bullshit note about not loving him enough. Abby, I know you.”
Holding the phone to my ear, I stared at my computer screen. A blank page glared back at me. I couldn’t work here. I needed my cottage, my lake, my Noah. “If you know me, then you must know that I’m doing what’s best for everyone.” My voice was back to normal and thankfully the headaches had ceased.
She scoffed on the other end of the line. “Did something happen that you’re not telling me? You were acting weird after you spoke to Nick. I know you blame yourself, Abby, but this is ridiculous.”
“Leave it alone, Kathy.” At the mention of Nick’s name, I couldn’t help but think of his family. It was shocking that Carlo blamed me. I couldn’t get his accusation out of my head.
“I can’t do that. You know how I feel about you two. You belong together.” I tapped the wooden desk with my finger impatiently as she spoke.
“Kathy, I really have to go. Tell the boys I miss them. And you can finally tell them who I am. Maybe sometime you can come visit me.”
“Abby—”
“Got to go. Bye.” I hung up, getting out of my office chair and falling onto my bed, flicking the TV on. I couldn’t write, so I might as well give up—for now.
	
Chapter Twenty-two
Visitor
I had hoped with time, I would feel better, forget Noah. Yes, he was everything I wanted in a man, but it just wasn’t meant to be. But two weeks at home, I actually felt worse. All I felt like doing was eat junk food and watch TV. I had no interest in going out when Debbie and Brenda stopped by, nagging me to go. I wasn’t in the mood.
After yet another call from Kathy, my mom stuck her head in the doorway. “Abby, who was on the phone?” 
Not glancing away from the TV, I mumbled, “Wrong number.”
I hoped that after she got her answer, she would leave. But no such luck. She stood in the doorway staring blankly at me. I refused to look at her.
“Is this all you’re going to do, sit around and mope?”
What else was there? I was too emotionally spent to write and I didn’t want to go out in public. News about Nick’s attack and my reappearance had been leaked and reporters had begun to approach me for interviews. “Yep.”
“Debbie called again.”
“Okay, thanks for letting me know.” She wanted me to go out to lunch, hoping she could cheer me up. I wasn’t interested.
My mom stepped into the room, glancing at the walls. My corkboard and posters were still up from my childhood. She used this as the sewing room now, but kept a twin bed in here just in case I needed a place to stay. “Why don’t you call Noah? You’re miserable without him.”
I closed my eyes, wishing she’d stop nagging me about him. I’d made my decision. It was hard enough without her incessant pestering. “Mom, I told you why. I’ll get over it, okay? I just need some time.”
“All right honey, I’ll give it to you, but if you don’t snap out of this depression soon”—she waved at the bed where I lay and the TV where I’d been focused since I got here—“I’m going to start up on you again.”
Nick’s last words haunted me, even into my dreams. In them, Noah lay on the ground covered with blood, only in the dream he never woke up. 
My cell rang, making me jump thankfully pushing the horrible image out of my mind. I checked the caller ID, making sure it wasn’t Noah. He’d begun calling me a few days ago and I refused to answer. I was afraid that if I did, his voice would be too much for me to take. My resolve to protect him might shatter. Thankfully it wasn’t him. “Hello?” I answered hesitantly.
“Hi Abby. It’s Heather.”
“Hey, what’s up?”
I could hear the sound of children in the background. She must be at work. She was a kindergarten teacher at an elementary school in the city. “I just wanted to call and apologize for what happened with Carlo and to let you know that I overheard him and Rob talking.”
“What did they say?”
“It was a whole lot of law gibberish that I didn’t understand, but the gist of it sounded like they couldn’t help Nick. I’m pretty sure that it’s going to go to trial, even though they were trying to get the case thrown out.”
“How could they get it thrown out? Three of us witnessed it.”
“I don’t know, something about biased witnesses and a friend of Carlo’s in the DA’s office. But since the attempted murder happened in Shimmer Lake, his friend doesn’t have jurisdiction. But it doesn’t matter anyway. It didn’t work. He’s going to have to go to trial.”
I should have been glad about that. But that meant I would have to face him in court. I gulped, feeling nervous already. “Thank you so much Heather for letting me know.”
“You’re welcome. And I really hope you get the chance to be happy.”
“And I hope you stay that way.”
After I hung up the phone, I went back to doing nothing. I didn’t want to think about ex-boyfriends and attempted murder, or the idea of testifying in front of complete strangers. I just wanted to forget it all. And I did, for a while anyway.

Sprawled across my bed, remote in hand, I was flicking through the channels, when the doorbell rang, making me jump. Since I was alone in the house, it was up to me to answer it. I swung the door open and my heart soared.
Noah stood on the porch, wearing the brown leather jacket I gave him for Christmas, his hair blowing in the breeze. His clear blue eyes sparkled. I winced at the sight of his right arm in a sling.
He lifted his left hand up, in surrender. “Don’t punch me. I come in peace.”
I folded my arms in front of me and narrowed my eyes. “Are you ever going to let me live that down?”
He gave me a half smile as he shoved his hand in his pocket. “Are you going to give me a chance?”
“I can’t.” Oh, how I wanted to. “Why are you here?”
“Can I come in?”
I stretched my arm out, leaning against the doorjamb to block his way. “No. I said all I had to in the note.”
“Come on, I took a bullet for you, the least you can do is give me a Coke or something.”
His words were like a knife to my heart. I already felt guilty enough; did he have to rub it in? “Fine.” I left him standing alone and stalked to the kitchen, not bothering to see if he had followed. I heard the door close and his footsteps following me down the hall. I took a Coke out of the fridge and set it on the table. “What do you want?”
He raised a brow. “Now there’s that sunny personality I remember. I thought we were past that.”
I ignored his question. “Why are you here?”
Without waiting for an offer, he sat down at the table, lifting his foot up on the opposite chair, making himself at home. He was good at that. The memory of our second meeting popped in my mind. I fought the urge to smile. “Well, in your letter, you said you didn’t love me enough to stay in Shimmer Lake. So I decided to move here. I do love you that much.” 
Oh shit, he was calling my bluff. I didn’t see that coming. “I just said that to soften the blow. I don’t love you at all.” My heart hurt just saying those words.
He smiled. An odd reaction to what I’d said. “That’s not what I heard.”
“What did you hear?”
“That you left to protect me from Nick. Apparently he threatened me and you didn’t tell anyone except your mother.” He popped the top of his soda with his good hand and slurped the brown liquid that gathered on the top of the can.
“My mother called you?”
His smile widened, a dimple popping out. “Yep, nice lady too, she says you’re miserable without me.”
My mother was interfering again, that was not surprising. “She’s old, she doesn’t know what she’s talking about.”
“So, it wouldn’t matter to you then if I told you Nick would be going away longer than he let on?”
I already knew that Nick’s family wasn’t able to get him out like he’d hoped, but what did Noah know? I leaned my hands on top of my mother’s wooden chair. “How do you know that?”
“Sam and I went to the police station to talk to Brian. His captain joined us. Captain Hennessey felt awful for not taking you seriously. They said with our testimonies, along with what Brian’s noticed lately since you left, they’re going to do whatever it takes to keep him in jail. They already have a restraining order against him for you and me. And he’s been kicked off the force.”
For some reason, that didn’t make me feel any better. “Don’t you see that all of those things are going to piss him off? He’ll want to hurt us even more.”
“Who cares? We do what we can to protect ourselves and then the rest will happen, but we can’t stop living our lives because of it. You can’t let him manipulate you, which is exactly what he did. You’re letting him control you. You need to decide what you want, and do it. Whatever makes you happy.”
I was torn. On the one hand, I’d always fear Nick, even behind bars. He threatened to kill Noah and every inch of my being was screaming to protect him. But on the other hand, as Noah pointed out, living in fear without him, was miserable. It had only been two weeks and I wasn’t handling it well. How would I be in a month, or a year? Would I be able to move on from him? In my heart I knew the answer—it was Noah and I couldn’t imagine life without him. I had lost who I was with Nick. But in Shimmer Lake and with Noah, I found myself again. Could I go back to who I was after all I’d been through?
“I don’t know.” I thought that hearing his voice on the phone would make me change my mind. His being here in the flesh, looking so good, not to mention his persuasive words were all but dissolving any resolve left in me. I didn’t know what the right thing was anymore.
“What don’t you know? Do you love me or not, honestly? Don’t lie to me, I want the truth.”
I couldn’t fight him anymore; just being near him made me feel better. “The truth is I was happy living here before Nick, and before you.” I moved over to the patio doors. His smile faded with my words. “But when I moved to Shimmer Lake, I came alive. I love it there, I love the scenery. I love horseback riding on Sundays, I love going to the diner with Kathy. I love skinny-dipping in the lake right outside my door. I love everything about it.” His smile was breathtaking as he stood up, closing the gap between us. “Except Cindy of course.”
He laughed. “Of course.”
“But do you want to know what I love the most?”
He nodded, his eyes filled with hope.
“I love waking up in your arms. I love how you make me feel. I love that you make me try new things. I never did that before, I’ve never been spontaneous. And I love how I felt when I watched you and your niece Christmas morning. I glimpsed my future and I was excited. And most of all, I love you. You’re arrogant, cocky, pushy, sweet, loving, and the best man I’ve ever known. How’s that for honesty?”
“Pretty good. Now it’s my turn.” He brushed his thumb against my cheek, my skinned buzzed with excitement. “When you didn’t show up to the hospital, I was worried. I had my dad go check on you. When he came back, he gave me the note. I was devastated, I wanted out that day to follow you here. They basically had to hold me down so I didn’t rip my stitches.”
Guilt stabbed my heart, making my eyes water. “I’m sorry.”
“But while I was in the hospital, I had a chance to think. And the more I thought about it, the more pissed I was at you. I was so mad at everyone and everything—until your mother called—then everything made sense. Because I knew you loved me, there was no way I was wrong about that.”
“Because who wouldn’t love you?”
“Exactly.” His dimples peeked out of his cheeks as he grinned. “But after I got off of the phone with your mother, I made a decision. I want you in my life. And I’ll do whatever you want to make that happen. Even move to the city.”
I could only blink. His words had left me speechless.
“I love everything about you too. I love that you’re a planner and not at all impulsive. That you wear tennis shoes instead of those spiky things that look like they hurt. That you punched me the first time we met. That you’re friends with Kathy. I love that you have no idea how beautiful you are, and I love how passionate you are with your writing.”
I smiled, his words making me feel all warm and mushy inside. It was much better than the pain of the last two weeks. I leaned toward him to give him a kiss, but he drew away from me. Puzzled, I made a face at him.
He grinned at my reaction. “There is one thing about you that I don’t love.”
I raised an eyebrow, wondering where this was going. “Oh really? What would that be?”
He knelt down on the floor in front of me, taking a box out of the pocket of his coat. He opened it, revealing a gorgeous white gold band with a large diamond in the center and two small ones on either side. “Your last name. Will you marry me?”
I gasped, it was so beautiful. He was everything I wanted. When I thought of the perfect man, his was the face that appeared. The life we had in Shimmer Lake was a dream come true, and all I had to do to make the dream a reality, was say, “Yes.”
He jumped up and wrapped me in his good arm. 

Chapter Twenty-three
Happily Ever After

The sun glistened off of the water as a rock plopped in, creating ripples. Justin threw another one, this time managing to skip it. Jamie, Jeremy, and Libby made similar attempts, but most of the rocks were too big and just dropped into the water making larger ripples.
White chairs were lined in front of the water’s edge. Our loved ones milled around talking to each other. Jeff and Collin seemed to be deep in a conversation that most surely involved sports.
Jen and her mother were trying to get the kids seated, but once they managed that, one child would get up, finding another rock to throw into the water.
I watched the scene outside from my perch on the window seat, happy and content. It had been a month since Noah proposed and all was right in my world. I hadn’t been in a hurry to marry, but Noah insisted we do it as soon as possible. He said he couldn’t wait to have me as his wife. The truth was, I couldn’t wait to have him either.
“Abby, come on, you have to get your shoes on, the music is about to start.” My mother’s voice was filled with nerves and impatience. I turned away from the window to watch the activity inside. Brenda was fighting with Haley who wouldn’t keep her crown of flowers on her head. Kathy and Debbie stood looking beautiful, wearing pale lilac strapless dresses, were flipping through a cookbook. “Brenda, where is Justin? We need our ring bearer if we’re going to get started.” Mom was searching around the room.
“I don’t know, he was just here.”
“He’s outside throwing rocks in the water,” I answered with a hint of laughter in my voice.
“I told him to stay inside.” Brenda ran out the door with lightning speed. Only a mother could manage to run after her child in spiked heels and not wobble once. I looked out the window to watch Brenda run after Justin as she grabbed him by the collar of his little suit jacket, dragging him away from the water.
“Abby, are you all right?” Sylvia asked, sitting on the armchair in front of me.
“I’m perfect.”
“You seem quiet.”
“I’m just happy. Thank you, by the way, for the ring.” I glanced down at the ring Sylvia insisted Noah use to ask me to marry him.
“It was meant for you. He wanted to buy a new ring. But I knew this was the one. Just like I knew you two were meant for each other.”
“Yes, but it’s yours.”
“Honey, I’m done with it. Henry died, my marriage is over. I wore it for a long time. When Noah told me he was going to propose, I knew it was time to pass it on.”
“Grandma, the minister wants everyone to take their seats,” Jen called from the door.
Sylvia kissed me gently on the cheek and followed her granddaughter out, leaving the scent of spearmint behind her. 
My mother kissed me on the forehead. “Your father would love him,” she whispered before disappearing.
I smiled to myself knowing what she said was true as I watched her from the window. She walked down the aisle lined with lilacs, nodding and smiling at people she knew.
Kathy, who was my maid of honor, came over with my shoes. “Do I have to?” I whined.
“Yes,” Kathy and Debbie yelled at the same time. I placed my white pointy heels on my feet, sure I was going to trip down the aisle, and stood in front of the mirror. My hair was in curls piled at the back of my head, with a small crown of white roses above. A veil hung below the curls and fell to the floor. I was wearing my mother’s dress, just like I’d always wanted. It was a perfect fit, as though I was meant to wear it. The dress was a simple strapless, covered in white lace, with beading along the bodice. My locket complimented it perfectly.
“Come on, Abby,” Brenda hissed. They were all lined up outside the door waiting for me.
I stood just inside the doorway watching Wade and Debbie start the march to the guitar gently playing in the back ground. After Brenda and Jeff, Kathy and Sam followed.
When I heard the guitar tune change to, “Here Comes the Bride,” I started slowly down the path that led to the dock where Noah was waiting, wearing his charcoal-grey suit, thankfully without the sling. When he saw me, his blue eyes widened with admiration and a lopsided grin appeared. He winked, making me laugh.
It was only right to start the rest of our lives together in the spot where we first met. Only this time, instead of punching him, I would kiss him in front of everyone we loved, sealing our promise to love each other forever.
I walked to him, sure of what I wanted, no longer afraid of my past, only hopeful for the future. I was in love with the most wonderful man and he was in love with me. That was all I could ask for.


One year later,
Twinlane Prison
The pungent smell of piss in the small cell twisted Nick’s stomach. It was the first thing he was aware of when he woke up each morning. The second was his cellmate. The man’s body made sounds that just weren’t natural on another human being.
Repelling away from his horrible surroundings, he flipped to his side to stare at the picture he had taped to the wall of…Her. She was the reason he was in this hell hole. If she’d only believed him when he promised he would change, she would never have disappeared. She would never have betrayed him by marrying another man. She belonged to him and someday she would realize that. He knew it in his heart from the first day they met.
“Costa! Get up! It’s breakfast.” His cellmate bellowed from behind him as he walked out.
Now that he was alone, Nick sat up, bending down to pull a folder out from under his mattress. When he opened the file, he scanned the years’ worth of Surveillance photos. His breath caught. She was just as beautiful as the day he met her. There were pictures of her having lunch with a tall red head at some dive in her stupid little town. Some more shots of her running errands in the nearest city. There were even pictures of her writing through her office window. But what was conveniently missing in the file, were photos of her with her fake husband. And there was a good reason for that, she didn’t belong to him. Someday he’d figure that out.
“Nick, let’s go. What do you think this is, a restaurant? They’re not going to hold the food for you.” Nick’s friend Jimmy sauntered into the cell. He was a former cop, turned bad by a drug dealer and since the general population didn’t like their kind, they watched each other’s back.
Nick tucked the folder back in its previous hiding spot and followed his friend to the mess hall. It was thinning out as the other inmates went to their jobs or out to the yard. Jimmy made his way to the food line joking around with a few of the guys at the tables nearby. But Nick stayed silent. He was focussed on getting his food. He wanted to eat it quickly because he had a visitor coming today.

Just as he finished eating and was heading to the laundry to start his daily shift, a new guard called out to him. “Costa! You got a visitor.”
Anticipation filled him as he spun on his heels and headed to the visiting area.
Once in the room, he scanned the tables for his Dad. It was like clockwork, every third Wednesday of each month, his father would come and see him, always bearing gifts. But that day as Nick looked around, his heart plummeted. Carlo was nowhere to be seen.
There were only a few other inmates with visitors. Mike, a big burly guy who sold cigarettes to anyone that could pay, sat with his mom. He was the oldest Mama’s boy Nick knew. Freddy, a slimy guy that worked in the laundry alongside Nick sat beside a girl and a baby that must be his girlfriend and kid. It was sickening that Nick could be jealous of that idiot. But as he watched them smile at each other, he could feel the green monster stir inside of him. Frustrated, he looked around again.
A raised hand drew his attention to a man at a rear table—his brother, Rob.
Smiling, he walked toward him. “Hey, what are you doing here?” Rob didn’t visit as much as his father, with a wife and two kids, he was pretty busy.
Rob was sitting at the table with his arms folded in front of him and a scowl marring his face. “I came for Dad. He’s sick today.”
Nick’s smile evaporated as he took a seat across from his brother. “Oh.” Was all he could manage to say. Ever since Rob got shot, he’d been different. Nick knew he wouldn’t approve. But honestly, Nick didn’t give a shit. It was his life and he’d live it how he wanted.
Rob leaned forward over the table between them, his hands fisted in front of him. “How could you make Dad do this? He’s in his sixties for Christ’s sakes.”
“I didn’t, it was his idea.” Nick shrugged. “And besides, he’s not doing it. He’s got a friend in the business.”
Rob sighed heavily, reaching down on the seat beside him. “Well, I want it to stop. You have no right!”
Nick narrowed his eyes at him, a hot surge of anger spiking through his veins. “I have every right. She’s mine!” He clenched his teeth, stopping himself from saying anymore. He didn’t want to get in a fight with his brother. He might not give him the package.
Rob lifted his hand that was now holding a file folder. “This has to end now. You won’t like what’s in here.”
Nick frowned, unsure of why he wouldn’t like seeing the woman he loved. The investigator never took photos of the fake husband, so what could possibly be in there that he wouldn’t want to see?
Reluctantly, he reached for the folder and opened it. His breath was sucked out of him at the sight of his woman. She was walking across a busy street, completely unware that she was being followed. Her honey colored hair was down, flowing past her shoulders. Unfortunately, sunglasses covered her gorgeous eyes, warding off the bright sun. She was wearing a long flowing skirt and a loose fitting blouse that fell over a very large protruding belly.
His fiancée was pregnant with another man’s child.
Unadulterated rage so strong, he was barely able to contain it, erupted inside him. He glared at his brother as if he were the fake husband and was responsible for Nick’s woman betraying him like that. “I have to get out of here.”
Rob sighed again. “And do what? It’s over, she moved on. There is nothing you can do about it.”
Nick smiled, knowing that like everyone else, Rob underestimated him. Nick would get out of that hell hole and when the time came, they would be together. It wouldn’t matter what she did before. Nick would make her love him again, even if it was the last thing he ever did. “You wanna bet?”

The End


Share your thoughts about this book with a review

If you enjoyed part two of Abby’s story, check out the third installment of the Shimmer Lake Series, SLIDING BACKWARDS  http://www.amazon.com/Sliding-Backwards-Shimmer-Lake-Book-ebook/dp/B015QJ7TYY/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1443194192&sr=8-1&keywords=sliding+backwards


Chaeck out a sample of the third installment of the Shimmer Lake series, SLIDING BACKWARDS, now available at all ebook stores.

Everything.
Every single thing I loved in this world …was gone. I was alone, trapped in a black hole so deep in utter despair, I couldn’t breathe.





Chapter One
Hope

In fairy tales the knight in shining armor saves the princess from the evil villain. After he kisses her, they live happily ever after.
Unfortunately, reality doesn’t quite work that way. I was saved from my own personal villain but the scars lingered. I was happy with my knight, and he was everything I ever wanted in a man, yet seven years later, the memories of my tormentor still haunt me. With every day that passes, the memories dim, but they never fade. 
After all this time, there are still mornings when I wake up with a tightness in my throat and the sting of hands clasped firmly around my neck. There are still moments when I shrink inside myself because of a raised voice or loud noise. Despite all of that, I refuse to get lost in those moments, because if I do, then he wins, and I won’t allow that to happen.

“Watch me, Daddy! Watch me!” Hope’s sweet voice flowed over me like a balm, soothing my soul as I finished off the last sentence. I had finally done it. I’d written an adult fiction novel. I’d always wanted to write one. I just never imagined I would choose this particular subject matter. 
“Wow, Hope, that was awesome. Can you do it again?” The man who spoke was the reason I had survived all those years ago. He was the bright spot in a really dark time—my lighthouse in a torrential rain. He saved me both figurative and literally from the person set on controlling my life.
A roar of giggles and deep laughter drifted in through my open office window, pushing the murky thoughts brought on by my manuscript to the back of my mind. With the first draft finished, it was time to take a break and focus on happier times, such as Labor Day weekend. There were heaps of fun activities planned and I couldn’t wait to spend them with my family.

“Mommy!” Hope squealed after I emerged from our home onto the deck, wearing my deep blue tankini. The late afternoon sun gently touched my face, warming not only my skin but inside as well. Thoughts of Nick always made me feel cold.
When Noah tossed Hope up into the air, she dropped back into the water with a splash. She shot back up, the water dripping down her face and hair. The giggles erupting out of her sounded like the wind chimes hanging from the porch roof that swayed with the breeze. 
At the sight of my beautiful daughter, I felt a smile instantly tug at my lips. She was the product of my life with Noah; with his bright blue eyes and my sandy hair, she reminded me every day of what our love had created.
“Are you coming in, babe?” Noah asked, looking up at me. He was standing waist deep in the lake next to our house, the sun beaming down on his damp hair and skin. His already light hair looked almost white against the tan he had accumulated during the summer. Even after all of our years together, my stomach flipped at the sight of him. He was the most handsome man I knew. 
“Come in, Mommy, come in!” Hope chanted, jumping up and down, the water splashing against her already soaked pink and yellow polka-dotted bathing suit.
With the two people I loved the most begging me to spend time with them, how could I resist?
I stepped toward the beach and waded into the water, sucking in a sharp breath as the slightly chilled liquid touched my bare legs. Since summer was on its last legs, the air was cooler at night, and therefore so was the lake. That didn’t stop Hope from swimming, though. She loved the water and nagged us daily to go in, even if it was raining. We were surprised she hadn’t sprouted fins yet. Her love of the water was yet another reason I thanked my lucky stars that my previous neighbor, Sylvia, had helped me escape my abusive relationship. When she handed me the key to her cottage seven years ago, I never imagined it would change my life as much as it had. I fell in love with the beauty of the cottage and lake as much as I did the man in the house right next to it.
“Did you finish?” Noah asked as he took slow strides toward me, the water parting smoothly as he moved.
Hope stayed behind him, and as she bounced up and down, the water crashed against my thighs, causing me to wince once again as it touched a dry patch of skin.
I grinned, feeling pride all the way down to my toes. “Yes. I just sent it to Marcy and Debbie.” Debbie was my editor for all of my children’s books and had been my best friend since college. She worked for my publisher and had been discussing my new book with her bosses as well as with my agent, Marcy. I was expecting a call from Marcy on Tuesday.
Noah reached out and put his hands on my waist, leaning in to brush his lips against mine. My lips tingled at the touch. “Good. I know how difficult it was for you.”
Difficult was an understatement. Even though I enjoyed writing children’s books and was somewhat successful at it, the idea of writing a novel for adults had always been in the back of my mind. I never could have imagined it would be about my own experiences.
When I first put pen to paper—or more accurately fingers to keyboard, it was just a therapeutic exercise to let out my trauma. However, once I started, I couldn’t stop. It didn’t take long to realize that it was so much more than I had originally thought. Instead of just a journal that helped me sort through bad memories, it became a novel loosely based on my time with Nick and how I survived his abuse.
Noah pulled away, a small smile lighting his face. “I’m proud of you.”
His words spread warmth throughout my body, the unwanted memories long gone. I leaned up to give him another kiss, a longer one this time, savoring the taste and feel of the man I was desperately in love with. At the sound of a girly squeal, I felt a splash of water hit my face with a splat. It hit Noah as well and we both turned slowly to look at our daughter, droplets of water dripping from our chins.
She was grinning, her dimples peeking out from her chubby cheeks. “Are you two going to kiss…or swim?” Her head was tilted to the side, her light hair darkened from the water that dampened her silky locks. 
Noah stepped away from me and scooped her up, her small frame swallowed up by his long muscular arms. She squealed once again just before he tossed her back into the lake. When she stood up laughing uncontrollably, she cried, “Do it again,” between her shrieks of laughter.
I smiled at the sight before me, feeling truly blessed at how my life turned out. My tormentor was in jail and had been for years. I was happier than I’d ever been. 

“It’s huge.”
“I can’t believe it fits.”
Kathy and I were standing at the bottom of a waterslide. And not just any old slide. This thing was enormous. I couldn’t believe it fit on the park grounds. “I thought the council decided against a waterslide in town,” I said, clenching my cold pop can against my arm. The sun was hot, glaring above us. I was thankful I chose to wear a simple tank top and jean shorts.
Kathy waved at Jeremy as he sat down at the top, getting ready to slide, his long legs folded into a sitting position. “They did. Until Mayor Donovan overruled. His granddaughter wanted it.”
I nodded in understanding; Mayor Donavon’s granddaughter was in Hope’s class at school, and whatever she wanted, her grandfather would usually get it for her.
Despite his age, Kathy’s son laughed as he slid down the long tube, making me smile. He had just turned fifteen and still loved a waterslide. My grin widened when his father flew down behind him. Once a kid, always a kid. I wasn’t exactly surprised; Sam was an overgrown child, just like his best friend, Noah, who just appeared at the top of the slide. Hope was poised on his lap.
She squealed like a banshee as they sailed over the bumps, twists, and turns. By the time they landed at the bottom, she was laughing hysterically.
Before we arrived, Hope had been reluctant to try the slide, leery of the height.
“I guess that means she likes it,” Kathy observed. The sun glared off of her red hair, almost blinding me.
My cheeks hurt from grinning at my child. “I guess so.”
Noah picked our daughter up and carried her back to the line; guess they both did.
Leaving our happy family, Kathy and I wandered over to our picnic table, the festive sounds of summer filling the space around us. “So, how’s it going with Jamie?” I asked as we sat down, both of us setting the drinks we’d been holding down in front of us on the wooden surface.
Kathy frowned. “Ugh. I don’t know. He doesn’t talk to me.”
Jamie was seventeen and head over heels in love with their next door neighbor Alice. 
I spotted her son under a tree nearby, lip-locked to the neighbor. I pointed. “Uh…um. He looks very busy at the moment.”
Kathy turned her head in the direction I’d pointed. “Hey, Jamie,” she yelled over all the voices around us, causing a few heads to turn in our direction. “You might want to take a break before one of you suffocates.”
The pair of teens pulled apart. Alice buried her face in her hands, her cheeks a bright shade of crimson, almost matching her boyfriend’s hair. Jamie spun on his mother, glaring at her.
“Are you trying to embarrass them?”
“Of course. Isn’t that what mothers are for?”
I couldn’t help but laugh, just as Sam appeared, taking the seat next to his wife.
“What’s so funny?” he asked me, stretching his hands out in front of him.
Kathy shook her head. “Nothing.” She glanced around. “Where is everyone?” 
“Jeremy blew us off for his friends, and Hope and Noah went to get ice cream cones.”
“You didn’t want one?” I asked. A gaggle of girls walked by us, their voices shrill with excitement. I watched them, thinking of my sister, Brenda, and our friends at that age.
“No. I’m still stuffed,” Sam said, pulling my attention back to him.
“That’s what happens when you have four burgers,” Kathy scolded.
Unoffended, Sam simply patted his stomach.
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Noah and Hope, each holding a cone. Noah was licking his favorite cherry cheesecake. Hope had her usual, bubble-gum. When they got closer, I noticed something else. 
“What the hell is on your face?” Sam asked Noah when they reached the picnic table.
They each had wings framing their eyes. Hope’s were purple with gold sparkle, while Noah’s were blue with silver sparkle.
“Butterfly wings,” Noah answered, unfazed by Sam’s mocking.
“Why did you do that?” Sam could barely hold in his laughter.
Before Noah could reply, I couldn’t help but add, “That’s nothing. You should have seen him last week. He was wearing a tiara and clip-on earrings.” 
Now Sam’s laugh slipped out. “Did you really?”
Noah frowned at me for exposing his secret, then met his friend’s imploring gaze. “Yes. It was a tea party. Formal attire was required.”
Sobering, Sam glared at Hope. “Are you saying you had a tea party, and you didn’t invite me?” The playful fury was clear in his voice.
Hope giggled, her ice cream forgotten as she listened to the adults banter. “Yes. But you can come next time, Uncle Sam.”
“I’m going to hold you to that.”
When Hope wandered away to play nearby with a friend from school, Kathy smirked at my husband. “So you wore earrings and a tiara, huh?”
He shrugged. “That’s what you do when you have a little girl.”
“You’re a good daddy. I knew you would be.”
We were interrupted when Hope rushed back, falling into me, smelling of bubble gum and the watermelon she’d eaten earlier. “Mommy, it’s your turn to get your face painted. We all have to be butterflies.”
“Why?” I asked, not exactly sure I agreed with her statement.
“’Cause we’re a family.”
That, I couldn’t argue with. I stood up and allowed her to lead me away.

Later, after an exciting night of beautiful, yet very noisy fireworks, Noah carried Hope into our home. She was fast asleep nestled in his arms, the left side of her face and the purple wing around her eye all I could see of her. The paint was faded and had smudged onto Noah’s blue T-shirt.
I followed him in, pulling out a pair of pajamas to change her in to.
Once I’d dressed her, and she was comfortably sleeping under the covers, we stood at the doorway watching her sleep. She was so peaceful; it was hard to look away.
“We make good babies,” Noah stated, wrapping his warm arms around me.
“We sure do.”
“Want to try again?” He bent over and nuzzled my neck, awaking a buzz of pleasure inside me. 
“Okay.” I laughed softly, tilting my head to allow him access. “But maybe not here.”
He chuckled under his breath, pulling me out of Hope’s room and into our own.


Chapter Two
The Search

“Hope, hurry up! You’re going to be late for school.” My words were answered by a muffled groan. It was the third time I had called her and she had yet to come out of her room.
It was Tuesday morning and I was waiting on the call from my agent about my new book and trying to get Hope ready for the first day of school. She’d had a meltdown already about what to wear. She was six. The idea of her fretting over clothes terrified me. She was so unlike me, who at her age wore whatever my fingers touched first. Even now, I never really cared what I looked like, much to my friends Debbie’s and Kathy’s dismay. There were fashionistas and were forever trying to change me. I could not be changed. 
When I had pulled out the outfit Hope and I had agreed on weeks before, she smiled, her mood lighting instantly. I hadn’t seen her since.
Just as I stuffed her lunch into her backpack, she rushed out of her room looking adorable in a long-sleeved pink top with brown plaid edging and a brown corduroy knee-length skirt. Most of her shoulder-length hair was down, but I had pulled the sides up with pretty pink and purple butterfly clips.
“Come on, Mom, I don’t want to be late.” Her voice sounded annoyed, like she was the one waiting on me, not the other way around. She snatched her backpack and headed out the door, the metal edge smacking against the frame with a loud thwack.
I rolled my eyes and followed.

“Do you know what Alysa said last night at the park?” Hope asked me while we stood in our driveway waiting for the bus. She loved going to the park for the annual fireworks show. It was something we’d done since she was a toddler. Last year was the first time she was able to watch it without her hands covering her ears. 
“What?” I was only half listening. I was anxious about the call from Marcy. She told me last week that she’d been in touch with several publishers and was expecting to hear from them soon. And after my talk with Debbie on the weekend, I was on pins and needles.
“She said that Ms. Hannigan was our teacher.”
“Is that a good thing?” I kicked a pebble off of our paved drive with my fuzzy lilac slipper. It rolled into the grass, getting lost in the blades.
“Yes. She plays the guitar.” Her eyes were the size of the tire swing Noah had hung from the enormous elm on our front lawn. “Isn’t that cool?”
“Very cool.”
At six, it didn’t take much to impress my daughter. I missed that feeling of innocence that only existed when you were young, before the stresses that came with growing up tainted your outlook on life. 
The sound of the phone ringing from inside the house jolted me away from my daughter’s excitement. It was most likely Marcy. “Oh, honey. I have to get that. I’ll be right back.”
“Okay, but hurry!” Hope ordered as I rushed inside, making my way to the phone.
“Where is it,” I mumbled. I could hear the muffled ringing coming from the counter. It was covered with the makings of Hope’s lunch and I couldn’t see the phone. Just when I worried it would stop ringing, I found the blasted thing under the half-filled bread bag.
“Hello?” I answered breathlessly, making my way back outside, the sun blinding me as it shone over the lake. I blinked, my eyes adjusting to the brightness.
“Abby?” Marcy asked.
“Yes. Are you calling with good news?” I stepped onto the pavement of the driveway and saw the back of the bus as it turned the corner up ahead. Darn it, I missed Hope’s send-off. For the last two years she always blew me a kiss before she hopped up the steps. It had become our tradition. I hoped she wasn’t too disappointed. I stared at the yellow bus, a ball of regret forming in my stomach. I would just have to make her favorite supper tonight to make it up to her. I hoped Noah was in the mood for tacos.
“Did you hear me?” Marcy was saying, pulling me back to the conversation.
I waved as the bus disappeared around the corner and once again directed my attention to the call. “No, sorry. What was that?”
“I said, you’ve had a couple offers.”
Excitement bloomed in my stomach, spreading through my body like butterflies trapped in a cage. “Is one from my publishing house?” When I first told her I was writing the book, she insisted on looking elsewhere just to see what was out there. I really didn’t want to leave my current publisher since Debbie worked there, yet I went along with it anyway. 
“Yes, but their offer is the lower one.”
My excitement dimmed. “Oh,” was all I could think to say as I opened the door and went back inside.
I moved to the counter and started cleaning, twisting the bread bag closed and folding the excess under the bread before tossing it into the cupboard.
“I know you didn’t want to go anywhere else, but I really think you should consider it.”
I was quiet for a few seconds while I wiped the crumbs from the counter. “All right, I will. Just email me the offers and I’ll take a look at them.”
The tapping of her keyboard was the only sound for a brief moment before she spoke again. “I’m still waiting on one more publisher and I’ll send that when it comes.”
“Okay,” I sighed. “Do you think they’ll up their offer?” I knew she would understand who I was referring to.
“They might, but you should look at both first.”
Shaking the cloth into the sink, I tossed it over the tap. “Send them to me and I’ll get back to you later.” 
Once she agreed, we hung up. I finished cleaning, my thoughts on contracts and deals. I hated this part. All I wanted to do was write; I had no interest in the business end of it.
When the kitchen was clean, I headed into my office to check my email and call Debbie. I needed her advice.

An hour later, I was immersed in offers and documents, no closer to making a decision. Since Debbie was in a meeting when I called, I was on my own. When the phone rang, I grabbed it quickly, not even looking at the caller ID. “It’s about time,” I said with frustration clear in my voice.
“Abby?” It wasn’t my friend’s voice on the line as I expected, yet it was familiar.
“Yes.” 
“It’s Nicole.” She was the secretary at Hope’s school. In a small town as small as this one, everyone was on a first-name basis. 
“Hi, Nicole, how’s your mother?”
There were voices in the background, both children’s and adults’. “She’s good. We just got her settled into The Home.” I could hear the strain in her tone. She had struggled with the decision.
“She’ll be happy there,” I assured her, hoping to ease her conscience. Her mother had Alzheimer’s and had wandered off several times. She was always found in odd places. Just last month, Bill Macintyre, the owner of the local pub, found her sleeping in his station wagon.
“I hope so.” Nicole paused as the sound of a child’s laughter erupted in the background. “Anyway, Abby, I was just calling to see how Hope was doing.”
“What do you mean? You’d know better than I would.”
There was silence on the other line. “Abby, Hope isn’t here. I assumed she was sick and you forgot to call.”
I blinked, staring at the laptop in front of me, the words on the screen warping into a blurry mess. I was sure I had heard wrong. “I’m sorry. What are you saying?”
“Hope never showed up for school.”
All the air in my body whooshed out of me, like a vacuum had latched onto my mouth and started sucking. I stood up abruptly, knocking the chair to the floor with a thud. “Well, where is she?” I yelled, knowing it wasn’t Nicole’s fault, but I was unable to control the volume of my voice. I felt like running around town screaming, “Where’s my baby?” The only reason I refrained from doing exactly that was because I knew panicking wouldn’t help me find her.
“I’m sure she’s fine. Why don’t I call the bus line and see if she fell asleep in her seat.” 
I nodded dumbly to myself since she couldn’t see me, reaching up to hold my locket, which always gave me comfort. “O…kay.” I whispered, unable to speak louder. I was thankful for her idea even if it was unlikely. It was only a ten-minute bus ride to the school and Hope was excited—not tired this morning. However, I couldn’t think coherently so I grabbed onto her suggestion like it was the last piece of bread and I was dying of starvation.
When the phone line went dead, I hung up, pulled my chair back to its previous position, and fell into it, waiting for the shrill sound that would lead to the answer I needed. The silence in the room was unbearable. My breaths were shallow as I stared at the phone. My hand hurt from gripping the device, yet I was afraid to put it down.
When it rang, it broke the silence in the room so abruptly I jumped in my seat. “Hello,” I answered cautiously, afraid of what I was about to hear.
“Abby, I talked to the bus driver and he said that Hope wasn’t at her bus stop, she was never on the bus.”
I was only in the house for a minute. Where could she have run off to?
“Abby, did you hear me?”
Again I nodded, even though she couldn’t see me. Finally after a few strained silent breaths, I found my voice. “But I saw the bus drive away from the house; she had to be on it.”
“Did you see her get on?” she asked.
“No, the phone rang and I ran inside to answer it. I was only in there for a minute.”
“Doesn’t Noah work in the barn next to your house? Maybe she wandered in there to say goodbye.”
I shook my head. “Noah is out of town on a consultation. He left early this morning before Hope woke up. She knows he wouldn’t be there.”
“Oh. Well, I’m sure she’ll turn up. And I’ll have everyone here keep an eye out for her.”
“Okay.” My voice was weak. I didn’t know what to say…or do for that matter. “Thanks. I’ll let you know when I find her.”
“You do that. Goodbye, Abby.”
When the phone went dead, I hung up and rushed outside to the barn, the phone still gripped tightly in my hand. “Hope!” I yelled, pushing the door to Noah’s workshop open, hoping I would see the blue eyes that were so much like her father’s.
My heart sank when I found the room deserted. Noah’s tools and unfinished furniture were the only objects in the room. Where could she be? “Hope!” I screamed, my voice turning shrill with panic. I stood still, staring at the vacant room, feeling lost. The air in the old barn was thick with silence. I strained my ears, forcing them to hear something—anything—that would lead me to my daughter. But there was nothing, just the slow splash of water as the waves hit the shore outside.
Why hadn’t I let the phone ring this morning? Marcy would have left a message. My career was important to me, but not more than my daughter. Nothing was more important than she was. If only I could go back in time a few hours and watch her climb the bus steps, I would know where she was and I wouldn’t be feeling this frantic sense of loss and fear. 
Stepping back outside into the warm sunshine, I pushed the guilt to the back of my mind. Right now I had to focus. Where could she be? No answer came to me. She should have been on that bus, and I knew she would never have wandered off. It was the first day of school, she was so excited. I rushed back to the house, grabbed my cell phone and the keys to my car, and decided to just drive around. No matter how useless the search felt, I had to do something. 
After ten minutes of driving aimlessly, I decided to try her favorite spots. When I pulled into the park at the end of our street, disappointment flooded my heart. The equipment was as deserted as Noah’s workshop. Even though I suspected she wouldn’t be here, I had secretly hoped. Disappointment nearly swallowed me whole. Instead of dwelling, I pulled out and headed to the next spot.
There weren’t many cars outside the pet store. I parked and quickly rushed inside. The bell on the door jingled as I entered. The harsh scent of wet woodchips and animal hair assaulted my senses.
“Hey, Abby, are you going to get Hope that kitten after all?” Lyla asked, stepping away from the lizard cases.
“No…” A ball of fear hard as stone hovered in my chest, making it difficult for me to breathe. “I was wondering if she’s been here this morning.”
Lyla’s face washed with confusion. “Shouldn’t she be in school?”
“I got a call this morning. She’s not there.” 
“Oh my God. You must be frantic.”
I sucked in a breath, fighting the tears that burned in my eyes. I nodded. “So, she hasn’t been here?” I was wasting time, I needed to keep looking. 
She shook her head, regret shining in her concerned eyes.
I forced a smile I didn’t mean. “Okay, thanks. I’m sure I’ll find her.” I said the words but I felt less than sure.
As I stepped out of the store, I spotted Kathy outside of Mabel’s, the diner she worked at. “Kathy!” I yelled, my voice trembling.
When she turned around, she was smiling—until she noticed the worry that no doubt shone from my face like a spotlight. Her grin melted away like ice cream on a hot day. “What’s wrong?” she asked as I rushed toward her.
“Hope didn’t get on the bus this morning. She’s not at school.”
“What do you mean? Weren’t you with her?”
A small ragged sob born from guilt and fear escaped my lips. “I left her in the driveway so I could answer the phone,” I whispered hoarsely. “I was expecting a call.”
Sympathy flashed in Kathy’s eyes when she stepped toward me, reaching out to place her hand on my shoulder. The gesture was meant to comfort. I appreciated the effort, though it was wasted on me. 
“I was only gone a minute and when I went back out, the bus was driving away. I thought she was on it.” The last words were a choked whisper.
“Oh, Abby. I’m sure we’ll find her.” 
Just as her words were out, Mabel stepped out onto the sidewalk, a white stained apron covering her usual running suit. “Kathy, what’s the hold-up?”
Kathy turned away from me and stepped toward her boss. “I have to go,” she told her.
The older woman’s eyes widened with surprise. “Why, what’s wrong?”
Before I could answer, Kathy explained my situation. Mable nodded kindly and told us that she would keep an eye out for Hope as well.
After Mable disappeared back into the restaurant, a strained smile stretched out my lips; it felt so forced, I was sure my lips would crack. “I’ll try Rosa’s.”
“That’s a good idea, where should I look?”
I shrugged, not really sure. This whole situation didn’t make sense. Where could she have gone on foot? “Maybe the Mini-Putt?” My answer was more of a question than an answer. Even though Hope loved when we took her to the miniature golf course, it was a fifteen-minute car ride. She would never be able to walk there. I couldn’t think of anywhere else.
Kathy nodded, pulling her keys out of her pocket. They jingled together as she swung her hand. “Okay, I’ll call you if I find her.”
“Same here,” I said over my shoulder as I headed to my car and she headed to hers. Once inside, I watched her pull away from the street in her silver SUV.
I picked up my cell and started the car, steering the vehicle in the direction of Noah’s great-aunt’s house. She was one of Hope’s favorite people. And who could blame her? She was Sylvia’s sister and they were so much alike. She loved having Hope over. She taught her to make pumpkin pies from scratch with real pumpkins, she let her ride her stationary bike that she herself hadn’t touched in years, and played classical music for Hope on her ancient piano. 
As I hit speed-dial one on my cell, I choked on a sob. I hated what I was about to do. 
“Hello.” His voice soothed me instantly and at the same time, I feared he would hate me. After all, it was my fault.
“Noah.” My voice was barely audible, but I knew he would hear the despair in it. 
“Abby, what’s wrong?”
I opened my mouth, and the words I dreaded to repeat spilled out. When I was done, I realized my face was soaked with salty tears. I hadn’t even realized I was crying.
“I’m on my way home now. I’ll be there in three hours. Don’t worry, Abby, we’ll find her.” There was so much determination in his voice that I believed him. After all, he was my knight in shining armor. He had saved me before; I had no reason to doubt he would do it again.
“Noah,” I whispered before he hung up. “I’m sorry.”
“Abby. We. Will. Find. Her.” His voice was filled with conviction, making me feel confident that it was just a matter of time that his words would come true. We would find her and when we did, there would be a simple explanation to where she had been.
When I hung up, I tossed my cell onto the passenger seat just as I reached Rosa’s place. The small farmhouse was deserted as I pulled into her driveway. After I climbed the porch steps, my knock on the door was met with silence. I turned around and gazed at the wooded area that surrounded her house. “Hope!” I yelled into the trees. “Are you here?” Only the sound of wind rustling through the leaves met my inquiries. 
Giving up, I decided to head home. As I drove, the interior of the car was so thick with hopelessness and dread, I could barely breathe. 

The phone was ringing when I let myself inside our house. “Hello?” I answered, my voice edged with excitement. Was it word that someone had found my baby?
“Hello, Abby.”
My world bottomed out when I recognized the voice. 
“Nick?” I asked, hoping I was wrong.
“Isn’t that sweet, after the years I’ve rotted in prison you still remember the sound of my voice.” I glanced outside, fearful that he was here stalking me. “You know what that means, don’t you?” he asked as I scanned the deck and the woods across the street. I could see nothing from this distance. Yet that fact did nothing to soothe my sudden fear. The trees created plenty of shadows he could hide in.
When I didn’t answer, he went on, “It means that we were meant for each other. Doesn’t matter how many years we’re separated, you will always know me.”
I cringed at his words, loathing and fear adding to the worry I had for Hope. “Of course I know your voice. You were my living nightmare.” I spit the words out, hating the fact that I had to speak to him. I didn’t have time for this. I had to find my little girl. “Why aren’t you in jail?”
He was silent for a moment. I didn’t think he was going to answer…but when he did I wished he hadn’t. “Shouldn’t your question be, ‘Where is my daughter?’”



Acknowledgments

As with all my books, I couldn’t have done it alone. This book in particular was difficult to write and would not have been possible without help from a certain woman that went over the novel many times, giving me insights on what it was like for an abused woman. Having been one herself she knew what she was talking about. I cannot express how thankful I am.
I’d also like to thank Ashley Stoyanoff, author of the Souls Mark series, for her pre-reading and editing.
And to my sister-in-law Kathy for all her help.
I also have to thank my sisters and mother for listening to me vent over how difficult this one was, and not getting annoyed with me. I really appreciate your support.
My husband Brad, and kids, Josh and Megan, for supporting me and understanding that I needed to focus on the book.


 


About the Author


Christina Smith grew up in Kingston Ontario, Canada and after getting married, moved to a small rural town in the country. She lives there with her husband, Brad, two kids, Josh and Megan and their dog, Bailey. Even though the house is peaceful, surrounded by nature and the occasional deer, she’s still a city girl at heart. She misses civilization and visits with her mother and two sisters.

She spends a lot of free time writing and has numerous ideas for future novels for both young adult and adult fiction.

Catch up with Christina for more information about her books on:


Visit Christina’s website http://christinasmithauthor.com/ for more information about her books.
Twitter @CSmithbooks

Facebook- https://www.facebook.com/christina.smith.7161953 or Christina Smith-Author

 

