
FIRE AND ICE

Mary Tribbey

Version 1.2
Copyright by Mary Tribbey 2012
Smashwords Edition
ISBN:  9781301692538

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

Thank you for downloading this free book.  Although it is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author and may not be reproduced, copied or distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes.  If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com where they can also discover other works by this author.  Thank you for your support and for respecting the hard work of this author.

TABLE OF CONTENTS
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
About the Author
Author’s Note


FIRE AND ICE

Chapter 1
Dani’s heels clicked out a sharp staccato rhythm as she hurried down the long corridor leading to her office in the Public Relations Department of the International Data Systems Building.  She glanced nervously at her watch, shaking her head and muttering under her breath. 
“Of all the days to be late!" she scolded herself.  "Why did I have to oversleep on the first day that the ‘wonder boy’ is here to check up on us?  This is not the way to make a good impression on the company’s hatchet man, and it is only just beginning," she fumed with an angry scowl crossing her usually smiling face.
As Dani opened the door to her office, Janet looked up at her with a welcoming grin.  "I was beginning to wonder if you were going to come to work today.  I can't remember you ever being late before."
"Oh," Dani sighed, as she sank down in the chair behind her desk.  "Janet, you wouldn't believe how many things have gone wrong already today!  First, my alarm clock didn't go off.  Then there was a traffic jam between my apartment and the parking area for the BART station. When I finally found a parking place, I rushed in and discovered I didn't have my pass with me or the correct change.  By the time I did get onto the train, all the seats were taken.  Next, as I was getting off, I snagged my nylons and have an ugly run.  On top of all that, now I have to go to Mr. Wilson's office and meet the outsider who is going to tell us what we've been doing wrong.  This is definitely not going to be a day I'd like to live over again!"
Janet shook her head in sympathy.  "Well, you have had quite a start today, but I'm sure things will get better."
"Not from what I've heard about this Tom Kirkpatrick.  Do you remember Jenny Martin, the girl in the typing pool in Quality Control?  She used to work with me in Personnel when I first came on as a clerk typist.  Well, he just finished analyzing her department, and she had some very unpleasant comments to make about him and his ‘recommendations.’  Some of the people in her department were demoted, and a few others even quit.  She also said he was a stuck up, opinionated, male chauvinist who was terribly impressed by his own good looks and importance.  I know this is going to be a real pain having to work with someone like that!"  Dani frowned as the words tumbled out helter-skelter in her nervousness.
"Just remember, Dani, not everyone sees things the same way.  Why don't you just hold off and make up your own mind?  He may not be as bad as you've heard, in fact," Janet added with a short laugh, "I don't see how he could be that awful."
“Well, where there's smoke, there's usually a fire.   Has Mr. Wilson called for me to come up yet?  I want to go change my stockings before I have to go meet them,” Dani said, grabbing a package of nylons from her desk drawer and hurrying down the hall to the ladies room.
Dani quickly put on the stockings.  Then she eyed herself appraisingly in the mirror.  She touched up her makeup, and ran a comb through her hair, feathering it back away from her face.  Her hair, a soft honey blonde color, hung to barely touch the soft pale blue collar of her silk blouse.  A simple wrap-around skirt in a deeper shade of blue completed her outfit.  Around her neck, she wore a serpentine chain with a small gold ring hanging on it. Dani fingered it lovingly as she studied herself in the mirror.  "Well, Mom," she sighed, "I hope your engagement ring still brings me luck.  Of all the things you gave me, this means the most, because it meant so much to you."  Touching the ring brought a bittersweet comfort to Dani.  Although it reminded her of her mother’s slow lingering death from the rare blood disease last year, it made her feel that her mother was still nearby.
Shaking her head Dani pulled herself out of her reverie.  Doing a quick pirouette,  Dani smiled,  "At least, I look like a self-confident efficient businesswoman I don't know why meeting this man has got me so nervous, but I better get back and get it over with," she mumbled with a nervous laugh.
The phone was ringing as Dani returned to her desk.  "Hello!  This is Dani Porter.. How can I help you?”
Mr. Wilson’s friendly voice boomed over the phone.  "Dani, would you come up to my office? I've just been going over the Public Relations Department structure with Mr. Kirkpatrick. I think it's about time you added your input.  He already has some ideas on ways that may improve the quality of our publicity, but I want the two of you to work very closely on this.  You know more than anyone else in his whole company about how things really work down there, and I don't mind saying that with him sitting here.  I'm really proud of you and the job you've done for us. Come on up and let me introduce you to Tom."
"I'll be right up," Dani said, blushing at his words of praise, "and thanks for the kind words.” Straightening her shoulders, Dani walked quickly up to Mr. Wilson's office in the Personnel Department
"Go right in, Dani," Mr. Wilson's secretary said as she walked into the outer office. As Dani pushed the door open, she heard Mr. Wilson's voice speaking earnestly to someone in his office. "I know you will enjoy working with Dani. If there's anything you ever need to know, Dani is the one who will know the answer or find it out for you. I trust Dani implicitly."
As the door opened, Mr. Wilson looked up, smiling warmly at her appearance. "Here's Dani now.  Come in,” he said with a broad smile. "Dani, I'd like you to meet Tom Kirkpatrick. Tom, this is Dani Porter, our prettiest department manager and a truly beautiful person."
Dani felt her face beginning to turn a deep shade of red, and she looked down quickly trying to regain her composure. When she looked up, she found herself staring into the deepest brown eyes she had ever seen. They were moving slowly down her body and she felt as if they were looking not really at her, but straight through her. A  faint smile, nearly hidden by a small well-trimmed mustache, spread slowly over his face. His eyes twinkled with amusement, as if he knew some delightful secret that he was not willing to share with the rest of the world. He chuckled and turned aside.
"Why is that egotistical man laughing at me?" Dani thought indignantly.  "Who does he think he is? 
“Is there something amusing that I don't happen to know, Mr. Kirkpatrick? I'm not used to being laughed at,” she added softly, ice dripping from her words
"I'm sorry, Miss. Porter. I certainly didn't mean anything disrespectful.  You just aren't what I was expecting to see. It is Miss. Porter, isn't it?” he asked.
"Yes, it is Miss. Porter.  Do you think the only ones who should be given department heads must be older or more masculine?” she inquired defensively
"On the contrary, I am delighted to see someone as beautiful and as obviously feminine as you will be the one I am going to work with. I'm sure that will make my job much more enjoyable, but you really did take me by surprise From the way, Mr. Williams has been bragging about Dani Porter I was expecting to see some big burly hulk of a man.  From all he says you do, I thought you would be a cross between Superman and Einstein.  I had no idea Dani was a woman, but just one look at you assures me that you are definitely a woman," he added with a frankly appreciative sweep of her face and body.
In spite of the friendly tone of his answer, Dani stared at him angrily. 
Mr. Wilson interrupted them with a laugh. "I'll bet that did catch you off guard. I've known Dani for so many years, I sometimes forget her real name is Danielle. Let's just start over.  This is Miss Danielle Porter, but all of us here called her Dani."  Mr. Wilson looked at Dani puzzled by her serious expression.  "Dani, this project Tom is working on is very important to both of us, or so the big brass have told me. I want you to help him in every way that you can. I’m really counting on you to help us get the most out of his special expertise. As a personal favor to me, Dani, would you take care of showing Tom around? He's seen the operation on paper, but I'm sure you can help him get acquainted with the way it actually works."
“Of course, George, if you want, I'll take care of introducing Mr. Kirkpatrick to the others," Dani agreed abruptly.
"Well, I had more than just introducing him to the others in mind. I know you've been working on the special publicity in connection with the Olympics. I think Tom may be able to add some creative ideas.  You know the old saying  ‘Two heads are better than one.’"
“Whatever you say," Dani added with a hesitant smile.
"Tom, I know you have plans for lunch, but why don't the two of you get started as soon as you get back. I'd like a copy of your report on the Quality Control Department to take to the board meeting this afternoon. Would you find an extra copy for me?” Mr. Wilson asked as he walked him to the door.
"Sure. It's no trouble at all. I left one on my old desk. I’ll go and get it for you right now.”
As Tom walked out, Mr. Wilson called Dani back into his office. "Is something bothering you, Dani? You were so abrupt with him.  That isn't at all like you."
Dani's face colored guiltily as she realized how obvious she had been in showing her dislike for her new co-worker. "I'm sorry, George I didn't mean to start things so badly, but absolutely nothing has gone right for me today.  Of course, I’ll do what you ask, but there's something about him that I don't like. I don't know what it is, but I won't let my personal feelings get in the way of my job.”
"I know that, Dani.  Give him a chance. I really have to admire the dedication of that young man. From what I've heard about him, he has had to work very hard to pay his way through graduate school.  Now he's going back to finish getting his doctor's degree in Business Administration.  This project is doubly import to him. It is the basis of his doctoral thesis, and if our company is pleased with his reports and recommendations, the Board may help pay the expenses of his last semester of school.  You've always had to work hard to earn your own way. I'm sure you can appreciate that every penny and every minute of time is precious to him.  Working and trying to complete all of his graduate courses and his thesis must take a really special kind of person. I hope you will do whatever you can to make things go smoothly for him." 
"I didn't know that about him," Dani admitted guiltily. "It still doesn't explain my feelings, but you can count on my cooperation. I would never do anything to hurt anyone's work."
"I know that, Dani.  Just give the guy a chance. You really don't know anything about him."
"Okay," Dani said aloud as she walked out of Mr. Wilson's office.  She muttered under her breath, "I don't know anything about you now Tom Kirkpatrick, and I intend to keep it that way!"
Dani was just finishing the last few bites of a ham sandwich at her desk when Tom walked into the Public Relations Office. She nearly choked on the last piece and tried to gulp it down with the remains of a cup of nearly cold coffee.  Struggling to keep from spitting it out, she swallowed quickly, grimaced, and looked away.
Janet turned towards the door and greeted him with a pleasant smile. "Welcome to International Data Systems.  How can I help you today?" She asked politely.
Tom glanced over at Dani in time to see an unpleasant look cross her face just before she quickly turned away. Tom reached out his hand and smiled broadly at Janet. "You've already done plenty for me today by just welcoming me so warmly.  My name's Tom Kirkpatrick, and I'm going to be working in this office for a while. I'm really glad to see a friendly face,” he added, his eyebrows lifting quizzically towards Dani's direction.
Janet's eyes caught the faint bewildered amusement in his expression and chuckled.  She shook her slightly graying hair and brushed a stray wisp back away from her round face. Her face was still smooth and relatively wrinkle free.  No one who first met her ever suspected that she was old enough to have three grandchildren, although it was true.  Her rich laughter filled the stillness. "I've heard lots about you, Tom. I hope you enjoy your stay with us. We have a nice department here and are looking forward to working with you."
Looking over towards Dani's desk, Tom smiled again. "I'll bet you have heard lots about me. Thanks for your kind welcome. In spite of what you may have already heard, I'm really a nice person with not too many warts or deep, dark secrets."
Dani kept her head down and pretended to be studying the stack of papers in the folder in front of her, but she was annoyed to realize she was beginning to blush at his pointed teasing.  She clenched her fists tight in her lap and bit her tongue to keep from shouting at Janet.  Dani gathered up the papers from her lunch and tossed them in the wastebasket beside her desk. Slowly she straightened the papers and closed the folder before acknowledging Tom's presence.  When she looked up, she noticed with dismay that his eyes were twinkling, and a tiny smile played across his mouth.  She blushed as she realized he had not been fooled at all by her pretense.
"You are very punctual," she finally said.  "I didn't expect you to be back from lunch so soon.”
"I'm too busy to waste much time on long lunches or anything else.  There’s a lot for me to do and not enough hours in the day to get it all finished.  I usually just grab something quick to eat at work. It looks like you eat at your desk, too.  See, we do have something in common.  I know it's not much, but, at least, it is a beginning," he said with a slow smile.
"I'm glad you don't want to waste time. That's fine with me. Let’s get right down to the facts and figures of this department. I wouldn't want you to be delayed any longer than absolutely necessary working here with us. I'm sure there are other more important departments that need your attention more than this one,” she answered tersely.
"I assure you, Miss Porter, any department I work on is important. This section may prove to be a most challenging one. I'm sure it will be the most interesting from what I've already seen and heard.  Only time will tell what I will discover here," he answered with a slow grin.
Janet watched the two sparring with words and chuckled again. Dani and Tom looked over at her and laughed with her as they realized how foolish they both must have sounded.
"How about calling a truce? Maybe we could just start over. I didn't mean to upset you earlier,” Tom said, extending his hand.
"Of course, you are right. Forgive my defensive attitude. This has been an awful day so far, but I shouldn't have taken it out on you. I can still remember how awkward first days at work can be.   Welcome aboard. I'm glad Janet, at least, had enough intelligence to keep her sense of humor. Truce accepted," Dani agreed, reaching out to shake his hand.
Dani felt a sudden warmth and tingle as his hand closed around hers. He gripped her hand tight and held it firmly trapped in his, smiling down at her upturned face. As Dani glanced away from his deep brown eyes, she slowly pulled her hand away from his. Her knees suddenly felt rubbery, and she sank back into her chair. Tom sat down across the desk from her. With the desk is a barrier between them, Dani began to regain some of her normal composure.
She spread out the departmental structure sheets on the desk. Looking at them, she pointed out what she thought were the key areas of importance. He listened silently, not interrupting her presentation. When she was finished, he asked a few questions about how she intended to reach the goals she had listed. Dani noticed as she answered that he was jotting notes down in a small black notebook. When he observed her hesitation and slightly raised eyebrows, he shook his head and smiled. "It isn’t anything sinister. I'm just making a few notes of key points. I find it helpful to me later to organize my thoughts and ideas on paper.  I like the way you have things set up. It seems like it is a well-planned operation, but I want to earn my keep. I'm supposed to come up with suggestions on how to improve the company. I have some theoretical ideas about public relations, but I want to see how you run your department in the real practical world before making any suggestions.  Please carry on as you normally would.  Don't let my being around bother you or interfere with the way you run your department.   I assure you, you have nothing to worry about from me. I do have the company's best interests at heart," he added confidently
"I wasn't really worried, just puzzled to see you taking so many notes. Have I made that many mistakes already?” she asked stiffly.
Before he had a chance to answer, the telephone on her desk rang.  Dani picked it up on the third ring.  Dani listened to the excited voice coming over the telephone line. Shaking her head and blushing with embarrassment, Dani interrupted the voice as he paused for breath. "Paul, that sounds wonderful! You know how much I've wanted to see that musical, but my Wednesdays are all tied up. I can’t really get out of them, even if I wanted to. Sure, Friday would be fine thanks, Paul.  Of course, I remember what this weekend is.  You are so thoughtful and kind to remember me and it,” she said quietly, gently fingering the ring on her chain, slowly turning it absently as she spoke while a wistful look flashed across her face.  “I’m sorry, Paul, but I can’t talk anymore right now.  I have someone here with me.  Give me a call later at home, and we’ll work out the time and place. Maybe you could come early for a special dinner.  Thanks again.” She said as she hung up the phone.
While Dani was talking on the phone, Tom studied her face.  His eyes lingered on her red mouth before moving up to drink in the beauty of her green eyes.  He noticed for a moment that it looked like her eyes were filling with tears.  She blinked rapidly just before she said goodbye.  When she looked up after  hanging up the phone, her eyes were still moist.
“Sorry for the interruption, Mr. Kirkpatrick,” she said with a mumbled apology.  “I’m not in the habit of holding personal phone conversations on company time,” she added defensively.
“I realize that.  My name is Tom.  Mr. Kirkpatrick is my father.  What you’ve told me so far, Dani, has given me lots to think about.  I do have quite a few questions.  I wonder if you would consider having dinner with me tonight and discuss them with me,” Tom asked quickly.
“No,” Dani stammered, “I’m sorry, but I think it would be better if we confined our contact to work time.  I don’t have much free time, and most of it is already committed.”
“No problem.  I just thought it would be a good chance to get better acquainted, but I can wait, at least, for a while,” he answered slowly, his eyes moving silently down to her mouth.
“Excuse me,” she mumbled hurriedly before leaving.  “Feel free to look over anything in our files.  I just remembered something that I need to do.”
“Did I say or do something wrong?” Tom asked Janet after Dani hurried out of the office.
Janet smiled and shook her head.  “Not that I heard.  Dani has a lot on her mind right now.  It was about this time last year that her mother died.  She was sick for a long time, and Dani and Gabby were very close. Sometimes something will happen that reminds her of Gabby, and you can almost see the deep pain in her eyes again.  Just give her a few minutes to pull herself back together.  She is a warm, sensitive person, and a darned good worker, too.  Don’t get the idea that she is too emotional or too young to be in charge of this department.  She’s done a better job than either of the last two Public Relations Directors.  I’ve worked for lots of people, but Dani is tops with me.  She started at the bottom in the typing pool,  and worked her way to where she is now,” Janet added loyally.  “Please, don’t let her know I’ve told you anything about her personal life.  She is a very private person.  Give her time and space.  If she is your friend, Dani will do anything in her power to help you.  That’s just the kind of person that she is, but she doesn’t let many people get too close.  I’ve known her for many years, but I still don’t know a lot about her life away from work.”
“Thanks for the information, Janet.  You don’t have to worry.  I won’t do anything to hurt her or betray your confidence.  I can see the sadness in her eyes.  I hope she will let me be her friend.  I don’t understand why she reacts to me the way she does, but I’ll try not to press her too much,” Tom said.  “I really admire her.  She’s got brains, beauty, and a loyal fellow worker. George Wilson raves about her, too.  That says a lot for her right there.”
When Dani returned to her desk, Tom looked up and smiled.  Dani sat down quietly at her desk.  Tom handed her a piece of paper with a few quick notations on it.  She read it quickly and looked up with a smile.  “You are very observant,” she added softly.  “I had thought some time ago about making a change in our standard release form and policy, but I wasn’t sure just how to word it.  Your suggestion is very good.  If the rest of your ideas are as astute and practical as this, I’m sure the big brass will be very well pleased with your reports.”
“I hope you will also be as pleased with my reports while I’m working with you, Dani.  I think we could make a good team.  I really like the way you have things organized.”
“Let me show you the big publicity project we’ve been working on for several weeks now.  I’d like your opinion on the best way to handle the Olympic Spirit Campaign.  I think it would be a marvelous way for our company to get favorable publicity and help our country’s athletes at the same time.  Why don’t you take this folder and study it over?  I’d really like to see this company do this, but I don’t know if the company would get their money’s worth compared to other possible projects,” Dani said.
“Would you mind if I took this home with me tonight?  I’d be careful with it.  I do a lot of my most creative thinking late at night.  If that’s all right, we could talk it over tomorrow,” he suggested.
“Sure, Tom.  That’s just my rough notes, but you don’t really have to work on it after hours.”
“I understand that, but it looks very interesting,” he added.  “Are you sure you won’t join me for a quick dinner?”
“No, thanks anyway,” she mumbled.  “I have a lot to do at home tonight.  See you tomorrow.  Janet, I have an early meeting with Mr. Wilson tomorrow.  I’ll be at my desk before 9 tomorrow. See you then.”  Dani gathered up her things and hurried out of the office.  Tom and Janet walked out a few minutes later.
Chapter 2
Dani was panting from the exertion of practicing her newest dance routine.  Being a perfectionist when it came to her dancing had helped Dani become the graceful an accomplished dancer that she was, but it drove her to long hours of practice before her night school students arrived at the college gymnasium.  To prepare for each class, she worked out a complete dance routine, although she only taught her students selected parts.  During the course of the semester, she led them from simple movements to the more complex steps.  From time to time she would demonstrate how the separate steps could be woven together into a complete routine.  At home she continued practicing into the late-night hours, turning and spinning and leaping, until she sank wearily into an exhausted sleep.  Dancing filled her time and left her too physically tired to dwell on the loneliness of her life since Gabby's death.   
It was nearly 10:00 pm and Dani was still working on the routine for her night school class, when she heard the phone ringing. She quickly ran over to the table and picked up the receiver.  “Hello,” she gasped.
"Dani?"  a deep male voice answered.
"Yes, who is this?"  she asked.
"This is Tom Kirkpatrick.  I hope I didn't disturb you,” he added quickly.
"You?  How did you get my phone number?"  She asked, suddenly tense.
"It was in the Personnel Department files.  I hope you don't mind my calling you at home so late," he added softly.
"What do you want?"  she asked coldly.  "I don't give my number out to anyone.  I have an unlisted number to safeguard my privacy.  I thought I made it clear that we were to confine our contact to work hours."
"I'm sorry to have bothered you, but I was so impressed by your Olympic Spirit Campaign.  I wanted to pass on an idea that just came to me.  I'm afraid I interrupted you when you were busy.  I'll talk to you when you don't have company.  I apologize for disturbing you at home.  I didn't mean to do anything that would upset you.  I'm sorry.  Good night Dani," he added hesitantly.
“Wait, Tom, I'm sorry.  I was terribly rude to you right now.  I was just so surprised to hear your voice.  I've had some trouble with annoying late-night phone calls.  I guess I'm just very touchy about calls at night. I'm not really that busy; at least, I'm not doing anything special right now.  I was just getting ready to go to bed.  I'm out of breath, but I'm completely alone.  What ideas did you have that couldn't wait until we are at the office tomorrow morning?"  she asked with a laugh.
"Did you mean about the Olympic Spirit Campaign?"  he asked with a dry chuckle.  "I have lots of ideas.  Some of them are even about work, but I will hold them all until tomorrow.  I'll let you get to sleep now and tell you first thing in the morning when we are both rested.  Good night, Dani. Sleep well," his deep voice seeped through the phone lines and caressed her ear as she heard the deep, throaty sound of his voice whispering her name, as a shiver swept over her.
"Good night, Tom," she stammered.  She stared at the phone when it began buzzing shrilly against her ear, wishing irrationally that his voice was still whispering her name and making her heart beat faster than even her dance practice had done.  Feeling a vague sense of emptiness, she turned off the lights and went to bed.  Tossing and turning fitfully, she remembered the warmth of his hand when he shook her hand in Mr. Wilson’s office and the deep caressing sound of his voice on the phone.
"Silly fool," she scolded herself.  "Why are you losing sleep over some man you've just met?  You're too old to be acting like a lovesick teenager!  Don't let this guy get to you.  He's a smooth talking charmer.  Remember, he's out to prove himself, probably at your expense.  Don't get involved," she warned her confused heart, but the memory of his deep brown eyes and full sensuous lips kept creeping into her dreams.  
Dani arrived at her desk the next morning thirty minutes before she was scheduled to be there.  Being the first to come in and the last to leave at night was nothing unusual for Dani. She often did her best work in the quiet stillness of the deserted office.  As she opened her office door, she was startled to see the lights were already turned on.  Glancing quickly around, she noticed Tom seated at his desk near the window.  His head was bent down, and he was writing on a stack of papers.  He looked up when he heard the door open. Dani gasped in surprise and clutched at her throat.
"You gave me quite a start," she explained quickly.  "I didn't think anyone else would be here this early." 
“It seems I'm always apologizing for something, but I'm sorry if I startled you.  I'm surprised to see you here this early, too, but I had trouble sleeping last night. I decided to come in early and get to work. This Olympic Spirit Campaign project looks so exciting.  I couldn't wait to get started on it.  Come on over and have a cup of coffee.  I hope was all right for me to make some. I was just getting my ideas organized, but I'd love to take a break," he said with a welcoming smile.
"Thanks," Dani said, "a cup of coffee sounds great.  I'm sorry about being so abrupt with you last night. I've been nervous and distracted lately and not at all pleasant to you.  Time for another truce?" she asked with a question in her voice.
"That’s fine with me.  Sparring with you is interesting, but I think getting along would be much more fun,” he added softly.
While Dani put her purse and sweater away, Tom poured her a cup of coffee and carried it over to her desk. He quickly retrieved his papers and returned to join her.  Spreading the papers he had been working on out in front of her, he watched as she sipped the coffee and thumbed through his notes.  She shook her head in silent agreement as an easy smile played across her lips. Tom watched in fascination as a whole range of thoughts and feelings washed over her face.  His eyes drifted down from her face to take the sight of the soft swell of her breasts under the gently clinging silk shirtwaist dress.  It's soft peach color brought out the warm glow of her healthy complexion and made her eyes appear even greener and larger than ever.  The dress buttoned up the front, and he could imagine the soft flesh concealed beneath the material.  Tom shook his mind away from those thoughts and brought his attention back to business as Dani looked up at him with a pleased smile.
"You've really captured the spirit of the idea I was trying to get across in this campaign.  I am really impressed!  It almost seems like we spent hours discussing this. Do you really think it's a practical plan?  I am so attached to the idea, it's hard for me to be objective about it," she admitted quietly.
"I think this is a stroke of genius!  It is the perfect image for this company to support.  Putting in quality effort results in a quality performance—or in a quality product.   We can do something worthwhile and still get public recognition.  That is quite a combination you’ve come up with, Dani.  I realize you have as much intelligence as you have beauty.  That's hard to do," he added, "because you are a remarkably beautiful woman."
Dani blushed at his words of praise and stammered her thanks.  Tom leaned towards her.  His shoulder brushed against her arm as he reached across to point out the schedule of events he had started laying out before she had arrived.  It was all Dani could do to keep her eyes focused on the neat printing on the papers in front of her.  She had never been so acutely aware of anyone's physical presence.  Her skin tingled where his arm had barely brushed against hers.  Although she knew that it was not physically possible, she felt the warmth of his body next to hers.  Her hand was trembling as she reached out to touch the schedule.
Tom noticed her tremor and gently took her hand in his.  "Are you all right?"  He asked softly, concern seeping through his words.  He held her hand in his and felt a shiver run through his body at the warm contact.
Dani looked up with a tiny smile.  "I didn't sleep very well last  night, either, but I’m fine.  Please don't worry about me.  I'm all right," she whispered.
Dani felt herself being drawn into the depths of his warm brown eyes and was aware that his face was moving closer to hers.  She waited breathlessly for the kiss to come, but jumped when she heard the office door opening.  They dropped hands and moved back guiltily, as they both realized how close to kissing they had come. 
Dani chided herself sternly. "Remember, you are in the office.  This man has a strange, exciting power over your senses.  You are going to have to guard all your words and actions.  You don't want to get involved with him.  He's only going to be here for a short time.  He is on his way to the top, and will probably use your work and  ideas  to his advantage to get there.  Don't let him take advantage of your inexperience with men," she scolded herself silently.
Janet smiled at them as she walked into the room.  "Looks like you two early birds have already started working.  Hope I didn't interrupt anything important,” she said with a smile.
"Tom was just showing me his ideas on the Olympic Spirit Campaign.  He has some excellent ideas,” she added grudgingly.  "That's all we were doing," she added defensively.
"Of course, Dani, That's all I meant-work," Janet added quickly.
Tom just smiled at the two women and walked to the coffee pot.  Returning with a cup of coffee for Janet, he began showing her his ideas with casual ease, drawing both of them into his confident appraisal of the way it could be accomplished.
By the time the rest of the office staff arrived, the three of them were chatting animatedly about the campaign.  They worked easily together for the remainder the morning.  Dani felt a stab of disappointment when Tom rose to leave just before lunchtime.
"I won't be back this afternoon," he explained.  "I have some business to take care of before I go to class tonight.  If I come up with anymore ideas, I'll remember to save them for tomorrow morning.  I want to apologize again for intruding on your privacy last night.  It won't happen again."
"Please, Tom, forget my rudeness last night.  You really didn't interrupt me," she murmured
"Would it be all right for me to call, if I have a special idea?"  he asked with a quick wink.
"About work?"  She asked with a soft laugh.
"What else?"  He chuckled at her blush.  "Good night, Dani.  I hope you sleep better tonight."
"What was that all about?"  Janet asked with open curiosity after Tom left.
"Nothing, really.  He called me at home last night, and I wasn't very pleasant to him.  I don't understand how he can get to me so much.  No one else has ever made me feel so flustered. I still don't know what to think about him!"  Dani sighed.
"Well, I do.  I really like him.  You should try to get to know him better. A man with his intelligence, charm and good looks doesn't come along very often.  Believe me, I've been around long enough to know a good thing when I see one."  Janet added.
"That may be true, but I don't need anyone else in my life.  Things are complicated enough for me the way they are right now!  I still have at least three more years of payments to pay off my mom's medical bills.  I have a responsible job here that I really like.  I have my dancing.  I have my friendship with Paul.  I don't need any more complications,” Dani said with a shake of her head.
"Dani, I'm not really sure if you know what you really want or need.  Just don't wait too long to figure it out.  Remember, Tom is a remarkable man,” Janet added.  "If I were 25 years younger, I'd be pretty interested in him, too."
"What do you mean ‘too’?"  She asked too quickly.  "I'm not interested in him.  He is too sure of himself. I don't know what he would want was someone like me.  If I weren't the head of this department, he wouldn't give me a second glance.  Now, he needs my help, and I think he really does like the Olympic Spirit Campaign. I’m guessing he plans to use that idea in his plan to get to the top.  I think he is very ambitious, and I don't think I trust him any farther than I can throw him."
Dani turned her attention back to the papers on her desk.  Although she could force her eyes to look down at the writing, she was not able to turn off her memories of his closeness. She shook herself mentally when she realized she was wishing Janet had not come in and interrupted his kiss.  At quitting time, she straightened her desk and headed home.  Although she stayed home all night, the phone did not ring until late that night.
Dani dashed to answer it.  She sank down in disappointment when she recognized Paul's voice.  She felt annoyed at her lack of loyalty towards her good friend. All through the long months when Gabby had been so ill, Paul had been her closest friend. After Gabby was hospitalized, it was Paul who had sat with her during the long hours of waiting at the hospital. His tenderness and compassion had helped her continue until Gabby's death. Dani sighed again.  The doctors had tried everything, but nothing was found that could stop Gabby’s slow, agonizing deterioration from the rare blood disease that finally killed her.  Paul was really someone very special. Dani knew that he felt more than just friendship for her, but she had been honest with him from the start.  She did not love him that way.  That magic, special feeling just did not exist in her heart for him.  She loved him, but only as a friend.  Paul understood, although she knew, in spite of all she had said to him, he still hoped that, in time, she would come to love him.
Dani forced her mind back to the present time.  She would never do anything to hurt Paul, because he had been too special to her, and he deserved more than she could give him.  With guilty feelings, she forced her voice to sound cheerful. Paul had managed to get tickets for the following Saturday night to see the touring company production of a revival of ‘A Chorus Line.’  The thought of seeing the dance numbers and hearing the music that she loved so much filled her with excitement.  "If only I were going with Tom," she thought sadly, before shaking herself away from those thoughts of him.
After hanging up the telephone, Dani realized she'd been sitting home hoping that Tom would call her.  She stomped off to bed angry with herself for feeling disappointed that he failed to call her.  After tossing for a while, sleep finally came, but so did vague dreams filled with warm brown eyes.
Chapter 3
Dani was especially careful not to be alone with Tom again.  She was determined that she was not going to let him get any deeper into her thoughts and dreams.  In spite of her promises to herself, she found herself tingling when he spoke her name. A feeling of warmth filled her when he walked nearby. The sight of him made her feel a surge of anticipation. She fought the feelings, but they crept back and overpowered her whenever she let her guard down.
Often at work, she would glance over at him and was startled to notice he was looking at her.  There was a strange look in his deep brown eyes, but she couldn't figure out what it meant.  She knew he was affected by her presence, but she didn't know what he was feeling.  When she walked around the office, she could almost feel his eyes following her every movement. She didn't know whether to slap him or hug him.  Dani felt more confused by his presence than she had ever felt before.  Even worse, though, was a feeling of emptiness when he was not around.  "What a fool I've become," she moaned inwardly.  "Where will this all lead?"
A few days later, Dani was trying to finish a report on the department’s budget estimates when she realized the information she needed had been moved from the active file cabinet by mistake.  Dani shook her head in annoyance when she realized the papers she needed had been packed away with the finished files in the storage room.  "Oh, well, I better go find them.  Without those figures I can't possibly finish this report."
She walked down the long hallway to the small, dark storage room near the freight elevator.  She left the storage room door partially open to let some extra light inside. Looking around, she spotted the familiar file folder up on the top shelf.  She stretched as high as she could, but it stayed elusively just beyond her reach.  Looking around, Dani rolled an unused secretary’s chair over to the wall shelf unit.  Carefully she climbed up on the chair, holding onto the shelf to keep the chair from rolling out from under her.  Even from the seat  of the chair, she had to stretch as far as she could to reach it.  When she finally managed to grab the folder, she heard the door creak noisily, and a beam of light darted into the darkness towards her.  She readjusted her weight and cried out in alarm as she felt the chair sliding out from beneath her.  She grabbed frantically for something to break her fall, but began tumbling backwards towards the door.
Just as she was bracing yourself for contact with the floor, she felt two strong hands catching her and turning her towards the light.  Looking down, she saw Tom's face silhouetted against the brightness of the hallway.  He slowly slid her down against his body.  When her face was even with his, he leaned forward and gently covered her mouth with his lips, shutting off her words.  As he lowered her the rest of the way down to the floor his arms slid around her.  Her hands rested against his chest, and she felt the strength of his muscles through his shirt and jacket.  Slowly he released her mouth with a moan.  He pulled her tightly against him and captured her mouth again.  With a fierce insistence, his tongue teased her lips apart and, as his kiss deepened, her hands slid up around his neck.  Her fingers twined in the hair at the base of his strong neck.  His hands moved eagerly down her back, pressing her firmly against his body. Just as all control was draining away from her, Dani realized what was happening.  Almost frantically, she began pushing against him, Tom, shaken by the depth of the desire flowing through him, relaxed his embrace and looked down at her flushed face.  Dani looked up at him, her breath coming in gasps.
"Why did you do that?" she gasped.
"Dani," he sighed, "I’ve wanted to do that for a long time.  Do you have any idea how beautiful, how desirable you are, Dani?" he whispered softly against her forehead.
Dani struggled and twisted away. She darted past him into the brightness of the hallway and ran into the ladies room.  She splashed cold water on her face and struggled to bring her wildly beating heart into control.  It was several minutes before Dani had the composure to return to her office. Tom was seated at his desk when she entered. He looked flustered and glanced back down at his work.  They worked in silence for the remainder of the day. Just before quitting time, Tom walked over to her desk.
Janet had gone to the copy machine down the hall.  "Dani, I think we need to talk.  Have dinner with me tonight,” Tom said.
"We have nothing to talk about," Dani stammered. "That was a mistake.  It shouldn't have happened, besides I have other plans tonight.”
"What about tomorrow?  Or Friday?  Or any night next week?"  he pressed.
"I'm sorry, but I'll be busy then, too.  Please, Tom," she begged, "just leave me alone.  I like working with you.  That’s all.  Don't destroy the friendship we were beginning to have."
"Dani, don't you realize there is more between us than just business.  I don't understand it, but something magic happens when we are together.  I know you felt it, too.  Don't shut me out of your life before we can find out what it all means," Tom argued.
"No," she moaned.  "There's no room in my life for you, not now, not ever."  Dani grabbed her purse and satchel and rushed out, nearly knocking Janet down as she brushed past her.
"What was that all about?"  Janet asked, noticing the angry expression on Tom's face.
"I'm not sure, but I intend to find out," he said with a determined expression.  "How long have you known Dani?"  Tom asked a few minutes later "I can't figure her out at all.  I've never been what you'd call a ladies man, but I've never had anyone react to me the way she does either.  Sometimes she acts so cold, even downright unfriendly, towards me.  Janet, is there someone special in her life that she seeing now?  Is that why she would even have dinner with me?"
Janet laughed sympathetically.  "I'll bet this is the first time in ages that your smile and charm hasn't dazzled the lady of your choice!  As far as your question, I'm not really sure I know the answer.  She's gone out with Paul Davis in our accounting department off and on for the last couple of years.  I don't know how serious they are.  I don't really think they're ‘going  together’.  I never heard her mention anyone else, but Dani certainly does guard your privacy. If you really want to find out, maybe you should just ask her.  I don’t think it would be right for me to say anything else about Dani.  I don’t want to get caught in the middle between you two, but, to tell you the truth, I’m pulling for you.  I really like both of you, and I do think you’d like each other if you’d stop sparring long enough to admit it,” Janet added.
“Thanks, Janet.  I’ve never met anyone like Dani before. She has really knocked me for a loop.  I’m probably crazy to admit this, especially to a woman, but I don't really trust women, especially pretty women.  But there is something that seems so good, so right, about Dani.  I don't know what to think or believe about her.  In a way, she terrifies me, but I can't seem to stop thinking about her." 
"Sounds like you've had a bad experience with a woman to make you so distrustful.  All women are not the same.  There are good and bad women.  If I know anything about people, Dani is definitely one of the good ones," Janet added quickly.
"Of course, I realize not all women are dishonest and scheming, but I saw someone I loved destroyed, almost literally, by a scheming, money, and power-hungry woman.  I don't know if I will ever be able to totally trust any woman because of that.  Dani seems too perfect to be real.  Before I could love her, or any woman, I’d have to be positive about her true nature," Tom added warily.
"How can you ever be sure about anything when it comes to people?” she asked.  "Sometimes people change their minds or put on acts."
"When the time comes, I'll figure out a way. I know for certain I won't be able to give my heart to any woman unless I have total trust in her honesty and love for me as a person.  That may be the wrong way to think, but it's how I feel.  I may never find what I'm really looking for, but I'd rather be alone forever than get into the same kind of hell that my father went through.  A woman who schemes, lies, cheats, and plays around is worse than a murderer.  I may never be able to get serious with anyone.  It may just be too risky," he said with a sad shrug.
Janet smiled and put her hand on his arm.  "Don't become too cynical, Tom. Some people, including women, are honest and loving. Someday you will find the right one, and then you'll know she is the one for you.  After you find her, nothing else will matter. All your fears will melt away in your love for her.  Until then, only time will tell." 
Chapter 4
During the week after the kiss in the storeroom that had stirred them both so deeply, Tom and Dani were unusually quiet and reserved.  Both seemed determined to keep things on a clearly defined business level.  Tom often stole glances at Dani when she was working, but never mentioned anything personal.  Dani felt relieved, yet strangely sad, at the change in Tom's behavior towards her.  She still felt a jolt of electricity whenever he was near, but she tried to keep from being alone with him.  Janet was aware of the subtle change in both of them, but did not say anything.  Sometimes she did feel more like a chaperone than a secretary.  The week passed uneventfully, although a feeling of tension seemed to be building between them.  Tom watched Dani getting ready to leave the office.  He stared curiously at the small bag she took from under her desk.  It appeared to be a small suitcase.
"Where do you suppose she's going with that bag?  I wonder if she's going off to meet a boyfriend?" he muttered angrily to himself.  He could feel jealousy and rage filling his heart as he thought of her in anyone else's arms.  He closed his eyes and rubbed his forehead as if he could wipe out the tormenting thoughts.  By the time Dani was ready to leave, Tom's nerves were at the breaking point.  "I've got a find out what she does on Wednesday nights," he muttered.
As it got closer to quitting time on Wednesday evening, Dani began hurrying to clear off her desk.  At five, she grabbed her small satchel and hurried outside.  Tom, as usual, on the last few Wednesday nights had watched her rush out.  "Where does the ‘mystery woman’ disappear to every Wednesday night?" he asked Janet when Dani hurried out.
"You'd better ask her yourself.  I have an idea, but, for once, I will keep it to myself.  If you really want to know, I'm sure you can figure out a way to find out," Janet added.
"You're right," he said, suddenly grabbing his jacket.  He rushed out after her.  Feeling like something out of a spy movie, he quietly followed her through the San Francisco evening.  From a distance he watched her stroll from the BART station to the campus of the large City College.  As he watched, she disappeared into the college gymnasium.  He moved over and leaned against the wall near the front door and prepared to wait until she came out.  Within twenty minutes, young people, both men and women, began filing into the large building.  He overheard enough to know they were going to a dance class.  Dani's name was mentioned so often that he finally realized she must be the dance instructor.  Puzzled, he scratched his head.  "Why is she being so mysterious about teaching a dance class?" he wondered.
After the dance class had started, he hurried back to work, retrieved his car, and returned to the campus.  He rushed back to the gymnasium and quietly stepped inside.  The students were standing between where he was and where Dani stood.  She had changed from her softly swirling silk dress of green and gold into a leotard of deep blue. It clung to her body, and he felt a surge of excitement as his eyes swept over the curves of her slim figure. Her hair was pulled away from her face, accentuating her high cheekbones, and was fastened with a narrow silk scarf of matching blue color.
"Dani," a woman's voice called from the crowd.  "Please show us how that last group of dance steps fits into a routine."  Several others joined in their cheers.
"Don't think you're fooling me for one minute," Dani teased.  “You're just tired and want a break.  This class is supposed to be so you can learn to dance, not watch me."
"Well, that's true, but it gives us something to reach for.  Please, Dani, show us how it's supposed to look."
"Oh, all right," Dani answered, moving across to restart the tape.  "Be sure to notice the three steps you been working on tonight and see how I've tied in some of the others you already know.  This is more complicated and fancier than you can do right now, but you are all making good progress," she encouraged them.
As the music started, Dani snapped her fingers to the rhythm then slowly began swaying her body from side to side with a sultry grace. She spun around and began twisting and turning in perfect unison with the slow, sensuous music.  With a final slow spin she sank down onto the dance floor in a graceful pose, her body arching backwards with her arms reaching out to an unseen lover.  It was all Tom could do to force himself to keep from rushing forward and gather her up into his arms.  His heart was pounding as his eyes drank in the beauty of her face.  The sound of the students’ applause roused him from his dreamy state.  He joined their cheering and moved slowly forward, his trim business suit standing out in sharp contrast to their exercise clothes.  Dani stood up, smiling at her students.
"That's all for tonight.  Time for teacher to collapse and catch her breath," she joked.  "See you all next week." 
Chapter 5
As the students started walking away, Dani caught sight of Tom watching her from just inside the doorway.  Her smile disappeared, and a stricken expression crossed her face.  Without a word, she turned and hurried towards the dressing room.  Tom intercepted her before she could reach the safety of the shower area.
"What are you doing here?  You had no right to follow me.  What are you going to do now that you know about my second job?  What do I have to do to keep you from reporting me to the Personnel Department?  I'll never forgive you for poking into my private life," she snapped, although her voice trembled.
"Wait, just a minute, Dani.  I don't have any ulterior motive, but I do want to talk to you.  If you want to know what I'm going to do, go change your clothes and meet me back here.  I'll be waiting for you.  Don't keep me waiting too long.  We need to talk!"  Tom added darkly.
Dani turned and dashed into the shower room.  She quickly showered and put her work clothes back on.  The green and gold silk material clung to her damp body.  She brushed her hair quickly, letting it fall softly around her shoulders.  When she went outside, Tom moved quickly to her side.
"Come with me," he said, grabbing her elbow and lead her outside.
"Where are we going?" she asked anxiously.
"Somewhere to talk.  You obviously don't understand me. I'm not out to hurt you, Dani.  Why do you always think the worst about me?" he asked angrily as he opened the door to his small green Mustang.
Dani got in and slid over silently as he climbed in beside her.  Without saying another word, he started the car and pulled out into the side streets leading away from the city college campus.
"Where are you taking me?"  Dani asked again.
Tom looked over at her flushed face.  He smiled gently and chuckled.  "Don't look so worried.  I thought you might enjoy a drink after all that activity.  I know a little place not far from here.  It has a nice combo and a small dance floor.  During the middle of the week, it shouldn't be very busy.  It's a neutral place where we can be alone with lots of other people around us.  Relax, Dani, I'm not going to hurt you."
Dani looked a little relieved, but far from relaxed.  Tom started to put his arm around her, but was afraid she would misinterpret his motives.  Instead, he drove in silence.
He steered her through the semi darkness to a small table on the far side of the dance floor.  A trio was playing, and several people were on the dance floor. The music was mellow and very danceable.
After ordering two cold drinks, Tom took her by the hand and led her firmly out onto the dance floor.  He looked deeply into her eyes and pulled her up close to his body.  She tried to hold herself stiffly away from him, but he laughed and pulled her closer.
"Arthur Murray wouldn't approve of your dance position," she snapped indignantly.
"If I were dancing with Arthur Murray, I wouldn't be holding him this close," he laughed holding her body next to his.
As the music started again, he began slowly swaying with her before moving smoothly forward.  His lead was firm, but gentle, and Dani could feel herself relaxing as they danced along.  His arms loosened slightly.  Then he pulled her gently closer.  With a barely audible sigh, Dani laid her head against his chest, feeling safe and warm in his arms.  In a dreamlike state, they moved in unison with the slow jazz melody. She felt his lips brush against her forehead.  She leaned against him and felt herself drifting with his body in time to the music.  As they moved fluidly around the floor, the other couples moved back to watch.  Soon, Tom and Dani were alone on the floor, all eyes watching the striking couple so lost in each other and the music.  When the music ended, Tom bent down and lightly kissed Dani's upturned face. At the sound of the other couple’s clapping, they reluctantly pulled apart.  Tom did not completely release his hold, and Dani did not push him away.  She nestled against him, and in near silence, they danced several more times. Tom finally led her back to the table.  As they sipped their drinks, a mellow feeling spread through them.  For the first time since they had met, they relaxed and began talking quietly.  The music surrounded them.  As they sat in the semi-darkness, Tom reached across the table and lightly touched Dani's hand, Dani looked up into his eyes, and a soft smile played across her lips.  She took his hand in hers and squeezed it gently.  For several seconds, no one spoke.  Dani felt a warm tingling sensation at Tom's touch that seemed to spread throughout her body.  Tom's eyes never left Dani's face. Time seemed to be standing still.
Tom's voice finally broke through the stillness that enveloped them.  "Why are you keeping your teaching this dance class a deep dark secret, Dani?  I want to understand everything about you.  I'm really puzzled.  You are absolutely marvelous when you dance, so it can't be lack of confidence in what you can do. Please, tell me why?" Tom asked softly. “Why are you being so mysterious?"
Dani shook her head sadly.  "I didn't mean to seem mysterious, although I have tried to keep it a secret at work.  Maybe you are not aware of the company's policy concerning outside jobs.  They are strictly against it.  They feel if we work for others on our off hours, we will not be able to give full effort to them.  In a way, I agree with them, but I needed the extra money the school pays me so much that I took the risk.  Now, you've caught me.  I guess I've always been afraid it would happen, but I hoped it wouldn't be discovered until after I paid off my mother's medical bills.  I really enjoy teaching the class, too. If my life had been different, I think I would've become a dancer.  Teaching the dance class keeps me in touch with dancing and has paid me to do something I really enjoy doing.  Now that you found out about my moonlighting, what are you going to do about it?"
Tom watched her closely as she spoke.  His eyes drifted from her eyes to drop down to her soft, red lips. He sat silent for a moment after she stopped speaking.  "What do you think I should do?" he asked finally.
"I hope you will just forget what you've learned about my second job and not tell anyone, but I doubt if you will do that,” she said sadly.
"What do you mean?" he asked at the hopeless tone of her answer.
"I know you report everything to the Board and play by their rules. You might use it as leverage against me.  I know how ambitious you are.  I don't think you will let anything get in your way of climbing to the top.  What do I have to do to keep you from telling the company about my job?" Dani asked bitterly.
Tom released Dani's hand as if it were suddenly deathly cold.  "Why do you always think the worst about me?  What have I ever done to make you suspect my motives or my character?  You don't really know anything about me.  You’ve been cold and hostile towards me from the first moment we were introduced.  I'm not used to being treated like poison.  Frankly, it has really bothered me.  You are only right about one thing about me.  I am ambitious, but I'm not the kind of person who climbs to the top over the bodies of other people.  I will make it to the top someday, but it will be because  of my hard work and my own ability,  not because I am ruthless and calculating.  I've met the type you're talking about, but I am not one of them.  What makes you so sure that I'm that kind of person?" he asked angrily.
Dani flushed guiltily at his words.  She looked down at the table for a few seconds before finally answering. "I have been rough on you, Tom.  It's just that I heard too many stories about you and the work you've done in the other departments before you arrived at my department. I was determined not to be taken advantage of by you."
"What kind of things did you hear about me?" he asked slowly.
"I heard you were responsible for several people being demoted or losing their jobs, and that you were stuck up, opinionated, and so impressed by your own good looks and intelligence that you regarded everyone as your inferior," she answered hesitantly.
Tom was silent for a long time. Dani looked up, but quickly dropped her glance at the sight of cold anger in his eyes.  When Tom finally spoke, his voice was cold and strained.  "That explains a lot, Dani.  I can't tell you how much it hurts to know you believed that vicious pack of lies about me.  Think back on the time I have been working with you and Janet. Have I treated you or any of the others with coldness or contempt?  Have I been guilty of any of the crimes your gossiping source accused me of?  I will admit that part of what you said is true.  Because of my report and recommendations, I guess I was responsible, in a way, for some people losing their jobs or being demoted.  I truthfully reported what I found. There were a few people in Quality Control, like in every organization, who do not do their jobs.  The ones who worked, or even really tried to do what they were being paid to do, got good recommendations from me.  The others, well, I just told the truth as I saw it.  If they were fired or demoted, it was only because of the kind of  work they did.  I can pretty well guess who made the personal comments, and possibly all of the others, too.  I knew I wasn't making too many friends, especially with one girl in particular.  It's hard coming into work with people when they know you are there to find out whether they are doing a good job or not.  Some try to impress you by their work, others by their dedication, some by trying to establish a ‘personal favors’ relationship.  I'll bet your source was a spiteful, lazy girl in the typing pool named Gloria.  She tried the last approach, very unsuccessfully, I might add, because that is one thing that really turns me off.  That's a lazy, scheming woman who tries to use her looks and body to sleep her way to the top.  She didn't get fired or demoted, but only because her work was ‘adequate’.  I can almost guarantee you she’ll never go higher than a typist, because she doesn't care about her work.  If I were the evil and vindictive person, you seem to think I am, I would've had her fired for personal reasons for the trouble she caused me with her spiteful behavior and attitude while I was there. It was tempting, but I would never do that.  I don't know why I am bothering to explain anything to you. You seem to like to think the worst about me.  You don't have anything to worry about from me, Dani. I respect you for your work and for your dedication to the company.  What you do on your free time is strictly your business.  I don't intend to tell anyone what I know about your teaching, or anything else, and I don't ask for or expect anything in return.  All I've ever tried to do is be your friend. I just thought you were special, and I wanted to know you better," he said sadly.
When Dani looked up again, Tom gasped as he saw tears slowly rolling down her cheeks.  She wiped them away with her hand.  "I am so ashamed of the way I've treated you, Tom.  You are right about the source of my misinformation. Now that I think about it, I can understand why she was so angry and spiteful.  Gloria never did like to work very hard.  We started working here about the same time. She was smart enough.  She could have worked her way up, but she never put forth any effort.  She always got along on her looks.  I remember the way she threw herself at the new manager when we were in Personnel.  He was flattered by her attention, and she did get promoted, but it only lasted as long as her relationship.  Afterwards, she never had anything good to say about him.  How could I have been so stupid to believe anything she said?.  I doubt if you can forgive me, but I am very sorry that I hurt you or upset you," she said, tears starting again.
"Please, I don't want you to cry.  Don't ever cry because of me.  Dani, please come and dance with me.  Let's bury the hatchet once and for all and start off fresh," Tom said as he led her out onto the dance floor again.  He pulled her gently into his arms, and she laid her cheek against his chest.  Her arms slid up around his neck and they swayed together in time to the music.  When he felt a shiver pass through her body, he pulled her closer.  As they moved around dance floor, Dani felt her tension, her fears, and her misunderstanding melting away in the warm safety of his arms.  She leaned against him and sighed.  Tom felt her body relax and snuggle against him.  He bent his head down and kissed her forehead.  Dani looked up and felt captured by the deep brown eyes.  When he bent towards her, she let her lips open to receive his kiss.  She returned it, and felt him pull her body closer to his.  When his lips finally released hers, she moaned softly and leaned against him again.
"It's getting late, Dani, and we both have to work tomorrow," Tom said quietly in her ear.  "I think it's time for me to take you home."
After paying the bill, Tom led Dani out into the cold night air.  He helped her into his car.  They were both silent for most of the drive, except for Dani giving him directions on how to reach her apartment.
Tom parked in front of the old brownstone building where she lived.  He opened the car door and led her up the front steps.  He slowly pulled her into his arms and kissed her gently.  Dani’s arms slid up around his neck and she pulled him closer.  As their kiss deepened, Dani swayed against his body.  When he released her lips, she still clung to him.
“Where is your key?” he asked.
Dani fumbled in her purse and handed him the key.  Tom opened the front door and followed Dani up the narrow stairway towards the door to her apartment on the second floor.  He put the key in the lock, opened the door, and Dani walked in.  Tom followed her inside and pushed the door shut behind him.
“Come here, Dani,” he whispered hoarsely, his eyes dark and inviting.
Dani stepped into his arms and surrendered her mouth to him.  She felt her body responding to his touch, and she clung to him.  No man had ever stirred her emotions like this before.  With a growing sense of wonder, she pressed against him, desire and love surging through her body.  Tom’s hands moved possessively down her back, molding her body even closer to his.
Tom’s tongue teased her lips farther apart and entered her mouth.  Her tongue met his, tantalizing him further.  He squeezed her closer.  Dani arched her body against his.  She moaned as she felt his hand slip inside her blouse.  His fingers felt hot as they burned their way closer and closer to her breast.  His hand cupped the fullness of her breast and gently caressed it until her nipples became hard and pointed.  While he was unbuttoning her blouse, his other hand began moving down her body.  Dani trembled with excitement and arousal because of the new sensations sweeping through her body.  His hands were working magic on her breasts, and she had no strength to resist.  She knew she could not turn back now. She gasped when he bent down and began kissing the soft swell of her breasts.  He pulled her bra away and gently drew her nipple in between his lips.  His tongue darted over the hard points making her shiver with anticipation.  He slowly drew the fullness into his mouth and gently caressed it with his hands and mouth.  Dani’s fingers wound up into his hair as she bent down and kissed his forehead.  Her hands moved down to massage his shoulders.  She felt the muscles rippling through the soft knit material of his shirt.  Dani felt her body becoming warm with desire, and she pulled him up into her arms.  She pressed against him and kissed him with all the newfound love and desire in her heart.
It was several seconds before Dani became aware of the insistent ringing of the telephone.  It’s noise finally broke through the curtain of desire and arousal that surrounded her.  She began to stir in his arms and tried to push him away.
“Let it ring, Dani,” he moaned hoarsely against her forehead.
“No,” she said.  “It may be something important.  I’ve got to answer it, Tom.  Please, let me go,” she begged.   “I’ll come right back, and we can start where we left off.”
Tom released her reluctantly, watching her move quickly across the room to pick up the phone from the table beside the large floral printed sofa.
“Hello,” she said with a husky voice.  When she saw Tom staring hungrily at her exposed breasts, she blushed as she turned away and forced herself to concentrate on the voice coming over the phone line.  “No, Paul, I’m all right.  I’m sorry.  I got involved with someone after dance class.  I forgot all about your phone call.  I hope I didn’t keep you waiting too long.  Of course, you know how much I want to see that musical performance.  I’d love to go with you.  Why don’t you plan on coming here for dinner, as usual?  I’ve got a new recipe for veal Oscar that I’m sure you’ll love.  After the show, we can come back here for your favorite kind of dessert.”  Dani paused to listen for a while, and then laughed quietly.  “I don’t know what I’d ever do without you, Paul, mon cher.  You know how much you mean to me.  I’ll talk to you about it tomorrow at lunch.  The usual place?  That sounds fine,” she added softly.
By the time Dani replaced the phone and turned around, Tom had walked out of the apartment, silently closing the door behind him.  She looked around and shook her head in disbelief that he was gone.  She shivered and sank down on the sofa, buried her face in her hands and sobbed.  Never before had Dani felt so alone and so empty.  Her dress was still partially open, and she could almost feel the warmth of his breath on her skin.  Her arms ached for the feel of his body.  She dragged herself across the room and collapsed on her bed.  She lay unmoving for many minutes before she had the energy to get up and get  ready for bed.  It was several minutes before sleep claimed her.  Even in her sleep, Dani’s dreams were filled with Tom.  Each time, just as he was about to carry her to her bed, she would awaken and feel tears spring into her eyes again.
Dani sobbed into her pillow, realizing that in spite of all her planning, she had fallen love with Tom.  “Thank God for the phone call that interrupted us!  It’s obvious. I didn’t really mean anything to him.  He was just using me to amuse himself.  Maybe he just likes the challenge.  If he really cared about me, he wouldn’t have walked out without a word last night. I know I didn’t have the strength last nigh to stop. At least, I didn’t become just another name on his list  of easy conquests.  I won’t be fooled again, and I won’t give him the satisfaction of knowing that I have fallen in love with him.  At least, I’ll keep my pride intact, even if my heart is breaking,” she cried as she drifted off into another fitful sleep.
Chapter 6
After tossing and turning all night, Dani awoke and dressed slowly, dreading the thought of seeing Tom at work.  She put on a new peach colored wrap-around dress with soft, flowing butterfly sleeves.  Dani examined her image in the mirror, shaking her head at the dark circles that were beginning to form under her eyes.  She touched up her makeup to try to cover up her tiredness and red eyes, before brushing her hair back away from her face and fastening it in place with small gold clips.
“That’s as good as I can muster today,” she sighed.  “At least, the dress looks good on me.  That may help boost my confidence and morale.  How can I ever look Tom in the face after the way I behaved before he left me last night?  He must have laughed at the way I practically fell into his arms.  I guess once he felt me respond to him, all the challenge was gone.  I won’t ever let him use me to build up his ego and then toss me aside like a used tissue.  He’ll never know how much I wanted him then or how badly he hurt me last night.”
When Dani walked into the office, Tom was already seated at his desk, papers spread out in a circle around him.  Dani glanced over at him, then quickly turned and crossed to her own desk.  He didn’t look up or speak, so Dani remained silent.  She poured a cup of coffee and started working.  A few minutes later, Janet came strolling in with one of the other secretaries.  She called out a friendly “Good morning”.  Dani and Tom looked up and mumbled a welcoming greeting to Janet before returning to stare at the papers on their desks.  Janet looked at the two silent workers and shrugged her shoulders.  She pulled off her jacket and began typing the publicity releases and letters for the Olympic Spirit Campaign.  Once approval of the final plan had been received, they began gearing up for the fund raising drive to establish the training camps for prospective Olympic candidates.  Although the company was making a large corporate donation, its main contribution was using its extensive computer data systems to help organize a nationwide effort to establish training centers and to line up coaches and facilities for the different Olympic sports.
Initial response, although still small, had generally been favorable.  It looked like it was beginning to snowball.  As some of the major corporations made pledges, others joined in to keep up with their competitors.  “Olympic Spirit” was rapidly becoming a familiar phrase in the media.
It was nearly ten o’clock when Tom approached Dani’s desk.  Dani looked up uncertainly after having tried to add the same column of figures three times.  She felt a momentary sense of panic as she saw, out of the corner of her vision, Tom was crossing the room towards her.
“Here are the figures you asked for yesterday.  So far, thirty nine corporations have already responded, all willing to make some kind of contribution.  Two airlines have agreed to help by donating passes for several thousand free passenger miles for our athletes traveling to selected meets.  The next major competition is scheduled for two weeks from now in France.  One corporation has contacts with a very wealthy, although eccentric, billionaire with property near there.  He has volunteered to house the entire squad of American gymnastic competitors at no charge.  His only condition is that we keep his identity a secret and send someone over who can take care of coordinating all the activities and planning.  That means we will need to find someone familiar with the Olympic project and our computer operations who speaks fluent French to go over and act as the coordinator,” Tom announced in a cold business-like tone.
Dani’s hand trembled as she took the paper Tom handed to her. She quickly dropped it on the desk and stared at it, hoping wildly that Tom had not noticed her nervousness.
“It sounds like things are really beginning to start moving in the Olympic Spirit Campaign now,” Dani stated in an emotionless voice.
When Dani looked up at Tom, she was shocked to see the look of coldness in his eyes.  His jaw was firmly set, and his eyebrows were drawn down.  Dani tried to muster a smile, but looked away at the last minute, feeling confused by his coldness.  “Is that all you had to report?” she asked finally when he made no move to return to his desk. “What right does he have to be angry at me?  After all, he’s the one who walked out, not me,” Dani thought angrily.
“That’s about all I have to say on that subject right now,” he snapped.
“Thank you for your excellent work, Tom,” she added sarcastically as he retreated.
“Anytime.  I go out of my way to be helpful,” he answered back.
Janet watched the brief encounter with a puzzled expression.  After Tom had gone to retrieve some records from the master file room, she turned to Dani and sniffed, “It feels rather like winter has set in.  Awfully cold in here for this time of year,” she added pointedly.  “What’s going on between you two now?”
Dani looked angry and snapped, “Nothing is going on between us.  There is no US, and I’m getting sick and tired of being questioned about my attitude towards him!”
“Forgive me for saying anything,” Janet sniffed with a hurt tone.
Dani put her head down on her desk for a moment.  When she raised it again, she had blinked back her tears.  “I’m sorry, Janet.  I don’t know why I took this out on you.  Tom followed me last night, and we had a bad fight about it.  I am feeling tired, grouchy, and sick about it, but it isn’t your fault.  I shouldn’t have snapped at you.  Am I forgiven?” Dani asked humbly.
“Of course, Dani, you know I’d never do anything that would upset you intentionally, but I didn’t understand why the big change between you and Tom.  Usually sparks fly, but today it is all icicles and stiff formality.  Why can’t you two just relax and work together without fighting?” Janet asked.
“I wish we could, Janet, but we are just too different to get along.  He and I just don’t agree on anything,” she said sadly.
Later that morning, Dani glanced over at Tom after answering the telephone.  She was startled by the look of disapproval in his eyes as he looked at her.  She felt herself blushing as she remembered the different look in his eyes when he had stared at her exposed breast on the previous night.
In her nervousness, Dani twisted the ring on the chain around her neck.  She had done it so often, she wasn’t ever aware of her nervous habit of fingering it whenever something made her feel sad, or insecure, or when she thought about her mother.  Dani felt like screaming, but she focused her attention on talking to the customer on the telephone. 
 Tom frowned when he saw her lovingly fondling the engagement ring.  “That ring must be from some other guy. She seems to care about it.  I wonder why she isn’t wearing it.  Maybe, she is just stringing him along until a richer one comes along with a better offer,” he thought, bitterly remembering his stepmother.
Through the rest of the morning, the climate in the office remained cold and formal.  They spoke to each other only when absolutely necessary, often telling things to Janet, knowing the other would hear it without having to address the other person directly.
Tom had gone to a meeting with George Wilson to review some data in his report on the Personnel Department.  While he was out of the office, Dani was in the middle of writing a press release about the Olympic Spirit Campaign when she heard the door to the office open.  Looking up, she saw a tall, stylishly dressed young woman enter.
Janet, looking up from her typing, said pleasantly, “Good morning.  How can I help you today?”
A soft purring, Southern voice dripping with honey drawled, “I’m looking for Tom Kirkpatrick.  They told me downstairs that I might find him here.  I’m an old friend of his and I wanted to surprise him.”
“Well, you are in the right office, but he’s stepped out for a few minutes.  You are welcome to sit down and wait for him.  He should be back soon,” Janet added indicating a chair near her desk.  After she was seated, Janet said,  “Have you known Tom for very long?  He’s only been working here with us a short time, but we think he is really great.”
“Oh, yes, I’ve known Tom and his family for ages. We practically grew up together.  In fact, our families are both convinced we’ll be getting married very soon.  If it weren’t for his schooling, we’d be married already.  Why, my Daddy offered to pay his way through school once we are married.  He’s determined to do it on his own, but I keep trying to get him to reconsider.  With Daddy’s help, he could concentrate on me, instead of working and studying day and night.  Confidentially,” she added after noticing the stricken expression on Dani’s face, “I think he’s about to ready to give in.  I thought we were going to get together last night and discuss our wedding plans, but I guess we got our wires crossed.  I left the hotel early today and decided, on the spur of the moment, to take him to lunch.  He’s such a darling, but I do have to keep my eye on him.  He’s so attractive, and he is a healthy normal man, if you know what I mean,” she added coyly.
Dani stared open mouthed at the bubbly young woman seated by Janet’s desk.  Her clothes appeared to be an expensive designer outfit with very simple lines that only emphasized the perfection of her figure.  She could have been a fashion model, except her figure was fuller and more voluptuous than most of the skin and bones types used in high fashion ads.  Dani noticed the deep blue color of her eyes set in a heart shaped face.  Her hair, a deep brown with golden highlights, was swept back away from her face, revealing a clear, creamy complexion. 
 Dani felt her heart thudding as she heard the woman rambling on about her relationship with Tom. “So he’s about to get married! That explains a lot.  I guess I was going to be one last fling before he settled down.  Maybe his conscience, if he has one, got to bothering him.  Or maybe he finally remembered his girlfriend was in town, and he had forgotten to meet her.  How could he come on to me like that on the night he’s supposed to be discussing his wedding plans! What an idiot I am to have fallen in love with a man like that.  Thank God, I found out about him before I made an even bigger fool of myself.  Why couldn’t I have learned this before I fell in love?  Will I ever stop hurting?” she moaned silently.
“My name is Melanie Edwards,” she spoke softly to Janet, giving her a dazzling smile.  “Tom has told me about the wonderful people he has met since he started working here.  He’s become very attached to the people here,” she gushed, looking over to include Dani in the conversation.
Dani looked blankly at her, but did not speak, not trusting her voice to sound normal.
Janet, sensing the tension between them, said, “Dani is the manager of  the Public Relations Department.  Dani, this is Melanie Edwards.  Melanie, this is Danielle Porter.”
Dani smiled and mumbled, “It’s nice to meet you, Miss Edwards.”
“Oh, please call me Melanie. All my friends call me that.  Tom speaks highly of your work.  He’s told me all about you. Well, maybe not everything.  He didn’t tell me how attractive you are.  I’m not surprised he didn’t mention that, because he knows how jealous I am of all his other women friends.  I’ll sure be glad when I get that ring on his finger, although there are some women who don’t seem to mind fooling around with another woman’s man. That’s just a terrible thing to do, isn’t it, Dani?” she asked with a knowing look.
“Yes, that sure is, but then, it doesn’t seem to bother some men either,” Dani added coldly.
“Well, once we’re married, I’ll see to it that Tom won’t ever fool around.  I plan on keeping him all for myself,” Melanie  said  firmly.
Dani saw a cold hardness in Melanie’s eyes that made her want to shiver.  They seemed to be challenging her, almost as if she knew about last night.  Dani looked back at her work with a blush.  “Do you suppose he told her about what happened.  Why else would she be saying all these things to me?  This is too much!  First, he makes a fool of me, and then he brags to her.  How could he do this to me?” she wondered miserably.
Before Melanie could say anything more, the door opened and Tom walked inside.  Melanie jumped up and hurried over to him.  She threw her arms around him and kissed him soundly.  Tom’s face didn’t reveal what emotions he was feeling.  Dani felt a sharp pain in her chest, but she couldn’t tear her eyes away from his face.  She felt tears forming, but blinked them back before they could fall.
Tom put his hands on Melanie’s shoulders and slowly pushed her away.  When he spoke, his voice was cold and emotionless. “What are you doing here? I’ve told you before not to come to where I work.  You know how I feel about your snooping on me.”
Melanie glanced at him, her dark eyelashes halfway covering her eyes.  She looked contrite and purred, “I’m sorry, darling, but I was free for lunch today and wanted to talk to you about something important.  Please say you’ll forgive me,” she cooed.
Tom looked over at Dani and noticed the angry glare in her eyes, before she looked down at her work.  Tom took Melanie’s arm and steered her towards the door.  “Well, we can’t talk here.  I already have a meeting set for lunch today.  I’ll call you later.”
“Why don’t you come to my hotel room tonight?  We can talk there.  Please, Tom.  I came all the way from Atlanta to see you,” she begged.
“All right, Melanie.  I’ll see you about eight, but I can’t stay long. I have lots to do on my thesis,” he added.
“Of course, Tom.  Maybe I can help you relax before you have to go back to work on it. See you tonight,” she said before kissing him again.
Tom opened the door and walked out with her.  Through the closed door, they could hear his angry voice.  “How dare you come here after my specifically telling you to stay away from my work.  I won’t have you coming in here disrupting the office and the people in it.  I’ll see you tonight.  We do have lots to talk about.”
When Tom came back into the office, Dani kept her eyes on her work.  Tom sat down at his desk and began sorting out the papers he had just retrieved from the file room.
Just before noon, Dani picked up her purse.  “Janet, if I get any calls, I’ll be back in about an hour.   I’m meeting Paul for lunch today, and we have things to discuss,” she said.
“Sure thing, Dani.  Have a good time.  Say hello to Paul for me.  I haven’t seen him in ages,” Janet answered.
Chapter 7
After Dani was gone, Tom slammed his desk drawer.  He grabbed his jacket and left.  Janet stared after him.  She shook her head and lifted her eyebrows in dismay.  Between Melanie’s bubbling over, and the alternating sparks and icicles from Tom and Dani, the office suddenly seemed peaceful, for the first time in weeks, now that everyone was gone. 
It was almost eight o’clock when Melanie heard the knock on the door of her suite.  She quickly glanced at her reflection in the mirror.  She pushed a stray strand of hair back into place and smiled  at her appearance  before hurrying to open the door.  Tom was standing in the hall.  He had his briefcase with him, although he was dressed, not in a business suit, but was wearing a pair of jeans and a sweatshirt.  When Melanie saw him, she moved to kiss him, but he walked past her into the room.  Melanie closed the door and followed him inside.
"I'm so glad you came here tonight, Tom.  I've missed you so much.  I just had to fly out here to see you," Melanie purred as she followed Tom from the front door to the large overstuffed sofa in the living room of her suite at the Astoria Arms Hotel.  The jersey knit dress clung to her body as she moved, clearly revealing the ample curves barely concealed underneath its pale green softness.  When she sat down on the sofa, the high side slits opened, exposing long tanned legs.
"I really can't stay long.  I have a very important meeting tomorrow at 11 o'clock with my graduate advisor to go over my thesis.  The deadline for the first draft comes up very soon, and I still have a lot to do on it," Tom said as he sat down a few feet away from her.
"You can surely take time for a glass of wine and a visit with an old friend, can't you?"  Melanie purred.
“I guess a few minutes won't make any real difference.  It was quite a surprise to see you at work, Mel.  You know I don't want anyone to know who I really am.  Why did you come?"  Tom asked after taking a sip of wine from the glass Melanie handed him.
"I was so lonely waiting for you back home in Atlanta.  You must know how much I love you, Tom.  Haven't you already proved to yourself that you can be successful without your father's help?  When are you going to give up this charade and come back home where you belong?"
"Nothing's changed, has it, Mel?"  Tom asked with a shake of his head.  "You still think I should stop playing at being a ‘worker’ and step into a soft job at the top because I'm the owner's son."  Tom leaned forward and deposited his still full glass on the coffee table.
"Why not grab what you have a right to take?  Stop wasting time.  We could be spending this time together doing all kinds of fun things," she whispered, leaning over and trying to kiss him.  Tom reached over and pushed her arms and body away.
"Behave yourself, Mel or I'll leave right now," he said firmly.
"You don't have to start at the bottom.  That will never get you any further ahead than you already could be without any of this school and work," she pouted.
"You look down your pretty little nose at all the ’workers.’  Just because you've never had to work a day in your life doesn't make you any better than the ‘workers’ as you call them.  I happen to enjoy what I'm doing.  I want to really learn about how this business works before I start running it.  Starting at the bottom was my idea.  Nothing in my way of thinking has changed, and it is obvious that you still think my way of living doesn’t agree with yours. We have  nothing in common."
"What could you possibly have in common with those people in your office?  They've never traveled in the same circles that we have.  All they know is the same simple boring things that they've always done.  We’ve travelled, seen and done things they can’t even begin to imagine. We were raised in the same social settings," she sneered.
"You're right about one thing.  They are different from you, and, frankly, I'm glad!  Unlike you, they haven't had things handed to them on a silver platter.  All your life, you've been pampered and sheltered from anything unpleasant.  I've watched your father cater to your every whim.  All it has ever done for you is make you selfish and shallow. Deciding how many designer outfits to buy is the most pressing problem you've ever faced.  With your expensive tastes, it's a good thing your family is wealthy.  When are you finally going to give up this delusion about our getting married, Melanie, and stop chasing me?"  He asked.  “I’ve told you a million times, I don’t love you!  Most of the time, I don’t even ‘like’ you.  I don’t enjoy talking to you like this, but this has to stop!”
"Please Tom don't be angry with me.  I only want to be with you.  Don't you understand how much I love you?"  she cried.
"Melanie, we've gone over this before.  I've tried to be tactful in the past, but you have to finally admit there's nothing between us, and there will never be anything between us.  I don't really want to hurt you, but this delusion of yours has to end.  Be honest. You don't really care anything about me.  If I weren't rich, you wouldn't give me the time of day."
"That's not true Tom.  I love you.  You mean everything to me," she cried.
"Since we were kids together at prep school, I've watched you in action. You used first one guy as long as he did everything you wanted, and then you dropped him when another one with more money or a more generous nature came along.  You left a string of disillusioned, heartbroken guys behind you everywhere you went."
"That's not fair, Tom," she protested.  "You can't blame me for being born into wealth.  Naturally I want the best things in life.  What's wrong with that?"
"Nothing's wrong with that. It’s just how you go about getting it that stinks!  You use people, and then throw them away like yesterday’s newspaper. Why did you really rush out here?  Did Jerry finally get wise and break off your engagement because he found out you were fooling around with somebody else at the same time?  Were you trying to decide who would be the best catch, the richest one or the most easily controlled one?  Watching you is like seeing a younger version of my stepmother," Tom snapped angrily.
"Who's been spreading vicious lies about me?  I'm not that kind of woman.  All I want is a man, like you.  Someone I can really love.  Tom, please let me make love to you.  Let me show you how happy I can make you.  You are all I really want," she cooed, moving closer to him.
Tom jerked away and stood up.  He walked across the room, then spun around to face her.  He looked down at her lounging on the sofa.  "I just realized something that I never noticed before, Melanie. You even look and sound like my stepmother!  You would probably have liked her.  You both have so much in common.  All she wanted from my father was his money and the things he could buy her.  I was still young when they got married, but I saw the way she used him.  I'll never be able to forget the sight of my father sobbing as if his heart would break because of her unfaithfulness and lies.  The memory of coming home and finding him slumped on the floor after trying to kill himself after she dumped him for a richer man is something I will never forget!  He never got over the hurt and disillusionment when she finally dumped him for a man half his age with a bigger bank account.  When he finally had to admit what a money-hungry, scheming, lying, and unfaithful woman he married, it nearly killed him.  He loved her.  More than anything in the world, he loved her.  He nearly went crazy after she dumped him.  It is only in the last few years that he's been able to break away from the bottle and his depression and start living normally again."  Tom stopped pacing and slowly turned to face Melanie. "Melanie, you're the last person in the world that I would ever get involved with!  I don’t know if l will ever be able to love or trust any woman, because of my stepmother and you.  Unless I know she loves me for totally for myself, not for the size of my bank balance, I will never be able to love anyone!" Tom added with a contemptuous sneer.  "That completely lets you out.  I'd rather stay single forever than end up with a woman like her or like you!"
Melanie looked up at him, tears streaming down her cheeks leaving dark mascara trails on her cheeks.  "It's that girl at the office!  The one called Dani.  I saw the way you looked at each other.  That's what's made you act like this!  You have something going with her. She thinks she's in love with you.   You're a fool if you let yourself get involved with someone like her.  She's not in your class.  I wonder what she'd say if she knew you were just putting on your ‘poor student’ act.  She’ll think you are just making a fool out of her," Melanie fumed, her lips twisting into a hateful scowl.
"Leave Dani out of this.  This is just about us.  There isn't anything between Dani and me.  We just work together.  That's all there is, all there ever could be.  She's in love with someone else, but I don't have to explain anything to you.  Go home, Mel, and find some sucker who will believe your lies.  All my life I've watched you and women like you playing up to anyone who would buy them what they want and then discard them like a worn-out shoe.  I know what kind of person you are, and I don't want anything to do with you.  Everything is finally over.  There is no love.  There isn’t even ‘friendship’!  Go home, Melanie, and don’t ever call me or come to see me again," Tom said firmly.
"Tom," Melanie cried.  "Please, listen to me."
“Melanie!" he shouted.  "No, you listen to me!  For the last time, stay out of my life and stay away from my family and the people where I work.  I don't think you're capable of loving anyone. The only one you care about or love is yourself.  Don't ever drop by or call me again," he said as he walked across the room to the door.
Melanie picked up the crystal wine glass and quickly drained it.  Her hand shook with the barely controlled rage that was surging through her.  With a curse, she hurled the glass at the closed door.
"You may think this is over, Tom, but it isn't. Nobody walks out on me!  I'll get even with you!  No one talks to me or treats me like this!  Not you, not anyone!  I think I know how to get back at you.  I saw the way you looked at that girl at work.  I'll bet she's the real reason you turned me down.  Well, dear Tom, if I can't have you or your money, I'll see to it that little ‘’miss coworker’ won't have anything to do with you either.  You'll regret the day you spurned me,” she yelled with an ominous tone.  She picked up the wine bottle and sank down on the sofa.  She closed her eyes, and a twisted smile contorted her face.  
Chapter 8
As the audience filed out of the Civic Center Theater Complex, Paul took Dani’s arm and steered her through the crowd to his car in the underground parking garage.  Like a young school girl, Dani skipped along so filled with joy at seeing the musical production.  Although she had seen the original production many years before, the music still filled her with excitement. Dani had danced to many of the musical numbers since it had opened on Broadway, and had even appeared in a local musical theater production about five years earlier. Gabby had been well enough to help create some of the costumes. This made Dani’s feelings about the play even more special. That was just before Gabby had become sick.  After that time, she began having worsening health problems.  
"Paul, that was the most wonderful musical revival that I think I've ever seen!  I can't thank you enough for taking me to see it.  Weren't the dancers in that last number fantastic!"  Dani enthused happily.  “That musical is timeless.  I am so glad you were able to get such great seats.”
"It was my pleasure, Dani.  Seeing it with you made it a very special night for me.  I love the music and the dance numbers, too, but I think you're prettier and a better dancer than any of those performers,"  Paul added, squeezing her hand as they walked slowly down the sidewalk towards Dani's apartment.
"Thanks, Paul.  You always were my biggest fan and my dearest friend.  Do you want to come up for some dessert, or are you still too full?"  she asked with a laugh.
"Well, your meal was great, as always," Paul answered, patting his stomach.  "I never thought I'd be able to eat anything ever again, after all the delicious Veal Oscar I ate, but remembering you made that divine double chocolate mint mousse that I love so much has my mouth watering again.  I'd love to come up for some dessert."
Dani placed a small helping of the mousse on her plate and a larger helping for Paul on his plate.  After pouring two cups of fresh brewed coffee and serving the desert, she sat down at the small dining table across from him.  Dani smiled as she watched him gobble it up.
"Cooking for you is such fun!  I've always enjoyed cooking, but it's no fun when there isn't anyone to share it with.  It makes me feel so happy when I see you enjoy it so much.  I just don't understand how you can stay so trim the way you eat whenever you come here for dinner," she said with a grin.
"That's easy.  I don't eat at any other place.  I've skipped all my meals since I had dinner here last week," he said with a chuckle.  "Seriously, Dani, if you marry me, you’ll never have to eat alone again.  You know I love your cooking.  In fact, I always rave about everything you cook or do," Paul stated quietly.
"Paul, you are so sweet and kind to me, and I like you more than anyone I've ever known.  You're my best friend, but I don't love you that way. You are too special to settle for less than true love.  You deserve a woman who will give all her heart and love to you.  That's the kind of love I want to have.  I wish it would have been you.  I'll never forget how you stood by me all during the months when my mom was sick and dying.  No matter the hour, day or night, you were there when I needed you.  I don't know what's wrong with me.  Why couldn't I have fallen in love with you?" Dani asked forlornly.
Paul reached for her hand and gave it a quick squeeze.  "It's all right, Dani.  I love you, and I'll always be there if you need me, but I won't pressure you for more than you can give me.  Tell me something.  What's been wrong with you the last few weeks?  Sometimes it looks like you're almost ready to cry.  Right now, you are smiling, but your eyes look so sad.  It's another man, isn't it?"
Dani looked down with a guilty blush.  Paul reached out and lifted her chin so that she looked across at him, and her eyes filled with tears.  Paul came around the table and led her to the sofa.  He gently gathered her into his arms, holding her lightly against him.  Dani leaned against him as the tears flowed down her cheeks and slowly soaked into his shirt. Paul rocked her back and forth as if she were a hurt child, slowly stroking her hair and patting her back.
"I'm sorry, Paul.  I don't know what's wrong with me.  I never thought I'd ever feel this way about anyone.  Now that I do, I wish I could stop feeling anything.  I didn't mean to fall in love with him.  It just happened.  Now I find out he's engaged to someone else, and he has just been playing games with my heart and mind.  I should hate him, but I don't.  All I think about is him.  Before he came along, I used to feel content with my life.  Now my life seems so empty.  If it weren't for you, I don't know what I do.  I wish it was you that I loved," Dani cried.
"Who is this guy that's hurt you so much?  I'd like to get my hands on him," Paul muttered.
"Please, Paul.  Don't say or do anything.  I have to handle this myself.  He doesn't even know that I love him, and I don't ever want him to find out.  As long as he thinks I don't care about him, I can handle seeing him.  I doubt if he will be around much longer.  For the sake of my heart, I hope not."
"It’s that new guy at work, isn't it?  The one you talked about a few weeks ago, Tom, the one who made you so angry.  Don't try to deny it.  I can see by the expression on your face that I am right.  Don't look so worried.  I'd like to wring his neck for making you so unhappy, but I won't do anything unless you want me to.  Just remember, I'll be around if you need me for anything.  I'm willing to wait and hope.  In the meantime, I will be there as your friend.  I just hate to see you so sad,” Paul said.
"I don't know if I'll ever get over Tom.  Please, don't give up any chance for happiness with someone else because of me.  I'm afraid I'm like Mom.  She loved Dad so much that, after his death, she never seriously dated or looked at anyone else.  She loved him, only him, all those years after his accident.  It was just before she died that she gave me her engagement ring.  It was her most prized possession, because it had been given to her by him.  Now it's a symbol to me of the kind of love I want, a love that will last forever.  The only man she dated after Dad died was George Wilson.  He was so kind and attentive to her. He was such a good friend.  I thought maybe she might come to love George, but time ran out for her.  The way I feel right now, even if Tom never knows or returns my love, my heart still belongs to him.  I know that's stupid, but I love him so much I ache inside at the thought of his marrying anyone else, especially that hateful scheming, cold fish who came by work today.  There is something about her that gives me the creeps.  Maybe that's just sour grapes on my part," Dani added.
"How are you going to handle having to be around him at work?"  Paul asked quietly. 
 "I've been thinking a lot about that.  He'll be leaving after he finishes analyzing my department. The way his fiancée talked, she was trying to get him to quit earlier than that and have her father put him through school after they get married.  He may do that.  It would sure be easier than working all day and going to school for long hours most nights the way he's doing now," she said.
"Okay, but how are you going to handle things until he leaves?"
"I heard about a special assignment coming up at work.  They need someone familiar with the Olympic Spirit campaign who speaks French to accompany the men’s gymnastic’s team we are sponsoring to go on a training session and competition in the northern part of France.  It seems that a very wealthy, but eccentric billionaire, offered to house the entire squad on his estate on the condition that someone will handle all the details.  I think I could qualify.  After all, the Olympic Spirit Campaign was my idea, and I certainly can handle the French language.  Best of all, it would take me away from the office for a few weeks.  Maybe some time away from him will help me come to my senses.  At least, I don't see how it could hurt.  I'm going to talk to George Wilson about it tomorrow.  I think he will let me do it.  It may be the coward’s way out, but I need to get away from Tom until I have my feelings under control," Dani confessed.
"Well, I'll miss you, Dani, but I think it's a marvelous idea.  Besides, it should be a fantastic adventure traveling with all those great Olympic athletes.  Too bad they don't need an accountant who can say one or two words in French to go along too," Paul added with a playful wink.  "Just remember to call me if you need anything, anything at all."
After finishing their dessert, Paul gave Dani a hug and a kiss on the forehead.  She walked him to the door.
“Thanks for taking me to the play and for being such a wonderful friend,” Dani said.
“It was my pleasure. I’ll keep my fingers crossed that you get the assignment. I wish I could go with you, but I’ll be here when you come back,” Paul said.  With a final hug, he walked down the stairs and left.
Chapter 9
The next morning, Janet surveyed the office from her reception desk and shook her head in bewilderment.  "It looks like it's going to be another chilly day in here.  Why can't those two stop feuding and admit they like each other.  Two stubborn people.  Too stubborn for their own good, I'm afraid," she thought.
Dani tapped the end of the pen against her lips while trying to decide how to present her plan to George Wilson later that day.  Although Tom had a been unusually quiet all morning, she was always conscious of his presence.  With every movement he made, her attention shifted in this direction.  She tried not to look at him, but felt her eyes drawn to sneak glances at him.  His head was down, but not enough to hide the tension in his face.  Then he looked up and caught Janet's eye.  She smiled and shrugged her shoulders before looking back down at the figures spread out on the desk in front of her.
"How was the play?"  Janet asked.  "Last night was when you and Paul went to see the new musical the light Opera Company is presenting, wasn't it?
"Yes, and it was fantastic!  I don't think I've ever enjoyed an evening as much.  Paul is such a fun person to be with.  He always makes me laugh.  I don't know what I'd ever do without him," Dani added thoughtfully.
"I'm glad you enjoyed the play.  It's had great reviews, but do you think I'd like it? Some musicals are just too loud and strange for my taste,” Janet added.
"You'd love it.  It's a revival of an old musical, and the music is amazing.  The dancers were especially good, and the music is so beautiful.  It's just an old-fashioned love story in so many ways.  It would sure be wonderful if love really happened like it does in those musicals, but things like that don't happen in real life.  It was a beautiful happily ever after story and a night to remember," Dani added happily.
Although Tom did not look up when Dani and Janet were speaking, he listened intently.  "I'll bet it was a memorable evening for Paul," he muttered under his breath.  "At least, one of us had a good time last night.  That scene with Melanie dragged up all of the bad memories of my father's disastrous second marriage.  I thought I had  worked out all of those angry feelings, but now I realize there are still many sore spots left,” Tom thought sadly.
"Tom," Janet called across to him.  "You sure are wool-gathering this morning.  That's the third time I called your name."
"I'm sorry, Janet, but I do have a lot on my mind today.  What did you want?" Tom asked with a slow smile.
"I'll bet it is still on that pretty young woman who came by here yesterday.  What with your working here such long hours and working on your thesis, I'll bet it was nice to have a night out with an old friend.  She told me she was from Atlanta.  Have you known her very long?"  Janet asked.
Tom shifted in his chair and reached for another stack of reports.  "I've known Melanie most of my life, but I didn't really have time to do any socializing last night. I still have so much to do on my thesis that it's hard to take any time off." 
"She certainly seems full of energy and confidence," Janet added.
“Mel knows what she wants in life.  I guess that's what makes her seem so self-assured.  Whatever she goes after, she manages to get.  She knows how to handle herself and manipulate others," Tom said with a frown.
Dani caught the momentary look of anger across his face.  Her heart wrenched as she saw the look of sadness in his expression when he looked across the room.  "I'm sorry I won't be able to stay here and help you with the press releases today.  I have to leave in a few minutes for my Thesis Review Meeting.  The first draft is due in a few short weeks, and I still have a lot of data to put together and analyze.  I don't know how I'm going to get it completed in time.  I never realized how much pressure there was by having to meet a deadline.  I guess it's good training for me, but I want this project to be the best work I can do.  It's going to be next to impossible to finish it by the time it's due.  I guess I could cut down on the hours I work here, but the work we're doing here is very important to me, also.  Of course, cutting back on my work hours would cause me other problems.  I wish I could cram a few extra hours in the day or in the night!” he added.
"I don't see how you can even get up in the morning with all the things you're doing now.  Working here must really interfere with your graduate work load; at least, it would really cut down on your free time," Janet said.
"What is free time?" he asked with a shrug.  "Sometimes when I feel tired, like today, I wonder if it is really worth all the hours I'm putting into it.  I feel like I'm going to crack up, but there is a way out of the pressure if it finally gets too hard doing both things.  I’ve thought about quitting graduate school or postponing it indefinitely.  The other solution is obvious and always readily available, but I don't want to give up my plans for myself.  I'm trying to keep up everything, but it gets harder every week.  I don't want to give in to temptation and take the easy way out, but I am only human," he sighed.
"Can't you get a scholarship or loan from someone so you wouldn't have to work so many hours while you concentrate on finishing your thesis?"  Janet asked.
"Of course, there are those willing to help, but there are usually strings attached.  I don't want to get into something that will end up defeating my plan to become free and independent.  But don't worry about me, I’ll find a way to work things out some way."
"I'd help you myself, but I don't have the kind of money you need.  If I can ever help you, let me know.  I'm pretty good at typing or listening if you just need someone to talk to," Janet said.
"Thanks, Janet.  You have no idea how much your offer means to me.  I don't know what I am going to do for sure, but I'm afraid something has to give," Tom said as he began straightening up the papers on his desk.
Dani bit her lip as she listened to his words. "Melanie's father is only too eager to finance Tom’s studies after they are married.  What a reason to get married!  After the way Tom has played with my feelings, maybe he deserves to become Melanie's new toy," Dani thought sadly.
Chapter 10
After Tom left, Dani settled down to try to get all the facts and figures organized.  Traveling with a large group of gymnasts and having to transport all their gymnastic equipment was a huge undertaking, but Dani loved organizing and planning things.  She was so absorbed in her work, she didn't even hear the telephone ring.  Janet answered it and then told Dani the call was for her.  Dani looked at her watch, and saw it was nearly eleven o’clock. It was probably Paul calling about their date for lunch, she thought.
Dani picked up the phone and quickly said hello.  She nearly dropped the receiver when she heard Melanie's voice speaking into her ear.
"Dani, I hope you won't be angry about my calling you, but I need to see you.  I know it's an imposition, but I wouldn't bother you, if it wasn't terribly important to Tom.  It's really short notice, but is there any chance you could meet me for lunch today?"  Melanie asked urgently.
"I don't understand," Dani sputtered. “Tom isn't here right now."
"I know that.  That's why I called you now.  I must talk to you.  Please, Dani, if you care about Tom at all, please meet me at Alfredo's today.  It's really important to all of us," Melanie added.
"There is so much work to do right now here, but, if it is as important as you say, I'll meet you there.  Is about 12:30 all right with you?"  Dani asked.
"Thank you, Dani.  That time is fine with me.  Please don't tell anyone about this.  Tom would be furious with me and right now that would really mess things up.  I'll see you there at 12:30.  Thanks again."
Dani hung up the phone and stared at the receiver.  She sat for a few seconds before calling Paul to cancel their lunch date.  He sounded surprise, but didn't ask her any questions.
A little after noon, Dani grabbed her purse and started for Alfredo's.  The traffic was heavier than she expected.  When she glanced at her watch, she noted she was going to be a few minutes late.  Dani dabbed on some fresh lipstick, smoothed her hair in place, and hurried to the entrance.
Melanie glanced around the restaurant.  "Perfect," she thought, "Tucked all the way back here in the corner, we should have enough privacy to have our little talk.  Tom will be sorry he turned me down.” Melanie thought through her plan for the last time.  "If I judged her correctly when I met her in the office, she's a sweet trusting little fool who thinks she's in love with Tom.  I'd better be careful. She may be more interested in him if she knows he's rich.  Well, Tom told me not to tell anyone who he really is.  Okay, I'll keep his secret.  It fits in with my scheme anyway.  One thing is sure, no woman likes to feel used and laughed at.  If I can make her believe Tom thinks she's just another woman to seduce, I'll bet she'll hate him.  Her pride will keep her from confronting him.  If I know how a woman thinks, this will ruin his chances with her."
Dani stopped in the entrance while her eyes adjusted to the dimness of the room before she noticed Melanie in a booth near the back corner.  With a deep breath, Dani squared her shoulders and crossed the room.
The waiter, a distinguished man with streaks of gray along his temples, watched Dani's fluid movements as she crossed the room.  His eyes took in the jaunty swing of her shoulder length honey blonde hair and the fresh, clean look of her face before shifting down to admire the slim suppleness of her body.  The pale peach colored silk dress gently caressed her, hinting demurely at the graceful figure hidden beneath its softness.
When Dani sat down, the waiter’s attention shifted to the other woman.  She was taller, appeared slightly older, and gave off the air of sophisticated elegance.  He noticed the flawless perfection or her makeup and her sleek hairstyle.  Her dark brown hair, frosted with golden highlights, was pulled back away from her face.  Her makeup accentuated her deep blue eyes and her creamy complexion.
His eyes swept over Melanie before returning to rest once again on Dani.  As Dani glanced around the restaurant, she became aware the man's eyes on her.  When their eyes met, he smiled at her.
With a cool smile, Melanie greeted Dani.  "Thank you for coming.  I was afraid you might have changed your mind and decided not to come."
Dani slid into the booth and put her purse down on the seat between them.  "Since you said it was very important, I agreed to come, although I don't know what you could possibly have to say to me."
The waiter presented two large red menus and asked for their drink order.  Melanie flashed him a brilliant smile and ordered a Stinger for herself.  Dani chose a glass of white wine.  With a smile and a nod, the waiter left.
"I don't usually interfere in Tom's little games," Melanie said hesitantly, "but after seeing you at the office, I kept thinking how much you reminded me of my younger sister.  After all the times I've seen Tom play the same cheap trick, I decided I just couldn't stand by this time and see him hurt anyone else.  He will be furious with me if he finds out I've told you what he's been up to.  He loves the challenge of pursuing a woman.  Once he has her love and attention, he drops her like a worn-out shoe.  He usually picks someone just like you, sweet, innocent and pretty.  I hope I'm not too late to keep you from being added to his list of conquests," Melanie said quickly.
Dani struggled to keep her face from showing the hurt and shock she was feeling.  She twisted the corner of the cloth napkin in her lap.  When the waiter brought her drink, she picked it up and took a quick sip.  She felt it trickling down her throat, but didn't taste it at all.  After setting it down, she continued to finger the rim of the glass.
Melanie saw her stricken expression and dropped her gaze to her hands to keep from showing her satisfaction at her direct it.  "This is going to be easier than I thought," she gloated silently.
"What makes you think there's anything between Tom and me?"  Dani asked in a voice she barely recognized.
"How do you think I know?  Tom, of course!  That's part of his fun, telling all his friends about it.  It must make him feel like a stud to brag about all his conquests.  I've known him since we were kids.  I've seen him do this so often that he even tells me.  It bothers me to hear it.  You may not understand this, but I still love him.  I've been around him long enough to know how to handle him.  He has his little flings, but he always comes back to me.  I want him enough to overlook it for now, although it bothers me terribly to hear all the sordid details of his conquests.  I know I should break off with him, but I can't.  I hope once we’re married,  he will stop playing around.  Even if he doesn't, I know he always will come back to me, because, in spite of everything, we are so much alike."
"There isn't anything between us," Dani stuttered.
"Oh, thanks goodness! I was afraid I might have been too late.  I keep hoping he'll give up this independence thing of his and accept my father's offer to pay his way through graduate school.  He seemed to be weakening last night.  I shouldn’t admit it, but I decided he's not the only one who can play games.  He doesn't know it, but I stopped taking the pill a month before I came out here. If my timing is right with our activities last night, I may even be pregnant now," she gloated.
At the sound of Dani's gasp, Melanie looked up.  "I'm sorry if that shocks you, but if I do turn up pregnant, that will just speed up our plans.  Because our families are life-long friends, he'll have to marry me.  It's for his own good, too.  Why should he keep working so hard when he can just cruise around and live a life of fun and games with me?  Once we’re married, he'll have to behave.  I'll keep him on a short leash, because I'll have control of the money.  He'll make an amusing lap dog, don't you think?"  She asked with a smug laugh.
"If he's as bad as you say, why do you still want him?"  Dani asked.
"You must realize by now, he is a very sexy and attractive man.  I'm sure he's used his looks and sex appeal on you already.  If he hasn't, why did you look at him the way you did when I kissed him?  He does have a wonderful kiss, and the rest of him is enough to keep me hanging around wanting more," she laughed suggestively as Dani blushed.
"You said you could control him.  If that's true, why are you telling me all this?"
"After we’re married, I'll have power over him.  Right now, let's say this is a friendly warning.  Stay away from him.  I'd hate to see you get hurt.  Besides, it would really teach him a lesson not to succeed for once.  You can't win at his game.  He's mine.  All he will do in the end is seduce you and then leave you.  He's way out of your league, at least, as far as sexual experience.  You're still sweet and innocent enough to blush," Melanie said.
Dani remained silent, flustered and unable to speak for fear she would cry.
"You'll get over him, Dani.  The others have.  I'm sure you won't tell him what I said.  Think of the satisfaction it would give him to hear you cry and accuse him of being unfaithful.  I can already hear him laughing at your wounded pride and your naïve innocence.  I don't imagine you'd want him to know how much he has already affected you."
"Don't worry about me.  I won't say anything to him.  I guess I should thank you, but I don't think you really care about me.  In some way, this must benefit you.  I don't care why you told me.  I never want to see him or you again.  The funny thing is that I hope you do get him.  I think you both deserve each other.  You are as cold and scheming and selfish as he is!” Dani accused before she rushed out of the restaurant.
Seeing her leave so abruptly, the waiter came over to inquire if everything was all right.  With a quick smile, Melanie answered, "Yes, thank you.  Everything is fine.  She didn't feel well, poor dear," Melanie explained in mock sympathy.  With a sigh Melanie ordered another stinger and a small Caesar salad.  While she ate, she smiled smugly to herself.  "If that doesn't destroy their budding relationship, then I have certainly lost my touch," she gloated. 
Chapter 11
Later that afternoon, Dani called George Wilson's office and asked if she could come up and talk to him.  His secretary said that he could see her in about 20 min.  Dani thanked her and said she would be up at that time.  When Dani arrived at the office door, she quickly glanced at her reflection and knocked on the door.
"Come in, Dani," George said, extending his hand to grip hers, smiling warmly.  "It's been a long time since you wanted to come up and talk.  How are you getting along now?"
"I'm all right.  Most of the time, but I feel very lonely sometimes," Dani admitted.
"Me, too.  I still miss Gabby so much.  It's even hard for me to talk to you sometimes, because you remind me so much of her,” he said with a sigh.
"I know what you mean.  When I see you, I remember how happy Gabby was when she was going out with you before she found out about her illness,” Dani agreed.
George squeezed her hand and gave her a gentle hug.  "I had hoped that Gabby would marry me, because I loved her so much--and you, too.  Her death didn't change my feelings for you.  I hope you understand that I will always be here if you ever need anything."
"I know you loved us, and I was pulling for you.  She loved you, too.  I don’t know if she ever told you in so many words, but she glowed with love and happiness when she talked about you," Dani explained.
George was silent for a moment, his head down before he looked up and asked quietly, "I don’t think you just came up to talk about Gabby.  How can I help you today?"
"I came to ask you for a favor.  I heard about a special project that needed a planner, coordinator, and laison person for a trip with the men’s gymnastics team going to a competition in Paris, France.  I'd like to volunteer for that position.  I know I could do the job and, to be truthful, I need to get away from this area for a while," Dani said.
"I've heard about that trip, but I don't know much about it.  Someone higher up has been arranging it, but I can call someone and recommend you.  Now that I think about it, you'd be the perfect person for the job.  You know all about our Olympic Spirit campaign.  You're an expert organizer, and you speak French like a native.  I can't think of anyone who'd be better qualified than you.  I'll call the Chairman of the Board today and see if the job is still open.  I’ll get the information and then I'll let you know what happens."
"Thanks, George.  It really means a lot to me," Dani added.
"Now, Dani, out with it.  What's wrong?  I can tell that you’ve been crying and are upset. You haven’t been yourself for several weeks now.  Why do you need to get away?  You seem very tense and upset.  Tell me what’s wrong. Let me help you, Dani."
"It's nothing you can help me with, George," Dani sputtered, squirming in her chair.
"I can only think of one thing that could upset you this much.  You are usually calm, collected, poised, and unflappable.  It's a man, isn't it?"  He guessed.
Dani blushed and looked away.  Slowly she shook her head, "Yes," she admitted.
"Tell me all about it," he urged.
"I don't know where to start.  I just feel so hurt and stupid.  I met someone I thought was really great, and I think I love him. Now I found out,  he's already engaged.  He was just stringing me along.  I guess I should hate him, but I don't.  Even though I know he will never be mine, I still care about him."  Dani brushed a tear away as it slowly slid down her cheek.
Handing her a tissue, George asked, "Does he know how you feel?"
"No, and he never will."
"Isn’t that being unfair to him and you?  Maybe if he knew how you felt, he might return your love," George argued.
"No, that's not possible.  I just had lunch with his fiancée.  I think she's a cold, scheming, selfish woman who doesn't even know what love really means, but she has lots of money, and he’s having a hard time making ends meet.  I know I can’t compete with her money, social connections, and family ties.  If he does marry her because of her money, I guess that is his choice.  I hate seeing anyone get married for such a terrible reason.  I just want to get out of this town for a while and try to get my feelings under control.  This assignment would be perfect for me in several ways.  I love the Olympics and I used to compete in gymnastics before I injured my leg.  After that, when I couldn’t compete anymore, that’s when I started dancing.  In a way, I am happy that I was forced to change to dancing.  Dancing is something I can always do.  Competing in gymnastics is only for the young and very healthy.  It would be fun and interesting to see the Olympic gymnastic team in action.  Having competed myself, I might be better able to anticipate their needs better than many other people.  Let me know when you hear anything about the assignment.  Thanks for listening to me, George.  I appreciate your help and your kind concern,” Dani said.
“Why don’t you tell him how you feel?  It may help him change his mind,” George suggested.
“No, it’s useless.  She already has him.  She told me he has just been amusing himself at my expense until they got married, and that he has done this several times before with other girls.  I know all of this, and I ache inside because of this, but I still don’t want to see him to get married to her.  You must think I’m crazy for feeling this way,  but I do,” she said.
George reached out and touched her cheek.  With a sigh  he said, “No, Dani. You’re not crazy.  You are just in love.  Love isn’t logical or easy to understand.  I hate to see you give up on yourself or on him. There must be something good about him or you wouldn’t love him.  Why not give him a chance and tell him how you feel?” he urged.
“I’m afraid to admit it,” she said. “I want his love, but I have nothing to offer him but myself.  She has everything he wants or needs: social status, powerful family connections, beauty, and money.  There’s no way I can compete with her.  They are already engaged, and she thinks she may be pregnant.”
“Is this someone here at work?” he asked.
“I’m sorry, George.  I’ve said too much already.  Please don’t ask any more questions.  Will you try to get that special assignment for me? I know I could do the job as well or better than anyone else. Besides, getting away from here for a few weeks may help me get my feelings under control.  I know Janet could handle the office routine, and Tom would be there for anything else.  He really is very efficient and knowledgeable, and he is a hard worker,” Dani admitted.
“I’ll make that call as soon as you leave.  No matter what happens, remember I’m here if you need me.  You are like a daughter to me. I love you, Dani, and I’ll do anything I can to help you.  I’ll let you know as soon as I hear anything about the assignment,” George promised.
“Thanks, George, for everything.  You know I love you, too,” Dani said, giving him a hug and a kiss on the cheek before leaving the office.  She rode down in the elevator and went into her office.  Janet looked up and smiled. “How did your meeting with Mr. Wilson go?”
Dani glanced over at Tom’s work station.  He was not at his desk.  “It went very well, I think.  I will know more later.  It is always nice getting to talk to George.  Sorry.  I was so used to calling him George when he and Mom were going out, but I try to call him Mr. Wilson in the office.  I really thought they were going to get married, but after she got sick, she pulled back.  I know she loved him, and he said he still loves her.  It’s sad, but we never know how much time we are going to live.  Anyway, if he calls me, please interrupt me.  He is checking on something important for me.”
“Okay.  I’ll let you know as soon as he calls,” Janet answered.
When Dani sat down at her desk, she pulled up all the information about the assignment with the Olympic Gymnastic competition in France that was stored in their computer data bank.  She scanned through the lists of competitors, the events they would be competing in, and the equipment that would be needed for them to have a complete practice facility before going to the actual meet.  Dani shook her head when she saw how huge the list was.  Besides the eight young men on the team,  she would also need to arrange accomodations for the trainers, coaches, and medical personnel that they would need.  Dani quickly printed up all the information on the basic needs.  After she had all the paper copies, Dani organized them into sections, and began making lists of things that would need to be taken care of before making a timeline to prioritize what needed to be done first.
Dani arranged all the information around her on the top of her desk and started looking at each section.  She opened the first folder labeled Equipment.  After reading the list of gymnastic apparatus and equipment that needed to be transported and assembled, she shook her head in amazement.  "It's almost like moving an entire town," she thought.
The next folder contained information on the the individual members of the team.  She read the lists of their events, their special diet requirements, personal background information, and training routines.  All of their names were familiar to her.  "I'm glad I've always followed and loved gymnastics.  At least, I know the basic terminology and events.  This is going to be a real challenge to plan and carry off, but I really hope I get the assignment," she muttered softly.  "There's so much to do, and so little time left before the team needs to leave to get ready for the competition."
While she was trying to absorb all the information and get it organized in her own mind, Tom pushed the door open and walked inside.
"Glad to see you made it back alive and in one piece," Janet called out.  "You were gone so long, I was beginning to think you might have run away from us and headed for the South Seas."
"That's a great idea!  Why didn't I think of that myself?"  he chuckled.  “Amazing as it may seem, things went rather well.  I have to revise, reorganize, and reworked a lot of my data, but my advisor thinks it is coming along all right.  I still don't know how I will ever find the time to do all of the things they want, but I talked my way through this deadline."
Dani felt her face beginning to grow warm.  At the sound of his voice, Dani felt panic, wondering frantically how she could face him with the memory of Melanie's words still ringing in her ears.  She was aware of his eyes on her without even glancing in his direction.  She focused her attention on the papers in front of her, trying to block all thoughts of Tom out of her mind.
When the phone rang, Dani picked it up on the second ring. At the sound of George Wilson's voice, her attention shifted to his words. "Oh, George," she stammered.  “That's wonderful!  You'll never know how much this means to me.  You are a lifesaver.   When do I leave?  That soon?  Oh, of course, the sooner, the better.  Well, I hadn't thought much about that, but I'm sure Tom would be able to do it.  Yes, he's picked up everything here very quickly.  Yes, I'll make sure everything in this department is covered before I leave.  Thanks again.  You won't be sorry," she added before quickly putting the receiver down. 
While Dani was talking on the phone, Janet and Tom exchanged puzzled looks.  Janet shrugged her shoulders and smiled at Tom.  He smiled back before focusing on the papers in front of him.
Dani gathered all the Olympic Spirit Campaign project information folders up and put them in a stack on her desk.  She pulled out a notebook, picked up a pen, and began writing a list of things that needed to be done in her department while she was gone.  When she had those things fairly well organized, she called Janet and Tom to bring their chairs over to her desk.
"What's up boss?"  Janet asked as she sat down next to Dani.
"I’ve got good news and bad news," she answered.  "I'll let each of you decide which is which.  First, I am going to be gone for a few weeks.  I've been appointed to be the liaison person for the Olympic gymnastics team’s trip to France.  I'll be leaving in a few days, at least, I'll be getting things organized starting tomorrow.  The team members will arrive in five days, but there's so much I need to get done before then."
"How exciting," Janet exclaimed.  "Imagine traveling with all those wonderful young athletes and a free trip to France, too.  Do you need a secretary to go along?" she asked.
"Sorry to disappoint you Janet, but I'm counting on you to keep things running smoothly here, at least, as far as the office routine goes.  Mr. Wilson wants Tom to be officially in charge of the department while I'm gone," she added a cool tone.
"Is that what you wanted, too?"  Tom asked.
"It's not up to me to make that kind of a decision, but I did tell him I was sure you could take over with no trouble," she answered quickly then blushed at her own abruptness.
"What does he want us to do while you are gone?"  Janet asked.
"I've made a list of the most pressing items that need to be handled.  I'm sure Tom has enough ideas by now on how to run this department in an efficient way that he won't even need to refer to my notes," she added.
A look of annoyance flashed across Tom's face at Dani's words and tone.  Quickly, he masked his feelings and listened with no further show of his emotions.
"I'll try to do whatever jobs you tell me to do," he said in an even voice.
"I'm sure you'll do it just fine.  It'll be a good way to get your talents noticed," she added.
"Well, if you want me to get all the facts and figures ready before you leave, I'd better get busy on it right now," Janet said.
"Thanks.  I have lots to do, also, before I can leave tonight.  Tomorrow I begin getting the trip in order," Dani said. Tom took the list from Dani and scanned it after Janet returned to her desk.  After working for about an hour, Tom walked back to Dani's desk.  "I know you're really busy right now, but you seem upset with me about something. I was just wondering what's wrong?"  he asked.
"I don't know what you're talking about," Dani snapped.
"That's what I'm talking about.  You’ve snapped at me since I came in this afternoon or you've totally ignored me.  Why?  Have I done something wrong?" he asked again.
"Stop acting innocent with me, Tom.  I know what you’ve been up to.  Well, it won't work anymore.  You got all you are ever going to get from me.  Don't push your luck any further," Dani said, putting the rest of the folders in her briefcase.
"I don't understand you at all.  What are you talking about?  You're the boss in this department.  When you come back, everything will be just like it was before you left.  Why are you so upset?  Nothing has changed between us or in this office."
"There's nothing between us now.  There never will be anything between us, not after what you've done.  I'm only human.  I can't always just forgive and forget.  I know what you want,” Dani said as she pushed past him to the door, "but you'll never get it from me."
Tom paused for a moment, staring at the closed door. before hurrying after her.  He caught up to her just as the elevator door was closing.  He squeezed inside at the last second.
"What are you doing?"  she asked.
"We have to talk, Dani.  I want to know what's going on in that beautiful head of yours!"  He grabbed her shoulders as if he was going to shake some sense into her.  Instead of shaking her, his fingers closed around her arm and he forced her to look into his eyes. Suddenly, he pulled her into his arms.  Dani tried to twist away, but his arms held her captive.  His mouth lowered and quickly covered hers with a fierce insistent kiss.  In spite of her anger, Dani felt her body beginning to respond to his nearness. 
When the elevator door opened, Dani jerked away.  "Don't ever touch me or kiss me again.  I hate you for what you've done to me," she cried, rushing out of the elevator and disappearing through the door to the crowded street.
Chapter 12
Tom watched her hurry away.  He struggled with his feelings, but decided to let her go.  He shook his head in annoyance and punched the button to take the elevator back to the seventh floor where his unfinished work sat abandoned on his desk.  With a frustrated sigh, he sat down and tried to concentrate on the news releases. 
After staring at the paper for ten minutes without even remembering what he had read, Tom threw his pencil down in disgust.  He shook his head in frustration and frowned.  Crossing the room, he poured hot coffee into the cold brew left in the bottom of his coffee cup.  Taking a gulp of the bitter lukewarm liquid, he grimaced and exclaimed, “Yuck!”. 
Looking up from her work, Janet giggled at his expression.  "Is my coffee that bad or is something else bothering you?" she asked.
"Both," Tom sputtered.  "I just can't understand Dani.  What's been bugging her?  She acts so cold and angry towards me.  Have I said or done anything out of line?"
"Not that I've seen," Janet admitted, "but she definitely has not been acting like herself."
"I have a lot of pressure on me right now trying to get my thesis draft finished.  Maybe she thinks I haven’t been doing enough around here.  I wish I understood her," he sighed.  “She's friendly, sometimes and then in the next minute she acts like she's afraid I’m after her job.  That isn't true!  I have other ambitions.  She does an outstanding job.  She doesn't need to be worried about me."
"I agree. Dani is great at running this crazy department.  I don't think the problem is work.  You know I love Dani like a daughter.  I feel a little disloyal talking about her, but I'm worried about her, too.  She was very upset about something when she came back from lunch today.  She didn't tell me anything, but I could see it in her face.  She got a phone call earlier this morning and agreed to meet someone for lunch.  I just figured it was Paul.  Maybe they had a fight.  When she came back, she called and set up an appointment with George Wilson.  Now, she's volunteered to go to France, not that I don't blame her.  I’d love to go on that assignment," Janet added with a laugh.
"The thing she said today just before she left made me feel she was worried about my trying to take her job at work," Tom said with a puzzled frown.
"That doesn't make sense, Tom.  If she were afraid of your replacing her, why would she volunteer to go away for a few weeks knowing you'd probably be left in charge.  I'm sure it must be something else that’s bothering her," Janet stated.
"I hadn't thought of that.  You make a lot of sense, Janet.  What do you think could be bothering her?  I don't understand her at all.  With me, she is either fire or ice.  Sometimes I think she likes me a little; then she won't even talk to me.  This is driving me crazy!" Tom sputtered.
"If I had to make a guess I would probably think she's in love, and it isn’t going smoothly.  But, that's only a guess," Janet added quickly.  "Maybe a change of scenery will help her sort out whatever has been making her act so out of character.  She is usually a sweet, even-tempered person, at least, she always used to be."
"I hope she's able to solve her problems.  Her reaction to me is literally driving me crazy.  I've never had trouble controlling my emotions before.  First, I feel like grabbing her arm and shaking  some sense into her.  Then I want to, well, you know what I mean," he added, shrugging his shoulders and shaking his head from side to side.  He dumped the lukewarm contents of his coffee cup, filled it with steaming hot brew before returning to his desk.
"You don't like anything that’s lukewarm, do you, Tom?  Not coffee or women," Janet quipped.
Tom turned and looked thoughtfully at her.  "I never thought about that, but you may be right.  I guess it was the hotness or coldness of her reactions to me that first captured my attention.  Life around Dani is certainly not dull.  Well, since I'm in charge now, I'd better get busy.  Dani sure left a long list of things for us to do."
"Okay, boss.  Break time is over," Janet said with a grin.
After leaving the office, Dani hurried home.  She began making phone calls to France trying to locate the gymnastic equipment and supplies that she would need.  After placing orders for them, she gave them the address of the estate where they would be staying.  The clerk assured her that they would have all the equipment delivered and assembled by Friday, at the latest.  She quickly called the number of the manager of the estate in France.  
“Hello,” she said in French, “my name is Danielle Porter, and I will be acting as coordinator and liasion person for the American men’s Olympic team that will be staying at your villa.  I wanted to check on what I will need to supply and what will need to be brought with the athletes.”
“I will be happy to help you with whatever you need,” a soft spoken voice assured her in fluent French.  “My name is Pierre, and my employer has given instructions that I am to do all that I can to make you and the others welcome.  We will furnish all bedding, food, and transportation to and from the airport, and to the competiton unless you prefer to provide your own. If you will fax me a list of any other things you require, I will let you know if we also be able to provide them.  Although my employer will not be around while you are here, he wants your visit to be perfect.”
“I have already arranged for the gymnastic equipment and supplies to be delivered on Friday.  I will fax you the information, if you need to contact them.  I am so excited and pleased that we will be staying at your estate.  I have heard that it is beautiful.  We will try to be thoughtful and grateful guests.  I look forward to working with you to make this a successful, smooth-running trip,” Dani said.
“I look forward to working with you, Miss Porter, and await your instructions,” Pierre said.
“My friends call me Dani, and I am anxious to meet you.  I know we will talk or fax many times.  Thanks you in advance for all your kind help,” she said.
“Adieu, Dani, merci beaucoup,” Pierre answered.
When Dani hung up the phone, she smiled.  “If everyone is as nice and helpful as Pierre, this will be a wonderful experience. He sounded like a very nice person,” she thought.
Since Dani was still in town, Janet called her at home with some new information about one of the team members. He had been slightly injured and said he would be bringing his own personal trainer.  Dani said, “Thanks for telling me.  I will need to be sure there is room for him.  How are things going at the office?” she asked.
“Everything is getting done.  I miss you, but I know you are going to have a wonderful time.  Tom has your list hanging over his work area, and he is carefully checking the things off your list.  He is a hard worker and is trying to do all that you said needed to be done.  Don’t worry about us.  He sent out a reminder letter and we have received several more contributions to the fund.  When are you actually leaving for France?”  Janet asked.
“We are scheduled to leave on Sunday.  Hopefully, I have everything covered.  The meet is in two weeks, so they will have about 10 days to recover from the travelling and have time to practice before the meet.  I am getting more and more excited about going.  Pierre, the manager of the estate, has been so helpful and friendly.  It seems strange, in a way, to be speaking French, but it has all come back.  I am so thankful Gabby always spoke both French and English with me.”
“Well, call if I can help with anything. Let me know how things are going.  When will you be coming back?” Janet asked.
“We will leave the day after the meet is over.  I’ll call and give you the flight information and a phone number where you can reach me if anything comes up that I need to know about.” Dani said.
“Thanks, Dani.  Have a great time.  Wish I was going with you.  Be sure and take some pictures while you are there.  I want to hear all about it when you return,” Janet said.
“I’ll do that.  See you when I get home,” Dani said as she hung up the phone.
On Sunday morning, Dani arrived at the airport.  She reviewed her checklist to be sure everything was being done correctly. As the people arrived, Dani counted and checked their names off.  All 20 people in the group were present.  There was an air of excitement as they waited to board the plane. After the people and their luggage had been loaded on the jet, Dani sank down in her seat and sighed.  They were all seated in one section of the plane, and Dani listened to the young men laughing and talking together. After the plane had taxied down the runway, Dani braced herself for the takeoff.  The jet’s engine roared into action as the jet lifted off and climbed sharply into the air.  Dani had flown several times before, but the takeoff had always thrilled her.  She thought back over the frantic planning days and was amazed at how smoothly things had gone. The morning had been filled with last minute details, but everyone was on board and they were leaving on time.
Once they were in the air, Dani went over and introduced herself to everyone in the group.  She had talked to them on the phone. But she wanted to greet them in person.  During the flight, Dani sat down and talked to each competitor.  The gymnasts were all young, confident, and friendly.  She went over the housing arrangements and any concerns or questions they might have.  The team members had all travelled together before, and they were all friends as well as competitors.
They included Dani in their good-natured kidding.  Each one seemed to be competing to see who would be the first to date her.  Dani laughed and said, “Sorry, but I don’t date athletes.  They have too many slick moves for me!”
The guys laughed.  Russell said, “We like a challenge.  I’m sure I can win you over.  How about dinner tonight?”
“Dani laughed, “I have a date for tonight already with all of you.  Just be patient.  We’ll be here for ten days.  I’ll let you know when I have a free evening.”
They all groaned and winked.  John said, “That gives us each one night.  How about tomorrow night?”
“No way,” Tim said.  “I’ve got dibs on the first night!”
“Too bad.  I just can’t handle the pressure.  I guess you are all out of luck.  I am booked indefinitely,” Dani grinned.
“Aw, Dani, that’s no fun.  Give me a chance,” Dale said.
“Okay.  You all have the same chance—slim to none.  You are all too much for me to handle.  I’ll just have to pass on the dates.  I could never make up my mind about who to choose.  Let’s just be friends.” Dani said.
Teasing and flirting became the normal way of interacting.  Dani felt flattered that they had accepted her as part of their group.  She decided that light-hearted teasing and humor would be the best way to interact with them.  
When she returned to her seat, she relaxed and dozed off.  After a nap, she woke up and smiled as she realized her new adventure in France was just beginning.
After landing and getting their luggage, the group piled into a group of limousines waiting for them.  The ride from the airport headed through the streets of Paris and gradually left the heart of the city behind.  Soon, they were driving through the countryside.  Dani watched as they drove through beautiful vineyards on each side of the road.  After riding about forty minutes, the cars turned into a long driveway through a wide security gate.  Rounding a curve in the road, they pulled up in front of a huge mansion and stopped.  Dani looked at the front entrance and was amazed at how large and magnificent it was.
She stepped out of the first limo and was greeted by a distinguished man with slightly graying hair.  He stepped forward and bowed.
“Welcome to Villa Dupre.  My name is Pierre and I am pleased to meet you.  You must be Danielle Porter.  It is so nice to meet you in person,” Pierre said with a bow.
“It is wonderful to meet you, too.  I cannot believe how beautiful this place is!  We are so happy to be here.  Let me gather our group together, and I will introduce them to you,” Dani said.
After everyone was introduced, Pierre had his house maids show them to their rooms.  Pierre escorted Dani to her room personally.
“I imagine you are tired after your long flight.  When you are rested, I will be in the den.  I will be at your service.  We have the gymnastic equipment set up in the ballroom.  I hope it will meet with your approval.  Later, if you have any questions, please come to me, and I will do my best to help you,” Pierre said gallantly.
“I am overwhelmed by the magnificence of your home and by your gracious welcome.  Thank you for your help and kindness.  Let me freshen up and relax for a few minutes, and then I will come and find you.  I am too excited to sleep.  I will see you in a few minutes,” she said.
Pierre bowed. “I am at your service, Dani. When you are ready, I will be happy to show you around and answer any questions you might have.”
Chapter 13
The weather was warmer than Dani expected it would be, so she changed into a light-weight summer halter-top dress.  After she was ready, a maid showed her to the den where Pierre was working at a large desk.  When she walked in, he walked over and greeted her.
“What would you like to see or do first?” he asked.
Dani said, “I think I would like to see the gym practice area to be sure it is set up the way our athletes will need to use it.  After that, if you have time, I would love to see more of this amazing estate.  I think I saw a lovely garden when we drove in. I can’t believe we are actually staying in this lovely house.  How can we ever thank our host for his generosity?”
“He will be very pleased that you approve of his efforts.  He does not seek recognition, but he is very generous.  Come, let me show you the way to the ballroom—or, for now, the gymnasium,” Pierre said taking her arm and leading her down the main hallway.
After looking over the practice facility, Pierre showed her around the first floor of the mansion.  He led her outside and she saw a huge swimming pool surrounded by large white marble statues of men and women in flowing robes.  Walking past the pool area, he led her into a formal garden with neatly manicured paths leading off in several directions.  
“You may wander in the gardens at your leisure.  It is large, but all the pathways loop around and lead back to this point.  At this time of year, the roses are in bloom and are well worth exploring.  The pool and all the other areas are also at your disposal.  There are ample towels at the pool, and there are even some bathing suits if you failed to bring any.  Please, make yourself at home while you are here.  We normally have lunch at noon and dinner is served at 6 pm. Breakfast begins at 6:30 and is served until 10:30.  Will that suit you and our other guests?” he asked.
“That sounds fine to me.  Since the athletes are all in training, they generally go to bed fairly early.  Those times should fit their schedules very nicely. Thank you again, Pierre, for all your help,” Dani said with a smile.
“It is my pleasure.  If you need anything, I am frequently in the den, or one of the maids will show you to where I am.  I hope you enjoy your stay here with us,” he said when he left her.
At dinner that night, Dani announced the time for meals and discussed their practice times and schedules.  She told them they were free to use the pool, exercise and weight training room, and tennis courts. 
“If you need anything else, please talk to me and I will check on them for you.  Thanks, in advance, for being considerate and careful so we do not damage or disturb anything here.  Have a great time and get ready for the competition,” Dani announced. 
Dani looked at the confusion of activity swirling around her in the huge ballroom that had been converted into a gymnastic practice area.  She could feel a trickle of sweat running down her back as she watched in admiration while the team members continued practicing in spite of the unusually warm temperature around them.  The immense estate where they were staying and in practicing in before the competition  on Saturday in Paris, was more beautiful than any place she had ever been before,  but, unfortunately,  it wasn't air-conditioned or wasn’t used to this much activity in the warm hours of the afternoon.  
Dani looked around at the contrast between the ornately carved ceiling panels. The elegant furniture that normally was arranged in the ballroom had been pushed along the walls to make room for the starkly modern lines of the apparatus and mats that had been set up more than a week before their arrival.  The gleaming chrome bars of the equipment stood in sharp contrast to the faded, but still magnificent, tapestries that hung along the walls.
"Dani," John called as he finished his floor exercises,  "did you solve our heating problem yet?  I am beginning to melt.  Then I even get hotter looking at you standing there in that sundress," he added with a suggestive leer.
"You don't have a heating problem, John, from what I've heard, you're always heated up about something--usually someone wearing a dress," Dani kidded back.
"False rumors, Dani.  Don't believe everything you hear from the others.  They're just jealous.  Come out to dinner with me tonight.  Let me show you what a charmer I can be," John answered with a smile.
"Sure, John, I'll have dinner with you," Dani said, watching his face carefully as she quickly added, "and all the others, too.  Remember, you're in training.  Keep your mind on the meet."
“It's hard concentrating on anything with you looking so pretty all the time," he grumbled.
"I'm sorry.  I'll go change into a flour sack," Dani quipped.
"Even that wouldn't hide how beautiful you are," John said.
"Leave her alone, John," Tony called from the pommel horse.  "Dani's crazy about me.  Anyway, you don't stand a chance."
"You guys are both out of luck.  I can tell she's wild about me," Russell said as he wandered by.
"You guys are all so wonderful! I can't choose just one of you.  I guess you're all stuck with me, at least until after the meet.  I'm going to go check on the heat  again and try to find some way to cool off this building.  I'll leave now so all of you love starved males can cool off," Dani called back as she left the ballroom.  A chorus of wolf whistles echoed down the hall as she walked away.
Walking down the long hallway toward the dining room, Dani smiled at the kidding relationship that had developed between her and the young men who made up the gymnastic team.  Each of them had flirted with her since they had arrived in France.  They were all so young and so friendly that kidding seemed to be the safest way to keep the flirting under control.
In a way, it made her feel good that they had accepted her into their group so naturally.  She felt like a big sister to them.  One of them had made a serious pass at her, but she had firmly, but gently stopped it, making sure it wouldn't happen again.
A slight blush crept up her neck as she realized she had compared that one unexpected kiss to Tom's kiss.  At the thought of Tom, Dani felt a deep sadness wash over her.  She was glad to be away from the office and Tom.  She needed the teasing and the flirting and all the problems that cropped up to keep her from sinking into a depression as she thought of Tom, who was probably getting closer to marrying Melanie with each passing day.
Pierre smiled and stood up as Dani walked into the kitchen where he sat going over the household accounts.
"Bon jour, Dani,” he greeted her warmly.  "How are you?  How can I help you today?"
"The ballroom is so hot and stuffy, Pierre.  Is there any way to get more air circulating inside that part of the building?"  Dani asked quickly.
"It isn't usually so warm at this time of year," he added apologetically.
“I realized that, but can you think of anything that might help?  It is warm just standing in there, but our athletes have to exercise in that heat.  I would  hate to see them do poorly because I didn't make their surroundings as comfortable as possible.  I'm not complaining.  Everything here has been so wonderful.  I don't understand how the person who owns this estate can stand to be away from it.  It's the most beautiful place I've ever seen, and I don't see how we can ever thank you or repay him for his generosity.  I just hate seeing the team suffering with the heat," Dani added sadly.
“I understand what you mean.  This is a beautiful place," Pierre agreed with a nod of his head.  "As you know, my employer is more than a little eccentric.  He never lets anyone see his face.  I'm sure he isn't disfigured, and he is too young to worry about wrinkles.  He's not sickly either, but he guards his privacy fanatically.  I will try to get in touch with him right away.  He may have a suggestion that I haven't thought about.  In the meantime, I will instruct the maids to open all the windows in that wing of the house."
"Thanks for all your help, Pierre. You have been wonderful to all of us.  I couldn't have managed any of this without your kind help," Dani added with a quick smile.
"It has been my pleasure," he answered gallantly kissing her hand.   About twenty minutes later, Pierre approach Dani in the ballroom.  "Help is on the way.  I talked to my employer.  He told me to rent some huge portable air-conditioning units installed intermediately.  I've already placed the order, and they should be here any time.  He expressed his sadness at the discomfort and inconvenience this has caused you and the team.  He will be arriving here on Saturday afternoon and wants to give a banquet in honor of the gymnastic’s team and you.  That is very unusual for him to appear at a social event like this.  I must warn you that he will be totally covered, and you must not try to see behind the veil he wears or ask any personal questions of him."
"Of course, I'll respect his privacy, and I'll explain it to all of the team members also.  I'm glad I will have the chance to thank him personally for his generosity," Dani added.
"I'm sure he will be delighted to meet you.  He is a very generous man and has helped many others before this.  I wish there was a way to help him be happier than he has been lately," Pierce said softly, "but he insists on total separation from people. Sometimes he lets someone get close, but only on his terms and then not very often.  Sometimes I sense a deep loneliness in him.  Please don't repeat what I've said, but I really care about him."
"Of course, I won't say anything to anyone.  If I can help, please let me know.  I understand being alone and have felt lonely too," Dani admitted with it the sigh.
That night at dinner, Dani listen to the easy bantering of the athletes. After everyone had eaten, she told them about the banquet in their honor on Saturday night after the meet.  They listened to her instructions about not trying to discover the identity of the person who had provided the place for them to stay and even paid for all of their food and traveling expenses.  Most of the team wanted to go out celebrating after the dinner. Dani listened as they planned their celebration.  They all invited her to go along, but Dani turned down their invitations.
After dinner each night, Dani went to her room to read.  The evenings were long and quiet since all the athletes were in training and had to be in bed very early.  The night times for her were the hardest.  No matter how hard she tried, her thoughts kept returning to Tom.  Without wanting to, she had fallen in love with him.  Even knowing what Melanie had told her about Tom, she felt hurt and used, but she still loved him.
With a moan, Dani buried her face in her pillow and cried.  She cried for a love that never would be and for Tom marrying a scheming unfeeling woman like Melanie.  Remembering how happy and loving her parents had been, she hated the thought of anyone getting married just for money or social position.
"I must find a way to stop him from falling into her clutches.  In spite of what he tried to do to me, no one should be driven into a loveless marriage because of money.  I've got a find a way to keep him from giving in to her, but how?  He needs money to finish his schooling and get started in his career, and that's one thing I sure don't have," she sighed as she fell into a fitful sleep.  In her dreams, Tom lifted her up and carried her to the large canopy bed she was sleeping in.  When she reached out to pull him closer, he disappeared and Melanie appeared and laughed at her.  Dani woke with a muffled scream and felt the tears flowing down her face.
The day of the competition had been a hectic blur for Dani.  They had arrived early at the gymnasium, and Dani had been rushing between the event venues with each of the team members.  By the time the event was over, the team had earned several medals.  John and Russell had earned gold medals in floor exercise and in pommel horse.  Tim was awarded a silver in high bars and a bronze in vault. The team had placed in all events.  When they got back to the estate, everyone was tired, but very excited.  The banquet in their honor was set for eight that night.  They all went to relax for a while and then get ready for the party.
When Dani walked into the gaily decorated banquet room on Saturday night, she gasped in surprise at the huge balloon bouquet and flowers that John and Tony handed her.  They escorted her to the head of the long table.
"A toast to Dani, our Fair Lady, for all the work she's done to make our stay here so great!"  Russell proclaimed with a grin and a mock salute.
"Thanks, guys.  I am speechless," Dani stammered.
"That will be the day!"  called John.  "Seriously, Dani, we really do appreciate all the problems you've handled for us.  Our great performances today were possible, in large part, due to your help."
"That's right.  Your refusing to go out with us forced us to stay in training!  But now that the meet is over, how about going out with us for some dancing and fun?"  Tony asked quickly.
"I'm really flattered, boys, but I'm sure you'd be too much for me to handle.  I love you all, but I'm going to turn in early tonight.  Just remember, our plane leaves tomorrow at 1:00 pm.  Soon we’ll be heading for home, it's back to work for me. I'd better get some rest. Trying to keep up with you guys has been exhausting, but worth every crazy minute.  I'm so proud of all of you.  You did so well today at the meet!  What are you going  to do with all those medals?  The metal detectors at the airport will go crazy when you guys try to get on the plane," she added with a giggle.
"Come and go with us, Dani.  Go out with me tonight, and you can wear my gold-medal," John offered.
"Sorry, John, but if I didn't earn it, it wouldn't be right for me to wear it," Dani added.
"I think I can figure out a way for you to earn it.  Now, that could he be easily arranged," he said with a lopsided grin and a raised eyebrow.
"Give it up John.  She's too smart to go out with you, not even for a dozen gold medals," Russell quipped.
"You guys are too much!  Go on out and have a great time.  You all really earned it.  I'm sure all the local girls will be duly impressed by your medals, your muscles, and your charm.  Just remember our plane leaves at 1 PM tomorrow," Dani reminded them.
"I thought our host was going to be here tonight," John said sadly.
"He did arrive at the estate this afternoon, but he wasn't able to make the dinner.  Pierre said he was very proud of your performance at today's meet, and that he wishes you continued health and success," Dani said.
"I'm sorry we didn't get a chance to thank him.  This has been the nicest place I’ve ever been at before a competition.  I hope he knows how much we appreciate all he did for us," Russell said.
"I agree, too," Dani added.  “I hope before we leave that I will be able to express our thanks for his hospitality and generosity.  Have fun, and be careful.
Chapter 14
After the dishes were cleared away, Dani smiled as the guys wandered off.  Their plans called for a trip to town to check out a local dance club.  She gave each of them a hug and a sisterly kiss on the cheek and watched them climb into a long white limousine.  She waved at them as it pulled away.
Pierre greeted her as she came back inside.  "My employer wonders if you would join him in the library for an after dinner drink.  He seems very sad tonight, and he did not feel up to attending a party.  Let me warn you he will be completely covered, and he does not allow anyone to see his face.  In this heat, he prefers to be in a darkened room, but if that would bother you.  He will keep the covering on.  He is a good and generous man.  Would you be so kind as to meet with him?"  Pierre asked.
"Of course, I will him be glad to meet with him on his terms.  If he prefers a darkened room, that would be fine with me.  Even if the lights are on, I will honor his wishes and not try to see his face," Dani added quickly.
Pierre led the way down the long empty corridor to a small doorway on the right.  Knocking softly, he announced her arrival.
A soft, hoarse voice told him to enter.  As Dani walked in, the light from the hallway pierced the darkness of the room, and she could see him, a seated figure covered by a loose hooded white robe that concealed his face and body.  Pierre led her to a small sofa.  After she was seated, he poured and handed her a glass of red wine. He placed a filled glass on the table next to the hooded man.  After the wine was served, Pierre excused himself and left, pulling the outside door shut behind him.  As the door closed out the light from the hall, the darkness in the room seem to swallow up everything.
In a soft, hoarse voice, the man spoke in halting French. "Thank you for accepting my invitation.  I have been looking forward to meeting you, Ms. Porter.  I have heard so many good things about you and the work you have done here. Pierre and the staff have spoken very highly of you and our other guests. You should be proud of them and of your ability to organize it on such short notice.  Please excuse my need for darkness.  I have my reasons, and they are strictly personal ones for not being seen by anyone.  Does the darkness bother you?"  he asked hesitantly.
"No, it is fine with me.  You have been so wonderful, so generous, to allow all of us to stay here in your beautiful home.  Sitting in a darkened room is the least I could do to repay your kindness.  In some ways, the darkness is rather restful," she added.
"Thank you for being so understanding of my need for privacy.  I'm glad I was able to help with the Olympic Spirit campaign.  I am quite impressed with the team and with the way you handled their actions to you at dinner.”
"Were you there?”  Dani asked.
"I was in another room, but I watched and heard everything.  The young men seemed very smitten with you.  I can understand why.  You are very beautiful and very kind with them," he said softly.
"They are all nice young men.  They really like to flirt and have fun.  I hope you didn't take it seriously.  I feel like their older sister," she added.
"Yes, but I don't know if they saw you as their older sister.  It would be difficult to see your beauty and think of you in a sisterly way," he replied.
"Thank you for the compliment, but can we change the subject. I think I’m blushing from all of the complements."
"Of course, I'm sorry if I embarassed you.  I didn't want to make you feel uncomfortable.  Please, tell me about yourself," he said.
"There is not much to tell.  I manage the Public Relations Department of International Data Systems.  I helped organize the Olympic Spirit Campaign.  When they needed someone to help out here who could speak French, I volunteered. My mother was French, and I grew up speaking both English and French.  As soon as I leave here, I'm going back to work in our San Francisco office," Dani answered.
“That is just facts and figures, Danielle.  May I called you Danielle?" he asked hesitantly.
"If you wish, but my friends call me Dani," she added.
"Danielle fits you better.  It is the name of a woman, not a little boy.  Forgive me, Danielle. I am a man who speaks his mind.  I do not know you well, but I sense something is bothering you.  I saw it in your eyes, even when the others were teasing you earlier.  Why are you so sad?  What is it that is making you so unhappy?"
"I don't know what you mean," Dani stammered.
"Please, Danielle, do not be offended.  Take it from one who is often alone and more often lonely, I can feel your hurt and loneliness.  Sometimes it helps to share pain with another who understands.  I am a good listener.  I have loved and I have lost before.  Tell me what is hurting you, please," his soft voice came through the darkness like a gentle caress of a warm spring breeze.
Dani took another deep sip of her wine.  She had already had two glasses of wine with dinner.  The third glass was making her feel relaxed and mellow. The darkness surrounded her like a black velvet cocoon.  She closed her eyes, and an image of Tom floated out of her mind to mock her.
"You are very perceptive.  Most people don't see my feelings.  I've kept them bottled up inside me for so long.  I'm afraid to let them out."
"Trust me, Danielle.  I will not hurt you, little one,” he whispered.
"There is someone at home that I love.  Sometimes he seems to want me, but he's engaged to someone else.  I know he can never be mine, but I can't seem to stop loving him.  I came here hoping to pull him out of my heart, but I haven't been able to stop thinking of him."
"He is a fool to not return your love," he rasped angrily.
"He doesn't know how I feel.  I can never tell him I love him.  He belongs to someone else, so I must force myself to forget him," she sighed sadly.
"No wonder you look so sad.  I, too, love someone, but she pushes me away with her actions. Danielle we are kindred spirits, each one of us longing for the one that we love.  I must have seen a reflection of my own loneliness in your eyes," he remarked.
"I'm sorry you are unhappy, too," Dani added touched by the sadness in his voice.
"Danielle, will you indulge the whim of a lonely man?  Dance with me.  Please, I feel so alone tonight," he asked hesitantly.
Dani took another sip of wine. She let it slide down her throat.  "Yes, if you wish, I will dance with you."
He reached over and turned on some music,  and a slow ballad began playing. He rose to his feet and reached out his hand and touched her shoulder.  She reached up and put her hand into his.  He helped her stand up and slowly drew her loosely into his arms.
"Would you mind if I remove these outer robes?”  he asked.  “They are very warm and uncomfortable in weather like this," he said.
"That's all right with me, if it is more comfortable for you," she answered.
He quickly pulled the robe off and tossed it onto the sofa.  He pulled her gently into his arms again.  They stood silently in the center the room.  Gradually, he began moving slowly in the darkness as a gentle melody surrounded them.  He pulled her closer.  They swayed together and began moving.  Slowly, her hands moved up to his neck.  She rested her head on his shoulder.  When the music ended, they remained together swaying against each other.  When the next song came on, Dani tensed as she heard the strains of the song she and Tom had first danced to.  The sound drifted into her ears out of the darkness.  Overcome with sadness, she trembled and began to cry silently.
"Hush, my little one.  Everything will be all right.  You are safe here with me.  You are loved and cared for.  I am here for you.  Don't cry," he crooned into her ear.
Dani felt safe and comforted by the strength of his arms and the closeness of his body.  She leaned against him and her arms went around him.  His mouth came down and gently kissed her forehead.  She felt his hands smoothing her hair.  His fingers wiped away her tears before tilting her chin up.  His mouth moved down and kissed her eyes, her cheeks, before finally capturing her lips slowly and tenderly.  With a moan, it deepened into a longing need that gently forced her lips apart.  His tongue slipped inside her mouth, darting in and slowly setting her on fire.
As a warm moistness flowed through her body, she clung to him pressing against him.  His hands moved down, touching, exploring, and gently caressing her.  Dani surrendered to the emotions washing over her and returned his kiss with an aching need of her own. She felt lightheaded and dizzy, not really sure of the cause: the wine, the music, the darkness, or the feel of his strong, lean body pressing against hers.  Dani sighed and tangled her fingers into his thick, wavy hair.
"Oh, my little one," his voice moaned hoarsely in her ear.  "I need you.  Let me love you tonight, Danielle. Help ease my loneliness."
Dani turned her face and responded to his lonely need with a kiss that left no question of what her answer was.  He pressed his body against hers, letting her feel the full extent of his need.
He led her slowly through the darkness to the sofa.  His hands moved with tender possessiveness over her body.  She shivered as she felt the zipper on her dress being pulled down, and her dress slipped to the floor.  Soon her bra and panties joined the rest. He pulled her close.  He dropped down before her and found the swollen fullness of her smooth, round breasts with his mouth. His tongue flicked over the tender nipple while his hands continued exploration.  He gently laid her down onto the sofa. With a quick movement, he pulled off his clothes and laid down next to her.  He pulled her body against his, and began the slow devastating touching and teasing that left her squirming and moaning with desire.  His mouth covered hers.  With a deep, passion-filled kiss, his hand reached the soft furry mound between her legs.  His hand slipped into the warm moistness, touching, teasing, and preparing the way for the final union that could no longer be postponed.  He rolled her over onto her back and covered her body with his.  He moved her legs apart with his knees.  With slow deliberate movements, he brushed against her.
Dani hid her face against the warm strength of his chest while she was overcome with wave after wave of strange exciting feelings sweeping over her.  Feeling his hand stroking her where no one had ever touched before, she moved with the strength of the longing his caress had aroused in her.
"I want you," she moaned in her voice thick with desire.  "Be gentle, mon amour, but love me," she groaned as she arched her body against his.  "Now, please, now.  I need you," she gasped, pulling his body closer.
As she pressed against him, she trembled feeling his hands everywhere on her body while Tom's face and memory filled her mind and soul.  She gave herself up to the fantasies that his image aroused in her mind.  She silently cried, "Tom, Tom, if only this was you!"
With exquisite tenderness, he slowly joined them.  Her body stiffened, and she cried as he pushed into her virgin depths.  Her fingers dug into his shoulders as his movements increased in intensity and speed.  Just when she felt she was about to explode, he pulled back with a groan and began the climb to an even higher peak.
She pressed her body against him trying to completely enclose him within the throbbing core of her being.  He cried out a half animal moaning as he plunged into her again and again.  In a rising tide of emotion, they spiraled upwards to a shattering explosion of sensation.  Holding her tightly in his arms, legs intertwined, they began the slow drifting back down to earth together.
No words were spoken.  None were needed.  His arms and body spoke to hers, and she responded to his touch.  He kissed her a gentle kiss of love and tenderness.  In the quiet darkness, reality began to return to Dani senses.  With a sense of reluctance, they separated.  She could hear the sound of him moving away, and the soft whisper of his zipper.  His voice was so soft that she barely heard it.
“Danielle, my dearest one, no one has ever made me feel like that before.  I am dressed now.  I am going leave you alone for a time to get dressed.  I will turn on the light as I leave, but I will return in a few minutes.  Please stay here until I come back for you," he whispered.
After a few seconds, she saw the door to the hallway open and the hooded figure disappeared behind the closing door.  As soon as he was gone, she reached down with trembling hands and picked up her clothes.  Her hands were shaking so badly, she could barely get the zipper closed.  She smoothed her wrinkled dress with her hands as she sat on the couch awaiting his return.  In a few minutes, she heard a soft tapping at the door.
"Come in," she said with a sudden shyness.
He walked into the room, hidden behind the thick folds of the hooded garment.  He moved silently over to stand beside her.  Dani watched as he placed a dark blue velvet box on her lap.  She looked up at him, unable to the even see his eyes.
"For you, my precious one, this is for you for giving me the most wonderful gift you possess.  I have never known anyone as delightful or as beautiful as you.  Please take this gift.  Possessions and money mean nothing to me.  All is worthless, compared to the joy  and comfort that you gave me tonight."
With trembling hands, Dani opened the box.  She gasped when she saw a necklace of diamonds and emeralds tucked inside.  "I can't accept this.  It is too valuable.  After what we did, I cannot take this," she protested, a deep blush spreading across her shoulders and face.
"Please, do not insult my offer.  This gift is of little value to me.  The comfort and happiness you gave me, the joy and love I felt tonight, was a thousand times more precious than any necklace.  You must take it. It is not a payment, but a gift from my heart to yours. If it is not enough, I will give you more," he added.
"No, that isn't it.  This is too much.  I don't want to insult you, but please, you don't have to give me anything.  Please take it back," Dani begged.
"No, Danielle, it is yours!  If you don't want it, dispose of it any way you wish.  No more talk about it," he added quickly.  "Come now, I will escort you to your room.  Your plane leaves tomorrow afternoon, I believe."
"Yes, at one o'clock tomorrow.  I don't know what to say.  I've never done that before,"  she stammered uncertainly.
"Come, Danielle, there is no need to feel embarrassed or shy.  Something as wonderful as what we shared could only be good.  It is growing late.  Let me see you to your room."
At the door to her room, he pulled her into his embrace and held her tenderly.  Without speaking, slowly he released her and ushered her into the room.  He hugged her one more time, then turned slowly and left.
As the door closed behind him, Dani heard the soft sound of his footsteps moving away from her room, down the hall and out of her life.
Chapter 15
Dani moved noiselessly across the thick carpet to collapse across the huge canopy bed.  Making no attempt to remove her wrinkled dress, she sank into the soft welcoming mattress and silken comforter.  As she lay in the dimly lit bedroom, a feeling of peace enveloped her.  Her finger touched her love swollen lips.  A sigh escaped as she remembered the tender passion of her mysterious host.
A sudden thought interrupted her thoughts.  "I don't even know his name.  All I know is he touched me in ways I had never even known were possible."
The thought jolted her back to reality.  "How could I have allowed a stranger to make love to me?  How could I let him touch me like that?  What kind of person am I to have responded so deeply or enjoyed his caresses so much!"  Dani thought with a sudden blush.  "How can I love Tom and give myself to another man like that?"
Dani got up and quickly removed her clothes.  She turned the shower on and waited until billows of steam filled the room before stepping under the hot spray. The light fragrance of jasmine rose from the soap as she carefully scrubbed her body.  The warm water poured over her washing away all traces of the soap but still leaving her tingling with the memory of her recent lovemaking.
Climbing out of the shower, she studied her body in the cloudy mirror.  "It's funny," she thought.  "I look the same on the outside, but I feel so different inside."  She wrapped herself in the soft folds of the huge bath towel and returned to the bedroom.
She pulled a peach colored gown with a beige lacy trim around her to drape softly over her body before she climbed between the silken sheets.  Turning out the lights, her mind was filled with troubled thoughts.  Gradually a feeling of tiredness settled over her, and she fell into a deep sleep.
The sound of someone knocking at the door woke her the next morning.  She stretched and pulled on her dressing gown before opening the door.
The maid entered carrying her breakfast on an intricately engraved silver tray.  Besides the food, a single red rose rested next to the plate.
"My employer sent me to see if you needed anything this morning.  He will not be able to see you before you leave, but he sends his greetings and this breakfast," she explained with a quick curtsy.
Dani took a sip of the orange juice.  "That is delicious," she murmured contentedly.  "That is just what I was thirsty for this morning.  Thank you."
"Would you like me to finish packing for you?" the maid asked.
"Thanks for the offer, but I am nearly packed.  If you want to finish the last few things in the closet and dresser drawers, I would have time to take a final stroll through the Rose Garden," Dani answered.
"Of course, Mademoiselle.  It would be my pleasure," she added with a smile.
Dani quickly finished dressing and went down into the formal garden area.  She drew in a deep breath and felt a sense of contentment settle over her.  The aroma of the roses filled the air as she slowly walked along the deserted pathways.  The sun felt warm on her back and she sighed.  At the doorway, she turned and took one last look before entering the villa.
When Dani returned to her bedroom, her suitcases were packed and waiting by the door.  Her purse, coat, and the dark blue velvet jewelry case were on her bed.  Dani picked up the jewelry case, moved over to stand beside the window, and she looked inside.  The necklace looked even richer and more beautiful in the morning light that streamed in through the open curtains.  She fingered the stones, watching them sparkle in the sunlight.  Although gorgeous, the stones felt oddly cold to her fingers.
Dani closed the case and slipped it into her purse.  Checking her watch, she began gathering up her luggage.  A knock on the door interrupted her.
Pierre greeted her warmly.  "Good morning, Dani.  Was your breakfast satisfactory?" he asked with a smile.  
"Yes, it was delicious and very thoughtful of you to send it to me," Dani answered.
"You are thanking the wrong person, Dani.  I did not think to do it.  My employer ordered it for you.  I am here on a special mission for him," he explained in response to her puzzled expression.
"What can I do for you, Pierre.  I was just getting ready to leave," Dani added nervously.
“You still have some time before you must leave to catch a plane.  The limousines will get you there in plenty of time.  I have a letter for you.  I was told to give it to you personally and to wait for an answer," he said as he handed her a sealed envelope.
Dani's hand trembled slightly as she broke the seal and took the pale blue paper out of the envelope.  She silently scanned the neat printing inside.
"My dearest Danielle, please forgive me for not coming to talk to you in person.  I was not brave enough to face you and tell you what is in my heart today.  Words can never express what last night meant to me.  After getting to know you, I do not want you to leave.  Please stay here with me.  I will do whatever you ask.  I will give you whatever you desire.  You will be free to come and go as you please and to travel.  Money, furs, jewels will be yours for the asking.  This necklace is a small sample of the treasures I will give to you if you will only stay and be my companion.  Say the word and all the wealth you desire will be yours.  I will take care of all your wants and needs, if you will stay.  Give your answer to Pierre.  He is trustworthy and discrete.  I anxiously await your answer," the letter said.
Dani stared at the paper.  She shook her head as she read the words again.  She sank down into a chair and closed her eyes.  
"Are you all right, Dani?"  Pierre asked quickly moving to her side.
"Just terribly surprised," she answered softly.  Dani looked around at the opulent surroundings.  With a shock, she realized this could all be hers if she just stayed here.  She'd never have to worry about money, or working, or paying for her mother’s medical bills.  She could do all the things she had dreamed about.
"He said I was to bring him your answer.  Have you decided what to do?"  Pierre asked.
Dani opened her eyes and discovered they were moist with tears.  "Just give me a few minutes to write my answer."
Picking up a pen, Dani thought for a moment and began writing on the back of his note.
"Mon ami, I am shocked and deeply touched by your generous offer.  Last night was the most wonderful night of my life. I had never been with a man before, and I was overwhelmed by the way you made me feel.  I will never forget it or you, but I must refuse your offer.  It is very tempting, and not just because of the wealth you offered.  No one has ever made me feel like you did.  You could give me all the riches in the world, but it would still not by what we both want and need--the total love of the one we hold in our hearts.  My parents had that kind of love.  They never had much money, but their love for each other made their life completely worth living.  You said you already love another woman. She is in your heart. You deserve more than a substitute for her.  I could never take her place, because she is already in your heart.  I do not need a lot of money to be happy.  You will probably think I'm a fool, but I cannot stay with you since I do not love you in the way you deserve.  I hope you will understand why I must refuse.  You need to find that love.  I pray you will find happiness with the one who fills your dreams.  Thank you, for the amazing night of comfort and passion we shared.  You are warm, kind, and generous, but my heart already belongs to someone else.  I pray things will work out for both of you and for me.  May you find great joy and peace.  As always, your friend Danielle."
Dani re-read the letter, placed it in the envelope and handed it back to Pierre.  "Please give this to your employer right away."
"Are you still leaving?" he asked quietly.
"Yes, I am.  Please see that he gets my letter," Dani added sadly.
Pierre called one of the servants to take Dani's bags to the limousine.  He escorted her to the car where she was joined by several members of the gymnastic’s team.  Tears filled her eyes as the car pulled out of the driveway, but she quickly blinked them back.
Soon Dani buckled herself into one of the seats on the jet.  She felt the raw power of the jet engines as it quickly climbed in the air.  Soon it soared over the ocean, taking her back to San Francisco, and her job and life there.  She put on earphones, closed her eyes, and thought back over all that had happened to her in France.
Glancing at the necklace box, she realized there was no place she could ever wear it.  It was worth a fortune and was very beautiful, but it was of no possible use to her as jewelry.
"This necklace could never be as warm and comforting as his kisses, caresses, or the way he made me feel.  I don't need this necklace to help me remember the wonder of that night we shared," she thought.  Suddenly an idea popped into her head.  She smiled slowly as she thought it over.
"He said I could use this anyway I wanted, or even dispose of it.  This may be the answer to Tom’s problem.  This is worth enough to finish paying for all of Tom’s schooling.  If he had that much money, he wouldn't have to marry Melanie.  That would leave him free to stop working so hard and get started on his career.  I don't know how I can convince him to take it, but I'll figure something out," Dani decided happily, pleased with her decision.  With a deep sigh, she put the case back into her purse, closed her eyes, and drifted off to sleep again.  A few hours later, she felt a hand gently touching her shoulder.
Slowly she opened her eyes and looked up at Tony's smiling face.  "I hated to distribute your beauty sleep, although you are amazingly beautiful already, but it's nearly time for us to land in San Francisco.  I'm transferring directly on to Chicago.  I wanted to thank you again for all you did to help make our trip so successful," Tony said with a grin.  With a warm smile, she gripped his hand and pulled him to sit down next to her.  She held his hand gently in hers as they talked.  "I feel so lucky I got to know you and all the others on this team.  I will be cheering for you as you continue competing.  I really admire your dedication and hard work.  You know what you want, and you're doing your best to get it," Dani added proudly.
"I don’t always get what I want, but I am working at it. I get the feeling you know what you want in life, too, Dani.  I hope you get what you desire," Tony said, squeezing her hand.  
“Thanks, Tony,” she whispered, "Please take care of yourself."
One by one, the other team members came up and said their goodbyes to Dani.  "My biggest regret is that you never went out with me, but I will always think about you for all you did to help me.  I really did want to get to know you much better, and I don’t regret kissing you, either.  I really like you, Dani,” Russell whispered.
“You are very special and I know you will find that perfect girl.  I am flattered that you were interested in me.  I won’t forget you,” Dani said giving him a hug and a kiss on the cheek.
Tim waited patiently for his turn.  “Tim, your routine on the parallel bars was absolute perfection!  If you can do that during the Olympic Games, no one will be able to beat you.  I am so proud of you, and I feel honored to have been there to help you during this last meet.  I will be following you and cheering for you and the others."  
She gathered her carry-on luggage, and headed for the gate.  The others, anxious to get back to America, joined her near the exit.  She gave each one a final hug and kissed their cheeks.
 By the time the plane finish taxiing up to the boarding gate, Dani and the other athletes with their carry-on luggage were lined up at the door.  Before the door opened so they could leave the plane, the intercom came on and the captain said, "Ladies and gentlemen, we have been privileged to carry the American men's gymnastic team on this flight.  They had a very successful meet in France, and we want to congratulate them and wish them God speed in all that they do.  Let's give them a hand, before they walk out."
While the group stood in the aisle waiting for the doors to open, Dani heard applause.  Looking towards the back of the plane, she saw that all of the passengers were standing, clapping, and waving at the young athletes.
When the door opened, the team saluted the passengers and shouted  “Thank you,” before they walked out of the plane down the hallway into the airport terminal.  Dani felt tears in her eyes as she walked along with this group of remarkable young men.  At the end of the tunnel, they were steered into the customs office to screen all people returning from Europe.
The young men answered a few questions and were allowed to pass through the customs area with no further delay.  When Dani was asked if she had anything to declare that she was bringing into the country from France, Dani answered truthfully and handed them the jewelry case.  After looking inside the case, she was taken into a small office.
Chapter 16
Dani was delayed at the customs office while the officers checked out her carry-on luggage and the necklace, which she carried in her hand.  The necklace caused quite a stir of excitement.  As they were discussing its exact value, Dani handed them a Certificate of Ownership and Appraisal papers that Pierre had given to her just before she left the house.  After examining the papers, the officers finally signaled her through.  The papers stated that all duty on the necklace had already been paid.
Dani turned wearily to walk towards the baggage claim area.  As she reached out to take her suitcases off the revolving carousel, a large hand closed over hers.  Looking up quickly, she saw Tom looming over her.
“I’ll take that for you,” he said quickly.  “I was beginning to think you missed the plane.  What took you so long?  Most of the other passengers are long gone.”
She stared up at him, her mouth open in surprise.  He laughed softly before he bent down and pressed his lips over hers.  She was too shocked at seeing him to protest.
“Why did you do that?” she gasped.
“Well, I didn’t want you to swallow a fly!  I had to close your mouth some way, didn’t I?” he kidded.
He looked into her eyes and smiled.  Slowly his mouth closed over hers again.  He pulled her into his arms and kissed her again.  When Dani pulled back, he relaxed his embrace, but kept one arm protectively around her shoulder.
“Why did you kiss me again?” she asked.
“Because you’re so beautiful, and I have missed you so much.  Besides, I really enjoy kissing you,” he added giving her another hug.  “Come along, Dani.  My car is waiting outside.  I’ll bet you’re terribly tired.  It’s a long flight,” he said as he steered her towards the outside 
He deposited her luggage in the trunk, and then helped her into the passenger side door.  She sank back into the seat as he turned his car out of the parking area through the evening traffic and headed towards her apartment building.
“How did you know when I was arriving?” Dani asked timidly.
“I have my ways of finding out things that are important to me.  I’ve really missed you terribly, Dani,” he said reaching over to squeeze her hand.
“I missed you, too,” Dani admitted softly.
“Thanks.  I was hoping to hear you say that.  I couldn’t wait until Monday to see you.  We have things to talk about,” he said solemnly.
“For once, I agree with you,” Dani added. “Do you realize, we’ve been together at least twenty minutes, and we haven’t fought over anything.  That’s nearly a record for us!” she kidded.
Tom glanced over at her with a broad grin.  “Our relationship has certainly never been dull!  Sparks have flown between us from our first meeting. It has been either  fire or ice.  The fighting has been interesting, but I think making up is much more fun.  Seriously, I couldn’t stop thinking about you.  The office didn’t seem the same without you. Even though I think Janet is great, it was not the same without you.  Do you feel rested enough to talk for a while tonight?”
“I did sleep some on the flight home.  I think I can stay awake a while longer,” Dani said.
Tom maneuvered his car into a parking space on the steep hill outside Dani’s building.  He walked around the car and helped her out.  Grabbing her suitcases, he followed her up the steps to the entrance.  Dani pulled the key out of her purse.  She collected the mail from her mailbox, and they headed up the stairs to her apartment.  Turning the key, she pushed the door open.  Tom followed her inside.
“Where do you want me to put these suitcases?” he asked.
Dani closed the door and pointed down a short hallway to a door on the right.  “Just put them in my bedroom,” she said as she hung up her coat.
“I’ve always wondered what your bedroom would look like,” Tom said.  “I’ve tried to imagine it for some time.  Now I know.”
Dani tried to ignore his teasing tone, but something in his eyes and smile stopped her breath.  “Would you like some coffee, beer, or wine? I think that’s about all I have in my apartment now,” she offered.
“Some wine sounds good, if it isn’t too much trouble,” he answered.
When Dani returned from the kitchen with two glasses of red wine, she found Tom seated on her sofa.  He had pulled his tie off and stuffed it into his jacket pocket before tossing his jacket onto the back of a nearby chair.
“I hope you don’t mind my getting a little more comfortable, but it has been a long, tiring day for me, too,” he apologized.
“Just don’t get too comfortable.  The sofa doesn’t make up into a bed,” she teased.
“Don’t worry.  I’m not planning on spending the night on your sofa,” he said patting the cushion next to him.  Dani handed him a glass of wine and then sat down on the other end of the sofa.
They each took a sip of wine and a deep breath before speaking.  Their voices overlapped as they both began talking at the same time.
“Go ahead,” Dani said.
“No, go on.  I can wait,” Tom urged her.
“I’m not really sure where to start, but I have something to give you.  Please, don’t interrupt me.  I know you’ve been working awfully hard and are worried about how to finish paying for your graduate school.  Because I am sure you are going to be very successful, I want to help you.  You’ve been working fulltime and carrying a heavy burden of working hard on your thesis.  I can see how tired you have been lately.  I don’t want you to get discouraged and make a wrong decision.  I know you have someone who is willing to pay your expenses, but the cost is too high.  Let me help you out.  If you won’t accept this as a gift, consider it a loan.  I am not concerned about getting repaid.  I just don’t want you to make a mistake that will hurt you in the long run.  I want you to take this and use it to get the money you need to finish your schooling and to get started in your business career.  Please accept this from me.  I have thought it all over and I have made up my mind to do this,” Dani rushed on as she pulled the dark blue jewelry case out of her purse and handed it to Tom.  Dani’s fingers trembled when his fingers brushed against hers.  Tom stared at the outside of the case.
“Go ahead!  Open it. It is yours now.  You can use it to pay for the rest of your schooling.  If you cut back on your work hours, I am sure you can get your thesis done on time,” Dani urged.
Tom opened the box.  He stared at the necklace silently for a long time without looking up.  Dani squirmed and twisted the stem of the wine glass nervously around in her hand.  She stared at the rosy liquid.  When she finally looked up, she noticed Tom was looking at her with a strange expression on his face.
“I don’t know what to say.  Dani, I can’t take this.  Do you have any idea how valuable this is?” he asked.
“Oh, yes.  The customs’ officers gave me a good estimate of it, plus I also have the insurance appraisal forms.  It is enough to tide you over for at least another year, or even longer, if you are careful.  You must take it.  I couldn’t bear to see you take the other way out of your money troubles,” she said in a quiet determined voice.
“What do you mean by ‘my other way out’?  I can make it on my own.  I don’t need this,” he said stubbornly.
“Melanie told me about you.  I understand you were just flirting with me, but I can’t stand by and let you throw your life and freedom away.  There are no strings attached to this.  I’m not asking for anything in return.  I know it isn’t any of my business who you marry, but, unless you are really in love with her, don’t get married.  Money isn’t a good enough reason to get married.  Take the necklace.  Sell it, pawn it, use it any way you want,” Dani urged.
“What does Melanie have to do with anything?  She means nothing to me,” Tom protested.
“You don’t have to explain anything to me.  You are free to do whatever you want, but, please, think carefully before you get married to her—or to anyone.”
“Don’t worry.  I’ve done a lot of thinking about marriage, too much time thinking about it sometimes. Dani, do you realize what you could do with the money from this necklace?  What about your debts for your mother’s medical bills?  Don’t you want to travel or have a new car or designer clothes?” Tom asked.
“I’ll get by on what I have.  I have a job I really like.  I don’t need lots of possessions to be happy.  I live a very simple life.  I can pay my bills on my salary.  Once you are out of school and are established in your career, you can pay me back, if you want, although I will get along fine without it.  You have so much potential.  I don’t want you to get sidetracked or give up on your own dreams,” she added.
“I don’t understand you, Dani.  You offer me something this valuable with no strings attached.  What do you get out of this?” he asked.
“I get to help you.  That is enough for me,” she answered simply.
Chapter 17
Tom was silent for a full minute.  Dani glanced over at him.  He was staring at her with a strange expression.  She shifted nervously while twisting the wine glass.  Tom reached over and took the glass out of her hand, and put it on the coffee table.  He moved closer and put his hands on her shoulders, turning her to face him.
“All right, Dani.  I’ll accept the necklace on one condition,” he said slowly.
“What condition?” she stammered.
“You come with it.  Dani, I want to marry you,” he replied.
“No, Tom.  You don’t have to do that.  I’m not trying to buy your love.  There really are no strings.  I couldn’t stand thinking that you want me because you are grateful for what I am giving you,” Dani cried with a shocked voice.
“Don’t you understand, Dani.  I want you.  I need you.  You are so beautiful, so sweet and innocent.  Please, my darling, say you’ll marry me!” he persisted.
“Please don’t, Tom.  I can’t marry you.  I’m sorry,” she cried trying to pull away from him.
“I won’t take no for an answer.  I need you and want you so much.  I know you care about me.  I can feel it every time we touch.  I love you, Dani.  There’s no one but you,” he declared.
Dani tried to pull away, but Tom’s hands held her rigidly in place.
“I can’t. I can’t!” she sobbed.
“Is it because of another man?” he asked in a cold, steady voice.
“No, yes, I guess so.  I just can’t,” she stammered.
He pulled her roughly into his arms and crushed her against his body.   His lips captured hers.  He forced her lips apart and began a slow devastating kiss.  As it deepened, he felt her body molding itself to him.  Her hand slid up to his shoulders, no longer pushing him away.  
When he pulled his mouth away, she moaned softly.  He bent closer and whispered in a ragged voice.  “Dani, you can’t deny what happens when we touch.  You do love me, don’t you.  I want you.  I need you so much, honey.  Don’t push me away.  Admit it.  You want me and love me, too.  Tell the truth,” he demanded hoarsely.
“Yes, Tom.  I do love you, but I can’t marry you.  Please don’t ask me to explain,” she cried finally.
“Why, for heaven’s sake?  Why?” I can’t just walk away from you now,” he argued.
“Something’s happened.  If you knew the truth, you’d end up hating me.  I’d rather have you walk away now than end up hating me later,” she moaned.
“Do you love him, this other man?” Tom quizzed.
“No, but I..” Dani admitted.
“Then  it isn’t important.  I don’t care about anything but the present moment and our future together.  I want you with me for the rest of my life.  Remember, I am not innocent either. There are things I must explain to you, too.  Hear me out and try to forgive me.  Always remember that I love you.  I think I fell in love with you that first day we met.  I will always love you,” he vowed.
“You don’t have to explain to me about Melanie or anyone else.  What you did in the past is not the problem,: she added sadly.
“Why do you keep bringing up Melanie? She’s never meant anything to me.  Our families are friends.  We grew up knowing each other, but I’d never get involved with a scheming, spoiled girl like her.  She reminds me too much of my stepmother—and, that’s the worst thing I can say about anyone,” he said coldly.
“You aren’t engaged to Melanie?” she asked weakly.
“Of course not!  What makes you ask that?” he asked.
“She told me you were getting married soon because she had tricked you into getting her pregnant,” Dani sputtered.
“That miserable lying bitch!  I didn’t realize just how spiteful and hateful she could be.  That is all lies!  We are not engaged.  We haven’t even seriously dated, and I most certainly didn’t get her pregnant.  I have never slept with her, in spite of her asking for it.  This explains a lot.  Is that why you turned against me and left town so quickly?” he stormed.  “What else did she tell you?”
“Nothing, nothing important now.  How could I have ever believed her?” Dani asked.
“She puts on a good act!  I’ve seen a lot of men fall for her batting eyelashes, syrupy drawl, and sweet innocent look.  She is a great liar.  She can look deep into your eyes and spin one lie after another.  Dani, I need to tell you the truth about me.  I pray you can listen and understand why I have done the things I’ve done and then forgive me.  There are several things about me that you must know.” Tom said.
“It doesn’t matter, Tom.  I still can’t marry you,” she added sadly.
“Hear me out before you decide that,” he urged. He pulled her down beside him on the sofa.  His arm remained around her shoulder.  “First, I must tell you about my father and his unfaithful second wife.  My real mother was a beautiful, gentle, and loving woman, but she died when I was ten.  My father remarried about three years later. Mona, my new stepmother, (how I have hated her all these years), used him, lied to him, and was unfaithful with so many men that I lost count, even as a boy. She wasn’t even careful or sneaky about it.  She didn’t try to hide it.  She knew he was so in love with her that he wouldn’t divorce her.  He was totally crushed and nearly destroyed by her.  The crowning blow that finally pushed him over the edge was finding out she had been trying to seduce me.  I left home right after that and went to a boarding school to get away from her.  When she finally dumped Dad for a much younger man with more money, she threw all the dirty details in his face.  It was too much for him to handle.  I came home unexpectedly from college for a visit, and found him on the floor of the living room with an empty pill bottle and nearly empty whiskey bottle on the floor.  After I called the ambulance, the paramedics and doctors managed to pull him through.  A few more minutes, and they said, he would have died.  He tried suicide, but, thank God, he didn’t succeed.  He had a complete nervous breakdown.  I watched him struggle for years to regain his sanity, to break out of his deep depression, and to want to live again.  I vowed I would never fall in love or get involved with any woman unless I was absolutely sure she was the opposite of my stepmother.  All Mona ever loved was money, power, and having a constant string of affairs with men.  She used my father as long as he gave her everything and demanded nothing, and then she left him for a richer younger man.”
When Tom finally paused for breath, he looked over and saw Dani was crying.  She reached out and touched his face.  “That is the saddest thing I have ever heard.  How terrible for you and your father!  How awful for you to have to see him hurt that way!  Is he all right now?” Dani asked.
“He is finally beginning to be like he used to be before Mona broke his heart, but I don’t know if he will ever recover completely.  I knew that it had affected my life, but I thought I had it all figured out.  I had pretty well decided that I would never find anyone that I could trust enough to love.  Then, a few months ago, I met you.  From the first moment, I was attracted to you.  I was constantly fighting my fear of being hurt and betrayed like my father and my growing desire and feelings for you.  I couldn’t figure you out.  From the first moment I saw you, and you snapped my head off, I have been bewitched by you since that first meeting.  You seemed so perfect, too good to be true. I was so afraid that I would fall for you the way my father did for Mona.  Some days, I felt like I was going crazy.  I kept looking for signs that you were like Mona or like Melanie.  I once read that if you look hard enough for proof of something, you will see whatever you are looking for,” he said sadly.
Dani looked up at his face and smiled, encouraging him to continue.  She took his hand in hers and gently squeezed it.
He sighed and continued, “Do you remember the last time I was here in your apartment?  After holding you and dancing with you, I came back to your apartment with you.  I wanted you so much that night!  I was ready to drop my defenses and make love to you that night.  You may not believe me, although I swear it is true, I had never made love to any one before.  After you left my embrace and my kisses, I overheard you talking to another man on the phone.  You had just left my arms and you were making a date with him because he got you tickets for a play.  I heard you teasing him and offering him rewards, a special dinner and a tempting “dessert” afterwards, I felt like you had slapped me in the face.  I could almost hear my stepmother and the way she used men to get the things she wanted regardless of how much it hurt my father.  She would go from his arms to anyone who would give her something ‘better’.  I couldn’t stand it.  I left here furious with you and even angrier with myself, because I realized I still wanted you.  I was determined to stop thinking about you, but I couldn’t get you out of my heart or my mind. I wanted you and loved you so much.  Was I going to end up like my father?” he sighed.
Dani touched Tom’s face again.  “Paul and I are just friends.  He helped me through the roughest times when my mother was sick and dying.  We are only friends!  Paul would like more, but he knows I do not have those kind of feelings for him.  We both enjoy the theater.  On our ‘dates,’ we usually go to a local play or musical.  He takes care of the tickets.  I cook dinner for him and feed him a gooey dessert afterwards.  He gives me a hug and sometimes a kiss on the cheek.  He has been a very special friend, but we have never been lovers,” Dani explained softly.
“I realize that now, and I feel like such a jerk!  I was so jealous of him, but I was so afraid you were not the sweet woman that I loved.  I was being torn into pieces.  I wanted you so much, but I was so terrified of becoming so involved that I might get destroyed like my father,” Tom admitted.
“Oh, Tom, how badly she hurt your father and you.  Thank you for being so honest with me.  I understand things so much better now.  I came from the opposite family experience.  My mother and father were so deeply in love, so loyal and devoted to each other that they never looked for love in any other place or person than in their own marriage.  They both loved me, but it was their love that held our world together.  My father was killed in an automobile accident.  My mother never totally recovered.  Part of her died with him.  Although she and George Wilson were close friends and dated regularly near the end of her life, Gabby remained loyal to her first love, my father.  That was my experience of love and marriage.  No wonder, we had a hard time understanding the idea of love and marriage.  The night you were here, and I answered the phone call from Paul, I thought you left because you didn’t really care about me.  I thought you were just playing with me, playing me for a fool.  I felt so hurt and rejected when you left that night.  I didn’t think about how my teasing with George would have sounded to you.  I thought you decided you didn’t care enough to wait around for a few minutes to take what I was willing to give you that night,” she cried.
“Leaving you that night, was the hardest thing I ever did.  I wanted to make love to you that night.  It was then that I realized I had already fallen in love with you.  I didn’t know whether I wanted to shake some sense into you or kiss you.  I was so confused, so scared of being hurt by you, and yet so much in love with you,” Tom explained.
“No wonder we had so many sparks.  Without knowing what had happened to you, my behavior intensified your fears,” Dani said.
“Dani, there are a few more things I need to explain before I ask you again to marry me,” Tom began. “I hope you will listen with your heart and forgive me.  I hatched a plan to try to find out, once and for all, if you were like my stepmother.  I was so obsessed with my fears.  Please try to understand and forgive me.  All of our problems and disagreements go back to the area of trust.”
“Tom, please stop.  I understand, and I do forgive you.  I wish things were different, but they aren’t.  I do care about you, more than I can ever explain, but I still cannot marry you.  I’m so sorry, but these understandings came too late.  I wish you all the happiness in the world, but I cannot marry you,” Dani said sadly.
“Dani, don’t refuse me now.  Tell me what is wrong.  Why won’t you marry me?  There has to be a reason.  Please explain it to me.  I love you, and I believe you love me.  Talk to me.  Don’t shut me out!” Tom begged.
“I’m not the person you deserve.  Please don’t ask me to explain.  I am too ashamed to tell you anymore,” Dani sobbed.
“Dani, I have to ask you to explain.  I can’t just walk away.  Trust me to understand,” Tom begged.  “If you aren’t in love with Paul Davis, what is keeping you from marrying me? Is there something or someone else that you need to tell me about?  Did something happen while you were gone?” Tom asked.
“Yes, Tom.  I’m afraid if I tell you the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, you will hate me.  I’m not as innocent as you think. Please, just accept that I’m not good enough to marry you,” Dani mumbled.
“I’ll never accept that.  Just be honest with me.  Tell me whatever is keeping you from marrying me,” Tom urged.
“When I left on this trip to France, I believed that you and Melanie were going to be married, possibly even before I got home.  She had told me that you had just been playing me for a fool,” Dani said.
Tom interrupted her.  “I know Melanie can be a very convincing liar, but I never touched her, but I can understand how it all looked to you.  I knew you were hurt and very upset before you left, but I didn’t know why.”
Dani continued, “Well, I did go on the assignment, but I was still in love with you, even though I knew it was hopeless.  I felt so lonely and hurt, I was so empty inside, but that doesn’t really excuse anything.  I did something that I had never done before.  I realized afterwards that I shouldn’t have done it, but I did it anyway.”
“Please tell me!  It is so important for you to tell me the truth,” Tom begged.
“The last night after the competition, we were supposed to meet the owner of the beautiful villa where we were staying.  He was giving a dinner for the athletes, but he was delayed and didn’t make it there in time for the dinner.  After the meal, the young men went into town to celebrate at a dance club.  I decided to stay at the house and relax before leaving the next day,” Dani explained.
Tom nodded and asked, “Did you ever meet the man who hosted our team?”
“Yes, after the team had gone to town, Pierre asked if I would be willing to meet him in the library for an after dinner drink.  He explained that the owner would be completely covered or would insist on being in a totally darkened room.  I agreed to meet with him.  We had all wanted to thank him personally at the dinner.  I was happy to meet him on his terms so I could express our gratitude.  A little later, Pierre escorted me to a darkened room.  The host was there, completely covered by a white hooded garment.  After Pierre closed the door and left, the room was totally dark.  It feels so strange to keep calling him ‘the host’ or ‘the man’, but I never did learn his name.  That was one of the conditions he gave for allowing us to use his estate.” Dani said.
“I remember that request.  What happened next?” Tom asked.
“We sat in the darkness for several minutes.  He spoke reasonably good French, but it was obviously not his main language.  We spoke in French since it was the language he began speaking.  He spoke softly and asked me many questions about myself.  It was strange sitting in complete darkness and talking with a stranger, but the longer we talked, the more he seemed to understand my feelings.  I don’t know how to explain it.  It was almost like he could read my feelings through the darkness. He seemed so lonely and sad—just like I was feeling.  While we were there, I had another glass of wine.  I already had two during dinner.  I rarely ever drink, and then not much, but I am not implying that excuses my behavior,” she said.
“Is that all that happened?” Tom asked softly.
“No, this is where the story gets stranger.  He turned on some music.  He asked if I would dance with him.  I agreed.  It seemed like so little to ask for after all he had done.  He asked if I would mind if he removed the hooded garment.  I agreed.  He took my hand and we began swaying and dancing in the darkness.  I felt so lonely and sad, he held me close and began kissing me.  I know I should have pulled away, but I didn’t.  It felt so safe and warm and caring, and I returned his kisses.  When he led me to the sofa, I felt such a need to be held and loved. I didn’t try to stop him, and we made love there on the sofa,” Dani paused.
“How did he make you feel?” Tom asked quietly.
“I don’t know how to explain that, Tom.  I had never been with anyone before.  It was warm and exciting.  I don’t understand how it happened.  I knew I loved you, but you were marrying someone else.  He was there, and we were feeling lonely. He was holding me and kissing me, but you were in my heart and in my thoughts.  I believe he was holding me in his arms, but the woman he loved and longed for was in his thoughts.  Maybe like me, he, too, was making love to the one he really wanted to be with. Of course, we didn’t talk about that.  I should have never let it go that far, and, yet, I am not truly ashamed of what I did.  I think I was able to bring comfort and joy to him.  At that time, that is what he brought to me,” Dani admitted.
“Is there anything else to tell me?” Tom asked.
“There is a little more to the story, but nothing that affects you except the necklace.  Afterwards, the host came in and handed me the jewelry box that I gave to you.  He insisted that I take it and that I could use it any way I wanted.  It was a gift, and I could keep it, sell it, or give it away.  I decided I wanted to give it to you, and that is still what I am going to do,” Dani said firmly.
“Is that all the host said or did before you left France?” he persisted.
“He sent me a letter asking me to stay there on the estate with him.  I wrote a note and thanked him, but I said I needed to go home.  That was the last time I heard from him.  I hope he finds the happiness he desires.  I don’t even know who he is, but I will never forget him.  So, Tom, you see, I’m not the sweet, innocent woman of your dreams.  In a way, I am sorry it happened, but I can’t change the past.  I ruined everything for us.  That’s why I can’t marry you.  I wouldn’t blame you if you never trusted me again.  I am sorry I hurt you.  That’s the last thing I ever wanted to do,” Dani cried.
Tom looked into Dani’s eyes and smiled at what he saw there.  He put his arms around her and held her close.  “Dani, I need to think about this for a while.  Thank you for being totally honest with me. That truthfulness means so very much to me.  I want you to understand that I have not been totally honest or innocent either.  There are some things I still need to disclose to you.  I am afraid you are going to be angry with me.  If you can find it in your heart to forgive me, I know I can forgive everything you have told me.  I need to get something from my car.  Please don’t move.  I promise I will be right back, and I still love you more than words can ever say.”
Tom rushed out of the room, down the stairs, and hurried to his car. He opened the trunk, pulled out his suitcase and rushed back up the stairs. On the landing, he opened the suitcase and pulled out a white robe.  He slipped it over his head.  Reaching around the corner, he quietly switched the overhead light off.  He stepped inside and said in a soft voice, “Dani, mon amour, je t’aime.  Will you dance with me and be with me for the rest of my life?”
Dani turned around at the sound of the voice in the darkness.  “I don’t understand.  Where are you Tom?”  Tom sat down on the sofa and put his arms gently around her.
“Dani, I need to be totally honest with you.  Most important, I love you, trust you, you, need you, and want to marry you more than ever.  I am so ashamed of myself.  Because of my dad’s disastrous second marriage, I set up these stupid, elaborate tests of your character.  I know you are the sweetest, most caring, loving and honest woman in the world.  I pray you are also the most forgiving woman, too.  I was so afraid of losing you, I set up this special project so I could observe you away from the office and decide if you were the ‘right’ woman for me.  Now I realize, you were always better than me.  I was so jealous and suspicious, I tricked you into making love to me in France.  I was the mysterious ‘host’ in the darkened library.  That was a rotten and a terrible trick to play on you.  You came through in an amazing fashion.  I never dreamed you would give the necklace to me.  I had planned on your keeping it to pay off your mother’s medical bills.  When you offered it to me, that blew me away!  I was so relieved you didn’t decide to stay with the mystery man, because I had no idea what to do if you had agreed to stay.”
“How could I stay there when the man I loved was getting ready to make the biggest mistake of his life?  At least, that was the story Melanie told me that I was gullible enough to believe.  What finally happened to Melanie?” Dani asked.
“Hopefully, she is out of our lives forever.  I told her to stay far away from me or I would tell her family and acquaintances the terrible things she had done over all the years.  I told her firmly and finally to never call or contact me again.  I also told her father about the lies she spread about me here, and I made it clear that she was not allowed on our property.  Her parents knew she was selfish, but they were shocked to learn how badly she had lied.  They agreed to keep her out of my life.
“I’m glad I won’t have to be around her again,” Dani said simply.
“Dani, there are still a few other things I need to tell you about myself.  It is time we both began telling the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth about everything and trusting our love to keep us together.  I haven’t been truthful to you about several things.  I don’t know where to begin.”
“That sounds ominous,” Dani stammered.  “Just begin at the beginning.  I will listen with my heart and mind.”
“First, I am not a poor struggling student.  I am a student, but I am not poor.  My father founded and still owns IDSC.  I am finishing my thesis, but my schooling is totally paid for.  I came here undercover so I could really learn about this corporation before I begin running it.  As soon as my thesis is finished and approved, I will be taking over as CEO.  Like you, I wanted to learn the business from the ground up.  I’ve learned so much since I came here.  I know I will never be the same person again.  I am no longer the angry, distrusting man who walked into your department.  I learned that not all women are like my stepmother or Melanie.  There are so many more honest, trustworthy people, men and women, than the few who spoil things for everyone else.  I will probably always be cautious with new people, but there is one person that I will never doubt—you, my dearest love, Dani!” Tom declared 
He reached out and took Dani’s hand and lifted her up into his lap.  He bent down and kissed her tenderly.
“Can you forgive me for putting you through this?  I love you, Dani.  Please marry me.  I want you to be my wife.  I don’t ever want to let you go.  All my doubts and fears have been replaced with total trust and love,” Tom whispered into her ear.
Dani put her arms around his neck and pulled his mouth down to hers.  She began crying.  “Tom, I love you.  Yes, if you still want me, I would love to be your wife.  I’m glad you were the man in the robe.  You are the only man I ever want to be with.”
“I definitely do still want you.  I want you more now thanI can ever express in words,” Tom sighed and pulled her into his arms and kissed her hungrily.  “I’m glad you were the woman in my arms that night, too.  I wanted to save myself for my wife.  I guess, even though I made love to you before we were married, I still saved myself for you.  I think I may keep this crazy hooded robe,” he said.
“Why would you want to do that?” she asked.
“If we ever start fussing like we did in the office, I might put it on and sneak up on you in the dark.  It worked once, it might be useful again, but only with you,” he added with a wink.
“You’d better not even think about another woman like that.  I want to be the only woman who makes love to you,” Dani said kissing him again.
“Dani, my precious love, it is getting late.  My flight got in to San Francisco about an hour before yours.  I don’t know about you, but I am really tired.  If I put on that white hooded robe, is there a chance you might let me share your bed tonight?  I don’t want to leave you tonight, or any other night.  We can get married civilly as soon as the licensing office is open, but I want to hold you in my arms all night.  I don’t want a long engagement.  I want to begin our life together now.  Will you let me stay with you tonight?” Tom asked humbly.
“I love you, Tom, and I want to be with you, too. I am tired also, but not necessarily sleepy,” she said with a quick smile.  “How about cuddling up with me tonight and see what happens?” Dani whispered as she led him down the hallway to her bedroom.  With many tender kisses and caresses, Tom undressed her and lifted her up onto the bed.  He quickly disrobed and crawled in beside her.  He cradled her in his arms.  She turned and gave herself to him.  Later, feeling relaxed and satisfied, they fell asleep locked in each other’s arms.  
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Mary has enjoyed writing all of her life, but has just begun sharing her stories.  She has worn many different hats in her lifetime.  She worked as a church secretary and proofreader in a small weekly newspaper in California while in high school and college.  She taught for seven years before stopping to adopt her son.  While her son was growing up, she managed a camera store for three years and then worked ten years in a municipal court system in California as a courtroom clerk. Next, she returned to  teaching at a boarding school on the Navajo Indian Reservation in Kayenta, Arizona, teaching there for two years.  She finished her career in education teaching special education students in the  seventh and eighth grade for fifteen years in Globe, Arizona.  After retiring in 2005, she moved to Oracle, Arizona, to be closer to her family--her son, daughter-in-law, and her three wonderful grandchildren.
She is active in her church and enjoys playing canasta, reading, writing, and volunteering at the local pregnancy care center.
A Note from the Author
Within the next few months, I am hoping to publish more of my stories for your enjoyment.  I hope you enjoyed reading this book as much as I liked writing it.  Check back and see if I have any new books you might like to read.
