

An Elemental Enmity Novel

By Chistie Rich

* * * * 

Smashwords Edition

* * * *
FIVE
An Elemental Enmity Novel
Copyright © 2011 by Christie L. Rich
Formatting by JT Formatting

Published by Tarser Publishing
ISBN-13: 

Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of the above author of this book.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.
Discover other titles by Christie Rich at Smashwords.

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author's work.
Table of Contents

Prologue
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
About the Author
Personal Note from Christie






I nearly turned around when I saw how tired Aunt Grace looked, but I had put this off long enough. The crinkles around her soft brown eyes betrayed years of worry, making her appear slightly older than forty-one. Her upper body slumped over a stack of bills as if they were chained to her neck. She shoved her fingers into her ginger hair at the nape and groaned as she went to work massaging what had to be tight muscles. Even though I hovered over her shoulder, she didn’t acknowledge me.
Hoping some of my pent up nerves would escape with my breath, I cleared my throat. “I need to talk to you about something,” I said, settling onto the chair opposite her. Despite my efforts in preparing for this confrontation, my voice came out tiny. The worst part was that my eyes wanted to roam to the gigantic stack of dishes that had mysteriously taken on the appearance of the Leaning Tower of Pisa. I held my breath, worried that any sort of errant current would topple our chip-ware onto the dirt-ridden hardwood floor.
Where was Travis, anyway? Knowing him he was in hiding, trying to get out of his turn—again.
“Hmm,” she said absently, scanning the bill in her hand. “Can’t it wait?”
“Grace,” I stated in the most grown-up tone I could muster. She cocked a brow but still didn’t bother to look up. “I’ve thought this through, and I want to go to St. Mary’s College with Cassie.”
“You are not Catholic,” she said, placing down her pen. Faster than I could look away she locked her gaze onto mine. Her usually warm brown eyes roamed over me, coating me with a frosty mist.
I frowned. “What does that have to do with it?” She wasn’t acting the way I had imagined. Cassie and I had gone over this a thousand times. I had been sure she would use her old standby—money.
“The school is based around a religion you do not practice.” She groaned in clear displeasure. “We have discussed this, Rayla. I need you close to home.”
What she really needed was a free nanny. What a joke. Her idea of discussion had been an emphatic “No” when I mentioned I wanted to check out other schools besides Snow College. “Jenny’s old enough to take care of Sarah,” I pleaded. I was ten when I started watching my cousins after school. Jenny just turned twelve. “Besides, I won’t be here anyway.”
“I’m relying on you to come home on the weekends. Jenny isn’t ready for that much responsibility.”
“But—”
“We each have to do our part. Do you think you should have different obligations than the rest of us?”
The guilt she flung at me tried to stick. Too bad for her I wasn’t going to change my mind. “I just want to—”
“None of us get exactly what we want. I can think of better things to do with my time than find ways to pay for you to have shelter over your head.”
My words came out in a rush. “Don’t you want different for your children?” Too late, I realized my mistake—I was not her child. She made sure I knew that from the day Mom disappeared. Don’t get me wrong. Aunt Grace had shown me unending kindness. She loved me, but she always kept a distance between us that wasn’t present in her relationship with her own kids.
Her pinched lips turned in a forced smile. “That’s why I’ve agreed to let you go to Snow. I had hoped you would be grateful.” Her eyes narrowed, her breath whooshing out in a gust. “It doesn’t appear that either one of us is going to get what we want tonight.”
How could she be so cold? She wasn’t even willing to hear my side of things. Her expression was steel, the set of her jaw granite. Changing her mind may have been hopeless, but I was going to make certain she understood how I felt. “When have I ever gotten what I wanted—the time you let me go to Disney Land with Cassie?”
“We couldn’t afford—”
“Oh wait,” I said, right over the top of her tired excuse. “I didn’t get to go with her because I had to babysit. That’s all I’ve done for the last five years!”
Her tone dripped ice with a dash of hostility. “I realize you’ve made sacrifices, but no more than any other member of this family.”
She had no right to treat me this way. I’d given up every bit of a social life to help her. I’d more than earned a four year leave of absence. “I would rather work ten hours a day at the pig farm than waste my life taking care of your brats!” I couldn’t stand to be in the same room with her. At this point I would have preferred a different continent.
Letting out a disgusted groan, I bolted out the back door. Aunt Grace stayed right on my heels. Rigid fingers slammed agains my shoulder, halting me. “I know I expect a lot from you, but I’m only doing what’s best for everyone.”
I whirled around, glaring with every bit of animosity I had in me. A sharp gasp escaped her lips before she pulled her hand back. “No, Aunt Grace. What you’re doing is ruining my life!” With that said, I took off up the hill.
She called after me, but I didn’t want to hear it anymore. My skin prickled from the chilly night air. I should have grabbed a jacket, but I wasn’t about to turn around. Hoping it would warm me up, I started into a run. By the time I reached Cassie’s house, sweat soaked my shirt, yet my arms could easily have been mistaken for a plucked chicken.
I rang the bell and bent over, resting my hands on my knees, panting. To my surprise Mr. Lambert opened the door. He wasn’t supposed to be in town this weekend. I stood up and tried to smile, but from his worried expression, my attempt fell short of realistic.
He took one look at me and rushed to my side. “What on Earth? What’s wrong?”
My voice came out soft, defeated. “Is Cassie around? I need to talk to her.”
He ushered me through the door, briskly rubbing his hand over my arm. The heat of his skin burned. “It must be thirty degrees out there. Where’s your coat?”
I pulled in a deep breath. “Forgot it.”
He nodded. “Did you have a fight with Grace again?”
“She’s the most ridiculous person alive. I didn’t even get to tell her about my scholarship.” A ragged sigh escaped me. “She just said no.” I swiped the moisture out of my eyes and gritted my teeth, determined to not break down in front of him. Even though he hadn’t ever mentioned it, he had to have pulled some strings to get me accepted into St. Mary’s College, not to mention the scholarship that came out of nowhere. If I couldn’t go, it would be a total slap in the face to his generosity.
He smiled at me, nudging my chin. “Give her time to mull it over. She’ll come around.”
“Rayla?” Cassie asked, pulling my attention to the ornately carved staircase. Wider than most hallways, it curved gracefully along the rich paneled wall. “What are you…” Her face turned in a frown when our eyes met.
I ran over to her and shook my head in response to her unfinished question. Her pale eyes softened with compassion as she placed an arm around my shoulder. “We’ll be upstairs, Dad.”
Mr. Lambert smiled. “Remember the old saying, Rayla: The world is always darkest just before the dawn.”
Was that really supposed to make me feel better? My tomorrows had no chance of getting any brighter if I didn’t do something to change my life. I returned his smile then let Cassie guide me to her room.
She pressed her door closed as I flopped on the bed, pulling the covers over me. The TV showed an old rerun of Happy Days. I grunted, wishing my life could be that uncomplicated.
“Spill,” she said, sitting beside me.
Blinking away more tears, I tucked my arms around my stomach. “She wouldn’t even listen to me. I hate her!”
Cassie touched my arm. “Maybe we should just go to Snow our first year. We could transfer to St. Mary’s next year when she’s had time to get used to you being gone.”
I shook my head. “She wants me home every blasted weekend. Said Jenny couldn’t handle taking care of Sarah.”
Cassie sucked on her bottom lip, gazing up at the ceiling as if it were a starlit sky. She shrugged after a while. “I just don’t see how we could make it work.”
“I’m eighteen,” I reminded her. “She can’t make me stay here.”
She gave me a mournful smile. “Grace is the only family you have left. Don’t you think you should just cool off for a bit?”
“I’ve never wanted to go to Snow anyway.”
Her smile turned to a light frown. “Everyone we know will be there.”
Uh-oh. This couldn’t be good. “Everyone?”
She stood up and paced in front of me. “Chase is going.”
My eyes flew wide. I knew it. That weasel still had his teeth in her. “When did you talk to him? I thought you were done getting used.”
She shrugged. “Can’t seem to get him out of my system.”
“You deserve better than that jerk. Think about it, Cass. Notre Dame. Real men, not that louse who acts like he’s James Dean reincarnated.” Her wide eyed gaze told me I had her interest. Now was time to close the deal. St. Mary’s College not only offered an amazing art program I craved to explore, but it was only minutes away from the one thing Cassie would die to see on a regular basis. “Oh, and don’t forget about football.”
The corners of her mouth turned up fractionally. She considered me for a moment then bounded over to her laptop, yanked it to her chest then sat beside me again. Her already bright eyes nearly glowed in the dim light.
“What are you doing?” I asked.
She smirked. “Looking up the team roster.”
My heart beat faster, but it wasn’t because I cared a whit about football. She was in it again, and with her help I could do anything.





We spent the next eight months figuring out the details of my escape. I would have never been able to swing it if it hadn’t been for Cassie and her dad. As far as Aunt Grace was concerned, I would be going to Snow College tomorrow morning. What she didn’t understand wouldn’t hurt me.
I sat my suitcase down by the bottom of the stairs. Jenny and Sarah waited for me with outstretched arms. I leaned into them, inhaling the scent of cheap strawberry shampoo.
Sarah wrapped her arms around my waist, gazing up at me with tears in her eyes. “I don’t want you to go,” she said then buried her face into my abdomen.
I held her tight for a few moments, feeling like the biggest loser but not the good kind. “I’ll be home before you know it, and if you promise to be good for Jenny, I’ll bring you a present.”
She pulled away from me, her eyes brightening. “Really?”
“Promise.”
She raced into the kitchen, her tiny voice raised in excitement. “Rayla’s gonna get me a present, Momma!”
“Is she now?” Aunt Grace said, stepping into the foyer. Her face was tight with worry as she wiped her hands on her apron. “You call me when you get there.”
“I will,” I said, shifting my gaze back to Sarah, who smiled at me.
Aunt Grace walked closer. “I don’t see why you can’t just stay here tonight.”
Not this again. I’d already explained this ten times. “We have to leave really early. I don’t want to wake anyone up.” To counteract my tendency to rush my words when I was nervous, I counted to three before continuing. “Cassie’s parents aren’t even in town right now so we won’t be bothering anyone at her house.”
Jenny hugged me from the back. “You better e-mail me.”
We were probably the only family on the planet that couldn’t afford a cell plan that included unlimited texting. Once I got a job, I was going to get a new phone and hopefully a new plan.
I touched her hand perched on my shoulder. “Promise.”
She bounded up the stairs yelling for Travis to help her move her stuff into my room. He stopped by the railing, stared down at me. Giving me his lopsided grin, he flipped his head to get his blond bangs out of his dark eyes. “See ya round, Cuz.”
I tilted my head in an upward nod. “Sure thing.” I pointed my finger at him. “Be good.” I wasn’t that much older than him, but I felt as if we had ten years between us.
He huffed. “When am I ever not?” Without even a backward glance, he took off around the corner before I could say anything else.
Sarah had already pulled Aunt Grace into the living room for her bedtime story. I waved goodbye, but neither of them noticed. The ancient door creaked when I pulled it shut. Not wasting any time, I quickened my step, but no one followed me to the car.
The tires threw up a cloud of dust as I sped away toward freedom. I gazed at my home through the haze of the rear view mirror. The moon set an eerie cast to the scene. The old Victorian had seen better days. Time had transformed the once stately manor into the humble residence of a working family. It needed a paint job. The porch swing still hung by one chain, flopping around in the breeze, and bicycles littered the two week overgrown lawn. It wasn’t anything compared to Cassie’s house, but it would always be special to me. I swiped the tears from my eyes and rolled down the window. The time for crying was over. I was officially on my way.
Cassie waited outside for me when I pulled up. Her grin couldn’t have gotten much bigger. The handle gave her some trouble, so I reached over and opened the door. Before I knew it she plopped onto the seat. Eyes glowing, she reached into her purse and pulled out a wad of cash. “Dad’s going away present.”
I kept my cringe to myself. I was tired of feeling guilty for taking advantage of Mr. Lambert’s endless acts of kindness. He’d done so much for me, especially where college was concerned. I needed to figure out a way to pay him back. “You’ve got to have the coolest father on the planet.”
She grinned, tucking a strand of her dark hair behind her ear. “Yeah. Isn’t he great?”
Taking the gearshift, I put the car in gear. Cassie still smiled when I glanced at her. “You sure you’re ready for this?”
She laughed, nudging my shoulder with the tips of her fingers. “No backing out now!”
One day I would tell her how much she meant to me. She’d given up her plans for mine. She’d helped me figure out everything and handled some of the details with St. Mary’s I could never have managed from home.
I waggled my brows before I lowered her window. The invading night air sucked the moisture from my body like a sponge. She just shook her head at me, smiling, but I knew what she was thinking without hearing one word. We would have been much more comfortable in her car.
“Sorry,” I said. “I didn’t think it would still be this hot when we planned this whole thing.”
“If you think this is bad, you just wait until you have sweat dripping from you twenty-four-seven.”
She’d already tried to explain humidity to me, but I didn’t care if I had to take three showers a day. I was on my way to my new life. We had pulled it off without any snags. Nothing short of death would keep me from claiming my dreams.



We trudged along a lone stretch of Wyoming highway. The newness of our trip had swiftly worn to raw-edged fatigue. I was going to have to wake Cassie up soon. Even if I could manage the weight of my eyelids, I couldn’t shake the dread that had attached to my spine ten miles ago.
Icy gooseflesh erupted across my neck, skittering down my entire body like a million frosty spiders. I shrugged off a shiver before I checked the rear view mirror again. No monsters lurked in the back seat with the sole desire of making me their next juicy snack, so why did I feel like Satan himself was stalking me? And to make things even better, my horrendous scar picked this exact moment to sprout sensation. I found it odd that the usually—void of any kind of feeling—jagged patch of skin suddenly wouldn’t stop itching. Having the thing erupt with sensitivity for the first time since my horse riding accident seven years ago was more than a little weird, but it wasn’t as though I had a doctor on hand to do an impromptu exam.
Cassie rested against the passenger door, blissfully sleeping away. I stretched my hand toward her, but pulled back just before I touched her shoulder. No way was I going to wake her again because of my absurd paranoia. This trip didn’t need me complicating it to make it unbearable. My fear of the dark would not cripple me anymore. Hopefully St. Mary’s offered counseling.
Out of nowhere, a thunderous rumble shattered the milky silence, sending a quiver through my bones. Even though the empty dawn had greeted me in the mirror moments before, a motorcycle rocketed toward us. Where had he come from? I shook my head and took a calming breath. It was just a stupid motorcycle. No need to panic.
I expected him to zoom by, but he matched my pace instead. The bike zigzagged haphazardly in the lane as if the driver was loaded. Great, just what we needed.
I honestly wouldn’t have cared if he did wheelies behind me if he hadn’t been centimeters from my bumper. Why was he craning his neck in my direction?
He flashed his lights repeatedly as if I was hogging the entire road. My car wasn’t that big. I rolled my eyes and inched closer to the shoulder. When my tires hit the rumble-strip, I jumped. He had plenty of room to pass. No other vehicles were in sight. What was he waiting for?
Even if Aunt Grace had miraculously figured out what I was doing, she wasn’t ridiculous enough to send this lunatic to bring me home. What could he possibly want from me?
If I had more than noodles for a backbone at the moment, I would have pulled over to see what the heck was wrong with him. I sped up instead. I was weaponless—like it would have helped if I had an entire arsenal in my car. You sort of have to know how to use a gun for it to do you any good. I was not stopping. He could be a rapist or a serial killer.
My entire frame quaked under the reality that this man was most certainly trying to get me to stop. I shook my head and motioned for him to go around me. I slowed down, sped up, gunned it, took the other lane, but the jerk wouldn’t back off no matter what I did.
Something I hadn’t considered hit me. What if he was in trouble?
After a moment of hesitation, I shoved the thought aside. It was too risky to stop. This wasn’t the Sixties. Besides, his bike worked fine from where I sat.
I took a deep breath then clutched the steering wheel harder, and moved the car back into the center of the lane where it belonged. Biker dude would just have to pass me. Eventually he’d get sick of hanging onto my tail end. All I had to do was wait him out.
I just wished the butterflies in my stomach would chill. A strange urge to stop the car bombarded me like a repeating alarm. I would have sworn on a Bible this dude was secretly weaving puppet-strings around me; it was all I could do to keep my foot on the gas. Worse was the barrage of absurd thoughts swirling in my head about the stranger.
I hadn’t even really seen him, but in my mind I was neatly tucked behind him on that beast of a motorcycle. The vision grew into something almost tangible. The heat from his body warmed me while the wind whipped my hair around us. I leaned closer to him, inhaling spice and man. Even the daydream of him smelled divine.
My foot tapped the brake, slowing the car down. Cassie gave a slight groan, snapping me back to reality.
What was I doing? Vivid couldn’t come close to describing this fantasy. No one should have that kind of power over me.
My back stiffened automatically, determination welling up in my heart. He wasn’t going to terrorize me an instant longer. A calming sensation washed over me, threatening to steal my will. Something about this guy was off.
I stomped the brakes, hard. He was either going around me—or over the car.
He was next to me in a nanosecond.
Cassie woke up with a startled yelp. “Rayla, what are you—what the hell?” She jumped away from me as though I were ablaze.
I turned toward bike guy to see what had freaked her out so badly. He should have been six miles ahead of us by now from the speed he’d been going. Maybe she had the same tantalizing snapshots rolling around her mind and wanted to call him back?
The minute my eyes locked with the scene next to me, I screamed. Instinctively, I jerked away from the thing, no longer resembling a motorcycle, next to my car. The back end fishtailed, but I managed to correct us before I gunned it. I looked again, sure I had imagined whatever that was.
It was still there. I blinked several times to dislodge the image. Nothing changed.
Instead of seeing chrome and leather, flank and sinew of what looked like horseflesh rode beside me, black as midnight, taut as a cord. The low flap of an enormous, obsidian feathered wing sent a shudder through me. I was losing it. I was totally losing it. Was I dreaming? Had I fallen asleep at the wheel, and was I even now careening toward a gruesome death?
The only sound louder than the roar of the motorcycle was Cassie’s chant of, “It is not there,” which oddly enough did not comfort me. She gave a final scream before she covered her eyes with trembling fingers. I wished I had that option.
The creature was colossal, bigger than all the horses I had ever seen. He was the stuff of legend.
A pegasus was supposed to be white. This monstrosity was deeper black than a bottomless pit. Smoke billowed forth from his nostrils as though he had a fiery furnace for innards, while a purplish-black glow radiated from him.
After every thrust of his gargantuan wings, my car veered. I had been going nearly a hundred miles-per-hour, yet the thing kept up as if we were out for a scenic drive.
The rider was a mammoth of a man, suited in what looked like leather armor. His jacket strained under bulging muscles as though the seams would burst. A helmet blocked any view of his face, but his head was turned toward me. Ghostly white knuckles gripped the handlebars.
Wait, what happened to the pegasus? A breath before, a mythical beast rode next to us: one that could have only escaped from the depths of Hades. Now, an ordinary motorcycle flanked my car.
Well, ordinary was not right. The chrome gleamed in the dim light as though it were alive. Once again absurd thoughts about that man and motorcycle stole my mind. I ached to settle into the supple black leather while I curled my fingers around the high-set handlebars. Even from here, the rumble of the powerful engine shook my entire frame. Still, it was only a bike.
I refused to analyze the intrusive images of the mysterious stranger, especially because I wouldn’t have minded if he scooted back a bit to give me some room.
I reacted to him on a cellular level, as if he was a new source of gravity and I a wayward comet. An emotion I didn’t want to recognize stirred underneath my overpowering fear: undeniable need. My mind screamed at me to pull a one-eighty to get away from him yet my body craved to get closer to the stranger. I felt as though I were his somehow.
I didn’t like it one bit. I was not the type of girl to lose her brain over a guy. I couldn’t even see his face, but I wanted to. In fact, the curiosity left me feeling cheated.
Cassie kept her gaze locked blindly forward as if nothing abnormal was happening. I wished I could be so calm. The specter of insanity loomed close by me, ready to strike at any moment.
The man cocked his head to the side, saluted me.
Then bike, rider…everything just disappeared into the hot night air.
This time when I hit the brakes, the car skidded wildly to a stop. I craned my neck in all the unnatural angles I could manage. He was gone. What the heck? Had a trap door in the road swallowed him?
I pummeled the steering wheel to ease the tension welling in my heart. The loss of him surrounded me still. How could I lose something I never had? How could a stranger cause such a deep reaction from me? What was that thing he’d been riding? Where did he go? Was he there in the darkness, waiting for me?
“Bum-scum!” I shouted into the night. My shrill words hung momentarily in the air before shattering into silence. I shoved my hands through my hair and squeezed my eyes shut.
Cassie shifted in her seat. The aged leather let out a shadow of the groan I currently had caged. I glanced over at her.
Her gaze locked onto mine before she licked the side of her mouth and sighed. “I wish you’d swear like a normal person, Rayla.” Her tone held and irritation that conflicted with her placid expression. “That is so disgusting.”
I gawked at her. “Are you really razzing me about my cursing habits now?”
Her full lips pursed before she gave me a faint smile. “This seems as good of a time as any.”
Wait. What was going on here? She saw him, and she saw that thing. There was no way she would have screamed the way she did from seeing an ordinary guy. What was she doing? This was the worst time I could think of for her to start messing with me. I shook my head. Maybe she was in shock. Maybe she needed a little reminder. “You don’t find anything odd about being run down by a man on a motorcycle that turns into a pegasus and back again just before he disappears?” I frantically searched the sky again. “Where did he go?”
She seemed to be trying for casual indifference, but fear transmuted her normally delicate features into a mousy mask. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
I smirked, narrowing my eyes at her. I could only guess what was going through her mind right now, but there was no way she was going to make me think I hallucinated that thing. “So when did ‘it is not there’ become your new mantra?”
Her fingers worried the bright white seam of her dark designer jeans. She shot a glance at me but barely made eye contact before she looked out the window again. “Rayla, drop it. We’re fine. He’s gone.” She shrugged. “You should be happy.”
“Happy?” I choked out. “I just had a real hell’s angel chase me down, and you’re acting as if he was a dorky date!” A maelstrom of emotions swirled throughout my body. My heart pummeled my ribs. My breath came in halted gasps. Rivulets of sweat trickled down my back as though I had run twenty miles. If that wasn’t bad enough, my right front tire perched on the gravel shoulder. A few more inches would have sent us plummeting onto the endless sea of sagebrush below the high desert highway. I grunted. “Was he a figment of our collective imagination?”
“Maybe he—”
I refused to let her explain this away. “Come on, Cassie. I know you saw the thing so don’t bother denying it. That guy was weird. Did he make you feel strange, like you knew him or something?” Like he was your prince charming come to collect you from the real world?
She looked out the window, but I still caught her grimace. “Could we just get moving again? We’re going to be late, or would you rather go back to Snow?”
Snow College was in the opposite direction. I was not turning around. She’d already given up her chance to change her mind. “You’re actually telling me you didn’t see a pegasus?” Why would she have acted like that otherwise?
She slapped her hand against her thigh, startling me. “Mythical creatures are just that. They do not exist!”
I would have agreed with her ten minutes before, but that beast and rider would forever haunt me. I was pretty sure, even with my imagination, that I couldn’t have come up with something like that on my own. How had he disappeared?
A tiny part of me had hoped to see the guy fly through the air for affecting me that much—only without the aid of his demon mount. I needed to make it clear to him, and more importantly myself, exactly who had control over my body.
I had never liked the dark. Now I had an actual reason to distrust the inky hours that had always brought a shiver of trepidation to my spine. I had expected my maiden voyage away from home to be full of excitement but nothing like this.
There was no point in arguing in the middle of the highway. Cassie was right. We needed to get going. We had a lot to get settled before school started and this subject would be one of those things we’d sort through, hopefully before we actually arrived on campus.
I shoved my fingers under my shirt to scratch my scar again. I needed to stop, but I couldn’t. It was already raw. What the heck was wrong with me? Could this trip get any worse?



Lunch was awkward. Cassie was really quiet. We came out of the cheesy restaurant in utter silence. The place had saddles for barstools, wagon wheels for chandeliers, and a mechanical bull in the corner. The only entertainment I’d had for the past hour had been watching complete strangers repeatedly fall off the thing.
As I walked to the car, the air grew thick with electricity. Every hair on my body tried to take flight. Suppressing a shudder, I glanced around the desolate landscape but didn’t see anything that looked out of the ordinary.
Although my scar had been itchy, tingling almost nonstop since my near-miss with that motorcycle, my terror had vanished with the sunrise. However, it was back like recurrent heartburn. I snapped my neck around when a throaty rumble sounded from somewhere close by.
A leather-clad rider pulled onto the road from the gas station across the street. Figures I only caught the back of him. It could have been the guy from last night, but there had to be thousands of black motorcycles in America ridden by huge men in leather, right? When her gaze locked to the motorcyclist, Cassie’s face dropped three shades paler than vanilla ice cream.
I leaned closer to her, whispering, “Do you think that was him?”
She hadn’t moved a muscle, as if she was frozen where she stood. “Who?”
Why was she acting like this? She’d have to do better than that if she wanted me to drop the subject. “Don’t,” I said.
She glanced up at me coolly. “I really can’t imagine what you’re talking about, Rayla.”
I steeled my expression, still not getting why she refused to admit what had happened. “You should try harder, like when we were kids.”
She glared at me before stalking away. Arm outstretched, she waited at the driver-side door.
I tossed her the keys. “Why won’t you talk about it?” I asked, sliding onto my seat. “We both saw the thing.” My mind told me I couldn’t have really seen that pegasus, but something in my heart refused to deny the experience.
Her hands shook while she fumbled to get the key into the ignition, and her usually steady voice held an edge of fear. “You should get some sleep. You look exhausted.” She hadn’t even glanced at me. In all the years I’d known her, Cassie had never been this freaked out.
I couldn’t blame her. Even though the motorcyclist was gone, his presence clung to me like a second skin. How was I supposed to sleep while believing that man was somewhere in this world? I hoped my senses were wrong—that he wasn’t actually following us, unseen. I tried not to think about it, but the vision of him haunted me every time I closed my eyes.





The rest of the trip was a blur. Nothing weird happened, so I had turned my mind to more important things…like school.
When I pulled into Le Mans Hall’s humungous circular driveway, my mouth fell open. This was going to be my home for the next four years.
The building was amazing—sort of gothic mansion meets military barracks. The square bell-tower loomed above us, nestled between a regal set of flanking wings.
Were the rumors true? Had a student really hung herself up there? I shrugged off the tiny shiver that raced through me and stepped out of the car.
Shielding my eyes from the late morning sun, I found the fourth floor. Which room was ours? A view of the lake was probably out of the question for freshmen, but there was always a chance.
With the ornate moldings lining every wall and the marble tile gleaming under the fluorescent light, our dorm had an old-world cool factor. We took our things to our room, which surprisingly, was pretty great.
A bunk-bed rested tight against an aged ivory wall. Two small closets were nestled in the corner. The other walls held a couple of dressers and a desk. We even had a small living area and a private bathroom. All we needed now was a comfy sofa and a shower curtain. Speaking of curtains, I peeked out the window and smiled. The small lake glittered softly below us.
Too bad I didn’t have time to explore; I still had to call Aunt Grace. After we unloaded our things I told Cassie I was going to park the car. She didn’t even ask to go with me, but she did wish me luck. Since we arrived, she’d lost some of her agitation, and I hoped we’d be able to talk things out.
She probably didn’t want to be in earshot of my conversation with Aunt Grace. I didn’t want to hear it either, but I couldn’t put it off any longer. I wasn’t about to make her come along for the torture.
After I shut off the ignition, I pulled out my phone. Exhaustion from lack of sleep and my weird trip here washed over me. I had to put that guy out of my mind. Nothing else had happened, and I already convinced myself that Cassie had been reacting to the guy not an imaginary pegasus. I’d probably dreamed it up because last night had been the first time in years I had gotten up the courage to even be outside at night. And the motorcyclist? Well, thinking more about him could wait for later.
True to her nature, Aunt Grace left twenty-four messages. Getting angry before I made the call wasn’t the best idea, so I decided to skip them.
I wasn’t surprised at all when she answered on the first ring. “Hi, Aunt Grace,” I said, a little less enthusiastically than I had intended.
Her exhale might have been a world record. “Rayla, thank the heavens and the stars! Where are you, girl?”
From her tone, I was in the land called Trouble. She had probably figured out I wasn’t at Snow College already. I set into my speech, hoping she wouldn’t interrupt me. “Grace, I made a decision—”
“Where are you?”
“I know you won’t be happy with it, but—”
“Rayla, you have no idea what you’ve done!”
“This is my life, and I feel it’s time—”
“You feel?” she said in a huff. “Where are you?”
She was not going to give up, so I decided to get it over with. “Notre Dame.”
“Indiana!”
No—Paris. “Yes,” I said calmly, waiting for her to lose it.
Her tone lowered, deflating like a spent balloon. “What have you done?”
That wasn’t the response I had expected. “Like I was saying, I decided—”
“Did you ever consider I’ve been so strict with you for a reason?”
Of course I had, but I wasn’t buying her excuses anymore. I had finally taken control of my life, whether she liked it or not. “I thought you were just being overprotective because of Mom.”
There. It was out. I hadn’t found the statement as hard to say as I thought I would.
She sighed. It was a lonely sound. “I guess I should’ve just told you, but I was hoping to keep you from ever knowing about what you are.”
I chuckled, picking at the steering-wheel. “You aren’t going to tell me I was actually born a boy, are you?”
She harrumphed. “This is serious, Rayla. I didn’t think you would ever be this foolish.”
In what messed up universe was choosing a great school over a mediocre one foolish? “What are you talking about?”
Her voice held an accusation I didn’t miss. “Why didn’t you tell me you still wanted to go to St. Mary’s? You haven’t mentioned it in over a year.”
“Are you kidding? You would have never let me come!”
“You’re darned right! I can’t protect you now. None of us can.”
Would she always treat me as a child? “From what?” I asked. “I’m not that pathetic. I can take care of myself, you know.” Hadn’t I already proven that last night? Besides, I wasn’t about to make excuses for trying to be an adult.
She didn’t say anything for a while. When she finally spoke, her voice was so soft I could barely understand her. “I’m truly sorry I failed you and your mother.”
“What does this have to do with Mom?” Was she about to tell me I had cancer or something worse? Had my mom passed on a congenital anomaly of some kind? Had she really died a horrible death that Aunt Grace refused to let me see?
Would I finally get to name what had stolen my mother from me?
I braced myself for something terrible. I had never known Aunt Grace to exaggerate—ever, but she had to be now. Her tone insinuated that I was in real trouble.
Her voice was strained as though it was hard for her to talk. “I can’t tell you. It’s too risky. They’ll only find you sooner.”
They? “Who in the blazes are you talking about?”
She whispered, “You need to be very careful, honey. There’s more to this world than you can see. There are people who want you. Your life is about to change in ways you can’t even imagine.”
Huh? “Aunt Grace, I don’t know what has gotten into you, but what you’re saying doesn’t make any sense. Are you telling me to come home? Because if you are—”
“No, Rayla,” she hissed. “You can’t come home! I have to think about more than you, now.”
I snorted. When had she only thought about me? I had been the last one in her household she even bothered to glance at most days, let alone think about. “Would you get to the point?”
Her exaggerated groan was loud and clear. “Oh, to heck with it. They’ll find you soon enough anyway.” She huffed a couple times as though she was trying to control her temper before continuing, “Fae lords will be coming for you.”
I sat there for a moment, blinking at the trees ahead of me, sure I had misheard her. “Uh, would you mind repeating that?”
“Good grief, girl, listen to me! There’s no telling how long we’ll have. Fae. Lords. Will. Be. Coming. For. You.”
I sputtered, “Fae. Like in Faeries?” A vision of thumb-sized men with iridescent wings riding miniature horses galloped through my mind—my favorite childhood fantasy. I laughed until tears formed in my eyes.
Many times, I had imagined being swept off my feet by a fairy prince. He had cast a spell on me to make me fae. My wings had been pink and purple, my hair a silvery light-blue.
Her voice couldn’t have sounded more hysterical. “Yes!”
I laughed uncontrollably. I couldn’t help it—until an image of a lone rider on a tricked-out Harley turned pegasus popped unbidden into my mind. My joviality turned into an elongated, “Ohhhh!”
Her tone kicked up a few decibels. “Have you seen them already?”
I huffed. “How should I know what a real one looks like?” The motorcyclist couldn’t have been fae, could he? Even if fairies did exist, which I wasn’t saying they did, that man was anything but diminutive.
Any second Aunt Grace was going to yell just kidding then laugh her butt off. I waited. And waited.
What came out of her next startled me. “They are stunning, cunning, and can be lethal.”
For once in my life I wished I could see her expression. “Come on.”
“You will listen to me! You can’t allow yourself to be alone with any boy!”
I knew her game. She wanted to scare me into coming home. Unbelievable. She was still trying to control me from more than a thousand miles away. “I can hold my own with men, Aunt Grace.” If she only knew the situations I had gotten myself out of already, she would probably disown me.
“You say that, now. You don’t know how they can get to you. If they wouldn’t follow you, I would insist you come home.”
That was all it took. My temper skyrocketed. “I don’t care who’s after me. You can send freaking King Kong. I’m not leaving! I need my degree.”
“You’ll never get to use it!” Something clattered in the background followed by a loud bang. “Why do you think I’ve tried to interest you in other things?”
She usually didn’t resort to breaking things when she was angry, but I wouldn’t have been surprised to find out she was trashing the living room as we spoke. My fingers tightened on the steering wheel. “Uh-huh, like an uncomplicated career at the pig farm?” I regretted the words the moment they escaped my lips. I didn’t mean to be rude to her, but my brain to mouth filter wasn’t working.
A self-conscious whine worked its way into her voice. “It’s been good enough for me.”
“How can you go there every day?” Grace was a strong woman, but she had given up on herself way too soon. “You could have been so much more.”
“How I live is more important than my occupation,” she said. “Besides, you have no idea what I do every day!”
I dreamed of being so many things, but a production worker in a stinky factory wasn’t one of them. “I know enough to not want to follow in your footsteps.”
“There’s no chance of that happening now. You’ve ruined any choices you did have.” The heat in her tone faded to despair. “I’m afraid the ones facing you will only lead to misery.”
Her faith in me was comforting. “Yeah, ‘cause I couldn’t possibly make a right decision on my own.”
“I didn’t say that. You won’t have much to choose from, sweetheart.”
The condescension in her tone blasted through me like a pistol shot. “I hate it when you call me that!” I was an adult. It was about time she treated me like one. The pregnant silence stretched to near bursting. For a moment, I thought she hung up on me then I heard her breathing. I tucked the phone against my ear and crossed my arms. I wasn’t going to say anything until she did.
“Rayla, please, let’s not fight. I’m only worried for you.” Even though I didn’t want it to, her love for me seeped through the phone and into my heart.
I took some deep breaths to calm down. “Tell me what’s really going on then.”
She spoke measuredly, as though she carefully chose her words. “That’s exactly what I’ve been trying to do. What are you asking?”
“I want the truth. Did you send someone to follow me here?” I didn’t think she knew any world renowned magicians, but anything was possible.
“How could I do that when I didn’t even know you left the state?”
I ignored the hurt in her voice. “Something strange happened on my way here.” She gasped, but I continued, “There was this creepy guy—”
“Only one?”
Wasn’t that enough?
She wouldn’t even let me finish a sentence. “I did say guy, as in singular.” Funny how she didn’t comment on the creepy part.
She sighed, her voice calm when she finally spoke. “They run in packs during the hunt.”
I snorted out a chortle. “What am I? A prize boar?”
She didn’t even laugh. “You’d be surprised.”
I would be astonished. Despite Cassie’s insistence, I was no cover model. There had to be a reason Cassie got dream dates throughout high school while my own social life could have used some work. Once she started liking football, she was way more popular than either of us thought possible. No matter how hard I tried, I couldn’t get into it.
I still couldn’t figure out why Brody Smith, captain of the football team, had picked me instead of her. Man. I so needed to stop thinking about this. I couldn’t afford to let him enter my mind again.
Back to the topic at hand, I asked, “Let’s pretend for a moment what you told me was true, and fae lords really are hunting me right now. What could I possibly have that any other girl here doesn’t?”
The word she whispered floated through the airwaves like an ephemeral prayer: “Power.”
Her statement shocked me so much that I sat there dumbfounded. Power could mean so many things, but at the base it was control. At the moment, I could hardly manage my emotions. “I’m quite sure I can’t leap tall buildings in a single bound, or run faster than a speeding bullet. Trust me, I’ve tried. What sort of power do I supposedly have then?”
“You are an Elemental. You were created for the fae.”
Gah. Was she on drugs? “What the heck is an Elemental?”
“You can manipulate matter, Rayla. The squadron of lords will hunt you down until one of them claims you. Once bonded, your power will enhance his.”
This sounded like the makings of a bad late-night movie. “I’m not saying I believe a word you’re saying, but I’m suspending disbelief once again just to clarify something; why would they have waited until now to come for me? And if they are so dangerous, why haven’t you come to get me?”
“It’s complicated. I would be there in a heartbeat if I could. There’s something you need to understand. I have to protect—” Her words cut out. She said something else I couldn’t put together. Gobbledygook was all I heard, then “shielded.” There were more non-words. The last one I made out was “mom.”
“I can’t understand you, Aunt Grace. What did you say?”
Just like that the jumbled words were clear. “It’s beginning already.”
“What is?”
The mixed-up sounds started again then, “…talk to Cassie. She can see...” She emphasized see in a way that made me think Cassie had lied about the pegasus. Maybe I wasn’t crazy, after all.
“What does Cassie have to do with this?”
“…stay with her, okay? Keep away from Notre Dame!”
All I could hear were partial words and silence after that. “You’re breaking up. What’s wrong with Notre Dame?”
“…talk…Cassie…”
“What?” The call dropped. I tried her again and again, but my calls wouldn’t go through. Even thought she’d probably kill me, I decided to send her a text:
Phone died. Call later. Luv U!
I didn’t even get to tell her what that guy had done. I doubted she would’ve dismissed him so quickly if I had.
Cassie was making my bed when I entered our room. When she looked up at me, her eyes flew wide. “That bad, huh?”
If she only knew how surreal that call had been. “Aunt Grace just told me fae lords want me for some sort of power I have. You said they don’t exist. Which of you is correct?”





Cassie turned her back to me. I had expected her to laugh, but her breath came in rapid gasps. I waited: No response. Abandoning my bed, she moved to a suitcase and sorted through the contents.
Maybe this was more serious than I thought? Maybe Cassie did know something? There was only one way to find out. “Aunt Grace told me I was in danger,” I said. “In my estimation that puts you in danger, too.”
She stopped folding her delicates into neat piles and faced me. Her pale blue eyes brimmed with unshed tears. The smooth angles of her face contorted into a horrible grimace. I cringed when I heard the horror in her voice. “I can’t talk about this.” She covered her eyes with both hands. Her body trembled from thunderous sobs.
I edged closer to her and placed my hand gently on her shoulder. She shrugged it away.
I gritted my teeth. “It isn’t like I wouldn’t believe you. First the trip here and then Aunt Grace’s call; I’m up for anything just about now.”
She thrust her arms violently to her sides. “You can’t possibly understand what it’s like.” She hesitated for a few seconds, her tone frigid with fear. “I spent five years in counseling to combat my hallucinations. I embraced them once, and it cost me. I won’t do it again!” Quicker than I could respond, she spun away from me.
She thought she was hallucinating? Could two people have the same delusion? I closed the distance between us. “I might understand if you were the only one that saw it. It was black and scary and that guy made me feel…so strange. I need you to tell me what you saw, Cassie.”
She offered a contemptuous look over her shoulder. “My eyes don’t work any differently than yours do.”
“Then you did see the pegasus?”
She huffed, shoving her hands into her hair. “I didn’t say that!”
I frowned at her. We weren’t kids anymore, and we weren’t playing make-believe. “I guess I imagined the whole thing. Stress got to me. Is that it?”
She wouldn’t look at me when I stood in front of her. “It could be.”
“I thought we didn’t have secrets. Going through counseling for that long had to be horrible. I can’t say I understand what it was like to have had hallucinations, but I saw it too. Don’t you understand that? I saw it, Cassie!” Her reaction only solidified Aunt Grace’s claim. If Cassie really had seen the pegasus, that could only mean there was some truth to what Aunt Grace told me. When she didn’t respond, I pressed forward. “What if there is more to this world than we know? What if you weren’t delusional all those years ago? Your stories—”
“We’re here for school, not to talk about imaginary people.” Cassie narrowed her eyes, sending me a frosty glare. Even with that attempt, she hadn’t covered the fear that lingered beneath the contempt. “I’ll go to Snow if you continue with this nonsense.”
I clenched my fists at my sides, trying my best to understand her. I couldn’t believe she’s never told me about this. “You would leave over a question?” I couldn’t lose this life before it even started.
St. Mary’s would be horrible without her. A horrible thought hit me. If she left, would her dad’s money go with her? I hated myself for even thinking about that.
“I hope I don’t have to.”
Her gaze chilled me more than her blunt words. I gaped at her. She had only been like this once before.
Her mother had taken her away for a seven-month sabbatical. She missed half of the sixth-grade. I hadn’t ever fit in with the kids at school. Without Cassie, my days had almost been unbearable.
When she finally came home, I expected vivid details about India. What I got was, “It was hot, but nice.” She refused to play our usual games after that trip. That was when her obsession with football began.
I never got the appeal. She loved the games more than my cousin Travis did. I didn’t think that was possible.
I missed our excursions into fantasy. Unfortunately, I had to make-believe on my own after that. It wasn’t the same, though. Something must have happened while she was away, but there was no way she was going to tell me about it right now. She had on her mask of stone. My tone fell flat when I answered her. “I’ll just have to figure things out without you.”
She thrust a finger at me before turning to her clothes again. “Grace is trying to teach you a lesson for lying to her. It isn’t anything more than that.” Despite her solid exterior, a shudder rippled along her back. “It can’t be.”
I didn’t want Cassie to leave, and I didn’t want to push her into talking about something buried so deep. When she was ready, she’d tell me. “I guess so.”
She pulled away when I tried to hug her. I never thought I would see a day when I would want some distance from Cassie. I was wrong.



I went for a run. The one thing that usually cleared my mind wasn’t working.
My thoughts cycled in a whirlwind of why’s. Cassie was definitely lying to me about something big, and I had come to the conclusion she had been lying to me for quite a while. I was pretty sure it had to do with when her mom took her away, but I couldn’t be sure. I wanted to think Aunt Grace was the deceitful one, but that didn’t feel right. Her words came back in a rush: ‘Fae lords will be coming for you.’
Considering such a thing went against the foundations of reality. Even if I had hallucinated the pegasus, the guy on the bike was more than an ordinary man. Something within him called to something within me. I didn’t understand it. The only thing I could really hope for now was that I would never see him again. I shuddered at the thought even though I had always wished something magical would to happen to me.
I hadn’t realized as a child how frightening being swept off my feet by a fairy prince would be in real life. What would that man have done with me if I had stopped the car? He hadn’t exactly been the prince charming I had conjured up as a kid, either. He was a far sight larger and an eternity scarier.
I just needed to keep telling myself that none of this was true; none of this was real. The logical part of my mind sure thought that. Cassie was right. Aunt Grace was probably playing a trick on me.
My feet flew over the pavement, making short work of campus. I should have been recuperating from our trip, but I couldn’t rest with so many unknowns parading through my brain.
I slowed, my lungs needing more air than I could currently give them at the pace I had set. My mono-vision blurred outward. Enormous pine trees surrounded the narrow path I stood on. Dizziness overwhelmed me when I looked up at the sprawling branches. What the heck? No buildings were in sight.
How had I gotten into the woods? The place looked more like the Redwood Forest than the Nature Area of campus. This was just great. It probably wasn’t the best idea for me to be out here alone.
Okay. No need to panic. The rush of water thundered somewhere near me. If I followed the river, I could find my way back to my dorm. I headed toward the sound, kicking myself for not paying attention to where I was going.
A fat drop of rain pelted my cheek and slid down my face. A couple more splattered on my scalp. What was going on? The sky had been clear moments before. I gaped at the voluminous clouds rolling toward me. They were the deep, dark gray of a turbulent, summer storm. The wind picked up, sending my hair whipping around my face; I pulled it into a makeshift bun to get it out of my eyes. I had to find shelter. If only I had a clue where I was. Why had I been this stupid?
The heavens dumped on me like a waterfall. I usually loved staying out in the rain—that was because I had never experienced a tempest like this. A small roofline caught my attention, barely visible through the trees. I cut into the bushes toward it. The bramble dug into my flesh, leaving a crosshatch of welts on my arms.
The door of the old shack hung open at an odd angle, only attached by one leather hinge. Most of the windows were broken. Even though this was the sort of place an ax-murderer would hang out, I raced inside. It wasn’t like I had a better option.
The second I entered the room the musk of wet earth and ancient wood surrounded me. I breathed in deeply, savoring the freshness. The world seemed newer somehow.
The intricacy of the hand-planed walls mesmerized me. Even with how small it was, it must have taken forever to build this place. I sat cross-legged on the rickety floorboards waiting for the clouds to break. I could probably sit here for hours without much of a problem even if it wasn’t raining.
The sounds of nature floated near—the song of a bird melded with the percussion of the rain in a timeless, soothing rhythm. I closed my eyes, my nerves calming with every revitalizing lungful of air.
I would figure this out. Whatever it was, I would deal with it. My plight couldn’t be as bad as Aunt Grace had implied.
I pulled out my phone, trying her number again. It was busy. Of course.
I called Cassie to smooth things over before I went back—the same. It didn’t even roll to voice-mail.
I hit every saved number I had. They wouldn’t go through.
I tried the customer service number. No luck.
Frustration bubbled up in me like an over-full pot. What was going on? Despite the trees and the rain, I had a clear signal.
I took some more calming breaths, squaring my shoulders. I would use Cassie’s phone to call home. Everything was going to be fine. It had to be.
A twig cracked near the back of the shack, startling me. My scar lit up like a skyscraper at midnight. I turned toward the broken window. Nothing was there, but a dark foreboding washed over me in thick waves. Was that the wind or a hungry growl?
Another crack.
I bolted out the door, bounding on the sodden ground. I ignored the branches pulling at my arms and hair like greedy fingers. The rain soaked through my sweatshirt and jeans as if they were nothing more than linen sacks. I had to get to my dorm. I needed the safety of people.
A person stepped onto the path up ahead, undoubtedly male by the bulking frame. I skidded to a stop, my arms flailing for balance.
Most of his face was shrouded by the hooded trench coat he wore. Despite that and the sheets of rain, the caress of his gaze traveled the length of me. Not a second later, he started toward me in determined strides.
Frantic to find an escape, I searched the landscape for a side trail. I was being ridiculous. He was just a man—probably a Notre Dame student caught in the rain, just like me.
I would glide past him calmly. I might even say hello just to cut the tension.
A niggling thought made its way to the surface of my mind: What if he won’t let you?
A new emotion hit me like a tsunami. Incessant need climbed into my pounding heart. My body ached to be near him…just like the man on the bike. Could it be him? Had he really followed me here?
I stepped forward timidly.
What was I doing?
One more step.
Oh, no.
Why were my legs moving without me telling them to?
A horrible impulse surged through me to rush to his side. I longed for him to fold me in his all-encompassing embrace.
I was insane.
I did not know this man.
So why his pull command me forward no matter how hard I fought? Maybe I was hallucinating again. But how could a hallucination make my heart ache like this?
My faltering will and terrible need collided violently. I had to get closer to him.
He was my world.
I was reborn.
I smiled at my redeemer.
He moistened his bottom lip, biting down invitingly. Ever so slowly, his hands moved to the edge of his hood. Purple light pulsated from his fingers, spiraling down his body.
That wasn’t normal.
The thought floated away before I could grasp it.
A new one needed my attention.
My heart beat frantically in my chest as if it might sprout wings. I was going to see him.
Did I look okay? I raised a self-conscious hand to smooth my saturated hair and wiped running mascara from under my eyes. Hardly aware of what I was doing, I took another step toward him.
He hesitate and my body convulsed from the distance between us, but right now I couldn’t make myself move at all. When he pulled his hood back into place I nearly screamed. The only part of his face I could see was those glorious lips that turned in a violent frown? Did I do something wrong?
Voices cut through my thoughts.
No.
Laughing.
Giggles to be more precise. I hadn’t seen it before, but another path shimmered into view between us.
The hold the man had on me shattered. Apprehension flooded through me in a relentless surge.
He moved closer.
What was I still doing here? Why hadn’t I run when I had the chance? I retreated a step, searching for the happy people that might just be my salvation. I could still scream.
He frowned as if reacting to my thoughts and spun toward the chatter.
His rugged jaw tightened before his head veered to the right and back at me. His fists clenched at his sides.
One heartbeat. Two.
A flash of white.
A predatory smile curved his mouth moments before he saluted me. Then he stepped off the path toward the forest, disappearing behind a thicket of trees.
I remembered how to breathe.
A group of girls stomping through puddles came barreling toward me. One of them gasped, breaking away from the others. “Are you okay,” she asked, genuine concern clear in her tone.
“I—I think I’m lost.” I glanced ahead. The man was gone. The tree line looked different, not so thick. I would have sworn I had been in the middle of a vast forest, but I was on a large path in a thinly wooded area. I even heard the sounds of campus now. Where was the shack that had been there moments before? I forced myself to turn toward the girl on trembling knees. “How do I get back to Le Mans Hall?” My smile took quite a lot of effort. I didn’t want her to know how freaked out I was.
She gazed at me through kind green eyes. “This trail is tricky. I’ll show you.” Holding her umbrella higher, she stood beside me. “Here”
“Thanks,” I said, ducking under it. I welcomed the cover even though the rain had turned to a drizzle.
She laughed. “Won’t do you much good now. You look like you’ve been swimming in the river.”
My lips twitched into a minute smile, but it I couldn’t hold it long. Was that man still lurking in the shadows waiting to strike until I was alone? Was he a fae lord? Aunt Grace said they ran in packs. I prayed he was just a figment of my overactive imagination, all the while knowing in the bottom of my soul that he wasn’t. With more effort than it should have taken, I tore my gaze from the trees. “I should have paid attention to the weather when I left my room.” I glanced at the woods again. I couldn’t help it.
“Wow.” The girl’s gaze roamed over me. “You’re really shaken up.” She placed a reassuring hand on my arm. “Don’t worry. We’ll get you home and dry in no time.” She extended her hand toward me, grinning. “I’m Natalie Walker.”
She had an infectious smile, a short curvy frame, bright green eyes, fair freckled skin, and thick, bouncy auburn curls.
I gave her a curt nod and shoved my trembling hands into my pockets. “Rayla Tate.” I couldn’t say anything else. My throat was too tight with fear.
“Where are you from?” she asked, following my gaze over to the trees.
I ignored the intrepid call of the forest. I made myself look only at her. “Utah. You?”
“Arizona. Technically, we’re neighbors.” She smirked, cocking her head. “I can’t seem to get used to this place. There aren’t any landmarks to keep me grounded.”
Natalie Walker was a refreshing distraction. My fear slowly subsided with every normal word she uttered. I laughed. “I know, right? I feel lost without the mountains.”
She pointed toward her friends, who huddled together under cheery umbrellas, talking and giggling. Their bright rain-boots rebelled against the turbulent sky. “They keep telling me I’ll acclimate. I don’t know if that’s possible. Air is not supposed to be wet.”
I laughed. “You got that right.”
We walked toward the group. She introduced me. I was never going to remember all their names.
“Are you coming with us, Rayla?” asked one of the girls.
“I…” I should have been settling into my new life, making new friends, doing whatever college students normally do, not worrying that a pack of fae lords were going to come for me. Whatever that meant?
Having one man stalk me was bad enough, even if by some miracle he did turn out to be imaginary; more likely, a college student that was trying to be friendly. All I knew was nothing or no one could get me to go further down that path.
“I’m taking her back,” Natalie said, saving me. “She’ll catch a cold if she doesn’t get out of those clothes.”
I gave her a shy glance. “I don’t want to be a bother.”
Natalie took my elbow. “Couldn’t be if you tried.” She twisted toward the girls who were already skipping down the path in sets of two, arms linked. She shrugged. Her tone lowered. “See you guys later.”
I fought the temptation to tell those unaware girls, and campus police, about the man because I was probably either being paranoid or delusional. If I set aside the purple light I had seen, which I definitely could have imagined, that guy hadn’t actually done anything but walk toward me and smile—for all I knew he had been going for wolfish.
“I’m sorry to ruin your fun,” I said. I should have insisted she go with her friends, but I couldn’t get the words to come out.
She nudged my shoulder. “I hardly think pounding through puddles is enjoyable. You just got me out of an entire afternoon of wet misery. I should be thanking you.”
My mind stuttered momentarily. Was I actually having a real conversation? I blurted out the first thing that came to me. “Well, when you put it that way, why aren’t you?”
She laughed and I smiled. She showed me around campus a little bit before depositing me in front of my dorm.
Most of the buildings had a similar gothic charm, but some, like Regina Hall, were decidedly minimalistic boxes. Who knew the two styles could mesh so well.
She walked part way up the steps with me then smiled. “See you around, Rayla. Thanks again.” Without giving me a chance to reply, Natalie headed for her dorm.
She couldn’t know how grateful I was to her. I was going to have to be more careful from now on. Aunt Grace had been right about one thing, at least. I needed to stay around people. 





“I was worried about you,” Cassie said when I walked through the door.
Water from my clothes dripped all over her shaggy, hot-pink rug. Amazingly enough, she had transformed the blank room into a miniature reflection of home. She opened a drawer and handed me a soft, white towel.
“Thanks,” I said, making good use of her offering.
I peeled my shirt off first. An unopened banana would have been more comfortable than me with my clothes clinging uncomfortably to my skin like this.
She sat solemnly on her bed, her eyes downcast. “I’m sorry, Rayla. I just don’t know how to deal with what happened. I know you think that you saw a p-p…”
“Pegasus,” I finished for her. I locked my knees and waited for her to confess that she had been too afraid to talk about it.
“Yes, well, I think it was just a trick of the light. That guy was trying to scare us.”
I narrowed my eyes, claiming her gaze. No matter how much I had tried to convince myself otherwise, the man in the woods had not been normal. I had already had enough time to be sure he was the motorcyclist. Even with all my doubts, I couldn’t deny the effect he had on me. “I know what I saw.” She could deny it all she wanted, but what that guy had done couldn’t have been smoke and mirrors.
At least she was admitting she had seen him now. It was a start.
Her expression didn’t change. She still had that mechanical smile on when she climbed down the ladder. “You’ll realize I’m right over time. It was an isolated incident.” Her solid tone made me wonder if she was trying to convince herself. “There isn’t anything to worry about.”
Not believing how lame she was being, I stood rigidly in front of her. She thought this was simply going to go away. I wished she was right, but it wasn’t likely that man would leave me alone. He followed us here for heaven’s sake. “That’s just it. It might not be an isolated incident.”
She scowled. “What are you saying, Rayla?”
I motioned toward the window. “I had a guy just about accost me in the woods.” I might have been exaggerating slightly. Who knew what he would have done if he had gotten his hands on me, but I needed her to tell me what she knew about this whole mess. I shuddered, thinking about what might have happened if Natalie hadn’t come along when she did.
Cassie leaned against the door-jam to the bathroom, crossing her arms. “What were you doing out in the woods?”
I grunted in disgust. She was avoiding the obvious. “Can’t you think of a better question than that?” The last thing I wanted was for Cassie to leave, but I had to have answers. If Aunt Grace was right, Cassie had some information to share.
Instead of answering me, she ducked into the bathroom for a minute and came out with a tissue. Pointing to my nose, she handed it to me. I wiped and blew. What, now she was my mother? Despite my irritation, I nodded my thanks. She climbed back up to the top bunk.
With conflicting thoughts almost visible in her eyes, she turned toward me. “It was probably—”
“Sure,” I said. “I know what you’re going to say. He was probably some Notre Dame student that got caught in the rain.” Hadn’t that been what I had first thought about him? But he was more than an ordinary man. No guy had ever caused such emotion in me, as if he was meant for me. No, that wasn’t right—it was more like I was meant for him.
Cassie’s justification attempts bubbled my insides to a slow boil. I continued without giving her a chance to butt in, “Or maybe my nerves are frazzled right now? This one is even better. I’m imagining things.” I poised my hand in front of me and motioned as I said, “Blah. Blah. Blah!”
“Rayla!”
Her gaze on me might as well have been a laser beam. I hadn’t meant to be so rude, but she was making me crazy with her denial. I worked on toweling my hair while I raised a questioning look to her. “You know something more about this.” I tried to swallow the hurt choking my throat. How could she betray the unspoken rules of our friendship like this? “Why won’t you help me?”
She cringed, splaying her hands wide. “It’s going to be okay,” she said in a rush. “We don’t need to worry about it. You’ll see. They will go away.” Her hand shot up to cover her mouth. With shaking fingers she ran her other hand through her midnight ringlets. She looked as guilty as a dog caught tipping over the garbage.
“Say too much, did you?”
Keeping her eyes downcast, she played with the edge of her new quilt. “I should just go home. I can’t get involved in this stuff again.”
“What stuff? Tell me what’s going on!”
Her expression scrunched in clear pain. “I can’t.” Her deadly quiet voice chilled me.
“More like, won’t. I thought you were my best friend. I need the truth! Am I in danger?”
Without so much as a sound, she leapt from the top bunk and bolted out the door.



I had to go to orientation alone. Giggling girls flanked me everywhere I turned. I got a few, tentative smiles, but who would want to befriend someone donning a perpetual frown.
When Cassie returned late that evening, I pulled the covers closer to my neck. Sleep was a distant dream. Not even bothering to turn on the lights, she tip-toed around the room and slipped into bed without saying anything. I was still hurt, so I kept quiet. I hadn’t been able to use her phone to try Aunt Grace again, and tomorrow was going to be a busy day.
When exhaustion finally took me, I surrendered completely. I had been afraid I would have nightmares about cloaked specters riding winged creatures. Thankfully, I didn’t even dream.



With the new day came a stronger determination. If Cassie wouldn’t talk to me, I would figure things out without her.
I pulled out my laptop and looked up one word: Fairies.
How could I get through millions of webpages? I tried to narrow my search. This time I typed: Fairy lore.
Now all I had to do was wade through nearly four million sites. One said that the fae were called Sidhe, pronounced ‘she’. My brows lifted at that one, but I tried it anyway. Even with the drastic reduction in results, I would never get through all of them in my lifetime.
I started with the first. Good old Wiki. A chill ran up my spine as I read:

They are said to live underground in the fairy mounds, across the western sea, or in an invisible world that coexists with the world of humans.

The more I researched the deeper fear sank into my chest. To my dismay, it didn’t stop there. By the time I read a few more pages, full-blown trepidation had spread down to the tips of my toenails. I learned nearly every country on the planet has some sort of fairy lore. The beings are called different things, of course, but the stories were remarkably similar. One eerie theme kept popping up. It seemed that fairies like to steal humans, mostly women.
I even found out fairy people were absurdly called ‘the lordly ones.’ If Aunt Grace was right, and I hadn’t caught Cassie’s hallucination bug, I might just have plenty of them after me soon. Just how many made up a pack?
I couldn’t believe Aunt Grace had said that I was created for fae lords, as though my sole purpose in life was to service them. Forget what I wanted. I belonged to them. As if I would ever let that happen.
I had finally admitted to myself that this might be real. Only time could give me an actual answer on that one. But if any man thought I was going to just let him have me, he was up for a huge disappointment. I hoped this was just an elaborate ruse set up by Aunt Grace to make me regret disobeying her.
Unfortunately, all the hope in the world wouldn’t make something like that true. It really wasn’t her style. She was more likely to come get me herself than to send some guy on a bike.
Besides, she had already made it clear I couldn’t come home. Few things could make her sound panicked like that. It was fine by me. I didn’t want to leave.
I needed to focus on my classes. I came to St. Mary’s to get a great education, so I could make something of myself. I was not about to let a pack of fae lords, no matter how intimidating, steal my life from me. If they did come around, I would simply tell them to go find another girl to terrorize. I couldn’t worry about what some imaginary people, as Cassie had called them, might do to me. I already had enough reality to deal with.
My schedule was demanding and didn’t allow me to be distracted. My hardest class was biology. Cassie had wanted me to take it with her. I preferred it to chemistry, so I agreed.
That’s where I was now, with Cassie sitting next to me. She kept shyly chancing glances.
When I finally smiled at her, she visibly relaxed. I had come to the conclusion that she would open up to me in her own time. Pushing her hadn’t done me any good. There had to be a good reason for her to be so guarded. Besides, days had passed and nothing else had happened. I was beginning to think Cassie had been right. We hadn’t really spoken much, but she was slowly starting to relax around me again.
All I had to do was be patient—or be taken by fae lords. Either way, I would find out what was going on. Until something occurred, though, I had to live.
Thankfully, I hadn’t felt the terror that had blighted my life since my first day here. I was slowly settling in to my routine. I found a job that I start next week. The positions on campus had been filled fast, but our librarian gave me advanced notice about an opening at the Hesburgh Library at Notre Dame.
I still had no idea why Aunt Grace told me to stay away from there, but my funds were dwindling to nothing. Maybe I had misunderstood her? I had no way of really knowing. Unfortunately, I hadn’t been able to contact her for a real explanation. My phone wouldn’t work. I hadn’t had any luck with Cassie’s, either. That worried me more than I wanted to admit.
If I hadn’t known better, I would have thought something was blocking my calls. After several attempts, I had finally gotten a hold of the customer service department. The guy working with me gave up after a few hours of me trying to explain the absurdness that had become my phone. He suggested I buy a new one—another expense I couldn’t afford.
My blasted e-mails wouldn’t even go through. I went old-school and mailed a letter home before I came to class. I needed to contact Aunt Grace. Her comments were like a pesky fly landing on my brain at the most inconvenient moments: like now.
Excited conversation erupted all around me. What had I missed?
“So what do you think we should do?” Cassie asked.
I scanned the room, hoping for some kind of clue. Nothing. I finally settled for the dumb approach. “Huh?”
Cassie’s little laugh was barely audible. She sucked her upper lip inward and cleared her throat. “How do you think we should organize our presentation?”
I had no idea what she was even talking about, so I improvised. “Your ideas are always way better than mine.”
She smirked and tapped her finger pensively on her chin a few times. “Well, we could do a power-point, but that’s boring. There has to be something she wouldn’t expect.” She turned her hand over in a one-sided shrug. “You’re the creative one.”
“Who are you talking about?” I asked in confusion.
She looked at me as if I had just grown another eyeball. “Professor Blakely. Earth to Rayla. Where have you been for the last half-hour?”
I grunted. I needed to focus. No amount of thinking about the fae was going to help me pass this class. For whatever reason, I was sure the professor didn’t really like me. She seemed sharper with her comments to me than the other students. I could have been imagining her coldness, though. Just like everything else lately. Either way, I wouldn’t pass on a chance to get a few extra brownie points from a great presentation. “Maybe we should think about it for a while. Something fantastic is bound to come to us.”
Cassie tapped her pen pointedly on her notebook. The light from the windows bounced off the shiny red surface and into my eyes. “I would rather have a plan,” she said. “That way we’ll know what to shoot.”
I frowned at her, angling my neck away from her so I could actually focus on something other than the light blinding me. She’d said something about shooting. I was quite sure hunting wasn’t allowed on campus. I’ve always found dissecting disgusting, and the thought of slicing and dicing something I killed just wouldn’t going to work for me.
I wasn’t about to go to the river to catch an unsuspecting frog, either. I refused to do it in high school, and I hadn’t changed my mind about the subject. Back then, my biology teacher had taken pity on me and order sharks instead. Absurdly enough, I hadn’t minded cutting into the predator. I learned more about myself in that class than I had in anatomy.
Cassie shook her head before shoving her notes under my nose. Our midterm assignment was to photograph as many species of birds in the nature area as possible. The winners would get their presentations posted on the department’s website.
This assignment should have captured my interest. I had no idea why it hadn’t other than that I had no desire to ever put a foot in the Nature Area again. I shrugged that thought away. Fear would not rule me. “Maybe we could do a collage of all of the birds.”
Cassie’s eyes crinkled when she grinned. She yanked her folder away from me playfully, scanning her notes. “We have to do better than that!”
I laughed. “Leave me alone. A three dimensional collage beats a power point any day.”
She murmured something incoherent, suddenly distracted. She kept glancing over to the corner of the room.
I didn’t want to, but I had to tell her about the library. She wouldn’t be happy. “I start my job on Monday.”
“Great.” She sounded like she was trying for enthusiastic, but it hadn’t come out that way. Eeyore could have done better.
All thoughts about her being happy about my schedule disintegrated. “I’ll only be working ten hours a week.” I had really wanted twenty.
Her gaze locked on the corner again. “That’s good.”
I waved my hand in front of her face. “Is that all you have to say?”
She turned toward me, her expression bleak. “What else is there? You won’t listen to me.” She bit her bottom lip, something she did that when she was nervous.
She had offered to pay for everything. She even said her parents gave her extra cash for me, but I couldn’t allow them to pay for my college tuition and everything else. They’d covered it up as a scholarship, but I found out differently when I called the school to ask some questions. Embarrassment and pride kept me from talking to them about it. One day, I would repay them. Until then I was going to keep my debt to a minimum. Still distracted, she glanced around the room again. “Cassie, what’s wrong with you? What are you looking for?”
“Nothing.” Her tone told me differently. “I thought I saw a girl from my Spanish class.”
That excuse might have worked on someone who hadn’t known her for years, but I wasn’t buying it. She’d gone pale. Her eyes were wide, frantically searching the room for something, not someone. Her gaze darted to corners, under desks, and on the floor.
Not many students hung out there. “Did you lose something?” It was the only logical conclusion to justify her odd behavior.
“No.” She turned toward me, looking confused. “I don’t know.” Her skin was tight. A ruddy glow spread up her neck and her breath came rapidly.
I touched her shoulder. “What is it? I’ll help you find it.”
She sighed. “It doesn’t matter.”
She was trying to dismiss the subject. Unfortunately, I still had no clue what we were even talking about.
“Hey,” she said brightly. “The first home-game is Saturday. You’re coming, right?”
I mustered up as much animation as I could. “Wouldn’t miss it!”
“Could you sound any more bored?” Her zeal heightened the intensity of her next words. “This is going to be a terrific game.”
All games were wonderful to Cassie. She wouldn’t care if it was raining, snowing, or worse. She would find something to exaggerate about. “I’m excited. Really.”
“Pretend I believe you,” she said dryly.
I put a sly twist into my smile thinking of our old games. “Only if you pretend I’m just as stoked as you are.”
“Deal,” she said.
I sauntered my way to my acrylics class wondering if I expected way too much of myself. I had thought my art classes would be easy, but I found them more difficult than I had anticipated.
The other day I went over my schedule with my counselor. If I had even a shot of getting into the FBA program, I had a lot of work ahead of me. The competition was fierce, and if I didn’t step up my game, I would be lucky to get my BA.
Every art teacher I’d had since the seventh grade had raved about my talent. From the artwork I had seen already, all the students in the Fine Arts program had amazing gifts. What I had to find out was how mine differed from theirs. I loved all kinds of art: sculpting, writing, dancing, even drama—when other people did it—not so much when I attempted it.
I especially excelled in painting. My dream was to become world renowned, but I had to have connections for that to happen. I just didn’t quite know how to get them yet.
I hurried into the classroom and took out my supplies. The dull landscape on the easel mocked me. I’d gotten the composition right, but the colors needed work. I was going for serene, but I had missed the mark by a few thousand miles.
Professor Brown said, casing the classroom, “How do you feel when you think about the place you have chosen? What noises do you hear? Is the wind blowing?”
He stood near my shoulder, observing me. The fresh scent of his soap wafted around me, but it couldn’t disguise the intimidation that seeped into my heart. Did he want me to answer him? I glanced at him sidelong.
He shook his head fractionally. Even though I waited for him to do it, he didn’t roll his eyes. “Your job is to make me feel the wind, hear the birds, and smell the flowers. You need to create a mood with your color choices.” He put a pointed twist in his tone. “Exact matches of nature will only leave your work flat.”
Thankfully he moved on to terrorize a girl in the next row. I had always gone for realism in my work, but perhaps he had a point.
I rearranged the pictures in my hands. Looking at the images brought back some of my happiest memories of mine and Cassie’s favorite spot to play, but those wouldn’t translate onto the canvas. I had to figure out how to capture my feelings with color. Cool-tones were serene to me, but those were hardly hues associated with the desert.
I spent most of class just trying to mix the right green. By the time I left, I was tempted to chuck my brushes across the room. Professor Brown hadn’t come around again, and I was thankful.
When I raced out of the building I nearly ran over Natalie Walker. A guilty smirk tugged on my lips. “Sorry. I need to pay more attention to where I’m going.”
Her emerald eyes absolutely shone with hilarity. “I swear that was what you said the last time I saw you.”
“Yeah, well, you’d think I would have learned my lesson.” I sent her a big smile. “How are things?” I liked Natalie. She was cheerful, and that was something I could use in bucketfuls.
Her gaze darted around as though she were a secret agent worried about eavesdroppers. She motioned me closer, whispering, “I had no idea that a barely concealed convent could be this much fun.”
I didn’t know how the school compared to a real nunnery, but I shrugged at her irreverent statement. The whole Catholic thing was new to me. Maybe it was an inside joke? “Do you know something about this place that I don’t?” I had done quite a bit since coming here, but I wouldn’t classify much of it as pleasurable.
Her brows furrowed in confusion. “You’re not enjoying your classes?”
I shifted my backpack to the other shoulder. “It’s just harder than I thought it would be.” My gaze fell to my loafers. “It also doesn’t help that Cassie and I haven’t been getting along very well.”
“That’s no good. But who’s Cassie?”
I couldn’t believe I hadn’t mentioned her the other day. “My best friend. She’s also my roommate.” She was way more than that to me. She was like my sister—one that felt more like my second cousin twice removed on my great aunt’s side, lately.
Natalie’s eyes narrowed slightly. She pursed her lips thoughtfully, shielding her eyes from the glaring sun. “You’re way braver than I am. I need my own space. That’s why I picked a single in Regina. Why are you fighting?”
I didn’t know the answer to her question. I moved a little bit so she wouldn’t have to squint at me. “It’s a long story.”
She grabbed my arm lightly, pulling me into motion. “I’m not trying to pry, but if you need to talk…”
She didn’t have to say another word. I had to talk to someone or burst. “She’s refusing to tell me something, and I don’t quite know how to handle it.” Cassie and I hadn’t had a real conversation in days. The amorphous blob of tension in our room had become difficult to maneuver around. Time to change the subject. My problems with Cassie had already taken up too many of my thoughts today. “What are you doing that is so much fun, anyway?”
Natalie’s features turned bright. She squealed. “I met a guy over the summer.”
From the look on her face he was the best thing since chocolate. “Lucky,” I said, if a little insincere. I didn’t need that sort of complication in my life. One thing had me curious, though. She couldn’t have been here much longer than I had. “That’s awesome. I was about to ask you how you met him so soon? Boys are scarce around these parts.”
“He’s a student at Notre Dame, so I actually get to see him more now than when we were home.” Her eyes glazed over while a pretty blush colored her cheeks. “I’ve only known him for two months, but it feels like years. You should have seen me when I found out he attended Notre Dame. They could barely get me off the roof.”
I’d felt that way once, too. Infatuation is a dangerous thing. It masquerades as love when you don’t know any better. I hoped that when I had the feeling again, I would be wise enough to tell the difference. I stopped my mind from rummaging through the place that housed the feelings I once harbored for Brody Smith. He just wouldn’t stay buried.
“What’s he like?” I asked.
“He’s cute, funny, clumsy—”
“I am not,” a man said from behind us.
Natalie gasped, turning. Her smile along with the blush coloring her cheeks set her face aglow. “Rayla, this is Sam.”
He looked like he was a few years older than me. He had a flashy smile, deep brown eyes, a hawk nose, and straight black hair cropped below his ears. Natalie captivated him so much he barely glanced at me.
“Good to meet you,” I said.
He grabbed Natalie’s hand and pulled her against him. “I might say the same if my girl here wasn’t making me sound like such a loser.” He cocooned her slowly in his arms.
“I was not,” Natalie said indignantly, but her body language belied her tone as she leaned into him.
He tweaked her nose. “First of all, baby, no guy ever wants to be called cute. Second, clumsy is not a redeeming quality. And funny is for friends, not your hot new boyfriend.” With that said, he gave her a teasing smile.
She shook her head seriously. “You didn’t let me get to the best part.”
“Which was?” Sam asked.
She craned her neck, her eyes sweeping over him before she nudged him gently. “What a great kisser you are.”
Sam took his turn at blushing. They were cute together, but I was totally in the way.
“Hey, Natalie, can I borrow your cell for a minute?” I wanted to find out if my hunch was correct: That I wouldn’t be able to make any calls home.
When she handed me her phone, I stepped quickly away from the two of them. Oh, brother. The wallpaper was a picture of her and Sam, lips locked.
I walked over to a bench, dialing home. To my utter surprise, Jenny answered.
My breath whooshed out when I heard her voice. “Hi Jen!” I said. “Is Grace home?”
Jenny grunted as if I had lost it. “She’s at work. How’s Snow?”
That was stupid of me. My aunt was nearly always out. I should have tried her cell, but why hadn’t Aunt Grace told Jenny I wasn’t in Utah anymore? I didn’t have the time or the desire to get into that subject. “It’s good—busy.”
“I want details, Rayla. Have you met any cute guys?”
She sounded so excited I couldn’t disappoint her. I still remembered the new-found interest I had for boys at twelve. “A few,” I lied. Sam was the first guy I had actually met since coming here.
“I miss you,” she said, her voice cracking.
Tears sprang to my eyes. “Me, too.” I hadn’t considered how much I would miss my family when I decided to come here. I hadn’t thought about a lot of things.
She sniffed. “When are you coming home?”
“I don’t know. I promise I will as soon as I can.” Guilt crept into my soul. She was really young, and I had left her to take care of Sarah. “How are things? Is Sarah minding you?”
“It’s okay. It’s just not the same here without you.”
I cringed. “Do you like your new room?” I figured she would be happy having some space to herself.
“Yeah, it’s good. I’ve been using your lights, though. I think it’s going to take a little while for me to get used to sleeping alone.”
I had hung Christmas lights across my entire ceiling, pretending they were for decoration. Fact was: I couldn’t sleep without them, not with the dark closing in on me. “Play the stereo, but not too loudly. Don’t give Travis an excuse to get you kicked out.” Travis had begged for my room, but Aunt Grace thought it was silly to move him and Jenny.
“I’ll try that.”
“I’d better go, Jen. Will you have Aunt Grace call me?”
“I’ll tell her, but I’m not making any promises. She’ll be back at six.”
I hung up more nostalgic than I could have ever imagined. Jenny was probably helping Sarah with her homework. Who would have ever guessed I would regret skipping that part of my day? I got voice mail when I called Aunt Grace’s cell. Figures.
Natalie and Sam were making out under a tree when I rounded the corner. I was tempted to take off with her phone just in case mine didn’t work later, but I interrupted them instead. “Hi.” I reluctantly held the phone out to her. “Um, here, Natalie.”
She wiped her mouth, smiling. “Did I mention what a great kisser Sam is?”
I nodded. “Got that.”
Awkward.
“Hey, come get something to eat with us,” she said.
I was about to decline when Sam mentioned they were meeting up with some friends. I could use more of those, especially now that Cassie was being so distant. Besides, I did have time to kill before my last class of the day. It didn’t hurt that I had skipped lunch. Since coming here, my appetite had nearly vanished. Still, I could make myself eat.
When we walked into the cafeteria, I searched the tables wondering which group I would be joining. My gaze landed on the most striking man I had ever seen. His dark walnut hair fell in a messy array around his tawny features. To my surprise, we headed toward him. The man smiled charmingly as we walked closer. His bright eyes pulled me in, trapping me.
A thick sapphire halo encased his startling pale blue irises. When I got closer, a starburst of aqua was visible around his pupils. It wasn’t the beauty of his odd eyes, exactly, that made my knees nearly buckle. I didn’t know what it was, but I couldn’t breathe. I couldn’t think. My heart danced wildly to his tune.
When the group stood, he towered over them, nearly a head taller than everybody else. He wore a black tee that clung in just the right places with faded jeans slung low on narrow hips and worn leather boots covering his rather large feet. I tried my hardest not to gawk.
He smirked knowingly. I smiled as if I had just seen my first parade.
The room full of people melted away, blocked out by the radiance of this one man—until Natalie cleared her throat.
“Rayla, this is Zach.”
“Hi,” I said breezily.
“Back at you,” he replied with a lopsided grin and a barely noticeable lilt to his deep voice. Slight dimples lent a boyish charm to his otherwise chiseled features. “Come sit by me, Rayla.” He held his hand out to me expectantly. “I was beginning to feel like the odd man out.”
No wonder. We were surrounded by couples. Natalie and Sam hadn’t bothered to mention that. I took a deep breath, lacing my fingers with his—and gasped. When his skin touched mine, an electric anticipation ran up my hand then spread throughout my entire frame like a warm flowing spring.
Zach studied me, peering down at me through narrowed lashes. “Something wrong, love?”





Love? Where exactly was he from? “I’m fine,” I said. I was anything but, really. My body hummed melodically every time his thumb traced my skin. It seemed to take us a year to get to our seats.
Natalie grinned at me when Zach didn’t let go of my hand. I shook my head fractionally, eyes wide, trying to get her to stop embarrassing me.
I hated being introduced to this many people at once. I usually feel uneasy around a group this large, but today was worse. There were eight people I couldn’t converse well with because I didn’t want to say “Hey, you.”
“So, Rayla, what brings you to St. Mary’s?” Zach asked. The lilting way he said my name enveloped me like a sweet ballad.
I tried to wipe the perm-a-smile from my face, but it refused to budge. “I liked what they had to offer.” My reasoning had been way more complicated, but such information wasn’t the sort of thing to get into after just meeting someone.
“I’m thinking I agree with you.” He winked. “Too bad they won’t let the likes of me in here. I’m lucky to be eating lunch with you.”
Sam leaned toward me conspiratorially. “There he goes again. You better watch out. He’s bound to start an uprising.”
Zach inclined his head, looking down his straight nose toward Sam. “Why should a beautiful woman such as Rayla be secreted away from the masculine persuasion? I tell you it is a crime to be sure.”
Had I heard that right? He thought I was beautiful? A pleasurable shiver slipped up my spine. I laughed. “I haven’t exactly been hidden.”
He squeezed my fingers gently. “Have you not, now? If you were at Notre Dame, I would never let those stormy eyes of yours out of my sight. They remind me of the clouds here just before it snows.” He smiled mischievously, running his thumb leisurely over my knuckles. When he came nearer, his mesmerizing eyes entranced me. “I’d even change my major to be near you, lass. Now, I can’t do that here, can I?” He stiffened his back, running his hand down his silhouette as if emphasizing his height. “I could dress up as a girl, but I hardly think anyone would buy it.”
I sure wouldn’t. I couldn’t even picture him in women’s clothes, and I had always had a great imagination.
One of the guys shook his head. “A declaration like that might mean more if you didn’t change your major daily.” He elbowed Zach in the side. “Can’t you see you’re embarrassing the girl? She’ll mark you as some sort of lunatic stalker if you don’t lay off.”
My face was aflame. It had to be two shades redder than Rudolph’s glowing nose. I hadn’t ever had someone come on to me so strongly, especially not someone as attractive as Zach. Well, to be fair, I hadn’t ever seen someone like him. He wasn’t pretty-boy handsome like Brody. He was pure muscles-bulging-everywhere-rugged man with high voltage eyes and a mystifying smile.
Zach turned toward me, concern clear on his face. “I’m used to being a bit bold around women I find irresistible. Do you wish me to tone it down?”
My stomach did a flip at the sultry look he shot me. “Maybe a little,” I said. He was a lot to handle even without his brazen advances.
“Okay, love, we’ll take it slow.” He nudged my foot under the table and a calm sensation rushed through my veins, reigning in my heartbeat. “How’s that sound?”
I smiled, wondering why I had gotten so freaked out. Zach already felt like an old friend, and I had only known him a few minutes. “Better.”
We talked about our majors, everyone except Zach. He slumped low in his seat, casually listening to each one of us discuss our reasons for existing. He threw out the odd pithy comment, but other than that, he didn’t say much. I had never laughed as much as I had today. Even though he was the silent, brooding type, he was still fun to be around. Amazingly, I liked being the object of his affections. Something not quite tangible about him set me at ease.
Too soon, he escorted me to my next class. Man I wanted to spend more time with him.
“So, I’ll see you tomorrow, then?” he asked, coming closer.
His size absolutely intimidated me, but his nearness was what made my heart flutter like a dying moth. He wanted me to go to the football game with him, so I had invited him to come with Cassie and me. “Uh-huh,” I said dreamily.
That was the best I could come up with? Good grief, I sounded like a moron.
His fingertips brushed my cheek lightly before he turned and sauntered away, whistling a sad sort of melody that brought to mind long lost loves and days gone by. I watched him go, realizing I didn’t know anything about him other than his name. I could have practically written biographies for every person sitting at that table by the time we were done talking today, but not him. Why was that?



“What do you mean you’re ‘sort of’ bringing a date to the game?” Cassie complained. Her bottom lip protruded in an exaggerated pout.
I had purposely waited until morning to tell her that Zach was coming with us. I knew she’d be upset, but I had no way of contacting him to see if he knew anyone to set her up with. I didn’t even have Natalie’s number yet. “I know. I’m really sorry, but maybe he’ll come with a friend.” I prayed he would. I should have asked him when I had the chance, but the minute he mentioned me going with him to the game, my mind short circuited. It had been too busy reeling to think clearly enough to worry about Cassie.
Cassie’s cheeks rose perkily in a smile. Her raven curls bounced as she clasped her hands together. “I hope so.”
Seeing her this animated made my smile bigger. I craved to settle into one of our comfortable conversations. It wouldn’t hurt to try again. “How have you been, Cass?”
Her tone leaked frustration. “Fine.”
I shook my head at her. I hadn’t brought up that rider or pegasus in days, yet worry still clouded her normally bright eyes. “What’s with you? Since when did you start answering questions with one syllable?”
She shrugged and plopped onto the crisp sofa that had been delivered yesterday morning. I thought we’d get a used one somewhere, but this was straight from the showroom. The winter white chenille contrasted well with the hot pink and lime green of her bedspread. In fact, the only thing that wasn’t coordinated perfectly was my bunk. I was kind of surprised she didn’t throw a fit when I insisted on keeping my favorite quilt.
Aunt Grace had given it to me a few years ago. I asked her when she had found time to make it. She claimed she bought it, but I knew better. She would have never watched me so intently when I opened the package if that had been the case.
Cassie hugged her knees then picked at a fringed hole in her sleeve. “I don’t know what to say. Unlike you, I didn’t get to meet a great guy yesterday. You don’t even care about guys right now. How fair is that?”
I shrugged. “If Zach doesn’t know anyone, I’ll ask Natalie.”
She stood up, shoving her hands into her pockets. “That’s another thing. When have you had time to make new friends without me? You’re going to be gone most of the time from now on, and I won’t have anyone to hang out with.” She fully glared at me now. “And another thing, since you brought it up. I really don’t like any of my classes.”
Wow. Where had that come from? I refused to feel bad about trying to take care of myself. She thought I should be fine with her parents paying for my expenses as well as hers. I just couldn’t do that and like myself. “I won’t be working that much, and you know it. You’ll hardly even realize I’m gone.”
“So you say.” She plopped back down and started surfing TV channels distractedly.
I watched her for a moment, but she wouldn’t look at me again. We had to get past this barrier. Time for a different approach. “What are you wearing to the ga—?”
She flicked the TV off faster than I could get the words out. The remote fell out of her hands like last week’s trash. This was the first time real excitement shone in her eyes since the day we arrived here. Her smile could have lit up Manhattan. “I was thinking we should go to the gift shop. You know, show some spirit.”
I could deal with shopping if it would keep that smile on her face. “What are you waiting for?”
She didn’t even answer. She bolted to get her purse and turned to me eagerly.
We made the fairly long walk to Notre Dame because Cassie didn’t like the selection in our store. She had been too impatient to wait for a shuttle, and we were nowhere near my car.
I didn’t mind. I loved being in nature, and I hadn’t dared go out alone since I met that guy in the woods. It had been two weeks already; I missed my runs.
The beauty of campus struck me again. The trees on the Avenue swayed in the fresh breeze as glimmering light filtered through the leaves.
Leaving my new sanctuary left me decidedly uneasy, but I had to go to Notre Dame sometime. Better to rip off the bandage than to lull myself into a false sense of safety. Besides, we were around so many people, how could fae lords, if they existed, and I still wasn’t saying they did, do anything to me here? I didn’t know why I was still so worried. I reminded myself once again that nothing had happened in quite some time.
“This one looks nice,” I said, holding up the fifteenth sweatshirt I’d found in Cassie’s size. I didn’t know why it mattered so much. They were mostly blue, white, or gold with the exception of an occasional pink, girly one or the generic leprechaun green that had nothing to do with Notre Dame colors. At least this had a cool design. Stunning images of campus surrounded the Fighting Irish logo.
Cassie took it from me, rubbed the fabric between her fingers, made a face, then handed it back. “It’s nice, but just not, well, special enough.”
I snorted, waving my arm sideways for emphasis. “I hardly think you’re going to find a one of a kind in here.”
She smiled sheepishly at me. “It’s the first game. I want to stand out.” She held up a white and gold jersey that had the number ten on it. “What do you think?”
Smiling, I shook my head then raised the shirt in my hand higher. “Like that’s any better than this.” If she was going for different, she hadn’t found it. The store was packed with number ten gear.
Not to be distracted, she dug into the rack again. “Help me find a blue one. It will go better with my eyes.”
I started my search, but my heart wasn’t in it anymore. “What’s so great about ten, anyway?”
She straightened, giving me her ‘you’re too clueless to live’ look. “It’s Devon King’s number.”
“Who?”
“He’s the new quarterback.” She said it like anyone in the world should have known who he was.
I might have guessed. Cassie had a thing for quarterbacks.
I’d have thought she’d prefer a tight-end.
“I have the perfect thing for you,” a deep voice rang out, blazing through my soul like a forest fire.
I hastily glanced up from the rack. Cassie spun around as if she had casters for feet.
Four men stood casually in front of us like runaways from Mt. Olympus. Each man exuded the cocky assurance that he was the best option a woman could have. He was it—the end. Every one of them was absolutely stunning, not to mention intimidating.
And I thought Zach was bad.
They posed like chiseled marble deities. Michelangelo couldn’t have done better. Was the whole world full of exquisite men, or was it just Notre Dame?
The man smiling radiantly at Cassie had bronze skin with dark cascading chestnut hair that seemed to shine with an inner light. The clingy white tee he held sported an image of a blue and gold stiletto heeled cleat with a number ten on it. ‘Long live the King’ was written under it in bold letters.
His amber gaze landed on mine, lighting an unquenchable inferno in the pit of my stomach. He smiled charmingly, a Celtic dream.
Cassie stepped timidly toward him. “That’s exactly what I’ve been looking for.” Inching closer to him, she accepted the shirt with a start-struck expression plastered to her rosy features. “Now this is special, Rayla.”
I jumped at the sharp sound of indrawn breath. Each man contributed equally to the symphony. I was immediately uneasy, and not in an ‘I’ve got four hot guys surrounding me’ sort of way.
These men certainly looked otherworldly. Could they really be fae? I had pretty much discounted the idea that the fae even existed, but there was something different about them that I couldn’t quite grasp.
For some reason I didn’t like that they knew my name. Refusing to look directly at any of them, I turned toward Cassie. “We should go.”
“Why the hurry, beautiful?” the blonde asked in a southern California accent, sliding up next to me. He shot me a full, glorious smile.
The epitome of a sun god, his bright cerulean eyes taunted me playfully. His shoulder length blond hair was split down the middle, falling in light waves that caressed his golden, Thor-like face. The closer he came to me, the more my scar itched. I fought the urge to scratch it even though it rushed with sensation. My body trembled as he came nearer.
“I thought we were going to get something for you, too,” Cassie said. Her curious eyes studied me as if I’d gone crazy.
Didn’t they affect her like they did me? She stood there casually with a glazed look in her eyes. “Nope. I’m good.” I nodded toward the door, giving her another look.
“Let us help you,” one of the other men suggested in a satin tone that fell on my senses like a feather-light kiss. My body shifted to his signal. Although extremely different in appearance from the guy standing next to me, my awareness of the speaker affected me in the same odd way. His call took over my senses as though he were the only man on earth.
His eyes were deep-set caramel pools, his skin russet velvet. His thick black tresses were pulled back in a crisp queue: The perfect Latin lover. His sumptuous lips turned in an inviting smile. I looked away shyly.
“Are you all players?” Cassie asked innocently. Her gaze darted from each one and back again as though she was having trouble determining which of them was best.
The last man in the group burst out in a husky laugh. I shivered as he became my new world. His rich obsidian eyes pointedly surveyed the scene. I doubted he missed much.
He was a few inches taller and quite a bit larger than the rest of them even though each man was very nearly a giant and perfectly muscled in the way of Adonis. Flawless mocha skin and long dark braids completed his exotic look: The ultimate jungle warrior.
“Of a sort,” he replied in a tone that sent a quake of sensual expectation through my entire frame. He smiled at me possessively, as though I were his somehow.
Aunt Grace’s words were tattooed in my memory. These men fit the description. They were all exquisitely, inhumanly stunning. I wasn’t sure about the cunning part, but I didn’t want to get anywhere near them if they could be lethal.
I made a mistake by coming here. I should have never come to Notre Dame.
The blonde came closer. “How about it, Rayla? Will you let us help you?”
The way he said my name revved my pulse like a V12 at full throttle, but just as quickly a calming sensation washed over me, settling my nerves. I wanted to give him anything he asked for. I wanted to toss my hair, bat my eyelashes, and accidentally brush up against him just to feel his body next to mine. I could never be close enough.
I might have actually done it if I hadn’t gotten a kick in the pants from my mind to grab Cassie and sprint back to our dorm.
I gave myself an inward shake, closing off my emotions. If he was fae, I couldn’t let him know I was on to him. That would be the stupidest thing I could do. What would keep him from throwing me over his shoulder and bounding out the door? It sure wasn’t going to be the scrawny cashier. Thinking about me or Cassie fighting him off was laughable. Besides, with the way that red-haired dude had her in his sights, she’d be right beside me.
“I suppose,” I said calmly. That came out better than I had hoped, especially considering my battling emotions.
The sun god lifted a blue shirt from the rack, holding it up to me. He didn’t even bother looking at the tag, yet it was exactly my size. Soft as a feathery boa, his knuckles brushed my chin. I nearly doubled over from the strangest sensation I had ever experienced. A storm of emotions threatened to drown me: passion, fear, excitement, anxiety, longing. You name it. I was feeling it all at once.
If that wasn’t bad enough, sharp pain erupted in my scar. I stepped back, trying to cover my escape with a smile.
His tropical eyes narrowed slightly. With a small grin on his face, he stepped nearer, entrancing me where I stood. “If I could, I would drape you in the finest silks. I would gift you with pearls, adorn your body with precious gems, and set you on the throne you deserve. Unfortunately, this will have to do.” The corners of his mouth lifted further in an earth-shattering smile. His gaze darted to the floor and back to mine. Redoubled in intensity, his look shot through my soul. “For now.”
I might as well have been a gazelle caught in crosshairs. I needed to bolt so badly I didn’t care in that moment if Cassie was with me or not. I had to leave. Imagining myself in this man’s arms came too easily for me. The temptation to give in to my feelings rolled onward. My control was moments from shattering.
At the same time, I couldn’t run screaming from the store like I wanted, and expect to stay here very long. I locked my senses down instantly, worried I would be in real trouble if he found out how freaked out I was.
Cassie took the shirt from him. “Why don’t we go ring these up?” she asked no one in particular. Her expression held mostly curiosity, yet something else lurked in her gaze that I didn’t have the strength to analyze.
I followed her to the register, trying to ignore the heat of the sun god’s nearness as he dogged my steps. My body screamed at me to take advantage of the situation and lean into him. I was painfully aware of every step he took; how his frame angled toward mine. His warm breath on my neck sent the pleasant kind of shivers through me in spite of my fear. He slipped fluidly around us and handed the cashier a hundred.
“I would rather pay,” I said, whipping out my wallet. I refused to be indebted to him.
The cashier looked back and forth between the two of us like a little boy trapped between arguing parents. More than anything he seemed as though he didn’t want to take sides. I gave him the stare I usually reserved for Sarah when she tried to lie about her homework, but it did no good. He still took the darn bill. I turned away in disgust.
“My pleasure, Rayla,” said my suitor in triumph. Was it his tone or the way he used my name that battled my will? “I am completely enchanted by you. Come to the game with me.” It was a command, not a request. The weird part was I almost blurted out a quick ‘yes’ without even thinking about it, but thankfully, Cassie responded before I could.
Her expression fell as she scanned each of the men hopefully, but even the red haired guy looked at me. “She has a date already.” Her inflection betrayed her jealousy, and given the situation, I couldn’t blame her for being upset.
“Cancel it,” the sun god said, giving me a smile that could fry the moon.
“I don’t even know your name,” I said, my throat closing up and making my voice hoarse. My attraction notwithstanding, I was terrified of him. I didn’t know Zach very well, either. But given the choice, I would pick him a million times over. Something about him set me at ease.
Besides, he was at least human. Most men swagger or bounce when they walk. This guy didn’t even move right. He glided like a wave, or more like a shark lurking under a swell.
“How rude of me,” he said, with an ocean of promise in his grin. “I’m Luke. Give me a chance, beautiful, and I will quench every desire you have.”
There was no humor in his tone or expression. He was too much—literally. The age-old question about beauty had been answered, at least for me. It had the capacity to be as disturbing as the most grotesque thing out there.
The words were torture to get out. “I’m sorry, but as Cassie said, I already have a date.” I was as calm as a reflecting pool on the surface while suppressing a turbulent hurricane of conflicting emotions underneath.
He narrowed his eyes at me. Looking utterly flummoxed, he gave me a shrug. “As you wish, Rayla,” he said, using that odd inflection to my name. “We will have plenty of opportunities to get to know one another now that I have found you.” His statement was bad enough, but his gaze reflected a horrifying promise of certainty.
“Sure thing,” I said, trying to keep my voice from shaking. “See you around.”
Before I could move a muscle, another voice rang out. “Perhaps Rayla would prefer one of us.” The man with the dark ponytail and caramel eyes stepped forward.
His words blew over me like a balmy zephyr. I was a sail that had no tether. My breath came so fast and shallow that my head swam.
I couldn’t take anymore contact with these men. My entire body trembled, and if I stayed here any longer, I was a goner for sure. It was all I could do to focus on leaving. “We really have to get going. It was nice to meet you, Luke, and the rest of you, too...” I turned toward them in a polite dismissal. I should have known better.
The Latin lover stepped forward, bowing. “You may call me Taylor. I am at your disposal.”
I smiled hesitantly. He stepped back formally.
“I am Finn,” the Celtic dream said in a rich brogue. “If it’s a real man you are wanting, look no further.”
I turned away shyly. His expression held the promise of endless nights spent in his arms. How odd. I was certain he liked Cassie.
“You are but a pup,” the dark warrior chided, sidling around Finn. “I am Jett, your deepest desire. I will take you to depths unexplored. Anything you want, I will give you.”
Jett’s nearness blasted through me to my core. I shook with the intensity of it. Could he be the man from the woods? My reaction to him was eerily similar. I stared at his lips, trying to decide. His resultant smile sent a shiver to my toes.
I scanned the others again. To be fair, it could have been any one of them.
Crossing my arms, I cleared my throat. “That’s quite a promise, but I’m afraid I will have to decline, gentlemen. Cassie, we need to leave.”
When I turned to her on trembling legs, she gaped at me then glanced at Finn. Her eyes clouded over with hurt. How could I blame her? She just got ignored by four of the most gorgeous men in existence. Even the one that had at first seemed interested in her. That never happened, and it didn’t make any sense unless I had something to offer these men that she didn’t. Heavens. Maybe Aunt Grace had been telling the truth.
I turned to glare at him, but he had already noticed. He caught her arm when she walked past him, his gaze caressing her. “Were circumstances different, lass, I would take you in my arms and never let you go.”
Cassie yanked free from his light grip making her stumble backward. She nearly toppled one of the clothes racks over. With all the intensity of a category five tornado, she glared at him. “Who said I would let you?”
He smiled ferociously. “Och, I’ve not seen the likes of you in ages. A truly spirited woman is hard to come by nowadays. I’d gladly spend eternity bound to you.”
Besides the fact that what he said could have come out of an old geezer, who could guess what he meant by that? I knew plenty of spirited women. Myself included. He needed to get out more. When we headed for the door, Cassie shot Finn the dirtiest look I had ever seen, giving him a grunt in reply.
“You might be worth losing it all,” Finn said softly.
She turned back to him, her eyes suddenly glistening. When she spoke, her voice was a faint whisper. “What did you just say?”
The gleam in his smile turned into a sad, dying ember. “’Tis better left unspoken, sweet one.”
She gave him one last glance before she huffed out of the store with me on her heels. Aunt Grace had been right. I should have never come to Notre Dame.





“That was special,” Cassie said hotly. The closer we got to campus, the tighter she walked.
We were halfway to our dorm. A light rain misted into us, lending a shine to the gray of the sidewalk. Steam might as well have been rising from her dampened hair in addition to the concrete. I had been too caught up in my growing fear to start the conversation we needed to have. “Have we been transported to Oz, or what?”
I looked behind us, sighing in relief. At least we weren’t being followed. “They were very strange.”
“Understatement. No offense, Rayla, but what makes you so irresistible?”
How did she expect me to not be insulted by such a question? “Maybe Aunt Grace was telling the truth,” I said. Based on what had just happened, I had to consider the idea that the fae might actually be real. Cassie had seen those men, just like me. She wasn’t denying it. She couldn’t have missed how different they were. My heart still hammered against my ribs, and it wasn’t from exertion.
She laughed, a spark of contempt behind her tone. With trembling fingers, she brushed water from her cheek. “And maybe there are gigantic snails that bark like dogs and a land so full of color you think your brain will explode from sensual overload.”
I stopped midstride. Maybe we could finally get somewhere with this. “Sounds like you know of such a place.”
“What?” she said, twirling toward me, outraged. “Do you think I’m crazy or something?”
“Cassie, you are the last person I would ever consider mad.” Her gaze fell to the sidewalk, making me hurt for her. I lightened my tone. “Given what I have seen in the past few weeks, I might be.”
Her head snapped up, and she brought her nose within inches of mine. “That isn’t something to joke about, Rayla. You try spending years in therapy for having hallucinations, and see if you think it’s so funny to have lost your senses.”
I backed up, realization that I had offended her slamming into me. “I am such an idiot, Cassie, I didn’t mean to imply—”
She shut her eyes tight. “Don’t worry about it.” Smiling meekly at me, she splayed her hands then folded her arms around her chest.
The intense breeze blew her wet hair around like Medusa’s tendrils. What was the deal with this weather? The trees swayed violently under the suddenly sunny sky. I had the distinct impression a major storm was coming, which would totally suck. I wasn’t looking forward to spending four hours out in a downpour. I should cancel my date, but I didn’t want to. I liked Zach, a lot. And no fae lord was going to scare me into missing out on a fun time with him. Besides, we would be with other people.
She gave me a tight shrug when I asked if she was okay. “I’m just a little sensitive about the subject.”
I wasn’t about to push her into a corner right now, so I didn’t say anything else. How could I purposely inflict distress on my best friend? I would save my questions for a time when she wasn’t already guarded. She had to have a good reason for acting this way. Maybe I would finally get some answers if I could ever get her to trust me.
I tried Aunt Grace when we got back to the dorm. To my utter shock, the call went through.
Exhaustion was clear in her tone. Had she been working double shifts again? “Oh, Rayla, I’m so relieved to hear from you. Are you all right?”
That was subjective. “As good as I can be with a bunch of—what did you call them—oh yeah, fae lords trying to convince me to go on a date with them.” I grunted. “I wouldn’t have been half as worried if I had known that was all they wanted.” I was angry at Aunt Grace. I should have known about this stuff, but I didn’t want to worry her needlessly.
She sounded absolutely flabbergasted. “Why haven’t they taken you?”
A snort escaped my nose. “The moment they laid eyes on me, they decided they could do better.” I was resorting to humor because I had no idea how to answer such a question.
She cleared her throat. “When did you see them?”
“Just now.” I wasn’t about to tell her I had gone to Notre Dame.
“I wish I could come get you. I wish I could do more for you.”
“So you’re just going to let them have me?”
“Once you crossed the sanctuary boundaries, I had no other option. I’m sorry. I know I must sound heartless, but you have to know I would have already been there if I could.”
“Why didn’t you tell me about them when I was home?”
“For one thing, you wouldn’t have believed me. I also promised your mother I wouldn’t let you leave the sanctuary. I’ve contacted an old friend. She will help you as much as possible. The only thing I can say now is stay around large groups of people.”
“This whole thing is absurd, you know.”
“I understand, honey. You don’t want to believe this is real. I wish it wasn’t. I wish I could tell you what you want to hear. Look to your feelings. Logic is no longer part of your world. If you can avoid being alone with them, you may have a chance of escaping to the underground. Look for my friend to contact you. She will know more about what your options really are.”
“I still don’t understand why they would take me, Aunt Grace. I have nothing to offer them. I’m just an ordinary girl.” My anxiety level skyrocketed at the thought of how close they had come to convincing me to go with them. Luke had certainly been persuasive, but what could someone like him really want with me? “If they did manage to get me, where would they take me?”
“I’ve already explained this to you. Your power is dormant. It will awaken during the bonding ritual. The only thing you have going for you right now is that they are forbidden to perform the bonding with you until you are in Lomb—”
Her words were a jumbled mess after that. I caught ‘research’ and ‘mom’ before the call dropped this time. I pulled out a notebook and wrote the words down with what I remembered from our last conversation. Someone was messing with my calls to Aunt Grace. Why? How could they even do that? Was a jamming signal being used to disrupt my reception? I had four bars when I looked.
What did my mom have to do with this mess? Aunt Grace had mentioned her twice. At least I knew why she didn’t want me to come home. It was a sanctuary of some kind. Did that mean the fae couldn’t go there, or just that they didn’t know it existed?
Also, Aunt Grace said that the fae couldn’t perform the bonding with me until I was somewhere specific. Finn mentioned being bound to Cassie. They had to be the same thing, but what was it exactly? What power could I possess that would make fae lords hunt me down? More importantly, if I had one, why couldn’t I feel it? Even if it was dormant, shouldn’t I feel something?
I put my notebook away when Cassie came out of the bathroom. She had already showered.
I had to get ready for the game, but what I really wanted to do was sit down at the computer to see what else I could find out about the fae, especially how I could fight them. Unfortunately, my search would have to wait until later.



“Do you like football?” Zach yelled over the din of the crowd.
He had arrived on time with a single red rose and a winning smile. Cassie had been enamored the moment she laid eyes on all six-foot-five, two-hundred-thirty-pounds of pure muscle of him. In all fairness, I couldn’t hold her ogling against her.
“Cassie is the real fan,” I shouted back.
When he looked over at her, his lips twitched into an amused smile. “I can see that.”
Not to be outdone by anyone around us, she stood on the bench whooping and hollering so loudly I was sure my eardrums were splitting. There was no point in trying to sit down. Every person in the stadium was standing. Some of them did the wave. Others shouted ribald comments at the opposing team. Half of the group around us were drunk or well on their way.
Turned out, the weather was fine, in fact, it was almost balmy now. Standing next to Zach, I was happy about that.
The size of the stadium still had me gaping. I had no idea they could be this big. It housed more people than I had ever seen in my life. Last fall, I watched a few of the games with Cassie, trying to decide if I really wanted to come here. TV didn’t do the games justice. They really were fun in person. I laughed up at Zach and shrugged.
An icy trickle hit my scalp, running down my hairline. I wiped it away. The sickening sweet smell of alcohol jolted my senses.
Zach’s humorous expression morphed instantly into a scowl. He turned around and glared at the guy standing directly behind me, who was the most likely candidate as he was the only one waving his beer around while he laughed and shouted obscenities.
Zach leaned toward the man. “Tone it down, you blooming sot.”
The shirtless zealot banged his cup against his gold chest. “Who you calling a sot, douche-bag?” His expression turned from anger to confused concentration when he looked down at me. He might have been working on solving the mysteries of the universe for all I knew, but somehow I doubted him capable. After a moment of staring, he clutched a fistful of my hair hanging over my shoulder and pulled it, along with my head, toward the dark amber liquid in his other hand. “Whoa, your hair is the exact color of my brew.”
Zach raised himself to his full height, grabbed the guy by his goatee and yanked hard. “You will apologize to the lady. Then you will find a different place to be.”
The fight drained from the man’s features having been replaced by a bewildered look. “Sorry. I didn’t mean anything by it. I just haven’t seen hair that color before.”
He must not have gotten out much. Cassie had always told me my hair had amazing honey highlights, but it didn’t look any different to me than anyone else with light brown hair. “It’s okay,” I said. “Beer’s good for the scalp, right?” I laughed nervously, wanting the intensity sizzling between the two men gone.
Zach glanced at me then to the guy. “You’re a lucky suck,” he said, shoving him backward. “Get out of here.”
The man stumbled away through the crowd, dazed. Zach turned back to me, his face as serene as a monk.
“I wish you wouldn’t have done that,” I said near his ear. “He didn’t hurt me.” I balanced on my tiptoes to get closer. He needed to understand that I didn’t like him fighting over me.
He frowned, running his fingers through his hair. “That idiot would have ruined our date, love.” Shaking his head, he reached out, tilting my chin toward him and up a little more. “I’m not willing to let someone like that keep us from having fun together.” He caressed my cheek gently, sending shivers through me. “He’s probably off clinging to a tree losing his lunch. I did him and the rest of us a favor.”
I squinted at him, not sure what to think. Embarrassed, I glanced around. A few people were looking. “Well, I don’t like fighting.”
He shrugged innocently. “Who does? I merely pointed out that he should be somewhere else.”
I scanned the crowd for the man feeling absurdly guilty. He was already gone.
Their call hit me before I saw them. My pulse raced. My gut clenched. My scar itched. My breath stuck in my throat. I stared, turned away, stared again.
Didn’t change anything. The fab-four were still in the isle a few rows below us. Women all around me craned their necks, gawking in utter disbelief.
A pretty girl who had been laughing and goofing around with her friends turned to watch Luke and ran right into Taylor. He looked down at her. Irritation radiating from him, he brushed her aside. From the look on her face, she would have gladly traded places with me. Oh, how I wished she would.
They scanned the crowd again as though they were searching for someone specific. Uh, maybe me? I slumped lower, trying to disappear behind the guy in front of me.
“What’s wrong?” Zach asked, bending toward me.
I ducked even further, whispering, “See those four men?”
He indicated some guys three rows down. I shook my head.
“There.” I pointed at them, immediately regretting the gesture. I didn’t want to bring any attention to myself.
“You mean the wannabes looking like they are the shi—”
I reached up, swiftly covering his loud curse with my palm. “That is exactly who I meant.”
His stubble tickled my skin as he smiled. Taking my hand gently into his, he exposed my wrist before he placed a lingering kiss where my pulse thumped wildly. Was my reaction to his touch or because those men were so close? His words were strong and sure. “They cannot harm you, lass. Not so long as I am near you.”
I searched his unusual, mesmerizing eyes. “Why not?” There was no doubt hidden in shadow. A soothing sensation pulsated through me, wiping away my fear as if it had never existed.
He grinned, and then his expression heated. He pulled me nearer.
My heart beat violently. My breath came in shallow bursts. Blood rushed through my veins like the Colorado River in spring. All thought of danger fled my mind as he leaned in closer, his breath warm upon my skin.
What was I doing? I didn’t even know this man, and I was going to let him kiss me?
I wasn’t stupid. My eyelids fluttered down moments before his lips collided with mine, warm and soft. The scent of him sent my equilibrium on vacation as dizziness overwhelmed me. Well, maybe it was from lack of oxygen. I didn’t care. My body floated almost weightlessly as if the lightest breeze could have carried me away to heaven.
A group of students erupted in cheers behind us. When he finally released me, I felt as if I was staring at him from opposing rims of the Grand Canyon instead of mere inches away. Giving me a roguish grin, he placed a steadying hand at the small of my back.
Good thing, too. I could have easily fallen over.
When I finally recovered, I blanched. The four lords stared straight at me, yet it was as if they couldn’t see me. I waved at Luke. He turned away. Either he was upset by the scene he just witnessed, or he hadn’t spotted me at all. Jett glanced back a couple times before he disappeared into the crowd. Man, that was close. I drew in a long breath.
Maybe I had been wrong. Maybe they were after someone else. Heavens, I hoped so.
Cassie gave me an odd look. I didn’t think she was jealous, but I couldn’t decide what she was trying to convey with her expression.
Worried the lords would return, I was distracted through most of the game. Thankfully, I didn’t see them again.
Zach kept me tucked securely by his side, whispering jokes in my ear. He even sang a few songs. It helped a little. He had a beautiful voice.
Excitement erupted in the stadium near the end of the game when the opposing team intercepted the ball and made a touch-down. Even with that paltry attempt at a come-back, we won by twenty-four points. Cassie could hardly contain herself by the time we left.
We met up with Natalie and Sam near the library. They were all smiles. From the secret glances they shared, I had a feeling they hadn’t actually caught much of the game.
“Natalie, this is Cassie,” I said when I thought she finally was ready to listen.
Natalie’s gaze slid over my best friend briefly. “Hey, good to meet you.” With that out of the way, she turned her attention to me. “A bunch of us are getting together at Roger’s place. You guys want to come?”
“Sounds good,” said Zach immediately. His eyes darted to mine as though it just hit him that he had spoken for me. He gave me a charming smile. “That is, if Rayla wants to go.”
I had no idea if I had met Roger the other day or not. I shrugged. “How about it, Cass?” She was the one without a date.
She gave me a peevish look that told me it was about time I thought about her predicament, and then turned toward Natalie. “Will there be any single men there?”
I didn’t know why she was so mad at me. I couldn’t help it Zach hadn’t brought a date for her. I didn’t run the universe, and I didn’t know anyone to set her up with, either.
“Sure, lots,” Natalie said. “In fact, you might like Roger. He’s a bit strange, but absolutely a hottie.”
“Hey,” Sam complained.
Natalie ran a seductive hand up Sam’s chest. “He doesn’t come close to comparing to you, babe.”
His shoulders relaxed, but he didn’t lose the hurt in his eyes. “Well, as long as we’re clear?”
She smiled sweetly for him. “As glacial water.”
Zach was searching my face when I looked up. Was he worried I would think Roger was cuter than him? Like that could ever happen.
“You mind if we ride with you, Sam?” Zach asked. “I don’t have enough room for both Rayla and Cassie on my bike.”
Sam smiled. “No problem. Meet us in fifteen in the lot. I have to get a couple of things for Roger.”
Natalie went with Sam. We started for the car.
“I didn’t know you owned a bike,” I said to Zach, swallowing the lump of anxiety in my throat. I was not going to freak out…yet. “You wouldn’t be talking about a Schwinn, would you?” Motorcycles terrified me now, and it didn’t slip my notice that Zach easily fit the description of that mysterious rider or the man in the woods. The only thing that made me discount the notion was that as attractive as he was, which was more than yummy, he didn’t pull me toward him like a swirling black hole. I didn’t have to fight to be me.
He gave me a curious expression. “I’ve never gotten that reaction before. Don’t you like motorcycles, Rayla?”
“Sure, I do.” That was if they weren’t morphing into a demon mount bent on running me off the road. “I just hadn’t taken you for someone who would own a bike.”
“Really?” He let out a gusty laugh. “What did you take me for?”
Now that I thought about it, he was exactly the sort of guy I could picture racing the night on a hog. I improvised. “I don’t know—a sporty sedan or something.”
He nudged me gently. “I won’t hold that blasphemy against you. Sedans are for wimps. I’ll take you for a ride sometime…” He waggled his eyebrows dramatically before continuing, “when we’re alone.”
The image that came to my mind shot heat through my body. I could see myself neatly tucked behind him savoring the closeness, with my hair whipping about my face, as he sped away. I just wished the scene didn’t involve me screaming like a banshee, holding onto his torso with a death-grip.
“I’m sorry to be tagging along tonight, Zach,” Cassie said. “I could go back to the dorm if you and Rayla want some time alone.” Her eyes were downcast, her shoulders slumped.
Zach gave her a reassuring smile. “Don’t waste another thought even considering it. I’m the one crashing your party, not the other way around. I wish Derek were here; I would set you up in a heartbeat.”
Cassie’s head snapped up. She was clearly intrigued. “Who’s he?”
“My friend. I haven’t seen him in a while, but I think he would like you.”
Her eyes glistened with hope. “Does he live around here?”
I couldn’t help but wonder if Cassie’s eagerness to find a guy was so she would have an excuse to stay away from home. I couldn’t blame her. Her parents were nice, but they were also overbearing to the extreme, especially when her dad was home. He had become overprotective in the past few years. Every time Cassie met someone and became attached, the guy would suddenly lose interest. Cassie was convinced her dad was paying them off. I wasn’t so sure. Nigel Lambert could be intimidating any time he wanted to. I always thought he was just making sure his baby didn’t get involved with the wrong sort.
“Afraid not,” Zach said, giving her a smile. “Don’t worry, though. You won’t have any trouble finding a boyfriend in this place. Give it some time.”
I stepped in between them, turning to Zach, hoping to seize the opportunity before it vanished. I was trying to convince myself that I wasn’t at all jealous. “Where are you from, anyway?”
“You name it,” he said with a laugh. “I’ve lived there.”
That wasn’t an answer. “Where were you born?”
His face tightened severely before he stopped dead in his tracks. One side of his mouth lifted into a smirk. “What’s this, twenty questions?”
“I don’t know anything about you,” I said honestly. For all I knew he could be the guy that followed me here. What if he was? What if he had some kind of power over me? What if…I lost my train of thought when he took hold of my hand. He gave me a look so tender, guilt at thinking those things about him sizzled through me. Zach was great and kind, and I felt safe around him. Man, I was becoming paranoid.
Cassie grunted. When I glanced at her, shadows danced behind her scrutinizing gaze. I could guess what she was thinking. Why was I on a date with someone I didn’t know very well? I had no answer to that question.
Zach pulled me into motion. “I come from Ireland, if you must know. Most of family is there, but I haven’t been home in quite some time.”
“Why not?” Cassie asked before I could, her gaze intent on Zach.
“I pissed off my sister when I refused my inheritance. We haven’t spoken since.”
“Oh,” I said. “I’m sorry.” Just what kind of messed-up birthright would compel him to refuse it? No wonder he didn’t want to talk about his past. “That must be awful.”
He shrugged. “I hardly think about it anymore.”
Zach led us to Sam’s car. I didn’t know college students could afford a brand new Mercedes. It was probably a graduation present. How would that be? Even Cassie had only gotten a Camry.
Sam leaned against the driver side door with Natalie pressed tightly against him doing the usual. They were completely oblivious to the crowd of onlookers that had gathered. I should have suggested taking my car, but I didn’t want to subject myself to the ridicule.
My beast was as long as a hummer, and nearly as boxy. I just wished it was half as cool. Not many people thought it was as great as I did. I loved the thing because it was once my Mom’s.



Roger, it seemed, was a bit of an eccentric. He lived off campus with a bunch of roommates in a large house that his parents left him when they retired.
How would it be to spend every day basking in the Caribbean sun on your own private beach? I hoped to find out one day.
We pulled up to the scrolled ironwork gate separating us from the vast estate beyond. The hedge-lined private driveway wound in and out of copses of trees. I couldn’t see the house, but it had to be a doozy from the look of the sculpted gardens—as in plural.
Sam rolled down his window. He pushed a button a few times impatiently.
“Yeesss,” said a butlerish voice.
“Quit messing around, Roger,” Sam said. “Why do you have the gate closed?”
An imperious laugh rang out. “I feel dramatic today. Welcome, friends and all.”
A loud buzz pierced my ears. Even though I expected it, I jumped. Zach laughed, placing his arm around my shoulder. I grimaced, looking away.
“Great!” Natalie said with a huff. “He’s on one.” Natalie turned around in her seat, eyeing Cassie. She gave her a small smile, not genuine at all. “I promise he’s usually not this bad.”
I glanced at Cassie, wondering if she found Roger annoying or funny like I did. The only thing I could see in her was bright, shining curiosity. Her face was aglow with mirth. Why was Natalie being so harsh? Did she have a complicated past with Roger? I hoped he was decent for Cassie’s sake.
The lawns were expansive. We must have driven a mile before we reached the house. Sam pulled the car into a parking spot on a lower lot. I stifled my gasp when I got out of the car.
The place was more than massive; it was colossal. A grand set of triple ascending stair cases rose above us like the proverbial stairway to heaven. Two gigantic turrets jutted over the sculpted hedges on either end of the building like gilded upside-down sugar cones.
When we reached the top of the stairs, I asked, “Why didn’t we park up here?” There was plenty of room. An entire lot lay empty.
“It’s one of his rules,” Natalie grumbled, walking by arm-in-arm with Sam.
The house was a French Tudor classic on steroids. Leaded diamond glass gleamed in the sunlight from five stories of windows cozily set in aged stucco charm. The raised mahogany beams were rough-hewn and stately. Beautiful earthen flagstone covered the walkway, making me think my next stride could transport me into a different century altogether.
The path split around a large three-tiered fountain that cascaded into a crystal-blue pool. The cool mist tickled my skin as we walked by. I greedily sucked in a refreshing breath.
The grand portico held three arches with beautifully carved mahogany columns. The front doors had to be over fourteen feet tall and ten feet wide. The etched pattern mirrored the crosshatched design of the mortared beams.
Before anyone had the chance to ring the bell, the doors swung inward theatrically. The man greeting us was quite handsome by human standards. His blond locks were swept to the side, tucked elegantly behind his ears. His deep brown eyes were fringed by dark lashes any girl would envy. The planes of his face were broad and masculine.
He walked forward, arms splayed in greeting. “Welcome to my not-so-humble home. For those of you visiting Wayne Manor for the first time, I have few rules of conduct.”
Who’d this guy think he was—Batman? I took in my surroundings again. Given recent events in my life, anything was possible.
“However, I hold dearly the ones I do have,” he continued. “First, no man shall enter this home that is handsomer than me.” He looked pointedly at Zach. “Sam, you complement me, my friend.”
Sam cocked his jaw to the side, tongue firmly planted in cheek. Zach smiled like the biggest rogue you ever did see, pulling me possessively closer. Natalie rolled her eyes.
“And second,” Roger continued. “I shall have first rights to seduce any beautiful woman entering my home.”
“We’re leaving,” Zach groused, twirling me toward the car.
Roger laughed wickedly. “I should clarify—I shall have first rights to seduce any unattached beautiful woman that enters my home. I do have some scruples, man.” He smiled broadly at Zach who chuckled lightly.
Roger gave an ostentatious sweep of his arm. “Please, come in.”
We all filed in past him. Even the way he shut the doors had flair. He turned around, striding toward Cassie with pure intent in his step and on his face.
“You have got to be the most spectacular woman I have ever had the pleasure to lay eyes upon.” Roger took her hands in his, bringing them to his lips gently. “You grace me with your presence.”
“Thank you,” Cassie said meekly.
I thought he was way overdoing it, but she seemed to devour his attentions like a starving animal. Zach cleared his throat, obviously annoyed by Roger from the expression on his face. Roger looked up as though it just hit him that we were all still here.
“Ah, yes. Well said, Zachary.”
Zach glowered at him. “The name is Zach.”
Roger went on as though he hadn’t heard the irritation in Zach’s response, “I am neglecting the rest of you. Shall we retire to the lounge?”
He led us down a hall, up some stairs, through another hall, down two flights of a circular staircase, and through more double doors into a cavernous room at the back of the estate. The rock fireplace jutted from floor to forty-foot ceilings. Three cozy seating areas surrounded it. The couches were overstuffed and inviting. An elegant grand piano rested on a raised platform on the other side of the room. The wall of gleaming windows revealed a pool that belonged in a tropical paradise, not the mid-west. Several small streams cascaded down a craggy hillside with a central gigantic waterfall crashing into the Olympic-sized pool.
“Oh, how lovely,” Cassie said, walking toward the back doors.
“You like my little oasis?” Roger asked, turning to Cassie with a warm smile on his lips.
“It looks quite refreshing,” she replied.
Roger clapped his hands. “Well, then, we have found our entertainment for the evening.”
Panic shot through me. If he thought I was going skinny dipping, he was insane.





Zach cleared his throat before speaking in a girly voice, “But, your highness, we lowly people standing humbly before you have a problem.” He smirked sardonically. His jaw tightened when Roger faced him. “We didn’t bring our suits, Roger.”
Roger smiled, his brown eyes sparkling wickedly. “I hadn’t exactly taken you for the timid sort, Zach.” His smile twisted into a smirk. “But not to worry, I am prepared for occasions such as this.” He hit a button by a light-switch. A hidden door in the mahogany paneled wall swung open, revealing a walk-in closet the size of most one bedroom apartments. It was brimming with swimwear and a good assortment of other clothing. “As you can see, there are several to choose from.”
Understatement of the century. He had drawers full of trunks for the guys in every size and color imaginable. I searched through the selection of bikinis hoping for a one piece or at least a tankini. I was swiftly running out of options.
“How about this one?” Zach asked, holding up a turquoise number with studded rhinestones.
“I’ll pass,” I said, still optimistic I would find something I could work with.
“You would look fantastic in it,” he said hopefully.
“If you don’t mind, I’ll pick my own—unless you would like me to choose yours.” I nodded toward the Speedos.
His lips raised in a cocky grin. “Be my guest.”
I scrunched up my nose. “Eww. Those should be banned.”
He cocked his head to the side leveling his gaze to mine. “I wasn’t the one that suggested them.”
I laughed, cuffing him on the shoulder. “Would you stop distracting me?”
He got a funny look on his face. Even though I didn’t know him very well, his smile seemed a little off. “Only if you will do the same,” he replied softly.
“What?” I asked distractedly. With one more rack to rummage, I was frantically trying to figure out how I was going to get out of this. I had no idea what he was talking about, but it didn’t matter anymore. I sighed in relief. “Here.”
I held in my hands the only thing I’d found that might cover my scar. Although it was still a two piece, I thought it would do the trick. I should have kept a swimsuit in my purse.
Zach tugged on the fabric. “That is the ugliest thing I have ever seen.”
I couldn’t disagree. The outdated plaid was in colors usually reserved for bodily excrement. The back of the top looked like a regular bikini, but the front was loose and came to a fringed V. I gazed up through my lashes sweetly. “Who asked you?” He was not getting me into that flashy number no matter how much he sulked.
I followed Cassie into an adjoining bedroom. It was lavishly appointed in cream silks and velvets. The four poster bed could have probably fit Solomon, his wives, and most of his concubines.
Cassie didn’t seem as taken with the place as I was, but I wasn’t as used to opulence as she was. I turned my back to her, undressing.
“Roger seems nice,” I said.
“Yeah, he does.”
I was getting sick of our stilted conversations. But with the men waiting for us, we didn’t have time to get into it. I turned around, surprised by the skimpy thing she was wearing. Her mother would have never approved. That was most assuredly the point.
She walked over to me and strummed my fringe. “You could have chosen something less…repugnant. It isn’t half as bad as you think it is.”
We didn’t have time to argue about my scar again. I couldn’t help that she felt guilty for talking me into riding her Arabian Christmas gift. I didn’t blame her for the accident. That horse wouldn’t tolerate anyone but Cassie. We hadn’t known that at the time, though. “I didn’t exactly plan to swim today.”
She clicked her tongue. “That’s just it.” Shaking her head, she folded her arms. “You shouldn’t have to plan to swim. You think it’s worse than it is. It’s sort of cool.”
I sputtered, lifting the measly patch of cloth that covered the monstrosity between my ribs. “This isn’t cool!” I hated the snow-white patch that marred my otherwise golden skin.
“We need to go,” Cassie said, not waiting for me to follow her.
After a few minutes alone spent preparing for humiliation, I grabbed a beach towel from the hidden closet and went to join the group splashing in the pool. A few of them I recognized. A grimace inched onto my face. The other fifty or so people were complete strangers.
Roger stopped me before I could walk past him. His touch on my arm sent a rippled chill through my bones. “I got that as a joke.” He circled me, intently taking in every inch of my skin as though he searched for something in particular.
The creep factor oozing off him pummeled into me. Disgusted, I yanked my elbow from his grasp. “Yeah, thanks for that.” I glared at him, wanting to pound the amused look off his smug face. Maybe there had been something to the way Natalie had acted toward him. “If you’re going to house a department store, you might want to supply other options besides bikinis.” If I hadn’t been so mad, I would have laughed at the bewildered expression that slid across his features.
His voice cracked as he spoke, “Why would I ever do that?”
I walked away without saying a word because what I had to tell him wasn’t nice. Where did Zach go anyway? He had officially disappeared. No one I asked claimed to have even seen him.
I searched around the three pools, the spa, the lawn, the tennis courts—you get the idea. I climbed the bigger than I expected hill in a final attempt.
A private beach complete with sand and surf lay nestled snuggly at the top. I wouldn’t have been surprised to learn Roger’s parents had trucked in the mountain of earth that lay beneath my feet. This was the only place I had seen in Indiana that wasn’t relatively flat. I walked to the water’s edge, dipping in a toe.
I was pleasantly surprised. It was warm and soothing against my skin. The rage of rushing water roared from somewhere below me. I walked a few feet into the shallow end. Shielding my eyes from the glare of the glistening water, I dug my toes into the sand. This was the closest I had ever come to a real beach.
The view of the sunset reminded me of my favorite bluff back home. Nothing but sky was visible in the horizon. I might as well have been standing on the edge of the world gazing at the gilded gates of heaven.
“I will never tire of seeing that,” a melodic voice erupted behind me.
If I had gotten a bit more air, I would have landed on Mars. “Zach.” I put a hand against my pounding heart. “You scared me.” I hadn’t even heard him come up to me.
“I noticed.” He smirked. “I was trying my best not to disturb you. You looked so peaceful, but I am a selfish man.” He chuckled, moving closer.
My attraction to him was hard enough to handle when he had all his clothes on. My pulse raced with his approach for an entirely different reason. He had the sort of flawless body that belonged on the airbrushed pages of a magazine. His skin glowed golden in the blazing sunset that brought out rusty hues in his dark hair. My fingers itched to trace every angle of his sculpted abdomen and chest.
“Leave it to you to make this thing look good,” he said, running a finger under the strap on my shoulder. “By rights, it should be burned. Are you going to tell me why you insisted on wearing it?”
“No.”
He traced my collarbone. “Really?” In one fluid motion, I was in his arms, and he carried me deeper into the water.
I hoped he couldn’t feel the thud of my heart beating against his chest. “What do you think you’re doing?” I asked, more calmly than I felt.
“Changing your mind,” he said just as evenly.
I could see where he was going with this, and over the edge of a cliff wasn’t my idea of fun. “Don’t.”
He grinned. “Tell me.”
I stiffened in his arms. “If you do this, I will leave—without you.”
His exaggerated exhale tickled my neck, sending goose-bumps down my body. “Don’t you ever relax?”
I gritted my teeth, hating what I had become in the past few weeks. If he had tried this back home, I would have protested, giggled, and screamed but loved every minute of his antics.
Things were different now. I was on edge constantly. “I’m so not okay with heights. Let me down.”
The set of his jaw didn’t give me any comfort. He walked up a ramp between the two converging rivers that made the waterfall. On sure feet, he stepped to the edge. I honestly didn’t know how he was still standing with the water blasting against his knees. He leaned into my ear. “Tell me.”
I clung to his neck like grime to a barn cat. “I don’t want to.”
When he looked over the edge and back at me, the humor in his gaze died. He sighed, stepping back a few paces. My heart found its way back into my chest. He carried me to a lounge chair, setting me down gently.
“You can’t possibly think that thing is pretty,” he commented after a while.
“Pretty isn’t everything,” I said.
He raised his brows, tucking his strong chin inward in mockery then looked at me sidelong. “It helps.” His smile turned to a teasing grin.
I shot him a dirty look before giving him my back. Pretty soon, he placed a timid hand on my shoulder.
“Come, now. It can’t possibly be as bad as all that.”
Why couldn’t he just let it go? I wasn’t all up in his business, so why did he feel the need to be in mine? “Drop it already.”
Zach sat beside me, coaxing my chin upward. His voice was soft. “Aren’t you having fun, lass?”
I wouldn’t look him in the eye. If I did he would see every insecurity I had. “I was before you decided to go all Tarzan on me.”
He thumped his chest, doing a great imitation of the call. I tried to smile, but I didn’t think it helped.
“You weren’t like this the other day.” He turned away as if in thought then glanced back at me hastily. “Don’t you like swimming?”
The other day I didn’t have four terrifying men after me. I would have liked to give him an easy out, but I didn’t want to lie. “I usually love it.”
Cassie had an indoor pool back home. On the rare occasion I actually got to stay the night at her house, we would spend hours in the water. She taught me how to float first. I had progressively gotten better. Thankfully, I was an adequate swimmer now. The one thing I didn’t like was the high-dive.
He frowned. “Is it me?” His brows furrowed as though he was really worried. “Have I done something to offend you?”
I closed my eyes, inhaling a sharp breath. “I’m sorry. I’ve had fun today, really. I just have other things on my mind right now.”
He grinned, tucking my hair behind my ear. “I’m a great listener.”
I didn’t like being such a disappointment, but I couldn’t snap myself out of it. I could just imagine how fast he’d be gone if I did tell him everything that was wrong with me at the moment. “I’d rather not talk about it right now.”
He knelt in front of me and took my hands in his. “You can’t expect me to not be curious.”
“It’s a free country,” I said. “Be curious all you like.” I was pushing him away when normally I would have been doing everything in my power to keep him interested in me.
The sun had made its final descent. The haze of twilight settled all around us with the stars spotting the barely glowing sky above. In a few minutes, I would be able to relax a little.
Zach tugged my hand. “Do you wish to go join the others?” He sounded dejected.
Why was I acting like this? I needed to snap out of it. My mood wasn’t his fault. “If you don’t mind, I’d rather stay here for a while.”
He nodded then moved to a lounge chair opposite me, wasting no time in getting comfortable. “Why don’t you tell me of your home?”
The subject seemed safe enough. “Have you ever been to eastern Utah?”
He made an odd sound, sort of a half concealed groan. “It has been many years.”
He wasn’t old enough for it to have been that long ago. I leaned back and put my arms behind my head preparing to give him details.
“I see,” he said in a sympathetic tone, his eyes soft with compassion.
I followed his gaze down to my exposed torso. How could I have been so stupid? The bottom half of my scar poked out from beneath the fringe. I bolted up, pulling awkwardly at the fabric.
He shook his head. “Everyone has imperfections, Rayla.” In an instant he moved to the edge of my chair. Calloused fingers caressed my shoulder before skimming down my arm. “Some are just more visible than others.”
I turned away. Then I got mad. “Really, where’s yours?”
His face crinkled thoughtfully while his eyes held haunted shadows. “You’d be surprised.”
I gave him a look. “Enlighten me.”
“There are certain things I want to change so badly about myself that it consumes my life.” Unless he was a fantastic actor, he was being sincere.
“Like?”
He grimaced, only slightly, but it was enough to make me wonder. “I would rather not get into that with you yet.”
I cocked my jaw, clicking my tongue. “It’s okay for me, but not for you, huh?”
He leveled his gaze to mine seriously. “If a scar is all you have to hide, you should be thankful.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
He shoved a hand through his dark hair. “Only that there are worse things to bear than a scar.”
The truth burned me like a solar flare. I should have been able to put on a pretty bikini without so much as a second thought, but I wasn’t there yet. I hoped I would be some day. I felt ridiculous being so shallow. “You didn’t answer my question,” I said after a moment of hesitation.
The lines of his face turned hard. “I know.”
“There you are,” Natalie yelled, cresting the hill in a sprint with Sam close behind her. “Help me, Rayla!” She crouched down between my chair and the stacked rock wall.
“They can’t save you,” Sam said coldly, standing by my feet. “You will pay.”
I turned back, whispering, “What did you do?”
She smiled proudly. “Put ice in his trunks.”
Zach narrowed his eyes at Natalie. His jaw tightened. “You deserve anything you get.” He grabbed my hand, pulling me to my feet.
Sam swept the chair sideways. Natalie squealed, trying to out-maneuver him. She didn’t make it.
Attempting to wrench away from him, she said desperately, “You can put ice in my suit. Rayla, do you have a drink?”
Sam smiled wickedly before he looked over at the edge of the falls. Did all male minds work the same? “I have something better in mind.”
She put her hands on his cheeks. “Please, Sam. I’m sorry. I won’t do anything like that again.”
He grabbed her wrists, pushing her into the river. She kicked at him and squealed the entire way.
“Not after this,” he said, grinning. Without another word, he pinned her arms to her sides in a bear hug. She smiled at him. I couldn’t see his expression, but her eyes flew wide just before he shouted, “Geronimo.”
Her “No” was squelched when they hit the water. Zach grinned down at me. My smile shriveled.
“Don’t even think about it,” I said when he came closer. Natalie’s laugh rang clear from below.
“Not that I don’t find the idea tempting once more, but I think I will pursue your affections another way.”
If I were him, I would have given up on me an hour ago. Why was he being so patient?
He was probably right about one thing. If Natalie was anything like I used to be, she would be even more into Sam. That didn’t keep me from being wary about what he had in mind. “How’s that?”
“You’ll see.”
He led me through a wooded area. The new mulch tickled my feet. The scent of pine mingled with chlorine in the fresh autumn breeze. When we reached an isolated lawn, he pulled me down beside him, the grass prickling my back and legs. I gazed at the pockmarked sky trying not to think about the bugs that were no doubt crawling underneath me.
We lay there in pensive silence for a while. What was he thinking about? Probably wishing he had chosen a different date.
“You were going to tell me of your home before we were so rudely interrupted,” Zach said.
I glanced over at him. “You were trying to avoid my questions.”
He laughed ironically. “There is a significant difference between doing and trying.”
I turned toward him, resting my head on my arm. “Why are you being so evasive?”
He raised himself on an elbow. “You should talk. To be diplomatic, I will answer one question, if you promise to tell me more about where you grew up.”
I didn’t know what he could possibly think was so interesting about a hick-town with one stop light, but I was willing to dish if he would. “Agreed.” This might be my only shot at getting a straight answer from him; I wasn’t about to waste my opportunity on any old question. “Why did you say those men at the game couldn’t hurt me when I am near you?”
The moonlight cast his face in slight shadow, but he looked shocked. His teeth flashed white when he chuckled lightly. “I didn’t see that one coming. Clever lass. Alright then, what do you know about them?”
That wasn’t an answer, either, but it was a start. “They’re not normal.”
He laughed, running a hand up and down my arm. “And what, pray tell, is normal?”
I shivered, but it wasn’t from the chill in the air. “Good point. I just don’t like how I feel when I’m around them.”
His hand stalled mid swipe. The lines of his face hardened, his eyes narrowing. “Explain.”
“I’m not sure I can describe it, but I’ll try. It’s as if all my senses are on overload and one more emotion will send me over the edge of sanity.”
His brows rose. “Hmm, that would be disconcerting.”
“Understatement. Are you going to answer my question or not?”
He smirked. “Patience is not your strongest attribute is it?”
I sat up, ready to leave. He grabbed my elbow. “Relax. I was just playing with you.”
I shrugged off the calming sensation his touch gave me. “Look, Zach, I’ve had some strange things happen to me lately. I’m worried all the time. Your comment earlier gave me a glimmer of hope. Do you know something about those men? Can you really protect me from them, or were you just being arrogant?”
“Direct, aren’t you?” His gaze locked with mine. “I can help you if you will trust me. The best advice I can offer right now is to never be alone.”
How much could I really say to him? I hardly knew the man, yet I found myself relaxed as if we had been friends since birth. “Aunt Grace told me that, too. Why?”
He shrugged as though the answer should be clear. “They are less likely to act rashly around others.”
“Who are they?”
“What did your aunt say? I need it all before I can answer your questions.”
I had to trust someone, and my gut insisted Zach was okay. I told him everything I could remember, even the things I had pieced together. I didn’t know how, but entering the freeway for the first time on my way here had been like walking out of a soundproof room into a roaring crowd. The feelings had hit me so hard and fast that I hadn’t been able to process anything other than terror. Something had been wrong, but I had ignored those impressions. What would have happened if I had turned around right then? Would the fae have followed me? Would I have put my family in danger?
He took my hand and my pounding heart slowed. “The Fae are everywhere, Rayla. They control all human correspondence. I am surprised you have been able to reach your aunt at all. I am also stunned they didn’t manage to take you earlier.”
I still couldn’t believe I was having this conversation with him when I hadn’t even told all of this to Cassie. “The whole idea of being an Elemental, I mean. Don’t you find it odd?”
His expression held completely serious. “Why would I?”
“Come on. Manipulating matter. Sounds absurdly close to magic if you ask me.”
He smiled. “What was seen as magic centuries ago has turned out to be merely unexplained science. You can’t tell me you’ve never felt the elements.”
“What?”
“They swirl around us all the time…even now.”
Just then I noticed the thickness to the air, and it wasn’t from the humidity. I had to admit I might be feeling something. I considered what he had said for a moment. Admittedly, I had always felt connected to nature. It was most intense when I ran, but I had felt it other times, as if I was literally an extension of creation. The thought scared me now. How much about myself didn’t I understand?
Trepidation found its way into my heart. How did Zach know all this stuff, anyway? My muscles coiled, ready to spring. I was suddenly wary of this man claiming he could protect me. “Who are you?”
Zach squeezed my hand, but I still could have bolted. “Someone that can help you, but you have to trust me. I have devoted my life to figuring out a way to change things.”
His voice soothed me for some reason, settling my nerves. “I need to understand how you know so much about them.”
He chuckled. “Let’s just say I’ve had plenty of experience with the fae. You and I want the same thing.”
I relaxed a little more. “What’s that?”
“I want to find a way to keep the lords from taking you. I felt that you were different the moment I saw you. I had no idea just how unusual you are.”
“Thanks,” I said with a laugh. “I’ve always wanted someone to tell me I was a freak.”
“That’s not what I said, and you know it.” He traced my cheek lightly. “You’re special—one of a kind.”
I chuckled. “Yeah, we humans are engineered that way. It’s sort of how DNA works.”
He laughed, inching closer. Cradling my neck, he laced his fingers through my hair. “You talk too much.”
I gulped just before his lips met mine. I had little resistance when it came to him. His lips moved leisurely over mine for a several blissful moments. His mouth brushed the line of my jaw and up toward my earlobe. His soft breath sent chills down my skin. The tune he sang to me sounded old like something a bard would have written in the middle ages. After only moments, I found myself melting into him.
I let him finish before I pulled away. Completely calm, I stared at the stars thinking about home and what would become of my life. He settled next to me. “It will be fine, Rayla. I promise.”
I glanced at him. “How can you know that?”
“I…” He placed a hand at my shoulder. “Change doesn’t always mean worse.”
“I—I guess that’s true. I’ve just had this idea in my head for so long about how my life would go. It’s hard for me to accept that it won’t go that way.”
“I’ll do whatever I can to help you. You have to know that.”
Somehow I did. Zach didn’t say things he didn’t mean. When I smiled at him, he waggled his finger for me to come closer. He pulled me into a hug and held me for quite a while. It was only when the last amount of tension left my shoulders that he pulled me into a kiss.
My head swam on a dizzy cloud. I could have spent hours in his arms, soaking up his strength, but I couldn’t let this go any farther than it already had.
I pulled away reluctantly, readying myself for his withdrawal. It was better to get this over with than have him claim I had led him on for months. I swallowed and steadied myself. “There’s something else you should know about me.”
Interest sparked in his eyes. “What’s that?”
“I’m not going to sleep with you,” I stated matter-of-factly.





Zach’s eyes bulged comically. “For pity’s sake, woman, we haven’t known each other long enough for that.”
I smiled, liking his outrage. Most guys I had known would have either stood up and walked away, or tried to change my mind. I needed to clarify, though. “What I meant to say was that I’m waiting until I get married.”
He caressed my cheek softly. “That’s good to hear.”
I hadn’t ever gotten that response before. Celibacy before marriage was a bit out-dated, but I didn’t feel ready to give my body to a man, especially if I wasn’t certain I loved him. I wanted my first time to be fantastic instead of a moment I would regret. I glanced at him shyly. “Are you?”
His gaze shifted away from mine as his biceps tensed under my fingers. “I wish more than anything right now I could tell you what you want to hear, lass. I am afraid, however, I can’t.” His lips curved slightly. “Try not to hold it against me.”
I shrugged. “It’s no big deal. I was just curious.”
His smile elongated across his face. “Speaking of—weren’t you going to answer some questions for me?”
“If I have to.” I sat up. “Look, I don’t like my scar. I know it’s ridiculous to act the way I did earlier, but I’m not comfortable showing this to the world.” I raised the flap of fabric covering the ghostly flesh that had haunted me since the sixth grade.
He spoke softly as if trying to calm a skittish colt, “Good thing I am just one man.” He traced my marred flesh gently, sending a bout of heat into my belly. “You are beautiful, Rayla. No patch of skin can change that fact. If any man thinks otherwise, he doesn’t deserve you.”
Unnerved, I turned away from him. “I think we should go see what everyone else is doing.”
He clasped my shoulder. “I would rather watch the sun rise with you in my arms, but that can wait.” When he got to his feet, he pulled me up with him. “Would you like to explore Roger’s ridiculous palace with me?”
I grinned. “Nothing better, but, first, I need a lady’s room.”
Zach took me to a side door. I was relieved to bypass the fray at the pool where splashing, giggling, and the occasional curse word floated over to us.
“Here we are. That is, if I remember right. This place is worse than Neuschwanstein.”
I wanted to ask him about the fairytale castle that had fascinated me since I was a little girl, but my bladder had other ideas. I found it funny that he had named my absolute favorite.
Eager to change out of the hideous thing I was wearing, I asked Zach to get my bag for me. When I opened the door a few minutes later, Zach had my belongings in hand. I gave him a rare flirtatious smile and shut the door firmly behind me. I could have looked worse, but I took some time to brush my hair and put on lip gloss. When I entered the hallway, he was gone.
I roamed the corridors for a few minutes before I realized I could easily get lost in this vast estate. Where had he disappeared to?
Duh, he was probably changing in another room. I needed to be more patient. I traced my steps back to the hall I had come from. At least, I thought it was the right corridor.
Most of the doors were locked. When I checked another knob, it turned. I smiled and let myself in.
Of all the rooms I had seen in Roger’s house, I liked this one best. Simple elegance was what I would christen this little corner of heaven. I could imagine a blaze roaring in the sumptuously chiseled fireplace. My finger glided along the dips and valleys of one of the engraved capstones. Five overlapping rings made up the odd kaleidoscopic design. Four of the rings intersected into a cross, the adjoining loops made an X that was connected by four arches. The center ring was raised and intersected each of the other circles as though it was the most important. The image looked symbolic, maybe even Celtic, but I had never seen it before.
The desire to curl onto one of the tufted leather chairs with a good book tempted me more than I could resist. I hit the switch nearest the mantel and brought my fantasy to life.
Zach could come get me. I was tired of looking for him. I searched the ancient looking tomes stacked to the ceiling on wall-to-wall bookcases to see if I could find anything interesting. Some of the titles were either in a foreign language or nonexistent. My fingers brushed the spine of a small volume stuck out farther than the others. I pulled it from the shelf.
The leather was smooth as if thousands of hands had done what mine were doing now. I rubbed the cover one last time then rifled through the pages. The handwritten text had been scrawled in a slanted script.
How old was this book? It looked like a journal. I had always wanted to see what sort of things someone from another time would write about.
The leather chair I’d been dying to fill groaned before relaxing beneath me. I was engrossed the moment I started reading:

I find after five lifetimes spent in that other realm, my heart has grown cold and unfeeling. What sort of cruel fate would bring me to love my captor just to rip me away from him? Oh, that I could see his shining eyes. I would gladly die to feel his body pressed to mine once more, but, alas, those days are gone. I am left alone in this world without friend or family.
They think to appease me with riches. I have had those in abundance and more. How can I go on?

Keys jangled in the hall. I panicked, shoving the book into my bag moments before the door swung open.
I couldn’t put it back now without having to explain why I had taken it. Besides, I really wanted to read it now.
I would return the book later. Borrowing wasn’t stealing, right?
I expected Zach, but the fresh-faced young man staring bewilderedly at me didn’t look a thing like him. The stranger’s lips curved in a winning smile. He swept sandy bangs from his midnight blue eyes. With one finger poised, he gestured for me to hang on. He looked up and down the hallway then shut the door softly.
Mischief danced in his expression when he walked past me to the fireplace. To my surprise, he flipped the switch, plunging the room into near darkness. At least the curtains weren’t closed. My eyes slowly adjusted. I should have felt uncomfortable being alone with him, but his baby-face kept me from being too worried.
There was a bit of a rasp to his tenor voice. “Roger would slit your throat if he saw you in here.” A flashlight erupted in his hands. “How did you manage to get in, anyways?”
When he raised the light to my face, I shielded my eyes. “Uh, I turned the knob.”
“Is that all?” He lowered the flashlight and chuckled. “Roger never leaves this room open. It would have been much more interesting if you had been a spy.” He smiled, but his eyes searched mine a little too intently.
“I guess I just got lucky,” I said sarcastically, making my way to the door. He was right on my heels. I turned toward him to defuse the unexpected tension between us. “What’s your name?”
He grinned down at me. “Alex.”
He was too close. I was beginning to get nervous, but why? He didn’t look like much of a threat.
Cocking his head, he inched a little nearer. “What’s yours?”
I shifted my gaze from his intense stare. “Rayla.”
“I should take you to Roger to see what he wants to do with you, but you seem pretty harmless to me.”
“Who are you, his bodyguard?” I joked.
His face scrunched up in disgust. “Just because I’m scrawny doesn’t mean I’m weak. Besides, I’m working on that.”
“I didn’t mean—”
“Rookie mistake.” His teeth gleamed when he flashed a smile. “I get that a lot.”
I didn’t know how to handle his statement delicately, so I changed the subject. “Hey, have you seen Zach around anywhere?”
He gave me an exaggerated sigh, and his bangs lifted in a feathery puff. “Am I ever going to find a woman that isn’t already taken?”
Try as I might, I couldn’t hide the grin that spread across my lips. “I wouldn’t say I’m exactly taken, but he is my date. I need to find him.”
His eyes gleamed with a new hope I was sorry for putting there. “I’m not sure I’ve met him.”
I assumed Zach had been coming here for ages by the way he maneuvered the place. “He’s Roger’s friend.”
Alex sniffed and shook his head. “I haven’t heard of him, but I can help you find him if you want me to.” When I reached for the knob, his hand sped past mine. “You’d better let me—just in case.” Once in front of me, he inched the door open like an inspector in an old murder mystery.
Mimicking his movements, I crept carefully into the dimly lit hallway. He had sort of a school-boy charm with his ruddy cheeks and promising features. He would be gorgeous one day.
“Thanks for not ratting me out, Alex,” I said for his benefit.
He glowered, not really at me, but through me. “I wouldn’t give Roger the satisfaction. He has been impossible ever since Mom and Dad left.”
I would have never guessed in a hundred years this boy was Roger’s brother. Theatrics were the only thing they seemed to have in common. I glanced sideways at him. “Shouldn’t you be with your parents?”
He closed his eyes slowly before his lips pursed, making white lines appear around them. “I will absolutely lose it if one more person says that to me. Do you think I’m fourteen or something?”
Actually, he wasn’t far off if I was being honest. I had pegged him for sixteen at the most. How old was he? “Um, I didn’t mean to offend you. You do look young.”
“For the love of Mary! I’m a sophomore at Notre Dame! Damn it!” He hit the wall sideways with his fist. “I’m probably going to be forty before anyone will take me seriously.”
“I…”
“Never mind. You aren’t the first. You won’t be the last. Where did you say you saw Zach last?”
I hadn’t actually, but I decided not to be nitpicky. “Here.” I pointed at the restroom. “I thought he was probably in the vicinity, so I started searching. That’s how I ended up in the study.”
Alex’s expression turned grave. “Let’s just hope Roger doesn’t find out.”
I touched his shoulder to stop him from walking away. “You’re serious, aren’t you? I thought you were joking before.”
His eyes held a sadness I understood completely. There were some things that just couldn’t be changed no matter how much you wanted them to.
“I wish.” He looked me up and down, a grin slowly forming on his lips, making me a little uncomfortable. “Look, if I were you, I wouldn’t come here again. Stay on campus. Finish school. Don’t get involved in this.”
I scrunched my face in confusion. “You mind repeating that in English? I don’t have any idea what you’re talking about.”
He smirked. “Good. Keep it that way.”
With that said he started down the corridor again. That had to be one of the strangest conversations I had ever had. What in the world had he been implying? If Roger was into something bad, I didn’t want Cassie to get involved with him. Chase was enough bad for a lifetime.
I groaned, stopping short. I had ditched my best friend. I hadn’t thought about her once since she left me earlier. Zach had a way of making me forget anyone else in the world existed.
“What’s wrong?” asked Alex.
“Forget Zach,” I said.
“Now we’re talking.” He spun the other direction. “I could show you my—”
I groaned inwardly. “Sorry, I still need to find him, but I have to find someone else, first.” I had no desire to deflate his hopes, but I didn’t want to encourage him, either. I had enough men to deal with already. “Have you met Cassie Lambert yet?”
“If you mean that hot little thing Roger’s been mauling for the past hour, then yeah, briefly.”
I gasped. Zach could take care of himself. I had to get to Cassie as soon as possible. She and I had an understanding. “Will you take me to them?”
He cocked his head at me. “I shouldn’t, but she seems too sweet for him.”
We walked through a maze of corridors before he finally stopped. “They’re in there,” Alex whispered. “You’re on your own. I did not show you how to get here.”
He left without making a sound. I pounded on the door.
“Go away,” Roger yelled.
“Cassie, are you in there?” I tried the handle. It wouldn’t budge.
“I need to go,” Cassie said. At least I thought that was what she said.
“Not now,” said Roger heatedly. “You can’t leave me yet.”
When Cassie finally opened the door, her hair and make-up were a mess and her suit was lopsided. She wouldn’t look at me, and her cheeks were slightly ruddy as if she were embarrassed.
“You can stay if you want to,” I said softly so Roger wouldn’t overhear. I didn’t want to ruin things for her if she had changed her mind.
“No,” she whispered back. “I want to come with you. Do you think Natalie is ready to go?”
Why was she so eager to leave? The heat of anger filled my neck. “Did he hurt you?” I hissed.
She swayed a little. “I’m okay. Can we go?”
I shot Roger a dirty look when she opened the door further. Cassie’s eyes flew wide before she nodded slightly toward him as though I had a line in this scene I wasn’t saying.
I looked directly at his smug face; however, I did not return his smile. “I’m sorry to have to steal Cassie from you, but we have to leave.”
“Stay the night,” he suggested coyly. “I have everything you could need here.”
Sure he did. Wayne Manor, indeed; this place was more like Dracula’s lair. “I’d prefer to sleep in my own bed, if you don’t mind. Besides, we have a curfew.” Parietals bothered most students in my corridor, but not me. I liked having an excuse to ditch a bad situation.
“I know a few people at St. Mary’s.” He lay back against the pile of blood-red pillows, placing his hands nonchalantly behind his head. Then he stretched his long legs out on the tousled sheets, setting one ankle on top of the other as though he owned the world. “It shouldn’t be a problem.”
I narrowed my eyes and pulled Cassie into the hall. “No thanks,” I shot over my shoulder.
Roger was behind us in seconds. “Really. All the halls have an understanding about parietals.” He gave me his charismatic smile. “It’s like the army: Don’t ask, don’t tell.”
He was seriously creeping me out. Even the military couldn’t be that out-dated. How had I ever considered him charming?
He grabbed Cassie’s hand. “Don’t you want to stay? I thought you were enjoying—”
“Rayla’s right,” she cut in. She couldn’t have been more crimson if he had dumped a bucket of red paint over her head. “I don’t want to get into trouble. We’ve only been here a couple weeks.”
The anger on his face turned momentarily to expectation. “I’m having a party next weekend.” He ran a finger up her arm. “I want you here.”
Cassie’s gaze lingered on the floor. “I don’t know if I can, but I’ll see.”
“There you are,” said Zach from behind us. His gaze darted to Roger’s bedroom. A slight frown pulled at his lips. “I’ve been looking all over for you. Don’t you guys need to get back by two?”
“We were just coming to find you,” I said, dismissing Roger with my gaze.
Cassie didn’t need any encouragement to bolt ahead of us. We left without any fanfare, thankfully.
Alex had me curious, though. Who was Roger Wayne, and why did I have the distinct impression I should have found somewhere else to be tonight?



The rest of the weekend was a blur of homework, Mass with Cassie, and trying to dodge girls from my hall who suddenly wanted to be my friend. I just couldn’t handle any more frivolity right now. Was it all college students, or had I been lucky enough to get the only floor on campus where everyone wanted to goof around all night instead of studying? My classes were hard, and I wanted to actually graduate. I hoped that my corridor-mates would settle down soon. I would have probably been right there with them if I hadn’t had so many surreal things happening to me all of the sudden.
I desperately wanted Cassie to go to the meet-and-greet tonight so I could read the book I had pilfered from Roger. I didn’t want to explain to her how I had gotten it. I hadn’t even had a moment alone to look at it, and my curiosity was driving me batty.
“I’ve got to study tonight, Cassie,” I told her for the third time. “Just go without me.”
She stood in front of me, hands on her hips, but her eyes showed disappointment more than frustration. “You like ghost stories.”
I hadn’t heard anything about that. “What are you talking about?”
Her sudden grin got bigger. “Jessica knows the RA downstairs. She said that this is real secret stuff. Supposedly there is a ghost right on our floor!”
I had heard the rumors as well. My curiosity won over. “I’ll go. But if it turns out to be lame, I’m leaving.”
“Fair enough,” Cassie said, grabbing her jacket.
“Will it be outside or something?”
“I’ve heard people talking. I just want to be prepared.”
The nights had turned chilly here. Winter seemed to be fighting fall for dominance already, which didn’t bode well for the rest of the year. Why hadn’t I picked a school in the South?
When we got to the meeting, everyone was leaving. We raced to catch up with the group. The halls were alive with whispers as though the girls had all made a secret pact to set a ghoulish mood.
“See,” Cassie said in triumph.
I raised my brows at her. “Just because we’re headed outside, doesn’t mean we’re going to a séance.”
“Cassie,” Jessica called. “Wait up.”
Jessica shared a quad down the hall with a group of high school friends. She seemed nice enough, yet there was also something irritating about her I couldn’t quite pinpoint. Even though her mousy brown hair bounced up and down with each stride, it was probably the only volume her limp locks would ever see.
She looked at Cassie then me, her dull brown eyes abnormally bright. “I thought you two chickened out. You’ll be glad you didn’t.”
I kept my eyes on her even though they wanted to go skyward. “Why’s that?”
Jessica gave me a look. “The guys from IPS are going to be here.”
I waited for her to tell us what IPS meant. The only thing I could think of was Indiana Postal Service. Why would Jessica care if a couple of delivery guys showed up to the meeting? “Who?” I asked after she clearly wasn’t going to elaborate.
Jessica glanced at me before turning a glare on Cassie. “Why’d you bring her?”
I narrowed my eyes at her, crossing my arms. “Hey, I’m right in front of you.”
Jessica shoved a finger in my face. “I don’t care if you’re a believer or not. Just keep your snide comments to yourself. Some of us are trying to enjoy this.”
I cocked a hip. “I don’t have anything against fun.” When she started walking away, I yelled, “Tell me when we start having some.”
“Boring is as boring does,” she said before running up ahead to another group.
“Why are you so rude to her?” Cassie asked.
I didn’t really know how to answer her. Jessica was just…annoying. “She gets under my skin. I can’t say why.”
Distracted, I nearly sailed into the girl ahead of me when she stopped short. There could only be one reason they would bring us behind Regina Hall. The cemetery loomed in front of us. Beyond that lay the forest that still held fright for me. I knew the man in the woods couldn’t possibly be there now watching me, but I was freaking myself out wondering about the possibility. I still didn’t know if he was one of the fab four. I didn’t want to think about there being another man to worry about.
If Natalie hadn’t come along that day, would I have been the next college student to never go home? As if on cue, an ethereal mist crept over the ground toward us. Did they have dry-ice somewhere? Ghostly wails started in the background. Oh, brother.
A female voice erupted dramatically, bringing the chatter to silence. “In this cemetery rest the earthy remains of our beloved Sisters that have faithfully served this institution. However, one young lady that lay nestled in this peaceful place passed before her time. Some say she still roams our grounds, keeping watch over campus. Zellie Selby was only twenty years old when an unexpected illness took her life in 1870. Her father requested she be interred here…” The speaker stepped out from behind a rather large monument, pointing a long arm at the ground below where she stood, continuing, “…and there she lies.”
A few girls in the group gasped what sounded like real horror. I’d briefly heard this story already, but I hadn’t seen the figure supposedly trapped in the base of the headstone. When light erupted from poised flashlights, I moved closer to get a better look.
Sure enough, the rock was discolored at the base with the haunting figure of a woman’s silhouette. If Zellie’s ghost really had been cursed to wander St. Mary’s College for eternity, I for one didn’t want to incite the poor girl. What a horrific afterlife to have to endure for an innocent victim of an untimely demise.
A goy stepped out of the shadows with a blazing light strapped to his forehead. Another followed right behind him. They walked forward in unison, carrying an odd assortment of equipment.
“Everyone,” the girl in charge said. “I’d like to introduce Paul Zanders and Adam Wilder from our own IPS. Paul and Adam have been working with us to prove there is paranormal activity on campus. In fact, they have asked for permission to investigate Le Mans Hall. Let’s all keep our fingers crossed.” She clapped her hands together excitedly. “We have a surprise for all of you. They have agreed to let us watch their study of this cemetery.”
Paul stepped forward, clearly the leader. “We are pleased to be with you tonight. Let’s all hope Zellie is, as well.” A token chuckle moved throughout the congregation. He lifted a doo-dad from his belt, shaped sort of like a remote with a row of small lights at the end. He held it up for all to see. “This is a K-II meter. In the paranormal industry, we use science to explain those terrifying feelings you get when you’re sure someone unseen is watching you.”
I could’ve used one of those on my way here. Scratch that. I still could. I’d have to ask if they would sell me one.
“K-II measures the amount of electromagnetic energy in an area. EMF fields are generated from power lines, cell towers, appliances, and batteries,” he said, smiling. “Well, you get the idea. First, we sweep the area for a baseline reading, looking for spikes where you wouldn’t normally expect one. As you can see, none of the lights on the meter are illuminated at the moment. The idea is that when a spirit tries to manifest in the mortal realm, they draw energy from sources around them.”
Adam held up a different gadget. “This is a traditional EMF detector.” He walked between students, maneuvering around grave stones. “Zero point five to zero point eight seems to be the average for this area.” He held the meter next to the massive monument we had all come to see. “Whoa,” he said, stepping closer to the grave stone. He ran the detector up and down. “I really didn’t anticipate that.”





“What?” Jessica asked, moving beside Adam. One more inch would have put her directly under his chin.
He retreated a few paces, a minute smile curving his lips. “Let’s all give Zellie a little breathing room, why don’t we?”
The group backed up a bit. Adam circled the monument a few times.
“I wanted to make sure my reading was correct. Does anyone know if there are underground utilities in the area?”
The RA from the third floor stepped forward. “I don’t think so. Why would they dig under the cemetery?”
“Six point nine for a site like this is unheard of.”
Paul rushed toward Adam, and the thing in his hand lit up like a Christmas tree. He gave Adam a surprised look. “I’m going to ask some questions, now.” He turned on a recorder. “Let’s see if Zellie wants to come out and play with us. Could I have your silence, please?”
The wind was the only thing that refused to comply with Paul’s request. The eerie whistle lent an unholy feel to our meeting. I pulled my jacket closer as a sudden gust shot a chill through me.
Paul stood next to Adam. “Are you here with us, Zellie?” He waited a few moments. “Are you angry that you died here?”
Adam took his turn. “Are you trapped on this campus—”
“Do you know the girl who hung herself in the bell-tower?” Jessica butted in.
The look Paul shot Jessica was decidedly irritated. Hmm. Did they already know each other? He went to the edge of the woods. “Are there any other spirits that would like to make their presence known to us tonight?”
“This could be your only chance to ever be heard,” Adam added. “Show us a sign of your presence.”
I turned toward Cassie to ask her if she had met the IPS crew. She stared wide-eyed toward the trees, her gaze trained sharply on a densely wooded area. She worried her lip.
“What’s wrong?” I whispered, trying not to disrupt the investigation.
She looked at me, all sweet smiles. “I’m a bit tired. Are you ready to go?”
I hadn’t missed the desperation in her tone, but I didn’t feel like leaving. Curiosity had wiggled into my heart. “Don’t you want to see what they find?”
She gave a nervous laugh. “You can stay, if you’d like. I’m going back to the room.”
I followed Cassie because she wasn’t acting normal. I couldn’t help but worry about her, especially considering what she had been through. I had been a real jerk to her, but I wasn’t going to do that anymore. Despite how it seemed, I wasn’t the only one who had problems.
She pulled her jacket tightly around her shoulders and shuddered. It wasn’t that cold. Her skin was paler than usual. I couldn’t be sure, but she seemed freaked out.
“Cassie, what did you see in the woods?” I asked a few minutes later. We were almost to the dorm. When she frowned, I held up a halting hand. “Before you tell me you don’t know what I’m talking about, let me just say something.” I caught her arm to slow her down. “You are not hallucinating.”
She brightened a bit. “Did you see her too?”
I had the unwanted impression she wasn’t talking about a ghost. I wished I could lie to her. I wanted to tell her I had, that she wasn’t alone. “That’s not the point. Who did you see?”
Her expression fell. “Leave me alone, Rayla. I know you mean well, but patronizing me won’t help. I’m going to have to call my mom.”
“Why?” I blocked the path when she tried to leave.
“This doesn’t bode well for me. I didn’t really go to India when we were kids.” She eyed me warily and sighed. Her gaze hit the ground. “I was institutionalized.”
“That’s crazy.” She stared at me, hurt, as tears pooled in her eyes. “Okay, poor choice of words. What I meant was that you were just imaginative when we were kids. The stories you told me were amazing. They helped me deal with my mom’s disappearance. I don’t know what I would have done without them.”
We were at our door now. Silent tears streamed down Cassie’s face. She had trouble with the lock.
“Let me.”
She stepped aside, and I turned the knob. Rushing past me to the bed, she buried her face in my pillow. I sat beside her, not knowing if I should talk to her or leave her alone.
I placed my hand gently on her shoulder and to my relief she didn’t pull away. “You should know by now that you can trust me. I want to help.” I brushed her hair aside. “What can I do?”
She turned over, hitting the mattress. “Make them leave me alone!”
I tried to keep my shock over her outburst from showing when I answered her, “I’d love to, but I need to understand what is going on.” I had never seen her this upset. Our running joke was that she was part Vulkan.
She sniffed, searching my face for a moment. “One of them is playing with me as if he knows I can see him.”
Now, maybe we could get somewhere. “What does he look like?”
Her eyes focused on nothing in particular. “He’s short, about two and a half feet tall with scaly, purple skin, bright-white hair, beady orange eyes, a sunken nose, and sharp pointy teeth. I haven’t seen this sort of creature before, so I don’t know what to call him.”
I scrunched up my face. “Sounds really ugly.”
“He is. Some of my things have gone missing.” She sat up, pulling her knees toward her chest. With shaking fingers, she wiped her cheeks. “You know my grandmother’s broach—the dragonfly?”
I nodded. “I love that one.” It was platinum. The wings were lacy webs with two emeralds inset at the ends. The eyes were sapphire.
“I shouldn’t have brought it, but I hadn’t planned on wearing it. I wanted to have something that reminded me of Nana.”
“So you can’t find it?”
She looked at me sharply with haunted eyes. “I saw him take it!”
I hid my excitement over her revelation and smiled reassuringly. “Don’t worry. We’ll get it back.”
She grimaced. “I don’t want to go anywhere near that thing! He’s following me, taunting me with it.”
A thought just occurred to me. “How do you know it’s a he?”
Her mouth turned in a frown. “He’s got… parts, Rayla—disgusting, gross parts!”
I grimaced, not caring to know exactly how she knew that about him. “Sorry I asked—”
A knock rang out, jolting me. Cassie shook her head, so I went to see who it was the second time they knocked.
When I opened the door, Jessica shoved past me. “I can’t believe you left! I saw her!”
“Zellie?” I asked.
She shot me a dirty look. “Who else? Guess what? You’ll never guess in a million years.” As usual, she didn’t even give us a chance to respond before she plowed forward excitedly, “The IPS guys want to interview you.”
Cassie’s expression plummeted even further. “Whatever for?”
Jessica clasped her hands in front of her. “Your room is haunted! Can you believe it? How cool is that?”
I wondered how two freshmen had gotten such a great room. I kind of thought Mr. Lambert had paid someone off. Ghosts didn’t bother me, but I glared at her for Cassie’s sake. “How would you feel if you had to sleep in here every night from now on knowing that?”
She turned and looked at me. “You’re such a boob. She’s harmless. She just takes things. They say if you leave candy out for her, she’ll return your stuff.” Jessica’s expression brimmed with curiosity. “Have you lost anything lately?”
Eyes wide, cheeks sunken, Cassie couldn’t have looked more terrified. She glanced at me with a silent plea.
“Not that we know of,” I said. “You need to leave now. Cassie’s not feeling well.”
Jessica turned a confused look on Cassie. “You seemed fine earlier.”
Cassie wiped her glistening forehead with her sleeve. “I was, but I could use some rest, Jess. Do you mind letting yourself out?”
Jessica frowned. “What should I tell Adam?”
I pushed her toward the door. “We’ll have to talk to him another time,” I said. “Goodbye, Jessica.”
She huffed out of the room. I sat on the edge of the bed, touching Cassie’s shoulder. She still looked freaked out.
“Jessica was right about one thing: You did seem okay earlier. Did it follow you to the cemetery?”
She hugged herself, inching away from me. Was she shaking? “I saw something else tonight. I should say someone else that I hoped to never encounter again.”
“Who was it?”
She rolled onto her back and covered her eyes. “Oh, Rayla, if I start into this, I’m just going to end up locked up again.”
I bent close to her. “Look at me,” I demanded. She raised her gaze timidly. I locked mine with hers. “I will never let that happen. You are as sane as I am.”
She gave me a lopsided grin. “Considering what you’ve been going through lately, that’s not saying much. Maybe when Mom finds out we could go to the same institution.”
Given the situation, her joke filled me with a bubble of relief. “I’ll insist on being your roommate.”
She laughed hard, her eyes bright with tears that turned heartrending. “What am I going to do, Rayla? This is exactly why Mom didn’t want me coming here. My hallucinations stopped when we moved to Utah. We were only going to rent our place for the summer, so I could get some rest. But when I told Mom and Dad that I was cured all of the sudden, they didn’t want to upset my routine.”
I took in a slow breath. “Your stories were all true. Weren’t they?”
Her face held an unyielding seriousness. “Yes.”
I tried to wrap my brain around that revelation. She’d finally admitted it. “Who did you see tonight?”
She sniffed. “Do you remember when I told you about Nixlan?”
I nodded. I didn’t want to say anything that might keep her from telling me more about that strange, hidden world. I remembered every story she had ever told me in vivid detail. The thought that there might actually be a place so beautiful made me smile inwardly with delight.
I felt like a little girl again, imagining Cassie’s first encounter with her fairy friend. She had been playing in the woods when she noticed something shiny on the ground. She brushed the rotting leaves away from the half concealed object. Curious, she picked up the charm bracelet. She said it was so delicate that she thought the slightest breeze would shatter it to dust. When she swept some dirt off of one of the charms, Nixlan appeared in front of her.
Freaked out, she ran away with the bracelet still in her hand. A few days passed before curiosity got the better of her. She found the same spot and rubbed the charm.
Nixlan came again. She smiled at Cassie and told her not to be afraid. Cassie went with her to her home in another realm. She said that Nixlan had done a weird dance around a little waterfall, and the scene had rippled like a pond being disturbed by a pebble.
When it stopped changing, Cassie was looking through a garden gate into a magical land that glowed. All the plants had florescent veins running through them. She told me about a castle that was made out of crystal. Nixlan had befriended Cassie and would bring her to the fae realm whenever Cassie was upset or lonely.
I had been jealous of Cassie’s imagination when I was young. I couldn’t believe that the stories were actually true.
Cassie gave me an exhausted look before she spoke. “The last time I ever saw Nixlan was a few hours before we moved to Utah. She had taken me to her cottage and rocked me as I cried. I was so tired of moving. She was my only real friend.
“She fed me raspberry puffs that floated in the air and gave me the most wonderful elderberry punch.
“If I had known I would have never seen her again, I would have fought the horrible witch that came for her that day.”
I shifted excitedly. “As in bubbling cauldron stirring, cackling, flying on a broomstick sort of witch?”
Cassie laughed. “Of course not. Don’t be ridiculous.”
I shot her a look. “It was a logical question. If fae exist, why not witches?”
She ignored my question altogether. “I’m talking about her master. Nixlan was a servant to a princess that lived in the crystal castle. Ainessa would have been more beautiful than any woman I could ever imagine, if not for the murder in her gaze.
“Nixlan forgot to do something for her master before she left the palace for the day. Ainessa had come looking for her on horseback because I still had the summoning bracelet she lost.” Cassie laughed lightly. Her gaze focused on something a million miles away. When she spoke again, her words were soft. “She hadn’t been able to replace it. Only goblins make that sort of jewelry, and she had worn out her welcome with them millennia before. Anyway, Nixlan touched her charm on the bracelet before Ainessa could grab me, sending me home instantly. Ainessa’s shriek came through the void with me, though. She said she would search for me until the end of time, and when she found me, she would make me wish for death.”
I hid my shudder. “Do you still have it?”
She grimaced. “That’s why I’m so upset. That horrible creature took it, too.”
I inwardly smiled as previously unrelated dots started forming a picture. “So you moved to Utah right after that?”
“Mom was mad at me for wandering the woods when we had to leave. We took Daddy’s jet. I slept the whole way. I didn’t wake up until we landed in Moab.”
“You haven’t seen Ainessa again, before tonight, I mean?”
Cassie looked confused. “No. Why?”
My mind whirred, piecing things together. “Grace said I left some sort of sanctuary. Maybe whatever concealed me kept her from finding you and you from seeing them anymore? Your hallucinations completely stopped when you came to Utah, right?”
“Yeah. It’s the only place that I don’t see them.”
My eyes snapped her way. “Wait a minute. Why were you institutionalized then?”
She shook her head. “I cried for months after we moved because I couldn’t see Nixlan anymore. The bracelet didn’t work. My parents were worried about me and did what they thought was right. That was where I learned to hide my sight. I saw something fae every day in the institution, but I ignored it. It went away again when I came home. I hated going on vacations, but Daddy insisted every year. He said he didn’t want me to forget there was a whole world outside of Utah.”
I grinned. “This is great news. If I can get a call to go through to Aunt Grace, she might be able to answer a question before they start blocking the conversation.”
“What are you talking about?”
I shrugged. I was hoping there might be a sanctuary somewhere close. If I could sneak away with Cassie, maybe we could ditch the lords for good. “The fae have been scrambling my calls to her for some reason. She has to know something they don’t want me to find out.” I tried, but the call didn’t go through. I was about to set my phone down when I realized I had a message.
Zach’s rich voice sent shivers through me. “Hey, my love. I miss you. Want to hang together later? You’re it.” I reluctantly hit save. I’d have to call him in a while.
“First skipped message,” announced an automated female voice. I’d forgotten Aunt Grace had left a bunch of messages for me the night I came here.
“What are you doing?” Cassie asked.
I gestured for her to wait and went through each one carefully, listening for clues. Most were just Aunt Grace telling me to call her as soon as possible, but the later calls held a palpable urgency.
The last one was weird. “Rayla, if you get this, I want you to go to the nearest church and stay there! I don’t care if you decided to take a joy-ride with Cassie. I understand. I’ll explain things when you get home. It doesn’t matter which church you go to, just find one. Call me when you get inside. Don’t do anything or go anywhere else!”
Why a church? She’d said any church. Would all religions have sufficed?
“Well?” Cassie asked.
“Aunt Grace wanted me to go to church the night we came here.”
Cassie’s face scrunched up in a confused look. “I didn’t think she was all that religious. Why would she suddenly want you to find God?”
I rolled my eyes. Just because I hadn’t been to church for a while didn’t mean the man upstairs and I weren’t in contact. “What if the fae can’t go inside churches?”
Cassie shrugged. “I’d love to give you encouragement here, but I’ve seen them at Mass before.”
“Oh.” Then why had it been so important for me to find a church? Aunt Grace and Zach had both seemed astonished that I hadn’t been taken by the lords already. I really wanted to talk to Grace.
I was like a little bunny surrounded by circling coyotes. Which would be the one to get to me first?
“I’d better call Zach,” I said, dialing his number.
“Rayla,” Cassie said, her tone halting me mid-dial. “Something feels off about him.”
My heart plummeted. I hit end. I didn’t trust him completely, but he had seemed sincere about helping me the other night. “How so?”
“I can’t explain it, but I’ve seen fae creatures with him.”
“With him, with him, or by him?” There was a distinct difference in my mind.
She sat up. “He hasn’t talked to them or anything, but they stay around him like they…oh, I don’t know how to explain it.”
“Do they look like they’re spying on him? Zach told me he has had experiences with the fae. I thought maybe he could be the male version of whatever I am.”
She paused for a moment. “I guess that could be it. When did he tell you that?”
“At Roger’s. Speaking of, are you ever going to explain to me why you wanted to leave so badly the other night?”
She went to the window, gazing out into the darkness. “He was so charming. I felt cherished for the first time in my life. He told me he wanted to go somewhere private to talk. I thought he just wanted to get to know me better. I had no idea he had the biblical sense in mind.”
What a louse. “Are you kidding me?”
Her shoulders stiffened. “I’m glad you showed up when you did. I didn’t know how I was going to get out of it if he tried to take it any further.”
She should have known better. She was the only one that knew the real reason Brody and I had broken up. “Let’s see. You could have left the room, shouted for help, kicked him where it counts and bolted, grabbed something and bashed him over the head. I can go on for hours if you like.”
She turned around, her expression grave. “Every time I said something about heading back to the pool, he distracted me with flattery or questions that made me want to talk to him some more. I haven’t ever had someone that interested in me. It sort of scares me how fast he got me to relax around him. Just before you came, I took a drink of something weird.”
I gaped, walking over to her. “I can’t believe you did that! He could have raped you.”
She groaned. “I wasn’t thinking about that. He was so persuasive.”
“He’s a shark, Cass. You need to stay away from him.”
She gave me an ‘oh, really’ look. “What about Zach? I don’t see you avoiding him.”
I rolled my eyes. “He didn’t try to seduce me the other night. He didn’t try to get me drunk or wasted so he could do anything he wanted to me, either.”
She put her hands at her hips. “Just because he’s taking his time doing it, doesn’t mean that the end result won’t be the same. I’ve seen how he looks at you.”
I felt compelled to defend him. He had been a perfect gentleman at Roger’s. “Really, how’s that?”
She hesitated as if searching for the right words. It took her long enough to answer me. “Like you’re something to eat.”
I could tell he was attracted to me, but his glances had never been creepy. “When did that supposedly happen?”
She narrowed her eyes at me. “On the way to the game. You were looking out the window while he was taking in every inch of you.”
I moved to my bed. “Is it really so hard for you to believe that a good-looking man could want me?” She was acting like she had when the fab four were interested in me.
“Oh,” she huffed, face red. She sat at my desk. “I hate it when you make assumptions. You know how beautiful I think you are. My point is that he seems to be hiding something from you. I can’t really explain it. I just feel it.”
I had no doubt Cassie was feeling something, but jealousy couldn’t help the situation very much. She had given Zach the same sort of devouring looks the first time she had seen him that she was accusing him of giving me. What was the difference—the fact she didn’t know I’d caught her?
When she glanced at the floor, my pulse jumped. My bag was on its side, the edge of the book sticking out.
Before I could stop her, she reached down and took it out. “What’s this?”





The blood drained from my face. I tried to feign nonchalance as I moved closer. “Nothing special,” I said, holding out my hand. “Give it to me.”
She hid it behind her back. “If it’s no big deal, why do you want it so badly? You look as though you would kill me to get it.”
I was so full of anger at that moment I could have. I shouldn’t have cared if she knew about it now. Why was I so mad at her all of a sudden? I took a few calming breaths before I asked for it again.
“Here,” she said, shoving it at me. “I was just curious. It looks ancient.”
Once I had the smooth leather in my palm, I felt better. “That’s what I thought. Look, I’m trying to keep you from getting into trouble, too.”
“What?”
“I took it from Roger’s study.”
Her eyes flew wide then narrowed. “I’ve never known you to steal. What gives?”
Unnerved, I ran my fingers through my hair; how was I going to explain this to her? “Roger’s little brother startled me when I was reading it. I put it in my purse without thinking about it. I hadn’t meant to steal it, but I want to finish reading it before I give it back. Roger can’t know I have it, though. Alex said Roger doesn’t like people going into his study. He made sure I understood I would be in trouble if Roger found out.”
She laughed. “What was Roger supposed to do to you—kill you?” When I didn’t return her mirth, her smile melted away. “He may be a creep, but you can’t be serious.”
“I don’t know who Roger Wayne is, and I don’t want to. He’s into something wrong, Cassie. Alex actually inferred that I might be a spy. He was trying to joke about it, but I think he was looking for a reaction from me—something that would have given me away.”
She looked unconvinced. “But you aren’t a spy.”
“If Roger is the sort of guy I’ve taken him for, it wouldn’t matter to him why I was in his office. I don’t think he would care that this book is the only thing I saw, either. I don’t know what he’s hiding in there, but maybe he’s CIA or something.”
“You’d better hope not. They could be listening to our conversation right now.”
I was bewildered. “How do you know that?”
Her eyes gleamed with long held secrets. “Daddy has a device in his office that makes eavesdropping impossible.”
I didn’t want to insult her by asking the niggling question that worried me: what was her father hiding? “Doesn’t your dad’s company make iron furniture? What’s so top secret about that?”
She shrugged. “I overheard a conversation he had with a colleague that was visiting from Ireland. I didn’t want him to know I had been listening in the hall. He would have been really upset with me. I was supposed to be in bed.”
“That’s weird,” I commented absentmindedly. All of these things seemed like they could be connected, but I couldn’t figure out how.
“So,” Cassie trailed off expectantly. After I gave her a confused look she huffed. “Are you going to read the thing or what?”
I wanted to more than anything at the moment. When I caressed the smooth leather, Cassie cleared her throat. I got the hint. I read her the part I had already seen.

I write this account in hopes that some other unfortunate soul may benefit from the mistakes I have made. I would like to think I would have chosen death instead of bonding with my captor if the circumstances presented themselves again, but I find I am as much afraid of dying today as I was five hundred years ago.

This woman had to be an Elemental, but why would she have died if she hadn’t bonded with the lord that took her? There had to have been another option. At least, I hoped there was for my sake. And how on earth had she lived that long?
“The man in the gift-shop said something about wishing he were bound to me,” Cassie said, interrupting my thoughts. “It was an odd statement, but I was so mad at him at the time I couldn’t have asked him to explain what he meant.”
“I wondered if they were the same thing, too.”
Her gaze lowered to the book then back to me. “Have you figured out what it is?”
I sighed heavily, wiping moisture from my brow. I was tempted to open the window, but a sudden trepidation kept me from doing it. “Grace said the lords couldn’t bond with me until I was taken someplace specific.”
“Those men were lords!” She jumped to her feet and paced the room like a caged lioness.
“You should have known,” I said irritably. “I told you what Grace said after I called her. What does that mean for me?”
She didn’t answer me. “Why you?” she asked with a strange intenseness in her gaze.
I gave her a mocking glare. “You don’t think much of me, do you?”
She shook her head. “Stop putting words in my mouth. I just don’t see what they could want from you. It’s not like you’re any different than I am.”
I laughed. “Apparently they think so.”
“I’m confused. Tell me exactly what Grace said before we read any more of this thing.”
I spilled it all. Now two people knew how insane my life had turned.
Cassie wouldn’t look at me when I was finished. “I’m really sorry, Rayla. I had no idea it was this bad. I thought I had brought some creatures with me. I would never have guessed they might be here for you instead.”
“No big.” I got up to get a drink. “They haven’t taken me yet, so there’s still time to figure out how to stop them. I need some ammo for tomorrow.”
“What happens then?” Cassie asked with a frown.
I lowered the cup in my hand. Could she be any more clueless? “I start my job.”
“You are not still considering working!” She took the glass from me and gulped down half of it. “What if they decide to take you? You can’t risk it. I won’t let you!”
I crossed my arms. “I will not hide in my dorm waiting for them to come get me. I have a life to live, and they are not going to stop me. I need to find something in this book that will help me get rid of them.”
“That’s a great plan,” Cassie said. “What happens if there isn’t anything useful in it?”
I threw up my hands. “If you know what I can do, now would be the ideal moment for you to tell me.”
She locked gazes with me. “I’m sorry, Rayla. All I know is that lords are a big deal in the fae world. They are the real royalty and are nearly worshiped by their people. My conversations with Nixlan never got to how to stop them from taking someone. You don’t know how badly I wish they had, but I didn’t even know those men were fae. I couldn’t see it. They must have really powerful glamour.” She held my shoulders firmly. “You can’t go to Notre Dame anymore. Make them come to you. Let me pay for your expenses. Please, Rayla. Think about what you are risking.” Her tone lowered. “I don’t want to lose you.”
I shook my head, stepping back. “Then help me fight them. I refuse to cower away from my life because a few guys think they can steal my dreams from me.”
“What if—”
“I can’t talk about this anymore. It’s already late, and I’ve got a busy day ahead of me. I can read out loud if you want.”
“That’s okay. I don’t want to disturb you.” She climbed up to her bunk and settled in.
She looked hurt, but the last thing I needed was to add more doubt to my already questioning mind. This book was special. I felt it every time I held it. I just needed to find what I was looking for. I should have smoothed things over with Cassie, but I couldn’t risk another distraction. Time was slipping away from me like water through a sieve.
Lily—the author of the journal—had a pretty colorful life before she had been captured. Her mother had run away with her when she was a child trying to protect her from her own father, if you can believe that.
He belonged to an organization that conspired with the fae to breed Elementals in exchange for power and money. He had planned to give his daughter to the fae when she turned nineteen in exchange for a governmental position of some sort.
Was the same kind of thing still happening today? Was that why I knew nothing of my own father? Could he be part of some hellish organization that sold children for power and status?
I didn’t quite understand it, but each Elemental was chosen and branded at birth by one of the basic elements. Lily had been born with the mark of air.
Shouldn’t I have a birthmark? The only thing that marred my skin was my scar. I guess I could have had a mark, but I didn’t remember one.
There was something else bothering me. Each statement I read led me to believe Elementals were only female. Were males called something else? Did Zach have hidden power like I did? Was that why he seemed to know so much about the fae, or had I gone to the most likely conclusion without considering other options? I needed to be careful. He had a way of setting me at ease, but what if… My head erupted with a sharp pain that went as fast as it came. Man, I lost my train of thought.
Anyway, Lily’s mother, Ingrid, had taken her to a distant land. She had been successful at hiding her daughter for many years, until one day strangers had come to their village asking questions about a widow with a grown daughter. Ingrid fled with Lily, but she was too late. The lords found Lily on her nineteenth birthday:

Mom had taken me to the May Day celebration against her better judgment. She gave in because I had agreed to stay by her side the entire time. I watched while girls danced, weaving colorful ribbons down the Maypole. Mom walked a few paces away from me to discuss something with the butcher. From the look on his ruddy face, he was sweet on her. I became bored with their flirting. I gazed longingly at the laughing couples swaying to the music.
As was mostly the case, we were new to town, so when the lords approached me I had no reason to fear them. Mom had warned me about fae men, but nothing could have prepared me for first contact. She told me to marry an ugly man—that way I would know he was not one of them. I was young and was overcome when they showed interest in me.
One in particular seemed enamored of me. His words made me blush and sparked a desire within me I could not deny. When he asked me to dance, I thought nothing of it. If I had to marry an unattractive man, shouldn’t I allow myself one dance with the most beautiful man I had ever seen?
The last word I ever heard from my mother was a blood-curdling—‘no.’ The next thing I knew, I was in a land that could not exist. The colors hurt my eyes. The sounds made me cover my ears. Traumatized, I looked to the man that had taken me from my life.
Cold, ageless eyes stared back at me. “Your body will adjust in time,” he’d said. There was no apology in his gaze or on his perfect lips.

When Cassie shook me awake, I was still at my desk. I wiped the drool from my mouth. “What time is it?”
She yawned, stretching her tiny frame skyward. “Eight-thirty.”
I shot out of my seat. I was going to be late to class. “Why didn’t you wake me sooner?”
She calmly looked down at me. “I just got up myself. Sorry.” She turned, walking to the dresser and back with the clock in her hands. “Why didn’t my alarm go off?” She ran her fingers through tangled hair, hovering over my shoulder. “Did you learn anything useful?”
I didn’t know how long I had stayed up reading, but I felt exhausted. “Not yet, but man was it interesting. The way she described the fae realm was enthralling.”
Cassie’s gaze grew distant. A tiny smile spread across her lips. “It is beautiful.”
I was so tempted to skip classes today to read more, but I wasn’t about to risk my education when I had worked so hard to get here in the first place. College life was much more difficult than I had expected, but it was the step I needed to get into the industry.
I showered in record speed, making it to my religious studies class just on time. Unfortunately, I couldn’t concentrate. I probably wouldn’t be able to remember anything I learned today because I couldn’t keep my mind off how I was going to get rid of the lords.
I was worried about the possibility of running into one or all of them at work. I decided to take the bus to the library to avoid being alone. Running would have been great, but I couldn’t risk it. A rigid tension was building inside me even though I had been working out in the fitness center. Running on a treadmill was no substitute for the real thing. My feet needed to connect with pavement, or maybe it was the elements? All I knew was my lungs needed the fresh air, but that would have to wait until I could get rid of my not-so-harmless admirers.
Two girls stood at the bus-stop with me. We had dispersed with introductions, and they were busy talking about how excited they were to be going to Notre Dame tonight. I wished I was so thrilled. When the bus pulled to a halt, I climbed in first, greeted the driver, and stopped mid-stride at the top of the steps.
Luke sat casually three rows back. The urge to run shot through me, but how could I without giving myself away? I squared my shoulders, planning to walk by him without even acknowledging he was there. That backfired like my car when I didn’t warm it up.
He grabbed my elbow before I could pass him. “I’ve saved a seat for you, beautiful.”
How had he found out I would be here? Turning toward him, I gave him a curt nod. “Oh, hi,” I said in the fakest tone I had ever heard. “I didn’t see you there.”
He smirked, tilting his head in mockery. “I know how I affect you.” He ran a disconcerting finger over my wrist. “You are nervous around me. You need not be.”
I glanced sidelong at the sun god. “That’s your opinion.”
“Please, Rayla.”
My name on his lips did funny things to my mind. Everything inside me wanted to give anything and everything he could ever ask for. He stood, towering over me with his exquisite body.
“Have a seat. I have gone through much trouble to meet you alone. I merely desire to speak to you.”
I fought the compulsion surging through me to do what I had been told. “So said the fox to the gingerbread man,” I hissed. “I am not so gullible.”
His expression turned openly delighted. “That is what interests me most about you.” He chuckled. “I promise not to eat you, if you will listen to me.” His smile was warm, kind even.
The girl behind me cleared her throat. “Excuse me. Can we get by you? The bus does run on a schedule.” She finally got me to comply to Luke’s wishes with a little shove. Too bad she was the one who tripped up the aisle when she took one look at him. Served her right.
I lifted my chin in defiance before planting my backside on the seat next to him. Clinging to the edge of the seat, I stayed as far away from him as I could manage. I wasn’t going to believe a word that came out of his mouth.
“That wasn’t so hard, now was it?” His cool gaze lingered on my face.
My skin burned where his shoulder touched mine. “Speak for yourself.”
His brows rose skyward while a tiny muscle tightened near his eye. After only a moment a slow smile spread across his gorgeous lips. “You know what I am.”
My eyes flew wide. When I opened my mouth to protest, his soothing, gentle touch on my lips took my breath.
“This pleases me. We will have an easier time getting to know one another now.”
How was I supposed to respond to that? I turned away from his intense gaze, inwardly shaking myself for being so stupid.
“I have something for you,” he said, pulling a prettily wrapped package literally out of thin air. “I give this to you in the hopes you will see I am not so very different than you. I, too, have dreams and ambitions. Together, we can attain anything.”
Even though I wanted to, I couldn’t look away from him. “I—”
“You needn’t say anything, Rayla.”
We were at my stop. I stared into his cerulean eyes looking for some evidence of duplicity. If it was there, I couldn’t see it.
“I will see you soon, my beautiful Elemental.” He caressed my cheek gently and gave me a minute smile. “Perhaps next time, you will want to talk to me.”
I got off the bus, clumsily shoving his package into my purse. I had a hard enough time with Lily’s journal secretly calling to me. Now I had a present I didn’t have time to open.
I ran underneath Touchdown Jesus to the library doors, eager to avoid any more interaction with the lords. The mosaic was beautiful. Had it been intentionally created with football in mind or was it just a happy coincidence that Jesus had his arms raised like a game official. All he was missing really was the whistle and uniform.
Religious icons were everywhere on campus. The library was no exception. If church provided a measure of protection from the lords, I hoped this place would suffice. I flung the door wide, rushing into the spacious foyer.
Alex Wayne stood stoically in front of me, his arms folded across his chest. I gave him a token smile and walked right past him.
He fell into step beside me. “Why the hurry?”
I didn’t feel like talking. My words were breathless. “I’ve got to find my trainer. I work here now.”
A deliberate smile spread across his lips. “I know.”
I didn’t remember telling him anything about my new job the other night. “It’s good to see you, Alex, but I really need to go. I don’t want to be late on my first day.”
He laughed. His gaze found mine and held it captive. “I’m the one you’re looking for.”
Why did I feel as though his words offered a double meaning I wouldn’t like to understand? “You can’t work here.”
“Yes,” he said with a triumphant grin, “I do. Mr. Hansen sent me to find you. I’m to show you around and get you started.”
I gave him a skeptical look. “What gives, Alex? You don’t need to work.”
“I volunteer three days a week.” He smiled proudly. “I have been for six months, so you can get over yourself now.”
After a moment’s hesitation, I decided to believe him. “Are you sure I don’t need to clock-in or something?”
He smiled impishly, shoving his hands in his back pockets. “I forgot about that. Come on, and I’ll show you.”
The library was bigger than I had expected. Although decidedly mid-century modern, the interior reflected the same gothic arches and columns that dominated the surrounding buildings. Rich walnut stacks were neatly set in rows. Several cozy seating areas were scattered throughout the first floor with tables lining the walls.
Alex led me to the ancient languages library. Several piles of books waited on tables to be put away.
“I’m sure you can figure this part out by yourself,” he said, looking distractedly behind me.
The clip-clop of heels erupted down the marble hall. A girl walked toward us. She was cute with rounded features, thick straight blonde hair, and brown eyes. The tailored jacket and mini-skirt she wore looked all wrong on her.
Her face flushed prettily with color before she spoke. “Mr. Hansen wants to speak with you, Alex.”
He rolled his eyes, clenching his jaw. “Don’t go anywhere, Rayla. I need to talk to you.” His sneakers screeched in protest as he ran down the hall.
The girl walked over to me, holding out her hand. Her floral perfume overwhelmed my senses. “I’m Brooke. I work here a few days a week. Let me know if Alex gives you any trouble. He can be overly demanding at times.”
I just bet. The more I was around Alex Wayne the less I thought he was who he appeared to be. “I’ll keep that in mind.”
She turned to leave then hesitated. “I’m taking my break at seven if you’d like to join me. I’d love some company.”
I smiled. “Thanks. I’m off at seven, but I’ll take a rain-check.” I was happy to have someone else to talk to. I didn’t want to spend any more time alone with Alex than I had to.
She left me to it. I started with one of the larger stacks and got to work. It wasn’t exactly brain surgery, and focusing on putting the books away took my mind off the lords. After a couple of hours by myself, I was beginning to wonder if I had been abandoned. I was just putting the last book into place when Alex came down the aisle.
He didn’t return my smile. Instead he gestured for me to be quiet, pulling me into a conference room. He shut the door behind him, his features tight with a grim expression. “It appears there is one book you’ve failed to return.” Sweaty fingers clamped around my elbow. His gaze pierced my soul. “You need to give it back, Rayla.”
I had a hard time suppressing my surprise. I was tempted to lie to him but figured it wouldn’t do any good. “Why the melodrama? I fully intend to return it when I finish reading it.”
“There’s no time for that.” His fingers dug into my arm. “Do you have it with you? If you give it to me tonight, Roger may never find out you took it.”
I was desperate. “You’re the only one who knows I have it. Please, I need to read it.”
He got a funny look on his face. “Why?”
I wasn’t about to tell him the truth. Although, if his brother had a book written by an Elemental, Alex was probably well aware of the world I didn’t want to believe existed. “I’m just really into it. It’s enthralling. Have you ever read it before?”
He quirked a brow. “I already told you. Roger doesn’t let anyone into that room, not even me. I should tell him what you did and be done with this, but I like you.”
What would Roger do if he found out Alex had a key to his study? I would only use blackmail if I had to. It took me a second to think of something that might appease him. “Are you working tomorrow?” Maybe I could copy the book and no one would be the wiser? All I knew was that I didn’t want to give it back, ever, let alone right now. “I could bring it with me then.”
“Nice try,” he said dryly. “I already saw it in your purse.”
My lungs tightened as though an angry gorilla was using them for drums. “How dare you go through my things!” Rivulets of moisture fell down my back. Had he been bold enough to look into the package Luke gave me?
“I could have taken it back already, but I was hoping to give you the opportunity to do the right thing.”
Why hadn’t I finished it last night? I should have skipped classes today. “I really need to know what’s in that book!” I grabbed his forearm, my nails digging into his skin. “Please, Alex. I’m begging you.”
His gaze fell dispassionately to my ineffectual hand. “How could you be so desperate to read a stupid book?”
I was offended on several different levels. He clearly wasn’t an avid reader. “How do you know it’s dumb if you haven’t even read it?”
“Maybe I should,” he said. “I told you not to get involved in this stuff.”
“I’m trying to avoid getting sucked into whatever this is.”
He edged a little closer with a sly smile on his boyish face. With steady fingers, he pushed sandy bangs from his hazel eyes. “I could be persuaded to let you keep it a little while longer.”
I backed away from him. “What did you have in mind?”
“Not much.” He smiled broadly. “Just a kiss.”
No problem. I planted a sweet one on his cheek.
He let out a gusty chortle. “That’s not quite what I had in mind.”
I smirked inwardly. “I know, but it is all I can give you. My life is a little complicated at the moment.”
His expression turned grave. “It could become a lot more so if Roger found out about you.”
The heat of anger crept up my neck. “Are you threatening me?”
His eyes were cold. “I don’t do threats. You need to prove to me that you are just a sweet girl that was in the wrong place at the wrong time.”





I searched Alex’s face. My hopes for saving my dignity deflated fast. “How am I supposed to do that?”
“Give me what I asked you for. You can tell a lot about a person from the way they kiss.”
“Is that so?”
He traced the line of my jaw. “I already know more about you from how you just reacted.” He came closer, caging me against the wall, edging my knees apart with his.
His request shouldn’t have bothered me. A kiss didn’t have to mean anything. I wanted more time to read the book, but I was hesitant. For some reason I couldn’t explain, I was reluctant to kiss him.
“Come on, Rayla. One kiss will buy you a week. I’ve already readjusted the shelf and wiped out the footage of you taking Roger’s book.” He grinned boyishly. “I should have brought it for you to watch. It was quite comical. The look on your face when I opened the door was priceless.”
I narrowed my eyes at him. “Why would you do that for me?”
“I wish I knew.” He looked down at me, studying my face. He caressed my hair gently. “I would hate to see you get trapped in my world, I guess.”
What world? Unless he had the best glamour, ever, he couldn’t be fae. I had a hard time believing this kid was really part of the ancient organization that traded women for power.
“I don’t want that to happen any more than you do,” I said hotly.
He smirked. “Then give me what I’m asking for. It’s just a token, really.”
“Fine.” I readied myself mentally. “Go ahead.” I waited with my eyes closed, my back pressed firmly against the cold wall.
I felt rather than heard his chuckle. “You aren’t getting off that easily.” He traced my collar bone. “You need to give me a kiss.”
I had never instigated a first kiss in my life. I glanced at him through my lashes. He couldn’t be serious.
His gaze was firmly planted on mine. He was playing mind games with me. How could someone so innocent in appearance be so diabolical? I had underestimated him because he seemed harmless. I wouldn’t make that mistake again.
“I’m waiting,” he said after a few moments.
Why was I finding this so difficult? It wasn’t as though I had a boyfriend. I held the secret desire that Zach would fill the position soon. I felt as if I would be cheating on him if I kissed Alex, which was ridiculous. I had only met Zach last week.
Alex shrugged. “I’ll take the book then,” he said with disappointment clear on his fallen features.
Why did I feel bad for putting that look on his face? “I just—oh, all right. But you’re road-kill if you tell anyone else about this.”
He made a zipping motion near his lips. His hazel eyes dared me to make the first move.
I rose onto my toes. “I’m just going to kiss you now.” How had I considered him small before? Had he grown eight inches in a few days? “It isn’t a big deal.” I placed my palms on his chest. His muscles constricted beneath my light touch. He was more chiseled than I had given him credit for. I swallowed hard. Why was my mouth so dry? I inched closer. My lips were a mere breath away from his. I gritted my teeth.
I couldn’t do it. After all that, I was still going to lose my book because I was too much of a coward to close the gap.
He moved so fast, I couldn’t stop him. I was suddenly in his arms. When I opened my mouth to protest, his lips covered mine. He pulled me flush with the hard line of his body, running his hands up and down my spine.
I had to give him props. He was a fantastic kisser. I couldn’t fathom how a guy like him learned to move like that, but I was a mess of conflicting emotions when he finally pulled away.
I blinked a couple of times. I tried to clear my head, but it wasn’t working. Why had he affected me so strongly? I wasn’t really attracted to him, was I?
“You passed,” he said smartly. “Make sure you have it back here in five days.”
I wiped my mouth. “You said I’d have a week.”
He brushed a lock of hair from my face. “I deducted four days because you chickened out at the last minute.” His eyes glistened wickedly as he tweaked my nose. “I gave you back two because you didn’t pull away from me.”
I took a measured look at this man-boy. Nature had done us all a disservice by disguising a devious mind under such a guileless face.
I should have seen it in his eyes. I could now. I was too curious about his experiment to keep silent. “So what do you know about me now that you didn’t a few minutes ago?”
He smirked, bringing a finger under my chin. “You follow. You only lead if you have to. You have plenty of pent up fire in you that ignites when you feel threatened, but you are generally timid. Most important of all: You are not the sort of girl who would sneak into my house to steal secrets for my enemies. You could never be that underhanded.”
I gaped at him. Everything he’d said was true…. Well, mostly. I wanted to be a leader. I just didn’t know how.
He lowered his face towards mine again. I ducked under his arm, sprinting to the door. He was not kissing me again. Ever. He sniggered behind me.
“What!” I demanded hotly, whirling around.
“You’ve whet my appetite, Rayla. Next time, I might just figure out what role you play in our little game.”
“There will never be a next time, Alex.”
“Delude yourself all you like.” He licked his upper lip, smiling. “I wouldn’t count on it.”
I left the room to find Brooke. I had caught the attention of the worst predator out there, only he had the innocuous, unassuming look of a kitten. What had I just done?
I kept glancing behind me expecting Alex to be lurking there. Distractedly, I rounded the corner. When I turned around, a massive torso blocked my path. I didn’t have time to sidestep him. He tried to keep me from falling, but I rebounded off him, landing on my backside.
“And here I thought you were trying to avoid me,” Zach said with a broad grin. He held out a hand and pulled me up.
“I’m so sorry. I just. Well.” How was I supposed to explain to him why I was this disoriented? I didn’t want him to ever find out I had kissed Alex.
“Were you?” He asked. His beautiful eyes searched mine intently.
I looked behind me. “Was I what?”
His brows furrowed. “Trying to avoid me.” He shoved his hands in his pockets. “Didn’t you get my message?”
I closed my eyes slowly, grinding my teeth. How had I forgotten that? “I meant to call you, but I was up really late last night.” I smiled to reassure him. “I was planning to call you later.”
Thankfully his expression brightened a bit. “What time do you get off?”
I looked at my watch. “In a few, but I need to study again. We’ll have to hang-out another time.”
“Let me give you a ride back to your dorm.” Zach tucked a strand of hair behind my ear. “I miss you.”
His nearness calmed me, giving me a sense of security that I desperately needed at the moment. Looking at him, I realized something very important: Alex wasn’t the biggest threat in the human arena. I was looking at him.
At least this lion didn’t make me feel like I was on the menu. “I’ll meet you in the lobby.”
I grabbed my things and clocked out. Not wnting to spend another minute in the library, I bounded down the stairs toward the exit. Would I ever find a safe place again?
“Ms. Tate,” a male voice I didn’t recognize called out behind me before I had even gotten halfway down the staircase.
“Yes,” I said, turning warily.
At the top of the stairs stood a distinguished looking middle-aged man with jet black hair that was silvered at the temples. He held a puzzled expression. “Didn’t Alex tell you I wanted to talk to you before you left?”
“It must have slipped his mind.” I wasn’t about to tell him that Alex’s tongue had been too busy doing other things. “Are you Mr. Hansen?”
He shot me an irritated expression. “Follow me, Ms. Tate.”
I looked longingly toward Zach, who waited for me at the bottom of the stairs. His expression said “Go ahead. I’ll be here when you’re done.” I hesitated.
My boss grunted in displeasure. “I assume you are intelligent enough to understand what I just asked of you. What is the matter, Ms. Tate?”
I looked at him with pleading eyes. “I’ve already clocked out, and my ride is here, Mr. Hansen. Do you mind if we meet on Wednesday?”
His face was indifferent. “Very well. Come to my office first thing.”
“I will. I…” There was no point in saying another word as he had vanished from view.
I spun around with a big grin plastered across my face. Zach held an arm out for me, and I gratefully accepted it.
“Long day, huh?” he asked, holding the door open.
“You have no idea.”
“Are you sure you have to go straight to your dorm?” he asked, giving me a sidelong glance.
“I really should.”
He smiled, slipping his hand into mine. “But…”
I was curious now. “What do you want to do?”
“Wipe that look right off your face.”
I nudged him playfully. “What look?”
“You’re obviously stressed when you should be enjoying life. Let me give you a bit of joy.”
I giggled. “How do you plan to do that?”
He squeezed my hand gently. “I’d like to see you hold onto that expression with the wind whipping through your hair at a hundred-miles-per-hour.”
I yanked my hand from his, backing away. “Oh, no I’m not.”
“Rayla, trust me. I know of which I speak.”
“I don’t know.”
He took my hand again, pulling me into motion. “I dare you to refuse my ride.”
He led me to his motorcycle. It was definitely different than the one I had seen on my way here. First of all, it wasn’t morphing into an eight-foot tall winged horse. Also, it had plenty of gleaming chrome, but this classic Harley was electric-blue, not black. The nagging suspicion I had about Zach had just been obliterated.
Whatever else he turned out to be, he wasn’t the man that followed me to campus. I let that thought circulate a few times.
I smiled brightly. “What are we waiting for?”
He gave me a ‘told-you-so’ look before climbing on. I slid behind him, not needing any encouragement. He turned around, fastening a helmet to my head.
“Where’s yours?”
He glanced down at me glibly. “That’s sweet of you to be concerned for me, Rayla.” He nudged the tip of my nose. “There is no need.”
“But—”
“Stop worrying already. Put your arms around me and hold on tight.”
I set my hands on his waist. What I really wanted to do was slide them greedily up and down his ripped torso.
He grabbed my fingers and tugged, placing one hand over the other in front of him. I was firmly planted against his back now. Oh, what the heck? I nestled into him. His muscles tensed slightly.
He pulled out, revving the engine. Once we got off campus, he opened up the throttle. The roar of the engine ate up the world. After a few minutes, my mind stopped racing as fast as the motorcycle. I was connected to him and the night.
For the first time in my life, I held no fear of the dark. I was amazed at the excitement swirling inside me. Adrenaline of a different nature coursed through my veins. I was more alive in that moment than I had ever been. I stopped paying attention to where we were and just enjoyed myself. I hadn’t done that in forever. It felt good.
Who knew how long we sped through the streets of South Bend. I didn’t care.
I couldn’t fight the impulse any longer. Zach gasped when my fingers traced the hard lines of his stomach. I ran my palms up to his chest and left them there. Then I buried my face into the hollow at his neck, inhaling his scent and closing my eyes. My helmet might as well have been nothing at all. I could have sworn I drifted off for a moment because my body was weightless, as if I were a bird riding a thermal. The road melted beneath us. The wind was a gentle caress against my skin. The crisp night air refreshed my senses.
He pulled off the main road, winding through the countryside. We finally stopped at a deserted park.
The equipment was old-school, nothing like the new things that look more like a spaceship than a playground. I felt at home instantly. In Castlerock, we were lucky to have a place to have fun at all.
Two swings waited for us to fill them. My fingers slipped around the cold metal links, and once I was settled, I pushed off from the sand. Zach stayed motionless in his seat, his gaze intent on me.
I leaned back, watching the stars blur as I sailed through the air feeling oddly liberated. “You have no idea how badly I needed this,” I said after a few minutes. “Thank you.”
He grinned. “I had a feeling. I love to see you smile.”
I gave him a big one. He let me soar through the night for quite a while before he caught my swing and pulled me to face him.
“I need to ask you something. I hate to even bring it up, but I worry for you.”
I frowned, not wanting this moment to end. “What is it, Zach?”
“Have you had a chance to talk to Grace lately?”
I scrubbed my shoes into the gravel. “I wish. I still can’t get my calls to go through. I haven’t gotten a letter from her, either. I have no idea if she even received the one I sent to her.”
“It’s very unlikely. Have the lords bothered you anymore?”
I looked at him sidelong. “Funny you should ask. Luke gave me a present today. He said I would want to talk to him after I opened it.”
Zach’s expression fell. “Have you seen what it was?”
“Haven’t had time. Other things keep coming up.” I looked over at him pointedly. “But I don’t mind some distractions.”
He didn’t laugh, in fact, his hands fisted and his jaw tightened. “Do you have it with you?”
“It’s in my purse.” My muscles stiffened in response to the look he gave me. “What’s wrong?”
He shrugged then gave me a reassuring smile. “Why don’t we see what it is before I pass judgment?”
I stood up. “I was planning on waiting until later, but I guess I could open it now.” I jogged to the bike and took my purse out of the saddlebag then ran back to Zach and plopped it in his lap.
I rummaged through the contents. The package was gone. “It was in here when I got off work.”
Relief filled his eyes. “What did it look like?”
“It was small, maybe fist sized, wrapped in blue foil. It had a pretty bow tied around it.”
We walked over to the bike, searching the surrounding area. Disappointment flooded me even though I should have been happy. I hadn’t gotten a real present in a long time.
He paced in front of me. “Maybe it fell out on the way here? It’s probably for the best. Fae gifts always come with strings attached.”
I grimaced. I hadn’t thought of that. “What sort of strings?”
He frowned. “It could have given Luke more power over you.”
I stared. “You just said ‘more.’ What power does he have now?”
His expression fell to nothing short of dismal. “Your name and compulsion.”
I knew it. Why had Cassie given them my name? “How do they use it?”
He sighed. “When they say your name in a certain way, it lessens your will.”
That explained my odd bus ride. “What would have happened if I had opened Luke’s gift?”
“If it was what I think it was, it would have connected you to him in a way that would have made you want to be with him so badly you would have done anything to make that happen.”
Had Luke really given me a booby-trap that would have made me a mindless zombie if I’d opened it? I gazed up at Zach. “I don’t want to be connected to him. He scares me.”
He nodded, folding his arms across his chest. “I’m taking you to work from now on.”
“I couldn’t ask you to do that.”
“You didn’t.”
I turned toward him. “That’s too much for you to do.”
He took my hand, lacing his fingers through mine. His touch eased the tension inside me, as if we had been dating for years, not days. I still couldn’t understand why I felt so close to him. “I’m grasping for any excuse to be with you. Besides, I liked having your arms around me. I could get used to that.”
I didn’t want to take advantage of his kindness. “Zach.”
He pulled me into a hug, pressing my face against his chest. “I won’t let them have you. No more arguing. It’s settled.”
I lost the grip on my purse and it thudded to the ground. He bent to pick it up. “What’s this?” He grabbed the edge of the diary, pulling it out.
Why not tell him? He was trying to help me. Not even Cassie cared this much. “I found it at Roger’s the other day. It’s why I told you I couldn’t come with you tonight. I wanted to read it. I think it can help me figure out a way to get rid of the lords.”
He whistled. “That would be quite a feat. What makes you say that?”
I shrugged, but I instantly moved to protect the thing, just like when Cassie had held it. I made myself stop. It was extremely difficult for me to not snatch it from his hand. “It’s how I feel when I hold it. I can’t really explain it, but it’s as if I’m connected to it somehow. I need to give it back in a few days. So I have to finish it quickly.”
He thumbed through the pages. “My place isn’t far from here. We could read it together.”



Zach took me on so many roads, I could have been in Kansas for all I knew. He pulled down a dirt driveway that wound through some trees. We stopped in front of an old farmhouse. The moon shone brightly, highlighting the peeling paint. More than a few shutters were missing, and the rest were hanging by a nail or two. I almost laughed because it looked like a haunted house.
The front door creaked loudly when he opened it. I followed him through a foyer into the den. I liked this study even better than the one at Roger’s, although they were very similar. Mahogany bookcases lined the walls here, too, but they were simple, not ornate. The leather chairs were old and worn in. The musty smell of aged paper and ash surrounded me.
Zach sat on his haunches, arranging logs and kindling as though he had been doing the task his entire life. Before I knew it, a blaze roared in the hearth. There was something about the way the fire licked at the wood that was more satisfying than the artificiality of gas.
I lowered myself to the couch. He settled in next to me and pulled a blanket over our legs.
“This place has a lot of drafts. Let me know if you get cold.”
With him next to me, that was impossible. I didn’t want to start over so I summarized what I had read so far before I continued.

My captor took me to the fae capital. I still didn’t know his name or what he was going to do with me. I have never seen the likes of that place. The streets are paved in gold. The air is ripe with heavenly spices and the sweet smell of the springtime blooms that line the roads in every color of the rainbow and others the human eye can’t quite see.
He was right. My body did adjust to my new surroundings. My eyes became accustomed to the intense glow emanating from everything. Even the dust glittered in infinite hues.
He took me to the high priestess. Her appearance shocked me. Twiggs and leaves adorned her matted white hair. She wore layers of animal skins. Her eyes were the color of frosted glass. Her skin was as pale as a new fallen snow.
She circled me, sniffing the air like a bloodhound. I could not take the intensity of her gaze after one look. She could see my soul. I kept my eyes locked to the glowing earth while she touched my hair, inspected my nails, and held my face in her tiny hands.
“This will be a good union,” she announced to the crowd that had gathered. “She has abundant power and will aid the light court for many years to come.”
The people cheered. My captor took my hand. “Come,” he said. “Tonight, I make you my queen.”
Two of the lords stepped forward formally. “We bear witness that this woman was taken of her own will,” the tall, dark one said.
I planted my feet. “I was not,” I said, but no one listened.
“We acknowledge Taveon of Uldran as the rightful claimant to this Elemental,” the other one said.
“Don’t I get a choice in any of this?” I asked, but, again, I was ignored.

I looked up at Zach. His face was dispassionate as though he was bored.
“How awful,” I said. “Can you imagine not having a say in who you marry?”
Zach shrugged. “Plenty of societies throughout time have used arranged marriage for social gain.”





My muscles stiffened. I glared at Zach. “That doesn’t make it right.”
He pulled me tighter. “It doesn’t make it wrong, either. You just don’t understand the custom. I have met plenty of men and women alike that feel a sense of ease with their life because they already know what will happen. They don’t have to worry about dating or finding the right person.”
“Yeah, someone else gets to decide that.”
“That’s my point.”
“Whatever,” I said in disgust.
“Don’t get angry, love. I know why this affects you so deeply.” He squeezed my arms. “I, more than anyone, want to keep you from going through what Lily did.”
“Luke would probably have me in front of that creepy woman right now if it weren’t for you. Thank you for helping me.” I attempted to pull out from under his chin, but he tightened his grip.
His voice held an uncomfortable edge. “Why don’t we keep reading?”
I couldn’t understand why he kept me cocooned in his arms. Was he trying to avoid looking at me? I wasn’t in the mood to pursue that line of questions. I was tired. “What time is it?” I had to be back in my dorm by twelve.
“Eleven.”
I groaned. I hadn’t even done my homework. “I really need you to take me back now.”
When I pulled away this time, he let me go, if reluctantly. The look on his face was conflicted. Had I misjudged him? Was Cassie right about him? Would he be another man that didn’t respect my wishes?
He stood up suddenly, grabbing my hand. “Let’s get out of here before I change my mind and do something we’ll both regret.”
He didn’t have to tell me twice. The night had turned cold. I shivered when he opened the door.
“Stay right there,” he said. He was back in seconds with a jacket. He gently slid it around my shoulders.
The thing dwarfed me, but I gratefully pushed my arms through the sleeves. His scent engulfed me. I swayed on my feet. Being near him was like an aphrodisiac. I couldn’t believe I was falling so hard and fast for him. I still didn’t know him very well, but when I was with him, everything made more sense.
I was almost asleep by the time he pulled up to my dorm. Yawning, I started to wiggle out of his jacket.
He placed a hand on my arm before he wrapped me in his strong embrace. “I’ll get it from you later. Good night, love.”
Guilt nagged at me as his face approached mine. Should I tell him what happened earlier? The moment his lips met mine, all thoughts of Alex disintegrated. His kiss was leisurely, as though we had all night. I could only take kissing him in short bursts. Otherwise, I would lose my mind and take it too far. I pulled away reluctantly.
He smiled sadly, as though he really didn’t want to let me go. “I’ll be right here Wednesday to take you to work.”
I was too exhausted to argue with him. Even though I had made it on time, I was glad the nosy guard wasn’t at her station when I went by. I slipped inside my room as quietly as I could. All the lights were off. Cassie snored lightly. I didn’t even undress. I fell into bed with Zach’s jacket on.



I woke to Cassie shouting at something unseen in the corner of the room.
“You filthy little tyrant! Give me back my things!” She paused with her hands on her hips.
I raised myself onto my elbows to see her better. I grinned.
She tilted her head belligerently. “Yes. I can see you. I don’t care if you like them.” She started pacing the room. Her eyes were aflame. “I can’t give you something else! Go steal from someone who thinks you’re a ghost!”
She paused as though waiting for a reply. “Take your pick. I don’t care. Just give me back my bracelet…and my broach.”
“Cassie,” I said. “Who are you talking to?”
She whirled around. “And you! How dare you stay out all night! I should have reported you.”
“What are you talking about? I was in bed before twelve.”
“I stayed up until two waiting for you. It’s really none of my business if you decided to sleep with him. You could have at least called me. I was worried sick.”
I wasn’t going to justify something that hadn’t happened, besides, if she had been that worried, she could have called me. “I know what time I got here. I looked at my watch before I walked through the door.”
She spun on her heels, facing the wall. “This is none of your business. Go away, you little rat. The next time I see you, you’d better have my things in your ugly fists.”
She walked over to the couch and plopped down. “I had no idea they could be this difficult.”
“Haven’t you ever talked to one of them before now?”
She smirked. “Sure I have, but Nixlan was nice.”
I laughed. “And this creature isn’t?”
She let out a huge gust of air. “He says he’s a troll. He claims if I can give him something better than what he took, he will return my things to me.”
I yawned. “You have plenty of jewelry. Just give him something that doesn’t mean that much to you.”
She frowned. “I’ve shown him everything else I own. He said he doesn’t like human baubles.”
I giggled. “He actually called them baubles?” He kind of sounded cute. I wished I could see him.
She glared at me. “What am I going to do, Rayla? Ainessa was hovering outside our window last night.”
My body stiffened. “What did you do?”
“Ignored her.” She grabbed a pillow and put it in her lap. “She couldn’t come in here without being invited.”
I snorted. “Is she a vampire?”
She shook her head at me. “You believe the most absurd things.”
“So believing in fairies isn’t absurd?”
She gave me a look. “Anyway, she banged on the window, and yelled at me to open it.” Cassie grunted her irritation. “As if I’d be stupid enough to do something like that. She told me that she wasn’t angry with me anymore, but she needed to talk to me.”
“About what?”
She caught my gaze before she said, “You.”
“Huh?”
“I know.” She threw her arms wide. “Why is the whole world obsessed with Rayla Tate all of the sudden?”
I harrumphed. “I realize I’m pretty ordinary, but no one wants to hear someone else tell them that, least of all their best friend.”
She looked at me guiltily before pacing the room. “I’m sorry for being awful. I’ve had the fae to myself for so long that I guess I feel possessive about the whole thing.” She spun around and frowned at me. “I know it’s ridiculous, so don’t even think about lecturing me.”
I shook my head. “I get it. It’s okay.”
She opened her mouth as if to speak, shut it then looked away from me. “Did you sleep with him?”
I got up and stood in front of her. “You should know me better than that.”
She rolled her eyes. “I just thought you might feel differently now that you have someone great in your life.”
“So Zach’s great all of the sudden? What happened to your feelings?”
She climbed up to her bunk, pulling the covers over her. She stretched her fingers to the ceiling as she indulged in an extended yawn. “Ainessa said it was imperative I keep you away from him.” She smiled faintly. “I figure he has to be a good guy based on that alone.”
How did Ainessa know Zach? “Did she tell you why?”
“She said something weird. She thinks you are something called the Nexus, and it was her responsibility to see you delivered to the courts. So they could decide what to do with you.”
“What’s a Nexus?”
Her tone was soft as though she was almost asleep. “I have no idea.”
“Could life get any weirder?”
She sat up, a grim expression on her face. “That is one of those questions you should never ask.”
I contemplated her statement. Before I knew it, Cassie was snoring.



I was on my way to the studio when a sultry voice erupted in my ear. “Good afternoon, my lady. May I have a moment of your time?”
When I whirled around, Taylor stood in front of me looking every bit the modern-day Zorro. He wore a clingy black suit. His hair was pulled back at his nape. His dark gaze feathered over me in a soft caress.
Not for the first time, I had a hard time looking away from him. Where had he come from anyway? I had been carefully watching for them. “Now’s not a good time. I’m going to be late for class.”
He blocked my path with his big body. “Luke claims to have a connection with you. I am confused because, the other day, I felt that we had formed a bond.”
I shook my head and pushed past him, fully planning to ignore him. He was next to me in seconds. I glared at him. His nearness was more than I could handle at the moment. I needed some distance. “Look. I’ve already told you guys. I’m not interested. I kind of have a boyfriend.” He moved ahead of me, blocking my path. I sidestepped him.
Taylor grabbed my arm, halting me. “He cannot give you what I can.”
What arrogance. Despite the thrill rushing through my body from his touch, irritation took over. “How do you know?”
He smiled gloriously. “I believe in upholding the traditions of the courts, but I am not oblivious to the plight of your kind.”
I went for coy. “What kind is that?”
“You can stop pretending, Rayla. I know that you know what we are.”
I smirked up at him. “Good for you.”
His eyes widened, his jaw tightening. “Do you find me distasteful in some respect?”
I took him in again, walking around him slowly. He shifted from foot to foot uncomfortably. When my gaze lingered on his bulging biceps, he cleared his throat.
I looked straight into his eyes. “Not at all. In fact, I find you absolutely delicious.” It was about time one of them felt like the cut of the day.
His eyes narrowed. “I will make this simple for you. I need you to show me your mark.”
I batted my lashes. “Mark?”
He clenched his fists and gritted his teeth. “It should be on your right shoulder.”
“Really?” I pulled my collar down, exposing my unblemished flesh.
He smiled like I had just given him Hawaii for his birthday. “I knew it!” He composed his expression once more. “May I see your other shoulder?”
I obliged. He came closer, inspecting my skin carefully. “It could be lower.”
I yanked away from him. “I am not going to strip down for you in the middle of the sidewalk. I have shown you what you asked to see.” I looked at my watch. “Time’s up, Taylor, I need to go.” My flesh came alive under his sudden touch.
“I must insist you come with me, my lady.”
I leveled my gaze to his seriously. “I am not your lady. I do not carry your mark. Therefore, you have no claim to me. Leave me alone.”
He almost looked hurt, as if that were possible. “I am honor bound to take you with me.”
I smiled, but it wasn’t nice. “No can do. I have class.”
“I do not wish to make this unpleasant for you.” He used his body to intimidate me.
Impatient to leave, I pushed at his chest. I shouldn’t have done that. My fingers itched to explore the taut curved line. I swallowed hard. “Why don’t you let the others take care of themselves? I don’t see them here backing you up. Why are you alone, anyway? I thought you all were supposed to stick together until the bonding ceremony.” I was throwing out phrases hoping something would affect him.
“Do not pretend that you understand the ways of my people. You are human, after all.”
I narrowed my eyes, stepping back. “Newsflash: that doesn’t make me stupid. Times are changing, Taylor. Clinging to old traditions can’t possibly help your people.”
He spread his hands in placation. “I do not know how I have offended you, my lady. But I can see I must make this as clear to you as possible. You will come with me. Now.”
I raised a warning finger, looking pointedly at the groups of girls that scuttled to class for emphasis. “You step a centimeter closer, and I will make the biggest scene you have ever had the displeasure to witness. I thought your kind were supposed to be discrete. Your courts frown on public displays of abduction, don’t they?”
He looked as if he could kill me on the spot. I was taking an enormous gamble by acting as though I knew everything, but I had to get him to leave. I couldn’t allow the rush of adrenaline his nearness caused to cloud my thoughts any further. I was becoming lightheaded with him standing so close. I couldn’t believe how I was acting, but something about him brought out my inner cat. Maybe a small part of me was trying to get back at him for Lily? Even if he hadn’t been the one who took her, he was definitely from the same court.
“It is only a matter of time, Elemental. You may not be mine, but you belong to my people. Do not presume that you can escape your fate.”
Not bothering to answer him, I headed toward the studio again. Thankfully he didn’t follow me. When I entered the building, I ran straight to the bathroom. His scent penetrated me to the core, surrounding me with his ghost. I splashed water all over my face. When that didn’t work, I blew my nose. It was no use. I was going to be out of it for a while.
Once I had regained a bit of composure, I hurried to class, trying to sneak to my spot in the back row. If I could get my supplies out quickly, maybe Professor Brown wouldn’t realize I was late.
He saw me the moment I opened the back door. Frowning, he shook his head.
I mouthed, “Sorry,” trying not to interrupt class.
For once the girls were quiet. They were all focused on something at the front of the room. The way the easels were positioned, I couldn’t see what it was. I picked up my new canvas and lifted it into place. Getting ready as quickly as I could, I pulled out my palate and sprayed some fresh water on the dobs of color. Then I looked up.
Luke’s tropical gaze collided with mine. His warm smile washed over me.
Great. He was all I needed. What was he doing here? Men weren’t supposed to be in class. Mr. Brown didn’t count. He was the instructor.
I had forgotten we were doing a human study. I peeked over the canvas again.
Luke’s golden flesh gleamed under the florescent light. My gaze traveled over the solid curve of his bare shoulder, down the chiseled line of his stomach and on to his…oh-my-stars. I did not just see that. Heat flooded through me and my cheeks heated as I took another peek.
Luke was a million shades of sexy with his clothes on. He was lethal without them. Racy thoughts pummeled my mind. I couldn’t do this. They were supposed to have a female model, and it was supposed to be later in the semester. Seemed Luke could influence more than just me.
“Is there a problem, Rayla?” Professor Brown asked from behind me, seeming genuinely confused at my reaction.
My mind raced for an acceptable excuse. I could pretend I was sick and leave, but then I would fall behind. I wasn’t going to jeopardize my future just because Luke was playing dirty. “I’m trying to figure out the colors to mix for his skin.”
“Try burnt sienna, purple, and…” He peered up the aisle, angling his neck and straightening it again. “Why don’t you start with a rough sketch like the rest of the class? I’m going to have to give more thought to the mixture.”
Good luck with that. How could you synthesize tiny particles of ethereal gold luster from ordinary human paint? I hid behind my canvas until Mr. Brown cleared his throat.
Okay, no problem. If I focused on the parts and not the whole, maybe I could do it without passing out. I looked at some of the sketches. Not likely.
I started with his face. I traced the line of his square jaw. No. That wasn’t right. It was angular with square points. There. That was it. His hair came next. Soft waves formed around his linear brow then on towards his broad cheekbone. I became obsessed with getting the lines perfect, just like he was. By the end of class, I had his flawless lips down on paper.
My heart was no longer hammering, but it wasn’t calm either. I packed up my supplies, praying he would let it be. As long as he left me alone, I would be okay.
No such luck. He stood next to me as though appraising my work. Thankfully, he’d wrapped a towel snuggly around his hips.
“You show promise. Would you like to learn from Da Vinci’s tutor?”
And so it began. He had found the one thing that could get me to want to go with him. In that moment, I realized he could give me everything I was working toward and more. If I stayed in his realm for centuries, I could hone my craft to perfection. I could become anything I desired by the time he brought me back to my human existence. I stopped my thoughts from going any further. I couldn’t let myself go there. I raised my gaze slowly to his. “What would it cost me, Luke?”
A muscle twitched near his eye. “How did you find out?”
“Does it matter?”
He shrugged nonchalantly. “Compulsion can only intensify feelings that already exist.”
I turned away, not willing to listen to his lies. Why did he affect me so? “Please leave me alone.”
“Rayla—”
I looked at him squarely. “I do not carry your mark. You have no claim to me.” Not wanting to waste any more time, I exposed my right shoulder.
He pulled the cloth lower running his fingers over my skin. His touch sent a rush of heat through my frame. I leaned into him momentarily, savoring his nearness. I could have him for an eternity if I gave in. With effort, I straightened.
He shook his head warily, searching my face intently. “It has to be here. I can feel you.”
“Maybe you need a vacation,” I said coldly.
His faint smile turned serious. “You must come with me quietly. We have to find out what has happened here.”
My body didn’t want to obey my mind. I could hardly think because I had to use all my concentration to keep myself from leading him to the door. “Like I told Taylor, I want you to leave me alone, Luke. I don’t wish to scream, but I will.” I forced myself to stare boldly at him even though my will melted a little more with every second I spent near him.
He traced the line of my jaw. “This isn’t over.”
When I nodded, he turned and moved casually down the aisle toward the front of the class disrobing as he went. I shifted my gaze, sighing in relief. After I cleaned up as fast as I could, I dashed out the door.
I ran straight for my dorm. I had to give myself time to recover. I couldn’t go to any more classes today.
“Hey, Smick,” someone shouted behind me.
I kept running. The guy repeated the word. It was closer. Could he be talking to me? I glanced over my shoulder.
Adam from IPS was red-faced, running toward me. He smiled. “Whew,” he said between gasps. “You on the track team or something?”
“No.” I groaned inwardly. Unfortunately, Jessica had been right, for once.
“Could you spare a few minutes?”
I shrugged. “Why’d you call me ‘smick?’”
He quirked a grin. “It’s short for St. Mary’s College.” When I continued to stare dumbly at him, he said, “You know—a nickname.”
I hadn’t heard that one before. I preferred ‘Belles.’ ‘Smick’ sounded like a swear word. “My name is Rayla, and you’re wasting your time. Jessica already told me my room was haunted, but I haven’t had any experiences.”
He frowned. “That’s too bad, but it doesn’t really matter. I wondered if you would do something for me.”
Like I didn’t already have enough to worry about. “What’s that?”
“It would take a miracle for us to get permission to investigate any more of campus, but I thought maybe you could help us out on that front.”
I cocked my head to the side. “I don’t want to get into trouble.” I started walking away.
Adam followed me. “It isn’t a big deal. I’m not asking you to carry in a camera or anything.”
I was running out of patience. “Explain.”
He pulled out a gadget, handing it to me. “Just turn it on when you go to sleep.”
“What is it?”
“It’s for recording EVPs.”
“EMF, EVP, I don’t speak paranormal, Adam.”
He smiled as though I had embarrassed him. “Sorry. I get used to talking to people who do. EVP is electronic voice phenomenon.”
I turned the thing over in my hand. It didn’t look all that special. “So this can capture voices of the dead?”
“That’s the idea.” He showed me how to use it. “Some people are pretty skeptical, but I’ve had weird things happen during investigations before.”
I drew in a lungful of air, closing my eyes. “If I get a recording for you, will you leave Cassie and me alone?”
He frowned. “I guess. Look if you don’t want to do it…”
I had obviously offended him. He wasn’t a fae lord, and he didn’t deserve to be treated like one. “I’m sorry. I’m just really tired. I’d love to help you out.”
He grinned. “Thanks. I’ll catch up to you in a few days. Just so I know, do you want me to tell you if I find anything?”
I nodded. “I love a good ghost story.”
He shot me a curious look. “Aren’t you afraid of them?”
I gave him a thin smile. “They are just people without a body.”
His expression told me he believed differently. “You know, I could use a level headed investigator. Let me know if you’d like to tag along with us sometime.”
Oh, how I would have loved to say yes, but I couldn’t do things like that now. I had to be sensible. Besides, I didn’t want to give the lords a perfect opportunity to kidnap me. “I’ll keep that in mind.”
I no longer wanted to go back to my room. I needed to get some frustration out. Shoving the recorder into my bag, I headed for the fitness center.
The crisp air bit into my skin, so I wrapped my arms around my chest, leaning into the frigid wind. I couldn’t get into the warm building fast enough.
After a few minutes on the treadmill, I decided to go for a swim. I was fast becoming sick of pretend running. Having learned my lesson, I had a suit with me this time. I set my things down on a bench and started unloading everything I needed. I looked around to see if anyone was around before I began changing. Old habits really do die hard. I stepped into the shower, letting the chill in the water wash over me.
The pool was crowded as usual. I had never seen a time when it wasn’t. I sighed in relief. This was one of the safest places I could be.
I started into laps, letting my mind wander. How was I going to get the lords to leave me alone? Was it even possible?
I couldn’t imagine going with them into their realm. What would happen to me if I did? They were so foreign. I wanted to stay in my world. I didn’t want to leave my life, especially now that I had Zach in it.
I really wished he was a bit more forthcoming. What was he hiding?
An uncomfortable feeling washed over me. Something was off, but I couldn’t figure out what it was. Looking around the now deserted pool, I shivered. Where had everyone gone? I hadn’t been here that long, had I? Wasting now more time, I pushed up onto the deck. I had thought I would be safe from the lords here, but I knew better now. I should never have given myself over to thought.
Jett was close. My body quivered slightly with every step that brought him closer to me. How had he gotten in here? Would he follow me into the locker room? I was only ten feet from the door.
“Good afternoon, Elemental,” his deep baritone rang out behind me.
I whipped around but kept moving toward my only chance at escape. He offered me a plush white towel. I accepted, wrapping it around my torso quickly.
“Thank you,” I said nonchalantly. “I’m sorry, but I don’t have time to talk right now. I have to get ready for class.”
His deep obsidian gaze traveled to my bare toes and back up. “Why do you fight your fate? You are a chosen woman, and you deny it at every turn.”
I looked behind me—only a few more steps. I could hear girls in the locker room. Someone had to come out soon. “I don’t believe in fate.”





Jett smiled. “Nevertheless, you are an Elemental, and I am a fae lord. You were created for me. How can you deny the connection we have? My brothers claim that they feel you as well, but I do not believe them.” He came closer, his nearness halting my retreat. He knelt before me. His hand traveled to my right thigh. A rough finger traced over my hip bone.
A jolt of power surged through my body. Try as I might, I couldn’t stifle my gasp. I wanted to step back, but my legs were locked where they were.
He pulled the towel to the floor. His dark hand hovered above my skin. He lifted my suit, exposing my hip. “Where is it?” His words were harsh. His dark, fathomless gaze met mine. He tilted his head, surveying me again. “You feel different than any other Elemental I have encountered. Have you found magic to conceal your mark?”
Was there such a thing? “I d-don’t have one.” It was all I could do to get the words out. “I w-want you to leave me alone.”
He brushed his calloused thumb across my flesh again. “I cannot give you what you ask. You feel me at the base of where you live, Rayla.”
My body waited for his command. I tried to scream, but nothing came out. I needed a new name.
He wrapped his arms around me. Every cell in me vibrated at his nearness. With gentle fingers, he placed a hand at my nape. I was helpless as his lips came nearer. My body was not my own. My mouth parted with a sigh.
With all the will I owned, I rolled away from him. I leapt to my feet and ran for the locker room. His big body blocked the doorway moments before I reached it. Trying not to slip, I ran toward the other door.
I looked back, expecting to see him chasing me. When I turned around, his arms clamped around me as I crashed into him. The force should have thrown us both to the cold cement, but my body reverberated from the impact of our collision.
I fought him, kicking at his shins, dragging my nails across his skin, wriggling myself in every direction I could. His grip never wavered.
After a few moments, I finally got up enough courage to look at him. He seemed neither angry nor affected in any way by my actions. How was I supposed to get out of this one? I sent a silent plea heavenward.
He was eying me suspiciously. “How did you do that?” The sound of his voice made my knees week.
I tried not to lean into him for support, but it was hard. “What?”
“You ran,” he said, matter-of-factly.
I frowned. “So?”
He raised a brow. “You should not have been able to.”
Could these guys get any cockier? “Why not?”
He laughed, deep and rich. A shiver sped up my spine. Something about his voice affected me deeply. I didn’t want it to.
“I think I will reserve that explanation for later. I may have underestimated the claim my brother’s have on you.”
“I don’t have a mark! None of you has a right to me.”
His thoughtful appraisal of my body was anything but comforting. “I will thoroughly enjoy searching for the truth behind that statement. But first, we need to find a more suitable location.”
“Ahem,” a crisp sounding voice rang out behind me.
Jett looked up. “This does not concern you, old woman. I suggest you leave.” He used the same inflection with the woman as he had when he said my name.
The sound of solid heels clanking on concrete grated on my senses. I opened my mouth to call for help, but nothing came out. My muscles would not follow my command. My eyelids fell as though I had been given a sedative. I was completely coherent, but my body had a new owner. If only I could get control again. How had I done it before?
“Young man, everything that happens in this institution is my concern. What is wrong with this young lady?” Her tone was more authoritative than Aunt Grace had ever managed. I didn’t think that was possible.
His irritation bounced off the walls. “I meant no disrespect, Sister.”
She huffed. “What exactly did you think calling me an old woman was going to engender? Appreciation of your astuteness? I am quite aware of my age, and I say to you again. What has happened to her?”
I felt his shrug. “She fainted. She hasn’t been taking very good care of herself lately.” He perfectly projected concern. “We were supposed to go get lunch together. I was worried when she didn’t show up…”
He sounded like a caring boyfriend. I would have believed him.
The tension in the room crackled as the woman bent toward me. The most I could get to happen was a twitch of my eyelids. I was screaming inside as though her soul could hear mine. “Don’t leave me here with him. Insist I go to the medical unit. Tell him to leave. He shouldn’t be in here!”
Cold but soft fingers pushed my chin to the side. Moments later they were on my pounding pulse.
Her tone reflected a hint of anger as she commanded, “You should go, now.”
Jett sounded like a kid balking at being grounded for two weeks. “But—”
Her words were solid, unbendable. “I will make sure she gets the care she needs.”
His body stiffened around me. He wouldn’t hurt her, would he? I didn’t want to be the cause of someone else’s pain.
He sighed, but his muscles didn’t relax. “Tell Rayla I will check on her later. I am sure she is only weary.”
“I’ll give her your regards. What did you say your name was?”
He hesitated. “Jett.”
“Before you go, would you be a dear and move her to the lobby?”
A new hope was clear in his words. “I will take her wherever you desire, Sister. I would be happy to carry her to the medical ward—”
She laughed lightly. “That will not be necessary. I’m sure you have other pressing matters to attend.”
Why would she think that? Jett lifted me against his body. My head lolled backward uncomfortably, but I couldn’t do anything about it. His movements were quick and jerky. If he didn’t stop soon, I would need a neck brace. I wanted more than anything for him to set me down. My entire frame rattled with every step.
He kissed my cheek gently before he lowered me to the couch. A harsh whisper blasted into my ear. “I will come for you later. Do not think you have escaped me.”
After a few moments, the clop of the sister’s shoes receded slightly. Wind rushed into the room, blowing my damp hair around my face. Wouldn’t you know it? My nose itched.
He was gone. Why wasn’t I recovering? I was still stuck with no control over my own body.
Bristly fabric brushed then settled against my thigh. I could never understand why people liked wearing wool. A gentle touch rested on my brow as though she was testing my temperature. She swept the hair from my face. I could feel her gaze upon me.
“The effects should diminish in a few minutes,” she said in a high pitched tone. “You were really lucky, Rayla. You should know better than to ever be alone. Didn’t Grace teach you anything?”
It would have been nice if she had. Who was this woman? Was she the one Aunt Grace sent to look after me? Why hadn’t she contacted me before now?
Jett had called her ‘Sister.’ Was she really a nun or just pretending?
I tried my hand again. It didn’t work. I was completely useless.
I kept attempting to move. I tried my fingers, my toes, my mouth, and my eyes repeatedly hoping to speed up the process.
“You are probably curious about me and how I know these things,” the woman said with a slight smile in her voice. “I will explain what I can while we wait for the effects to wear off.
“In another life, I was an Elemental. I presume by your current predicament that you did not intend to go with that lord willingly. That is smart. I would not wish that life on anyone who had a choice.
“I was even Queen of the house of Uldran if you can believe that. I have spent many years trying to convince myself that it was all a dream. I joined the Sisterhood to escape the constant reminders. It seems as though no matter where I go, I will always be brought to this place: facing my past.”
Weren’t Elementals sold off when they came back? How had she gotten out of it?
“My name is Mary Margaret. I will help you to the full extent in my power, but you will have to be more careful. He looked as though he was moments from taking you. I do not understand why he was alone. The accords must be in worse shape than any of us realized.”
I tried my fingers again. There was a twitch, a small insignificant movement that no one other than me would notice. But I felt as though I had just taken first place in a marathon.
She touched my pulse again. “Just as I thought. It won’t be long now. You should be thinking about where you can rest that will be public enough to be safe. You will be weak for at least twenty-four hours. Do not stay in your room alone. Enlist friends to go wherever you do. You have to realize that for the next few years, your life will not be your own. It will not always be that way. Think of the day when you will no longer have to worry about them.”
She sighed heavily. “That was a false statement. You will never be rid of them. Even if you escape the bonding, you will have to worry about your daughters, and the granddaughters you will never see. That is why I have taken my vows. I could not bear to pass on this curse.”
I lifted my eyes gradually. The glare of the fluorescent lights made it impossible to keep them open long.
“You are a quick study. Don’t fight so hard now. Let go, and your mind will take over.”
That was more difficult than it sounded. My vision slowly focused on her angelic face. The many years she had spent on the planet were evident in the pattern of fine lines that looked more like the myriad gossamer webs of aged porcelain than actual wrinkles.
Her bright, white hair was pulled back into a loose bun. Her kind, brown eyes surveyed me without judgment. She gave me a small, measured smile. “Welcome to your new life. Your chances of success are minimal, but it can be done. Come. I will tell you all you need to know.”
I sat up too fast, and the room spun as though I had stumbled from the tea-cup ride at the county fair. To my surprise, she didn’t try to keep me steady. I flung my arm onto the chair for balance. I hated the effects the lords had on me. “Give me a minute.” I held still, waiting for my equilibrium to catch up.
“Take my arm,” she said softly.
Had she experienced this? Did she know the kind of pain stabbing at my skull? Did she know what it was like to shrink from the terror of ineptitude?
She exuded a regal quality I couldn’t quite define. Her hands were surprisingly supple and soft. Just touching her gave me more strength.
She waited patiently by my side while I changed. For once, I didn’t mind so much. When I was finished, she took me back to my dorm, but she led me to an office on the first floor instead of my room. Despite the chill in the air, the starkly appointed space was stuffy. I looked longingly at the window. A fresh breeze would have worked wonders in the stifling space.
She gestured for me to sit. At first, I thought she had read my mind as she walked toward the window. I sighed in anticipation, but all she did was gaze through the glass. Her carriage was that of royalty. Had it come from countless years governing in the fae court?
“I haven’t seen one of you here in a very long time.” She turned and looked at me. “Two in the same year is quite unusual. I try to keep track of every student that entrusts their safety to this institution, and you are no different. You look so like your mother. I tried to contact Grace, but I have not been able to reach her. I couldn’t be sure you were an Elemental until now. Things have not happened in the correct order.”
There was one question I wanted her to answer before all the others swirling in my mind. “Two?”
She smiled. “Didn’t you know? Jessica lives down the hall from you. I thought you were friends.”
Of course the one person in this place that had the ability to get me crazy mad was the only person who might know what I was going through. “She didn’t mention it.”
Her eyes filled with humor even though her lips were stern. “It’s not something you advertise, my dear girl.” She looked out the window again as though some unseen force was calling to her.
I cleared my throat, picking at the tubing on the cushion. “How are things supposed to happen?”
“It’s sad, really. Most Elementals that come here want to be taken. I’ve tried to talk several of them out of it, but…”
What Jett said had me thinking. “Am I different than other Elementals you have met?”
She looked at me, her gaze piercing. I didn’t mind the scrutiny if it would get me closer to understanding myself.
“It’s not much. In fact, you remind me of a girl I once met. My lifetime in Faeresia gave me a sixth sense, if you will. Even though I no longer possess power, I feel it in others. Yours is discernible sometimes, but not others. It is as though you have an inner shield. We could work on developing that gift if it is there. I have often thought that eventually natural evolution would catch up with what is needed within the Elemental community. Perhaps you have such a mutation.”
Great: another person telling me I was a mutant. “Sister.” My tone came out pitchy and frantic. “I have no idea what to do. How can I get rid of them?”
She turned away from me calmly. When she looked at me again, concern lined her eyes. She settled onto the chair at the desk. “As I tried to explain earlier, you will never be rid of them. If you are one of the lucky ones that can escape the bonding, you will most assuredly have to deal with the human monsters that collaborate with the fae.”
I jumped to my feet. “Are you saying there isn’t anything that can be done? I am stuck with this life no matter what I do?”
She was next to me momentarily. “Child, I would gladly tell you if I knew of such a thing.” She searched my face, her features ripe with compassion. “Life within the resistance is not something I would suggest to someone so young.”
I needed help, not pity. I stiffened my spine. “There has to be a way.”
She touched my arm. “False hope does no good.”
I narrowed my eyes. “What do you suggest then? You said you would help me.”
She took my hands. Her skin was cool and smooth. I hoped I looked as good as she did when I reached her age. That was if I reached her age.
“You will need plenty of rest before we can test your abilities. I have summoned Jessica to escort you to your room.” She placed steady hands at her side. Her gaze was that of a knowing mother. “We despise in others what we least like in ourselves.”
I crinkled my face in disgust.
The Sister smiled reassuringly. “She is well versed in the troubles that plague you, and she is part of the resistance.”
“What is that exactly?”
She clucked her tongue. “Oh, dear, you really don’t know much, do you?” Pity shone from her eyes. “The resistance has been trying to fight the Order for centuries now. They have made some progress, but I am afraid most Elementals freshly returned to our realm are still taken by them, not to mention those who find their way to the Order without having gone to the fae realm. A select few are lucky enough to escape to the underground before the Order can find them. I do not condone their practices, but I have no right to judge what the resistance does.”
Dizziness fogged my head. I swayed on my feet, so I sat down. “I would like to say I understand what you just said, but I could use a little more information. What exactly does the resistance do with the Elementals?”
“They are sterilized before they are placed back into society.”
I gasped. That didn’t seem like a very good solution to me. Tubal ligation wasn’t completely reliable, not to mention it was reversible. Aunt Grace had it done, and she still had gotten pregnant with Sarah. “How can they be sure that will work?”
She frowned. “When I say sterilized, what I mean is the reproductive organs are removed. It is an extreme choice, but some don’t have the heart for the convent. They don’t want to pass the genetics on, so they do what is in their power.”
“How does joining a convent keep the fae away?”
“They are not allowed to interfere with the endeavors of God, but the Order is what you should really be concerned about.”
“But…”
A knock sounded at the door. Jessica’s pointy chin preceded the rest of her face through the door. She smiled at the nun but didn’t even look at me. “I’ve checked the area. It should be safe to move her. I hope you’re right. I don’t want to lose all I have gained because she’s too stupid to hide from them.”
“Jessica!” the Sister reprimanded.
Jessica smiled. “It’s a sin to lie, Sister. I try my best not to break the commandments.”
Sister Mary Margaret shook her head in a clear scold. “Be that as it may, child. Rayla has not had the advantages of your upbringing. Until recently, she did not even know that she was an Elemental.”
Jessica’s cold gaze landed on me. She took her time in appraising me before she shrugged. “I will attempt to be nice, but she has to do the same. I wasn’t the one that started this war.”
I had no idea that we were at real odds. I thought we just had a mutual dislike of each other. I also had no clue what she meant. To my knowledge I had never done anything to her other than be a bit nasty, but I was curious now.
The Sister opened a drawer and held a small box out for me. “Take this. Put it on and don’t take it off no matter what you do. It won’t shield you completely. Nothing that we know of can do that, but it will diminish your signal. The only way you will be detected is if they are in close proximity.”
I opened the lid, excitement ramping me up. Inside rested a stunning ruby ring. The marquee was inset into the most delicate gold setting, yet the stone was large. Intricate floral filigree wove up the band and around the stone. I held it out toward her. “I couldn’t take this. It has to be worth a fortune.”
She frowned thoughtfully. “I suppose you could sell it, but the power that ring holds cannot be purchased. If I were you, I would keep it close at all times.”
I reverently slid the ring onto my finger and waited. I didn’t feel any different. “Are you sure this one works?”
Jessica yanked my hand. “There’s only one way to find out. I’m going to be late for class if you don’t get moving.”
Sister Mary Margaret dismissed us and told me to come see her in a few days. I had no idea if I had that much time. Jett would not give up, and I was sure he wasn’t going to wait long before he came for me, with or without other people around.
Jessica and I walked in silence to my room. How could she be an Elemental? I didn’t see anything special about her. In fact she seemed rather plain, although, I had to admit. She did have good bones. Her hair was what made her look less than ordinary. It didn’t have a style. It just lay there limp as if dirty brown spaghetti was plastered to her scalp.
She scowled at me. “I don’t like this any more than you do.”
Yeah, I was the one that started this. “You can leave if you want to.”
She sighed. “I hoped Cassie was the Elemental. I was so excited to have someone to talk to…” She hesitated a little too long.
I laughed. I knew exactly where she was going with this. “Until you found out it was me.”
She smiled. It brightened her features and made her momentarily pretty. I hadn’t seen her smile very much. Was that part of the disguise?
“So what did I do to piss you off so badly?” I asked.
She seemed shocked by my question. As though I should have known how I had ruined her universe. “You took my job.”
I grunted. “How was I supposed to know you applied for the position?” Cassie had told me that Jessica came from wealth. “Why would you want to work anyway?”
“It’s why I’m here. I was trying to infiltrate the Order. I haven’t been able to get anywhere near the recruiters, and it sucks.”
“I’d gladly give it to you. In fact, take my shift tomorrow night.”
As if she read my mind, she asked, “What do you know about the Wayne brothers? Cassie told me that you went to the mansion. Do you think you could get me in there?”
Alex was difficult to gauge. She hardly seemed like Roger’s type. Besides, he seemed really into Cassie. Jessica was tall and lanky with not much in the way of curves. Her hair was absurdly dull as though she washed it daily in mud. In this light the shadows under her eyes looked fake. The color of her eyes seemed off at this distance, too. Did she wear tinted contacts? I had never spent so much time studying a girl before. She looked artificial and not in a good way. “You might stand a better chance if you worked on your appearance.”
She laughed as though what I had just said was the most absurd thing she had ever heard. “It takes me hours to get ready as it is.”
I knew it. “It is a disguise.” I walked over to her. “What do you really look like?” I yanked on her hair, but it didn’t come off like I expected.
“Ow. You twit. What are you doing?”
I backed up a few paces. “I thought it was a wig. How do you get it to be so ugly?”
She glowered at me. “What if this was my real hair?”
I raised a lock from her shoulder. “No one has hair this bad.”
“I may have overdone it a little this time. Notre Dame is a hot spot, and I didn’t want to take any unnecessary risks.”
I sat on the couch and pulled a pillow onto my lap, crossing my legs. “Jessica, how do I get rid of lords?”
She sighed and plopped next to me. “That’s the golden question Elementals have been asking for centuries, but to my knowledge, no one has found the answer. I am sorry for you. I wish there was something we could do to hide you. We are pretty much useless to you until you are beyond the age of power.”
“What about the sanctuaries?”
She shook her head. “You came from the only one we have. Grace asked me to look out for you. I’ve been trying, but you haven’t exactly made it easy.”
So much for plan A. Grace knew Jessica? So who was Sister Mary Margaret?
I was sick of asking for explanations, but I needed all that I could get. At some point I wasn’t going to be clueless. I longed for that day to come. I had to remind myself that she grew up learning about this. “How does the age of power work exactly?” I ignored the ‘you poor thing’ look she gave me and waited for enlightenment.
“It is the only time your powers can be harnessed. When a fae bonds with one of us, they get to share our control over the elements. Once bonded, the fae has heightened power. That’s why they search for us, and it’s why a lot of us run from them. I don’t know about you, but I don’t want to cause a tornado or some other disaster that kills people.”
I hadn’t thought about that. I had only been worried about what would happen to my family if I was taken. Was Jessica’s element air? “So you’re saying that no Elemental in history has ever really escaped this fate?”
Her gaze lingered on the floor, distant and vacant. “There is one way out.”
Hallelujah. Just the thing I was looking for. I waited, if impatiently, for her to continue.
Her words were a harsh whisper. “You have to let them into your soul for the bonding to take place.” She leveled her gaze to mine. “If you don’t, you die.”





I leapt to my feet. “What!” What kind of sick option was death?
“Stop glowering at me,” Jessica said. “I didn’t make the rules. Great life we have, huh?”
My anger slowly melted into regretful acceptance. I hoped that this knowledge would be a power I could use. “I’m not going to wait here like a helpless fool to be taken at their leisure. Tell me more about Elemental power.”
She looked at me warily and stood up. Instead of answering, she headed for the door. “I have to get to class.”
“Skip it. I refuse to accept that there is nothing to be done. We can figure out a better way.”
She widened her eyes. “What makes you think you’re smarter than the rest of us?”
“I don’t; I’m desperate.”
She laughed. It was a pleasant sound. “All right, but if you don’t come up with something good by my next class, I’m out of here.”
I nodded. I checked my phone: no missed calls or messages. I had expected Zach to at least call me this morning. Had I finally scared him off?
“We really don’t know much about how the power works. It’s dormant until the bond is complete. We interrogate every Elemental that comes with us, but specific memories of their fae life fade quickly. There is said to be a secret entrance into Faeresia, but if it does exist, we haven’t found it. I would love to get in there to see what I could learn. We do what we can, but it isn’t much.”
I didn’t know a whole lot about Jessica, but there was one thing that I needed to clear up. “Aren’t you still within the age of power?
She scratched at her scalp. “I hate using this stuff. I will be so glad when I can go home. I’ll be twenty-four in three days. That’s why I was chosen. My mom was reluctant to send me, but I’ve been able to avoid detection better than anyone else. I’ve been working on a theory, but it’s a hard one to prove. I think paranormal investigative tools might be able to detect fae presence. But to really test it out, we have to put someone in danger. The fae stay away from Elementals once they are returned to the human realm. Hence the other reason I am here.”
She was much smarter and way more interesting than I thought. “So that was why you were flirting so hard with Adam.”
“It’s why I suggested IPS come here.” She waggled her brows. “He’s cute, don’t you think?”
I nodded, but I hadn’t even considered it. I rummaged through my purse. I showed her the recorder. “He gave me this. I’m supposed to turn it on tonight.”
She frowned thoughtfully. “Do you really think that’s a good idea?”
Why wouldn’t it be? “He was upset about not being able to investigate in here, so he improvised. I didn’t think it would hurt anything to help him?”
She shrugged. “It depends. If you caught something otherworldly on tape, things could get complicated. Can you imagine what would happen if everyone found out that we are ruled by the fae? A certain amount of conspiracy theory never hurt anyone, but that kind of information would disrupt life in a way that wouldn’t do anyone good. It isn’t like we can kick them off the planet.”
That was a fantastic idea. I was going to have to let it steep for a while. “Wouldn’t Adam just think that I recorded a ghost?”
Her dubious glance didn’t give me much hope. “It’s possible, but what if he didn’t?”
I bit my lip. “Even if he put it on the internet, most people would think it was a fake.”
“I guess. There most likely isn’t anything to worry about anyway.” She smiled mischievously. “I know where he lives.”
She was a little scary. “So you don’t know anything about Elemental powers?”
“I didn’t say that. We have the ability to manipulate the elements. It is the same sort of power the fae have, but we haven’t found a way to access the power without bonding. Brain scans in Elementals are very different than humans even though we have the same genetic make-up. We haven’t been able to pinpoint the cause of the differences. Our problem is that we haven’t had access to an Elemental while her power is active. We’ve performed experiments, but they haven’t resulted in useful data.” She started fiddling with her sleeve, looking away.
“What are you not telling me?”
She looked sad. “We stopped experimenting a few years ago. Our resources are limited, and it takes a lot to care for the damaged.”
I shook my head. Elementals were being used by everyone. It was time we did something about that.
“Where’s your boyfriend?” she asked as though she was trying to change the subject.
“I haven’t heard from him today, why?”
She pulled the curtains back and looked out the window. “I really should go, and I have strict orders not to leave you alone.”
I took the not-so-subtle hint and called Cassie. She didn’t answer so I tried Zach. He agreed to come immediately. I was glad because I didn’t want to be left here with just anyone.
Jessica spent the next twenty minutes in the bathroom. She looked worse when she came out than when she went in. She had clearly put on make-up, but it was in all the wrong places. She had gone overboard with the charcoal, as though instead of heading to class, she was about to audition for the role of Sallow Livedead: Queen of the Zombies. I wished I could see her real face.
Zach avoided my gaze when he came through the door. He looked terrible as though he was really worried about something.
I gave him a belligerent look. “It’s nice to see you too.”
He had me in his arms in less than a heartbeat. Once there, I wanted to cry. He was giving me silent permission to lose it, but I was over that. I had to do something about my situation before Jett or one of the others came looking for me. I glanced up at him. “I think I need to leave school.”
He pulled away from me, his gaze guarded. “Where would you go?”
“I thought you might have some ideas.” Without other sanctuaries, I was fresh out of ideas. “I can’t stay here.”
He raised a brow. “What happened?”
Why did I feel guilty about this morning? “I was nearly taken.”
His voice was whisper thin. “I see.” He turned away from me. “How did you get out of it?”
“A sister walked in on us. I was stupid. I’m not going to make excuses for myself. I’m so terrified, Zach. How can I fight this?”
He glared at me, shaking his head. “What makes you think I have the answers?”
When I touched his arm, he looked away. “Are you angry with me?”
He sighed, his shoulders tighten and he stepped away from me. “I have a solution, but you won’t like it.”
“If it gets me away from Jett, I will do anything.”
He glanced at me slowly. His eyes were intense, full of an indefinable emotion. “I never wanted this. Why did you have to be so…” He lowered his gaze.
I closed the distance between us. “What?”
He looked around the room warily, his gaze darting to every corner. “This is not the place to talk. Were you serious about leaving?”
“I’m not going to wait for one of them to take me. I just hope I’m not as easy to find now.”
He opened his mouth as if to speak, frowned and closed it again. “Why wouldn’t you be?”
I held out my hand. The fire in the ruby glinted as he pulled my fingers closer.
“That’s a nice ring; very pretty, in fact.” He gazed at me through fringed lashes. His eyes blazed with intensity. “But what could it possibly do to protect you?”
My skin was hot under his touch. “It’s supposed to dampen my signal. Whatever that means.”
He dropped my fingers as though shocked. “Look. I need to do something. Don’t go anywhere without me. I need to check on a few things before we can make any sort of plan.”
Cassie came barreling into our room just as he walked out.
Her eyes followed Zach out of the room. She nodded toward him. “What’s wrong with him?” She took one look at me and asked, “What happened?”
“I’m fine. I just—”
She gave me a knowing look. “There’s no point in lying. Why don’t you want to tell me?”
Tears welled in my eyes. I batted them away angrily. “Is my life ever going to be normal?”
Her face stilled. “No.” She sat beside me. “It can’t ever be again. You know about them, Rayla. More importantly, they know about you.”
I sniffled. “I should have gone to Snow. I should have listened to Aunt Grace. I should have—”
She stopped me with a hand on my shoulder. “The past is gone. I honestly don’t know if we can stop what’s in motion now, but we can try. Don’t give up.”
Simple words: where was the substance to back them? I was tired of worrying about the little things. I was tired period. “I’m not.”
“Rayla.”
I lowered my gaze from her intense stare. “I’ve had a really bad day. I just need some rest, okay?” I didn’t want to talk about my encounters with the lords yet. I needed some time to get my new reality clear in my head.
She smiled kindly. “I’m going to go to Mass with Natalie. I’ll be back before dinner.”
I shuffled toward the comfort of my bed. “Sounds good.”
I wasn’t supposed to be alone, but I didn’t know what else to do.



I woke to loud banging and staggered to the door.
Natalie was in hysterics. “Get your shoes on!”
“What’s going on?”
“Cassie’s been hurt. The ambulance is taking her to the hospital now.”
“Ambulance?”
She shoved shoes that weren’t mine at me. “Hurry, Rayla.”



I drove. Natalie sat rigid in the seat beside me.
“How bad is she?” I asked warily.
My mind raced at the possibilities. The sun blazed above us as though in direct opposition to my unsettled mood. What had I been thinking coming here? Why had I thought I could live a normal life?
Natalie shifted uncomfortably. She reached out and turned on the heater. “I’m not sure. She was unresponsive when the EMTs started working on her.”
She seemed really calm for someone who witnessed what sounded like a horrible accident. I tried to reel my anger in because this wasn’t her fault. “What the heck happened?”
She grimaced, staring at the floorboard. “We were on our way back to the dorm. Cassie invited me to get something to eat with you guys.”
“I stopped to wait for her at the top of the stairs. Her foot was almost on the last step when she gasped and yelled something weird.” She looked over at me. Her eyes were bright with unshed tears. “Then she was falling backward. I raced toward her, but I was too late to stop her. She hit her head really hard on the landing. I got them to her as fast as I could.” She started sobbing, gasping for air. “I’m so sorry. I don’t know what happened. It was like someone pushed her, but nothing was there.”
Ainessa. It had to be. When I found that woman, she was going to wish she could die.
Who was I kidding? What could I do to a fae princess?
We ran up to Cassie’s room. I tried to console Natalie, but I didn’t do a very good job. She took one look at Cassie through the doorway and ran down the hall in tears.
Cassie lay limp in the stark bed. A strange chemical smell permeated my senses. They could have used some air freshener. I never understood why hospitals didn’t paint walls in rainbow hues. I was a firm believer that half of healing was attitude, and who could have a good attitude surrounded by gray?
I was hesitant to touch her. Her pale features were as still as porcelain and seemed just as fragile. This was my fault. If I hadn’t insisted on coming here, none of this would have happened.
When I took her hand, her fingers were warm. I gulped down a relieved sob. “Cassie?”
She didn’t respond. At least the beat of the monitor was steady. I moved to the corner and lowered to the frigid fake leather chair. Had anyone called her mom?
Amy Lambert would insist on taking Cassie home. That was, if she ever woke up. I couldn’t believe how foolish I had been. I had thought I could come here and life would be mine to control. Did anyone ever master life? Was it even possible?
I watched Cassie intently for what seemed like hours. Zach came rushing into the room. I let him engulf me in his arms then sobbed out my sorrow.
He patted my hair gently. “I hurt for you, love. What can I do?”
I appreciated his concern, but nothing was going to make me feel any better about the situation. I spoke into his shirt. My words came out muffled, “I could use a time machine.” I shifted my head to the side, grasping his upper arm for support. “She is here because of me. I did this to her.”
He held me away from him. His face was scrunched in a puzzled expression. “That’s preposterous. How could you have made her fall when you were in your bedroom?”
I shrugged. “She didn’t want to come here. I insisted. I brought the fae with me.”
He hesitated. “I saw Natalie in the hall. You cannot possibly think this is your doing.”
I shut my eyes. “I should have stayed home in Utah.”
He shook my shoulders slightly until I looked up at him. “Rayla, it will do you no good to take the blame for an accident. She fell.”
I spoke the words as clearly as I could, “She was pushed.” Cassie’s monitor made a couple of strange noises. The green squiggles jumped up and down wildly. Why was her heart beating so quickly?
“Natalie told me—”
I turned back to Zach and glanced at the door. If the nurse didn’t come soon I was going to go get her. “I know what she thinks happened, but Natalie doesn’t know that Cassie had a pissed off fae princess stalking her. She has been lurking around our dorm. I hardly think the little troll would hurt Cassie.”
Zach grinned. “You’d better not let anyone else hear you talking like that. They’ll have you locked up in no time.”
I glared at him. “Stop trying to make me feel better.”
“Oh, so I should be helping you to wallow in your misery, now. Should I?” He pulled me over to the chair and sat down. “You can hardly expect me to do such a thing.” He gently lifted me onto his lap, wrapping his arms around my waist. “What sort of boyfriend would that make me?”
I smiled. He said boyfriend. Snuggling against him, I watched Cassie. The bleeps on the monitor were steady now. My heart calmed eventually. I was so thankful that Zach was with me. The nurse came in a while later and told us to leave. Sam had already come to pick up Natalie. I was glad I didn’t have to worry about an uncomfortable ride home with her.
Zach followed me back to campus. Having him behind me was reassuring. I tried to protest because it was getting late, but he insisted on coming to my room with me.
I paced while he sat on the sofa. I looked out the window for the hundredth time.
“Come sit down, love.” He patted the cushion beside him. “You are giving me a headache.”
I kept my back rigid. “My best friend is lying in that hospital bed with no one to protect her. It’s driving me crazy.”
His tone was soft, almost defeated. “I don’t think she will be bothered again. The damage has already been done.”
I whirled around. “Yeah, because of me! I have to do something to make this right!”
“Like what?” Zach shook his head. “Come to the couch, love. Where is your book? Why don’t we read some more?”
I had completely forgotten about it. I was supposed to return it to Alex on Friday. I opened my purse. When I didn’t see it, I dumped the contents out. I didn’t care that a bunch of tampons scattered across the room. Where was it? I ransacked the desk and looked under the bed. “It can’t be gone.”
He came over by me and held my shoulders, smiling. “Don’t worry. It has to be here somewhere.” He searched the closet while I pulled out the mini fridge.
I climbed up to Cassie’s bed, ripping off her covers. Zach stood by me and placed a hand on my forearm.
“It could have fallen out in the car,” I said. I couldn’t lose it. I needed it now more than ever.
He picked my keys up. “You wait here. I’ll go look.”
I made Cassie’s bed. She would be angry if our room was a mess. She liked things orderly. Moving onto the floor, I cleaned up as I crawled around. I looked under everything in the room. I even searched the bathtub.
Zach came back a few minutes later. He didn’t have to tell me anything. His look spoke volumes.
How was I going to explain this to Alex? He’d never believe me. Tears stung my eyes. What else was going to go wrong? Zach held me for a long time before he quit singing and lifted me into his arms. I started to protest, but my voice was as weak as my body when he set me on my bed.
“Hush now, love. It is time for me to go. I will be here when you wake in the morning.”
The door thudded softly. I lay there for a few minutes, trying to sleep. Then I remembered I had promised to help Adam. Silly as it was, I was still trying to cling to a little piece of normal. I laughed at the irony as I turned the recorder on.
When I opened my eyes next, the sun wove a pattern of dancing light across the carpet. I had been asleep for a long time. My teeth were practically glued together. My stomach grumbled loudly.
I stood up and stretched, then noticed a jar of candy on the desk. Just what I needed. I plopped one into my mouth, savoring the flavor. I had never tasted anything like it. Hints of strawberry, orange, and chocolate melded in a sweet symphony. I was going to have to ask Cassie where she picked them up.
Cassie. The events of last night crashed into my consciousness. How had I forgotten so quickly?
I pulled on my jeans, buttoning the fly, yanking my favorite sweatshirt over my head. So much for classes today. I had to get back to the hospital. I hoped my professors would work with me.
I rushed down the stairs and into the spacious lobby. True to his word, Zach was waiting for me. He gave me a half smile and held his hand out to me. I took it solemnly. We walked in silence to his bike. I climbed behind him, loving the reassurance of feeling him in front of me. He was already a part of who I was. We were at the nurse’s station in the ICU before I knew it.
“Can you tell me how Cassie Lambert is doing this morning?” I asked.
A large woman turned around and smiled kindly. She wore an old fashioned uniform, complete with white sneakers and bonnet. Her salt and pepper hair was pinned into a French twist. She spoke in a southern drawl. “Sure, honey. One moment please.” Green eyes beamed up at me. “Good news. Miss Lambert has been moved to the second floor. She woke up last night. Her mother is here now.”
She gave us Cassie’s new room number, and we raced down the stairs. I could hear Cassie’s voice from the hall. She sounded upset.
“Mom, I’m fine. I really want to stay.”
I knocked lightly on the door, not wanting to eavesdrop. “Cassie?”
Mrs. Lambert came to the door. She greeted me with a curt smile. Was she angry with me? I wouldn’t blame her if she was. She had every right to be.
“Rayla, would you please talk some sense into my daughter? She won’t listen to me.”
I walked over to my best friend. Her skin was paler than usual. She had a wicked looking bruise by her right eye. She smiled then winced, shifting her body uncomfortably.
“I would rather you tell Mom that everything is fine. I’ve been doing great here. Right, Rayla?”
I looked back and forth between the two of them before I turned to Mrs. Lambert. “Cassie’s been my rock. I don’t know what I would have done without her.”
“Did you see her fall?” Mrs. Lambert asked. “I’ve spoken with Natalie and what she described sounded quite strange to me.”
I fully understood her question. Was her daughter delusional again? I had made a promise to Cassie, and I intended to keep it. “Natalie lives in a different dorm. I’ve just about tripped over that step myself. You know, I think it’s slightly higher than the rest of them. Not uncommon with old buildings, right?”
“Yeah,” Zach said. “I’ve noticed that as well.”
Mrs. Lambert ignored us both. “I still want you to come home, Cassandra. Perhaps you can return for spring semester? I would feel more comfortable having our own physicians examine you.”
“But Mom—”
“The decision has been made. Say your goodbyes. I need to take care of the paperwork.” Mrs. Lambert walked out of the room without giving us time to argue with her.
Tears were already streaming down my cheeks when I went to Cassie’s side. “You can’t leave,” I said for her benefit. Her fallen features broke my heart. I couldn’t burden her with the fact that I wouldn’t be here when she came back. She was in no condition to go on the run with me and Zach. She was way better off at home anyway. I would let her know I wasn’t at school later, when I found a safe place to be. I didn’t want to get her involved in my mess any more than I already had.
“I don’t have a choice. It won’t always be this way. When I graduate, she’ll be lucky to see me every ten years.”
I took her hand. “You don’t mean that.”
Anger contorted her face. “She thinks I’m crazy, Rayla. I might just disappear when I get my inheritance. That way she can’t ever force me to do anything again.”
Zach stood next to me. “She loves you, Cassie. Her heart hurts for you.”
She looked at him quizzically. “Are you a mind reader all of the sudden?”
His mouth twisted in a peculiar frown. He leaned over and touched Cassie’s arm. “It’s in the way she looks at you.”
She turned away. “If you say so.”
I had to ask her before I forgot. “Do you know what happened to my book?”
She harrumphed. “If it’s missing, it was probably the same thing that has been stealing from me.”
The troll. Oh, heaven help me if he had it.
Mrs. Lambert came back into the room. “We’re all set. I have a taxi waiting downstairs to take us to the airport. Rayla dear, would you be a doll and send Cassie’s personal things to us? You can keep the rest here for when she comes back.” She held out a wad of hundreds.
At least she was acting as though Cassie had a choice. I wasn’t so sure. “It won’t be that much.”
She touched my cheek. “Keep the rest. I want you to have it.” She pulled me into a hug. “Would you consider coming with us?”
I had already rejected that idea. I couldn’t put my family at risk by being selfish. “I need to stay here.”
“Of course you do.” She smiled, running a comforting hand down the line of my hair. “If you change your mind, let me know. I’ll have you on the next plane out of here. I worry for you.”
I frowned. “Why?”
She looked taken aback, stammering momentarily. “I can’t explain it, but there’s a feeling around you. I don’t like it.”
Zach came nearer. “Don’t worry.” He placed a hand at her elbow. “I have it under control.”
She looked at him as though she had just seen him. She blushed, suddenly seeming uncomfortable. “Yes, well…Rayla is welcome in my home at any time.”
Cassie cleared her throat, turning to me. “I’d appreciate it if you would keep searching for those things I lost. I really need them.”
“I will,” I said. How was I supposed to deal with a klepto-troll if I couldn’t even see him?
I was totally surprised Cassie wasn’t insisting I come home with her. That wasn’t like her at all.
I told Zach to meet me out front. I wanted to say goodbye to Cassie alone.
“I already miss you,” I said, giving her a huge hug.
“Ow. Watch the bruises.”
Wincing, I pulled back a bit. “Sorry.”
“Don’t worry, Rayla. I’ll give Grace your love. Who knows, maybe she can bring me when I come back in a few days.”
I smiled brightly at her, understanding her words completely. She was going to try to rescue me. That was why she hadn’t thrown an absolute fit to stay here. She had given her mother a token argument so that she could come back without a fuss when she proved that she was sane.
I had the absolute best friend in the entire world. Too bad a rescue was out of the question. I turned to Mrs. Lambert. I thought she was going to leave us alone, but it didn’t look like it. “Thank you for everything. I hope to be able to come home for a visit at fall break.”
She smiled warmly. “Let me know the dates; I’ll arrange things.” She pulled me into her slight frame, kissing my cheek as though I were her other daughter.
I took one last look at Cassie wondering when or if I would ever see her again. “Bye,” I said before walking out of the room.
I was wiping the tears from my cheeks when I spotted a familiar Celtic face coming toward me. I was preparing to do battle when I noticed the sadness in his tawny eyes.





“How is she?” Finn asked softly.
“She’s going home with her mother.” I couldn’t stay mad at him long. He hadn’t come at me with the ‘you are for me’ speech the others had. In fact, now that I thought about it, he hadn’t pursued me like the others at all.
He held out a beautiful bouquet of red roses. The sultry scent filled the hallway, covering up the sterile odor. “Would you give these to her? Tell her I wish her a speedy recovery.” He hesitated. “Tell her I will make this right.”
I shot him a wary look. “How do you plan to do that?”
He folded his massive arms across his chest. “We are not allowed to harm humans. I will bring the one that did this to swift justice.”
I eyed him curiously. “Here’s a question for you. How exactly do you punish an immortal?”
He gave me a lopsided smile. “Perhaps there is more to you than I first thought. I cannot divulge that information, Rayla. It is forbidden.”
I tensed when he said my name, but it sounded normal coming from him. I didn’t feel a bit uncomfortable around him, either. He was still completely gorgeous, but I wasn’t fighting any unwanted urges. Could the lords turn off their sex appeal at any time?
He edged a little closer, holding the roses higher. “Please, give these to her.”
I looked him over. He almost seemed self conscious. I smiled at him, dumbfounded by what I was about to say. “Why don’t you do it yourself? I have a feeling she would like that.”
His countenance brightened. He was as devastatingly beautiful as the rest of them. “Do you think so? Has she said anything about me?”
“I—”
He frowned suddenly. “Never mind. I don’t want to know. It will only make this harder.”
I took hold of his arm before he could spin away. “Finn.”
He looked at my hand then clamped his eyes shut, inhaling sharply as though he was shaking off an unwanted thought. “I cannot do it.” He shoved the roses at me and stalked away.
I fumbled, trying not to drop them. A thorn stuck into my finger. I licked my wound watching him move briskly down the hallway, his long auburn braid swaying. Even at this angle, I could tell he was really upset.
How interesting: a fae lord that actually didn’t want me. The heavens were smiling on me.
I knocked on Cassie’s door. Her sallow features brightened when she saw the roses.
She sat up straighter. “You didn’t have to do that.”
I handed them to her. “I didn’t.”
She gave me a confused look. “Huh?” She brought the bundle to her nose, inhaling deeply.
I smiled, knowing how she would react to my revelation before I uttered the words. “They’re from Finn.”
Her head snapped up sharply, her eyes intent on mine. I could see the questions whirring through her mind.
Mrs. Lambert was suddenly at attention. “You never told me you had an admirer already, Cassie. Who is he? What’s he like? Does he come from a good family?”
I scowled at her last question. From her vantage point, I didn’t come from a good family. Did that make me less?
Cassie cuffed Mrs. Lambert’s arm. “Get over it already. I’ve only seen him once, Mom.” Cassie turned toward me with a wide grin. “Rayla, when you see Finn again, tell him thank you for me.”
I nodded. “Call me when you get home.”
Her mom started with more questions. Cassie grunted, yet from the look on her face, she secretly loved the attention.
Zach paced anxiously by his bike when I came through the door. “It took you long enough.”
He had a right to be worried. “Cassie had an unexpected visitor.”
He handed me the helmet. “Who was it?”
I wasn’t sure if I should tell him or not, but I needed him now more than ever. “Finn.”
His eyes flew wide. “Bloody hell.” He clenched his fists then pinched the bridge of his nose, breathing heavily. “I can’t even leave you for a…wait a minute. You said Cassie had a visitor.”
“Yep.” My cheeks hurt from the smile plastered to my face. “Isn’t it great?”
He shook his head. He was silent the entire ride back to the dorm.
Zach came up to my room. I hated thinking of it as that. I wanted Cassie back here as soon as possible.
He sat on the couch while I fiddled with the recorder that Adam had given me. I replayed a little of the static before I shut it off. I couldn’t imagine listening to the thing for hours, hoping to catch a voice that shouldn’t be heard.
“So let me get this straight. Finn, the lord of fire, brought roses to Cassie?” Zach asked. His expression was more than a little skeptical.
Finn’s statement to Cassie in the gift shop made total sense now. “I know it’s hard to believe, but he didn’t want anything to do with me.”
He shot me a wary look. “I wouldn’t trust him if I were you.”
How dumb did he think I was? “Like I was planning to. It was just nice to have one of them interested in someone else for a change.”
He smirked. “That can’t last long. They are here to claim you. One of them is bound to figure out a way to do it if we give him enough time.”
I sat next to him, taking his hand in mine. “You still haven’t told me how you know all of this.”
He glared. “Stop asking. It will be easier for both of us that way.”
I was just going to come out with it. I had to know. “Are you an Elemental, too?”
His eyes widened as though I had just asked him if he could fly. He barked out a laugh. His words were hard to understand between his exaggerated guffaws. “There are no male Elementals, Rayla.”
I frowned at him. “It was a logical question, so stop laughing at me.”
His lips quivered. He held a serious expression for a second. “Nope, can’t do it.” The thunderous amusement started again.
I had never seen him laugh this hard. It was a belly laugh, the kind that makes your insides tight with pain.
I giggled a little. “What’s so funny?”
He held up a finger, breathing in deeply through his nose. He looked away, clearly trying to compose himself. He finally spoke after a few minutes. “Plenty have tried to create a male Elemental, especially men that come from long lines of exclusively male children. It never works. Elementals only bear girls. I cannot tell you the why of it, but it has never happened. It likely never will.”
The thought brought more questions. “Women are the only ones with this power?” How did fae women feel about that? I couldn’t imagine any female thinking it was okay for men to hold more power than they did. Were lords the only fae that could bond with an elemental? I wanted to know now more than ever what exactly bonding was.
Zach donned a serious expression. “It is said to be a curse of sorts brought on by the first of your kind.”
I stood up and started pacing. I was so confused. It certainly felt like a curse to me. “What do you mean—brought on?”
He frowned. “Faine was the first human to ever have direct contact with the fae. They had been forbidden to have any physical interaction with the children of men. That was until a nineteen-year-old girl stumbled into the fae realm.”
I gasped. “How did she do that?”
“She was a seer. Fae glamour didn’t work on her. She followed a lord into the borderlands that house a few of the lesser fae.
“For some reason, the normal wards did not repel her. When the lord discovered her, he took her to the fae counsel. They petitioned for a meeting with the creator. He sent a messenger in his stead. You might have heard of him.” He smiled but didn’t go any further.
I was too impatient to wait for him to finish his guessing game. “Who was it?”
“Gabriel.”
I smirked. “The archangel?”
Zach leaned up against the door. “I know it’s a lot to handle, but you’re the one that asked. I can stop if you don’t believe me.”
I gave him a sheepish expression. “I’m sorry. Go on.”
He nodded. “Gabriel told the woman that she was never intended to see the fae. He instructed her to go back to the human realm. She protested, saying that there had to be an explanation for her vision. She reasoned that God must have had a higher purpose for her.”
I grunted. I couldn’t believe that a girl my age had started this hell all because of curiosity. When I got to heaven, I was going to have more than words with the stupid chick that did this to me. She should have left with the angel. She should never have gone where she shouldn’t have been. “She should have said thank you very much and got the heck out of there.”
He smiled gravely. “It would have saved heartache on both sides.”
I had never considered how a fae would feel about this whole situation. Did they even like Elementals? Could they love? Did they regret having to return an Elemental to the human realm when the bond fizzled out? Did they have the same emotions as humans? Had I judged them unfairly? “Grace mentioned the lords want me for my power.” I was suddenly feeling munchy, so I grabbed a handful of candy. I plopped a couple into my mouth. “Do you know how that works?”
Zach cleared his throat. I offered him a few.
His eyes widened. He spoke in a rush. “Where did you get these?”
“They’re Cassie’s.” It came out slurred. I swallowed a mouthful of sugary saliva preparing to say it again in case he hadn’t understood me. The candy went flying out of my hand. “Hey!”
He moved so fast I hardly had time to react. He started fishing what was left out of my mouth. I bit down.
“Ow,” he yelped. He inspected his damaged digit and glared at me.
“Serves you right.” I held up a finger. It wasn’t the one I really wanted to give him. “Never, ever get in between a girl and her candy.”
His face was ashen as he held his hand under my chin. “Spit it out.” His chest was rising and falling rapidly.
I did as commanded, but I didn’t like it. That candy was blissful. “You’d better start explaining, or get the heck out of here.” I said after a few moments of silence.
He grabbed the candy bowl and disappeared into the restroom. The toilet flushed. I raced to the door.
“Why did you do that?”
His eyes were hooded. “It’s fae.”
Okay, that didn’t sound so good, but…oh, who was I trying to kid. I was screwed. “So?”
“There are severe consequences for eating fae delicacies. The council will never agree to let you stay in the human realm now.”
“What are you talking about?”
He grabbed my shoulders, staring directly into my eyes. “Rayla, you’ve been fae-nipped.”
I groaned. “I’d love to say I know what that means, but I am sort of new to this.”
He shook his head. “Let’s just hope you haven’t digested enough of the bloody stuff to change you.”
I put my hands on my hips. “I refuse to live my life worrying about everything I put in my mouth.”
His gaze fell to my lips. His expression sent a bolt of heat through my body. I looked away when he smiled wolfishly.
“Tell me that you haven’t had any more of them,” he said.
I shrugged. He brought his face inches from mine.
“How many?”
I tried to pull away, but it did no good. “Only one.”
His grip tightened. “How long ago?”
“I think it was this morning.”
“You think!”
That was the problem. I couldn’t at the moment. My stomach growled like a pack of coyotes fighting for fresh meat. “Let’s talk about this later. I’m hungry.”
He sighed. The look he gave me was anything but comforting. “Okay, love. I know a great place for burgers.”
My mouth watered at the thought. “Sounds fantastic.” I smiled at him and grabbed my jacket. “I don’t think I have ever been this hungry before.”
His expression was grim. “I sincerely doubt it.”
“Huh?”
“Never mind. Let’s go.”
By the time we got to the diner, I was famished. It was one of those old-time drive-ins with carhops and speakers that look like the grille of a sports car. I ordered two cheeseburgers, fries, and a shake. I wanted to rip into my food the moment the waitress brought it to us, but Zach insisted that we go back to the dorm.
I impatiently waited for him to hand me my first burger. He put the straw into the shake. I yanked it away from him. My sense of smell was heightened. The mixture of savory and sweet was heady. I didn’t remember much after the first bite. When I finally finished, I looked over at Zach.
He gave me a wary smile and handed me a napkin. “I would like to say that seeing you devour that much food in less than two minutes was hot, but no. I could do without ever witnessing that again.”
I ignored his disgusted expression. “Are you going to finish yours?” I asked, wiping ketchup from my chin.
He got out of the way. By the time I finished the second large fry, I was feeling a little better.
“What’s wrong with me?” I said around a gulp of chocolate shake then I turned my attention to the last of Zach’s burger.
He looked sad. “Mortal food will never satisfy you again.”
I stopped mid-bite. “Like in ever?”
He moved to the window. “I should have warned you about trolls last night when you mentioned you had one, but I thought I could get rid of him before he did any harm.”
And here I thought the thing sounded sort of cute. “What does this have to do with trolls?”
He rested his arm on the window frame, gazing out the glass. “They are horrible creatures. They will serve whoever has the most coin at the moment.”
I brightened at my current thought. “Cassie has never acted like this, and she has eaten fae food.”
“What!” He whirled around. “When was that?”
“A long time ago. A brownie took Cassie to her home—”
He waved a dismissive hand, pacing in front of me. “That’s different. Fae food eaten in the otherworld is harmless. When it is consumed in the human realm, it has disastrous consequences.”
My thoughts were swirling. Had the troll left that candy for Cassie or for me? “Why would a troll want me to eat fae food?”
“Forget about him.” His voice was clipped with barely controlled furor. “You need to worry about whoever hired him. Eventually, you will be so uncomfortable that you will beg one of the lords to take you.”
“Oh, fantastic. Could things get any worse for me?”
He held a wry expression when he faced me. “You think.”
“How am I supposed to avoid fae traps if I don’t even know they exist?”
A light rapping erupted at the door. Natalie waited on the other side. She looked worried. Even her freckles were two shades paler. She kept glancing down the hall as though she expected something sinister to round the corner.
“Hey, Rayla,” she said, sailing past me. She plopped onto my bed. “Do you mind if I crash here?”
I immediately loved the idea. I had been dreading spending the night in my room without Cassie again. “Sure. Is something wrong?”
“I’d just prefer that a certain guy not know where I am tonight.”
“Are you and Sam fighting?”
One corner of her mouth shot up in a lopsided smile, but it didn’t touch her eyes. “Something like that.”
I got the impression that she didn’t want to say anything until Zach was gone. As if on cue, he rose from the couch and kissed me lightly on the cheek.
He was to the door before I could say anything. Why was he in such a hurry to leave me?
“It’s nice to see you again, Natalie. I’ll be here later to take you to work, Rayla.” The pictures on the wall shook when the door thudded closed.
“I’m sorry if I ruined your time with him,” said Natalie softly.
I was fighting the urge to drop to the floor. I needed that candy. I was just glad that Zach hadn’t thought to flush the rest of them down the toilet. “What’s going on?” I asked distractedly.
Her look was tortured. “Have you ever thought you knew someone and realized later that you had no clue who you fell in love with?”
I spotted a piece of candy by the sofa. How was I going to get to it without Natalie seeing? “Kind of.”
“I trusted him.” She rolled quickly onto her side cupping her head in her hand. The bunk-bed squeaked in protest of her jerky movements. “I shouldn’t get you involved in this, but I have to tell somebody.”
Having her problems to mull over sounded quite refreshing at the moment. “I don’t mind.”
Her features constricted tightly. She played with the buttons on the underside of Cassie’s mattress. “I’m in big trouble, and I can’t get a hold of my normal resources. It’s like my calls are being blocked or something.”
I knew the feeling, but what did Natalie have to do with the fae? “Go on.”
“Here I thought I had finally found someone that was close to the inside, but not part of it. They’ve told him to kill me. Can you believe it?”
I was so confused. “Hang on. You’re talking about Sam, right?” She couldn’t be. I couldn’t imagine Sam offing anyone, let alone her.
“Yeah, the Judas. I thought he loved me. Man, have I been stupid!”
I walked over to the couch and sat on the floor in front of the succulent morsel that was begging me to eat it. “Why would someone order Sam to kill you?”
She smiled arrogantly, as though she was proud of having a price on her head. “Are you sure you want to know all of this. It’s complicated. ”
I shouldn’t have felt a small sort of satisfaction at knowing I wasn’t the only one with an absurd life. “Of course.” It wasn’t like I could be in more danger than I already was.
She smirked. “So, I’m undercover. I can’t believe I actually signed up for this crap. You’d think I would have had enough of college the first time around.”
I sat there, slack-jawed, hugging my knees. What was she saying? “If you aren’t a student, what are you?”
“A journalist. I’ve been freelancing for a few years, trying to break into the biz. I stumbled across this story a year ago. It’s a lot harder to create a fake identity than I thought it would be.”
I rubbed my temples. “Okay, I’m going to pretend you haven’t totally lost it for a few minutes. What is it that you have been working on?”
She sat up, brushing her curls out of her face. “Do you have all night?”
Not really. But I was interested. I had a few hours until I had to be to work. I wasn’t sure if I should go, but it was too late to call in sick now. Besides it was too public a place for the lords to get to me. I shrugged.
“My brother graduated from Notre Dame last year. Secret groups exist within the college that the administration doesn’t know about. One of them recruits wealthy men into the New World Order.”
A chill ran up my spine. I had always thought that conspiracy theory was ridiculous. I wasn’t so sure anymore. “I—”
She held up a hand. “I’d appreciate it if you’d let me get this all out before you pass judgment.”
She was expecting quite a bit. There had to be normalcy in the world somewhere. I had assumed so much. I wouldn’t anymore. “Go on.”
“This is an ancient society, Rayla. It has been known as many things throughout history: The Illuminate is probably the most recognizable. It doesn’t matter what they call themselves; it’s still the same organization. And it’s always exclusively male. The members are always wealthy beyond imagination and extremely powerful. They control what happens in the world more than any of us would like to admit.”
My fingers slid over the round, hard surface of the candy. How was I going to get it into my mouth without having to offer her one? What if she saw me pick it up? “So what does this have to do with Sam? I didn’t think he was that rich.”
Her emerald gaze was livid. “They look for men that come from affluent families. They seem to target second sons who are ambitious to a fault. You don’t know how many times I’ve heard Sam complain that his older brother has everything. Sam was recruited by the biggest fish in the area.”
A thought hit me. “Let me guess: Roger Wayne.”
“You are more observant than I thought you’d be. He is the worst of the worst of humanity. Anyway, before I met Sam, I was told that he had spent the summer in the Caribbean with Roger. I wanted to have a way into the Wayne estate, so I targeted Sam when my attempts at Roger failed. I wasn’t disappointed. I was in the next weekend. Every time we go there, I try to find something incriminating. But I haven’t been able to locate anything useful. I never expected that I would fall in love with him. It was just supposed to be a job. Nothing more.”
The candy was calling to me. I looked longingly at my closed fist. I shut my eyes tightly. How was I going to deal with my sudden obsession? “So has Sam tried to kill you, or did he just come out and tell you he was going to?”
She shook her head. “I went to see him earlier. He wasn’t expecting me. I was ready to knock on his door when I heard him shouting at someone. Even though there was no need, I put my ear to the wood. I could have heard him down the hallway with the way he was yelling. To be fair, he refused to do it until Roger threatened his mother.”
I gasped. I had pegged Roger as unsavory, but that was too light a term to describe how vile he really was. I was suddenly grateful that Cassie was on her way back home.
A loud banging started at the door. Before I could motion for her to do it, Natalie was under my bed.
“Rayla, are you in there?” Sam called out, panic in his voice.
I hurried into the bathroom and flushed the toilet. I shoved the piece of candy into my pocket for later. Before I cracked the door open, I turned on some music. I tried to look really tired, peaking through the door with heavy-lidded eyes. “Sam?”
He pushed right past me, heading for the bathroom. He threw the shower curtain open. His chest heaved rapidly as though he was hyperventilating. “Where is she?”
“Natalie?” His contemptuous look halted the rest of what I had planned to say. “What’s wrong?”
He paced the room like a caged animal. Pure fear dominated his expression. “I have to find her. It’s a matter of life or death.”
I scoffed until he glared at me. I leveled my gaze to his. “I saw her earlier, but she went somewhere.” I wasn’t lying. He didn’t have to know she was under the bed.
He threw open the door. “Remind Cassie that Roger is expecting her to come to his party this weekend.”
I cocked my head to the side and shot him a smart look. “That will be hard for her to manage from Utah.”
His face scrunched up as though I had just told him his favorite swimsuit model was retiring. “Why is she there?”
I casually played with the buttons on my hip pocket. “Her mom insisted that she go home to heal.”
He glanced down the hallway then back at me. The blood drained from his face. “What happened to her?”
“She had an accident. I think she’ll be fine, but she was unconscious for a while.”
“I’m sorry to hear that.” His gaze traveled downward to my bed as though he suspected what hid beneath the lace fringed fabric. “Tell Natalie that I love her and my mom. She knows where to find me. I was never planning to … just tell her I need her help to figure out what to do.”





I shut the door. Natalie’s muffled crying wafted up to me after I turned off the music. “He’s gone,” I said softly. “I made sure.”
She scooted out from under the bed, her eyes red and swollen. Her face was a cast in misery.
“Do you believe what he said?” I asked.
She lowered her gaze to the floor, shoving her hands in her pockets. “How can I?”
“I don’t blame you for not trusting him, but I think he really does love you.”
She plopped onto the couch. Her bright, teary gaze locked to mine. “You have no idea how much I wish that were enough.”
Why did life have to be so complicated? Love should be the great leveler; the thing that obliterates all other emotions into the insignificant rubble they are. “What are you going to do?”
She shook her head, her gaze traveling to the door. “I’ve got to leave. I should have gone immediately, but I don’t want to. Sam is the first man I have actually loved.”
I lowered to the cushion beside her, scooting away from the glaring sunlight shining through the window. “There has to be a way. I don’t think he wants to hurt you.”
Her expression turned sour. “He may not have a choice.”
I cocked my head. “That isn’t true. There is always a choice, even if we don’t like it. He could choose you over his mom.” My words felt hollow. If the Order was involved, these two really were in trouble. I still didn’t know much about it, but an organization that had existed for centuries wouldn’t let two people just disappear.
She brushed away the glistening stream racing down her cheek. “I could never ask that of him.”
An idea was forming. “Let me talk to Zach. Maybe he could help.”
She turned toward me, letting out a staggered breath. “How do you mean?”
I shrugged. “I’m not sure about much when it comes to Zach, but I think he has connections.”
“Unless he can get me off the planet, I don’t have a chance. Even if Sam doesn’t do it, Roger will find someone who will. He might even be sadistic enough to kill me himself. I just wish I knew how he found out.”
I handed her a tissue. “Have you spoken to anyone else about what you’re working on?”
She sighed, taking her time in answering me. “You are the first. My whole family thinks I’m in Chile working on an environmental piece. I don’t have any idea who could have known about this story. Like I said, I haven’t been able to contact anyone.”
I smiled to reassure her, but it didn’t seem to help. “We’ll get you out of here, Natalie.” I started to add ‘don’t worry’ to my statement, but I didn’t want to give her false hope, either. For once since I came here, I realized that someone might actually have it worse than I did. At least I didn’t have anyone trying to kill me.
“Do you mind if I stay until it gets dark?”
“I really wish you’d spend the night. I have to get ready for work. Promise you won’t leave until I have a chance to talk to Zach.”
She nodded and moved to my bed. She lay down without asking which bunk was mine. I didn’t care. She was asleep before I could get my things together for a shower.
I pulled the candy from my pocket. I brought it to my lips and then set it on my dresser. I gathered all of the others from the floor and placed them next to the first. The three-second-rule didn’t apply anymore. I should have found the idea of putting the candy into my mouth revolting, but five shiny globes called to me. Was this how a drug addict felt? I had no idea how long they would last. I hoped they would sustain me for a while, but I couldn’t let myself have one until the hunger was unbearable.
I groaned and put the candy into my drawer because I couldn’t risk Natalie eating some. I had to go to work in an hour. As tempting as it was to quit tonight, I didn’t know how much longer I would be here. Mrs. Lambert’s wad of cash wouldn’t last me all that long, especially if I ended up running. My car wasn’t the most economical.
How was I going to tell Alex that I had lost his brother’s book? I wasn’t even sure if he would believe me.
I decided to take a shower. I had to do something to distract myself. My stomach grumbled in protest when I shut the bathroom door. I stood in front of the mirror. My eyes were puffy. Even if I slept for a week, I doubted the dark circles would go away.
Was my life ever going to stabilize to normal? Was there such a thing, or was it just an unobtainable ideal that had been droned into my head since I was little?
Aunt Grace had tried hard to make me believe I was like everyone else. Why would she do that? It just seemed cruel to me now.
I had only been able to read about a fourth of Lily’s journal, but I knew enough to understand I would never have the life I set out to get. Tears streamed down my cheeks. Would I ever even see my family again? Sarah was only seven. I had planned to take her to Disney World after I graduated. And I had so much to tell Jenny about boys. I wanted to help her through the emotional rollercoaster she would soon be stuck on. Travis was a pain most the time, but he wasn’t all bad. He had stood up for me at school a few times. Was he enjoying Snow College? Did he have a girlfriend?
I forced myself to stop dwelling on things that would only lead to more misery. I dragged my weary frame into the shower and let the water wash over me. Life had seemed so simple at home. All I had to do to get what I wanted was work hard enough. I still held a hope that I could somehow stop the inevitable, but it was a tiny flame in a rushing wind.
Maybe Zach could find fae food for me? I doubted I could make it through the night without that candy. I was absolutely sick from the meal I had eaten, but I was still ravenous.
I blow-dried my hair and put on my make-up. My skin was ashen, my cheeks pale, my eyes wide and haunted. I took way too long in the shower. I dressed quickly then rushed to meet Zach, but I had to catch the bus when he didn’t show up. With trembling fingers, I dialed his number. It went to voicemail. I tried a few more times but gave up as the bus pulled to the curb. I was already late. Why had Zach blown me off? He said he would give me a ride. Was he okay? Had the fae hurt him, too?
The doors slid open. My lungs filled with a chilly autumn wind. My hair whipped wildly around my face. I didn’t have time to deal with it. I tucked it beneath my sweater and sprinted. I raced in and out of groups of students that were leisurely walking to their destinations. I ignored the looks I got. My skin prickled uncomfortably when I entered the library. Were the lords here? I hoped not.
I hurried up to Mr. Hansen’s office after clocking in. I knocked timidly, hovering in the doorway.
He looked up from a stack of papers and motioned for me to come in. “Ms. Tate, how good of you to show up. If I didn’t know better, I would think you don’t really want this job.”
Something about his words hit me wrong. How would he know anything about me? I hadn’t spoken more than a few words to him. “It isn’t that. I’ve had a lot happen the last few days. I’m sorry. It won’t happen again.”
He leveled an irritated look at me. “Be sure that it does not. I have plenty of applicants who would love to have this position.”
I slumped in my chair. “I understand.”
He glanced at the door as if he expected someone to be there. His gaze traveled to the grandfather clock in the corner. He didn’t bother looking at me. “Good. I wanted to explain some of your duties to you.”
This meeting seemed rather pointless to me. What was so hard about putting books away or doing grunt-work for the senior staff? “Okay.”
He glanced briefly at the clock again. Was he in a hurry?
He stood up and pushed away from his oversized walnut desk, turning toward the window. “The University has obtained some rather unusual items, and I need a discrete person to catalogue them.”
I smiled. If it got me away from Alex, I didn’t care what he asked me to do. “That sounds good to me.”
He gestured toward the door. “Shall we go?”
He led me to the basement in overbearing silence. I had already been down here the other day, but I hadn’t realized that it was so big. He took me down more stairs and into a small room with no furniture. An ornately carved door waited for us at the other end. He glanced at me warily as though he were determining if I could really be trusted. What did they have down here anyway?
He opened the door. “After you.”
I glided past him but was more than suspicious at this point. When I turned to look at him, he shoved me into the room and slammed the door.
Darkness engulfed me. My shrill scream sounded small. Where was I? I pummeled the door then rammed into it until my shoulder hurt. Someone laughed menacingly behind me. The scratch of a match being lit preceded the tiny fragment of light.
I still couldn’t see who it was, but I recognized the theatrical laugh of Roger Wayne.
He lifted the candle under his chin turning his features into a ghostly mask. He leered and waved his fingers. “Woo-hoo-hoo-hoo.”
Even though his mocking was swallowed up by the enormous room, he terrified me. The scrape of his chair sliding backward propelled me into motion. I planted my palms against the rough stone wall behind me and moved as silently as I could. The light was so dim I may as well have been in full darkness. He came nearer. I was surprised he left the candle on the table.
“You do not disappoint, Rayla. I hoped you would flee from me. You tricked me the other night. You must tell me how you did it. I thought you weren’t one, but it appears that you are. What fun. I haven’t been this interested in a girl in a really long time. You are nothing like your little friend. She was pathetic. I would have devoured her in minutes if you hadn’t come when you did. Alex is a fool for believing in your innocence.”
I kept silent while I worked my way around the wall. I wanted to tell him how wrong he was about Cassie. I wanted to stand up for my best friend, but that would only lead him to me faster. I didn’t care what he had to say about Alex. I couldn’t believe Mr. Hansen was working with Roger. I couldn’t believe I had been idiotic enough to follow him alone, but how could I have insisted he bring someone else along. I should have quit right then. Stupid, stupid, stupid. My foot hit a barrier. I lowered to the floor, reaching out for the object. An icy step sent gooseflesh up my spine. Should I follow the staircase or search for another door?
“Rayla, where are you. Come out, come out, wherever you are.” His singsong voice was eerie in this place. His sadistic laugh pummeled into me. “You are smarter than I thought you were. I could turn on the lights at any time. But what fun would that be?”
I climbed the frigid stairs on my hands and knees. When I reached the top, my fingers dug into cool earth. The air was thick and dank. His voice rang out below me. “I wouldn’t go up there if I were you.”
I hesitated. What would happen if I did? I could feel him coming nearer. A vein at my temple pounded in my ears. I wished Zach was here. Why hadn’t he come for me?
The sound of foot hitting concrete got me to move. I stood slowly, reaching for a wall that wasn’t what I had expected. Cool rectangular subway tiles met my fingers.
“You’ll get lost. They’ll find your body in a few weeks. The tunnels go everywhere. Only those who know how to navigate them can come out safely.”
Better lost or dead than anywhere near him. I hurried up the incline. I took the first branch. I concentrated on the soft sound of my feet as they traced the floor instead of letting the blackness overwhelm me. Why was I so afraid of the dark?
His steps were sure as he followed me. In his usual flamboyant nature, he whistled the theme of Jeopardy. Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo, Doo-doo-doo. “Give up. I promise not to harm you. I only want to talk. I have so many questions for you. You can have that diary if you like. There are plenty more where that came from. I don’t care.”
I turned another corner. He was right about one thing. I would die down here if I didn’t find a way out. I backed up to the wall, hoping he would pass me unawares. I gathered a handful of dirt at my feet and tossed it up the other tunnel. A musky scent filled the corridor. His breathing was light but still discernible. I froze where I was, not even daring to inhale. I waited a few minutes before I headed the other way.
I moved slowly, not sure where I was or if I could find my way back to that cavernous room. I stumbled down the corridor, clinging to the wall for balance.
I felt him behind me. Had he heard me? I quickened my pace, taking care not to make another sound.
His voice erupted in my ear as his arms clamped around me. “Gotcha.”
My shriek echoed in the tunnel making it sound unnatural. He slammed a hand over my mouth, laughing. The other slid up my ribs. I kicked behind me. It didn’t faze him.
“Oh, that was exciting! I really hated to end it, but I’m afraid I am on a time crunch. They will be here soon.”
At his command, the lights blazed on. I shut my eyes from the glare. He pulled me down the tunnel. I kicked and tried to bite him. He just laughed—each one more sadistic. He was insane.
I threw my weight into him as we reached the stairs, hoping to topple him over. “Stop fighting me, Rayla. I have been extremely patient with you, but I am swiftly running out.”
I went rigid in his arms. He brushed my scar, stopping abruptly.
“What is this?” He turned me around giving me a halting look. “Be good.”
As if that was happening. He jumped sideways before my knee could strike his delicate pieces. He shook me hard. My neck spasmed from the jolt.
“I said, be good.”
I stood still while he lifted my shirt. His other hand kept a firm hold on my arm. I didn’t dare move when I saw the hardness in his cold brown eyes.
He bent toward my torso. “I haven’t ever seen one like this.” He ran a smooth finger over my raised flesh. “It looks like a scar.”
I stiffened at his touch. “It is, you idiot. Let me go.”
He looked up at me, his tawny eyes full of laughter. “Oh come now. We both know that isn’t going to happen. Did you try to cut out your mark?”
I glared at him. “I never had one.” Where had the rasp in my voice come from? I cleared my throat. “I got this in an accident.”
He surveyed me, his expression doubtful as he stood. “And I am supposed to believe that? You have been seen with lords. I have no idea how you have escaped them, but I want to find out. You could be very useful to me.”
“What makes you think I would ever help you?”
He laughed, his resultant smile pleasant. “What makes you think you have a choice?” His gaze lingered on me coating me with an oily residue. “You do have the look. That was why you were invited to my house. I was disappointed to find out that you weren’t, but you are. Aren’t you?”
I clenched my fists. “Do you really expect me to understand you?”
He cocked a winged brow. “You are an Elemental, no?”
“No.”
He shifted his head to the side. “No as in ‘yes’ or no as in ‘no?’”
I rolled my eyes. “You are ridiculous.”
He chuckled. “Thank you, my dear. That is the sweetest thing I have heard all day.”
He pulled me to the bottom of the stairs. The room looked like a museum. The mortared rock walls could have been those of an Arthurian castle for all I knew. Glass cases glittered in the light, housing ancient relics. Books lined the inner walls. I couldn’t see the ceiling. He led me to an imperial table set squarely in the middle of the room, pushing me onto a rickety chair that squeaked under my weight.
“Do I need to tie you?” he asked nonchalantly.
I yanked my chin out of his clammy hand. “As if I’d tell you that.”
He slapped my cheek lightly and tweaked my nose. “Perhaps I should. As exhilarating as our chase was, I don’t have time for another at the moment.”
I crossed my legs. “What could possibly be more pressing than this?”
He sneered. “We’ve caught your silly little friend trying to run away. Sam has convinced me she may be useful, but that is yet to be seen. Two interrogations in one day are rather inconvenient.”
My heart sank. How could I help Natalie now? “How ever do you put up with it?”
He shrugged. “I know. I have a hard life, but most of the time it is worth the trouble.”
I glared at him, leaning closer. “What are you going to do with Natalie?”
“You are quite a noble one, aren’t you? Here you sit. I could be moments from killing you, and you’re worried about your friend.”
I rolled my eyes. “Just tell me.”
He didn’t hesitate. His tone was irritated. “If you must know, Sam is going to take her to one of our training facilities.”
I noticed a map on the wall, but I didn’t dare let my gaze linger. Bright colored pins were scattered across the globe. “What for?”
His gaze moved to the map. Glancing back at me, he blocked my view. “Wouldn’t you like to know?”
“It’s why I asked.”
His expression turned stone cold. “Enough. When did you get your scar?”
I didn’t see any harm in telling him. “When I was twelve.”
He smiled widely. His handsome face was a flimsy veil hiding a monster beneath. He pulled a chair up to mine then turned it backwards and lowered onto it, his gaze intent upon me. “I see, and you said that you never had a mark.”
“Nope.”
When he rocked forward a bit, his shirt sleeve lifted, exposing a tattoo of that weird design on the inside of his forearm.
“What is that?” I asked.
“I forget how little you know about what you are. It is the fivefold symbol.”
Well, that was helpful. “But what does it mean?”
He ran his finger over the top circle. “This, my dear, is the key to real power. The first circle represents air.” His finger moved clockwise, touching each of the other circles. “Fire, water. Earth.” He moved to the center circle. “Let’s not forget the most important and elusive of all elements, ether, or void, if you prefer.”
He looked at me curiously. “Are you certain you didn’t have a mark where your scar is now? It would have been slightly lighter than your normal skin tone.”
“I already told you. I didn’t have one.” There were five elements? I thought there were four. That had to mean there was one more lord. I didn’t want to accept where my mind was headed. Was that why Zach was acting so strangely? Could he be a lord? No, that was absurd. Even with as handsome as he was, he didn’t compare to the rest of them.
“This, indeed, is curious. I would really like to keep you, but we will see if that is a possibility in a few moments. Unfortunately, we haven’t made enough progress as to not need the fae to accomplish our designs.” He stood fluidly and pushed his chair away. “In fact, here they are now.”
When the heavy door swung open, the thrall of four lords blasted into me. Taylor was the first to enter the room. After one glance at him, I swayed on my chair.
Luke was next. He raised a brow as if to say, “I told you this wasn’t over.”
Jett sauntered into the room, cocked his head to the side, saluting me. Only one person had ever done that before. He had to be the mysterious rider. He was the man in the woods. I shuddered.
Finn strolled in looking bored. He nodded.
“Thank you for coming,” said Roger. “I understand that you have claimed this girl as an Elemental. As many of you know, she does not carry a mark. Take off your shirt, Rayla.”
Completely stunned by his demand, I looked up at him. He was serious. I folded my arms across my chest protectively. “No.”
He hovered over me, anger flooding his features. He yanked me to my feet. “I will do it for you then.”
“Do not touch her,” Jett said, breathing hard as if he was planning to throw Roger against the wall if he needed to. He stepped closer. “She is no longer your concern. You may leave.”
Roger hissed, “That is what I have been trying to tell you. It appears that you all have been mistaken. I was going to show you.”
Luke shook his head. “We concede she does not carry the usual markings, but that does not discount her from being an Elemental. There is a possibility she could be the Nexus. In any case, she belongs to us. You may have her when we are done, but not until.”
Roger visibly stiffened. His hands clenched and unclenched at his sides. His tone was that of barely concealed furor. “You can’t still be waiting for something that won’t ever happen. Every Elemental has been catalogued since the beginning. There has never been one and never will be.”
Finn shot a tempestuous glare at Roger. “How dare you think to tell us what will be, boy. We govern your very existence. You may not believe in prophecy, but we do.”
“What prophecy?” I asked, but no one bothered to answer me. I was becoming dizzy as my gaze bounced like a ping-pong ball between the two of them. Roger’s antics could work to my favor if I played this right. I cleared my throat. “I will do what Roger asked to prove that I am not an Elemental.”
Silence occupied the space as every man in the room turned his attention to me. Their gazes were a sticky film as they followed my movements.
I kicked off my shoes telling myself that being in my bra and panties was no different than wearing a bikini. Unfortunately, I had never been comfortable being so exposed. I sighed in frustration, unzipping my jeans, wriggled them to the floor and stepped away. My socks were not coming off no matter how absurd I looked.
I felt like a stripper with the way they watched me. How could someone do this for a living? Steeling my nerve, I lifted my sweater over my head. My hands got stuck in the cuffs. I smiled, embarrassed, as I wrestled free of the fabric. Some exotic dancer I’d make. I pulled my hair up and twirled. “See. No mark. Would you all leave me alone now? You’re really screwing up my life.”
“You could be hiding my mark,” Jett said in the deepest baritone I had ever heard. I could happily listen to that sound for eternity.
That aside, I couldn’t figure out what was he playing at? He knew that I didn’t have one. He was probably trying to cover for the other day. If he only knew that he hadn’t been the only one who had confronted me alone. I shook off the shudder that rippled slowly under my skin and pulled one side of my panties lower, exposing my hip. I gazed up at him with a look of triumph.
He cocked his head to the side, his dark braids swaying. He smiled. “The other one.”
Of course. I fought a strong wave of déjà vu, and it wasn’t because of yesterday. Something about the way he moved nearly brought back a memory, but I couldn’t pinpoint it. I turned and exposed my flesh.
His smile turned fractional. Each step he made toward me set off a quake through my insides.
I returned his grin, hoping he couldn’t see how much he affected me. “Look, you guys are gorgeous, and I’m really flattered you want me. But I have nothing to offer you.”
Jett stopped a foot from me and lowered to his knees. “You won’t mind if I see for myself?”
“Be my guest.” I trembled under his watchful eye. I was mortified. No guy had ever seen this much of me up close except for maybe Zach and I guess Roger, and now I had five scanning every inch of my body. He pulled the fabric lower, but I kept a hand on the hem just in case he took it too far. His expression shifted moments before he touched my scar. Power surged through me stronger than I had ever imagined possible. Pain jolted my frame, but I kept myself externally calm.
He stood, caressing my thigh as he rose. I kept my gaze steady as his emotions flooded into me. More than anything he was disappointed. I had expected anger or, to be honest, pure evil. I covered my unease with a faulty smile.
He turned toward the others. “It is not here, and even though I would rather not admit it. We have not addressed one explanation.”
Luke stood by Jett looking down on me determinately. “I feel this girl more than any that have come before her. She has to be mine. Besides, he isn’t here to claim her.”
“Yes,” a familiar voice said from behind me. “I am.”





I whirled around. Zach stood there with a pained expression in his eyes.
My hands flew to my mouth as I fell to my knees. I paid no attention to the jolting pain when they slammed against the cold concrete. I ignored the pool of blood that oozed slowly toward him. Even though I had considered it, I never actually believed he was one of them. My words were whisper light. “You can’t be fae.”
“You have seen this man before?” Luke accused from behind me.
Zach turned toward Luke, every bit as lordly as the rest of them. “I have been courting her, as is my right. You have all seen the only place her mark could have been.”
I bristled at him, standing. “Is that what you call what you have done to me?” I jerked my jeans up my thighs then thrust my finger inches from his nose. “You are a blasted liar.”
He stepped toward me. “Rayla—”
“Don’t.” I backed away from him, hitting into something solid. I looked up only to see Finn’s amused expression. Moving away from him, I glared at the group. “You’re going to have to take my word for it. I never had a mark.”
Zach shook his head fractionally as if to say, “Don’t be so stupid. I’m trying to get you out of this.”
Luke laughed triumphantly. “In that case, you could belong to any one of us.”
I shivered. I didn’t want this life.
Zach didn’t look affected. “She is mistaken. She was young when she got her scar. She may not have noticed the subtle difference in her skin. I will prove to you that she is mine.” With that said, he started toward me.
What was he planning to do? He smiled, broad and wolfish. I had seen that smile before. I had been wrong. Jett hadn’t been the man in the woods. Zach held that honor. Oh crap. What was I going to do? He could control me anytime he wanted.
I looked away, not able to take the intensity of his gaze. Maybe I did belong to him?
Without a word said, his soul brushed up against mine. I fought as hard as I could. My heart leapt at his approach.
Why was I fighting this? He was my world.
No. He wanted to take my world from me. He wasn’t my sweet boyfriend. He was a fae lord. I had to remember that.
I yanked my sweater over my head the second before he reached me. I needed the barrier between us. He leaned into me. My pulse trumpeted in my ears. The room began to spin. I put my hand on his chest to stop him. He laughed, strong and sure.
Oh, heaven help me, I couldn’t resist him. I smiled, rocking to my toes to get nearer. He was too far away. With sure movements, I ran my hands up his chest and around his neck. I couldn’t wait for him to claim me, so I pulled his face closer.
His lips worked mechanically against mine. His restraint made me growl in protest. I wanted more, but he pulled away.
The room and its occupants came into focus again. Even Roger looked away when I tried to connect my gaze with his. I couldn’t think straight. What had I just done?
“As you can see, gentlemen, I have this firmly under control.”
Luke approached us. His jaw was tight as he spoke. “Why have you waited so long to step forward? You know the rules.”
Zach spread his hands. “I meant no disrespect. I didn’t expect her to be mine. I only came because I had to.”
“This proves nothing,” Jett said, his tone hoarse with anger.
Zach moved behind me, pulling me against him. “I’m sorry,” he whispered before he shoved his hand under my shirt and caressed my scar.
Agony shot into my torso and spread throughout my body. I convulsed as though I had grabbed a live wire. When Zach released me I crumpled to the floor, not strong enough to hide my pain this time.
Zach turned to Jett, his breath labored. “Are you satisfied now?”
Jett nodded, anything but pleased. “You have two days to get her life settled.” He stormed out of the room with Luke and Taylor on his heels.
Two days until what? I thought back to what I had read. Zach had to take me to the fae realm to perform the bonding.
“I am happy for you, brother,” said Finn as he clasped Zach’s forearm. “It has been a long time.”
Zach nodded giving Finn a curt smile before he swept me into his arms. Did he really expect me to just go with him? He walked toward the entrance of the tunnels. They were a hundred times less creepy than they had been in the dark, but they still held enough of an eww factor to keep me from being thrilled about where we were headed. I refused to take another step into that place even if I wasn’t the one walking.
“There is a perfectly good door over there. Use it,” I said.
He didn’t even glance at me as he continued forward. “I don’t want to.”
“You are such a jerk,” I hissed. “I will never forgive you for this.”
He raised a brow, glancing at me amusedly. “Never is a long time.”
“So?”
He laughed and shifted me in his arms. His hand rested leisurely on my thigh.
I stiffened. “Put me down. I can walk fine on my own.”
“No.”
I pushed away from him, but he tightened his grip. “I don’t want to be anywhere near you.”
His gaze was locked blindly forward. “Too bad.”
He held me in silence, setting a steady pace as he deftly maneuvered the tunnels. I couldn’t keep track of the twists and turns he took, but I vowed to never come into this place again. All I had to do was wait until he got me out of the catacombs, and I would run.
He looked at me sharply. “Oh, Rayla, when are you going to learn?” he said as though he had read my mind.
I turned away from him. “Don’t talk to me.”
“You are acting like a child.”
I harrumphed. “Why didn’t you just take me in the woods? Why did you put me through this?” I couldn’t hold back my sobs any longer. He’d been manipulating me this entire time. Did I even have real feelings for him?
He set me on the ground. His fingers caressed my cheek as I slid to the dirt. “You scold me for giving you a choice?”
I swatted his hand away. “I never had a choice when it comes to you!”
He moistened his lips, smiling down at me. “Point?”
I scrambled to my feet and walked away. “You are so arrogant.”
He caught up to me effortlessly. “It is one of my biggest weaknesses.”
“You’ve been compelling me this whole time.”
His eyes turned sad. “You questioned too many things, and I didn’t have time to win your trust. You would have trusted me eventually on your own. That is how compulsion works. I couldn’t make you do something you wouldn’t be willing to do on your own.”
I glared at him, not knowing what to say to that. He smiled wickedly as he let me move ahead of him. When I came to a fork in the tunnel, I went left.
He laughed. “Wrong way.”
I stomped past him, shoving at his chest.
I ran.
“Rayla, don’t be stupid.” Zach shouted.
I rounded the corner. His growl echoed around me.
So he was angry. I didn’t care. I hadn’t been able to really run for a long time, and I put my whole effort into it. The dank air notwithstanding, I loved the feel of my bones quaking when my feet struck dirt.
Zach was near. His voice was clear in my mind, demanding that I stop. He was trying to take over my body as he had before. To my surprise, I shattered every compulsion he used on me. I refused to let him in. I looked back to gauge my lead. When I turned around, I ran straight into a wall. I was stunned for a few seconds.
I leapt to my feet as he closed in on me. My chest heaved wildly. “Stay away from me.” I hadn’t been able to say it as forcefully as I wanted to.
He shook his head, panting. “Don’t make me take you, Rayla.”
Oh, no. My name on his lips was the key to my will. I glared at him, brushing dust from my jeans. “No matter what you do, if you use force, you will not have the real me.”
Fury crossed his face briefly before being replaced by defeat. He leaned against the wall. “I know. I tried. I was hoping you would want me first. I’ve done a great job, haven’t I?”
Gasping, I bent over, placing my hands on my knees. I looked at him coldly. “I am not going to feel sorry for you!”
He reached his hand out toward me, chuckling lightly. “I am not asking you to. Sit. Let’s talk.”
“I have nothing to say to you. You – you – ” I struggled to find the right term. “Mondodismic bastage.”
He folded his arms across his chest, cocking his head. His eyes shining, he laughed. “You’re not even old enough to have seen that movie. But don’t you mean ‘bastard?’”
I straightened in defiance. I watched whatever was available at home to fight the boredom. Besides, I liked that show. I narrowed my eyes. “No. I said what I wanted to.”
He smiled warmly as he towered over me. “That is not a word.”
“Well, it should be!”
“You’re weird. You know that?”
“Right back at you.”
“Good one.”
I glared at him, but I didn’t have a comeback to offer. I looked at the dirt instead.
He grasped my hand, smiling sadly. “Please. Let me explain some things to you before you pass judgment.”
I eyed him warily, pulling my hand away. He tensed until I slid to the floor opposite him. He sighed visibly as he lowered to the ground. He hugged his knees lightly.
A damp lock fell to his forehead. “If you had any idea how hard this has been for me, you might not be so condemning.” He gazed at me through his lashes, heat clear in his eyes. “I wanted you the first moment I saw you, but then I realized you were not alone. I did the only thing I could. I waited for the right moment.”
“You disappeared because Cassie was with me?”
His tone was soft. “We are not allowed to claim an Elemental in front of humans.”
Oh. This wasn’t his first time around the Elemental track. The thought of him being with someone before me shredded my insides. I began drawing the mighty pegasus in the soft dust.
I shivered. It really was out there.
He chuckled. “So you did see Styx. I’m sorry about that. I lost control of my illusion when I saw you. I have never felt a pull like yours. It is indescribable.”
I let out a scornful scoff. “You poor guy. This must have been really hard for you to bear.”
He lowered his gaze from mine. “It really has been.”
I stood up. “Let me take care of that for you.”
He was next to me momentarily, his hands at my elbows. “You cannot escape me. Don’t even try.”
I stared at him defiantly. “So I’m just supposed to give myself to you? Is that what you want?”
He smiled roguishly, running his fingers lightly up my flesh. “It would be nice.”
“Yeah, well, too bad for you.”
He took my shoulders in his big hands. “Why do you fight your feelings? I know you love me.”
I gazed up into his starry eyes. “How can I be sure those emotions are actually mine and not another compulsion?”
His jaw tightened. “I have not taken advantage of you in any way.”
“You and I obviously have a different definition of that.”
He squeezed my flesh lightly as though he was measuring the pressure carefully. “I have let your emotions progress unassisted. You should know the difference.”
I did. I just didn’t want to admit it. He nudged me gently with a slight compulsion as though he was trying to remind me just what he could do.
“Zach—”
“You will listen to me. I have given you more leeway than any other Elemental I’ve had. Don’t look at me that way. I can’t help what I am.”
I stared insolently at him. “You could try. You don’t have to claim me.”
“If I don’t, one of my brothers will.”
“But I thought you said—”
He shrugged. “They will not fall for that long. You are different. I don’t know how. Jett was probably right. You might be the Nexus.”
His fingers moved on my skin. I sighed then stiffened. “What is it exactly?”
“You already know that Elementals are chosen at birth. Every living thing is made up of the basic elements, but there is always a dominate element that dictates how we will be. Even humans have this trait.”
“I don’t understand.”
He looked at the ceiling and sighed. “Haven’t you ever thought someone was solid as a rock or a breath of fresh air? Where do you think those adages came from?”
I bit my lip. “I haven’t ever thought about it before. So the Nexus has an equal amount of each element?”
He picked at a broken tile on the wall. “That is what the prophecy says.”
“What prophecy?”
He glanced at me briefly. “It is sacred. I cannot share it with you.”
Disappointment flooded through me. I had hoped to clear up the question that had me really nervous. “Do you know someone named Ainessa?” I still had no idea how she fit into this.
He lifted my chin up so fast I practically got whiplash. “How do you know that name?”
“Cassie told me.”
He raked his fingers through his hair. It fell into place perfectly, of course. “If my sister is here, we are in serious trouble.”
I blinked. “Your sister?”
He glanced down the tunnel. He threw his head back, covering his eyes, and groaned. “It’s a long story. Sh—crap. I hadn’t expected her to be this bold.”
He was not going to get me to soften-up just because he was trying not to swear. “What are you talking about?”
He kicked the wall. “If she is here, there can be only one explanation: She has convinced the counsel to let her try a bonding.”
I made a choking sound. He leveled his gaze to mine.
“You should be worried. She is sadistic to the core and will use you in ways you can’t even imagine.”
“What can we do?”
He smiled broadly. “Bond with me now—before she can get to you.”
“Here? But I thought—”
He shook his head. “It can be done. It would be better to be in Faeresia first.”
“What is bonding, exactly?”
He smirked. “You really don’t know anything, do you?”
“Yeah, rub it in. Rayla’s clueless!”
He placed a wary arm around my shoulders. “I know this is hard on you. I’m trying to make it easier. I promise. I can’t believe your mother abandoned you.”
Frowning, I scooted away from him. “She died! It isn’t like she had an option.”
He pulled me back against him. “She could have made sure that you at least knew what you were. There are steps that are taken. We didn’t even know you existed until you appeared in Utah. I was the first one that sensed you. We are still trying to figure out how they concealed you.”
I didn’t want the fae anywhere near my home. “What do you mean?”
“A team will be sent to investigate soon.”
I gasped. “You can’t let that happen. My whole family lives there.”
His expression turned confused. “We aren’t going to hurt them. We are not the monsters you have imagined. Give me a chance.” He dropped to one knee and reached for my hand. “Make me the happiest man who has ever lived. Bond with me?” His smile was charming, roguish.
I yanked my hand away. “Wouldn’t you just like that?”
He jumped to his feet. “Don’t be stubborn.”
“You have a lot of nerve.”
“You wouldn’t like me much if I didn’t.”
I laughed. “Who said that I liked you?”
He pulled me into a light embrace. “I don’t care if you deny it. I know how you feel about me.”
“Is that right?”
He grunted. “Would you shut-up already?”
I had to get the last word in before his lips reached mine, even now my anger melted away. I trusted Zach. I didn’t know why. It made no sense, but I did. If I had to spend an eternity with a fae, I could do worse than him. I hadn’t given up yet, but I didn’t want him to know that. “Only if you do.”
He brushed my hair from my face. “You’re impossible.”
I smiled impishly. “You should consider that a bit more before you willingly take me for five hundred years.”
He laughed. “Good thing it probably won’t be that long.”
I stiffened. “What do you mean?” I hated to admit it, but I wanted him to claim me. He was like breathing oxygen. I had to have it whether I liked it or not.
He let go of me and looked away as though he couldn’t face me. “Every Elemental is different. I’d only have you that long if you will live to be a hundred. The bond lasts for five of your lifetimes.”
My heart broke with each word he said. How could I let my feelings for him grow? I would be devastated when he released me no matter how many years I spent with him. I would be destroyed if he left me right now. “How do you know when it is time to return someone to the human realm?”
He wouldn’t turn around. “The power fades toward the end. When it is gone, we bring our bondmate back to live her true life.”
I could barely get the words out. They were gravel against my throat. “Have you loved any of them?”
He turned. His gaze locked with mine. I would find no apology there. “Yes.”
I should have found comfort from his revelation, but it only made my pain more unbearable. I stiffened. “How many have there been?”
His voice lowered to a whisper. “Does it matter?”
I stomped away. He followed but didn’t say anything.
I wandered in silence for what seemed like hours. When I reached a dead end, I whirled on him. “Are we ever going to get out of this hades hole?”
He pulled his hands from his pockets and shrugged. “I thought you might need to get some energy out.”
I spun around in circles looking for the right way to go. “Where is the exit?”
He leaned up against the wall casually with his feet crossed. “Are you talking to me again?”
I didn’t even bother looking at him. “No.”
He grunted. “Then I’m not telling you.”
I glared at him. “What is this place, anyway? I’ve heard about the tunnels, but we have to be a long way from Notre Dame by now.”
His hand scrubbed at his forehead. He pulled at his jaw. He pursed his mouth into a pucker and then a grimace. He sighed heavily as though he was bored. “The Order used to hide Elementals down here before the compact was signed. It was quite pathetic. As if we didn’t know what they were doing? We stepped in when they started experimenting.”
I shuddered. “How long ago was that?”
His expression turned grim. “During World War II. There had never been a need for an official understanding before then. I hated that time. There was so much carnage in your world already. We couldn’t allow them to continue their useless endeavors.”
My voice was shrill when I spoke. “But why do you even need Elementals? You have power of your own.”
He pushed away from the wall, coming closer. “It is the only way we can determine who will rule without war breaking out between our nations. We have a tenuous relationship, at best.”
“You still haven’t told me how the bonding works.”
He grinned. “You caught that, huh? I had hoped you had forgotten.”
“Why?”
“Rayla, you are special. It is possible that you wrecked your mark in that accident, but it isn’t likely. I am beginning to believe you have all of the elements within you. If we bonded, your power would converge with mine.”
“Grace already explained that, but what aren’t you telling me?”
He gazed directly at me. “I would be stronger than all of the lords combined. I would have more power than any of our current kings. I would essentially be the first high-king in fae history.”
I gasped. “You could control the world.”
His gaze was steady. “Yes.”
“Mine too?”
“Yes.”
My mind was whirring. I couldn’t get the questions out fast enough. “Would I be as strong as you?”
“You would have the potential to be as powerful, but you would not have the practice that I have.”
“And if I bonded with someone else?”
“They would have your power.”
The full force of his statement slammed into me. I would be creating a sovereign king, or queen if Ainessa had her way. I couldn’t allow that to happen. She sounded awful. There was something else that was bothering me. “How is the bond created?”
“Through intimate contact.”
I cringed at the thought. My stream didn’t flow that way. “Is your sister gay?”





Zach smiled, rolling his eyes as if I had asked the stupidest question he had ever heard. “The contact does not have to be sexual to take, but the more intimate the emotions, the stronger the bond.” He took my hands. “For example, if we were to bond right now….” I yanked on my hands, but he didn’t release them.
“I’m not that stupid,” I said firmly.
“Thanks. I was speaking hypothetically.” He winked at me. “Of course.”
“Yeah, sure.”
He shook my fingers lightly. “If you are finished being rude.”
He waited. I nodded.
“As I was saying, I could hold your hand, and open my soul to yours like so.”
He nudged my consciousness as though he were knocking on a door. I waited on the other side, unsure what to do. If I opened it, would this all be over? I could be his for a long time. Even if it wasn’t for eternity, wouldn’t it be better than not having him at all? “What would happen if I locked the door on you?”
He opened one eye and smirked. “I haven’t actually started the process, Rayla. If I had, and you refused…” He hesitated a little too long for my liking but continued before I could say anything. His voice was barely audible. “You would die.”
I jerked my hands from his and stepped back. “Why?”
His feet shifted in the dirt. “We did not make the rules. We only follow them.”
Too many people had given me that excuse lately. I gave him a wary look, but it couldn’t have been as guarded as I felt. “Who did?”
“Faine.”
My ancestor did this? How could she inflict such a punishment? “But why would she condemn her posterity to death?”
He shook his head. “It was meant as a way out. She was young and foolish.”
I laughed. “No duh.”
His face brightened in amusement. “Golly gee-whiz, Rayla. No one says that stuff anymore. You don’t swear. You’re still a virgin. I’ve never seen you drink or smoke. Where’d you grow up? Mayberry?”
I was offended on several different levels. “What if I did?”
He scratched his stubbly chin. “I’m not complaining. I just think it’s funny.”
“You would.”
He sidled into me, joking around. I shoved at his shoulder.
My smile fizzled and I looked away, overcome with pent-up fear. “What are you going to do with me, Zach?” I managed a tenuous glance.
He lifted his brows, smiling wickedly. “Other than ravage your body the moment I am able?”
I kicked the wall behind me and gave him my back. I couldn’t look at him knowing what I did about who he was.
He stood in front of me. His eyes were full of some kind of emotion I couldn’t read very well. Was it regret?
“I was kidding,” he said with a laugh. He lifted my hand, running his thumb across my wrist. He cleared his throat and searched my eyes. His barely there smile broadened. “Well, not really, but I’ll wait until you want me to.”
I looked away. He was too much right now.
His tone fell to a somber cadence. “We have to wrap things up here before I can take you to my land. You will have to say goodbye to your friends. I need you to make up an excuse to leave school.”
I blinked back unwelcome tears, not wanting him to see my pain. He was the last person I ever expected would ask me to give up my dreams.
He sighed, looking at me as though he knew what I was thinking. “I know how important art is to you. I will make sure you have the finest education. You will not regret that part of your new life.”
No—just the part that gave him more power over my world. I hadn’t missed that little tidbit even though he had tried to skim over it. I had learned something from Lily even if it wasn’t what I needed: Cowardice was not an option for me. If I couldn’t find a way around this whole mess, I only had one choice I could live with. Hopefully, that could be put off for longer than I thought.
Zach let me stew for a while as he led me out of the tunnels. We emerged in a dense forest.
I recognized the shack I had hidden in my first day on campus. “Where are we?”
“The borderlands. There are certain places that are neither human nor fae. Think of it as an alleyway. If we walked twenty feet that way, we would be in the nature area at St. Mary’s.”
Good to know. “What if we went in that direction?”
He smiled gloriously. “You would have the great honor of being in Faeresia, albeit a crappy part, but still.”
I looked at the rickety building again. The last time I was here, I hadn’t had time to really see the place for what it was: Other. Not when I had been fleeing for my life. The air was different here, a bit tangy like ozone and thick with the humidity of a summer’s day. My voice was raspy when I spoke. “Why didn’t you take me that day, Zach?”
He circled me, taking his time about it. My heart raced, a shadow of the first encounter I’d had with this man.
His eyes were aglow with a new intensity. “I wanted to. You could never know how badly. The way you looked at me—” He groaned. “Heaven would be seeing that expression on your face for eternity and knowing I was the cause. When those girls came, I cursed them. I wished them dead for taking that look from your eyes. Instead of unbridled desire, I saw fear. I couldn’t take you knowing how you really felt. That was when I changed tactics.”
“By lying to me?”
He cocked his head. “Omitting. There is a difference.”
“Maybe where you come from, but not in the real world.”
He tucked his hands under his armpits. “So my world is not real?” He nodded toward the boundary. “I dare you to find out for yourself.”
I bristled at him and walked deeper into the woods. He let me go a few feet before he stopped me.
“Come back. You are not ready to see it.”
I whirled on him. “Go…come. I am not your dog.”
He shrugged and started the other way. “Suit yourself. It won’t be long before someone or something finds you.” He put quite a lot of emphasis on something.
Images of enormous fanged creatures popped into my mind. I raced to catch him. “Stop trying to scare me.”
He laughed. “I don’t try. I do, or I do not.”
I couldn’t stay mad at him no matter how hard I tried. I smirked, glancing sidelong at him. “Okay, Yoda.”
A boyish grin spread across his lips. His eyes danced. “I love that movie.”
“I could tell.”
His smile faded, and he squeezed my hand. “In all seriousness, don’t ever wander the borderlands alone.”
“Got it the first time.”
“Good.” He rubbed his hands together menacingly. “Now what should I do to, uh, with you?”
I chuckled. “You’re enjoying yourself entirely too much.”
He tucked his thumbs through his belt loops, walking with a bit of a bounce. “This is way better than the ‘snatch and grab’ approach. I’m still trying to decide if it is you or my change in tactics.”
I laughed. “Let me know when you figure it out.”
To my surprise, he took me back to the dorm. Jessica came barreling toward me as I fiddled with the lock. I didn’t get my door open fast enough.
She seemed different today. Tension was visible behind her eyes.
“Is something wrong?” I asked.
She glanced worriedly at Zach. “I need to talk to you. It’s important. When you get a minute, I’ll be in my room. I’m sorry about Cassie. If you talk to her, tell her I miss her.” She turned and walked down the hall before I could respond.
Zach looked after her. He shifted his weight uncomfortably, glancing back one last time before ushering me through the door. “Who is that girl?”
Why the sudden interest? “What? Do you want her now instead of me?”
A funny look crossed his face before an ‘are you kidding’ one covered it. “She seemed familiar for a moment.”
Okay. I wasn’t going to rat her out if he couldn’t tell what she was. “She’s a senior. She lives down the hall.”
He lifted a shoulder before it went slack. “I must have seen her here.”
“I guess so.” My stomach rumbled so loudly it startled me. How had I forgotten about food?
Zach groaned. “I came in such a hurry when I found out they had you that I didn’t get to grab your present.”
Butterflies replaced my hunger pangs momentarily. Zach had gotten me something. I rose onto my toes and rocked back. “What is it?”
He laughed. “Now I wish it were something special. I got you the fae equivalent of jerky.”
That was so sweet. He could have left me to suffer until I caved. “I still have a little candy left. I think I’ll survive, but do I need to eat regular food too?”
He bit his lip. “I hadn’t thought about that. You’d better. Your body is still human, so you need the nourishment. I wish you would consent to the bonding. It will be hell trying to keep both types of food around. It’s illegal to smuggle fae food into the human realm. I could get in real trouble if the wrong people find out.”
So did the fae have the same kind of police force as humans? I didn’t ask because I didn’t want to get off track. “How can trolls get away with it?”
He grunted. “They are technically not in our jurisdiction. They were here before we were.”
“I don’t understand any of this.”
Zach fell lazily to the couch, lifting an arm for me to slide under. I couldn’t do that yet. I sat on my bed instead.
He looked away, but I could see I had hurt his feelings. He got up and walked to the window. “There are five houses of fae. The power to control the basic elements has been divided. One cannot exist without the other, but we have begun warring for supremacy. Some of us have been around longer than others.”
“You don’t come from the same place?”
He clasped his hands behind his back. “There were several waves once word spread that my kind could reside on Earth.”
I leaned forward, hoping for some real answers. “What kind is that exactly?”
He turned around. An eternal sort of pain carved his face. “The fallen.”
I gasped. “You mean you followed Satan in the war in heaven?”
He smiled, looking utterly amused. “We are not from your universe, but you are not far off. The struggles for good and evil on this world are neither supported nor discouraged by my people. We cannot interfere with the fate of the souls of men. We are allowed to influence but never to coerce openly.”
I snorted. “I guess that doesn’t apply to Elementals.”
He moved back to the couch, picking at his nails. “You are correct in your assumptions.”
I plopped a piece of candy in my mouth. “But aren’t we human, too?” I had no idea if he could understand what I said.
He grinned as though he was looking at a child. “You are mortal, but not human.”
I slurped down the sugary sweetness. “How exactly did that happen?”
He grabbed a throw pillow and placed it behind his head as he lay down. His calves rested on the arm of the couch. “As I was saying before, Faine changed the course of your life by the decisions she made.”
“Stupid girl.” I hit the mattress above my head. I would have punched her if I could have. “So how did you all get here in the first place?”
He looked over at me, his expression dubious. “Some arrivals are mentioned in the Book of Invasions although it is full of inaccuracies. We tried to blend in with humans in the beginning, but our differences were too great. We could not go back to living like barbarians, and we could not introduce technology so quickly as to overwhelm the race. That was when we decided to separate the realms completely. There are only a few entrances into the borderlands, and it is unlikely anyone who finds their way into them would ever come out again. We have no way to control the creatures that govern that place.”
I thought about that for a minute. The fae had once lived among us. “So how long had you been here before Faine decided to completely mess up my life?”
Zach threw a pillow into the air and caught it, laughing. “Several centuries. Most of us had lost interest in humans, but we sent patrols occasionally to check for adequate progress.”
I rolled onto my elbow. He lay there comfortably as though nothing abnormal had happened between us. It would have been so easy for me to do the same. I reminded myself of how he had lied to me, how he compelled me to get me to trust him. I wished he was holding me, but I stayed where I was. “You said that Faine chose this life. Why?”
He shrugged. “She followed a newcomer into the borderlands. He was so stunned she could see him that he took her to the counsel instead of returning her to her home like he should have.”
I began to ask another question, but he stood. He stretched and yawned. Had he been up all night?
I peeked up at him, trying not to let my mind wander to what else we could be doing together. “Thank you for getting me more food. I do appreciate it.”
He knelt in front of me and brushed my arm with gentle fingers. “I would do anything for you, Rayla. You are my world.”
Hearing those words come from him did strange things to my heart. He wasn’t using compulsion, but I almost felt as though he was. I looked away shyly. “Zach,” I said, not sure how to ask him what I wanted to know. “Why are you different than the other lords?”
“How do you mean?”
I studied his handsome face but didn’t dare continue while I said what I wanted to. “Don’t get me wrong. You are absolutely gorgeous by human standards, but they are…”
Zach laughed. “Look at me.”
I raised my eyes and gasped. Standing before me was the most beautiful man I had ever seen, fae or otherwise. His face was a study in symmetry, every angle complementing the next, the golden ratio epitomized. His pale-blue eyes shone like a summer’s sky. His body would have even made Da Vinci weep from the absolute perfection of it. A soft glow emanated from his every pore. He was only slightly different if I was being absolutely truthful, but the little changes added up to a huge problem for me. Wayward comet meet black hole. I backed away from him. “Whatever you did, turn it off!”
He frowned. The glow radiating off his tawny skin only intensified. He glistened like an avenging angel. “You don’t like it?”
My heart was hammering, my pulse racing. If he had asked me to do anything at that moment I would have happily complied. I forced myself to say the words. “No. I. Don’t.”
A knowing chuckle escaped his lips. He knelt in front of me, pulling my face around to his. His strange eyes swirled with a happy light. I gulped hard.
“This is what I would have become,” he said softly.
I narrowed my eyes, breathing methodically, attempting to keep myself focused on something other than what I wanted to do to him. Or worse yet. What I wanted him to do to me. “What do you mean?”
He smiled, the glory of a thousand suns. “If I had stayed on the path of progression, this is what I would have looked like, eventually.”
Was I glimpsing a fraction of the divine? I closed my eyes, unable to take his perfection. “Please change back.”
He sighed, suddenly back to himself. It didn’t matter how he looked now. I would always see him that way.
He gave me a conspiratorial smile, as though he knew what I was thinking. He was doing that a lot lately. “I will return in a few hours. Promise me you will not leave the building.” He stood by me motionless.
I licked my lips, not sure if I really wanted to let him go. He began lowering to a knee.
“Okay. Fine,” I said. “I’ll stay here.”
He nodded before he left. Rolling onto my stomach, I pounded the mattress and screamed into my pillow. Finally exhausted, I cried myself to sleep.



The room was dark. Whispers flooded into my ears. My muscles tensed as my brain computed what was being discussed.
“Your highness,” said a low, gravelly voice. “Please come away. You cannot be here. I have this under control. I have done what you have asked.”
“You are a deceiver.” In spite of the harshness of her tone, the woman’s voice was the most beautiful thing I had ever heard. “You had no intention of bringing the other one to me. I had to pretend to be a human to even get in here.” She spat the word human at him as if it were rotten meat.
My eyes finally adjusted to the moonlight streaming through the window. The two shadowy figures stood near the couch: the one shapely and tall, the other, squat and boxy. The woman that I could only guess was Ainessa lowered a dainty hand to the top of the troll’s balding head. Standing rigid as a statue, he wrung a hat between stubby fists. His beady eyes were trained on the ground.
A pale purple fire erupted from Ainessa’s fingers, coiling around his body in thick bands. He convulsed but did not look up. Even though he kept quiet, the set of his shoulders told me he was in severe pain.
“Gibbit, this is your last chance. See that she comes to me willingly. I need not remind you of the consequence should you fail.”
His feet shuffled as though he wished to bolt. “No, my la…your highness.”
She vanished without another word. The strange little creature started pacing the room. He seemed to trip on something and lowered toward the floor. He gazed at the round, shiny orb dispassionately.
I had missed one. I shot out of bed and was on him faster than he could stand up. “Give it to me!” My whisper was louder than I had intended. I took advantage of his surprise and snatched the morsel from his box-like hand.
His orange gaze rose to mine. He was exactly as Cassie had described him: short with rough lilac skin, sunken button nose, and thin lips that hid two rows of pointy white teeth. His scalp was nearly bald except for the white stripe of waist length hair that circled the bottom of his head. He stepped back a few paces, grabbed his hair with one fist and shoved it through a hole in his cap. It stood straight up. Had I not known better, I would have thought he had a full head of hair.
“No need to get physical,” he said, rubbing his hands together like an arthritic. “There’s more where that came from.”
I put the candy in my mouth. Nothing on earth could compare to the rich flavor or pleasing texture. “What does that woman want from me?”
He shuffled uneasily, letting out a low grumble. “I need a different job.”
I bent to my knees. His eyes were still a little lower than mine. “Please. I have to know what she wants. I need my journal back, too.”
His grin showed chipped, rotting teeth that were still plenty sharp to do some damage. “I’d be happy to trade what I have for something better.”
“You’ve already used that line on my best friend.” I took hold of his shirt collar. “I need her stuff back, as well.”
“Begging your pardon, miss, but that’s not how this works.” He wriggled slightly, testing my hold on him.
“I would rethink your resolve if I were you. All I have to do is tell the lord who is courting me that you are a problem. He will be here in a few minutes…” I let my words hang there for a while, hoping he would concede.
“What lord? Mistress didn’t tell me of no lords.” He looked me up and down. “What they want with the likes of you?”
I cocked my head. “And just what ‘likes’ would that be?”
His nose pulled inward with his breath. “I’m not trying to offend you, miss, but they don’t usually go after their own kind.”
I wrinkled my face at him. “You should get some glasses. I’m not fae.”
He gave me a serious once over. “Oh yeah, what are you then?”
I stiffened uncomfortably under his gaze. “An Elemental.”
His eyes flew wider. “Of course you’re an Elemental.” He laughed. “Why not? It’s not like I would know the difference.”





I started where Cassie had left off. “Listen to me, you little thief. I am not fae, and I don’t have access to their stuff. So forgive me for not having anything to trade with you.”
His gaze went rigid. “How’d you come by that book then?”
I shrugged. “I found it at someone’s house. I have to return it. It isn’t mine.”
His lip curled back. “You should have thought about that before you brought it here.”
My fingers ached from holding onto him so tightly. I loosened my grip a bit. “What right do you have to steal from students? Why are you here anyway?”
His smile nearly covered his face. “This is my domain, little miss. I’m the one that decides what you gets to keep, and what I takes for the inconvenience of having you on my property.”
I laughed. “Your property! That’s the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever heard. And who you calling little, shrimp?”
He scowled at me, his body stiff. Surprisingly, he thrust a finger in my face. “It’s my right to make the rules here. I’ve owned this land since the world began.”
How could a troll own property in the human realm? “If that’s true, why is there a school here?”
He shifted uncomfortably in my grip. “That’s complicated, and I don’t have to explain nothing to you.”
His reactions hadn’t been what I thought they would be. “Why aren’t you afraid of the lords? I thought they ran all things fae.”
“They do, but you wouldn’t really know that. Would you?”
Had he really seen through my bluster? “I know more than you think.”
He eyed me disdainfully. “Were that the case, miss, you’d have told me there were five lords courting you, not one. So don’t mind me if I don’t believe you can command them at your leisure.”
“The others could be here any moment. None have relinquished claim to me. Since you seem to be having trouble believing the truth, I dare you to stick around.”
He pulled at my forearms. “I don’t do nothing I don’t want to.”
“Of course you don’t. You seemed to have everything under control with Ainessa.”
He let out a gasp that was more of a hiss, glaring at me as though I were the stupidest person alive. “Didn’t no one ever tell you not to use the names of royalty?”
I shrugged. “I wasn’t exactly taught about this stuff when I grew up.”
His whole face sunk inward when he inhaled. “What do you mean, grew up?”
I gave him a smirk. “It’s the time between birth and now.”
He lifted his chin. “Fae are not born.”
What was wrong with this creature? “Hence why I am not one of them.”
He shook his head. “But you are, miss.”
I put a hand to my hip. “You are mistaken.”
He looked me over again. “It will take more than words for me to believe such a thing.”
“Good. He will be here momentarily.”
He grumbled out a laugh. Something jingled softly. Several jeweled objects hung lazily from his belt in a cluster. Cassie’s dragonfly was one of them. I didn’t see the charm bracelet though. Was that my ruby ring? I reached for it. He swatted my hand away.
“That’s mine,” I screeched.
“Not no more.”
“If you’re going to keep my ring, you need to give me back the book.”
He looked like I had punched him in the stomach. “We made no bargain.”
“No matter. Zach will make you give it back.”
He laughed, his orange eyes welling with moisture. “Now I know you’re full of it. Ain’t no lord named Zach.” He smiled wryly before a popping noise erupted like a thousand kernels exploding in succession all around me. In a flash of blue light, I was holding onto air.
It wasn’t as late as I thought, so I went to see what Jessica wanted. Without even waiting for me to knock, she pulled me through the door and motioned for me to sit. She looked horrible.
The sweet smell of vanilla hit me the moment I passed the threshold. Furniture and plastic containers crowded the room. These girls had as much space for four as Cassie and I had between us. They didn’t have a bathroom, either.
I sat on the floor and leaned up against a nondescript dresser. I bet they had fun in here even if it was cluttered.
“Do you have a candle burning?” I asked because I didn’t know what else to say.
Jessica gave me an irritated look. “How are you still here?”
“What?”
“That lord you were with earlier. You should be falling all over yourself to be with him by now. Why hasn’t he taken you?”
I gaped at her. “I’m supposed to take care of my affairs. You know, make sure no one misses me. How did you know he was a lord?”
She looked different somehow, almost pretty. Her hair was shiny and her skin glowed where it was usually sallow.
“Rayla, you have to tell me how you did it.” She sat on a metal folding chair and leaned forward, her knee bouncing like a piston. “I think one of them knows I’m an Elemental.”
“What makes you say that?” I would have never guessed.
She shrugged. “He saw me when they took Cassie away in the ambulance. I’ve been hiding here ever since. They’ve been all over you, and miraculously, here you sit. So I ask you again. How?”
I thought furiously, not knowing how to answer her. “I don’t want them to take me.”
She jumped to her feet. “That’s it? No supersized magic ring or shielding spell?”
I rubbed my nose on my sleeve. My eyes were watering. I was pretty sure I was allergic to her air freshener. “Jessica, I hate to tell you this, but I’m not exactly a vat of information. I didn’t even know the fae existed until I came here.”
She smacked her tight lips. “Oh. You’re one of those.”
I tried not to be offended. If she was asking me for help, we both had problems.
She pulled a backpack from under her bed. “Sister Mary Margaret is working to get me out of here, but I haven’t heard from her in a long time. I’m worried.” She opened a drawer, shoving clothes in her bag without even looking at what she was doing.
“I’d be willing to help if I could go with you.”
She shot me a withering look. “I can’t risk it. The lord that saw me was from my house. I’ve never met one of them before. I’ve seen a group from a distance, but there isn’t anything like being close to one that holds your element. I felt so drawn to him even though, until the last moment, he was completely unaware of me.”
I knew the feeling, only I had to deal with all five of them, Taylor included. “What do you want me to do?”
“I’m supposed to meet someone in the tunnels, but I don’t dare go alone. I need you to come with me to Sister Mary Margaret’s office. She has a key to the underground.”
Why should I put myself at risk to help her? She hadn’t exactly gone out of her way to help me. “Why don’t you have one of your roommates do it?”
She looked grim. “They’re human. They can’t know about this stuff. We have to hurry. I need to leave before your lord returns. He will call the others if he realizes what I am.”
“You don’t know that.”
She stiffened her spine. “He is a lord. They are all alike.”
I didn’t think so. They were as different as the elements they harnessed. “Your plan is horrible. It isn’t safe. I promised Zach I would stay in my room. The other lords haven’t exactly released their claim on me. What if they come for me down there?”
She got in my face. “You are my only hope of getting out of here. I don’t understand what is happening with you, but none of the rest of us has a choice. If the lord of air manages to get close to me, that’s it. I will be his. I don’t know how you can resist yours, but I envy you.”
How absurd was that? I sighed. She was so desperate that I couldn’t say no. “I’ll go with you to the entrance of the tunnel, but that’s as far as I go.”
Her features relaxed. She nodded, but didn’t say anything. So much for gratitude.



Sister Mary Margaret wasn’t in her office. I had expected the staff to question us, but no one seemed to notice us at all. Jessica led me to an ordinary looking door in the basement. What I wouldn’t give for some fresh air. The hall was dim because a bunch of the lights were burned out.
Out of nowhere foreboding flooded into me. I stepped on Jessica’s foot trying to get away from it.
She touched my shoulder lightly. “It’s going to be okay. I really appreciate you doing this. You have no idea how much.”
She sidestepped the door as I opened it. I smiled at her then yelped when I saw Roger Wayne glide into the hallway.
Jessica whirled around, eyes wide. Alex followed Roger out of the room. Roger looked back and clenched his fists. “Do I have to tell you guys everything? Get out here.”
Two burly men staggered out of the doorway. I didn’t recognize either of them. Satisfied, Roger turned and leered at us.
I raised my brows at him. “I’m sure if you look hard enough, you might find some brawn that comes with brains.”
He glared at the two giants; they looked confused. “What are you flushed turds waiting for? Get her!”
My fear overrode my urge to giggle. I was going to have to remember that one, though.
I grabbed Jessica’s hand and ran. I had no idea where I was going, so I let her ahead of me. Her pace was too slow. They would catch us if we didn’t hurry. She raced through the first door we came to then came up short. I slammed into her as her body flailed to keep from falling.
Taylor approached us smiling gloriously. Roger caught up to us and pulled me roughly against him. I shot Alex a pleading look, but he glanced away. That told me all I needed to know about him.
Taylor soundlessly reached out a hand toward Jessica. He didn’t even look at me. She blinked hard and shook her head. With what appeared to be enormous effort on her part, she backed into me and slipped a note into my hand.
Roger pushed us both forward then pulled me back. Jessica turned, giving me a farewell smile. “I’m sorry,” she said. Tears streamed down her flushed cheeks. “Tell Adam I’ll miss him. Ask him to forgive me.”
How did she think I would be around any longer than she would? Her words were those of someone desperately in love. The way she had acted with Adam made perfect sense now. “Fight it,” I screamed. “Don’t let him in your head. Build a wall. You have to fight it!”
For a moment I thought she might be able to resist him. She retreated a few steps but halted at Taylor’s command. The air picked up around us, blowing dirt into my eyes. My hair whipped violently around.
Roger pulled a strand out of his mouth, and yanked me toward the other end of the tunnel. I fought him, but he threw me over his shoulder as if I were a five year old. I looked up as Taylor took Jessica into his arms. She smiled at him as though he was the only man alive, her real life completely forgotten.
I pummeled Roger’s back, but he just ignored me. Jessica didn’t react to anything I shouted at her.
Someone stepped from the shadows. At first I thought it was Zach. I was wrong.
Luke smiled charmingly before he turned a warning expression to Roger. “I sincerely hope you were not planning to renege on our agreement, boy.”
Roger twisted around slowly. I could feel his tension when he set me down. “Whatever would make you think otherwise?”
Luke stalked toward me; Roger skittered away. The other men were already out of view.
I felt Luke trying to break into my mind. He blasted at my walls, but for now they were holding.
“Interesting,” he said. His graceful brows furrowed before he came at me stronger.
I gasped. Cracks were forming. I couldn’t retreat and concentrate at the same time. He broke through my barrier when his hand came to rest lightly at my nape. I couldn’t take the physical contact and combat him mentally.
“I don’t want to see this,” Alex spat as though the scene repulsed him. I thought he had already gone. Why wouldn’t he help me?
The door shut. Silence reigned. Luke brushed the hair from my face. His eyes were kind. His fingers traced my lower lip. “I have waited far too long for this.”
I shivered under his touch. My entire body ached with need. He was stronger than I had anticipated. My will faded into the distance like a faltering sunset. If I waited much longer, I would be gone, and some girl I wouldn’t recognize would emerge.
My eyes stung with restrained tears. This was it. I would never see my family again in this life. I would never get to laugh with Cassie. I would never feel Zach’s embrace. I thought it funny he was among those I would miss. I said a silent goodbye.
Luke’s cerulean gaze scanned over me warily. I smiled at him, imagining he was Zach. I licked my lips invitingly. He studied my expression but didn’t come nearer, so I pulled his golden face toward me.
His lips brushed mine then pressed firm. He groaned and pulled me flush to him. It had to be soon. I couldn’t resist much longer. I felt him at the door, knocking. He wasn’t supposed to do it this way, but I had counted that he would cheat.
I opened the door, gave him a sultry look.
And slammed it in his face.
He dropped me as though scalded. I gazed up at him, sucking in a lungful of stifling air.
My chest hurt. Every breath was agony. Why was I still breathing?
His brows furrowed as he slowly shook off his stunned expression. With pure determination on his face, he reached for me again.
I scrambled away. “That proves it,” I hissed. “You have no claim to me. I should be dead.”
His mouth turned in a disgusted frown. “How could you do that? Am I that repulsive?” His eyes were bright with unmistakable hurt as he backed away from me.
I stared dumbfounded. He was reacting as any man would. I had expected him to leave with a shrug void of any real emotion when his bonding attempt failed.
He stood a few feet back, legs in a wide stance, and crossed his arms. Why was he just standing there? He studied me for a while then he narrowed his eyes and stepped toward me again. “I feel you, Rayla. You have my element within you. Do you not recognize the connection we have?”
“I…” I didn’t know what to tell him. I could feel him as well, but I didn’t know him. His emotions scared me. He was full of passion for me, for life, for his people, but there were darker feelings, as well: jealousy, rage, hate, depression, even self loathing. How could he expect me to want to be with him?
He reached a hand out to me. “It has to be the tunnels. It will not be the same when you are in my land.”
I jumped to my feet. “Leave me alone!”
He spoke in a monotone, “I cannot do as you ask.” The heat in his eyes turned cold with resolve. “You will be mine one way or another.”
I set my shoulders. “I do not love you. I don’t know anything about you.”
My words made no difference in the hard set of his shoulders or his unwavering expression. “The dark court needs you. I need you. Love can come later.”
He was from the dark court? What did that mean? Besides I already loved Zach and look where that had gotten me. I felt something other than attraction for Luke, but I didn’t know what it was. Sympathy, maybe? This was way more complicated than I wanted to feel. I slunk away from him. “I can’t go with you.”
For every step he came closer, I retreated two. I had no idea what to do now.
A heavy weight encircled my throat. I jerked it off. Pearls the size of grapes clattered to the ground. I had never seen anything so pretty. The weight was back instantly. I reached up and slid my fingers wonderingly across the necklace.
He smiled warmly, knowingly. “I can give you riches untold, but so much more than that.”
Heat flooded through me as he attacked my senses. Regretfully, I was not immune to him. I gasped for breath as my pulse raced. My feet slowed against my will.
“Have you ever felt the full measure of passion, Rayla? Has any man ever shown you how special you are? How extraordinarily beautiful you are?”
Not even Zach had affected me so strongly. How was that possible? I closed my eyes, hoping it would give me an edge, and shoved him back. He didn’t relent. He covered me in a flood of emotion.
If only I would give him a chance, I would see he was the best one for me. If only I would open up to him, he would help me understand what we could be together—what we could do together.
“No!” My scream echoed around us, giving me strength. “You cannot have me!”
His onslaught vanished suddenly. When I opened my eyes, bright light blazed through the dim corridor. I squinted from the glare. Then I jumped back.
It was coming from my hand. The light suddenly flickered and died.
Fear radiated from Luke. His voice was a harsh whisper. “What are you?”
A Rambo moment came to mind, but I couldn’t bring myself to say, “Your worst nightmare.” I let out a ragged laugh, surprised by the wildness in it.
Jett came rushing into the tunnel. Furor lined his face as he stalked toward me.
I blinked, recognizing something familiar. Memories flooded through me as a protective barrier shattered in my subconscious. I had seen this man when I was a child.
The scene replayed as though it happened yesterday.
I rushed into our small living room to give mom a picture I had colored for her. Pride shone in her eyes as I handed her my masterpiece. She hugged me and pulled me to the floor, tickling me mercilessly. I laughed, writhing to escape her light grip.
She suddenly went rigid, telling me to keep quiet. She picked me up and rushed me to the closet. She covered me in a strange sheer cloth and slammed the closet door, plunging me into blackness. I moved quietly and turned the handle, pushing until a sliver of light made me squint. I peeked through the door. Mom threw herself onto the couch seconds before Jett appeared in a thunderous clap.
He towered over her, blazing like a small sun, blasting her with angry sounding questions. I froze, not daring to move a muscle. I didn’t want him to find me. I had to keep him from finding me.
I couldn’t quite recall what he had asked, but the feeling of the conversation was still fresh. I watched as my mother cowered in fear before him. The blackness of her terror surrounded me in a hazy fog, seeping into my core. He didn’t stay long. The moment he left, Mom grabbed her purse, pulled me from the closet, and raced away from our tiny apartment into the night.
That was the day she took me to visit Aunt Grace, the last day I had seen her. I glared at the reason I feared the dark.
I walked up to Jett and slapped his confused face, hard. My voice was that of a mad woman. “What did you do with my mother?”
He took a ragged step back, touching his cheek. He narrowed his eyes for a moment then smiled broadly. With a look of triumph, he crossed his arms over his massive chest. “I knew you were mine.”





I gasped for air. I wanted to hurt Jett in every way possible. I wanted him to experience the fear and pain he had inflicted upon me. He was the reason I didn’t have my mother. He was the reason my whole life had been incomplete. I was nearly hyperventilating. “Were you the one that killed her?” It was all I could do to not collapse in a flood of renewed grief.
Jett’s dark face frowned in obvious confusion. “Rayla, your mother is as alive as I am.”
My hands flew to my mouth. I choked back a sob. He was lying. He had to be. Mom would have never left me with Aunt Grace if she’d had a choice.
He smiled, spreading his arms wide in placation and took a step toward me. Luke was seething, looking between the two of us. Jett’s gaze slid over Luke. His expression shifted to smugness just before he reached for my hand.
I plastered my back to the wall. “Stay away from me.”
His eyes were soft, full of compassion. “I can take you to her. You can be with her again.”
Luke laughed. “Is that before or after you bond with her?”
Jett spun on Luke. “You had your turn and failed, youngling. You might as well leave. This girl has already been promised to me.”
Luke grunted. “Elementals cannot be promised. It is forbidden.”
Jett narrowed his eyes. “I am the reason that law was passed. It does not apply to me.”
I took the opportunity to scoot toward the door, praying they would keep their argument going. They didn’t disappoint. The cold knob slid against my fingers. I turned it slowly and edged around the door. Soundlessly, I slunk backward until I hit into something solid.
“I specifically remember telling you to stay in your room.” I whirled around. I should have keeled over from the look Zach gave me. “Can’t you ever do anything that isn’t self destructive?”
I flew into his arms, sobbing. I buried my face in his shoulder.
He pulled me away from him. “What happened?”
What was I doing? I stepped back. He was one of them.
Curse my heart. I clenched my fists. My nails bit into my flesh.
It didn’t work. Impossibly, I was still in love with the man standing before me. Whatever he had done to me over the last week wouldn’t leave me, no matter how much my mind protested.
Luke’s voice erupted behind me, “This girl is different than any Elemental I have encountered.” He looked over at Zach who glared back at him.
Luke went on unaffected. “We have to take her to Tabitha. She should be the one to decide which of us will bond with Rayla.”
Zach went rigid. “I have already claimed her. She has the fifth element.”
Luke spread his hands. A ting of fear slid over his gaze.
Before Luke could say anything, Jett spoke out, “We do not dispute that, brother. However, she has the fourth and the third, as well.” He smiled down on me. “There is also the fact that this girl has been promised to me. She is the first daughter of Alithea.”
I glanced up at Zach. He glared at me. Oh, this was my fault now. What did I do?
Zach slipped a protective arm around my shoulder. “You can’t prove that. Alithea insists she did not have a child.”
Jett moved in front of us. “How would you know? You haven’t been to court in forty years.”
Zach pulled me behind him. “Rayla still has to withdraw from school and make an excuse to her friends.”
Jett’s deep laugh reverberated over the walls. “Her only human friend has been taken by the Order. There is no one left for her to say goodbye to.” An amber glow erupted from Jett’s outstretched hand. His eyes narrowed to slits. “We will not allow you to be alone with her.”
I stepped out from behind Zach, hands on hips. “He isn’t the one that tried to bond with me.”
The three of them looked sharply at me. Zach hissed, “What are you saying?”
Try as I might to get him to react, Luke looked as stunned as the rest of them. “Luke gave it a go just before you two showed up.”
Zach shot me a dubious expression as if he was staring at an exaggerating child. “You are alive.”
I rolled my eyes. “I’m aware.”
“She is mistaken,” said Luke over the top of me. “I did attempt to compel her.”
Of course he would deny it. I knew better. I shrugged. “Whatever. I’m going to my room.” I started for the door that led to Le Mans Hall.
Zach caught my arm. “That part of your life is over, Rayla. We must go. Taylor awaits us in the borderlands. It is not safe for him to stay long.”
“But—”
He took my hands. His eyes were full of sorrow. His voice was soft as a light snowfall. “It has been decided.”
Jett turned toward Zach donning a stunned expression. “I honestly didn’t think you had it in you.”
Zach gave Jett a curt nod and pulled me into motion. I didn’t struggle this time. What was the point? Even if I got away, they would find me. As it was, my whole family was in danger because of my stupidity. I wasn’t going to make it any worse for them. Aunt Grace had been right to protect everyone else. I was the one that did this. I needed to accept that. I only allowed myself one glance at the door to my dreams. That life belonged to another girl.



We emerged near the shack. Taylor sat on an old stump with Jessica on his lap. Her laugh sounded genuine. She touched his arm, gazing lovingly at him.
Would she ever remember what she had lost? Would she mourn the man that would never see her again? Did she even remember Adam?
I slid my fingers over the snuggly tucked note in my front pocket. Sister Mary Margaret mentioned that most Elementals wanted to be taken. Had their mothers prepared them for the bonding from birth? Did they grow up believing this was an honor? It seemed the kinder solution to me.
Jett was right. I no longer had ties to humans. Cassie had some sort of fae gift that sounded eerily similar to the first of my kind. My family certainly couldn’t be counted amongst the ordinary. Were Jenny and Sarah Elementals, as well? What about Travis? How did he fit into this? And then there was Uncle John? Was he part of the Order?
I couldn’t imagine it. He worked so hard all the time. We barely made it most months. Besides, he was one of the kindest men I knew or could ever imagine. How were Aunt Grace and Uncle John part of the resistance?
I was way more worried about what was going to happen to them than I was about me. My life had skipped to an alternate track without me even noticing.
Taylor and Jessica joined us on the narrow path. Jett led the way. We walked along like a funeral procession. There was no happy chatter to be found in this group. At least the birds seemed happy. Their song should have soothed me, but it seemed nothing could penetrate my heart.
The woods grew thicker the further we went. Although light spilled through the leaves occasionally, the luscious canopy completely occluded the sky. The glow was different in this space, as though there was an alternate source of light than the sun.
The tension in the men spilled over into me. Something was wrong, but they acted as if it wasn’t. I felt like a tattered rubber band about to break.
We walked single file. Zach was in front of me and Luke behind. Jessica followed him and last of all Taylor.
Or so I thought. I turned to ask Jessica how she was doing, hoping to spark some resistance within her. Luke tried to block my view, but it didn’t work.
The most beautiful woman I could imagine glided behind Taylor. She was nearly as tall as the men. Long blonde hair flowed down her slender body toward her waist. Her pale skin glowed faintly as though backlit by a flame. Her bone structure was delicate, but she was muscular. Her eyes were a mirror image of Zach’s with the same odd dimensionality, only they were bright green, not blue. Ainessa.
She smiled at me. It wasn’t exactly friendly.
The look she gave me was no different than those of her male counterparts. Shivers ran down my spine. She wanted what I had to offer.
I turned away sharply. Luke placed a hand on my back. I wasn’t sure if it was meant to reassure me or to claim possession.
Ainessa laughed, light as a spring breeze carrying the melody of distant birdsong. So why did it frighten me so much?
Jett stopped, holding up a halting hand. Taylor shoved Jessica next to me, crouching defensively to the side of us. The rest of the group circled around us.
I waited for something terrible. Seconds could have been hours. A light breeze brought a ting of something sickening with it, sweet, rotting.
A mournful baying rang out, closer than I was comfortable with. Another followed. And another. We were suddenly surrounded by the sounds of the ushers of death.
I covered my ears, gritting my teeth. Jessica looked at me curiously, as though my movements were foreign to her. Her gaze held no amount of recognition. I could have been any girl she had never met. What exactly had Taylor done to her? I didn’t think they were bonded yet, but she acted completely incoherent.
The wailing came closer. My pulse pounded in my ears. Why were we just standing here? Shouldn’t we run? We weren’t that far from the human border. I could be back there in thirty seconds, a minute at most. Okay, probably not, but the dire need to bolt rolled inside me. When I glanced between Jett and Luke, I froze. A creature out of my worst nightmare stalked toward us.
His hackles raised in a razor sharp arch. He looked sort of like a wolf with bushy dappled gray fur. That’s where the similarities stopped. Spiky horns stuck out of his tail like the quills of a prickly-pear cactus. His eyes were moons of black. The only color was a horizontal yellow pupil. He bared his gleaming obsidian teeth before he growled, low and menacing.
Luke brought his hands in front of him. A bright blue glow erupted from his palm. Tendrils of light swirled heavenward and disappeared through the trees. The canopy shifted sideways, revealing ominous clouds rolling toward us. Lightning flashed. The creature skittered, howling. Others joined in.
The ache in the sound shot through me. Why did I feel sorry for the beasts? I jolted as the ground beneath me shook. A gale force wind hit me. Pea sized hail pelted my scalp.
A cacophony of motion erupted. The creature lunged at us. Lightning blasted into it. It fell to the ground motionless. Steam sizzled up from a fist-sized hole in the body. I gagged at the normally welcome smell of roasted meat. The thing rose from the earth trembling as his flesh knitted back together. In less than thirty seconds the wound was gone. He bared his teeth again, a new intensity in his eyes.
A purple bubble surrounded Jessica and me moments before the fae broke the circle. They were on the attack now. The newly formed barrier jiggled at my touch but wouldn’t budge.
Jett spun, sweeping his arms skyward. The ground trembled then rolled. I reached for something to hold on to, finding no purchase. With another jolt, I bounced against the barrier. Jessica crouched into a ball and covered her head. The earth split apart all around us as volcanic explosions spewed into the air. Three of the creatures fell into the molten chasms. The horrible wailing rent my heart. Jett didn’t waste any time as another group of the beasts disappeared from sight.
I hadn’t realized how big the pack was. The instant some vanished, others emerged from the shadows to fill the vacancy. Each fae attacked the animals with his or her element. Luke pummeled them with icy hail the size of my fist and blasted them with lightning. Taylor caught them up in a tornado that carried several away. Ainessa’s hand glowed and a group vanished.
Finn. Where was Finn? I just realized he hadn’t been with us. What was he doing?
I noticed that one of the creatures had stayed back from the fray, pacing a few feet away. He was the largest one I had seen so far. Drool dripped from his glimmering fangs. His bright yellow pupil was trained on me. I skittered backward until I hit the barrier.
It lunged. I shielded my head bracing myself for a horrible death. Just when I thought he would reach me, I heard a thud. He had bounced off the shield, momentarily stunned. He sprang to his feet and began clawing at the only thing separating me from his razor sharp talons. To my horror he broke through briefly. I screamed. But the light knitted together before he could get through it.
Jessica looked at me as if I was insane. She sat cross-legged, calmly watching the action like it was a harmless movie.
Zach rushed behind the creature and grabbed it by the scruff. He tossed it as if it were a pup then clasped his hands in front of him. His arms flew wide and the creature exploded into a million tiny fragments of light.
Zach stepped through the barrier and yanked me to my feet. He bent to Jessica who stood on her own merits. His arms encircled both of us.
Space crackled around us in tiny explosions. I yelped, burying my face in his shoulder. This was worse than any carnival ride I had been on.
Vertigo claimed me. I couldn’t tell which way was up. My body felt as though it were disintegrating. He might as well have given me over to that creature. I was going to die.
Birds chirped happily around me. The sun blazed warm on my skin. Strong arms held me. Hysterical sobs racked my body.
“It’s okay, love. You’re safe now,” Zach said softly.
I raised my head to look at him then slammed my eyes shut from the glaring light. Spots danced in the blackness as tears ran down my cheeks.
I had been really sick once. I was in bed for over two weeks and had slept almost the entire time. One morning, Aunt Grace set my breakfast on my lap, telling me it was time I got better. She needed me to take care of my responsibilities.
When she flung the curtains wide, my eyes rebelled. They wouldn’t open no matter what I did.
This was a thousand times worse. I tried again. “Ah!” I screeched. More hot tears stung my cheeks.
Zach wiped my face. “I’m sorry, Rayla. I had hoped to bring you into Faeresia during the night.”
I couldn’t take the sensations blasting into me. Blazing heat burned into my flesh. I felt as though I were melting. My heart raced as if it couldn’t quite keep up with the sudden demands. Every sound penetrated my ears like a siren.
I buried my head into Zach’s shoulder. He wrapped his arms around me and ran a comforting hand over my hair. “It will take some getting used to. I wish I could remove your pain. You have to know I did not want it to be like this.” He kissed me lightly. His voice shook. “You will be safe here.” He guided me toward the ground. “I will return shortly.”
“No! Don’t leave me.” I clutched at his forearm, but he slid from my grasp. “Zach!”
“I’ll be back. I promise. Fexlie is with you. She will watch out for you until I can return. I must see to the others.”
I curled into a ball, covering my ears and shielding my eyes. Who in the world was Fexlie? Where was Jessica?
A tiny voice with a cockney accent erupted at my ear. “There, there, miss.” Impossibly small fingers slid over my arm. She laughed softly. “Oh, you’ve made a real mess out of things. Master has ever right to beat you until you bleed, but knowing him, he’ll kiss every inch of you instead.”
If this was her idea of comforting me, I’d hate to see if she was mad. I tried to glance at her, but my eyes still refused to open.
Jessica wailed a mournful sob. And even though it was irritating, in a strange way it was also comforting to know she was close.
“Where is my lord?” Jessica cried. “I don’t feel him anymore.” The anger of a crazed woman erupted with her words. “What have you done with him?”
Fexlie grumbled. “They’re all like this once the connection has been made. If you ask me, they’re worse than mechanical dolls for the first hundred or so years. Why the lords want pretend affection is beyond my meager understanding, but no matter. Nobody ever asks me anyway.”
“Where are we?” I yelled over Jessica’s blustering.
Pride was evident in Fexlie’s tone. “Master brought you home, miss. He’s sure to get in trouble for it, but he had to get you to safety. I told him he should have brung you weeks ago. You’re rightfully his, you know. He’s the first one what found you.”
I groaned. My head throbbed as though it were being squeezed in a vice. I stretched my body on the cool earth and rolled onto my stomach. If only I could see. I had no idea I had relied on my vision so much. I ran my fingers over what felt like blades of grass, but they didn’t collapse under my touch. They pushed back. I yanked my hand to my chest and sat up, unnerved. “I don’t like this place.” I turned toward the strange woman Zach had left me with.
“Would I could meet you good and proper, but that’ll come later.”
The space around me shifted as though pulled and snapped. Pressure slammed against my eardrums. That familiar popping sound followed. The fullness didn’t go away.
Strong arms encircled me, lifting me to my feet. I turned in his embrace, nestling into him. He groaned lightly as if he was as happy to see me as I was to have him with me again. Wait a minute.
Something was wrong. I pressed his chest. It didn’t feel quite right.
Instead of Zach’s familiar lilt, Luke’s unwanted accent rang out, “He had no right to bring you here.”
I scrambled away from him, nearly falling. He didn’t touch me. He spoke calmly, softly. “Rayla, I know you are frightened. I also realize I am the last person you want near you, but when lots were cast, I won.” The smile was hard to miss in his voice. “Taylor is here, as well.” His fingers brushed mine.
I pushed away from him. “Don’t you touch me! I want Zach. Where is he?”
Luke’s tone remained calm. “On his way to Lombarda with the others. We must hurry. Tabitha awaits our return. A carriage is ready when you are.”
I shook my head and sighed. I didn’t see any good options.
Strange noises exploded around me. Luke groaned in what sounded like pain.
“What have you done with Master?” Fexlie cried. “I should send you to the eleventh level of hell for this. You will not take her anywhere. I have strict orders—”
Luke’s tone was taut with annoyance. “Here are new ones.”
Paper crinkled. Fexlie’s small huff was unmistakable. She grumbled something about not believing Luke, but her protests faded into the distance. She was leaving me alone with him.
My heart raced at the thought. At least we would be riding with Taylor and Jessica.
I pried my lids open for a split second. Ugh. They slammed shut. I hadn’t seen anything but blinding light. The sound of solid footsteps reverberated around me and then past.
“I knew you would not leave me,” Jessica exclaimed. Could she actually see Taylor, or did she merely feel his presence? Her only complaints so far were that he wasn’t with her. Was he able to shield her from this pain?
“Of course not, my lovely one,” Taylor said. “Come.” The sounds of rustling cloth and groans of delight sent unease through my body.
The clunk of footfalls faded into the distance. My breath hitched. “Aren’t we going with them?”
Luke chuckled. His touch on my cheek startled me even though it was as light as a puff-ball. His tone was firm, demanding. “I am not going to waste this opportunity. I may not be able to compel you, but I’ll do my best to convince you.”
I stiffened my spine and gave every effort to glare at him with my eyes closed. “Don’t count on it.”
He laughed. His breath tickled my ear. “We’ll see how much I repulse you in two days.”
My words were a harsh whisper. “What are you talking about?” His heat seared into me. I didn’t want to be this close to him.
“Zach should not have brought you so deeply into his land. It’s a two day ride to the border. I will enjoy every minute of it.”
He lifted me into his arms. I hit fruitlessly at his shoulder. He didn’t respond at all. “I can walk!”
“I know,” was all he said.
I didn’t like being pressed up against him: feeling the thud of his heart beating strongly against my skin or his soft breath on my neck. At least I didn’t want to like it.
“Why don’t you take me back the way I got here?”
He walked up a couple of steps before setting me down on a velvety cushion. “For once I am grateful I don’t have the ability.”
“What do you mean?”
“Zach is the only fae to master… what word would you know? Ah…teleportation completely.”
He guided me gently backward until I was lying down. I didn’t bother struggling, but that would change if he pushed it.
Lily’s diary hadn’t done this part of her journey justice. Now that I was full-force into the experience, her descriptions seemed pedestrian. I was as helpless as a newborn in this strange new world.
The mattress shifted slightly as Luke settled next to me. He didn’t touch me, but he was close enough for me to feel his energy.
I opened my eyes to the wafting sheen of ocean blue silk, the covered windows, Luke’s reassuring smile. I rolled away from him with a muffled groan.
“You are adjusting rather quickly, Rayla. We haven’t begun to understand the extent of your power.”
I jerked away from his touch even though it would have been nice to allow myself the comfort he could give me.
He cleared his throat. “Why don’t you rest for a while? You must be weary. When you wake, we will talk.”
Nothing he had to say was going to change my mind. I stiffened when he molded his body to mine. I didn’t fight him because it wouldn’t have mattered if he was an ocean away, I would still feel his radiance. His call.
I was neither hot nor cold, but my body trembled. He hummed a soothing melody, stroking my hair. The tune worked like the ebb and flow of an incoming tide, lulling me into complacency.





I stretched long and languorous. The sultry scent of sandalwood filled the air. Birdsong wafted around me. I yawned. How long had I slept?
My arms prickled in the cool evening breeze. When I reached for the covers, my exposed thighs slid over satin.
“Let me,” Luke said softly.
I bolted upright. The top of my head was only a foot from the fabric ensconced ceiling. My jeans and sweater were gone. When I shifted to scowl at him, a glittering spaghetti strap fell from my shoulder. I yanked it up. His gaze traveled over my bare legs. I pulled the hem of the barely-there nightgown he had apparently put me in toward my ankles. “How dare you!”
An innocent expression slid across his face. He smiled boyishly. “I have not done what you have imagined, although I hope to one day—”
I narrowed my eyes. “You’re a pervert.” I rummaged under the sheets. The entire carriage was a bed. I was not staying here like this. “Where are my clothes?”
He stiffened, obviously offended. “I have not molested you in any way regardless of how much I wanted to.”
“Yeah, right. Who undressed me? Your invisible servants?”
He ran a hand through his wavy locks while his gaze roamed over my body.
“Stop it!” I screeched. I clutched the covers to my chest, but it didn’t take away the feeling of being violated.
Luke frowned at me as though I was the one with the problem. “You are a curious one. Most women crave this sort of attention.”
I glanced over at him, trying to ignore the fact that his sculpted chest was bare. “I am not most women, and I don’t know a thing about you. You have no right to look at me that way.”
His brows rose and fell before the teasing nature went out of his expression. “Very well.”
He didn’t move a muscle. He didn’t even blink, but where silk and satin caressed my skin moments before now rested the comfort of cashmere and linen. Even though I was modestly covered now, I still felt exposed.
He shrugged. “You see. I did not touch you; nor, to my dismay, did I see anything other than what you just did.” He smiled fully. “You, I think, might be worth the wait.”
I glared at him. “Never going to happen.” It just hit me that I could actually see without any pain. I pulled the curtains back. The whole world was aglow, although it wasn’t what I had imagined: a land with no night.
The atmosphere had been replaced by the dark stretches of space. The moon shone overhead surrounded by stars twinkling brightly in the sky above us.
My cousin Travis painted his room black a couple of months ago. I know, weird. He had also scrawled strange designs all over his walls. He begged Aunt Grace for a black-light, and of course he got one. His room was pitch black except for the swirling patterns. I hated to admit that the effect was really cool. When the lights were off and the curtains closed, I had felt as though I were floating in space. This was like that, only way more awesome.
“Beautiful, isn’t it?” Luke whispered. He settled behind me, reaching around me to point at the stars. “See there? Orion’s belt.”
This didn’t feel like Earth. Was he attempting to get me comfortable? That was not happening. “Why are we on a bed, Luke?”
He chuckled. His soft breath sent a shiver through me. “I had nothing nefarious planned if that is what you have imagined. I thought you would rest more comfortably. You have been through much lately.” He brushed my hair back from my face. “I want to take care of you.”
He sounded absolutely sincere. I wasn’t about to look at him.
He tugged on my shoulder. “You are not fully recovered. You should sleep some more before tomorrow.”
When I turned to scowl at him, his lips were inches from mine, inviting me. Why was he so beautiful? I scooted toward the back of the carriage. “What happens tomorrow?” I didn’t want to do it, but I yawned anyway.
“I wish I knew for sure. Zach has claimed you. Jett has claimed you.” His cerulean gaze lowered. “I tried to bond with you, but that failed dismally.”
I picked up a pillow and threw it at him. “You’re such a jerk. Why did you lie about it?”
He sat opposite me, resting his back on the wall. His long legs stretched out next to mine. “Not once did I consider you might reject me. If I had known, I would have waited. I feared one of the others would try, so I took the opportunity when it presented itself. The bonding is not usually done outside of Lombarda, but it isn’t technically forbidden. The ritual is sacred to my people. We celebrate each and every union.”
I shifted away from him slightly. A pained expression crossed his face, but he hid it quickly.
I wasn’t going to feel guilty for protecting myself. “Why do you want me so badly?”
He laughed. “I am no fool.”
I blinked pointedly at him. “Not an answer.”
He gave me a wary expression. I wasn’t the only one that was exhausted.
“Although we have resided here for millennia, Altasians are considered newcomers. It wasn’t until our arrival that the fae achieved greatness. We changed it all, but they do not recognize this. We need your power to gain the respect we deserve.”
I settled against some pillows. “So Faine followed one of your people into the borderlands?”
He narrowed his eyes, studying me. “I am not sure how you know that name, but I was the one she followed. I was also the one she wanted, but she was given to another.”
Given? Didn’t she get to choose either? “Who?”
A cold façade replaced his previously neutral expression. “Jafan of Eldrea insisted the strongest from each nation be considered. We cast lots. Ammon of Eirie won that one.”
Where had I heard the name Jafan before? “Why wouldn’t they let you have her? You found her.”
He crossed his arms over his massive chest. His muscles bulged under his tight cable sweater.
I gulped, studying him. My gaze locked with his.
He smiled, flexing. I looked out the window, reminding myself it didn’t matter that I was attracted to him.
He chuckled. “Gabriel gave us the sacred rights of the bonding ritual, but we did not fully comprehend what the connection would do to our power. Ammon was already one of the strongest of our kind, but he became more powerful than any fae. He never abused it, but none of us liked knowing he held an edge over us. That was when Tabitha suggested we start the tournament of lords.”
“Like jousting and stuff?”
He shook his head. “The elements are difficult for most of us to command fully although we practice daily. Every year, we compete. The strongest claims the right of the hunt. The rest get to choose from the crop.”
I frowned at him. “What the heck is a crop?”
“The Order provides a multitude of Elementals. All are eager for the bond. Some of us like the chase more than the idea of being in court again.”
“That’s what you guys were doing when you found me?”
He shifted his weight as though uncomfortable. I wasn’t sure if it was because he was tired, or if he didn’t want to discuss this with me. “We had been tracking an Elemental for some time when your energy sprang into existence. You were different. Ammon must have felt you, as well. He has not participated in the hunt for a very long time, although none of the lords in his land have ever been able to best him in the tournament. The only time any of them get a shot at the hunt is when Ammon is bonded.”
I thought I knew, but I had to ask. “Which one of you is Ammon?”
Luke’s eyes flew wide. “I had not realized I had used his given name. I should not have done so. Please don’t say anything.”
I chuckled. “Relax. I was just curious. What’s the big deal?”
“We have learned to adopt different names for protection.” He eyed me warily. “I should not be telling you this.”
I gave him a sincere smile. He was being so open with me. I liked it. “Protection from what?”
His shoulders stiffened before he looked me in the eyes. “I will not discuss this further. I have already revealed too much.”
“Fine,” I said, holding up my hands. “I understand. But why hasn’t Ammon been on the hunts with you?”
He shook his head. “You would have to ask him that question.”
I smirked. “That’s kind of hard to do when I don’t know who he is.”
“Exactly.”
Zach had to be Ammon, but I was still getting nowhere down the road of useful information. I wasn’t about to give up yet. “Is Jessica the Elemental you were tracking?”
Luke stretched, his fingers curving against the tufted ceiling. He nodded. “She was hard to find. It took us longer than it should have.”
Poor Jessica. She almost made it. To go nearly five years without being detected and then to be taken at the last minute anyway had to be horrible. It just wasn’t right. It was probably for the best that she didn’t seem to remember what she had lost. I hoped it would stay that way. I found myself getting angry again, but I tried to keep my tone from reflecting my emotions. “Why don’t you just take the Elementals that want to go with you? You said you have plenty to choose from.”
Luke gave me a curious expression. He reached out and touched my leg lightly. “Those provided by the Order are dampened. They claim nothing is being done differently, but there has been a distinct difference in Elemental potency over the past century. It takes more bonded fae to accomplish our tasks.”
“What are those exactly?”
“I can’t discuss it with you now. You will learn first-hand soon enough anyway. I honestly don’t know why I have revealed what I have.”
I did. He was trying to get me to trust him. And I was trying to not let it work. It was hard. There was way more depth to Luke than I had originally thought. Sure he had an agenda, but who didn’t?
I had so many questions. Now if I could just figure out how to get him to answer them. I shifted slightly. We were nearly touching.
He looked at me curiously. I smiled letting my eyelashes flutter. He frowned. I clearly wasn’t good at seduction.
Luke caressed my leg. I had to stop myself from purring under his touch.
He spoke softly. “What do you seek, Rayla? I will openly give you what I can.”
I looked at him through my lashes then looked away because I just couldn’t stand to stare at him. “I sort of know how the Order came to be, but I don’t understand its purpose other than to give your people easy access to Elementals.”
A cold expression crossed his face. “We should have never agreed to their terms. We didn’t see the harm until it was too late. Humans can be very useful to us, but they can also affect our power if we are not careful. As I told you, I have already seen a decline in our power that I am not sure we can fix.”
Speaking of power. “Luke,” I interrupted. “What happened in the tunnel? Why did my hand light up like that?”
He studied me longer than I was comfortable with. “I have never seen anything like it. I cannot tell you what happened because I don’t know myself.”
I didn’t like his answer. He was hiding something from me. “If you had to guess?”
He looked away from me. “Fae do not speculate.”
“Try?” I reached out and touched his calf. “For me.”
He sucked in a breath, gazing at the sheets. When he looked up, his eyes were intense. “I will if you promise to do something for me in return.”
His expression was hard to measure. I couldn’t quite place it. “Okay,” I agreed. “But only within reason.”
“Of course.” He smiled broadly as if he had just won a battle I hadn’t known we were waging.
He looked down as he came toward me. His blond waves framed his softly glowing face. I didn’t want the distraction of him being this close to me. He glanced up, a teasing light shining in his eyes. “Don’t be nervous. I must be near you to show you the answer to your question.”
I pulled my knees to my chest to get some kind of barrier between us. He was not acting like I had assumed he would. He sat cross-legged in front of me with his head cocked to the side and reached out a hand.
I narrowed my eyes at him, rubbing my aching neck. What was he up to?
His tone was commanding. “Rayla…” A puzzled expression slid across his features. “Are you sure that’s your right name?”
I scoffed out a laugh. “It’s the only one I’ve ever had. Why?”
He shook his head and smiled. “No matter. It feels odd on the tongue. I noticed the sensation when your friend gave us your name, but the subtle wrongness is magnified here.” He leaned forward and took my hand.
His touch was soft, comforting. His expression was unguarded. The longing in his gaze made my heart ache. This man had genuine feelings for me.
I looked away, and I heard him swallow. He released my fingers and sighed. I had hurt him. I knew it, but I couldn’t let myself fall for him too. Life was complicated enough.
His voice drifted softly around me. “It will make more sense if you can feel this.”
Why did it have to be Luke here with me? Any of the others would have been easier to fight. Even Zach. I was still mad at him.
I studied Luke while he gazed out the window. A defeated expression hid under his casual facade. He looked over at me, smiling briefly. “Ready?”
I missed his real smile. I nodded and held out my hand. His warm fingers encircled mine before his tropical gaze slammed into me. My skin tingled under his touch. A bubbling sensation flowed between us.
Tiny specs of blue light streamed through the open window, swirling around us like a cosmic dust-storm. Every shade of blue I had ever seen or could ever imagine danced around me.
A spicy scent filled the air. Soft and pleasing. Cedar and cinnamon? I couldn’t be sure.
The illuminated stardust gathered between our hands. It tickled. My chest swelled with anticipation. Luke closed his eyes. His jaw was set firm but his body was relaxed.
Power surged through my frame like a tidal wave. I swayed from the impact. Then the power coiled around my heart and ricocheted outward. Light exploded from my palm, radiant as a cloudless sky. Everything around me glowed. I giggled.
At that moment I knew I could command a thunderstorm or a light drizzle. I could have made the clouds disappear. I could have filled up an entire desert with one thought.
One thought. What if…? Cool snowflakes melted against my skin, sinking into my jeans.
Luke grinned at me, blinking dime sized flakes from his shining eyes. “You’re a natural.” His voice held the rapture of a kid discovering the joys of eating ice cream. He leaned over and whispered, “Now, make them disappear.”
I expected it to take effort, but with my command, they were gone—everything as it was before. Well not really. I wasn’t. “What else can I do?” I asked greedily.
Luke chuckled. “You better not right now. We have a long day ahead of us tomorrow, and using your power will drain you in the beginning.”
I frowned. Was he telling me the truth, or did he want me to remain unaware of my potential?
He touched my chin. “I would gladly spend the next millennia teaching you about who you are…showing you what you could do for your world and mine.”
Oh yeah. I had forgotten about the chasm between us. It grew wider with every thought of home, of family, of Cassie, of Zach.
Luke grunted, leaning into me, his face mere inches from mine. “Don’t leave me, Rayla.” His expression held a pain that tore at my heart. “Please. Give me a chance.”
Where was the cocky lord I met in the gift shop? The man in front of me held no arrogance. If anything, he seemed meek at the moment. Almost human. And way more attractive than I was comfortable with.
What was I doing? How could one heart feel so many things?
He laced his fingers through my hair. His sigh tickled my lips. Why were they so dry? He gazed into my eyes for what seemed an eternity. The reflection I saw in them was not how I see myself. That girl could do anything…be anything she wanted. She had the entire world at her command. She was queen of all. Capable and sure. If only I could be that person.
His lips touched mine, the kiss of a fleeting hummingbird’s wing. He brushed my cheek and sat back. “That is who you are, Rayla.”
I shook my head, looking away. I couldn’t live up to that image.
Luke moved opposite me again. “You will see, in time.”
I meant to glance at him, but our gazes locked. He studied me. I didn’t look away. There was no point. He had already seen what I didn’t want him to. I could tell from his expression. He knew I was vulnerable to him now.
The carriage shifted under me. My stomach turned over as I fell. Luke had his arms around me in an instant.
We sat next to each other on a velvet bench. I gazed up at him unsure what to make of what just happened.
He grimaced as though embarrassed. “I should have warned you. We have much to discuss. Since you didn’t seem to want to lie down anymore, I thought this might be more comfortable.”
I shifted away from him, and, to my relief, he released me. He moved back over to the opposite bench, pulling an ankle up to his knee. “I want you to know all of the facts before you make a final decision. The counsel is hung up on old traditions. They believe we have given humans too much knowledge. They think we should pull back.”
I leaned against the wall, needing the support. “And you don’t.”
His expression grew hungry. “It is in our best interest to work with humans. We should petition for integration. There is so much we can do to benefit one another.” He took a deep breath. “Humans dream of immortality without realizing the consequences of a state that has no growth. We live inert lives, Rayla. Humans could bring much needed change to my realm.”
“But I thought you were forbidden to interact with humans.”
He sat silent, staring at me then he looked at the ceiling, his gaze darting all around. Before I could speak, he flung himself to the floor in front of me and clasped my knees. I recoiled away as best I could in the enclosed space. He took my hands greedily into his, not letting me claim any distance from him. “That is why I need you so badly. You could change it all. You could make a new agreement with your creator.”
I gaped, sure I had misunderstood him. “You want me to petition God to let you into the human realm for good?” He was insane. I could see his vision now: invasion stories flooding every media source, conspiracy theories like never before, complete chaos. We were already doing a great job on that front without any help from the fae.
Luke clamped his eyes shut, shaking his head. “I am going about this the wrong way. I apologize. Forgive my rudeness. I don’t know what came over me.”
I rolled my eyes. “Stop groveling and get to the point.”
He inhaled sharply. “That is exactly what I am asking of you. It is the only chance my people have at a real life.”
“What do you mean exactly?”
He searched my eyes. “What we seek is the right of every living thing: to live without restriction. It has happened before, but there has to be a champion, someone willing to take on a whole system.”
He couldn’t possibly think I was that person. Could he?
He clasped his hands in front of him. He was still on his knees, and I was uncomfortable in a myriad of ways. I lowered to the floor beside him.
I touched his strong jaw, not able to help myself. “I am no savior, Luke.”
A look of despair crossed his eyes, but he hid it quickly. He covered my hand. “There is an expression that was popular in your world some time ago. Something about setting a carriage before a steed.”
I smiled. This guy was getting to me, and I didn’t like it. “I think it was ‘don’t put your cart before your horse’ or something like that.”
He grinned boyishly. “Yes, well. That is what I have done. I need to explain this better, but I am rushing. I will attempt to put it all in the right order.”
He lifted me to my seat and moved across from me again. He seemed to be thinking. I waited. And waited.
I cleared my throat.
He spread his hands. “I have no idea where to begin.”
His vulnerability made mine easier to bear. I know. Ridiculous. “Tell me about how you came to be on Earth.”
He nodded. Hope shone from his blue eyes. “Five million of us were banished from the presence of our creator.”
I frowned. “Why?”
He wouldn’t look at me and his voice was ragged. “Arrogance. We thought we knew more than he did. We went to what you would call his wife and asked for her help in persuading him. She had pity on us and started a campaign. Eventually, he agreed to our terms with the stipulation that if we failed, we would have to leave his presence.” A pained hurting creased his face. “You can guess the outcome.”
“Did you come straight here?”
He let out a puff of a breath. “I wish. All five fae races have a similar story to tell. We wandered the expanses of space for a while, hopping from universe to universe in an attempt to find a home.”
I purposely ignored that he said there was more than one universe. I didn’t want to get distracted. “So how did you end up here?”
He gazed out the window. I wasn’t sure what exactly he was searching for out there, but he didn’t seem to find it. “We learned of your world and sought refuge right away, but we were not the first to arrive. Those who were already here didn’t want to share this sanctuary. They insisted we leave. We fought to stay. Battles were waged. We won the right to be here, but they still treat us as less.”
“So there haven’t been any more fae come to Earth since you did?”
“They arrive all the time.”
I gasped. “But I thought you said—”
“We were among the last to claim any power. The rest gladly serve to have a place to be.”
I squinted at what he had just admitted. “You guys don’t sound any different than humans.”
He smiled radiantly. “That is my point. We have much in common.”
“Why don’t you petition God yourself?”
He lowered his head. “We tried once.”
Oh. Okay. “And I am supposed to get a different result?”
“I have to believe you could. We grow weary of this half-life. Even if integration is impossible, just having open relations with humans would help dramatically.”
I wasn’t sure how much I wanted to delve into his story anymore. I already felt sorry for him. I felt other things too, but I wasn’t going there.
My stomach grumbled. Fae in the next province probably heard it. I was hungry, but for some reason, it wasn’t as bad as the day before. Had Zach been right? Zach.
I missed him. I didn’t want to.





“Forgive me,” said Luke. “I have neglected your needs. Let us break for sustenance.”
The carriage slowed then rocked to a stop. The thought of fresh air brightened my mood. I took Luke’s hand and ducked to get out. Scents flooded into me. Flowers, trees, dirt, animals. It was too much. The beauty in a spring breeze was the crisp plainness, everything blended together.
I covered my nose. It wasn’t that the smell was unpleasant; it was just overwhelming.
“Are you okay?” Luke asked. “We could go back inside to eat.”
I shook my head, but kept my hand where it was. I had to get used to this place eventually. Hiding from it wasn’t going to help me. I lowered my hand and smiled.
He led me to a grassy knoll. An absolute feast lay before us. Luke sat down next to me. I didn’t mind so much, and I should have.
He gathered a few delightful looking pastries and fruit onto a plate and handed it to me. I nibbled on what looked like a grape, unsure what to expect. The fruit burst in my mouth. It was heavenly sweet, sort of like a grape but richer. The flavor lingered on my tongue. I grabbed a few more. The juice danced on my taste buds, revealing hidden subtleties. All the food was divine. I couldn’t decide what my favorite was, but I was leaning toward the fluffy tarts. I finished everything he had given me. I was sated. It felt good for a change.
Why wasn’t he eating? “Aren’t you hungry?”
He nodded, plopping an entire pastry into his mouth. “I didn’t want to miss seeing that.”
Heat flooded up my neck. I had to be crimson. I hoped he couldn’t see my embarrassment. I had probably made a fool out of myself, but I had been caught up in the newness of textures and tastes I could have only previously imagined.
Luke lay down, placing his hands under his head. I stretched out beside him. This was eerily similar to my first date with Zach. I felt as though I could reach out and shake Orion’s hand.
Luke spoke softly. “From here, it looks amazing.” His tone hardened with every word. “The cold expanse of space is much different when it is all you have around you.”
I looked over at him, tempted to touch him, to comfort him. “How long have you lived here?”
His gaze locked onto the stars. “We were the fourth wave. Have you ever heard of the Tuatha de Dannan?”
“I remember reading something about them. Didn’t they overthrow the Formorians?”
He chuckled, but it sounded false. “Close. The Fir Bolg. The Fomorians defeated the first fae on your planet. The Milesians defeated us. They won the land in our final battle. We were warned to stop the fighting or face eviction. None of us wanted a life with no home, so we divided the land and the power. Not long after that was when the lovely Faine flittered into and out of my life.” He laughed ironically as though trying to hide the open wound in his heart. He picked at a long blade of grass. It jumped onto his palm. As though it were a cat, he stroked it gently. Try as I might, I couldn’t find his kindness odd. “This is the most beautiful land in all of Faeresia.” His teeth gleamed in the dim light. “But don’t let any of my people know I said that.”
I looked around wishing I could really see the magnificence of the place. A fence-line glowed in the distance. Trees swayed. Florescent veins webbed under softly illuminated bark. The leaves shimmered. I didn’t know how it was possible, but the soft glow emanating from everything concealed more than it revealed.
Aside from a few oddities, it could have been any moonlit pasture. I had seen plenty of those before my twelfth birthday. After that, I couldn’t bring myself to leave the house if it was dark. I had felt vulnerable for some reason.
“Did you love her?” I asked softly.
“Hmm?” he said.
I looked over at him. He seemed more than distracted. I didn’t like the longing way he was looking at me. “Faine. Did you love her?”
The blade of grass skittered away, finding its place amongst the others, settling in. Luke seemed lost without it. “I was infatuated. I wasn’t with her long enough to develop true love.”
“Exactly how long was that?”
“Five hours.”
Great. We’d already spent more time than that together. Did he imagine himself in love with me?
He scooted up next to me, hesitantly reaching out a hand. I lifted mine to his. His emotions flooded into me. The fear had been replaced by a shining hope.
What was that other thing? The feeling was as intense, but he was suppressing it. I could tell it was costing him.
His expression turned serious. “I think I’ll take that promise now.”
“What?” I asked, feigning confusion.
“Remember. You promised to do something for me.”
Uh-oh. “What do you want?”
He caressed my cheek. Heat flooded up my face. I closed my eyes.
Luke moved closer. I could feel his breath on my skin. I knew it wasn’t possible, but I felt as though I could hear his heart beating.
He whispered, “Let me have one unguarded moment with you. Let me see you.”
“I don’t know how to do that,” I said softly.
I felt him probing the recesses of my mind and heart. I didn’t resist even though it was hard. He explored areas I hadn’t allowed myself into in a long time. How had he bypassed my walls? Were they that flimsy?
I relived the day Aunt Grace finally admitted my mom was not coming back. The first day I drove my car. My first kiss. The day I broke up with Brody.
The familiar pain slammed into me. Tears streamed down my face. I had trusted him; he hadn’t deserved it.
“Not all men are like him, Rayla.” Luke held me to him. “You have to know that.”
That was the problem. I didn’t. I couldn’t. Even though it had been three years since Brody, I still didn’t know how to trust. Yet in the last few weeks I had trusted nearly completely without reason.
Luke withdrew. He hadn’t pushed as far as he could have. He hadn’t taken advantage. I was in trouble.
He brushed my hair from my forehead. His fingers blazed a trail across my throat.
I wanted him to kiss me. I wanted to feel more of him. I wanted to know him.
“We should get going,” he said, lifting me as he stood.
Disappointment flooded through me. With a flick of his wrist, our picnic disappeared.
I followed him to the carriage, plain worn out from whatever had just happened, so I asked him for the bed. I needed a break from my feelings. Why wasn’t I stronger than this?



I woke up in Luke’s warm embrace. My head rested on his outstretched arm. He still slept. He looked peaceful—almost childlike.
The curtains were drawn and light poured through the window. I had to squint, but my eyes had adjusted a little.
Luke’s golden mane shimmered as if it were a small sun. A lock of hair had fallen onto his forehead. I reached out, brushing the softness from his handsome face.
His eyelids fluttered open. His gaze was bright, the clear color startling. He gave me his cosmic smile.
I felt a return expression spread across my lips. He was so beautiful, and it wasn’t merely a mask.
To my surprise, he hugged me. I let my body mold to his.
“Thank you,” he said softly into my hair.
I felt tears spring to my eyes. I didn’t know why. It wasn’t from the light even though I wanted it to be.
“For what?”
“Not pulling away.”
I cringed. I hadn’t realized what I was doing. How could I have feelings for two men at once? I didn’t know how it was possible, but I couldn’t deny it any longer. This sucked.
Luke stiffened. “What is wrong?”
I’m a sorry sap. “Nothing.”
“It’s fine if you do not wish to tell me.” He made me look into his concerned eyes. “Are you unwell?”
Good question. I was fine—all except for the conflicting emotions that were eating away at my soul. I felt as though I was betraying everyone I loved by having feelings for Luke.
A horn sounded. More followed in the distance until I could barely hear the low call. I scooted toward the window.
Luke tugged on my arm. “It is unwise for you to try that now. I want you to be as strong as possible when you face Tabitha.”
Was she the white eyed creature Lily had mentioned? I hoped not. “Who is she?”
He rubbed his stubbly jaw. “The closest thing we have to a real Queen. She holds no elemental power, but she is a seer. She was here before the first fae settled your world. She was alone. The last of her kind. No one knows where she came from.”
She sounded terrifying. I didn’t want to see her. I wanted to go to the out of the way attic room I had fought to get and sink into my comfortable bed. Why hadn’t Grace warned me about this life? I had no idea if I would have believed her. Maybe I would have ended up here anyway, but maybe not.
Thinking about her brought unwanted fears to my mind. I hoped she was safe. I hoped they all were. I didn’t want to do anything that would put them in further danger. I had already revealed their secret hiding place.
“Do you have a mirror?” I asked. If I was going to stare down the Queen of the fae, I wanted to at least look decent.
Luke laughed. He brushed his fingers through my hair. “You have never looked more beautiful.”
Uh-huh. I was really going to buy that. “I would like to see for myself, if you don’t mind.”
He got a funny look on his face as if he were contemplating refusing my request. Was it that bad?
“Luke!”
“Okay, fine, but I don’t think it is a good idea yet.”
I held out my hand. “Just give me one.”
A gilded mirror materialized in front of me. I gasped. The woman staring at me looked like my mother only with darker hair. I pinched my cheek. So did she. I made a face. She mimicked my movements. I had my mom’s gray eyes, but I had never seen them sparkle like this.
What was going on? I looked around the mirror. Empty space greeted me. I moved to the reflection again. “What happened to me?” I hissed.
Luke shrugged. “Your body is adjusting to your new surroundings.”
I grimaced, feeling my face. “I look older.”
He laughed. “You are nearly to your full maturity.”
“Huh?”
The mirror vanished. He placed his hand on my shoulder. “I told you it wasn’t a good idea. I think you look fantastic.”
I turned and frowned at him, punching his shoulder. “You would.”
He cocked a brow. “I will hardly be the only one.”
My hands flew to my curvier hips. “And just what exactly was wrong with the way I was?”
He blocked my second blow, capturing my hand and brought it to his lips, placing gentle kisses on my knuckles. His cerulean gaze penetrated through me. “Absolutely nothing. You are merely getting ready for the change.”
I’d done enough of that already. Thank you very much. I yanked my hand away and slid against the wall, folding my arms protectively across my stomach.
Luke sat next to me. He reached for my hand again, but I shrugged him away.
Grunting, he pulled my chin around. “Rayla, we don’t have time for this. I must know what you have decided.”
I gaped at him. “Nothing. That’s what I’ve decided. I don’t even know what my options are.”
“If you were any other Elemental on the planet, we wouldn’t be having this discussion. We would be doing other things by now.”
The hungry look he shot me told me exactly where we would be and what we would be doing. Unwanted heat crept into my face. I grabbed a fistful of silk and pretended to be mesmerized.
His tone had taken on a sultry cadence, his breath tickling the side of my neck. “You will have to claim what you want.”
I slid the slippery sheets through my fingers, not looking at him. “This whole thing is stupid. I’m not old enough to handle this crap.”
Luke straddled my legs. His face was inches from mine. “You can handle more than you think. You have done amazingly well without any guidance at all. I am truly astounded by you.” He reached out and cupped my cheek. “Don’t you realize how special you are?”
I shook my head. “It’s not like I have much to compare myself to.”
His tone was solid. “Never do that.”
I looked away from him. He turned my gaze to his.
“You have no idea the power you hold. Stop thinking as a simple human girl would. You are no longer that person. You are a queen. Act like one.”
I went rigid. How could I be a queen of anything?
The thunder of beating hooves startled me. Luke cursed under his breath. The bed was gone in an instant. I hit the floor and shook my head at him.
He gave me a quick sheepish expression, pulling me up and flush with his body. “I may never get to do this again. No matter what happens, you have to understand that what I feel for you is real.”
He crushed his lips to mine. His kiss seared through me as though he were trying to brand me his. I couldn’t make myself push him away. When the carriage rolled to a stop, he jerked back from me and wiped his mouth. I was still reeling from emotions I should not have felt.
Zach poked his head through the window. His expression went cold as it fell on Luke. “It took you long enough. Taylor’s been here for six hours.”
Luke shrugged. “Rayla was hungry.” His tone held a meaning I didn’t want to grasp.
Zach ripped the door open and held a hand out to me. “Are you okay? You seem a little flushed.”
I took a deep breath, trying to clear my mind. I had to think or someone was bound to do it for me. “I’m fine. I just woke up.” Taking a deep breath, I placed my hand in his and stepped out onto the glowing street, not believing the scene that greeted me.
I scuffed my shoe against the radiant cobbles. Were they really solid gold? Zach handed me some shades. I gratefully accepted. I didn’t want any of the fae to see the wonder in my eyes. I tried to act blasé about the place, but I was finding it rather difficult.
The streets were lined with shining blooms in every color of the rainbow and a few more my mind had trouble processing. A breeze brought a multitude of scents I didn’t recognize with it. All pleasant. I breathed in deeper.
“Careful,” said Zach. “Not too much at once.”
It was a little late for that. My head was already spinning. I looked back at Luke. He smiled warmly.
He’d accomplished what he set out to do. Darn him.
Jett strode up to me. His grin couldn’t have gotten any larger. “Welcome to Lombarda, my lady. We have been anxiously expecting you. You may ride the rest of the way with me.”
Oh, what an honor that would be. “No thanks.”
Jett frowned. “I am the only one of my brothers that has not been given ample time to get to know you. You would not deny me your company.”
“Uh, Yeah. I would.” I shoved past him. “I don’t like you.”
Luke and Zach busted up in laughter. I glared at both of them.
Jett caught up to me, snagging my elbow with a locked grip. “It is my right.”
I leaned angrily toward Jett. “I don’t give a flying fig what you think or want. It’s not happening.” I yanked my arm away from him, steeling my gaze to his. “Ever.”
Zach stepped between us. “Who would you like to ride with?”
I did a double take. He was giving me a choice? “I…” I hadn’t noticed the horses because I had been too focused on their riders.
Bottomless obsidian eyes penetrated through me. The pegasus reared back. His wings spread wide. He pawed at the ground, snorting. I trembled before the hellish beast, not sure what to do.
Zach folded me in his embrace before he whispered, “He likes you.”
That thing couldn’t stand me. I could feel it radiating from him in sharp waves. I hate you. I hate you. I hate you.
I stiffened. “I am not getting anywhere near him.”
Zach crowded me with his big body. “You are being ridiculous. Styx is just excited to see you.”
Bull crap. “I would rather walk.” I turned on my heel and stopped short. Jett was right behind me. I refused to even acknowledge he was there.
“It’s really far,” said Zach.
Luke was suddenly next to me. “You heard her. She doesn’t want to go with you.”
I looked between them. Dark and Light. Each one perfect. How could I choose?
I gave them both my impression of imperious. “I desire to walk.”
I sidestepped the group and headed toward the city. Jett took his turn at laughing. The sound hit me like a shockwave. I shuddered, but kept moving.
The three of them skulked behind me. I was soon too overwhelmed with what I was seeing to pay any attention to them. I lowered my shades. I wasn’t ready. I blinked back tears and replaced them. Shimmering crystal towers jutted above three story golden gates.
Who were they trying to keep out? King Kong?
We had to be at least a mile away from the enormous castle. Pastures of swaying tall grass flanked the road. Cute little cottages were nestled against the enormous redwood tree-line. People flowed out of the houses, coming toward me. Luke stepped to my left, Zach to my right. I could feel Jett’s solid steps dogging mine.
I looked into the faces of the hopeful. Why were they staring at me like that? They were beautiful people, but there wasn’t one single child among them.
What a sad existence. Children were the gift of God.
I grimaced. Oh, yeah. These people didn’t have one of those. I felt sorry for them.
Every person bowed as I passed then dropped to a knee. I was not royalty, and I didn’t want people treating me like that. I was no better than they were. So what if I had mystical power. They did too.
A black blur flew above us as if scouting for trouble. I wished he wasn’t so close. That thing scared the heck out of me.
The gates to the city swung wide as if in greeting. I braced myself for something spectacular.
It was. Just not what I expected.
I stared at a medieval village. The people within were dressed in their finery: shimmering silks and satins, rich velvets, impressive brocades. I felt completely underdressed.
Then I realized I wasn’t. Somewhere along the way, I had been draped in a glowing white ball-gown. Yeah. That looked good with my sun glasses. I didn’t know why I cared what these people thought about me, but it might have something to do with the expectations in their eyes.
The road wound upward to the castle. A grin spread along my lips. I was actually going to see a real one. And this one was cool. It was made entirely of crystal.
I could feel the multitude following us. Their emotions swirled around me, mingling with my own. Did they do this for every single Elemental?
The brightly colored buildings rose high above us. The one on the right gleamed as though built with ruby bricks. It couldn’t be, but that’s what it looked like. The next one shimmered iridescent in the bright sun-like opal.
I leaned over to Zach. “Are these made out of what I think they are?”
He smiled down on me, seemingly pleased I had asked him. “They are.”
I closed my gaping jaw. “But I didn’t think gems came that big.”
He chuckled. “We do not hide our wealth underground or in vaults. We keep it in the open for all to enjoy.”
I felt a pang of frustration having grown up in a relatively poor family, and there were so many people in my world way worse off than we had been. One sculpted brick could have provided for my entire town for the next hundred years.
The street narrowed as we drew closer to the castle. I looked behind me. A sea of people followed us.
We came to a grove of trees. The leaves were a brilliant orange, like the new bloom of a poppy. There was no breeze to speak of, but they swayed together as if dancing. I watched them as I passed under the glowing archway.
Gasping, I stopped to take in my first real view of the castle. My fingers flew to my mouth. Luke and Zach laughed, each placing an arm around me. I could feel them swatting at each other, but I didn’t care. I was looking at the most beautiful scene I could ever imagine.
A waterfall rushed from the top of the fairytale castle into a cloudy mist at the base, making the entire structure seem as if it was floating. The cool spray prickled my skin. Colorful birds flew overhead, singing an enchanting melody. The fragrance of the air became more intense with every breath. My head felt funny. I tried not to sway on my feet, but the experience was overwhelming.
The castle was enormous. The iridescent spires were capped in gold. The glowing blocks of stone were almost transparent, sort of like a shoji screen. I squinted, trying to catch a glimpse of the inside. Rushing forward, I picked up my skirts and skipped down the path enjoying this entirely too much. I couldn’t keep from smiling in wonder. I twisted and turned to see the source of every new sound. There was so much to take in. Weakness drained my body, but I didn’t want to miss anything at all.
The image before me swam. I blinked, but everything was skewed. When excruciating pain shot through my skull, I clutched my head then fell to the glowing earth.



Dove gray eyes gazed into mine, searching.
Too close.
Shocking white hair piled into a messy array. The scent of jasmine floated over me. A wild giggle, a prodding of skin.
Hungry blackness.






I lay in a bed cocooned in soft cloth, my muscles abnormally stiff. Downy pillows rested under my neck. Sensations came slowly. Soothing sounds of birdsong. The scent of leather and sandalwood. I blinked a few times just to make sure I was actually seeing this.
Luke and Zach were playing a game of chess over in the corner like old friends. The alabaster and jet board mimicked the differences between the two men. I tried to keep quiet. They laughed softly. I smiled fractionally.
They were the two most stunning men I had ever seen. I could feel the weight of a decision I didn’t want to make looming over me. How was I supposed to choose one of them? If I picked one, I would hurt the other. I didn’t want to care, but it was too late for that. I turned away.
If I couldn’t escape, maybe I should let that feral looking woman do it for me? She had been here recently. Her scent lingered beneath the others.
I heard the scrape of a chair against stone. Zach’s beautiful face hovered above me. Luke’s golden one not far from Zach’s.
I groaned, trying to sit up. Why was I so weak? I felt as though I was coming out of a deadly fever.
“Let me help you,” Zach said softly. He leaned into me and lifted me upright.
My pulse raced as always at his nearness. I breathed in deeply, hoping it would help. It didn’t.
Luke propped the pillows up behind me. His arm brushed mine. My heart couldn’t take this. I needed some space. I shifted away from them both.
To my surprise, neither one seemed offended. Zach offered me a drink.
I downed it greedily. “How long have I been out?” My voice cracked as though I hadn’t used it in a decade.
Luke sat on the bed. Zach moved to the other side. I didn’t get the look that passed between them. Had it been that long?
Luke grasped my fingers lightly. “We were beginning to worry you would never recover.”
“What happened to me?”
Zack spoke up first. “You do not have the protection of a solid connection. We tried to get Tabitha to choose one of us to complete the process, but she refused. She wasn’t sure which of us you belonged to.”
That made two of us. Maybe she wasn’t as crazy as she had seemed.
Luke grimaced, “Nothing like this has ever happened.”
I smiled weakly at them. “There’s a first time for everything.”
My words didn’t have the effect I expected. They both glared at me. Again, my fault.
Giggling women rushed into the room. They pushed at Luke and Zach, as if they could budge a statue.
Zach smiled down at me. My heart fluttered. I felt ridiculous.
“Time to leave. They’ll sick the royal guard on us if we don’t,” said Zach, smiling.
Luke brushed my fingers. “Just go with it. They won’t hurt you. This is an honor for them.”
A bit of my happiness left when they did. One of the women came to my side. She handed me a plate of food, smiling kindly.
“Thank you,” I said. I nibbled at the delicacies feeling too nervous to really eat.
The woman brought a hot pink melon to my lips. “You need your strength. Please, mistress, eat this.”
I obliged, but my stomach rebelled a little. I found I didn’t have the strength to refuse her. I finished everything on the plate and downed the drink she had given me. Hopefully it wouldn’t make a return journey.
The other two women pulled my covers away. I shivered.
“Are you cold?” one of them asked.
Wasn’t it obvious? I nodded anyway. She closed her eyes and warmth caressed my skin. I smiled at her.
“My name is Grindell.” She pointed to the woman standing next to her. “This is Elise.”
“I am Shaerie,” the woman that had given me the food said.
They would be hard to tell apart. They all were tall with flowing blond hair, golden satin skin, and blue eyes like Luke. Were they his sisters?
“We need to get started. You will come with us.” Her words held a subtle but undeniable command.
I took a deep breath, steeling myself for what was to come. “What are you going to do?”
“Prepare you for the ritual,” Grindell said as though stunned I didn’t already know what was going to happen.
The cool glowing tiles chilled my bare toes. The lovely pink satin nightgown I was in didn’t do much to take away the chill. Might as well get it over with. When I stood, I swayed a little.
Shaerie placed a hand at my elbow. “This way, miss.”
She led me down the hall to a large bathroom. A Romanesque steaming pool rested in the middle of the room. We had to be up pretty high. Blue sky shone through the Grecian columns. There were no outside walls or windows.
I felt my clothing disappear and swallowed hard. Thankfully, the women didn’t look at me as we proceeded into the water. I dipped underneath, the warmth spreading through me.
This wasn’t ordinary water. My insides sizzled with something intangible yet frightening. Would I even recognize myself when this was done? My scar prickled with sensations, not alarming, but strange none the less. I had expected it to vanish, but it was still there when I stood up. Oh well. I sighed as the women washed my body and hair. We emerged from the pool completely dry. They rubbed oil all over me.
In another instant, a new gown caressed my skin, white and weightless as a cumulous cloud. I ran my fingers along the shining fabric. It was sort of like silk, but I wasn’t sure.
“The fibers are collected from the nest of the alspeca spider,” Grindell said as if reading my mind.
I cringed. “This is made from a spider web?”
“Not so different than wearing the cocoon of the silkworm, I think.”
Eww. I didn’t want to know this. Even so, the fabric was light as chiffon. I shifted some through my fingers. It caught the light, reflecting a prism on the wall. Beautiful.
Elise led me to a bench overlooking the green valley. She guided me down when I stood rigidly in terror. I didn’t like being so close to the edge.
Her gaze slid over the picturesque scene. It was stunning. I didn’t want to think about how high we were, or the fact that nothing shielded me from the open air. One shove and I would plummet into the mist below.
“There is no place in your realm that compares to this, don’t you think?” Grindell said from over my shoulder.
“I wouldn’t know,” I said sadly. “I didn’t exactly get out much.”
They laughed. The sound was comforting. Maybe these people weren’t so different than humans. From their perspective, I wasn’t even human.
A familiar laugh rang louder than the others. The women around me fell silent. I whirled around. Ainessa stood a few paces back. What was she doing here?
She looked pointedly at the women. “Leave.”
They scurried out of the room faster than I could tell them to stay. I didn’t want to be alone with Ainessa. She scared me almost as much as Jett did.
She sat beside me, black skirts rustling. Her gown flowed seamlessly over her flawless frame. Her gaze slid over the valley below.
She snaked her hand over mine, pulling me to my feet. I struggled but she was strong. Was she going to throw me over the edge? My heart beat wildly as she tugged me closer to my doom. Her fingers dug into my shoulders, and she stepped behind me.
“Take a good look, Rayla. This is what you could rule.” Her voice drifted to wistful. “I could teach you how. None of the lords spend more than a few weeks at court. They don’t even know what is happening within their lands. You need someone to guide you.”
She turned me around and gave me a hug. “We could be sisters. The women here need you. This madness has gone on long enough.” She pulled back, a pleading look on her face. “Help us.”
“I…”
She shook her head. “You needn’t decide now. Just think about it. I would not control you like a lord. You could have anyone you want, anytime you want. You wouldn’t be stuck with one of them.” When I raised a quizzical brow at her, she said, “Yes that is what I am saying. You could have them all.”
Was that really supposed to be appealing? I had never understood that sort of desire, but what if I didn’t have to choose between Zach and Luke? It sounded nice on the surface, but I couldn’t be that way. One man was all I wanted.
She must have read my resolve. “What I meant was that your options with me are limitless. With my brothers, you will be consumed once the bond has been made. Look at what happened to your friend. Elementals never fully recover from that sort of connection.” She started for the door, turning back with a smile. “Think about it. We could start a revolution.”
Without another word, she glided out the door. I slunk to the bench and buried my head in my hands. I didn’t want this sort of responsibility. I could imagine being overshadowed if I bonded with Jett, but Zach or Luke? Neither man would do that to me. They had both proven that.
Zach had succeeded in getting me to fall for him in a big way. Even though I didn’t like to admit it, he could have taken me anytime he wanted.
Luke was sweet and vulnerable. His turbulent emotions didn’t disturb me now that I knew why he felt that way. I had to stop thinking about them.
Hurried footsteps clanked on the crystal floor. I spun around. Zach rushed into the room and pulled me to my feet. His gaze slid over me briefly before he crushed me in his arms and stroked my back. I could feel the tension leave him with each pass of his hand.
He sighed, pushing away from me, and studied my face. “I would have sent her to the blackest hell of outer darkness if she had harmed you. I’m so sorry. I was only distracted for a moment. Did she threaten you?”
I smirked, shrugging. “She wanted to be sisters.”
He laughed, a higher pitch than usual, but worry furrowed lines into his forehead. I reached up to straighten the crease between his brows.
He closed his eyes the moment my fingers touched his sweat glistening skin. With timid fingers, I traced the line of his strong jaw. He leaned into my hand, covering it with his.
“I’ve missed you,” he said.
His touch was so familiar, his presence comforting. Not having him in my life would be unbearable. “Me too.” I smiled at him, loving being close to him like this.
“So.” A grin spread slowly along his lips. “Are you over being mad at me yet?”
Was I? Mad was not the right word. I was disappointed. I had believed Zach could help me ditch a life I didn’t want. “I guess.”
He scrunched up his face. “That’s reassuring.”
Luke charged into the room. Zach didn’t step away from me. He placed his arm possessively across my shoulders.
I didn’t know what to do, so I gave Luke a small smile.
Luke glanced at me briefly, emotionless. “The assembly is waiting.”
Zach turned me to face him. His expression was as serious as I had ever seen it. “No matter what you decide, I will always be here for you. I love you.”
I glanced over to the door. Luke was already gone.
Zach pulled me into him and covered my lips with his. His kiss was sweet, barely a hint of passion at all in the beginning. That didn’t last long. I was soon being devoured, but I could have happily gone on like that for hours. I took whatever he was willing to give me. Pulling him closer, I ran my hands up his chest and slid them around his neck. I didn’t want it to end, yet he stepped away from me too soon. He gave me a once over, smiled wolfishly, and walked out of the room.
I placed my hand over my pounding heart and took a deep breath before I followed him down the hall. He led me to the base of a grand staircase. Motioning for me to take the steps to the left, he took the right.
I glanced over at him several times, but he climbed formally. What was he thinking? Was he as nervous as I was?
He met me at the top and offered his arm. I gratefully accepted, feeling a bit overwhelmed. I had no idea what was about to happen, but it seemed more bearable with him next to me.
Trumpeters sounded our arrival. This was it: The beginning of my new life.
Zach ushered me onto a glowing terrace. A crowd cheered as I entered the space. I was so close to covering my ears, but I didn’t want any of them to see how freaked out I was.
Zach guided me to the center of the terrace. The fivefold symbol was inlayed in gold, ruby, sapphire, garnet, and emerald. The precious gems sparkled in the sunlight. The glowing floor and sky lent a celestial feel to the rooftop. He gave me a reassuring nod.
I wished it could repair my shredded nerves. I scanned the sea of unfamiliar faces. The weight of expectation was clear in every gaze.
Drum beats rang out, primitive, basic and surprisingly seductive. A group of veiled dancers circled around me wearing brightly colored dresses, moving deftly to the hypnotic rhythm. I found myself swaying to the music.
The women closed the circle. My head swam so I closed my eyes for only a second. When soft fingers brushed my skin, I gasped. They hoisted me into the air, and then carried me forward. I tried to see where we were going, but the light coming from every surface blinded me.
They placed me gently on my slippered feet. The music stopped and the sea of people parted.
Tabitha stood in front of me. Her pale eyes were eerily fixed to mine. It was as though she could see me, but couldn’t. Was she blind?
I stayed where I was. She laughed the wild sound I had heard once before. Chills ran down my spine.
She danced around me, a feral thing disguised as a woman. Her white hair was piled haphazardly around her head. Dried leaves and twigs clung to the matted locks. Tendrils snaked down to her ankles. So I hadn’t been dreaming.
She inched unnervingly closer every time she circled me. I was tempted to follow her movements, but fear cemented me to the spot. I kept my face forward. She touched my hair, bringing it with her in front of me. She sniffed and released it. Her gaze shifted to mine.
Her dove gray pupils didn’t fix on anything. I was sure she was blind now.
“Is that so, Elemental? You know so much about me, do you?” She laughed her high pitched trill and snaked around me again, running her hand across my shoulders. “Poor Elemental. So far from a home that should have never been hers.”
What did she know about how or where I was raised?
A conspiratorial look crossed her delicate features. “More than you think, young one.”
Could she read my thoughts? I hoped not.
“Now you’re catching on.” She took my hand.
I yanked it away as though burned. Her gaze was like looking into a mirror, but instead of seeing a reflection, every buried secret within me came to life, reminding me of how inadequate I was.
“These are the things that define you.”
I didn’t want to be defined by my failures.
She stood in front of me. Her gaze trained on the ground. “Short-sighted. You cannot succeed without failing first.”
She snatched my hands into hers. Her grip dug into my skin. I yelped, trying to rip my fingers away. She wouldn’t let go.
“Needs a strong hand, I think.”
What was she doing?
“Too close to tell for sure.” With her eyes closed she swung her head around. “Jafan of Eldrea, come forward.”
Jett strode toward us. I trembled at his approach. No. This could not be happening. Anyone but him. I’d even take Finn at this point. Where was he anyway?
I threw myself onto the floor writhing to get away from her death-grip. I screamed at her to let go of me. I pleaded for help. No one moved. I fell silent after a few minutes, feeling foolish. The people looked at me as though I were insane.
I found Zach in the crowd. “Come get me,” I mouthed. The moment he moved forward, a group of burly men blocked his path. He stepped back but kept his gaze trained to me. Was he afraid of these men? Were they the royal guard?
Luke shouted, “She should get to choose.”
Tabitha held up her hand. Silence. Even the birds stopped chirping.
“Alithea of Eldrea, step forward,” Tabitha commanded.
A woman only a few years older than me glided nearer. I would know her anywhere. I sobbed out a silent, “Mom.” She hadn’t aged at all.
This was why she had left me with Aunt Grace. She shouldn’t be here now. How could she have had me and be here? Wasn’t that the opposite of how this was supposed to work? I had so many questions, but I didn’t dare even think any more of them. I had already revealed way too much from the look on Tabitha’s face.
The woman Tabitha had called Alithea stood by Jett, or, rather, Jafan. Her eyes scanned over me without so much as a hint of recognition.
My heart shattered. Couldn’t she see who I was? She couldn’t have missed the resemblance.
Tabitha reached out a hand toward Alithea who graciously accepted. “Jafan claims this Elemental to be your offspring. What have you to say?”
My mother bowed low then stood stoically. “That is impossible, Majesty. I have been bound these past fifty years.”
“You were absent from court during the time this child would have been born.”
“I do not deny that, All Mother. I ask you, in all reverence, how can an Elemental conceive when she is bonded? All progression is stopped.”
Tabitha seemed to consider this. She nodded. “You may leave.”
I watched my mom fade into the crowd without a backward glance. To keep from crying, I bit the inside of my cheek. I would not betray my own mother by being weak.
Tabitha turned toward Jafan. “This woman has made a compact with you?”
“Yes,” Jafan stated calmly. His deep brown eyes roamed over my body. “I was promised her first born in exchange for assistance. She comes from a long line of Earth Elementals, majesty.”
“What sort of assistance did you provide her?” Tabitha asked, her face serene.
Jafan shifted his weight. Could it be possible that he was nervous?
“I made a solemn pact to never disclose what was done.”
“I see,” said Tabitha. She held out her hand to Jafan. He greedily accepted.
“And you believe this girl to be that firstborn?”
“The likeness speaks for itself,” he said. His gaze and stance did not waver in the slightest.
A surge of power shot up my arm. I thought Tabitha didn’t have control over the elements? More power shot through me. I doubled over. What was happening? I groaned in pain.
“It would be a good match,” Tabitha proclaimed.
Jafan smiled. His gaze was full of smug possession.
“No!” I screeched. “I will not be bound to him.”
Tabitha twisted a wry expression at me. She squeezed my fingers until I let out a cry as my pain intensified.
When I finally wrenched my fingers from her grasp, she turned a scowl on me. “You cannot hide any longer from your fate.” She snatched my hands again quicker than I could get away.
I pleaded for the elements to aid me. Particles in every color shone all around me in that impossible cosmic storm. I felt their strength as they surged through my body. My palm glowed bright white. I yanked free of Tabitha’s grip. “I make my own fate. Not you!”
The crowd gasped. Luke looked proud. I gave him a slight nod.
“Your highness!” came an urgent cry. “Your highness, please stop this.”
I wrenched my neck around to see who it was. The movement took more effort than it should have. I was on the brink of collapsing again. I was too weak for this fight, but I wasn’t about to let anyone else know that.
Finn raced toward us, the crowd parting like the Red Sea. Cassie was on his heels. He held her hand.
Tabitha laughed. “Feandan of Ignis. I thought not to see you this go around. Am I mistaken, or have you not released your claim on this Elemental?”
Finn bowed low. He still had a hold of Cassie’s hand. I couldn’t believe she was actually here.
I ran to her and threw my arms around her. She laughed, hugging me back. Her leg was healed. It had only been a few days, hadn’t it? Tears streamed down my cheeks.
“I have, your highness,” said Finn. “It is only a formality now, but I am here for an urgent matter.”
Tabitha growled low in her throat. “Why have you brought this human amongst us? You know it is forbidden.”
Finn went pale. “I have grave news, Majesty, that requires immediate action.”
“It will keep, lord of fire. We are in the middle of the bonding ritual.”
“But—”
“I will not hear another word until this task is done.” Tabitha gave Finn a look of exasperation. “You should know how important this girl is to our race. I have seen what has happened. We need her power to fight this plague.”
Tabitha looked over at me. Her gaze was too much to handle. She started scolding Finn. But I didn’t hear much of it because Cassie leaned into me. I wasn’t about to miss what she had to say.
“Great company you’re keeping these days.”
I shook my head. “As if I had a choice.”
“If I were you, I would stay here. Home hasn’t been a blast, either.”
I hadn’t expected that. “What happened?”
Her eyes held a suppressed pain that had never been there before. “Too much to explain now. Let’s just say that Roger Wayne has his grubby hands in a lot of things. They’re all gone, Rayla.”
“Who?”
She grimaced. “Your whole family. Castlerock has been deserted. It was the pig farm.”
“What?” I didn’t understand a thing she was saying.
“They were hiding hundreds of Elementals in the pig farm.”
“Why?”
“Exactly,” she whispered.
Tabitha had stopped berating Finn. She tapped my shoulder. I inhaled deeply, trying to control my temper.
I had to remember not to do that here. My head swam again.
Then again…I breathed in as much as I could. If I was unconscious, she couldn’t make me bond with Jafan.
“Think again, little girl,” Tabatha said, taking my arm and yanking me over to where Jafan stood.
He smirked at me. I kicked his shin. I’d forgotten I was wearing flimsy slippers. I gritted my teeth. I wasn’t about to let him see I had hurt myself far worse than him.
“Luthais, Ammon, come,” called Tabitha.
Luke and Zach stood in front of me. Neither one of them would look me in the eye. Were they really going to let this woman decide which of them could have me? Why weren’t they fighting her?
Tabitha shot me a warning look. She grabbed my hand again and reached out for Zach. As soon as his fingers touched hers, my insides exploded with pain. Tabitha laughed wildly. Was she enjoying this?
Luke was next. The same thing happened. I would die if she tested our compatibility again, which was exactly what she looked like she was about to do.
“Stop,” I pleaded. “I can’t take anymore.”
Tabitha let go of Luke and put her hands on my shoulders. “Do you have a preference, child?”





“I…” I looked between Zach and Luke feeling twenty shades of conflicted. “I need more time,” I said softly.
“We don’t have that to give you.” Tabitha’s back stiffened. “You will bond with Jafan of Eldrea.”
“No!” I screamed, backing away from everyone. The sky was the only thing behind me.
“Seize her,” screamed Ainessa. “You have not yet tested my connection to the Elemental!”
Where had she come from? I had forgotten I had to worry about her too. I glanced over the edge and back at the eager people in front of me. I shook my head. There were no good options.
I wasn’t about to let some wild woman decide who I was going to be bound to for the next few centuries. I wouldn’t.
Finding Cassie in the crowd, I gave her a look of goodbye. Finn would take care of her.
“What are you doing?” shouted Zach, racing toward me.
“Rayla!” cried Luke.
“I’m sorry,” I said. Zach was a finger’s breadth away from me.
Tears trickled down my cheeks. I smiled at him.
Then I jumped.
My heart thudded wildly. I hoped I was right, and I wasn’t actually plummeting to my death. I called the elements to my aid. A gust of wind shot up at me then sputtered out.
I fell faster. I called water to me. The only thing that accomplished was completely drenching myself as I still went whirling toward the wispy mist below. Why wasn’t I better at this? Fire wouldn’t help. Earth would just end my life sooner. What was I going to do?
I thought of a whirlwind, trying to visualize it lifting me out of this place. It was working. I kept my eyes closed. A gust cycloned around me. I could do it. I just had to…
“What kind of stupid trick was that?” came an unrecognizable voice.
I opened a lid. Ageless obsidian eyes gazed into mine. I screamed, but Styx was still circling me.
“What is your problem, Elemental? Have I ever harmed you?”
Was a pegasus really speaking to me? His lips hadn’t moved.
Styx grunted out a puff of purple smoke before he whirled around me again. “Open your legs wider.”
I snorted. “Like that’s going to happen.”
The irritation was hard to miss in his tone. “Just do it.”
A second later, I straddled the beast. Heat billowed off him in thick waves.
I hugged his broad neck. “I thought I was dead for sure.” Why was I finding it so hard to say thank you?
A rich laugh rang out. Could he read my mind too? Great.
He grunted. “You would have figured it out in time, but Ammon would never forgive me if I let you test your powers any longer. I couldn’t take any more of his idle threats.”
He banked left. Holy crap, I was flying. My heart sped up. The wind raged into me. I gripped his mane tighter, trying not to fall off. It was soft, but not quite as billowy as his feathers. They tickled my legs every time he beat his wings. I giggled even though I was still terrified.
“You are a strange one,” said Styx. “Imagine the wind flowing around you.”
Look who was talking. I closed my eyes, seeing the stream part. It wasn’t as bad now.
I glanced behind me. The castle was a bright spot in the distance. Why wasn’t anyone following us? I thought Tabitha would send the royal guard to chase me down once she knew I hadn’t bit it back there. “Where are you taking me?”
“The borderlands.”
I shivered. I’d had enough of those horrible creatures the other day or whenever it was. Zach and Luke hadn’t exactly been forthcoming about how long I was actually out.
“It is a treacherous place, but I doubt that it’s any less dangerous for you than anywhere else. We cannot be detected there. They will have to search on foot if they want to find you. Tabitha is more likely to let the lords figure it out themselves now.”
I didn’t want Styx reading my thoughts. There was a reason thoughts are private.
He chuckled. “It’s one of the many gifts granted to flying demons from hell.”
I felt embarrassed for thinking about him that way, but he was freaky.
“Thanks.”
He sounded so human. “Would you stop listening to my thoughts?”
“I wish I could.”
Oh.
The land was amazing from this height. The entire planet glowed with an inner light. The patchwork quilt of plant life covered Mother Earth. Finger Lakes gleamed in the distance. Where were we anyway?
The sun was setting, bringing a chill to the air. If it weren’t for the blessed heat coming from Styx, I would have frozen to death. Why was the human realm so different?
“Do you really want to know the answer to that question, or was it rhetorical?”
I nodded, as if he could see me. Oh yeah, he didn’t have to.
“It is part of being mortal. There are many things you do not see.”
That was comforting.
“You asked.”
My first impressions of this beast were wrong. He was being rather pleasant and kind of funny. “I thought you hated me?”
“Far from it, Elemental. I have been waiting for you for millennia. I used to enjoy living here. Not so much anymore.”
“Why not?”
The beast’s muscles coiled underneath me. Anger radiated from him. “They have captured my herd.”
“Who has?”
Styx slowed to a hover. He searched the ground. Was he looking for those creatures?
“There are worse things than hellhounds in this place.”
Wonderful news. I really didn’t need to know that.
He descended. Great puffs of dust whirled out with every flap of his wings. I coughed, shielding my face in his mane.
He touched down softly and stood still. Was I supposed to get off now?
“Up to you. You don’t weigh that much.”
“Are you going to finish what you were saying?”
He trotted over to a stream. I bounced on his back, sure I was going to fall off. I tried to tighten my thighs, but he was so wide.
He snorted.
“I wasn’t calling you fat, okay?”
Silence. Had I hurt his feelings?
His head reared back as he whinnied. He pawed at the ground then lowered his muzzle to the stream. I hopped down. Hitting the ground hard, I fell to my knees. Styx paid no attention to me as he guzzled the water.
“I’d like to see how you’d manage if you had to fly that distance?”
“I wasn’t trying to insult you. This telepathy thing is weird. How can you stand it? I’d hate having to listen to everyone’s inner chatter.”
He gave me a nod. That was it.
I cupped my hand and brought some water to my lips. It was icy cold and made my head hurt worse, but I gulped it down. I hadn’t realized how thirsty I was.
Styx wandered over to a grassy area under the glimmering branches of a gnarled oak tree. I finished another handful of water and ran after him. The sun was almost gone now, and I didn’t know how I was supposed to stay in this place knowing what was out there. Or, worse yet, knowing that even more horrible creatures could be lurking in the darkness.
As if on cue, one of the shadows detached from a tree fifty feet away from me. My breath hitched. I readied myself to call the elements.
The beautiful beast of a man strode forward, every bit as lethal as anything else I could come across in this place. The expression on his face was unyielding.
I backed into Styx who nudged me forward. I searched for an escape, knowing there was none. I would never be free of this man, and I wasn’t sure I wanted to be.
Zach smiled, sauntering toward me as though he had all the time in the world. “A bit rash back there, don’t you think?”
“I—”
He shook his head. “It doesn’t matter. You’re safe.”
If that were true, why did I feel like a little bunny trying to outwit a circling hawk?
Styx snorted. He was laughing at me.
I turned and glared at him. A purple-black flame roared from his mouth.
I somersaulted then staggered to my feet. I glared back at him. “Traitor.”
Zach laughed. “He has known me quite a bit longer than you.”
I looked at Zach, trying to keep my expression from belying how much I wanted him to take me in his arms. How much I craved his kiss. I couldn’t let that happen right now. I knew what his kiss could mean for me. “So, what now?”
Zach shrugged, inching closer to me. He stood directly in front of me.
There was no point in running. Where would I go that they wouldn’t find me? I knew better than to try to traverse this place alone. Besides, if I was really going to fight fate, I had to know more about what I was dealing with.
“It’s good to know you’ve found some sense,” he said, tracing a finger along my hairline.
I shivered. “You didn’t answer my question, as usual.”
He smirked. “Give me a minute. I was just trying to decide what I should do to you.”
“Don’t you mean with me?”
“If you insist.” He wrapped his arms around my waist and pulled me close.
I had thought it hard to breathe before he claimed my mouth. Breathing is overrated. I shouldn’t have participated, but I needed his strength, his reassurance. I had to learn how to find the will to resist him if I was going to ever get control over my life.
Someone cleared his throat. Luke. I could feel him behind me. What was he doing here?
Instead of pulling back, Zach deepened his kiss. I pushed away from him feeling more than a little awkward.
Zach sighed hugely before turning to Luke. “You have great timing.”
Luke shrugged, leveling a self-satisfied expression at Zach. “What’s the plan?”
“Finn will be here shortly. We have to deal with the Order before we can come to any sort of agreement where Rayla is concerned. The compact has been broken. Wayne’s house was full of Elemental research. The data I gathered is current.”
Luke nodded. “I was going to check on an island in the pacific before we started the hunt. The place disappeared from our radar three years ago. It reappeared last week.”
So that was what Zach had been up to at Roger’s. “How will we get there?” I interrupted.
Both men shot me an irritated scowl. Even Styx seemed to be conspiring against me.
Zach raised a brow. “After a stunt like that, you are not coming. And if you think either one of us is going to give you a say in this decision, you are deluding yourself.”
I looked over at Luke hoping for some softness and recoiled from the hard expression he shot my way.
“We gave you the opportunity to decide,” said Luke. “You didn’t. What happens now is no longer your choice.”
I threw up my hands. “What did you expect me to do, just let that crazy woman tie me to Jett?” I wasn’t going to use his real name and give him any idea where to find me. I never wanted to see that man again. I turned toward Luke. “Tell me more about that island.”
Zach gave a sharp look toward Styx. The pegasus moved between me and the men then corralled me toward the stream.
“Hey,” I said, backing up in spite of my protests. I yelled under Styx’s belly, “Bullying me won’t help either of you.”
Styx pawed at the ground in front of me. “Just move.”
“I think my first thoughts of you were exactly right. You are a beast.”
He laughed.
How absurd. I stood in front of him, reaching up a hand to his muzzle. He obliged, bringing his head lower so I could see into his eyes.
“I thought you have waited for me for millennia. Don’t you want my help?”
His gaze was fathomless. I wished I had his ability to read minds.
“No you don’t. Trust me. They are not including you in this discussion for good reason. There are sensitive things that you should not know just yet. I realize it doesn’t feel like it, but we are all trying to protect you.”
The sincerity of his resolve settled into my heart. I should have found it comforting to know I had these men trying to keep me safe, but I didn’t like being ignorant.
When Styx lay down, I nuzzled into him and brought my skirts under me. His warmth was the only thing shielding me from the bitter cold. “Luke,” I yelled. “I could use something a little warmer than this thing.”
He obliged without uttering a word. I now had on jeans, warm boots, a tight knitted sweater, and a hooded down jacket that I pulled around my ears.
“Thanks,” I said, but he didn’t acknowledge me.
I studied the two men. Were they really friends? They looked like they could be, but how could rivals be friends. Zach squatted and drew a blazing image with his fingers as though he was cutting into space. Was that the island Luke had mentioned?
What was happening there? I couldn’t just sit here and do nothing.
“You can, and you will,” said Styx. “Stop making stupid decisions. They will tell you what you need to know.”
I grunted. “That’s easy for you to say. You know everything as soon as they think it.”
“Give me more credit than that, young one. I have lived longer than you can imagine. Take use of my experience.”
In order to do that, I would have to trust this beast. Was he a beast? I wasn’t so sure anymore. I felt as though I was gazing at an old weathered sage. If he was dishing, I could use some wisdom.
I hesitated, looking over at the men again. “Which one do you think I should choose?”
A laugh rang out in my mind. “Only your heart can give you that answer, Rayla.”
Darn. It would have been nice to get an opinion.
Styx chuckled, shifting behind me. “Your thoughts are jumbled enough. I wouldn’t want to make it worse.”
“Funny pegasus, aren’t you?” I patted his mane. “So follow my heart, huh?” It wasn’t exactly helping much at the moment. What if I chose the wrong one? Was there a wrong one? Could I be happy with either of them?
“That’s the idea.”
I wasn’t sure which question Styx had answered, but he wouldn’t elaborate.
How could I trust my feelings? One minute I knew I couldn’t live without Zach, and the next it was Luke that held me captive. How could I even be sure those feelings were coming from me? Even with Zach’s explanation about compulsion, I didn’t trust my own heart. What was I going to do? When things settled down, I was going to find Gibbit and get my book back. I had a lot to settle with the little troll. If I could learn how to handle the lords, I might be able to survive this. And how better to learn the ropes than from someone who had already experienced bonding.
I lay my head against Styx, curling into a ball at his side. I still didn’t know much about either man.
I had only seen Zach’s homeland under the cover of darkness. I hadn’t exactly been immersed in the culture. For all I knew, they could be cannibals.
Styx groaned. “You have a vivid imagination. Try to control it.”
I huffed and stood up. “What exactly do you want me to do?”
“Stop talking to yourself for starters,” Cassie said from behind me. She laughed, mischief dancing behind her pale eyes. “It’s not a good sign.”
I smiled back. “Don’t lecture me on something you haven’t conquered.”
I gave her a huge hug, more because I needed one than for her sake. She seemed happier than she had ever been. I wasn’t sure what was going on, but maybe I could find out now.
Finn shot me a nod before he stalked over to Luke and Zach.
“What happened, Cassie?”
I turned toward Styx. “Don’t you even think about stopping this conversation. I haven’t been able to speak to her for ages.”
“I wouldn’t dream of it. Forget I’m here.”
Cassie gestured toward Styx. “So now you’re buds with that nightmare?”
I shook my head fractionally. “Don’t. You’ll hurt his feelings. He’s not as scary as he looks.” I turned around, giving him a once over. “At least I don’t think he is.”
Cassie laughed, but then her face fell to a serious line. She moved over to sit on a rock. “It was my dad, if you can believe it. He set the whole thing up.”
I sat on the ground in front of her. “What?”
“They raided the sanctuary. Found hundreds of Elementals. It was crazy to see that sort of place under a factory. Whoever came up with it was brilliant. Who would want to rummage around in pig crap to find a hideout?”
Who indeed? “What about Aunt Grace?”
Cassie grimaced. “They took her too. In fact, they took your whole family. Grace is some kind of bigwig in the resistance. No one suspected anything. My dad knew there was something different about you. He told me that when I first met you. I thought he was trying to make me feel better, but I know better now. The whole reason we moved to Castlerock in the first place was because he was searching for you.”
I shook my head. I couldn’t believe what I was hearing. Cassie’s dad was part of the Order. Kind, selfless, Mr. Lambert was actually a greedy manipulator. I had to know for sure though. “So your dad is part of the—”
“Not part. The head.”
“What!”
“I know. I can’t think about how horrible he really is. He took everyone to an island. They have an entire compound there. They’ve been doing experiments for ages.” The outrage faded from her eyes. She looked at the ground. “He told me I was his greatest one.”
I gasped. “Your dad wouldn’t do that. He couldn’t.”
She scuffed her shoe against the grass. “He would have taken me with the others, Rayla. I caught him talking to Roger. I hid in the hallway and listened to my own father talk about me as if I were his greatest asset to be sold to the highest bidder.”
I was confused in so many ways. “Why would he do that? You aren’t even an Elemental.”
She shrugged. “He was giving me injections of something, hoping to create one. I thought it was to help my hallucinations. They’ve been trying for decades, but I was the first to have any real results. I always wondered why he took me on those vacations knowing how disturbing they were to me. He was testing me every time.”
I could only imagine how Cassie felt. I was having a hard enough time dealing with how betrayed I felt, and he wasn’t even my father.
Maybe I should have been grateful all these years that I didn’t know a thing about mine. The more truth I found out, the more I understood why Aunt Grace had hidden it from me.
If Cassie’s dad was working with Roger Wayne, he couldn’t be the good natured, understanding man I had trusted. The Order had Elementals to spare from what I understood. Why would they want more? I asked Cassie.
She shook her head. “They are trying to create a male Elemental, and I am the first step. My dad would have had me on that cursed island already if Finn hadn’t come when he did.”
I was distracted by the sound of footsteps. The lords walked toward us. Each had a grim expression on his face. I wished it had taken them longer. I wanted more time alone with Cassie.
Finn sat beside her on the rock and slid his arm around her shoulder. She leaned into him with a sigh. I got up to give them some privacy. The temperature continued to drop; soon it would be below freezing. I zipped my jacket higher. I might as well have had a neck brace on, but it was better than getting frostbite.
Zach stood in front of me, his arms crossed, his stance wide. Luke nudged my shoulder as he passed. He gave me one of his monumental grins.
Zach rolled his eyes. “It’s set. You will accompany Finn and Cassie to his homeland. Luke and I are going to check out the island. We will come for you in three days.”
I frowned. A tiny piece of my heart split at his news. I didn’t want to be without him. Or Luke.
I was pathetic. Maybe it was a good idea to get some distance from them. I still had no idea how compulsion really worked, and I didn’t know if either or both of them were using it on me. Maybe the distance would help me understand my feelings better. Besides, it was only three days. What could happen in three days?
I thought that over. Great.
“May I speak with you alone, Rayla?” asked Luke.
I glanced at Zach. He didn’t seem to mind, so I took Luke’s hand. His touch was reassuring as he led me behind some trees.
He pulled me into his arms, caressing my hair. “I want you to know, whatever happens, your happiness is important to me. If my brother can do a better job of accomplishing that than I can, pick him. I don’t want to spend the next few hundred years with you if you are in love with him. I couldn’t take it.”
I swallowed hard. I didn’t know what was going to happen, but the thought of being without either of them was too hard to dwell on. I blinked back a tear. I wanted him to be happy too. I just couldn’t see a good outcome no matter who I chose. “I’ll keep that in mind.”
He stepped back from me, his cerulean eyes holding that same terrifying certainty they had the first time I had seen this man. Had that really only happened a few weeks ago? It felt like decades. How differently I viewed him now. His arrogance was gone. In its place was a hopeful determination. I could be happy with him, but I was not ready to decide.
He started to leave then stopped, turning back toward me. A slow smile spread across his perfect lips. Dazzling. Enchanting. Bewitching.
I was in his arms in seconds. His kiss seared through me into every crevice in my heart. He pulled away too soon.
I swayed. I could get used to that.
He walked into the trees without a backward glance. A slight glow radiated from him. Luke had a way of making me forget about everything while I was near him. It was what scared me most about being with him. Was I really me when he was around? I didn’t want to have feelings for him, but they were there regardless.
A rustling sounded in the bushes. I whirled around. My heart did a flip when Zach emerged. He was so different than any of the other Lords. He was beautiful in every sense of the word, but he didn’t have the otherworldly quality of his four brothers.
They could take some pointers from him. His true form was more appealing than any glamour could be.
He loomed over me, dark, seductive. His magnetic pull encircled me. I took an involuntary step toward him, bracken crunching under my shoes.
He knelt in front of me and clasped my hands in his. “I count the seconds until I can see you again.” He kissed my knuckles formally then looked up at me. A boyish smile floated along his lips before his expression darkened. The intensity of it penetrated into me. My smile faltered. “Rayla, you have never been in more danger than you are now. Do as Finn asks. He will protect you.”
The surety of his words hit me like an omen. I shook my head. “If that’s true, why are you leaving me?” My vision swam with unshed tears. “I need to know what’s going on, Zach.”
He stood and stepped back, already withdrawing from me. “This is my job. My primary function when I am not seeking a mate is to maintain the stability of the accords between the council and the Order. I have a duty to safeguard my people. I am the only fae with the authority to deal with the Order’s betrayal.”
“But what have they done? Cassie said my whole family was taken to that island. I have a right to protect my people, too. You’re asking me to stay here while you risk your—”
“Life?” He smiled. “You forget. I am immortal. You are not.” He touched my face and for the first time, his emotions flooded into me. He was more worried than he was telling me.
I doubted he was even aware that I could sense his feelings. “Maybe so, but you can still feel pain.” I was surprised when he didn’t argue with me. I searched his eyes. “Shouldn’t you enlist some help?”
He turned away sharply as though he couldn’t stand to look at me. “Luke has agreed to come with me. He should be all the back-up I need. It’s imperative for you to stay within the fae realms. I can’t explain much to you right now, but I will tell you this: the Order has found a weapon that could shift the balance of power.”
I swallowed my gasp. “What do you mean?”
His expression hardened. “We don’t fully understand it yet, but it is a machine and machines can be broken.”
He was purposely withholding information from me. Why? Didn’t he trust me? “I still think you need to get reinforcements.”
He clasped his hands behind his back. A slight grimace marred his handsome features. “I’m not exactly popular at the moment. The council is close to disbanding, Rayla. The courts are polarizing. The dark court grows weary of petitioning for things they think are their right. Fae have been known for our patience, but I fear war is imminent, especially if swift action is not taken to resolve this issue.”
“I can’t stay here without you,” I whispered.
He took my hand. The heat of his skin against mine distracted me. “I need you to trust me. I would never leave you if I had any other viable option.”
Something bad would happen if he went to that island with Luke as his only companion. What would I do if he didn’t come back? What would I do if I lost him? I’d gone through so much trouble to avoid making a choice, but I would have to eventually. Luke overwhelmed me when I was near him, but Zach, Zach was my air. I had to get him to stay no matter what. If I waited to decide, things could get much worse. “What if I agreed to bond with you now?”
Zach gasped, releasing my hand as though scalded. His jaw was tight. His expression guarded. “I will not see you bound to me because you are frightened. I will only claim you when and if I am the only man you desire.”
I began to protest, but he covered my lips with his big hand. “Rayla, trust me. I want you more than any woman I have ever known, and between you and me, that is saying a lot. I can’t do it now; not knowing how you feel about Luke. You need time to decide.”
Arguing with him was pointless. I couldn’t in all honesty do it with any real conviction. I wanted to think he could go to the island, kill the bad guys or whatever he was going to do, and return to me without any problems arising. I wanted to think the heaviness restricting my lungs was because I wouldn’t see him for three days, but there was more to it. “I don’t want you to go.”
He stroked my cheek. “What about your family? I may be the only chance they have of escaping the Order.”
I let out a suppressed sob. “I need to go with you.”
He stiffened. “I will not risk it. It’s decided, love. I won’t be gone that long. Besides, I’m banking that you will beg me to bond with you when I return. You know, absence and all that.”
Shaking my head violently, I ignored his attempt at humor. He hugged me to him. His arms fit around me perfectly, as if he were made to hold me. I didn’t want the moment to ever end, but it would eventually. It was why I couldn’t completely give myself to him now. No matter what I did, the slow tick of time would steal him from me, one way or another.
He held me for what seemed like hours, swaying as if we were dancing to a rhythm only he could hear. Warm lips brushed mine softly.
Then he was gone.
I covered my face and sobbed. Three days in the fire realm without him.
I would be in hell.

End of Book One






Christie Rich lives in a small town in Northern Utah with her husband, two kids, spastic dog that thinks she’s a horse, and two lazy cats. Christie loves to be creative. Whether writing, painting, or exploring something new, she spends the majority of her free time unlocking the creations inside of her.

http://christierich.blogspot.com/
www.christierich.com

Also available:

Dark Matter (Elemental Enmity Book II)
Genesis (Elemental Enmity Book III)
Horizon (Elemental Enmity Book IV)

Personal Note from Christie

To all the readers out there who have taken the time to read and welcome my stories and characters, I thank you from the bottom of my heart. I hope you enjoyed reading this book as much as I enjoyed writing it. As an “indie” author, the best way others can be made aware of our work is through positive word of mouth and feedback from happy readers. Leaving a quick review on the site you purchased this book goes a long way in helping me get my work out to other readers. If you think someone else might enjoy this story, I encourage you to express your thoughts. For those of you who have already left reviews, thank you for your support!

All My Best and Happy Reading Everyone~
I’m thrilled to be able to share with you an excerpt from one of my favorite authors, Nancy Straight. I read her latest novel, Blood Debt, in no time flat and is the first book in The Touched Series.
Blood Debt was so original I was intrigued from the start, and I kept wondering what the book had to do with Centaurs. Let’s just say I was pleased by my experience, and Nancy has been gracious enough to let me share one of my favorite scenes from the book with you. If you like hot guys that are totally swoon worthy without being a jerk, stay tuned:
Excerpt from Blood Debt, by Nancy Straight (Touched Series, Book 1)



“Why didn’t your mom tell you, I mean, before. . .” I stopped in mid-sentence when I saw Camille was still sensitive about her mother’s death. Her eyes clouded right there in front of me, and she pursed her lips together. I’d struck a chord I didn’t mean to and wanted to comfort her. “I’m sorry.”
“It’s okay. I’m not always such a head case. I just miss her.” Camille was in so much pain. I tried to reason that if I only had a single parent and lost her, then was tossed into all the complexities of our society, I didn’t think I would handle it as well as she was handling it.
In a happier voice, Camille said, “Let me try to read your mind.”
“Uh, no. That’s okay. I keep mine blocked all the time.” Panic swept me. I was able to keep my mind blocked, but I worried about my defenses if I got too close to her. I couldn’t let her know how she’d affected me, or how much I wanted her.
Camille laughed, “Even better, so I can practice without worry of seeing some gross guy stuff.”
I froze, “Uh, Camille, I don’t think that’s such a great idea.” She ignored me and looked into my eyes; mine refused to look away. I blocked my thoughts with more force than I’d ever used in my life.
She looked a little frustrated with herself, and I breathed a sigh of relief. Camille confessed, “Huh, nothing. Let me try this.” She swung her legs over the side of the deck chair so we were seated facing each other. Camille put her hands on either side of my temples; our lips were mere inches apart. I heard the splashing of the waves, a seagull echoing a warning overhead, and breeze whipping the flag at the ship’s stern. I continued blocking my thoughts, refusing to let my wall crumble.
Camille repositioned her hands from my temples, sliding them down, cradling my face in her palms. Her gentle touch threw me off guard. In that moment I didn’t care if she read every thought in my head. My mind’s wall disintegrated in front of both of us. Her eyes widened when she saw a glimpse of my desire for her. I knew I could control my impulses no matter how strong they were to take her in my arms and hold her body to mine. I had just filled her mind with images of the two of us, where I wanted to be and what I wanted to be doing with her: walking in a tall meadow, the sun bearing down; on a snowcapped mountain, the only heat from our intertwined bodies; swimming in the crystal clear waters of the Caribbean near a deserted alcove. I savored each of these fantasies and shamelessly shared them with her, each more erotic than the previous.
What I wasn’t expecting was her reaction to what was going through my mind. I expected her to slap me, to leap away and scream, to call me hundreds of names that I deserved – I never expected that her mouth would close the gap with mine in an instant.
Her eyes closed, and I felt her soft lips press hard on to mine. My arms did the unthinkable and pulled her seated body off her deck chair and fully onto me. My veins, that last night felt like ice was coursing through them when I saw her, now had molten lava pumping through my body, and I had no recourse but to melt into her. Nothing else in the world mattered beyond the feel of her skin against me, the heat that generated between us, and her mouth on mine. We sat wrapped in each other for a short time before we both came to our senses and released.
As I felt her body go tense, I sputtered out, “I’m so sorry, Camille, I didn’t mean for. . .I’m so sorry.”
She shook her head, “I wasn’t expecting . . . the images.” I could see the turmoil on her face. “Drake,” she realized she was still wrapped around me and stood up, distancing herself from me, “we can’t.”
With a heavy heart, threatening to slowly break in this moment, “I know.” I hung my head, unable to look into her brown eyes.
“I mean, we can’t let that happen again, ever.”
“I know.”
“You’re engaged to Bianca.”
“I know.”
“If she ever finds out. . .”
I looked up, purposely not making contact with her eyes, “She won’t. I’m sorry. I don’t know what came over me.”
Camille took the towel off of her deck chair, wrapped herself up in it and sat down. I knew I shouldn’t, but I felt a longing for Camille. The towel could have been made of kryptonite, and it wouldn’t have diminished my hunger. She stammered, “I should apologize to you. You told me not to try . . . you know . . . to read your mind.” Her face flushed a deep crimson, and I wondered if she had been reacting to my desire or if she had a yearning of her own.
I knelt down beside her and rested my head on her knees, “I’m an idiot. I knew I shouldn’t have come.” She didn’t make a sound, and I didn’t have the courage to look at her. “I swear I didn’t plan this.”
I felt Camille’s fingers running through my hair. Her words were quiet, “I think we should steer clear of each other.”
“Yeah,” I wrapped my arms around her shins, still not able to let go, “I promise, Camille, I’ll never do something like that again. I’ll take it to the grave.”
“Is Bianca going to, you know – know?”
“Only if you think about it. Do you know how to block your thoughts?” She shook her head that she didn’t. Dammit! No matter how strongly I felt for Camille -I couldn’t risk my family’s blood line. Camille looked horrified; hopefully her fear of being exposed would keep us both safe. Being this close to her was wrong, I had to let her go. I forced a smile, hoping she couldn’t see through it to the emptiness I felt as I moved away from her. I said, “Just don’t think about the kiss. If your mind starts to wander, think about a movie or something.”
“Okay - think about something else, got it. Gretchen told me only the women Centaurs could read thoughts. You can’t read my mind, right?”
I couldn’t help but smirk at her, “Technically, you should only be able to read the thoughts I’m not protecting. You caught me a little off guard when you touched me.”
“Obviously,” she answered.
I couldn’t help but laugh at her. I was mortified with my actions, and I knew she shared the same guilt. I could see it. I decided to change the subject before we had any kind of relapse, “I know this is all new to you. Did you find someone you liked last night?” She gave me the strangest look, and I felt the heat rising up again within me. “I mean at Bruce’s wedding, you met a bunch of Centaur men. Any of them contenders? You seemed to have hit it off with Gus.”
“Ha, that’s the one good thing I have to look forward to. I don’t have to choose anyone for five years.”
Her statement surprised me, and I looked up at her, “What do you mean?”
“It’s a really long story, but I’m not going to choose anyone until I’m twenty-seven.”
“Your father’s okay with that?”
“Sure, why wouldn’t he be?”
“I’ve just never heard of a Centauride waiting so long.”
“Good things come to those who wait.”
I nodded. I was a lucky man to be chosen by Bianca. I’d find a way to keep Camille out of my thoughts, too. I took Camille’s hand, telling myself to savor the few more seconds I had with her before this fantasy was over and my reality kicked back in. “Let’s go find Brent and Bianca.”
As we walked toward the doorway to go to the lower deck, a large wave rocked the boat hard and Camille fell into me. Steadying her, my arms found her one more time. When I didn’t let go, I thought she’d chastise me, but she pulled me into the wall just to the left of the double doors, so no one could see us through the glass. I didn’t release her, I couldn’t. I could feel my hands shaking. She belonged in them.
Her eyes were wide, her voice accusatory, “Never again, right?”
I couldn’t deny the lust I felt for her. My hands refused to release her. My body leaned into hers as I whispered, “Not after this one.” This time, it was I who closed the distance between us. I knew it was wrong. I knew if we were caught, we’d be screwed, and the shame we’d bring on our families would be unbearable, but I lost myself in Camille anyway. All the things I knew I should care about didn’t matter when she was in my arms. I told myself this would absolutely be the last time my arms were able to hold her, and I wanted to drink her in, to consume her, to cherish this memory for the rest of eternity. I didn’t hold back. In that moment, I shared every ravenous thought of her. When my eyes opened, I looked down into hers. I could see how she felt. She was torn exactly the same way I was. Our time was over. I confessed, “We always want what is exactly out of our reach.”

