Flesh

Book One



SKY CORGAN
Text copyright 2016 by Sky Corgan

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without written permission of the author.

Sign up for Sky Corgan's mailing list and find out about her latest releases, giveaways, and more. Plus, get a FREE book! Click here!

Follow her on Facebook  & Twitter
Contents


Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9







CHAPTER ONE


I wait on the bed with bated breath, my fingers nervously fidgeting with the ribbon on my apron babydoll lingerie. It's the sexiest thing I've ever worn for a man, and I'm more than a little uncomfortable in it. If I had known how I would feel now when I was buying it, I would have gone with a nightgown or something else far less revealing and far more frumpy. As it is, all I want to do is cover up.
What does it really matter though? If what I've been told throughout my entire adult life is true, men don't care what a woman looks like as long as she's willing. That's not really what this is about though. I'm willing to try some things, not others. Not most of the things that were on the order form I scanned through before I came here.
Waiting is torturous. My eyes flit to the cheap Dollar Store clock on the wall, and I scowl at the realization that he's late. I paid money for this, and he's late. Hopefully, I'll get my full session. Either that, or they'll have to take off the time that he was absent.
Just thinking about handing money over for something like this makes me feel pathetic. There won't be any sex, but it still feels like prostitution to some degree. Oh well. This is what I wanted, wasn't it? To stop being boring. To try new things. And I have been curious about this for quite a while. 
Footsteps approach from down the hall, and my breath catches in my throat as I hear the door handle jiggle. My arms wrap around myself, covering as much of my scantily-clad flesh as I can. And my mind instantly flips to wondering who is going to walk in. It shouldn't matter, due to the nature of the session, but it does, somehow. I paid good money for this. I want to be turned on, not repulsed. It's a horribly vain thing to think, and looks should never matter, one way or another. Just moments ago, I was worried about being judged, and now...
The door swings open, and I exhale with a whoosh, quickly trying to compose myself, though it's difficult when my hormones are suddenly going off the charts. This isn't what I expected at all. Not someone like him. 
He smiles at me, his gorgeous blue eyes never leaving me as he steps inside the room, then reaches behind himself to close the door. My cheeks burn, and it takes everything in me not to turn from him in embarrassment. I curse my body for giving my desire away. It only reacts like this when I'm extremely attracted to someone, and men don't get much more attractive than him.
“Good evening,” he says politely.
“Hi,” I reply shyly, staring at the back of his suit as he bolts the door. 
To be honest, I expected him to be wearing leathers. Isn't that half of what BDSM is about, the dress code? Leathers and vinyl and tight shirts and harnesses. This guy looks like he might have just gotten off from work. His style is impeccable. There's not so much as a wrinkle on the dark-gray business suit he's wearing. His hair is almost black, and it's gelled to be mussy but still looks kept—one step above just fucked sexy. He's tall and broad, and all I keep wondering is if I'm going to get to see him naked...or at least close to naked. Shirtless will do. Finding out if he wears boxers or briefs, even better.
I chew my bottom lip nervously, my eyes fixed on the way his slacks mold around his ass. When he turns around, my gaze shoots up to meet his, and I can't fight back my surprised expression, as if I've just been caught. If he knows I've been staring at him, it doesn't show. A charming smile curves his lips, the kind that sends signals straight to my nether region to gear up. It annoys me that my body is reacting so strongly to his presence. Perhaps it's because I'm so attracted to him, but also because I know those large deft hands will eventually be touching me. Just thinking about it makes my sex clench—makes me wish I would have signed up for more than what I did. I couldn't be sure though at the time if I'd actually want it, if I'd actually want him.
He approaches me, and I feel myself shrinking, my legs pressing together, my arms hugging tighter around myself. I'm clamming up, my shy nature getting the better of me. Already, I'm beginning to panic. While I did willingly sign up for this, my confidence is waning. Never before have I allowed a man whom I'm not romantically involved with to touch me. And it can't get anymore not romantically involved than this. He's my paid Dom for the night. I'm just another girl on his list of clients wanting to experience the seemingly new phenomenon of BDSM—new to mainstream, that is.
“You can relax. I'm not going to hurt you.” He stops right in front of me. Provocatively close. Our legs are almost touching. My eyes are resting on his crotch, but I'm staring more through it than at it. Shit, I'm starting to shut down. The intensity of the situation is too much for me, and we haven't even started yet. “Unless you want me to.”
“No. That's alright.” I shake my head, my mouth feeling like a desert. I'm pretty sure he sucked all the air and moisture out of the room when he stepped inside. Except for the moisture between my legs. There's definitely something going on down there, which is why it's imperative that I keep them closed. This stupid lingerie is so sheer that he'd probably be able to see it.
“What's your name, beautiful?”
I feel his fingertips press beneath my chin, lifting my face up to look at him. His touch is soft yet demanding, and it sends electricity pulsing through me, perking my nipples and making my grip tighten around myself again. I don't want him to see what he's doing to me. But if that's really the case, then why am I even here?
“Janice,” I lie. It's not my name. It's not even the fake name I had planned to use. I wanted to be Angel, but that went out the window the moment that he touched me. It was like my brain dripped into a puddle of mush on the floor, and all I could recall was my roommate's name. Internally, I curse myself for saying it—wonder why that was the best I could come up with. Now I'm going to have to listen to him calling me her name throughout the entire session. 
“Janice,” he repeats, saying it in a way that I've never heard it before. Sexy-like. How I wish he was saying my name like that. Why couldn't I just give him my real name? It's not like we'll ever see each other again after this.
“And what should I call you?” I let my eyes lock onto his, and a shiver rolls down my spine. So blue. So impossibly blue. Almost unnaturally pale, setting off his porcelain skin, strong jawline, and dark brows. He looks kind of like a vampire, the sexy kind you see in television shows. The kind you actually want to bite you. He looks dangerous.
“You'll call me Sir.” He holds my chin and brushes his thumb delicately across my bottom lip, his eyes boring into me with confidence the likes of which I've never felt from a man before. Reflexively, I open my mouth slightly, a small gasp escaping my throat from the sheer arousal I'm feeling from his touch. His thumb travels back over my lips, the tip teasing across my top lip before he presses it inside my mouth. “Suck.”
My cheeks heat up as my mouth closes around the thick digit. My tongue presses against the pad, and as I massage it, tasting his skin, I realize that his fingers aren't calloused. He most likely doesn't have a difficult profession. Hell, he's probably a model. There are plenty of them here in Florida. 
“I bet I have something else you'd like to suck,” he muses as he begins to slide his thumb back and forth. “I can think of something I'd like to see you suck.”
His arrogance is amusing. If he was anyone else, it would be a total turn off, but we both know what I'm here for. Unfortunately for him, sucking what I'm sure he's thinking of wasn't on my list. Even though I find him attractive, I'm glad. While I do want to start being more adventurous, I'm not sure I'm quite to that level yet. Maybe next time, if I order another session with him. 
The thought that I'm actually considering it makes me feel scandalous. Surely it's my hormones talking. This is supposed to be about trying something new, not creating an addiction. A woman could definitely feel the need for seconds, though, when faced with a man this sexy.
He pulls his thumb out of my mouth and swipes it across both of my lips, wetting them. Maybe my mouth wasn't as dry as I thought. Or perhaps being close to him has made it water, and I hadn't realized it.
“This is very pretty.” His hand falls to the cups of my lingerie, and he traces the top of them with the back of his index finger, causing goose pimples to raise up on my skin. 
“Thank you,” I mutter, looking down to follow his hands. The way my arms are wrapped around myself makes it seem like I have more cleavage than what's actually there. I think about putting my arms down so that I don't disappoint him with the illusion of big breasts, but I'm too embarrassed of my body.
Oddly, now I'm wishing that he wasn't so attractive. To an average guy, I would be a prize. This guy is probably used to sleeping with gorgeous women though, bottle blondes with perfect bikini bodies. The thought that I am going to eventually have to let him see my less than flat stomach fills me with dread. Maybe this wasn't such a good idea after all. 
“You're shy.” 
I refuse to look up at him, but I can hear the smile in his voice.
“We can't have that.” He grabs my arms at the wrists and starts to pry them from around me. For a moment, I struggle. He's too strong though. I let out a few brief grunts of discomfort, but I don't tell him to stop. Within seconds, he has captured my wrists and is holding them above my head, exposing my scantily-clad body. “You shouldn't struggle,” he warns, looking me up and down.
I turn my face away from him, not wanting to see him judging me. I'm certain that my stomach is rolling. Not sexy at all. And my small breasts are probably less than satisfying to him.
“Look at me,” he tells me, his voice full of dominance.
I hesitate. In truth, I don't want to look at him. It's awkward. But I remember the rules. I'm supposed to obey his every whim. It's for both my safety and my pleasure. Right now, this doesn't feel very pleasurable. Sure, the fact that he's holding me in place is hot, but knowing he's looking at me, that he's seeing all of my imperfections...
When I turn my head back to him, the first thing that I notice is the bulge in his pants. I try not to linger on it for too long. My eyes travel up the front of his suit to meet his face. His expression is pure lust, and I feel my cheeks grow even warmer as I realize that he's actually turned on by the sight of me. Where my self-confidence was in the gutter only seconds before, it's now risen to the heavens—and so has my arousal.
“Good God, you're beautiful.” He looks me over appreciatively, and I have to fight the muscles in my face from going into a beaming smile that totally would not fit in with the moment. “I'm going to let your hands go, but you're not going to cover yourself up with them again, do you understand?”
His tone is reminiscent of an adult reprimanding a child. It makes me feel small and vulnerable. I nod, bringing my hands to my sides when he lets them go. He's already seen my body. There's no point in hiding anymore.
I watch as he loosens his tie. My heartbeat speeds up in anticipation. Is he going to take off his shirt now? Am I finally going to get to see what's under his clothes? I certainly hope so. I can already imagine the rippling wall of muscle that's going to greet me. He's fit. Anyone with eyes can see that. Just below the surface of that suit is sheer masculine bliss, and I'm going to get to experience it. Going to get to touch him, hopefully, if I'm a good girl. 
A smirk plays across my lips as I realize I'm starting to get into the scene. This isn't so bad. I wanted the tamest experience possible. Assertive yet not overbearing. He's been good at delivering so far. 
He slides the tie from around his neck and leans over to gather my wrists together. I hold my breath, hoping he'll kiss me, but he doesn't. He seems too consumed with the task at hand, binding my wrists in front of me. 
I close my eyes and try to process my level of enjoyment from being restrained by a total stranger. The silk of his tie feels good over my skin, and I briefly wonder if it will leave marks behind—proof that we've been together. 
He knots the tie around my wrists, though not so tight that I couldn't easily escape if I wanted to. While bondage was definitely on my list of things to do, I made sure to omit handcuffs or anything metal with real locks. You need trust for that, and I don't know this guy at all. I am, however, happy that he seems to understand my need not to be restrained to the point that I'm helpless. It's a good start for building my trust in the things we're going to be doing beyond this.
“Are you ready for the fun to begin, beautiful one?” His eyes catch mine, sparkling with a sexy devilishness.
“Mhm.” I nod, at a complete loss for words. He's so damn beautiful. 
The dryness returns to my throat as I realize that things are about to get a lot more intense. 
He straightens himself, looking down at me like a predator. “We're going to take things slowly. I want you to relax and enjoy yourself, but you'll also need to follow my orders. Anything I ask of you, you will need to comply with immediately. Do you understand?”
“Mhm.” I drag my tongue across my bottom lip, but it's no use. It's a desert inside my mouth again.
“Crawl up onto the bed and lay back. I want you on your back, hands above your head.” 
I do as I'm told, moving backwards onto the bed, worrying the whole time about my less than lithe body jiggling. Worrying that he's watching me. He is watching me. It only takes a quick glance at his face to see that.
Realizing how not sexy I look squirming backwards with my hands bound, I finally decide to roll over and climb the rest of the way on my knees before turning again and plopping down, the bed bouncing from my weight. I cringe, so embarrassed at my lack of grace that I can barely stand to look at him. I can only imagine what's going through his head right now. He probably thinks I'm an oaf and can't wait for this session to be over.
Don't be so negative, Amy. If he's been at this long enough, I'm sure he's seen worse than you. Fatter. More clueless. Just get it together.
He waits until I've stilled, my body in a comfortable position, my hands over my head, before he crawls onto the bed to join me. Where my movements were disjointed and clumsy, he moves with the seamlessness of a cat, sliding onto the bed effortlessly to kneel between my legs. The soft touch of his hands on my inner thighs, urging them wide enough for him to fit, causes a shiver to run down my legs, pooling at the junction of my core. 
I feel so exposed, like I'm laying myself out before him as an offering, waiting for him to claim me. The thought of his naked body writhing on top of mine has my senses heightened. Because I want it. He's so incredibly handsome that I'd probably let him have sex with me if he wanted to. Part of me is actually upset that I didn't check off sex on my list. 
Next time. I'm starting to feel like there will definitely be a next time.
I try to control my breathing as he takes off his suit jacket and throws it onto a chair in the corner of the room. Then I watch his hands move for the button on the collar of his white dress shirt. It pops open with ease, followed by the next. My eyes trail behind his fingers obsessively, staying just above them, fixed on the reveal. Hard planes of muscle, a smooth, hairless chest, followed by the delicious rippling of a six pack. When he pushes the shirt over his shoulders, I get to see the rest of the package, firm biceps and triceps, and a V that points straight to his cock. 
I think I just died and went to heaven.
He finishes pulling off the shirt, wads it up, and tries tossing it at the chair in the corner of the room. He misses, but I'm not paying much attention to that. I'm too busy trying not to drool over his perfect body, too busy watching the different muscles flex as he moves. When he returns his attention to me, I have to force my eyes up to his face. It's almost embarrassing how horny I am, and we haven't even really done anything yet.
A soft smile plays on his lips, somewhere between amusement and arousal, as he traces the straps of my babydoll with his fingertips. His touch is so gentle, so delicate, purposefully teasing. I can feel heat coursing under my skin everywhere that his hands go. They follow the strap back down to the cups of my lingerie, dipping slightly under the tops of them, which makes my breath hitch, though I'm not sure why. Perhaps because I'm becoming self-conscious again. My boobs were small when I was sitting up. They're practically nonexistent now.
“You're still so nervous.” He stops moving, his eyes meeting mine. There's something soothing about his expression, something intimate, silently telling me that he'd never hurt me.
“I've never done anything like this before,” I confess.
“I promise, I'll take good care of you.” He allows his gaze to fall back down to his fingers, which he promptly pulls out of the cups of my babydoll to trace over the top of them again. Even though I believe his words, I can't help but wonder how many times he's said them to other women.
Don't think about that now. It will ruin the fantasy. The fantasy that he's yours and yours alone. 
His hands continue their descent, and I suck in as they glide over my stomach, making their way towards my crotch. I think he's headed straight to my underwear before he pinches one of the strings holding the top of my lingerie together. 
“Rest your head back,” he tells me, noticing that I'm straining to watch his every move.
By the time the back of my head hits the pillow, I'm panting. I must have been holding my breath. Have probably been holding it ever since I sucked in so he wouldn't see how pudgy I am, not that he hasn't already seen it.
I close my eyes, trying to relax as I feel the strings of my lingerie being lifted. He's going to untie them—untie them and see my breasts. I'm not sure if I'm ready for that. While I want him to touch me, I don't want him to see me. It's illogical, but it's how I feel.
“Open your eyes.”
I feel the top of my lingerie strain slightly from the pressure of the little bow keeping it together being tugged, though it's not pulling free yet. Hesitantly, I open one eye, and then the other. It's not until they're both open that I realize I'm cringing. His expression is full-blown amusement.
“Relax,” he enunciates each syllable, and I feel my shoulders fall, more out of embarrassed defeat than the actual desire to obey. 
“I can't wait to see what's under this.” He twirls one of the ribbons around his index finger. For a moment, he pauses, his eyes fixed on mine. I can't tell if he's challenging me to stop him, or if he's actually just trying to give me a chance to back out.
He starts to pull on the ribbon, ever so slowly. The room is so quiet that I can actually hear the bow pop when it comes undone. My chest rises and falls in nervous anticipation as gravity does its work helping the garment pull away from my body, though my perked nipples keep it from falling completely off.
“Beautiful.” He licks his lips, his eyes moving from my face to my chest. I feel his fingers return to me, just the tops, tracing a path between my breasts and down my stomach. I close my eyes and moan softly. His hands are heavenly, sensual. So sensual. I absolutely love it.
I clasp my fingers together over my head and allow myself to fall into the fantasy. I pretend that he's my lover, that everything feels right. His touch gets more intense, fingertips turning into hands, his hands wrapping around my waist and moving up my sides before stopping just below my breasts. Damn, his hands are big. I never realized it before.
“Look at me,” he commands, and I open my eyes to find his filled with lust. The amusement that was there before is completely gone, and for the first time ever, I feel like we're truly in sync. I want him. He wants me. It's as simple as that. Simple and beautiful and perfect.
His fingertips lazily rub the underswell of my breasts for a moment before his hands lift up and the fabric clinging to my nipples gives way. A shudder of pleasure courses down my body as the material silently snaps free and renders my breasts bare to him. As if to make sure I'm fully exposed, he takes the demi cups of my lingerie and pulls them completely aside so that they're resting on the bed. Then he grabs my breasts with both hands, my nipples slipping between his fingertips, and he squeezes and kneads them. Hard.
A sharp cry of pleasure-pain leaves my lips, and I find myself intoxicated with this new roughness. As if all of my inhibitions have gone by the wayside from just this one intimate touch, I feel my back arch off the bed, my body pressing up to fill his hands even more. He growls in approval, leaning over me, and my breath hitches as I pray that his lips are finally going to meet mine.
“That's it, beautiful girl, show me your passion,” he whispers into my ear, making my sex clench in response. Damn him for being so seductive. Damn him for teasing me like this.
When he sits back up, his hands leave me, and I feel almost a physical ache from the lack of his touch. A pathetic, needy part of me wants to beg him to put his hands on me again, but that would be far too desperate. It's bad enough that he has me writhing beneath him, wanting more. 
He leans over to open the bedside table drawer. Again, I find my eyes watching his muscles. It's like he's carved out of stone. I can't even imagine how many hours he's had to put in at the gym to get a body like this. Probably everyday, when he's not modeling or pleasuring women.
When he sits back up, I notice the blindfold in his hand. To be honest, I had half expected it to be a cheapie, one of the ones you put on but can still see underneath. This one is good though, wide and thick.
“I'm going to put this on you, and you're not going to peek,” he tells me.
I bite my bottom lip, not wanting to be blindfolded. Even though I marked it off on my list, now that I know how gorgeous he is, I don't want to go a second without seeing his delicious shirtless body. “I don't want to wear it,” I decide finally.
He gives me an incredulous look, straightening himself and twirling the blindfold on his index finger like he's done it a million times before. How he can move so flawlessly and look so perfect absolutely blows my mind. It's even more of a reason why I don't want the blindfold.
“Well, perhaps I would have considered keeping it off of you. But you didn't call me Sir. You're supposed to call me Sir after everything you say. It was in the rules, remember. Let's just consider this...a punishment of sorts.” He leans forward and starts placing the blindfold over my eyes.
My mouth falls open in disbelief. A punishment? Really? This is supposed to be my scene. Then again, I suppose it could be worse. When I think of punishments, I typically imagine spankings and more painful things. Perhaps this will make the experience more authentic for me. With that thought, I decide to give in. Besides, this is what I originally wanted. I paid for it, might as well try it, even if I later regret not being able to look at him more.
The world goes dark around me, and an uncomfortable feeling instantly forms in my chest. Doubt takes over. Not the same doubt I was experiencing earlier. This has nothing to do with being self-conscious. It all has to do with me not trusting him. Realizing that I just let a complete stranger put me in a very vulnerable position. If he wanted to, he could stab me to death, or strangle me, or murder me in some other horrific way.
Stop it, Amy. This isn't a one man operation. There are a whole bunch of people involved in this business, people who have your information on file. People who know you're here. He couldn't murder you and get away with it. 
I just need to calm down. These are the more mild aspects of BDSM. My hands aren't bound very well. If he does anything that I don't like, I can just pull the blindfold off and hightail it out of here.
I feel the backs of his fingers on my collarbone, and my breath catches in my throat. Even though I expected that he'd touch me, I wasn't quite ready for it, my mind so on overdrive from having lost one of my five senses. His fingers whisper down my chest, and my breathing picks up as they climb the swell of my breasts, teasing over my nipples before continuing on to my stomach. Just that little bit of stimulation has my core throbbing. I'm even more aware that his dick, though completely out of my reach behind slacks and whatever underwear he's wearing, is probably only a foot away from my pussy. Silently, my body yearns for him, yearns for more of his touch. Yearns for the teasing to end, for him to be inside of me. It can't happen though. That's not what this is about, and it's not what I truly want. It's just what my body is telling me I want, despite my good senses.
The bed creaks beneath us as he moves. He caresses my face with the back of his hand, causing me to jerk back a little. Every touch is unexpected, but as soon as I realize what he's doing, I quickly calm.
A warm breath washes over my cheek, and I catch the smell of mint before he plants a soft kiss on my jaw. I melt into the pillow beneath me, patiently awaiting the moment when his lips meet mine. They follow a slow path towards my mouth. He grips my chin firmly, holding me in place, possibly because I was starting to tilt my head towards him. I feel the tender touch of his lips on the corner of my mouth, and then he draws away.
Grrr. Noooooo. I growl internally. 
“You're a tease,” I dare to say, then quickly follow it up with, “Sir,” so I don't incite anymore of his punishments.
“Is that so?” Amusement is plain in his voice.
“You make me think ahhh,” my sentence is cut off with a moan when he pinches and rolls my nipples, then leans forward to grind his cock between my legs. Even clothed, I can feel how hard he is. The lace of my panties rubs against my folds, causing friction to build. When he pulls away, my body almost instinctively bucks towards him, wanting to feel the heat of his sex again. He places a hand on my stomach and gently pushes me back down, making a tut tut sound with his tongue. “Someone is awfully wanton.”
Briefly, I consider telling him to shut up, but that's not something you say to a Dom when you're tied down and blind—helpless. Instead, I settle beneath him, silently cursing him for being such a prick. Give and take. Hot and cold. He's a clit tease. And while it's the most amazing thing ever, I also kind of hate it. Hate that I can't have him, that he's not really mine.
“What would you like first, my mouth on yours, or my mouth on these?” He tugs my nipples, causing me to gasp.
“Kiss me,” I say without even thinking. It sounds so desperate and raw and not even me, but it's what I really want. It's what I've wanted ever since I first laid eyes on his gorgeous lips. Even with the blindfold on, I can remember them. His top lip is thin, but his bottom lip is full. Not disproportionately so. Just perfectly kissable.
“Is that what you want?” I feel his breath on top of my mouth, and my head lifts to seek him out. “No.” He puts his palm on my chest, pushing me back down. “You have to be a good girl. Can you be a good girl for me?”
“Mhm.” I nod, relaxing the best I can when I'm so wound up. My tongue swipes across my bottom lip, wetting it in anticipation. It looks like the saliva has returned. I think I felt a gush of it when he was grinding between my legs, when I thought about how hungry I actually am for sex. It's been so long. Years. 
I don't want to think about that right now though. All I want is a kiss. Just one kiss.
I can almost feel his lips hovering over mine. At least, I imagine that they are. In the darkness, every warm draft of air could be his breath. It feels like I can feel him, but I know I really can't. The anticipation is almost maddening.
And then it happens. 
His mouth falls over mine, and I moan into the space between us as every pleasure sensor in my entire body goes off at once. His lips are soft, yet firm at the same time. He fists his hand into my hair, holding my head in place as he kisses and nibbles and consumes. I close my eyes and allow myself to feel everything, his warm breath soothing my skin, the roughness of his tongue as it pushes through the seam of my lips to dance with mine, the way he tastes like mint and deliciousness. It's one of the best kisses I've ever had, and I can't even see his face. I can't help but wonder how much better it would be if I could. Can't help but wonder if his eyes are opened or closed, those insanely gorgeous blue eyes that I could stare into for days. 
His body presses into me again. I feel the thickness of his cock as he grinds between my legs, the perfect outline of his shaft. While I'm not sure if I'm imagining it or not, I can almost swear that I feel his dick twitching, which must mean that he's pretty turned on. I know that I am. Everything in me wants to push back against him, wants to take more, to feel more, but I know that if I do, he'll just deny me, so I allow him to lead, savoring the feel of his mouth on top of mine, of his sex between my thighs.
His hand reaches up to cup one of my breasts, adding to the overall stimulation as he pinches the tiny bead between his fingers and then tugs and kneads over and over again until I'm panting against his mouth. He kisses my chin, down my neck, pausing for a moment to lick across my collarbone. My chest heaves as his lips reach the swell of my breasts. He takes his hand away and begins working on the other breast, giving it the same treatment. All the while, his lips continue their descent until I feel his breath just above my nipple. 
“You have the most perfect tits,” he tells me before I feel wetness encircle my nipple. He groans around the bud, pinching it with his teeth, driving me absolutely insane.
“Oh my God,” I breath, falling into euphoric bliss from all the blind sensations. My hips buck up into him, and I leverage myself on the bed the best I can to slide my underwear up and over his dick, not caring how embarrassing what I'm doing is. I want him. I want him more than I've ever wanted a man. I'm more turned on than I've ever been in my entire life. And the thought that I can't have him feels like it might destroy me.
He doesn't reprimand me, and he doesn't stop. Instead, he pushes back, his cock so rigid that I worry it might break through his pants, tear through my underwear, and plunge inside of me. How I wish it was capable of that. How I wish we could both just give in.
His breathing becomes ragged, and I can sense that he's starting to lose control. All this time, he's been perfectly poised, his breathing steady, his movements seemingly planned. There's a crack in his impeccable exterior though. His hands are getting rough, groping with fervor. The bites of pain are becoming more frequent. He kisses a sloppy path from one breast to the other, drawing my nipple into his mouth and causing me to cry out as he sucks a little too hard. I never knew that pain could feel this good, and that somehow makes me feel both empowered and frightened. 
The friction is building between my legs, and every touch of his lips and his hands only stimulates me more. He's rubbing me so hard, sucking until the sensitive nerves in my nipples are throbbing. I can feel my heartbeat between my legs. 
And then my body just gives in. 
An orgasm rips through me the likes of which I've never experienced before. Even though I'm blindfolded, I see a myriad of colors as my clit pulses with release, my sex clenching around nothing. I cry out, and every muscle in my body relaxes all at once. It feels like I'm falling. Falling and falling into a space where everything is perfect.
“Oh shit,” he curses, and I feel him suddenly withdraw from me completely. His hands, his mouth, his cock. All gone. The bed creaks as he shifts his weight, and all I hear is his heavy breathing.
For several moments, there's nothing. As my body calms from the incredible climax that I just had, I realize that everything has stopped.
“Are you alright?” I ask, concern quickly building up inside of me as I wonder if I did something wrong.
“Yeah,” he replies, his voice oddly flat. 
His breathing is still a bit erratic, but it's starting to return to normal. Briefly, I think about asking him if he came, but I refrain. Of course, he didn't. He's used to doing this stuff with girls. Besides, he's still wearing pants. 
The room is silent for a few more minutes before I finally feel his hand on me again. I jump slightly as his fingertips touch the seam of my sex through my underwear. Reflexively, I try to close my legs, not wanting him to see the wetness there, but he keeps them opened with his thighs.
“Don't fight it. You're so beautiful. So wet down here.”
“I just came,” I grumble.
“Sir. I just came, Sir.” He threads his finger through the crotch of my underwear and snaps it. 
I refuse to give him the pleasure of hearing me repeat his words, so I just lay there, waiting for his next move. For a while, he simply rubs the back of his fingers gently over my moistened pussy lips. It's teasing, but nothing unbearable. Not after the amazing orgasm I just had. 
The bed creaks beneath us when he shifts his weight, and then I hear the sliding of the bedside table drawer. My heart pounds in my chest as I wonder what he's going to do to me now. Inside though, I know. It's the only other thing I checked off on my list.
A familiar high pitched buzzing sound fills the room. 
“Do you know what this is?” he asks.
I do know. It's some type of sex toy. I wish I could see it. Wish I could see how thick it is. What kind it is. I marked off dildo play on the list, but that's not a one-size-fits-all answer. It could be huge. And to be honest, I'm not exactly sure what he plans to do with it.
“Don't worry, it's brand new,” he tells me.
I hadn't thought to worry about that, but now that he's mentioned it, I feel relieved. “Can I see it, Sir?”
“No.” 
The buzzing stops, and the bed shifts again. I feel his fingers slip beneath the waistband of my panties, and he moves back to pull them down and off. A blush covers my cheeks as I realize that I'm practically completely naked on the bed before him. Everything up to this point has been very intimate, but this adds a new layer to things.
“Spread your legs for me.”
I hesitate for a moment, not wanting to feel so exposed. When I don't move immediately, he grabs my thighs and begins to spread them. A pathetic cry leaves my lips as I draw my hands down to cover my face, feeling the soft brush of his tie against my nose.
“Hands above you head,” his voice takes a stern turn, demanding my obedience.
I raise my hands up again, shuddering as I feel the cool air in the room playing against my heated core. He can see all of me now, see how ripe with desire I am for him. It feels like I'm dripping, but I'm never as wet as I think I am. Still, it's embarrassing imagining it.
“Mmm. You've got a beautiful pussy.” His finger makes a swiping pass between my lips, and then I hear a wet sound. “You taste amazing.”
My cheeks light up as I realize he's sucking my juices off of his finger. There's an aching between my legs to have him there. Any part of him. His mouth, his fingers, his cock. God how I want his cock inside of me, to feel it stretch me. I'll just have to pretend though. Pretend that the dildo is him.
“Do you want me to touch you down here?” He presses the pad of his index finger against my clit, causing it to pulse with approval.
“Yes, Sir,” I breathe shamelessly before biting my bottom lip.
“Fucking hell, you're so hot. Do you realize that you almost made me nut on myself?” His thumb circles my cleft, too delicately. He's teasing me again, going to make me writhe, make me want to beg like before.
“So that's what happened?” There's a smile in my voice. I know I'm challenging him, but I don't care. Part of me wonders what other punishments are up his sleeve.
His thumb presses hard against me, rotating, drawing friction and pleasure up from my depths. Then it slows. I expect him to respond, but he doesn't. Instead, he just rubs me. Slowly. Tortuously.
Eventually, I start moving my hips along with his strokes, trying to garner more friction from his hand. This seems to displease him, because he pulls away completely, leaving me wanting more.
“I've got something for you,” he tells me. Almost as soon as he says it, I hear the buzzing sound again. It's easy to follow the audible cues, to know exactly where he's putting the device.
It moves closer and closer to my clit, and I hold my breath, waiting for impact. He teases it over each pussy lip. The vibrations are too gentle to do much, and to be honest, I'd rather still have him touching me than the toy.
Finally, he presses the tip of the toy against my clit. I cry out from the sudden stimulation and squirm. Just from the bit of play so far, I can tell that the toy isn't very big, which I'm relieved about. The last thing I want is him shoving a monster dick inside of me, especially if it's not attached to his body. This, I can handle, though it probably won't do me as good as he could, I think lecherously.
I relax and enjoy the sensations of him teasing me with the toy. He probes it at my entryway for a bit before sliding it inside. My body clenches around it reflexively, and I try to imagine that it's his cock pumping in and out of me. It's not big enough to be a cock though. The thing is barely thicker than a large tampon. Still, it feels good knowing that he's playing with me.
“You look bored.” He pulls the dildo out of me.
“Not bored. Just relaxing.” I sigh contently.
“We'll have to change that.”
What I feel at my entryway next is much more...fleshy. My heart skips a beat a second before I realize that it's two of his fingers. I feel stupid for not realizing that right away. For hoping beyond hope that it was his dick instead.
He slides one finger inside of me, and I groan, my body quickly squeezing around it. When he presses the other one into me, I whimper slightly. Damn, his fingers are big. Uncomfortably big, but not painful. It takes a moment for me to adjust, but once I do, I'm in heaven. 
“Better?” he asks.
“Mhm.” I nod, parting my lips to pant as he curls his fingers inside of me and begins slowly thrusting in and out.
“I think it's about time for the grand finale.”
“The grand finale?” My eyebrows crease.
The buzzing returns, but it's different. Before, it was weak. This time, it sounds like the thing is on sonic speed. 
When he pushes the tip against my clit, the vibrations are almost more than I can handle. At the same time, he thrusts deeply into me with his fingers. So deep that I nearly choke on my own moan. He plunges his fingers into me repeatedly, scissoring them and making them feel impossibly wide while he assaults my clit with the vibrator.
I can't hold on. The sensations are overwhelming. Overload. 
A torrent of pleasure cries fall from my lips as my body shatters, my cunt hugging around his fingers while my clit throbs from the orgasm. It came on so quickly that I didn't even have a chance to prepare myself. Not that one actually needs to be prepared for an orgasm.
Almost the second the contractions overtake me, he's pulling the vibrator away and finishing me off with his thumb, feeling my clit pulse beneath it while he finger fucks me until the room is full of nothing but the sounds of heavy breathing and my moaning. 
“You feel so sweet, coming all over my hand.” He lets out a short growl as he leans over to take my nipple between his teeth and gives it a good tug, sending a final tendril of pleasure through me. Then his fingers leave me, as does the rest of him, and I feel absolutely exhausted, simply lying there and catching my breath.
The bed shifts as he crawls off of it, and I'm left wondering what happens next. Even though I can't see through the blindfold, my head tries to follow him. It does a poor job though. I'm looking towards the foot of the bed, and before I know it, I can feel his hands unbinding my wrists. He slips the tie off of them, and then he leaves me again, his footsteps padding around the bed towards the chair. I stay in place, not wanting to move, wondering if he went to get some other implement to tease me with.
There's a rustling in the corner, which I can only associate with clothing. That's when I realize he's putting his shirt back on, and I try my best not to scowl. Our session is over. 
“Can I take the blindfold off now?” I ask, trying not to sound upset.
“Yes. I'll leave you so that you can get dressed. Once you're done, you're free to go.”
By the time I pull the blindfold off, he has already buttoned his shirt to the top. Internally, I curse myself for not being more insistent about keeping the blindfold off. This is the regret I was worried about, but I still think it was worth it to experience the whole plethora of what I had signed up for. 
He doesn't even tie the tie. He just slips it around his neck before heading toward the door. I stare at him, expecting him to say something. Anything. He doesn't though.
“Thanks,” I say pathetically, trying to catch him before he disappears out of my life forever.
He casts a glance at me over his shoulder, looking distant and cold. “You're welcome.” 
Then he's gone, and I'm left wondering if everything that happened was real, or if he was just a dream. 






CHAPTER TWO


“How was it?” Janice throws herself down on the sofa beside me.
Part of me hates her for suggesting the place to me to begin with. It's been like a game of follow the leader these past few months. She's been on a big BDSM kick, and has somehow managed to reel me in and drag me along. Her obsession was progressive. It went from reading books to watching porn to finally seeking out Flesh, the quasi-secret establishment that hooks up would-be submissives with experienced Dominants. 
When she first told me about it, I thought she was out of her mind. Pay someone for the BDSM experience? You can find Doms on Craigslist for free. Craigslist isn't safe though. And there's no guarantee that the guys you talk to on there are actually Doms. Some of them are just into abuse and use Craigslist as an avenue to draw in inexperienced women looking to try out the lifestyle for the first time.
Flesh is the real deal. Not only is it a community, but they also have a learning center, a club, and then the extra secret service which Janice and I have recently partaken in. 
I made her go first, because I was absolutely terrified of the idea. Scared that the guy would want to whip me and do other things I was almost certain I wouldn't enjoy. I was fearful for Janice when she went in for her session, but when she came back raving, curiosity got the better of me, and I knew I had to try it. 
My initial consultation put my mind more at ease. I was given a list of actions that could be performed and was told that the Dominant would only do the ones I marked off. The list itself was a mile long and filled with tons of unmentionables, and even a few things I'd never heard of before. In truth, I'm not into the BDSM thing as much as Janice is. Sensuality appeals to me more than being spanked and forced and punished, and so I chose the mildest options on the list. Basically just stuff that would give me a pleasurable sexual experience without making me feel like I was some overbearing asshole's plaything.
When I walked into my scene room at Flesh, I wasn't sure what to expect. I had been nervous and shy and afraid. But the evening turned out to be far more than I could have ever hoped for, and I can now understand how people get hooked on this stuff. 
It felt good to have a man tending to all of my needs. But at the same time, it felt wrong. He wasn't my boyfriend. He wasn't even a guy who could potentially be my boyfriend. He was a stranger, paid to please me. Did I just buy a prostitute? Though there was no real sex involved, it sure felt like it, now that everything was said and done.
“It was interesting.” I stare straight forward at the television, even though it's not on. I hadn't gotten the chance to click the remote before Janice had come around the corner to question me. The smile creasing my lips is enough to tell her that I didn't think it was a bad experience though.
“Did you get the same guy? Mister Clean on steroids.” She's practically wiggling, waiting for me to dish out the details.
“No.” I shake my head, biting my bottom lip as I recall...Sir. I never even got his name.
“Well, what was your guy like?” She looks at me expectantly. 
The truth is, talking about it makes me feel awkward. Not because the discussion revolves around sex. I share all of my personal relationship details with Janice, what little I've had. But the whole BDSM thing is still strange to me, in all facets. It feels weird even talking about it, like the subject is taboo and meant to be kept secret.
“He was tall dark and handsome.”
“That's a bit generic.” Her shoulders slump in disappointment.
I turn to her, trying to seem more enthusiastic. “He had the most amazing blue eyes. They were like . . .” I look around the room, trying to find something to compare them to. There's nothing nearby with their likeliness though. “They were like looking at a pool. A really clean pool. You know, the color of blue that the water is.”
“Sexy.” She shifts her weight and purses her lips. “And his body?”
“Perfect.” I let out a small sigh, thinking of all that rippling muscle. A body that typically only exists in magazines and movies.
“Was he big like my guy? Like, bodybuilder big?”
“Bigger than a swimmer's build. Not as thin, but not bulky enough to be a bodybuilder.” I screw my mouth, trying to remember. He was broad, covering me completely, making me feel small. I liked it, liked knowing that he could overpower me if he wanted to, liked feeling like I was in the presence of a sexual Adonis.
“And what did you guys do?” She pulls her legs up onto the sofa and crosses them, resting her hands in her lap.
“Everything that was on my list,” discomfort shows through in my voice. This is the stuff I don't really want to talk about. 
My experience was so different than Janice's. She went full blast, whips and floggers and paddles. When I originally told her that all I wanted was to be tied up and blindfolded, she laughed at me, telling me I could probably get that much from a vanilla relationship—that I wasn't really interested in the true BDSM experience. Maybe she was right. After she made fun of me, I lied and told her that I would put at least one of the more risque things on my list, but when I went in to fill out my paperwork, I was just too nervous, too unsure, so I went the safe route.
“Let me see those pretty pink welts on your ass.” She leans over and gives my hip a slap. 
My cheeks instantly turn red. “No! Some things need to be kept sacred.” I quickly smooth my skirt down around my thighs, hoping she won't try to pry it up and see that there are no marks there.
“Pish posh. We're best friends. Nothing is sacred...except stealing each other's boyfriends, of course.” Her face goes uncharacteristically deadpan.
“Like that's ever going to happen.” I roll my eyes. Both of us are single, and I haven't had a boyfriend since I moved in with her. 
“Tell me what you did.” She snaps out of her trance and shakes my arm.
I don't want to lie to her, but I need to. She'll never let me live this down if I tell her the truth, that all he did was blindfold me, bind my wrists with a tie, and tease me with a toy. That would be unacceptable to her, a waste of money. “He tied me up to a Saint Andrews Cross, put nipple clamps on me, and flogged me.”
“How many times?” Her large brown eyes blaze with excitement.
“I don't remember.” I shake my head, quickly trying to fabricate details. “At least two dozen times. He didn't do it hard though, since I'm new to this. Not hard enough to leave marks behind. Any lasting ones, at least. It felt good.
“Oh, and he made me thank him after each strike. He was so dominant and demanding. Rough.” Just imagining it is getting me all riled up again, even though that's not what really happened. Maybe I could have done something a bit kinkier than what I had. Perhaps I can handle more than I think.
“It sounds amazing.” Janice looks as if she's fantasizing right along with me, putting herself in my place. 
“It was kind of amazing.” My lips quirk into a smirk as I think about Sir, the way he knew how to get me to obey him without taking things too far. He was a good Dom. A Dom I'd like to see again. 
“We should get Doms of our own.” She decides finally. “Who needs all the bullshit of a boyfriend when you can have a man who tends to your every need.”
“Do you really want a man to dictate everything in your life?” 
She looks me dead in the eye and says, “Yes.”
“Well, I don't. It was fun for what it was, but I prefer to play by my own rules. Plus, I want romance and . . . affection and cuddling.”
“Aftercare.” She taps my knee.
“I didn't get any of that at Flesh. He just left after we finished our scene.” I give her a sarcastic look.
“Maybe your guy was a shitty Dom then. I got it, but only for like three minutes. Sir held me on his lap and stroked my back until my time was over.” She scrunches up her nose. “They are running on a time limit, you know.”
“I'm aware.” I try my best not to grumble. 
For as much as I've been following her around on this little BDSM adventure, this is one place I don't want to go. Experimenting with something new was nice, but I'm perfectly happy with boring vanilla relationships. I want a man to stand by my side, not in front of me, keeping me to his back like a slave.
“I think I'm going to turn in for the night.” I hand Janice the remote and stand up to head to bed.
“He wore you out that much, huh?” She wiggles her eyebrows at me, and I can't help but laugh.
“Yeah. I suppose he did.”
I go to my room, grab my night clothes, and head to the bathroom to take a shower. As the warm water washes down my body, I imagine Sir's hands upon me. He was so hot, so good at touching me. Just fantasizing about it brings my hormones back to life, makes me want to pleasure myself. I've been touched enough for one night though, and I honestly don't want to replace the memory of his hands on me with my own. Not yet. Not tonight.
When I'm done with my shower, I pull my long brown hair into a ponytail and head back to my room. As soon as my ass hits the edge of the bed, my eyes land on a business card on my bedside table. Flesh, it says in large thin letters. Taste the lifestyle is written below it in smaller letters. On the back of the card are the phone numbers for the different departments. I know that without even touching the card, because I called one of those numbers to set up my appointment with Sir.
I pick the card up off the table and stare at it, chewing on my bottom lip as I feel the thickness of it between my fingers. Memories of Sir's rough hands on my breasts, squeezing them and causing that delicious bite of pleasure-pain, make my clit throb. I liked that a lot. Way too much. The way he handled me in a way that no other man has ever dared to. 
A strange feeling swirls in the pit of my stomach. That feeling when you know you're about to do something very wrong. Something you shouldn't. 
I want to see him again. A deep feminine part of me feels like I need to see him again. Is it because I find him attractive, though, or because of what he's done to me? Something inside of me is different—something changed after that session. 
I shake my head, tossing the card back down onto my bedside table as if it just sliced me. We never had sex. I didn't even get the guy's name. Wanting to see him again is illogical—wanting to experience more of his hands on me.
I take a deep breath and lie down, turning off the lights and trying to concentrate on anything else but wanting to see him again. I can't fight my thoughts though, nor my desires. All I see when I close my eyes are those two amazing blue pools that set off the rest of his face, making him look dangerously sexy. I think of his thumb swirling around my cleft, the way he was able to make me come twice without even having sex with me—something no other man has ever been able to do. He was built to pleasure me. Built to drive a forbidden part of me to the surface. And I'm absolutely terrified that I won't be content unless I see him again. 







CHAPTER THREE


I want him. 
It infects every subconscious thought I have. Those two pale blue eyes, gazing down on me with desire. The feel of his hands wandering over my curves. The taste of his lips. The mint on his breath.
We're together in my dreams, not Dominant and submissive, but lovers. He grinds on top of me, his fingers threaded with mine, holding me down as he makes loves to me as if he's reading my mind—knows exactly what my body needs, how to angle his hips, how deeply to thrust inside, how quickly he needs to move to make me orgasm. It has to be a dream, because no one is this perfect.
And when I wake up, I realize that it was a dream. My eyes flutter open, and the image of his face fades. My hormones calm down, and the lingering phantom sensation of him between my legs subsides as I realize that I've woken up alone. Then a wave of sadness washes over me, because I always wake up alone.
He's not real. At least, my idea of him isn't real. I can have him again, but I have to pay a price. And he'll never really belong to me.
If I go back to Flesh—if I see him again—he'll become an addiction. No better than drugs or alcohol or anything else bad. While I'm with him, I'll ride that sexual high that only he can provide. But when it's all over, when I'm alone and in my bed like I am now, all I'll feel is regret. All I'll think about is how pathetic it is that I have to pay a man to pleasure me.
I had my fun with him. My thirty minutes of experiencing the BDSM lifestyle are over. Been there, done that, didn't get the T-shirt. 
If I want to remain sane and grounded, I can't go back. I have to see the experience for what it was, a one-off good time with a handsome stranger. With this new resolve in mind, I sit up, pick the Flesh business card up off of my bedside table, and toss it in the trash, ready to return to my normal life. 

***

Mondays suck. Sometimes, it doesn't feel like there's enough coffee in the world to get me going. At least, I love my job. Not a day goes by that I don't thank God that I was able to land a career in the field that I went to college for. The company I work for isn't the most prestigious one out there, but my boss and co-workers are great, and it pays well enough to keep me from wanting to seek employment elsewhere.
Environ Design has only been around for nine years, and I've worked for them for five of those nine years. I started an internship with them as an interior design assistant when I was in college. Now, I can both decorate and design spaces, but I prefer to stay on the decorator side of things, not that I have much of a choice in the matter. With such a small staff, I pretty much go where I'm needed and do what I'm needed to do.
I get to my desk fifteen minutes early and start up my computer, ready to check out the day's projects. Work has been slow lately, and since I just finalized a project on Friday, any new projects that come in today will probably be passed off to one of my co-workers. If a big project comes through, I might get to stick around and help out. Otherwise, I'll likely get sent home early.
When I open my inbox and find it empty, I scowl. It's a good thing I squirrel back money. Otherwise, these weeks where I make less than forty hours would be a killer. 
“Morning, sugar puss.” Derrick, one of my co-workers, drops himself into one of the chairs in front of my desk. The coffee in his hand sloshes, and he has to move with it to keep it from spilling over.
“Careful there, stud.” I smirk at him over my monitor. “You wouldn't want to get those designer slacks dirty.”
“No, I sure would not.” He sets his coffee down on my desk and then stands to check his pants, making sure there are no stains. “I knew I should have kept the lid on that.”
My gay boyfriend looks impeccable, as normal. Armani from head to toe, not even the dressiest of their catalog, but I'm certain that every single piece of clothing he's wearing is worth at least one week of my salary. Today, he's matched black slacks with shiny loafers and a fitted gilet with a hood. His shoulder-length dirty blonde hair is slicked back, giving him a sleek, sophisticated appearance.
“Get any on you?” 
“Nope. Thank God. I don't have time to go home and change.” He sighs in relief before sitting back down. 
“You don't?” I quirk an eyebrow. “ I guess Tyra gave you a client today.”
He slaps his knees excitedly. “Oh, you betcha. A big client. One of those enormous, gorgeous houses on Shaddelee Lane.”
“Lucky you. A richer,” I tease, trying to hide the jealousy I'm feeling inside. It seems like I'm always assigned the small three bedroom houses with the clients who are on a budget, while my co-workers land all the huge projects—the ones that are the most fun, where you can go batshit crazy designing the perfect space because the client has no concept of price limit.
“Lucky us. You're going to work on it with me.” His eyes widen with happiness before he puts his index finger over his lips to shush me. “But don't say anything to Tyra about it. You're not supposed to know.” He drops his voice to a whisper, leaning over my desk slightly so I can hear him better. “It's an extremely high profile client, and Tyra says that if we do a good job on this one, we'll both get a huge bonus.”
Bonus. The word is music to my ears. It's not a word we hear often, and it's typically only associated with clients who have very loose wallets. 
“Haven't heard that word in a while.” The last time I got a bonus was a year and a half ago when we were sent in to redesign an office building. 
“I know. I'm so excited.” He's practically wiggling, making a clapping motion without touching his hands together so as not to attract too much attention from our other co-workers. I wish I had a fraction of his energy. Always excited about everything. No wonder he's so damned skinny. 
“Morning, you two.” Tyra comes out of her office and stands in front of the doorway, looking at us. “Can I see you in my office?”
“Sure.” Derrick drops the smile from his face, going deadpan in an instant, as if we're in trouble instead of about to be put on an amazing assignment. 
We both grab our coffees before heading into Tyra's office. She closes the door behind us, and we take our seats on the other side of her desk. All I want to do is grin as I think about the bonus, but I know I have to remain composed. My last one was a little over a grand, enough to put a down payment on a new car. Maybe I can get a new living room suite with this one. The living room suite that Janice and I have now she inherited from her deceased grandmother, and none of the furniture matches. It's a bit nerve-racking having to look at it every day, especially since I'm in the interior design business. 
“How was your weekend, guys?” Tyra smiles at us as she circles around to sit in her plush black office chair. 
“Good,” Derrick and I both respond, nodding and looking at each other. Normally, he would be more chatty. He's always spending his weekends going out to clubs or hanging out with friends or having socials, and he typically loves to gush about it on Mondays. Not today though. Today, we're both waiting to hear about the project. Waiting to hear that magical word. Bonus. 
A smirk quirks the side of Tyra's full lips, and she gives Derrick a sarcastic look. “You told her, didn't you?”
One of his hands immediately jumps to his chest, and the fake offended expression he gives her is enough to make me laugh. “I would never.”
“What's the project?” I ask, trying to pull Derrick out of hot water by diverting her attention, though I doubt Tyra is really mad at him. We all know he can't keep his mouth shut about anything for too long. 
She glares at him from across the desk for a moment, though there's no real ill intent behind it, then she grabs her mouse, gives it a few shakes to breathe life back into her computer, and starts clicking buttons to bring up the new client's file. When she has it displayed, she stands to turn her monitor to face us. On the screen is a gorgeous Mediterranean mansion nestled against a lake.
My mouth falls agape at the sheer size of the place, and I jump slightly as I feel Derrick's hand slide on top of mine on my lap. When I glance over at his face, all I see are money signs behind his chocolate eyes, though I know he appreciates the house just as much as I do for its beauty and the potential it has to be a fun project. 
“It has five bedrooms and seven bathrooms, almost seven thousand square feet of space, and the owner wants the entire thing redecorated aside from two rooms,” Tyra begins rambling the details off to us. “We're talking rugs, furniture, art work, plants, anything else you can think of that will fit. He wants the vast majority of the old furnishings taken out, packed, and transported to a storage facility, which we're also going to help him with. Basically, the entire house is getting a facelift.
“He says he wants to go modern, but has no eye for design. That's where you two come in.” She crosses her hands on top of her desk. “Now, this client doesn't have a whole lot of time to be involved in the design process. He has a very busy schedule, so we want to make this as easy on him as possible. We'll be keeping contact with him primarily through email. You can email furniture options and your design drafts, and he'll approve them or give feedback. It may turn out to be a lengthy process, but it will be well worth it.”
“Sounds great. When do we start?” Derrick pulls his hand away from mine and leans back in his chair.
The displeased look that Tyra was wearing earlier returns. Her dark eyes blaze into Derrick's for a moment before she turns her attention to me. “That's why I didn't want you to go running your mouth. We haven't actually landed the client yet.”
Hope drips away from me like water from a leaky faucet. The images of new furniture playing in my head quickly fade as I realize that there's no guarantee that we'll hook the client, so getting a bonus was probably just wishful thinking. 
There are two other interior design companies in the area. Both of them have been around longer than we have. Both have worked with several high-profile clients and businesses. The client has probably scheduled a consultation with them as well, which means that we shouldn't even bother getting excited, because he'll likely choose one of them over us.
“I'm sending you both out this afternoon for a consultation with the client. I want you to be as professional and attentive as possible. Derrick, you have an amazing eye for design and how spaces should be efficiently used. Amy, you're charismatic and have a knack for working with difficult clients. I want you both to put this man's mind at ease that we can take care of anything that he needs, even if it goes beyond the scope of what we normally do.
“Show him your experience. Take one room, and walk him through the design process, your suggestions and recommendations. If he wants something specific, agree with him as much as you can, but also try to steer him in the right direction. We need to land this client. It would be a huge break for our company and could lead to a lot more high-profile clients in the future, which means more money for all of us.”
Now that I'm over the idea that we might actually procure the client and get a bonus, I focus on Tyra's assessment of me. Charismatic is not a word I would ever associate with myself. Shy, yes. Charismatic, no. My passive nature and fear of confrontation are what typically helps me to work with difficult clients. It has little to do with me actually being able to control another person's emotional state. I tend to cave under pressure. And to be honest, I'm certainly not the most experienced person in the office. Definitely not the person I would send to deal with a client of this magnitude. I suppose I should be flattered and grateful though. 
“Who is the client?” Derrick asks, still very interested. It looks like he's more confident in our abilities than I am. Maybe some of that will rub off on me on the car ride over to the client's location. I'm not going to hold out too much hope though.
“His name is Lucian Reddick.” Tyra pauses, perhaps expecting us to recognize the name. I draw a blank, and when I look over at Derrick, I can tell that he's never heard the name before either. “He's a plastic surgeon to the stars,” she clarifies.
“Ah, I see. Yes. So, if we do a good job, word of mouth might get to some of his celebrity clients.” Derrick puts the obvious pieces together.
“That's my hope.” 
I stare at the house, trying to come up with something helpful, something that will make us seem more personable and trustworthy. “Does he have kids? I could bake some cookies to take with us.”
“We didn't discuss his family, but that's not a bad idea.” Tyra points at me and beams. “See, I knew I put together the right team for the job. You guys are gonna knock him dead. I just know it.”
Oh God, she's way too hopeful. That means she's going to be grumpy and depressed if we don't get this. 
“I hope he likes chocolate chip,” I let out a dry laugh, trying to pretend to be enthusiastic about the consultation, when all that's really going through my head is the fear of letting Tyra down. 
Bribery doesn't always work, but it's worth a try. Besides, if I can think of any way to help draw the client in, I should implement it. Not only would it mean a big bonus for Derrick and I, but it would also bolster our careers. Maybe we'd even get a raise. Whatever the reward—whatever my pessimism—I need to take this seriously. I need to do whatever it takes to land this client.






CHAPTER FOUR


Derrick's eyes shift from the road to my lap. The smell of a dozen freshly baked chocolate chip cookies fills the car and makes both of our stomachs gurgle. It's not that we haven't eaten. It's just that they smell so damn good. 
“He won't miss just one.” Derrick makes a grab for the plate, and I have to jerk it away. I know he did it in jest, but it's not really funny. Even though the cookies are covered with saran wrap, the last thing I need is for them to slide off of my lap and fall on the floor.
“Pay attention to the road,” I snap at him.
“We're going to have to go eat after this. That smell is making me feel like I'm starving.” He groans, his shoulder slumping in defeat.
“Hey, it seemed like a good idea at the time.” I stare down at the cookies, feeling my stomach tighten as another audible growl rumbles through it.
“It was a brilliant idea.” Derrick straightens himself. “Kids love cookies. And even if he doesn't have kids, the way to a man's heart is through his stomach.”
“And if he has a wife?” I raise an eyebrow.
“Women like chocolate.” He cocks his head to the side thoughtfully. He has a point. I probably wouldn't turn down chocolate unless it was from my worst enemy. “Seriously, though, just looking at those is making me hungry.”
“What do you want me to do, put them in the backseat?” I glance over my shoulder. Derrick's car is immaculately clean. The thought of potentially getting cookie crumbs on his leather seats makes me feel uneasy. While I don't think that he'd complain about it directly to my face, I don't want it to be an issue at all.
“Just set them on the floorboard. They'll be fine.”
I do as I'm told, trying my best not to spill the plate as I maneuver around the small space. There's barely enough room for my legs, let alone a plate of cookies. In the end, I have to straddle the plate with my feet so it will fit.
“Did you do any research on the client today?” Derrick asks.
“No. Did I need to?” I give him a confused look.
“It would have been a good idea. Guys like that love to have their egos stroked. You should say that you're a fan of his.”
“You should say that.” I scowl. Plastic surgery has never had any appeal to me. While we'd all like to change some things about ourselves, I feel like we are made the way we are for a reason. There's no reason to mess up God's work with fake boobs or butt implants.
“Do I look like I need plastic surgery, honey?” He rolls his eyes.
“Are you saying that I do?” My mouth falls open for a split second before I sock him in the arm.
“Ow!” He winces. “I'm driving. And that hurt. You can really hit, for a girl. You know I was just joking.”
“Less joking, more paying attention to the road.” I nod ahead. “Give me the brief on what I should know about this guy.”
“Well,” he drags out the word. “He's worked on all the hottest actors and actresses in Hollywood. Most of them fly out here for his services. Apparently, if you're in the spotlight, and you need work done, you go to him. 
“He's fairly young, for a surgeon. His parents were both politicians, so he comes from money. I can only assume he's going to be an entitled prick. Lots of ego stroking with this one.” He makes it sound exhausting. Derrick is great at ego stroking though. If there was an award for ass kissing, he'd win it, hands down. Every client, he treats like they're the most important person in the world. That's the real reason Tyra sent him. I'm still confused about why she sent me. 
As silence finally settles over us, my mind begins to drift. I know I should be focusing on how to please this potential new client, but thoughts of my session at Flesh yesterday keep creeping in to take over. In my mind, I visualize the business card that I threw in the trash. Silently, I pray that Janice doesn't take the trash out today. Then I chastise myself for thinking that. 
My experience at Flesh was a one-time thing. It was exciting and fun and kinky, but it was wrong somehow. I shouldn't have to pay a man to please me, and I shouldn't crave being roughly handled. My ideal relationship had always revolved around romance up until Janice introduced me to the world of BDSM. The thought of a man sweeping me off my feet, kissing me passionately, and making love to me sweet and slow had been what got me going. Now, I'm thinking of silk ties and blindfolds and pale blue eyes. 
It has to be my internal obsession with him that makes me want more, not the acts themselves. Sir was so incredibly gorgeous that I probably would have enjoyed anything he did to me. Maybe I even would have liked it if he had flogged me—done the things I had lied and told Janice that he had done.
No. That's preposterous. My pain tolerance has always been relatively low, and I've never really associated whipping and flogging with pleasure. It looks interesting, observing it on the computer, safely away from the reality of the kind of emotions and physical sensations that would cause. In practice, though, I'm not interested. 
More than likely, I'm just craving closeness. I've been single for so long. Haven't met anyone decent since high school. David. The love of my life who went off to be an astronaut. Lofty dreams pulled us apart. I never would have wanted to be the one to stand in the way of his goals. I'm glad I didn't. I'm glad he moved out of state to go to college, far away from me, even if it broke my heart. 
According to social media, he lives in Houston now with his beautiful wife and their two kids. I still haven't been able to move on. He was my first real love, the only man I've given myself to, and I've compared every man to him ever since. No one has stacked up. No one has even come close to stacking up. 
I glance over at Derrick. At least, I'll always have my gay boyfriend. We don't hang out very often, but Derrick has always been there when I've needed him. Ever since I started working for Environ Design, he's taken me under his wing. It feels like he's the closest thing I'll ever have to a real boyfriend, at this point.
Maybe my little tryst at Flesh wasn't the worst thing. Lately, it feels like my life has been going nowhere, that I've fallen into a lull of repetition. Wake up, go to work, come home, go to bed. Occasionally, go out with Janice and Derrick on the weekends. Maybe meet a guy I think I might be interested in. Then realize that he either has a crappy job, emotional issues, or drama surrounding him. Compare him to David. Run in the other direction. I've even turned a few acceptable guys away because they just weren't what I was looking for. I don't really know what I'm looking for anymore. Maybe I should just stop looking.
“Derrick.” I fidget with my fingernails, realizing that we're approaching the destination, and I need to get my thoughts out quickly if we're going to discuss them at all. When Tyra told me that we had an assignment together today, my mind went wild with the conversation that Derrick and I were going to have about my adventurous time at Flesh. But once we got into the car, I became so focused on the upcoming appointment that I pushed it off to the side. That's probably for the best. This stuff really isn't that important, but I still feel the need to talk about it.
“Hm?” he replies absentmindedly.
I hesitate, not sure how to word things without sounding shady. “Do you think it's wrong to want someone if the only way you can spend time with them is when they're at work?” 
His body seems to stiffen a bit, and he narrows his brows as if he doesn't quite understand the question. I open my mouth to try to clarify it, but then he says, “No. I don't think that's wrong.”
I'm not sure what I should take from his answer, especially since I don't think he understood the question. My wording was so cryptic. It could have meant a dozen things aside from my intended meaning. Now I just feel stupid. I should come right out and say what I'm talking about, tell him about Flesh, but it's kind of embarrassing, knowing that it will sound like I'm confusing physical pleasure with emotional fulfillment. They're not the same thing. I'll never be emotionally fulfilled as long as I'm paying for attention. I have my own answer. It is wrong if I start getting attached to a phantom.
I try not to brood too much as I realize that throwing the card away was a good thing. It doesn't feel good, but oftentimes, the right thing never does. I'll get over it. I just need time. Time for the experience to fade from my mind. Time to distance myself from all things BDSM related and redirect my focus on finding a healthy relationship with a man who will respect me and treat me as his equal. The perfect guy for me is out there somewhere. I know he is. He has to be.
We pull onto Shaddelee Lane, and immediately I feel a tightness in my chest. I'm getting nervous, but I'm not sure why. There's no way we're going to land this client when there are two bigger fish circling around him. High-profile clients typically want the cream of the crop, and while our company is good, it doesn't have as many accolades as the others. All we can do is try our best and expect it to be a complete waste of time. At least, we'll still get paid for the consultation. 
“This is it,” Derrick says when we reach the end of the street and pull up in front of the behemoth of a house. 
It's every bit as beautiful as it was in the pictures. The concrete driveway is patterned to look like tile and seamlessly integrates with the path leading up to the house. Palm trees dot the small front yard, surrounded by perfectly manicured shrubberies and lush green grass. The terracotta color of the house and white trimmed windows give it an exotic feel, more like a vacation resort than a home.
I try not to gawk too much as I follow Derrick up the path to the door with my plate of cookies in hand. It's a shame we probably won't actually be able to work with the house, but at least it will be fun getting to take a look inside. A place like this is my dream home, something I'd never be able to afford on my salary. 
When we reach the front door, we both take a moment to compose ourselves. Derrick clears his throat and boots up his tablet while I smooth the wrinkles out of my blouse and pencil skirt and make sure the cookies didn't shift too much during the ride. I had stacked them meticulously onto the plate, wanting them to look picture perfect. 
“You ready?” Derrick asks me, taking a deep breath. I can tell he's nervous. We both are. Landing this client seems every bit as important to him as it does to Tyra. He really wants that bonus.
“As ready as I'm going to be.” I sigh, shifting my weight and staring up at the door.
Derrick brushes a strand of hair behind my ear. I hadn't even noticed it had come loose from my ponytail, with all the butterflies in my stomach fighting for my attention.
“Thanks.”
“No problem.” He leans forward to ring the doorbell. Then we wait.
I feel like a statue, standing there with the biggest fake smile I can muster plastered across my face. I hold the cookies at chest level, wanting them to be the first thing the client sees when he opens the door. The cookies, not my chest. 
In my head, I go over the strategy that Derrick and I had planned out. He'll take the lead on the walk-through with the client, showcasing the work we've done, getting details about the client's needs, and giving him an example of how we'd redecorate one of the rooms in the house, and I'll busy myself with entertaining Doctor Reddick's wife and kids, if he has any, getting her opinion on things, acting like a trusted friend, and trying to convince her that our design process won't disrupt their lives at all. Sometimes, you can negate the husband's desires if you can convince the wife that you're the right person for the job. It's always best to try to woo them both equally.
I listen for footsteps on the other side of the door, but if there's someone there, they're moving soundlessly. A lot of these big houses have good insulation, and you can't always hear what's going on inside. It feels like a short forever before the door handle turns. My palms are sweating with anticipation beneath the plate of cookies, and all I keep thinking about is how we can't screw this up.
When the door opens, I expect to see a man in his mid-forties with salt and pepper hair and a charming smile. Maybe he has his beautiful wife by his side or a child hanging off of his hip. Like any rich surgeon, he'd be dressed dapper, perhaps in golfing attire. 
It takes my eyes and mind a minute to adjust to reality. My mouth falls open, and the cookies that I've been so anal about not messing up slip from my hands like sand. 
Everyone moves at once to retrieve them. Doctor Reddick manages to catch the plate, but at least half of the cookies slide out from under the saran wrap and make a crumby mess on his front porch. I'm on my hands and knees in an instant, keeping my eyes low and apologizing profusely as I gather the cookies up off the floor. My heart is pounding so hard that I can feel it in my throat. I don't want to be here. Just want to disappear. Don't want to look up. Because if I look up, I'll see those two blue pools. I'll feel things I shouldn't. And oddly, right now, feeling embarrassment from my clumsiness is a lot better than feeling shame from the realization that I know this man. 
Sir now has a name, and it's Lucian Reddick. 
“Doctor Reddick,” Derrick quickly tries to salvage the situation, extending his hand in greeting to distract Lucian from trying to help me. “My name is Derrick Hoover, and this is my partner Amy Underwood. We're from Environ Design, here to give you your interior design consultation.”
I finish picking up the cookies and stand, though I can't force myself to look at Lucian. Man, am I ever screwing this up. Just knowing he's standing in front of me, only a few feet away, is doing strange things to me, and not all of them are good. I feel nauseous and horrified and aroused, all at the same time. And even though I can't look at him, I'm acutely aware of the skin-tight black T-shirt he's wearing and distressed jeans. Good God, he's far more gorgeous in the sunlight. Far more pale. His hair darker. His eyes bluer. It makes me sick to think that I just made myself look like a complete klutz in front of him.
“I made you cookies,” I say awkwardly.
“I see that,” he replies slowly, as if he thinks I'm stupid. Oh God, he does think I'm stupid. I'm sure acting stupid, but I can't seem to do anything about it.
I can feel eyes on me. His eyes. Derrick's eyes. The sweating that started at my palms takes over my entire body. Even though my blouse is short-sleeved, and I'm wearing a skirt, the air feels too hot. Stifling. I just want to run back to Derrick's car and leave.
“Shall we.” Lucian's feet leave my line of sight, and I can only assume he's showing us in, because Derrick steps forward. I follow behind like a mouse, looking everywhere but at the man who had me under his broad muscular body just last night. 
We enter the grand foyer, and the first thing I notice, since I'm looking down, is the gorgeous marble flooring. My awe ends there though. As I finally force my eyes up, I realize why Doctor Reddick called us. The inside of the house is an interior decorating disaster. None of the furniture matches. The walls are cluttered with old pictures and paintings of various styles. It looks like someone took everything they'd ever collected in their entire life and just placed it out randomly with no thought as to how everything looks together. Awful, and definitely not what I expected from a man who seemed so put together. 
“Let's take these to the kitchen.” Lucian lifts up the plate of what remains of the cookies and leads us towards the kitchen.
My eyes roam over the dining room and formal living room as we pass them. Every room is decorated so differently, with no thought towards cohesion. The only thing that is consistent is the clutter. It's sad to see a house that's so beautiful on the outside look so chaotic on the inside.
We reach the kitchen, and Lucian sets the plate of cookies on the island. To my surprise, he reaches under the saran wrap to grab one, taking a bite. His attention is entirely focused on Derrick, as if the moment he took the plate from my hand, I ceased to exist. Part of me wonders if he even remembers me, and that part is both pissed off and sad. 
Derrick flanks Lucian's side, tapping the screen of his tablet to life before launching into his presentation on the work our company has done in the past. I feel like a ghost, left out. Derrick is obviously pissed at me for dropping the cookies. There's this silent vibe flowing off of him, telling me to stay away so I don't fuck anything else up.
I throw away the ruined cookies I've been holding. Then I take the non-verbal queue of shunning and decide to walk aimlessly around the kitchen, admiring it, trying to seem like I'm actually doing something. The expansive chef's kitchen is rather impressive, with three dishwashers and a separate refrigerator and freezer. The guy must do a lot of cooking to need all of this. He also must have kids. No one has this big of a kitchen and doesn't have kids. Which means he also probably has a wife. My heart sinks at the thought, though I'm not sure why. Maybe because I feel like a home-wrecker now. Does his wife even know he does the BDSM thing when he's not playing doctor? It's none of my business, but I can't help but wonder.
Derrick finishes his presentation, and Lucian doesn't seem too impressed. Or if he is impressed, it doesn't show. 
“Let me tell you what I'm interested in,” he begins, as if Derrick was making the consultation all about our company, which he kind of was. “I inherited this house from my parents a year ago. This is all of their stuff, and as you can tell, there's a lot of it. I've been putting off doing redecorating because, well, that's my business, not yours. Anyway, the point is that I'm ready now. I have a busy schedule and a lot of money, so it's just easier to have someone else handle everything for me. I'm wanting to go contemporary and for this to be an inviting space where I can bring friends and clients, because right now, it's very rare that I entertain here.”
“Alright. So modern with a lot of space.” Derrick taps notes into his tablet. “Are you wanting to go with one specific color scheme through the entire house or do you want to diversify? What about structural changes to the house? New paint? Tile? Adding and/or removing any walls or windows?”
“As far as any structural changes to the house are concerned, I'd like to leave it as is. There's Turkish Marble throughout, very expensive stuff. I definitely don't want that replaced. And I don't want it to get messed up while furniture is being moved around and what not,” he says firmly. 
Doctor Diva, I smirk to myself. Really happy we're not going to get him as a client. My fumble should be proof enough that careful isn't something we do well. Not so much the company, but me. I am a representative of the company though, a reflection. If he doesn't remember me from Flesh and is basing his choice on first impressions, we've already lost him. 
“The walls are lovely,” I chime in. “I wouldn't change them.” My eyes dance over the soft beige paint and white trim. 
Both Derrick and Lucian look at me, but neither of them say anything. In an instant, I'm forgotten again. Did I even speak at all?
“So you basically just want us to move everything that's in here now out into a storage facility and then come in and redecorate. I think we can do that.” Derrick nods. “Shall I go over the decorating process with you while my partner takes some pictures of the house?”
That's my queue to bust out my digital camera. At least, this gives me something to do while they're talking business. I don't really want to be around them anymore anyway. While I still feel nervous, the daydreaming sickness has worn off. Lucian Reddick is a dick. I'm glad that I threw that business card away.
I lift up my camera and try to let them know that I'm going to walk around to take pictures, but I'm just ignored again, so I go about my job, trying to capture every angle of each room. I start in the kitchen, then move into the formal living room and continue to the dining room from there. Derrick spirits Lucian away to his bedroom, one of the easiest rooms to do a redesign on. I'm left alone, but I prefer it that way. I feel a lot less nervous without them standing around.
I walk into a room that's a small home gym. There's a treadmill, elliptical, and free weights. One wall is lined with mirrors. On the opposite wall is a huge big-screen television mounted for easy viewing. Compared to the rest of the house, this room is perfectly laid out. It won't need a redesign. 
I'm about to move on to the next room when Derrick comes to retrieve me. Lucian whizzes past us, his cell phone held up to his ear.
“He got an emergency call,” Derrick tells me. “We have to leave. He says he'll reschedule later.”
Oh, thank God. Pretending like I'm working is always lame, especially when I know there's no point to it. It's obvious that Lucian isn't interested in what we're offering. The call probably wasn't even important. He likely just faked it to get us to leave sooner.
I follow Derrick toward the front door, trailing behind him like a puppy. Lucian is already there, holding the door open for us as he talks into his phone. He barely even glances at me as I step out behind Derrick. Then the door is closed on my heels, and the horrible, awkward consultation is over. 

***

“Did you really have to drop the cookies?” is the first thing Derrick says to me when we're safely buckled up in his car.
“Yup. As soon as I saw the guy, I knew he'd be a prick, so I thought I'd rescue you from having to deal with him by tossing my cookies at him.” I cock a sideways glance at Derrick and smirk.
Even though he's obviously upset, he can't help but laugh. “He was kind of an asshole, but I still wish you would have tossed a different set of cookies at him. I could really use that bonus,” he sighs.
“Derrick Hoover!” My mouth falls agape, and I reach over to slug him on the shoulder.
“Ow! Don't hit me. And don't act like you weren't thinking about it. I've known you long enough to know you like pretty boys like him.”
“Pfft!” I roll my eyes. “There's not enough pretty in the world to make up for being that much of a dick.”
“I told you he'd be entitled, didn't I?” He points at me as he pulls out of the driveway.
“You did.” I nod, though it's not like I hadn't already figured that out on my own. “So what are we going to tell Tyra?”
Derrick's shoulders slump. “I don't even want to think about that.”
“I know, but you know she's going to ask how the consultation went.”
“I'm going to tell her the truth, that we didn't finish it. The client got a phone call while I was showing him how we'd re-do the bedroom, and he had to leave. It happens when you're a surgeon. Without us doing a full consultation with him, I don't think she can be too pissed if he doesn't pick us,” Derrick's voice is full of uncertainty.
I place a hand on his shoulder and give him an earnest look. “It will be fine. I'm sure he won't be the only high-profile client we ever have.”
“I know, but this guy was like...the gateway to future bonuses. Besides, who knows if we'll get assigned to the next high-profile client, or if Tyra will think that we botched this up and pass them off to someone else. This was a really big deal...for all of us.”
I sigh, suddenly feeling guilty for dropping those cookies. Derrick is right. Gaining Lucian Reddick's business could have been a life changer. Perhaps I should have tried harder. It's too late for should have's though. 
“I'm sorry, Derrick. I really am.” I rest my elbow on the window ledge, staring outside and watching all the other expensive houses pass us by.
“It's alright. You were stressed,” his voice softens with unmerited sympathy. “You were acting like you wanted to talk about something before we got to the house. Is there anything you want to get off your chest?”
“No.” Not anymore. I shake my head slightly. Everything that I was consumed with before we got to the house is behind me now. Lucian Reddick is in my past, and so is Flesh. The confusion is gone, and it's time to move on with the regularly scheduled programming of my life.
We spend the rest of the short commute in silence. When we pull up in front of Environ Designs, and Derrick kills the engine, we both just sit there for several seconds.
“Put on a happy face. Pretend like everything went just as we had planned.” Derrick takes a moment to drill me. “If Tyra thinks we did our best, then maybe she won't cross out the possibility of sending us to work with the next high-profile client.”
I nod curtly. Internally, I'm thankful for Derrick's guidance. Even though I'm kind of glad that things went the way they did, I still feel emotionally frazzled and out of focus. 
“Better get this over with.” I take a deep breath and open my car door to get out.
Derrick and I walk back into the office side by side. As soon as we cross the threshold, I plaster on the best fake smile I can muster. My face hurts from all the fake smiling that I've done today. It feels like I'm trying even harder here than I was in front of the client. This is mostly for Derrick though. As soon as we get to Tyra's office, I plan to rave about him. He doesn't deserve my screwing this up for him.
“Knock, knock.” Derrick pokes his head into Tyra's office.
She's busy eating a sub sandwich, her mouth full from having just taken a bite. She gestures for us to come inside before quickly grabbing a napkin to wipe her mouth. The excited look on her face makes my heart sink. She's expecting good news, and we have none to deliver. Still, I have to pretend. Have to help amp her up, even though nothing good will come from it in the end.
“How'd it go?” she asks, her mouth still full of food, though she gulps it down immediately after the question.
Derrick takes a deep breath and glances over at me, silently telling me to let him do all the talking. “It went well, I thought. Well, it was going well until Doctor Reddick got a phone call.”
Tyra gestures wildly at him with her hand. She takes a drink from the bottle of water on her desk before setting it down, exhaling deeply, and quickly recomposing herself. “I know all about that. Doctor Reddick called me after the two of you left.”
“He did?” The smile on my face falters. I can't even imagine what he said to her. Did he mention my blunder with the cookies? I certainly hope not.
“Yes. He told me that he had an emergency and had to cut the consultation short.” She looks directly at me when she speaks. “He asked if you could come back tonight to finish taking pictures of the house.” 
“Tonight?” I stutter.
“Of course, we can go back tonight. It will be no problem,” Derrick chimes in.
Tyra's happy expression dips for a moment, as if she's about to drop a bomb on us. “He just wants Amy to come back.”
“What?” My mouth falls agape, and I instantly begin to sweat. The last thing I want is to be alone with that guy. He didn't even pay attention to me when I was there the first time. I can't understand why he would want me to come back without Derrick.
“What?” Derrick mimics me with a hint of nastiness in his voice. I can tell what he's thinking. When we were at Lucian's house, Derrick did most of the work. I basically just stood around. He probably feels shafted.
Tyra begins wrapping up the rest of her sandwich. “He specifically requested that Amy come back to take pictures and finish the consultation.”
“Does that mean that I'm off of the job?” Derrick asks.
“No.” Tyra sets her sandwich aside and shakes her head, returning her attention to us. “Doctor Reddick hasn't committed to a contract yet. If he does, I will need both of you on the job. This is just a special request, and I want to accommodate him. I told him that you would be by his house at eight o'clock tonight. I know it's not the ideal time to take pictures, but do your best with what you have to work with. And please, please, please try to convince him to sign. Do whatever it takes, okay?” 
The way she's looking at me makes me feel a little uncomfortable, as if the 'do whatever it takes' part has a very literal meaning. I'm a bit miffed that she agreed to Lucian's demands without consulting me about my afternoon plans first, not that I have any. He is a very important client though, and I shouldn't be surprised that Tyra would break the rules to get him to sign with us. 
I look between her and Derrick and sigh, feeling like there's now an enormous weight on my shoulders. “Alright. I'll be there at eight.”






CHAPTER FIVE


Since there's a good amount of time between when I get off work and when I have to go back to Lucian's house, I go home and change. And I change again. And I change again. It feels like I spend hours standing in front of the mirror, trying on different blouse and skirt combinations, wanting to find the perfect one to...what? This isn't a date. This is me going to meet with a client to finish up a consultation. And besides, I already decided that I don't like the guy, didn't I?
After about the sixth outfit, I sit down on my bed and sigh. Who am I kidding? I'm nervous as hell. Lucian is a complete hottie. Even though I think he's an asshole, I still want him to find me attractive. Maybe he didn't remember me the first time we met, but I'll make damn sure he remembers this time.
Eventually, I settle on a navy blue pencil skirt with a matching blouse. The blouse has a plunging neckline and a peplum waist. It shows off what little cleavage I do have but also hides my tummy. I accessorize it with nude hose and black stilettos. They're the tallest heels that I have in my closet, and this will only be the second time I've ever worn them. Usually, I prefer a smaller heel, somewhere around two inches. These are super sexy though, and they really make my calves pop.
Once I'm dressed, I spend what time I have left fidgeting in the bathroom mirror with my hair and makeup. I pull my long brown hair up into a sleek ponytail, put on some smokey eye shadow to make my green eyes stand out more, and wrap a teardrop necklace around my neck. When I'm done, I look the perfect mixture of professional and sexy, though definitely leaning more on the sexy side. 
Finally, it's time to go. I grab Derrick's tablet and my purse and walk out the door, heading toward a night I'll never forget. 

***

Standing in front of the door to Lucian's house is different this time. I know what to expect. I know who'll come to greet me. At least, I hope I do. If a woman opens the door, I'm going to feel awfully silly for spending so much time in front of the mirror putting myself together. 
I ring the doorbell, straighten the front of my skirt, and stand there waiting. Lucian answers the door moments later wearing a black leather bomber jacket, looking every bit as delicious as he did earlier today. It takes everything in me to still the fluttering in my chest and concentrate on the task at hand.
“Good evening, Doctor Reddick. I'm Amy Underwood from Environ Designs. I'm here as you requested to continue our consultation from earlier. I hope that's alright.” 
“I've been expecting you.” He smiles down at me, the type of smile that would make me drop my underwear right where I stood if I had even the slightest inkling he had sexual intentions. It's unnerving how handsome he is, how hard it is for me to focus on my job now that we're alone.
For a moment, we just stand there staring at each other. I expect him to invite me in, but since he doesn't, I have to change course. Trying not to move too awkwardly, I shift my weight to pull Derrick's tablet from my purse and press the button to bring it to life. “So, we should probably pick up where you and my partner left off.”
“Come in.” He nods into the house, stepping aside so I can enter. “Would you like something to drink?”
“No, thank you. I don't want to take up too much of your time.”
“Well then, I'm going to go make myself a drink, and how about you continue that picture taking you were doing earlier.” He doesn't even wait for my response. Instead, he simply closes the door and walks past me towards the kitchen, leaving me standing there alone and dumbstruck.
I want to growl and scream at him. The nerve of him being so dismissive. 
Calm down, Amy. He's important. Landing him as a client is important. It will make both Tyra and Derrick very happy, and you could really use the bonus. Just do what he wants. Take the pictures. As long as he's pleased with you, maybe he'll sign a contract.
I stow the tablet away and pull out my camera instead, pressing the power button and taking long strides through the house to find where I left off. The sooner I finish taking pictures, the sooner I can get to finishing the consultation, the sooner I can get him to sign the contract, and the sooner I can leave. With that in mind, I continue past the home gym to the next room, which appears to be a small office. I stand inside and snap away, wondering why there's so much unnecessary furniture everywhere.
When I finish with the office, I walk back out into the hall to start on the next room. The door is closed, but that's never deterred me before. I remember Tyra telling us that there are two rooms that Lucian doesn't want us redecorating, but since he's made it a point to ignore me, I figure I'll just take pictures of all the rooms, and then he can tell me which ones he wants to omit later.
I wrap my hand around the handle and pull, but the door doesn't give. It must be locked. I sigh, giving the door a final look before I turn my attention back down the hall.
“That's one of the rooms I don't want redecorated,” Lucian's voice comes out of nowhere, startling me.
My hand flies up to my chest as I turn to find him standing a few feet away with a glass in his hand. The liquid inside is amber. Probably some type of expensive bourbon. That's what all the rich guys drink.
“Alright,” I reply before turning away from him to continue down the hall. I'm not sure if he's expecting me to talk to him or not, but the truth is that he makes me nervous, and I'd rather just do my job and get out of here. 
The next room is a guest bedroom that might have also been used for storage. There are boxes and bags all over the place. Like the office, there are also several unnecessary pieces of furniture. It's like he's trying to fill all the space with stuff. One small step below hoarding. I feel sorry for the moving crew that's going to have to deal with this.
As I stand in the middle of the room and shoot pictures, Lucian leans against the doorway, staring at me. I can feel myself beginning to perspire knowing that his eyes are on me. This isn't the first time a client has watched me work. It's actually pretty normal for the client to follow me around. But it's never felt quite like this. While I'm trying my best to ignore him, I'm very much aware of everything he does. When he shifts his weight. The sound of ice clinking in the glass as he takes a drink. 
“I feel like I've met you somewhere before,” he says finally, squinting at me.
“Nope. I've never seen you before.” I don't even bother looking at him, though I'm definitely watching him in my peripheral vision. 
I just keep clicking away, more so than needed. Taking the same pictures repeatedly because I feel trapped with him standing in the doorway. The heat in the room is stifling. Or maybe it's just me. I can't tell. All I know is that it's starting to feel like I can't breathe.
“I'm pretty sure I have.” He pushes off of the doorjamb and sets his drink on top of one of the two chest of drawers in the room. 
As he approaches me, I feel my heart speeding up. My mind is going wild with panicked questions. What if he remembers me from last night? What is he going to think? Is it going to ruin my chance to get him to sign a contract? 
When Lucian gets to me, I stop snapping pictures and lower the camera, waiting for the memory to kick in of me lying beneath him with a blindfold over my eyes. He's standing close, invading my personal space, but I try not to let it bother me. If he recognizes me, I can't tell. His eyes scan over my face, and there's something incredibly sensual in his expression, though I could just be reading him wrong.
He reaches a hand up, and I feel every cell in my body freeze as his fingers graze over the nape of my neck. Instantly, my hormones light up like a Christmas tree, and his touch causes a shiver to roll down my spine.
He cups the back of my neck with one hand and reaches behind me with the other to remove my ponytail holder. I wince as my hair pulls, but I don't try to wiggle out of his grasp, even though I want to. When my hair is loose, he slides his fingers through it, causing it to cascade over my shoulders and frame my face.
“What are you—” I begin to ask before he leans in, grabs a fistful of my hair and brings it up to his nose to inhale deeply.
“Honeysuckle.” He lets me go, grinning as if he just solved the greatest mystery of the universe. “Didn't you go by something else last night?”
I'm absolutely horrified. Now, I'm not sure what to do. This is beyond awkward.
“This wasn't planned,” I tell him before bending down to search for my ponytail holder. 
“And why should I believe you?” his voice takes a strange dark turn.
I look up, and he's glaring at me, his gorgeous blue eyes full of disapproval. My nerves are going haywire. Now that he knows who I am, I feel like an intruder in his house, like he thinks I deceived him, set up that appointment at Flesh with him so that I'd have a better chance of landing him as a client for my company. Nothing could be further from the truth though. 
“I don't have a good reason. You just should.” I locate my ponytail holder and start pulling my hair up into a ponytail.
“Keep your hair down. I like it better that way.”
“Excuse me.” My hands freeze in my hair as I look at him with my eyebrow cocked.
“Did I stutter?”
A wave of rage rolls through me that I'm forced to bite back. The nerve of this guy. First, he ignores me. Then he basically accuses me of trying to lure him into a contract. And now he's bossing me around. Someone is going for the King Asshole Award.
“If you wouldn't mind, I'd like to continue with my job.” I try to step past him to leave the room, but he moves into my path, a hard wall of muscle and expensive smelling cologne. It invades my nostrils, confusing my senses. 
“You called yourself something else last night. You should never lie to a Dom.”
“I was trying to remain anonymous...for professional reasons. I never got your name either, as I recall.” I stare straight forward, as if I can look through him. I can't though. All I see is the opening in his jacket where his skin-tight T-shirt is peeking through. My mind is stuck on what's underneath it. Smooth pale skin. Broad muscle. The body of a God.
“My name is Sir. It will always be Sir to you.” 
The feel of his fingers on my face causes electricity to shoot down my body, zapping at my clit with tiny contractions. His touch is pure pleasure, and my eyes almost instantly go hooded as I fall under his spell. The way he's speaking to me is so dominant, yet passionate at the same time. It's the same voice he used last night when we were together. The voice that melted me and molded me into something that wasn't me. Something that was completely his.
It can't be this way though. All he has been since I came here earlier today was rude. I can't let him win me over just because I find him attractive. We're not at Flesh anymore. We're in his house, and I'm trying to secure him as a client for my company. I can't allow him to seduce me and make me forget why I'm really here.
It takes every ounce of resolve that I have, but I manage to break free from him, taking his hand in mine and stepping away. “That's not what I'm here for. This is business. Not pleasure.” I shake my head, making sure I keep my eyes down. If I look at his face, I'll be lost. The thought that he might actually want me...
I expect him to let me go, but instead, he grabs my hand and pulls me closer, causing me to gasp as my body crashes into him, my breasts pressing hard against his chest as he holds me in place. He uses his other hand to cup my chin, drawing my gaze up to meet his. My legs feel weak below me, my entire body wanting to tremble from both anticipation and fear of what's about to happen. 
His eyes dance over mine with a darkness that speaks of the most erotic intentions. “When you're inside my house, Amy, it's all about my pleasure.”






CHAPTER SIX


I don't know what to do. I know what my body wants to do, but it's not right. I didn't come here for this, even if I secretly wanted it to happen.
Yes, this is why I wore my most seductive business attire. This is why I spent hours in front of the mirror, making sure I looked perfect. This is what played through my head the entire drive over to his house. It's not what I actually expected to happen though.
Already, my breathing is becoming unsteady. My body is on edge. Just the feel of his hand on my face—it's like the skin to skin contact is pumping an aphrodisiac into me. I'm having the most difficult time keeping focused, remembering that I'm here on business. 
“Doctor Reddick, I have a job to do,” I tell him, though the resolve in my voice is weak, and I don't try to pull away.
“You don't learn very well, do you?”
His words are like a slap to the face. He's politely calling me stupid, and he's looking at me with such disappointment that it pushes my arousal back. 
I want to pull away from him. I want to tell him that the consultation is over, and he can seek out one of our competitors. But then I think about Tyra and Derrick. They're both so hopeful that I'll do a good job and land Lucian as a client. And if I do, the benefits could be life changing. I'd definitely get a bonus, and maybe even a raise. Not only that, but the company would likely get more high-profile clientele. This isn't just about me. What I do in the next few moments affects the lives of so many people. Can I really afford to be selfish and refuse him?
“I get it, you want me to call you Sir. I'll call you Sir, if that's what pleases you,” I try to bite back the disdain in my voice. We're not at Flesh anymore. The little roleplay where he owned me was supposed to have ended there. 
“You have no idea what would please me, Amy.” He brushes his thumb over my lips. The gentle touched coupled with the intensity of his gaze is enough to start stripping my resolve away. He's so ridiculously handsome, and so good with his words. I feel like a prisoner to my own desires, unable to escape. A large part of me doesn't want to escape. That same part of me desperately wants to know what would please him. 
Just when I think there's no more space between us, he moves even closer. His hand releases my chin, and he strokes my cheek with the back of his fingers. His lips hover over mine, his head slightly tilted. My eyes fall to his mouth. He's teasing me, knowing I want to kiss him. It's annoying how well he has a read on me. Perhaps he remembers from last night. This is the worst type of teasing, the kind that makes me want to pounce on him, wrap my legs around his hips, and dive into an hour-long make-out session, worshiping those perfect lips of his. 
I can't do that though. He's made it clear that everything that happens between us is on his terms. I'm just a doll to him—a toy to be played with. It infuriates me and arouses me at the same time, the thought of being used by such a beautiful, powerful man.
His eyes scan over my face, staying hooded with lust. I wait for him to kiss me, but he doesn't. Instead, he looks down, blatantly ogling my cleavage. He drops his hand to trace the plummeting neckline of my blouse, his fingers stopping right between my breasts. “Do you always dress this sexy for consultations?”
Score! He does think I look good. Mission accomplished. Time spent in the mirror, well worth it. 
“I have absolutely no idea what you're talking about, Sir.” I play coy.
“You're such a liar.” He smiles at me, and I feel a surge of desire about to bowl me over. He's attractive when he's trying to seduce me, but he's absolutely stunning when he smiles. 
“And you're such a flirt.” I see a small window of opportunity to break his spell, and I take it, turning around to step farther into the room. I'd prefer to walk out the door, but he's still blocking the entrance. Maybe I can just take one more picture in here to distract his mind from sex and then walk around him.
I raise my camera to my face, but as soon as I do, I feel his hands on my arms, pulling them behind me. A tiny gasp escapes my throat as he holds me in place for a moment before taking the camera, letting me go, and stepping back several feet. I barely have time to protest as he lifts the camera and snaps a quick picture of me.
“Cute.” I stick my hand out toward him, placing the other one on my hip as I tap my foot, giving him a distinct I'm-not-messing-around look.
Instead of handing me the camera though, he takes another picture of me, an ear to ear grin plastered across his face. “Less scowling, more sultry Goddess.”
“What?” My hard exterior cracks, and I laugh.
He clicks another picture. “You're gorgeous. You should smile more.”
My cheeks heat up from the compliment. At best, I'm pretty. Nice face. Less than perfect body with a bit too much baggage. Gorgeous is never an adjective I could honestly imagine being used to describe me. 
“As I said, you're a flirt. You've had your fun, now give me back my camera.” I make a grabbing gesture at the camera, though I don't move forward to retrieve it.
He lowers the camera for a moment, looking contemplative. “How about you take off that blouse and let me take more pictures of you?”
My mouth falls agape at his indecent suggestion. “That's my work camera.”
“You can always delete the pictures later.”
“Out of the question. Now, give it back.” I reclaim the serious stance I held before he made the sultry Goddess joke.
“Come and get it.” He nods towards the camera with a mischievous gleam in his eyes. 
“Are you serious?” My shoulders slump.
“Dead serious. If you want it, you're going to have to come get it.”
“If I come get it, you're just going to hold it up where I can't reach.” I glare at him. 
“Maybe I will. Maybe I won't.” He tosses the camera from one hand to the other, making my nerves go on edge. If he drops the camera and breaks it, I'll be in so much trouble. 
“If I play along with your little game, you'll give me back the camera, right?” I cock an eyebrow at him, showing him that I don't think this is funny at all.
“Oh, don't act like you don't want to. Live a little.”
“Fine,” I sigh, stomping forward to try to get the camera from him. As expected, he holds it up above his head where there's no possible chance that I'll be able to reach it. 
I try not to look at him as I stand on tiptoe, wiggling my fingers as if it will help me grow an inch or two. Our bodies are pressed together, but there's nothing sexual about it. Not for me, at least. This is all business. All playful business. 
He's not giving up, getting some sick enjoyment out of watching me struggle. In a last-ditch attempt to get the camera, I jump for it. 
Wrong move.
Not only do I miss the camera, but one of my pencil-thin heels snaps beneath my weight when I land on it, my ankle rolls, and I end up falling. Thankfully, Lucian is quick. Somehow, he manages to catch me before I hit the floor. The damage is already done though. Pain shoots up my leg as I try to put weight on my injured ankle, and I cry out.
“Are you alright?” He slowly lowers me onto the floor. 
All I see is red, as I lean over to clutch at my ankle. So not sexy, but in the moment, it doesn't matter. 
“Here, let me see.” In an instant, Lucian's in doctor mode. He crawls down to my feet and gently takes off the shoe with the broken heel. “Can you move it?” I bend my ankle and pain follows, though it's not unbearable. “Good.” His hands move over my ankle, applying gentle pressure. “I don't feel anything abnormal. I think you just sprained it.”
“I certainly hope so,” I mumble. 
“Let's get you up off of the floor.” Lucian stands. I expect him to give me his hand and help me up, but instead, he slides one hand under my arms and the other under my legs to scoop me up.
My eyes go wide as he lifts me, and I clutch onto his neck, tilting my head towards his chest and wincing, not from pain, but from the fear of being dropped. It's unmerited fear though. If he's struggling with my weight, I can't tell. He carries me to the bed effortlessly and sets me down on top of it, draping my legs over the side and kneeling in front of me to inspect my ankle again.
“I think it's alright.” I gaze down at him in amazement. There's genuine concern etched into his features. All traces of the playful man who was there before are gone.
“I'm sorry. I didn't mean for that to happen.” He looks up at me earnestly.
“I know. You were just being...” What? I'm not even sure. Flirty? A dick who wouldn't give me my camera back. My camera...
My heart stills until I locate the camera on the floor where I fell. It seems to be intact, but there's no way to be sure until I can get my hands on it.
“Can you give me my camera?” I ask, worried for a moment that he might try to tease me again.
“Sure.” He retrieves it promptly, putting it in my hands without hesitation.
Thankfully, it turns on without any issues. That would have been the cherry on top of everything that's gone wrong today, a broken camera. Relieved that it's alright, I quickly flip through the pictures and delete the ones Lucian took of me. The fun and games are over. Hopefully, he realizes that now.
The bed dips beside me as he sits down. It's unnerving being this close to him, knowing that he's watching what I'm doing. I feel his hand on my forehead, brushing my hair over my shoulder, so he can get a better look at my face. A warm shiver rolls down my spine from his touch. He's back in predator mode. I can sense it without even looking at him. You'd think that him injuring me would have been enough to make him drop the pursuit, but he's tenacious.
“I think I should finish taking my pictures and go.” I try to stand, but as soon as I put weight on my ankle, it gives out. 
Lucian pulls me back down onto the bed, then wraps his arm tightly around my shoulder. “I don't think that's such a good idea.”
“I have to have these pictures turned in tomorrow.” I stare down at the camera helplessly. Maybe if I just rest my leg for a few minutes, it will be alright. Worst case scenario, I can limp around the house and finish the job. One way or another, it's getting done.
“Says who?” He rests his chin on my shoulder. I can't tell if I like him being so close to me, or if I hate it.
“Says my boss. She sent me here to do a job, and I need to do it.”
“Well, I'm a doctor, and I say that you need to stay off of that ankle for a while.”
My mood sulks as I realize that he's probably right. If I walk around on the ankle, I'm only going to irritate it more. Still, I don't really have a choice.
“I'll get off of it when I finish up here and go home,” I grumble, trying to force myself onto my feet.
Lucian rounds on me, grabbing both of my shoulders and pushing me down until my back is flat on the bed. I gasp and try to struggle for a moment, but it's no use. His entire body weight is on me, and I don't have the strength to fight him off.
His eyes burn into mine, smoldering, as if they can siphon the energy out of my very soul. So blue. So mesmerizing. He quickly grabs my wrists and forces them above my head. The pressure of his large palms pushing my wrists into the soft comforter below feels surprisingly pleasant. He's trapping me, keeping me in place...and part of me likes it.
“If you don't behave, I'm going to have to restrain you,” he warns, and there's a hint of a challenge in his voice. 
“Restrain me?” I parrot back absentmindedly, still captivated by his eyes. 
“Yes.” He leans into me, his cheek nuzzling against mine as he whispers in my ear. “You know, that thing where I take away your freedom.” He nips at my earlobe, causing a shiver to roll from the top of my spine all the way down to my core. Then he pulls back and moves to the other side, his lips so close to my face that they brush mine. I stifle a moan threatening to break free from my throat and close my eyes, internally fighting against my desire for him. “The thing where you're powerless against me, where you belong to me, and I can do whatever I want to you.” His tongue darts out to lick a short trail around my other ear before he sits up.
The way he's looking at me makes me feel so impossibly weak. Subconsciously, and maybe even consciously, I don't want to get up. I don't want to leave. All I want is to see what he's going to do next—hope that it involves kissing me and touching me and other things we shouldn't be doing.
Clarity visits me in brief spurts. For as much as I want him, this can't happen. When I try to sit up, though, he just pushes me back down. I give it a final try before surrendering.
He stands up, and I don't move. Then, to my surprise, he straddles my waist, caging me in place even more. The heat of his thighs touching my sides makes me very aware that his dick is only a few feet away from my face. My mouth salivates in response, and my cheeks burn from the realization that all I can think about in that moment is sucking him off.
As if reading my mind, he shrugs off his jacket and tosses it to the side before unbuckling his belt. For the briefest of seconds, I think about arguing...but who am I kidding. He has me exactly where he wants me, and I want to be here. The fact that he's so powerful and dominant has me turned on to the max. My injured foot is all but forgotten in the wake of what's happening between us—in the wake of thoughts of seeing him naked.
The black leather belt makes a zipping sound as he pulls it free. I expect him to toss it aside and work on his zipper next, but instead, he gathers my wrists and wraps the belt around them before clasping it in place. This is reminiscent of our time together last night. While I am bound, my bondage isn't so well placed that I couldn't struggle free if I wanted to. He remembers my preferences. At least, I think he does, and that makes warm feelings swirl inside of me along with the arousal that's quickly building.
Lucian crawls off of me before scooping me up again and positioning me further on the bed. At this point, I'm quiet, observing him with hooded eyes. I'm not sure what to say or do, so I don't say or do anything. I simply wait for what's to come.
“You're getting the hang of this.” He smirks at me as he reaches for the zipper on the side of my skirt and slowly pulls it down. Every move he makes is seductive, purposeful. “I like girls who behave.”
It takes everything in me not to say something snarky. Something like I'm only behaving because I have to. Because my job depends on it. It's not true though. I won't get fired if I don't land him as a client. Inside, I want to do what he says, want to see where this goes.
When he finishes unzipping my skirt, he starts to pull it down over my hips. I instantly avert my eyes and try not to cringe as I think of him looking at my less than perfect body, not like he hasn't seen it before. To help out, I lift my butt, forgetting about my ankle. Pain shoots though my leg, and I cry out, dropping myself heavily and cursing through my teeth.
“No, no, no, no, no. Don't do anything. I've got this,” his voice is soothing. As if momentarily switching back to doctor mode, he examines my ankle again, perhaps checking to make sure it's alright for him to continue seducing me. Pervert. You'd think that as a doctor, he'd realize that sexual aerobics probably isn't a good prescription for a sprained ankle. He's obviously selfish though, and as soon as he figures out that I'm alright, he pulls my skirt off the rest of the way.
I prop myself up on my elbows, looking down at him. “Maybe this isn't the best time to—”
“Shh. I'm going to take care of you. Trust me.”
He's not going to let me go, I realize. With a sigh, I lay my head back, trying to get comfortable. His fingers curl around the waistband of my hose, and he begins to pull them down slowly. 
When my hose are off and tossed aside, he leans down and kisses the top of my injured foot. “Are you alright?” he asks.
The tender gesture surprises me, and I'm not exactly sure how to respond. “Mhm.” I nod.
He moves to the other foot, kneeling in front of it, lifting it and causing me to bend my knee slightly before he begins massaging my sole. A wave of pleasure rolls through me, and I feel my muscles instantly relax from the delicious sensation of his strong hands pressing into me. 
“Oh my God, that's magical,” I practically moan, letting my head fall to the side and my eyes close.
He works silently, placing his palm on top of my foot to keep it steady while his knuckles grind into my sole, making my toes curl. The massage is practiced and even, moving from my toes to my heel. Then he takes my foot between his hands and flattens it out, spreading the muscles. It's the longest foot massage anyone has given me, and it's only on the one foot. Now, more than ever, I wish I hadn't sprained my ankle so that I could get equal treatment on both feet. Then again, if I hadn't sprained my ankle, I probably wouldn't be getting a massage at all.
When he finishes with my foot, he moves up to my calf, scooting forward and having me place my foot on his thigh. “It's a bit difficult massaging your leg when you're lying on your back.”
“Do you want me to turn over?” 
“No.” He shakes his head.
His hands continue their ascent, though the massage quickly becomes sensual as he goes higher up. Soon, he's making feathery strokes on my inner thigh, and I'm beginning to feel randy again. Each pass brings him closer to my silk panties. My mind swims with the memory of what he can do with those fingers, and I feel my hormones working on overdrive, making my pussy grow moist with anticipation.
“You like it when I touch you,” his voice takes on a dark tint.
“Mhm,” I reply absentmindedly, keeping my eyes closed. 
“Do you like it when I touch you here?” The back of his finger traces across the seam of my sex. My thighs instinctively squeeze together from the ticklish shiver that assaults me. Since I wasn't watching him, I hadn't expected that. He slides his hands between my thighs and pries them apart, his eyes boring down on me with predatory lust. “No. Bad girl. Keep them apart for me.”
I bite my bottom lip as I bow my thighs for him, the slightest tremor of pain running up my leg as my ankle turns on the bed. He grins approvingly before his attention focuses on my navy blue lace panties.
Inside of me, the butterflies fight for space as I watch him. I can't believe I'm doing this, that I'm laying here and allowing him to look at my most intimate parts. It feels so forbidden and wrong and exciting.
He pets over my folds with the back of his fingers, and I try not to hold my breath as I feel pleasure pool in all of my most erogenous spots. My nipples perk hard against the fabric of my bra, making me want to reach up and play with them, though I refrain. I want more stimulation, but he's being so teasing. It drives me insane, knowing that he wants me, but that he won't just claim me. Have I ever been this horny before? I'm not sure. All I know is that I want sex. It's the only thing on my mind. Everything else is gone. Just sex, sex, sex. Him inside of me. His dick pushing into me and stretching me. I want it so badly.
“Let's see how wet you are.” He pulls aside my panties and slips a finger between my folds. The sudden pressure of the digit filling me causes me to yip. “Oh yes, you're so very ready for me.”
He probes his finger just once before removing it. Then he leans over and presses it against my lips. I want to cringe. My scent is strong on him, and I don't want to taste myself, but I know it will please him if I do, so I open my mouth. His finger slides across my bottom lip, the wetness leaving a trail there before he pops it into my mouth.
“Suck.”
I close my lips around the digit, doing what I'm told, tasting my own arousal. At the same time, he uses his other hand to pull the plummeting neckline of my blouse aside along with my bra, causing my breast to spill free. The action is so forceful that I gasp. His mouth descends on my chest, his tongue circling around the hard bud. Pleasure pulses between my legs as he sucks my nipple. His teeth crush the sensitive nerves, causing a bite of pleasure-pain that makes me whimper around his finger.
He pulls his finger from my lips and slips it back between my legs, pressing it between my folds and honing in on my clit. He slicks it around my cleft, and my hips buck. The sharp pain in my ankle is all but ignored as I fight to find that place where heaven and earth collide and all I am is carnal instinct. 
Lucian releases my nipple with a wet popping sound, looking up over my chest with a wicked darkness in his eyes. “Careful, beautiful. Not yet.”
“Please,” my voice sounds every bit as foreign as I knew it would. I'm so aroused though. I need to come.
“Please what?” the words are sharp, almost taunting.
I refuse to say it. I won't. It's too crude. I bite my bottom lip and give him my best seductive look, trying to fight fire with fire. When he doesn't move, my resolve quickly slips, and I end up pouting instead.
His face meets mine, and my eyes grow hooded as I expect him to kiss me. Instead, though, he takes my bottom lip between his teeth, giving it a gentle tug. My hormones go on overdrive, my need for him almost doubling from that small action. I hate him. I hate him for being so good at seducing me. I hate him for breaking me down.
“Please, Sir,” I force the words out.
“Please, Sir, what?”
“Please. Kiss me. Touch me.” I want to tell him to fuck me, but that's just too much. Baby steps.
“As you wish.” His lips crash against mine with all the heat I had been praying for. At the same time, his index finger bears down on my clit. He rubs in fast circles. Vibrating. Drawing my climax to the surface so fast that my body can't keep up. I moan shamelessly into the space between us as his soft lips and rigid touch make me see stars. It feels like everything in the entire world has stopped to rotate around my pleasure. Nothing has ever been this good.
He pulls away from me, looking smug, and all I can do is lay there and recover as he takes my underwear off. If there was any question about whether I was going to try to resist him again, I think my lack of movement answers it. I'm not going anywhere until he kicks me out. He's won me over completely. I am his.
I watch as he peels his shirt off, a delicious wall of muscle greeting me. It's strange seeing him like this, like I'm watching a movie—not a part of what's going on at all. Guys like him aren't meant for girls like me. This doesn't feel real, and yet it is. He's just finished pleasuring me, and now he's taking off his clothes, preparing to get his. My clit pulses at the thought. It's been close to seven years since I last slept with anyone, and I'm about to give myself to him. Practically a stranger. What's wrong with me?
I'll blame it on pent-up sexual frustration and sort out my emotions later. For now, there's no way I'm giving this up. I've earned it. From being good for so long. For holding out for...love that doesn't exist. I can have this fuck. This one night with a devastatingly gorgeous man. I can allow myself to enjoy myself, even if subconsciously I don't think it's right. 
Lucian climbs off of the bed and unbuttons his pants. The way he's looking at me is telling that he's putting on a show. He wants me to see every inch of his naked body, to soak it in before it's on top of me, claiming me, inside of me. The thought is maddening, that I'm going to make love to this sexy God of a man. Not make love, but have sex. Making love is reserved for those you love. Having sex is...
Stop it, Amy. You're ruining it. Just enjoy it for what it is. 
His pants come down, followed by his boxers. Good Lord! My excitement turns into apprehension as I lay my eyes on the monster that springs out to greet me. He's bigger than David was. By a lot. Holy crap! It's like a weapon of mass destruction.
When he finishes undressing, he crawls back up onto the bed. My eyes are fixed on his cock, my stomach churning with a mixture of fear and arousal. It's been a long time since I've seen one. And I've definitely never seen one this big in person. It is kind of nice though, thick and long and veiny with the slightest curve to the right. Perfectly proportioned with a smooth helmet and heavy balls that aren't too saggy. It may seem superficial, but I have a thing about saggy balls. His aren't though. I like them. 
He carefully maneuvers his way between my legs, and my heartbeat begins to speed up as I realize that this is actually going to happen. We're really going to have sex.
Lucian leans over me, placing one hand next to my armpit and grabbing the base of his shaft with the other hand. Internally, I'm panicking, still not sure if this is really what I want. He's sexy and perfect, but I'm worried about what this is going to do to me emotionally.
“You're not going to put on a condom?” I blurt out the second I feel his glans nudge between my pussy lips.
He stalls, quirking an eyebrow at me as if the very notion is offensive. “We're both clean, and you're on birth control.”
My mouth falls agape. “You remembered that I'm on birth control, but you couldn't remember my name from last night?”
“I just remember the important stuff.”
What an asshole thing to say right before you're about to have sex with someone. “Get off.” I glare at him.
“Oh, I plan to.”
“No. Get off of me.” I bring my bound hands around and shove at his chest. 
He doesn't budge. In fact, he just stares at me blankly for a moment before forcing my hands back over my head. I don't struggle.
“I was just playing, okay?” He gives me a serious look. 
“It wasn't funny.” I seethe.
He drops himself down onto his elbow beside me, though his body is still hovering. He smiles, that infuriatingly charming smile. “You're kind of feisty.”
I want to tell him that he's kind of an asshole, but I don't. 
“You want me to fuck you. I can see it in your eyes.” He lets go of his dick to caress my face. The gesture is less than romantic. In fact, it's so ripe with arrogance that I want to huff. He must have caught the disdain in my expression, because he grabs my jaw and forces me to look at him. “Hey, if you really don't want this, we don't have to do it. I don't want you to feel forced. But please know that this is what I want.”
I feel like I've backed myself up against a wall by giving in to him too much. If I reject him now, my chance of scoring him as a client is as good as gone. I need to do this, for everyone at Environ Design.
“It's fine,” I reply halfheartedly. 
He kisses me on the forehead and props himself up on his arm again, reclaiming his pre-fucking stance. As soon as I feel his tip touching my pussy lips, the internal panicking continues. 
This is wrong. No, this is right. I want this. No, I don't. I'm just doing it to make sure I secure the contract. You're doing it because you haven't been laid in forever, and you're never going to get a chance like this again. 
Everything melts away when he pushes forward. His dick doesn't penetrate me completely. His glans just pops inside, stretching me, bringing me back to reality.
“Jesus Christ, you're tight.” He looks at me with disbelief, as if he expected me to be some loose hoebag, which only makes me feel worse.
I don't know what to say, but I'm sure that my expression speaks volumes. I remember sex being uncomfortable, at least my first time, but not like this. It feels like he's ripping me apart, but I know it will be better once he's all the way in.
“Don't stop,” I tell him between gritted teeth.
He rests his forehead against mine, takes a deep breath, and then plunges all the way into me. It feels like all the air has been sucked out of the room. Fire rages between my legs, rivaling the pain that I experienced when I twisted my ankle. I'm so full of cock that there's no room for anything else.
“Does it hurt?” he asks, looking at me with concern.
“Yes.” 
“Do you want me to stop?”
“No.” I shake my head. 
My eyes are brimming with tears—a mix of physical and emotional pain. He cares for me, yet he doesn't. Cares for me the way one human being cares for another. As a woman, I'm nothing to him. Just a conquest. I'm not sure why that thought bothers me so much right now, but it does. I feel like one of those pathetic mopey girls that loses her virginity to the guy who isn't the man of her dreams and then begins crying immediately afterward. Except that I'm not a virgin. I did lose my virginity to the man of my dreams. What's happening now is just irrational.
He begins moving on top of me, and I dig my nails into the leather of his belt to help distract me from the pain. Hopefully, I don't ruin the belt, or he might not sign with me. That's probably what's really causing the emotional avalanche. I feel like everything that's happening between us is directly associated with my job. It makes me feel pathetic and desperate and powerless, all at the same time. 
He stops abruptly, and I gaze up at him. “You need to relax. Are you sure you're alright?”
The tears I've been holding back spill over, and I let out a bellowing sob, which immediately makes him get off of me and pull me into his arms. My injured foot drags across the bed as he sits me up, and it only makes me cry harder. I feel so embarrassed and overwhelmed. I don't know what's wrong with me.
“Shh. It's alright.” He holds me against his chest and strokes my hair. His heart is beating rapidly, like he's afraid. Maybe he thinks he forced me into having sex with him. I kind of want him to think that, even though it's not true. Nothing matters right now but getting all the poisonous tears out of my system.
I cry for what feels like forever, and he comforts me the best that he can. What started out as a sexy afternoon has ended in an absolute nightmare. If he doesn't accept the contract, I won't blame him. This was supposed to be all about making things as stress-free for him as possible, and I ruined it. Again. Derrick and Tyra are going to be so disappointed in me. 
Lucian kisses me on top of the head. Even after I stop sobbing, he continues to hold me, stroking my hair and rubbing my back until I feel soothed and exhausted. I don't want this moment to end. Soon, things will become awkward and strained. I can't stay here forever though. I have to face the mistake I've made, the mistake of thinking I could just give myself to him and that everything would be alright afterward. It's not alright. I compromised myself too much. And all for what, a bonus that I don't really need. Friends who will eventually forgive me.
“I'm sorry.” I pull away from his chest and wriggle free from his belt to rub my eyes with the back of my hand. 
He takes the belt and tosses it off of the bed, then continues rubbing my back. “Don't worry about it. I know I might have come off a little intense.”
“It's not that.” I shake my head. Since I already screwed up getting the contract, I might as well gush. “It's just that this contract is so important to my company. I swear I didn't plot this, make that appointment with you at Flesh to make sure that you'd sign with me. It was all a freak coincidence, and when I saw you, I just...” my voice trails off. I'm so frazzled that I'm not even sure what I'm trying to say.
“I believe you,” he tells me, though I'm not sure it's the truth.
My shoulders slump, and I sniffle. “I didn't come here trying to seduce you. And I didn't mean for this to happen. I just...”
“Are you sure?” He pinches the side of my plunging neckline that's not holding up my exposed breast. It's a reminder of how distressed I look, and I instantly move to shove my tit back in my shirt and cover up.
“I know what it must look like,” I sigh.
“Hey. No more of that.” He wraps his arms around me, pulling me against him and kissing the back of my head. “You're going to stay here tonight, and I'm going to take care of you. I don't want you getting off of this bed, do you understand?”
The thought that he's going to hold me hostage all night fills me with dread. This isn't what I wanted at all.
He moves from behind me, and I expect him to advance on me again. To my surprise though, his cock has already gone soft. A different type of disappointment assaults me, like I let him down. Like I'm not good enough. It makes my eyes water again, and I mewl softly, feeling absolutely pathetic. 
“Lay down.” Lucian guides my head down to the pillow, then he takes the other pillow and props it up under my injured foot, elevating it. “I'll be right back,” he says before disappearing out the door.
If I wanted to escape, now would be my chance. I'm too weak though, both emotionally and physically, completely drained from everything that's just happened. All I want to do is die, but that's not an option. I'm stuck in this horrific moment, trapped in a stranger's house, going to be forced to suck up my feelings and finish what we started. This isn't over. He's going to want sex again. That's just how guys are. He's selfish and doesn't really give a shit about what this is doing to me.
I lie on the bed, staring up at the ceiling, hating myself for not having the strength to leave. This was a mistake. All just a big mistake, starting with going to Flesh.
Lucian returns, still buck naked, and loaded up with stuff. He has two pillows under one arm, crutches in both of his hands with a washcloth dangling precariously from one of them, and an ice pack in his teeth. The bizarre sight of him makes my tears dry up as he approaches me with the items, sets the crutches down next to the bed, and goes to work doing a better job of propping my foot up and then covering it with the wash cloth and putting the ice pack on top of it.
“R.I.C.E.,” he tells me, as if I didn't already know. The only thing missing is the compression.
“Thanks,” I reply awkwardly as he finishes up what he's doing and crawls into bed beside me. 
“You rest now.” He turns off the lamp on the bedside table and carefully pulls me into his arms. 
It feels weird being nuzzled up against him, but I quickly grow used to it. For a while, I lay there with him in the darkness, listening to his breathing and the steady rhythm of his heartbeat, thinking that I shouldn't get too comfortable because any minute he's going to switch modes and start trying to seduce me again. He doesn't though. The hours tick by, and exhaustion gives way to sleep. I fight it, for as long as I can, but eventually I have to surrender, allowing myself to pass out in Lucian's arms.






CHAPTER SEVEN


The morning comes earlier than expected. I wake to a bright light, causing my eyes to flutter open and my mind to fight for clarity. It takes a moment to realize where I am, to recognize the face smiling down at me. Lucian sets a breakfast tray over my lap before I even have time to fully wake up. On top of it is a plate with scrambled eggs, two breakfast sausages, a glass of orange juice, and a small bowl of fresh fruit.
“Rise and shine,” he says, though his voice sounds strained.
“Thanks.” I groggily pull myself up into a sitting position. Sometime in the middle of the night, he must have put a blanket on me, because my legs are now covered. I can't help but wonder what else happened after I went to sleep, not that I think it's anything devious.
“How's your ankle?” He sits down at the foot of the bed, pulls the blanket off of my ankle, and gives it a quick examination.
I wiggle it, for good measure. The pain that was there yesterday has subsided greatly. “It feels better. I think I'm good to go.”
“Good.” He stands. “Because as soon as you eat, you need to go. I have work.” Lucian gestures to the door. Considering that he's only wearing a pair of sweatpants, I'm guessing that I don't need to be in too much of a rush.
“Alright,” I reply, not knowing what else to say.
“You can borrow the crutches if you need to.” He points to them as he walks towards the door.
“Thanks.” I watch him leave, still trying to process everything that's gone on.
For several seconds, I just stare at the door. The man is completely unpredictable. I had wholly expected him to pounce on me again last night after my crying spell, but instead, he stayed true to his word, caring for me as if I were a patient, and holding me as if I was something more. I shake my head, trying to push that thought away. I've only known the guy for three days now. He was probably just being nice—probably felt bad that he accidentally pushed the emotional overload button with his dick when he stuck it inside of me. 
That's right. We did have sex, if only for a few moments.
I press my thighs together, feeling the muscles give resistance. It's amazing that just a few minutes of him between my legs still caused that delicious soreness. It will be a reminder of what we did all day long. I'm not sure if that makes me happy or sad. At the very least, it makes me feel scandalous, sleeping with a potential client.
I try to push lecherous thoughts aside and enjoy my breakfast. The eggs are cooked perfectly, the sausage is juicy, and I'm pretty sure the juice is freshly squeezed. Damn, a surgeon, a Dom, and a chef. Who knew. Lucian Reddick certainly is multi-talented. 
For as disappointed in myself as I am for having an emotional breakdown, I can't help but smile from all the positives. Sure, I'm probably not going to get him to sign a contract, but at least I got laid. It's such a mannish thing to think, but damn it, it's been a while, far too long. And I slept with a total hottie. I can't wait to go home and tell Janice.
Once I'm done eating, I hobble around the room and find my clothes, pulling them on and grabbing my things before I head out to tell Lucian that I'm leaving. He's sitting in the living room, dressed in black slacks and a blue button-down shirt. I'm honestly surprised that he's not wearing a lab coat, like I'm used to seeing most surgeons wear. Maybe he doesn't put that on until he gets to the operating room. 
He's got a cup of coffee in one hand and a tablet on his lap. It looks like he's reading the news.
“Thanks for breakfast,” I say, feeling awkward standing there holding my shoes.
“You're welcome.” He barely even glances up at me.
“Um,” I hesitate. “I know I didn't get to do a full consultation with you, but I was wondering—”
He holds his hand up to silence me, but he keeps his eyes fixed on his tablet. “I'll email your supervisor later.”
The way he says it makes me feel like someone just planted a lead weight in my chest. Is he going to complain about me? 
“Alright then.” I turn towards the front door, then back to him, waiting for him to say something else. “I guess I'll show myself out.”
“Have a good day at work or whatever it is you're going to do today.” He gestures at me dismissively.
My lips sulk into a frown, and I leave. 
Once I step outside, it seems like the pressure that was constantly baring down on me from being in Lucian's presence is lifted. Even though I know I screwed up getting the contract, I somehow feel free. Whether Tyra and Derrick are mad at me for not landing the contract, I don't care. I'm just glad to be out of that awkward situation.
The relief doesn't last long though. As soon as I get into my car, my brain goes into over-analyzing mode. It's the same thing that happened after I left Flesh. My mind makes a mountain out of a molehill, combing over unrealistic possibilities and scenarios. 
Just because I lost the interior design contract with Lucian, doesn't mean I can't see him again. I do enjoy spending time with him when it's on my own terms. Perhaps it wouldn't be so bad to make an appointment at Flesh every now and then. We've already had sex once, so it's not like we could do anything else much more forbidden. Besides, now that I've seen him in his natural element, I do feel a deeper attraction for him. The man is absolutely amazing. As long as I don't get attached...
But there's the kicker. Every time I'm with him, it's like an emotional roller coaster ride. It doesn't matter if it's at Flesh or his house. And besides, I really screwed up by crying last night. Maybe he doesn't want to see me again. Perhaps that's why he was so dismissive...because he just couldn't wait to be rid of me.
That thought makes me want to cry again, but I don't. The day has just begun, and I'm sure it's going to be a long one. I need to go home, get changed, head to work, and deliver the bad news. One step at a time though. One step at a time. 

***

I slide my key into the door of my apartment and turn it as carefully as possible. Even though I know that Janice is probably fast asleep, I don't want to wake her. She works the evening shift as a manager at Walmart, and typically doesn't get to bed until around two in the morning. 
Lucian woke me up at six o'clock; I got back to my apartment by seven, and I don't have to be at work until nine. That gives me an hour and a half to shower and get ready. And I really need a shower. Not only do I smell like sex, but it feels like I have half of Florida on the soles of my feet from walking around barefoot.
I close the door and tiptoe to my bedroom to grab some fresh clothes before heading to the bathroom. The hot water cascading over my body feels amazing, but at the same time, it feels strange—like I'm washing off Lucian's scent. It's a stupid thing to care about, especially since that entire sexual encounter was so weird for me. 
When I walk out of the shower, a dark shadow in the hall startles me. I grab my chest just as my eyes begin to focus. It's Janice. Thank God. To be honest, I'm not even sure why I expected it to be someone else.
“Late night?” she asks, leaning against the wall. Even in the darkness, I can tell that she's half asleep.
“Yeah. Go back to bed.” I try to shoo her off, knowing that she needs her sleep more than I need to gush about my wild night.
“You didn't answer any of my texts.” She frowns.
“Sorry. I was busy.” I cower a little. It's not like it's my duty to tell her where I'm at every hour of the day, but usually I let her know when I'm going to be out all night, which only ever happens when I'm staying at my parents' house.
“Felt like going home for a while?” She crosses her arms over her chest as if she's cold. 
“No. It's a long story.”
“Oh? Sounds interesting.” She perks up.
“It is, but not one I really have time to tell right now.” I glance towards my bedroom.
“Well, give me the short version, and we can get into the details later.”
I hate just giving her a teaser, but in truth, I'm dying to tell her what happened. “I slept with a potential new client.”
Her mouth falls open in disbelief. “You. Slept with someone. You slept with someone?” 
“Yes.” I start to wiggle excitedly, but then pain shoots up my leg, causing me to still.
“Wow. He must have been a real charmer to get into your steel clad chastity belt.” She smirks at me.
“Don't say that.” I wrinkle my nose. “You know I went to Flesh, so it's not like it's on that tight.”
“You must have accidentally left it unlocked.”
“Pfft.” I roll my eyes.
“Well,” she yawns. “For as much as I want to know the details—and you will tell me the details later—I should probably get back to bed. It's going to be another long night.” Her lips dip into a frown.
“Yeah. Go sleep.” I grin to myself as I watch Janice walk back into her room, thinking about those details, the way that Lucian seduced me. It was so hard to resist him. I still can't believe I ruined it by crying.
The memory reminds me of a night of too much drinking, the kind that starts fun, but the more you drink, the more stupid stuff comes out of your mouth, and eventually it all culminates into a clusterfuck of horror. It's one of the memories you wish you could forget, even if there are good parts attached to it. I can't forget though.
I try to distract myself by getting ready for work, but Lucian is never far from my thoughts. Even though I'm not around him anymore, I still feel like I'm on that emotional roller coaster. The highs come when I think of how kind he was, taking care of my foot, when I picture his gorgeous smile, when I recall the sound of his laughter, and when I remember the way that he kissed me, so passionately. Then the lows hit me like a ton of bricks, and I internally tear myself down. How could I be so immature as to cry in front of him, as if he was hurting me.
All I can do to comfort me is to tell myself that days and weeks will make this a distant memory. In time, I'll be able to put Flesh and that horrible consultation behind me. Then I can return to my regular boring life, a life without sex and excitement—a life more my speed. 

***

There's a sick feeling in my stomach as I approach Environ Design. While I had thought that telling Tyra that Lucian was undecided would be the worst of it, I just remembered I never even finished taking pictures of his house. This is going to look bad. Really bad.
After sitting in my car and weighing my excuses for several minutes, I finally decide to pretend that the pictures somehow had erased themselves. For a moment, I think about deleting all the pictures I took, but then I realize that would look even worse. At least, the few pictures I do have will be proof that I actually went to the consultation.
I inhale deeply as I climb out of my car and limp up to the building. While my foot feels better than it did yesterday, it still hurts. If I didn't feel obligated to give Tyra and Derrick the news about the consultation, I might have called in. As it is, this is news that should be delivered in person. And besides, since I botched up landing the contract, that probably means I won't have to leave the office today. If I'm not going to be doing a lot of walking, then there's no point in staying home. 
I make my way to my desk and am displeased to find Derrick sitting in my chair. He smiles up at me expectantly. It looks like he doesn't have any intention of moving, but then he notices my limp and quickly stands and makes way for me to sit down. I pretend to ignore him as I take my seat and pull the camera out of my purse, setting it on top of my desk.
“You're not talking, and you're not smiling.” He places his palms flat on my desk as he leans over. “He didn't sign, did he?”
I sigh, not wanting to deal with this right now. “There's always the next client.”
“Damn it.” He punches the top of the desk lightly. “What happened?”
“You don't even want to know.” I shake my head.
“Worse than the cookies?” He quirks an eyebrow.
“Far worse.” I press the button on my computer to bring it to life.
“Want to talk about it later? Maybe over drinks,” the pissed tone deflates from his voice and melts into sympathy. I'm glad he didn't stay mad at me for long. 
“I'll think about it.” I give him a weak smile.
“You know, I'm always here for you, sweet pea.” He places a hand on my shoulder.
I open up my email and find it as expected. Empty. “Looks like there's nothing for us today.” I turn to Derrick. “Did you get anything?”
“Nope. It's gonna be a long day of nothing.”
“Maybe that's for the best after the day I had yesterday.” 
“Oh look.” Derrick points to my monitor.
When I turn to look at it, there's an email from Tyra. The subject is Lucian Reddick. Just seeing his name sends a chill racing through me. I don't want to open it, but I know that Derrick is waiting to see what it says.
“Open it.” He nods towards the screen impatiently.
I take a deep breath and click the subject line. The email reads as follows:

Amy,

Congratulations! Doctor Reddick called to confirm that he'd like to sign a contract. He raved about the good work you did, but told me that you were having issues with the camera. He went ahead and sent a blueprint over of his house so that we can get started right away. I've sent it to Derrick so that he can work up a model of the house. 
If you haven't done so already, please contact the client to go over color schemes for the different rooms, and use the pictures you already have along with the attached blueprints to start shopping for furniture and decorations.
Landing Doctor Reddick is a big deal for all of us here at Environ Design. I'm so proud of you for being an exemplary representation of our company. Please continue to provide Doctor Reddick with excellent customer service and support so that he'll spread the word about the great job that our company does.

Regards,
Tyra Rollins
CEO of Environ Design

My mouth falls agape. No way. No fucking way did he sign the contract.
“Looks like you didn't do as bad as you thought.” Derrick gently slugs me on the shoulder. I don't even have to look at him to know that he's beaming.
“I can't believe it.” I shake my head.
“Believe it. He may be a bit of an asshole, but we haven't seen the last of Lucian Reddick yet.”






CHAPTER EIGHT


“Let's get started.” Derrick pats me on the shoulder before returning to his desk to work on creating a digital model of Lucian's house.
I sit there staring at my computer for several minutes, reading the email that Tyra sent me over and over in disbelief. After all the embarrassing things I've done: dropping the cookies, breaking my heel, crying during sex...Lucian still accepted the contract. Maybe it means he wants to see me again. Or perhaps he just feels sorry for me. I don't know. And I honestly don't know if I'm happy or sad that I'm going to get to continue working with him. 
I try to separate my personal interest in him from business. Right now, I'm the star employee of Environ Design, but I'll only stay that way if I do my job and make the client happy.
I take a deep breath and start typing out an email to Lucian, asking about any particular color choices he might like. I make the email as professional as possible, but as I type it, all I can think about are the non-professional things we've done together. He was inside of me just last night. His gorgeous muscular body on top of me. His thick cock, claiming me. His amazing blue eyes looking down at me with lust. And I cried. I got what I had secretly been hoping for, and I cried like a child, too immature to handle such an intense sexual situation.
It's over, Amy. You need to put thoughts of having him behind you. You ruined it last night. For whatever reason, he still signed the contract. You need to take advantage of this and be the best that you can be from now on. Strictly business. Professional. Not an obsessed, hormonal wreck. 
I hit send on the email and plug my camera into the computer to upload the few pictures I took of Lucian's house. When they're finished uploading, I email them to Derrick. Then I get online to start shopping for furniture that I think would look good in the different rooms of Lucian's house.
A little before noon, I receive a reply from Lucian. It simply says:

Miss Underwood,

Pick what you think would look good. I trust your judgment.

Regards,
Lucian Reddick, M.D.
Reddick Plastic Surgery 

I sulk a bit, wishing he had more of an opinion on the matter. It is my job to know what looks good though, and I've already made a few selections. I spend the rest of my time before lunch putting together furniture combinations for the rooms that I have pictures for. I'm so engrossed in my work that I don't even notice Derrick making his way towards my desk.
“Lunch time.” He taps the top of my monitor, drawing my attention up to his face. “Let's go out today. My treat.”
“Give me a minute. I want to send these furniture pics to Lucian to see what he thinks.”
“Lucian?” Derrick quirks an eyebrow. “Already on a first-name basis with the good doctor, huh?”
My shoulders sink, and I give him a sarcastic look, even though he's spot-on with what he's insinuating. A few clicks of my mouse later, and the photos are sent. I lock my computer, grab my purse, and follow Derrick to his car, hobbling all the way.
“This is annoying,” I growl down at my ankle.
“How did that happen anyway?” He smirks, and I know he's thinking about the cookies—about how clumsy I am.
“Boy, do I have a story for you.” 

***

Derrick stares at me from across the table with his mouth agape and a sweet potato french fry pinched between his fingers. The shock on his face when I told him I knew Lucian was apparent. This is just dramatic. You'd think that Armani decided to start merchandising at Walmart or something. 
“You fucked him.” The words have a bite of anger to them, causing the stupid grin I've been wearing to wane a bit.
“I didn't plan it or anything.” I shrug, averting my eyes and stabbing at my salad. It's not what I want to be eating, but the thought of seeing Lucian again has put me into diet mode. The last thing I need is to get fatter than I already am.
“Amy, he's a client.” He tosses the fry back down onto his plate and rests his forehead on his palm.
“You guys wanted me to land him as a client. Tyra said do whatever it takes.” I cock my head back in disbelief that he's actually angry with me. Half of the reason I slept with Lucian was to secure the contract. At least, that's what I keep telling myself, even though I know it isn't true. “You made that bonus sound really important.”
“I know,” he sighs before pushing his plate aside.
“Look, it's no big deal. Everything worked out. He signed the contract. We're going to be strictly professional from now on.” 
“Oh really now?”
“Really.”
Derrick shakes his head and rolls his eyes. “You're so so clueless and naive, Amy.”
“What's that supposed to mean?” I do my best not to be offended, but it's kind of hard when he basically just called me stupid.
“Men don't work that way. Especially men like him.” He traces a fingertip around one of the pictures embedded in the table.
“Men like him,” I huff. “You make it sound like you actually know him.”
“I know his type,” he insists.
“Enlighten me then.” I set my fork down and glare at him.
He seems to deflate a little, and his expression softens. “I know you don't want to hear this, but guys like him...they're entitled. They take what they want. They use who they want. And then they move on to the next. 
“You're not the type of girl to sleep around. I've known you for five years. Know you well enough to know that. 
“Deep down inside, you expect something from him. Something you're not going to get.”
Way to ruin my good mood. 
I wrinkle my nose, suddenly losing my appetite. In gentle words, he's telling me that Lucian used me for sex. While I'd like to believe otherwise, I know it's true. My payment was landing the contract, even if sex with me was sub-par, which it was. 
“That's why it's not going to happen again,” I say.
“I hope it doesn't. I hope he's already lost interest. If he hasn't though, he'll break the contract if you refuse him. You've put yourself in a very bad position. You put the company in a bad position. 
“If he reneges, it's going to look really bad on both of us. Like we screwed up or did something he didn't like. Worse than that, it's going to make Tyra think that he's going to go around telling all of his celebrity buddies that we're a shitty company to work with. You and I will probably never get to work with another high-profile client again.”
“So do you want me to keep sleeping with him or not?” I press my fingertips against my temple, feeling incredibly confused.
“I wish you never would have slept with him to begin with.” He shakes his head. “When I told you that I wished you would have tossed your cookies at him, I was just joking. I didn't think you'd actually do it.” A small smile crosses his lips, but it does little to make me feel better.
Stress is building inside of me. Not just the trivial stress of worrying about whether Lucian likes me or not. It feels like my entire job is on the line now. Like I made one huge mistake by giving in to my desires.
“I don't know what to do.” I exhale sharply.
Derrick slides a hand across the table and places it on top of mine. “Hey, don't worry about it. We're a team, remember? This is our project, not just yours. From now on, you don't have to go over there alone. I'll be with you.”
It's a comforting thought. He's right. There's no reason for me to go to Lucian's place by myself again. And it would be better if I didn't. I really don't want to face what happened between us.
“Thanks, Derrick. I'm sorry. I wasn't thinking.” I turn my hand over and squeeze his.
“It's fine. You're only human. Hell, the guy is so pretty, I probably would have jumped into bed with him too.” 
“Oh man, those eyes.” My body relaxes, and I feel infinitely better knowing that I now have a game plan and that Derrick isn't mad at me anymore. 
“Oh, I know. I thought they were contacts at first. I've never seen eyes that pale blue before.”
“Nope. They're real. I got a really good look at them when we were...” I blush, catching myself before I say something inappropriate.
“They're real. I get it.” He bobs his head as if the subject makes him uncomfortable, so we move on to talk about other things. 
After lunch, we head back to the office. As soon as I open up my email, the first thing I see is a message from Lucian. My stomach churns as I read it, and it's not from all the roughage I ate. The email says:

Miss Underwood,

I like some of the selections you've made; however, I'd like to schedule an appointment with you this evening to go over some of them. Would 7PM be alright? 

Regards,
Lucian Reddick, M.D.
Reddick Plastic Surgery 

My lips instantly dip into a frown and my heart begins to speed up. Didn't he say he wanted this project to be as hands-off as possible? For as much as he wants us over at his house, it sure doesn't seem like it. 
I take a deep breath and begin typing out my response.

Doctor Reddick,

Derrick and I would be happy to come to your house this evening and help you make furniture selections. We'll be there at 7PM.

Regards,
Amy Underwood
Interior Designer
Environ Designs

For the next few hours, I check my email obsessively, waiting for a response from him. Nothing comes through though. On my last break, I go to Derrick's desk to tell him about our upcoming appointment. He seems pleased with my resolve to stick to the plan. A little less pleased that Lucian hasn't bothered to contact him at all.
“We'll get through this,” he tells me with a sigh, as if me going over to Lucian's place without jumping on his dick will be some monumental feat. I want to roll my eyes, but I don't, knowing that he just has my best interests at heart.
The hours tick down towards the end of the day, and I'm already thinking about what I'm going to wear. Definitely nothing as sexy as last time. Derrick will know if I'm dressing to please Lucian. He has an eye for things like that. Then again, perhaps wearing something a little revealing wouldn't be the worst idea. I do want to keep Lucian interested, don't I?
No, I don't. That's a terrible idea. What's wrong with me?
I sigh, realizing it's just going to be another boring blouse and pencil skirt. To keep things simple, I should probably wear what I wore to work today. That way, I only have to freshen up my hair and makeup when I get home. 
I look down at my outfit and frown. I'm wearing beige slacks with a white button-down shirt and an orange cardigan. Not sexy at all. And hard for him to take off. At least, my hair is down. He'll like that. Ugh, why does it matter? You ruined your chance with him anyway. 
My work is done for now, so I sit and play solitaire on my computer. Every passing thought is of what I'm going to say and do when I see Lucian again. 
“Earth to Amy.” Tyra waves a manicured hand in front of my face, causing me to look up.
“Oh.” I hadn't noticed her standing there.
“You must be really engulfed in the Reddick project. I like to see my employees working hard.” She points at me and beams.
I close the solitaire program as quickly as I can, thanking God that she didn't approach me from behind. Otherwise, she might not be so happy.
“Working hard,” I let out a nervous laugh.
She leans across my desk, which means she wants to say something that she doesn't want anyone else to hear. Of course, that only draws Derrick's attention away from what he was doing. He glances at us every few seconds, trying to make it seem like he's working, when he's obviously really straining to hear what she's about to tell me.
“Listen.” She licks her lips, instantly going into serious mode. “Doctor Reddick sent me an email a little while ago. It looks like plans have changed a bit.”
My heart sinks to my feet, and I feel a hard knot forming in my throat. He reneged on the contract. Perhaps he realized that the sex wasn't good enough for him to owe me the favor of signing with the company. Maybe one of our competitors got to him. All I know is that whatever she says next won't be good.
“Yeah?” I try not to seem nervous. Already, perspiration is starting to gather on my forehead though, and my palms are getting clammy. For the first time, I realize that I really don't want to lose the contract. I don't want to miss the chance to get to see Lucian again. It doesn't make sense to me, but it's what I want. What I truly want.
“He has decided that he wants to take a more hands-on approach to the process. I'm honestly not sure why, but I'd like us to accommodate him the best that we can. It's important that we keep him happy, even if it's kind of a pain in the ass.” She gives me a look that suggests the idea displeases her. “Having said that, he wants to be involved in everything. The shopping, the selecting, the placing. Basically, everything except the moving crew.”
“That's kind of good, isn't it?” My body begins to relax as I realize the worst of my fears didn't come to fruition. “It means he's really interested in what we're doing.”
“It is good, but...” she hesitates.
“But?” My eyes widen as I bite back annoyance from her stalling. There's a bomb about to drop, and I wish she'd just let it hit me already. Judging by the way that she's acting, Lucian probably wants me off of his project. The thought hurts, but I'm at least glad that we didn't lose him as a client.
“But he wants you by his side through the whole thing.”
My mouth falls open for a split second, but I quickly recover. “No worries, Mrs. Rollins, Derrick and I already told Lucian that we'll be at his house at seven o'clock tonight to go over all the furniture selections I've made so far.” I can't help but smile.
She leans in a bit closer, casting a glance at Derrick, who quickly shifts his eyes away and continues working. Then she whispers, “He doesn't want Derrick involved. Just you. Only you. He specifically requested it.”
The shock I was trying to conceal earlier comes out in full force. This is completely unexpected. And while inside I'm jumping for joy, I know it's bad. Bad for me. Bad for Derrick.
“I told Derrick we'd go together.” It's the only thing I can think of to say.
“Don't worry about that.” She straightens herself. “I still want him on the project. He's just going to be a background man, doing the blueprint, working on furniture placement choices, and scheduling the moving guys. You'll be Doctor Reddick's direct contact, from now on.”
Tyra gives me a sympathetic look. “I know this is making you go above and beyond. I'm not exactly sure how much he's going to want you around, and I know it's probably going to be incredibly stressful. Do a good job though, and I promise this will pay off for you.”
“Sure. Thanks.” It's not the most grateful response, but it's all I can come up with in light of how much this is going to tick Derrick off. Everything rests on my shoulders now. It's not just about furniture and color choices anymore, it's about how Lucian and I interact together, and whether or not I can keep things professional. 
Tyra walks over to Derrick's desk, and I feel the knot in my throat double. Thank God, there's only five minutes before the end of my shift. Hopefully, she can keep him occupied for that long. I'd really like to get out of here without having to deal with his disdainful looks and another lecture. Despite what he thinks, I'm a big girl, and I do know what's at stake. 
I count down the seconds until I can leave my desk, glancing between the clock and Tyra and Derrick. He's obviously not pleased by the news, but at least he's not pitching a fit. Every time he looks in my direction, I lower my gaze, the same way he did when Tyra and I were talking. It's kind of funny, when I think about it, pretending like we're not watching and listening, when we both know we really were. What's the point of hiding it when it's so obvious? That's just human nature, I suppose.
By the grace of God, Tyra lingers at Derrick's desk until the shift is over. I shove my camera into my purse and hobble toward the door like the building is on fire. There's no sign of Derrick as I pull out of the parking lot, and I sigh in relief. It will be better to talk to him about this tomorrow, after he's cooled off.
By the time I get home though, he's already sent me a text. It simply says, “Don't sleep with him.”
I quickly reply, “I won't.”
There's not a whole lot of time between the end of my shift and my appointment with Lucian, but I still decide to change. The womanly part of me has won over—the part that wants to be easily accessible. This time though, I don't go for slutty. I pair a beige pencil skirt with a pink and white floral blouse, a light pink sweater, and beige flats with beading on them. It looks a lot more wholesome than what I wore yesterday. Perhaps it will clue Lucian in to the fact that I'm there strictly for business.






CHAPTER NINE


I can feel my pulse pounding in my skull as I make my way to Lucian's front door. Without even seeing him, my hormones are on overdrive. All I can think about is what we did last night, the feeling of having him inside of me. My nerves have never been this on edge from meeting with a client before. He's not just a client to me though. He's something else. And I don't know what that something else is.
When he opens the door, all the air leaves my lungs in a woosh. My clit pulses with desire as I soak him in, wearing nothing but a pair of sweatpants and expensive sneakers with a towel draped over his shoulders. It looks like he just finished running or working out. His muscles are popping, and the fine sheen covering his body makes me focus on how cut he actually is. It also makes the V pointing towards his dick look that much more delicious. I want to run my tongue down it, to taste his skin. It's a sick thought, one I normally wouldn't have. He's just too damn irresistible though. 
“Are you going to stare at me all night, or would you like to come in?” He steps aside, giving me a panty melting grin.
It's starting to feel like my jaw is broken. The shock value of everything that's happened lately isn't lost on me, and I can't believe how clearly arrogant he is. I didn't think I was being that obvious, but apparently I was.
“Thanks,” I mumble as I step past him and am instantly assaulted by the smell of something savory coming from the kitchen.
He closes the door behind us. “I'm running a bit behind, trying to get everything done at once, but I managed to whip us up some dinner.”
“Dinner,” the word sounds foreign. “Doctor Reddick,” I turn back to him, “I'm here on business. You wanted to go over some of the furniture selections I made for you.”
He places his hand on the small of my back to urge me towards the dining room. The gentle touch feels electric as my body processes it irrationally. He's touching you. You like this, yes. You want more of it.
“Nothing good comes from working on an empty stomach, and I'm very hungry.” He ignores me, leading me to the table and pulling a chair out for me to sit. 
Not knowing what else to do, I take my seat and wait for him to serve me. He picks up the plate in front of me, along with the one at the head of the table, and disappears into the kitchen. I'm left staring down at the worn wooden tabletop, thinking of the dining room table I picked to replace it, wondering if it's too plain. This one looks like it was expensive in its day, with intricate carving along the sides and legs. The one I selected is far more modern, sleek and angular. The only artistic aspect is cracked glass insets. I hope he likes it. Maybe he hates it. There's really no way of knowing until I ask. 
He returns shortly with a bowl of salad in one hand and one plate in the other while the second plate is balanced on his forearm as if he's done it a hundred times before.
“Were you a waiter in a past life?” I ask as he sets the salad down before grabbing the plate on his forearm and placing it in front of me.
“I was a waiter in this life, a long time ago.” He rounds the table to sit diagonally from me. 
The meal laid before me looks super healthy. Baked salmon with some kind of green sauce on it and spears of asparagus next to it with cherry tomatoes and garlic. No carbohydrates. 
“Damn, I forgot plates for the salad.” He starts to get up.
“Don't worry about it. I can make room for it on this plate.” 
Lucian smiles at me politely before sitting back down. He nudges the asparagus aside on his plate and grabs the tongs to portion out some salad onto the empty space. Then he offers the salad bowl to me. I take it gingerly, mirroring what he did, not wanting to look like an idiot.
“You didn't have to cook for me,” I say shyly.
“I didn't. I cooked for me. You just happened to be coming over around dinner time, and I didn't want to eat in front of you.”
His blunt reply puts things into perspective, and I have to fight to keep a frown from taking over my face. This isn't a sweet date. He didn't cook for me because he wanted us to share this meal together. He only did it because it would have been rude not to. 
I take a bite of the fish, even though my appetite has receded. It's surprisingly good, flaky and buttery-tasting. Then again, I'm not sure why I'm so surprised. His breakfast was amazing, and he does have a gargantuan kitchen, which suggests that he enjoys cooking. 
“This is a big house for just you,” I try to make conversation.
“It is,” he replies absentmindedly.
“To be honest, when I came for the initial consultation, I was sure that you'd be married and have kids.”
His gaze is piercing, as if I just struck a nerve. He grunts, and we fall into silence for several seconds while I try to decode the meaning of his reaction. Either he's offended that I suggested he's married, or he really is married, and he just doesn't want to talk about it. Now, I desperately want to know which one it is, but I know better than to press the subject. I need to tread carefully—to keep him happy so that he'll want to continue working with me.
“Derrick wanted to come, but my boss said that you specifically requested to work with me.”
“I did.”
I'm starting to get the feeling that I should just keep my mouth shut and eat, but I can't. The silence will drive me nuts. “So, tell me more about this house. It's absolutely gorgeous.” My eyes float up to the chandelier hanging overhead.
“I think I already told you it was my parents' house.”
“You did.”
“That's all there is to know.” His expression is completely disinterested.
“Did you always live here? I mean, did they give it to you after you graduated from college?”
“I'm not sure if I like the dining room table you picked out. I'd like some more options. Nicer chairs. I'm not fond of the cracked glass insets either. They look...well, broken.” 
“Do you at least like the color?” I ask apprehensively. The mood seems to have shifted. Maybe this will be a professional meeting after all.
He nods. “The black looks fine. It's not what I expected you to choose, but I'm okay with it.
“I assume there's certain furniture stores your company shops at. I'd like to look at the furniture with you, help pick it out, physically go to the stores and make sure it's to my liking before we place the order.”
“Certainly.” I scratch my ear. “My boss told me you wanted to be more involved. What made you change your mind?”
He stops eating to stare at me for a moment, his jaw set. The contemplation on his face sends a shiver racing down my spine. “Something piqued my interest.”
He continues eating, and I suddenly feel full. Curiosity and emotion swirl in my stomach from his cryptic words. There was a strange sensuality behind them, yet he didn't sound sensual at all. Perhaps I'm just reading him wrong. Maybe I'm hoping for too much. I want to ask what he meant, but I'm afraid of the answer—afraid that he's not really interested in me. Though that's what I should want, the very thought hurts.
“The food is delicious,” I tell him as I rearrange things on my plate. I'm blushing, and I don't even know why.
“Cooking has always been a passion of mine. I would have been a chef, but it doesn't pay nearly as well as being a surgeon.” His eyes widen for effect.
“I can imagine.” I smirk. “Unless you're Gordon Ramsey, or someone like that.”
“Men like Gordon Ramsey are few and far between.” His lips crack into a smile, and I feel an overwhelming sense of joy that I amused him.
“So are brilliant plastic surgeons.” 
I expect him to respond, but he doesn't. He simply continues smiling between bites until the moment passes, and we fall into silence. For some reason, it doesn't bother me as much now. My appetite, though still small, returns enough to help me finish off the meal. 
When we're done eating, he takes our plates back to the kitchen, and I pull out my tablet and boot it up to start going over my furniture selections with him. He returns shortly, pulling his chair around to sit beside me. The closeness makes my heart flutter, even though it's completely nonsexual. Just knowing he's half-naked and near me does things to me—things my body isn't used to experiencing from being in close proximity to a man. What I'm feeling is more than physical attraction though. There are too many amazing things about him. His confidence, his tenacity, his kindness, his way with words. Everything about him draws me closer, like a moth to a flame. And even though I know I shouldn't want to get closer, even though I know I'll get burned, some subconscious part of me doesn't care.
We spend the next thirty minutes interacting professionally, which feels completely foreign to me. It turns out that Lucian likes most of the stuff I picked out, but he still wants more options. He doesn't like not being able to touch the furniture and see it in person before committing to a purchase. I can understand that in regard to sofas and beds. In fact, it's a rather common concern. It's just interesting that he wants his hands in all things.
“Having you be physically present to approve every piece of furniture is going to make this process take a lot longer,” I tell him gently.
“It's my money.” His lips pull into a strained grin, and I cower a little. 
“I'm just letting you know.”
“I'm well aware.” Now, I'm just annoying him. It's written all over his face.
“Well,” I take a deep breath, “I think that's about it. If you can send me your schedule and let me know when it will be convenient for you to go look at furniture, that would be great. I'll send you a few more selections for each room that I've got so far. You can let me know what you like, and we'll go from there.”
“Sounds good. I did notice, however, that you haven't picked out anything for my bedroom yet.” He watches me shut down my tablet and shove it into my purse.
“I'm waiting for Derrick to put together the digital blueprint of your bedroom.”
“Why is that necessary?”
The question catches me off guard, and I hesitate a little. “I suppose it's not.”
“Good, because I'd really like to work on that room first.” He gives me a serious look, as if doing anything other than what he wants is not optional.
“Alright,” I draw out the word before quickly recovering and reaching into my purse for my camera. “I came prepared.” I hold up the camera like it will magically save the day. “Let's go snap some pictures of your bedroom, and I can get working on it first thing in the morning.”
“Sounds good.” He nods before standing up and leading the way.
My eyes play over the muscles of his back. It's like he's carved out of stone. He's so perfect, all the way down to the dimples just above his ass. Mmm his ass. I just want to grab it.
When we get to his bedroom, I make sure I raise my gaze before he catches me staring. Then my attention immediately shifts to the space, and I start taking pictures. As with the rest of the house, there are too many pieces of furniture and quite a bit of clutter. Aside from the obvious, though, one of the first things I notice is that all the picture frames on his dresser and bedside tables have been placed glass-side-down. Whatever is beneath them, he doesn't want me to see, which only makes me that much more curious. Even though it's a bit unsettling, I decide that some things are better left unknown. If our relationship, in whatever context, ever gets to a point where he wants to share, he will. I have to believe that and not pressure him.
I'm snapping the last few pictures when he walks up behind me and places his hands on my shoulders. It takes me a minute to realize he's pulling off my sweater. Once I'm aware of that, I quickly turn around, moving out of his grasp.
“What are you doing?” I ask, even though I'm already fairly certain of his intentions. 
His blue eyes are dark, a telling sign that I'm right. “I was just making you more comfortable.”
“I am comfortable, Doctor Reddick.” I pull the sweater back up.
“Is that so?” He takes a step forward, towering over me, a picture of sexy, intimidating masculinity.
I don't back down. “It is so. I'm almost done here, then I can leave you alone to enjoy the rest of your night.”
“I can think of a few ways to enjoy the rest of my night, and none of them involve you leaving.” He reaches up to caress my cheek, and electric waves zip through me, turning on every nerve that has anything to do with my arousal. The room suddenly feels ten degrees hotter, and I feel oh so weak.
You can't do this. You promised Derrick that you'd keep things professional from here on out. I know you want to give in, but if you do, things will only get worse. You'll be more emotionally screwed up than you already are. Maybe you'll even cry again. 
That last thought makes me grab his hand to push it away, but the minute I do, he's sliding his other hand into my hair and drawing me to him for a kiss that steals all of my breath and resolve. Soft lips. Perfect lips. 
His tongue seeks entry into my mouth, and I allow it almost reflexively. He holds me against his rock-hard body as we kiss. I close my eyes and enjoy the ride, allowing him to lead. My heart pounds as I realize that I've opened Pandora's box. Backing out now would be offensive. And in truth, I don't want to. I want a do-over from last night—a chance to redeem myself. 
Aggressively, he pulls my sweater over my shoulders. This time, I don't resist. I drop my arms to my sides and help him take it off the rest of the way. 
His eyes bore into mine, so intense that I feel a tingling of submission inside as he backs me up against the bed. By the time my butt hits it, he's already working to get my shirt over my head. The second that my skin is exposed, his lips are on my collarbone. I crane my neck to the side and moan from the soft feel of his kiss coupled with the roughness of his hands as they wrap around my waist and draw me to him again. My pliable body seems to mold against his wall of muscle. I still feel embarrassed for being so fluffy, but if it bothered him any, we wouldn't be doing the things we are now.
He places a line of kisses around the front of my neck before finding the zipper of my skirt and pulling it down. It amazes me how his hands seemed to hone in on it, as if he's very experienced at taking off every manner of women's clothing. He probably is, I think with a frown. After all, he does work at Flesh on the weekends. Beyond that though, I'm sure that he sleeps with a lot of women. The thought makes my arousal wane, but I quickly try to push it away. Nothing good ever came from over-thinking things like this, especially when my goal is redemption. 
As my skirt falls to my ankles, Lucian grabs two fistfuls of my ass and hoists me up onto the bed, then he presses his body between my legs to kiss me again. I dare to touch him, sliding my hands over his shoulders to drape them around his neck. Touching him adds a whole other level to my arousal. I've never been brave enough to do it before, though he's certainly done a lot of touching on me. 
His hands curl around my pantyhose, and he begins to remove them slowly. When he moves back to pull them over my hips and down my legs, I catch a glimpse of the tent in his pants. He must not be wearing any underwear, because I can see the outline of his cock perfectly. Shaft, glans, and all. So thick and ready for me. 
“Get up further on the bed,” he instructs once my shoes and hose are off. 
I scoot back, being mindful of my injured ankle. The last thing I want to do is make it worse.
I expect him to toss my hose onto the floor, as he's done with my other clothes, but instead, he wads them up in his fist and crawls up onto the bed beside me. He moves over me like a predator, his gorgeous eyes looking almost dangerous. It makes me feel oh so horny. 
“Give me your wrists,” he demands.
When he sits up beside me and begins straightening out my hose, I know his game. At this point, I'm pretty sure he's the MacGyver of restraints. If I wasn't wearing hose, he probably would have pulled the tie string out of his pants to bind my wrists. It's a bit disturbing that he can't seem to enjoy having sex without tying me up first, but I decide to go with it. He is a Dom, after all, and I'm sure his kinks run deep.
This time, he isn't anywhere near as gentle with restraining me. In fact, it would take great effort for me to wiggle free, which is worrisome. As he loops and knots the hose around my wrists, his eyes occasionally dart to my face, and I can't help but wonder if he's gauging my level of discomfort from being bound so tightly. Even though it makes me a bit nervous, I decide to trust him. He's not really a stranger to me anymore. I don't think he'd actually hurt me. 
“Lie down and put your hands over your head.”
I do as I'm told, watching his every move. This time feels different than last night, somehow. It's like we're back at Flesh. I'm completely submissive, putting my pleasure in his hands. Thoughts of work and how this will affect the project are on the back burner as I focus on enjoying my time with him. I feel addicted, and in this moment, nothing else matters other than seeing what he'll do next.
Lucian leans over and pulls open the bedside table drawer. He extracts a blindfold very similar to the one he used on me at Flesh. I wonder if he's drawing on the familiarity to keep me calm. That's probably thinking too far into it though. 
So many thoughts are going through my mind as I watch him straighten out the strings on the back of the blindfold. I can distinctly remember feeling the loss of not being able to see his shirtless body the last time I had a blindfold on. Back then, I had never expected to see him again. This is the third time I've seen him shirtless, and while I'd love to keep looking at him—to drool over his perfect muscular torso—it's not as important as it once was.
There's still the issue of trust, though. Being blindfolded and bound, especially to this degree, makes me incredibly vulnerable. He could do anything he wanted, and I wouldn't be able to stop him. But we've been in this position before, and everything turned out alright. It turned out better than alright. In fact, I thoroughly enjoyed myself. 
I allow him to slip the blindfold over my head, though I can't help but feel uncomfortable. 
“I can trust you, right?” I ask apprehensively.
He pauses before sliding the blindfold over my eyes. “I don't know. Can you?”
A knot tightens in my chest as I pray to God he's joking. That's not something you say to someone before you blindfold them. As a Dom, he should know better. Part of BDSM is about building trust. He's not doing a very good job right now.
The moment my sight is taken from me, my breathing starts becoming ragged and shallow. My other senses go on high alert, and I feel extra sensitive, to everything. 
“I'm not going to hurt you, Amy,” he tells me soothingly, and it does help a little. “We're just going to do a bit of sensation play.”
The first thing I feel is his lips on my chest. My body melts into the comforter below as his gentle kiss lulls me into a sense of security. He moves slowly, with purpose, lingering on each spot, swirling his tongue over my skin. I moan softly, enjoying the feel of his lips as they trail down between my breasts and over my stomach, though I find myself sucking in when he gets to my tummy.
“Stop it.” He taps my stomach. “You're beautiful just the way you are.”
His words flood me with warmth. Does he really think that, or is he just saying it to make me feel better? If it's the later of the two, it has worked.
I try to relax and wait for his next move. 
His fingertips play over the swell of my breasts, rubbing back and forth, teasing the soft skin there while he kisses my forehead and then my lips. A chaste kiss, leaving me wanting more. That's what this is all about though. The tease.
He pushes his hands beneath me to unclasp my bra. Then he pulls it all the way off and up until it catches on my bound wrists. I blush as my breasts are exposed, even though I know he's seen them before. It always feels a bit strange being at his mercy like this, knowing that he's looking at my imperfect body. I can never quite get used to it.
His palms press into my flesh, grabbing two handfuls of my breasts, his fingers kneading into me as he squeezes gently. My nipples bead beneath the heat of his hands, which causes me to blush more. Just the simplest touch from him makes arousal pool below, perhaps because I know things are only going to get more intense from here.
I concentrate on my breathing and feeling his fingertips move over me. He traces them across my collarbone, around my breasts, over my ribcage. Then he does it again, diverting from the original path to cover more area. Every time his fingers brush against one of my nipples, I feel a wave of pleasure course from my chest to my clit, making it throb.
On the third pass, his hands explore all the way down to my panties. He grabs the waistband and removes them slowly. I hear a soft thud as he tosses them off of the bed. Then my breath hitches as his thumb digs between my folds to make a few teasing circles around my cleft. I groan and wiggle a little, spreading my thighs for him.
“That's a good girl. Spread them wider. I want to see that pretty pink pussy of yours.”
I obey, bowing my legs so that he can crawl between them. I expect him to touch me right away, but instead, his weight shifts on the bed, and I hear the bedside table drawer open again.
My heartbeat speeds up as I wonder what he's doing. It's the first time I've felt a twinge of fear all night. 
This isn't like Flesh. There was no list when I walked into his house where I could write down what I'd allow him to do to me. The ball is in his court, at this point. I have absolutely no clue what he's pulling out of the drawer, and that thought is unsettling. It could be anything.
“What are you doing?” I ask, allowing my internal panicking to get the better of me.
“You'll see.” I can hear the grin in his voice. He knows he's frightening me—driving me crazy. It's annoying that he's getting enjoyment out of it.
I hold my breath as his body weight shifts back onto the bed, waiting with a ball of knots in my stomach for what he's going to do to me. The second I feel something touch my chest, I flinch.
“Calm down, it's just my hand.” He flattens his palm against my chest, giving me a moment to adjust to the sensation.
“I don't like not knowing what you're going to do.”
“If you keep talking, I won't do anything.” His hand withdraws from me, and it seems like the rest of his body has followed. I don't feel the closeness from him that was there before. He's disappointed in me, probably sitting back and just staring at me, wondering if this was a bad idea.
For several moments, the room is silent aside from our breathing. Now I'm panicking for a completely different reason. Did I piss him off? Is he losing interest? I certainly don't want that. But at the same time, I'm just so scared. The fact that I don't completely trust him is shining through like the brightest rays of the sun.
“What do you think I'm going to do to you?” he asks.
The question makes me tense up. “I don't know.”
“Something horrible?” There's a hint of anger in his voice.
“I don't know.” I bite my bottom lip.
“I do horrible things to people.”
The hollowness of his words fill me with dread. He sounds alien—not the same man. Genuine fear wells up inside of me, and I think of every horror movie I've ever seen where a gorgeous, charismatic guy ends up being the killer. This would be the part where he stabs me to death. It just falls in line with everything that the media has taught me to believe. I desperately want to squirm out of my restraints, but I know he's watching me, and I know he'll react. No matter how I look at it, I'm screwed.
“But people enjoy the horrible things I do to them,” he continues, his tone softer this time. “I would never do anything to you that I didn't think you'd enjoy.”
I cry out as I feel something soft touch my chest—something that's not his hand. It takes a few seconds for my brain to process the sensation. I'm so busy concentrating on lowering the rapid beating of my heart, that my body is in delayed response mode.
He trails the object between my breasts, then over my nipples. It tickles more than anything else. Feathery. Light. Soft. Feathers! It's a feather tickler. My body relaxes at the realization, and I internally curse myself for being such a baby, for allowing my mind to turn the sensual situation into a horror movie. 
“I'm disappointed that you don't trust me,” he says.
“I'm sorry,” is the only thing I can think of to respond. Even though his reprimanding is gentle, it still causes an emotional flood to shift through me and make my eyes water. 
Oh no, this is going to be our first time together all over again. It's the countdown until I start sobbing uncontrollably. He's going to think you're a complete baby if you do. Suck it up, Amy. He can't see you now. If you can just get it under control before he pulls the blindfold off.
I hiccup, and he pauses for a moment. A new fear assaults me—the fear of him catching me crying again. Thankfully, though, he continues what he's doing, dragging the tickler slowly over my skin. 
His movements are sensual, and when he drags the tickler across my nipples, it does feel good. If anything, it's more soothing than arousing. 
I suck in a breath as the toy makes its way lower and lower. Lucian spreads my pussy lips with his fingers and teases the tickler over my clit. It throbs in response, but not from the toy. More from the thought that he's touching me down there. Then he drags it slowly across my inner thigh, which makes me giggle.
“See, nothing painful about this.” 
I can hear the smile in his voice, and it makes me relax even more. I'm safe in his care. Why I didn't realize that before, I don't know. Perhaps because we still don't know each other very well. 
The bed shifts again, and I hear a small tapping sound, which makes me think he set the tickler down on the bedside table. Then his weight focuses between my legs. His hands press on my inner thighs, rubbing and massaging them. I moan, the tears beneath my eyes quickly drying. 
Disaster averted.
The bed moves beneath me as he repositions himself. I'm honestly not sure what he's doing until I feel a warm breath waft over my pussy lips, sending my nerves on high alert. His mouth is close to my sex. He's going to...
My breathing picks up again as I feel him spreading me with his thumbs. The thought that he's looking at me is embarrassing. A thick digit rubs over my clit softly, teasingly. I bite my tongue to keep from moaning again.
“Do you want me to touch you down here?” he asks.
“Mhm.” I nod.
“Do you want me to taste you down here?”
The question is so crude that I don't think I can force myself to answer it. I wrinkle my nose.
“Is that a no?” He presses harder, sliding his thumb all the way down to my hole and then back up again. Every time he touches my clit, I feel my orgasm building. It won't be long.
“Yes,” I squeak.
“Yes you don't want me to taste you, or yes you do?” He leans in and kisses my clit, which makes my hormones go insane.
“Yes, I do, Sir.”
“Sir,” he parrots, chuckling lightly. “That's a good girl.”
The first flick of his tongue across my clit about sends me over the edge. I dig my nails into the pantyhose to ground myself. It's too soon. I can't come yet. Not yet.
His tongue slicks around my cleft before he sucks my clit up into his mouth. I try my best not to squirm as all of my arousal pools to that one tiny bundle of nerves. 
As he sucks on me, he pushes two fingers into my pussy, and I quickly clamp around them. He's not gentle. Not caring about being a tease. The fingers begin to move, probing in and out roughly. Meanwhile, his mouth is all licking and sucking and making my climax rocket to the surface.
I try to hold it back, for as long as I can, but it's no use. The combined sensation of his amazing oral skills and his fingers pumping into me drives me over the edge at staggering speeds. Shamelessly, I cry out loud enough for the entire neighborhood to hear as my body floods with pleasure.
“Mmm yeah,” he whispers into me, barely missing a beat. He withdraws his fingers and replaces them with his tongue. His arms wrap around my hips, and he pulls me up into him, burying his face between my legs. It's so hot that I worry I might come all over his face a second time.
“Oh my God,” I breathe, consumed with the feeling of his tongue and mouth devouring me. It's the best thing ever.
He sucks a path back up to my clit, but by that time, I'm too sensitive. I let out a small whimper, and he immediately drops me down onto the bed. His weight shifts again, and I hear the rustling of clothing.
The next thing I feel is his cock slapping against my clit. I can't believe how heavy it feels. Maybe it's because I'm blindfolded and my brain is processing things differently, but it seems like his cock weighs a good ten pounds. It's probably just his arousal pressing it down against me though.
“You're going to be a good girl for me this time, won't you?” his voice is full of lust, and it only makes my engines rev again.
“Yes, Sir.”
“When I put it in you this time, I'm not going to stop. Even if you cry and scream and beg, I'm going to fuck you until I get my fill.”
Holy mother of sexy. My pussy clenches from his words. I want this. I want him to be rough, to do things to me that no man ever has. 
I brace myself for the intrusion, but no amount of mental pep talks can prepare me for that intense spreading feeling. He bucks into me with one quick thrust, making me cry out. Good God, he's big. It hurts even worse than it did yesterday, because I'm still sore. He hisses in pleasure, pushing himself as far into me as he can fit.
“Mmm your pussy feels so good. If I didn't know any better, I would have thought you were a virgin yesterday. But you didn't bleed.”
I can't believe he's actually talking about this. It makes my face heat up. I'm not sure if he expects me to respond, but I don't.
He wraps his hands around my hips, pulling me against him, repositioning our bodies. Then he slides all the way out of me slowly before ramming himself in again. My breath hitches from the roughness of it. He seems to like the gasping sounds that I make, because he does it a few more times before he leans over me and begins thrusting.
I close my eyes and grit my teeth until the pain passes, until the lubrication of my body makes him slide in and out of me with ease, and the discomfort melts into pleasure. It's euphoric being with him like this, though it would be far better if I could see him. Again, the blindfold becomes my enemy. I want to look into his amazing blue eyes, want to watch his muscles flex as his body moves on top of mine, want to see his monster cock pumping in and out of me. I like being fucked by him. It makes me so stupidly happy, even if he isn't romantic. He's definitely not romantic. He's something else. Something I've never experienced before. Something entirely different.
After a while, he turns me onto my side, straddling one of my legs and holding the other up against his chest before he enters me again. I feel like a doll, positioned for his pleasure. I don't care though. All that matters is that he keeps fucking me, keeps making me feel like this. Fulfilled in a way I haven't felt in a while, though I can't really explain it.
He lets my leg fall back down, then he hooks both of my legs over his hips and goes to pound town. He picks up the pace, hammering into me, causing delicious pulses at my core that signal another climax is on its way. More than anything, I wish I could wrap my arms around his neck and hold him to me, but I know he wouldn't want that. He wants me to lay beneath him obediently. I have to be good, or he might stop completely. And I definitely don't want him to stop.
His breathing is ragged now. His cock feels amazingly hot. I whimper between clenched teeth as the stretching sensation reverts back to pleasure-pain. He's fucking me raw. Being brutal and selfish and amazing. For as much as I loved having sex with David, the soft way that we made love, there's a part of me that likes this a lot more. It always took me so long to orgasm with David. Sometimes, it didn't even happen. With Lucian, I feel like I'm always on the brink. And I'm about to fall over right...
He stills against me, and the overwhelming pleasure I feel from his cock twitching inside of me makes me come all over his dick. The orgasm is intense. Everything around me goes dark, darker than even being blind, and the world seems to stop moving completely. Lucian curses as he bucks into me a few more times, his cock feeling impossibly big as it spurts its load into me. I can't believe he's coming inside of me, but to be honest, it only turns me on that much more. No man has ever come inside of me before. I've never allowed it to happen. But here, where I feel like I have no control, it seems okay. And oddly enough, it just makes me feel more intimately connected to Lucian. It makes my own orgasm that much better, to know that he's filling me up, that what's happening between us could cause an unbreakable connection.
Baby fever in the middle of sex. What in the hell is wrong with me? I don't know this guy. I definitely don't want to be having his kid. I need to snap out of it. 
The second my orgasm subsides, my mind goes into overdrive. The pleasure of our simultaneous climax wanes, and I begin to linger on that baby subject. The birth control I'm on has a ninety-seven percent pregnancy prevention rate, but it would be my luck that I'd be in the three percent. 
Lucian pulls out of me, and I feel a sticky stream of wetness trail behind which makes me want to clamp my legs together, though that's probably the wrong reaction. I need to take a shower, pronto. 
I try to wiggle free from the pantyhose, but it's no use, so instead, I pull off the blindfold. Lucian already has his dick back in his pants and is crawling off of the bed. Once his feet hit the ground, he helps me sit up and starts working on untying my wrists. 
“That was...something else,” I say breathlessly.
“It was good.” He doesn't even look at me as he tugs at the hose until it finally loosens around my wrists, and I'm able to pull free. No doubt, this pair is completely ruined. If it doesn't have runs in it, it's stretched beyond wearability. 
I smooth the hose out, looking at Lucian shyly while he picks my clothes up off of the floor and sets them on the bed next to me. It doesn't take a genius to realize that he doesn't want to cuddle. 
“So,” I drag the word out, wanting to talk, but not knowing what to say.
He avoids my gaze, rubbing the back of his neck. “I appreciate you coming here today, and I'm looking forward to working with you on the project. If you don't mind, I need to start getting dressed. I have somewhere to be in an hour.”
My mouth falls agape at his dismissal, but I quickly recover, shaking my head as if coming out of a dream. “Oh, sure. That's fine. I guess I'll get dressed, then.”
Getting dressed is the last thing I want to do, putting my underwear back on when I'm still so full of his seed. It seems incredibly rude that he's kicking me out now. 
“Your bathroom is...” I grab my clothes and point to the door that obviously leads to the master bathroom.
“Yes.” He nods, then turns away from me to rummage through his chest of drawers.
My eyes fixate on his back for a second before I push myself off of the bed and head into the bathroom. His bathroom is absolutely massive with a jacuzzi tub and a walk-in shower that could easily fit about half a dozen people. If I wasn't in such a hurry to get dressed and leave, I probably would have stood and marveled at it for a while. Everything is expensive and done in marble. 
Instead of lingering though, I grab some toilet paper to clean myself off as best I can before putting my underwear back on and shimmying into my skirt and blouse. By the time I leave the bathroom, Lucian is already dressed, wearing black from head to toe, perfectly fitted slacks with a dress shirt and tie. The only sign that he was indecent moments prior is his just-fucked hair. I'm not really sure how it got that way since I wasn't able to run my fingers through it. One of the amazing mysteries of sex.
I expect him to say something, but the whole atmosphere between us is nothing but awkward as he leads me towards the front door. It's the walk of shame. The part where I realize that what we did was just sex to him, and I start breaking down emotionally. I can already feel myself beginning to crumble, the tears stalking below the surface, waiting for a crack in my exterior to come gushing through full force.
“Drive safe,” he tells me as he opens the front door to usher me out.
“Thanks,” I respond, my tone as dead as I feel inside.
Then the door closes, and it's over. I clutch my purse tightly as if it will offer some sort of comfort while I make my way to my car. Sleeping with Lucian was a mistake. Yes, I redeemed myself, but to what purpose. The sex was great, but now...I can't remember the last time I felt so horrible about myself.
I slip into the front seat of my car and simply stare out through the front window for a minute. Tears make their way to the surface and cascade down my face slowly. I feel too numb to break into sobs. The rational part of me says that I never should have expected anything more than this. And what in the hell does he have to do this damn late at night? Is it a date? Does he have an appointment at Flesh?
Flesh. 
I start my car and blink away my tears. Why do I keep forgetting about that place? It's because I'm so attracted to him. Pathetically, I try to pretend that he's normal. He's not normal though. Not only is he not normal, but he's definitely fucking other people. 
The pictures in his bedroom were turned down. Maybe they were of his girlfriend. Perhaps he didn't want me to know. Maybe he's going to fuck her right after he had sex with me.
The possibilities are maddening. Derrick was right. This was beyond a bad idea. Why did I let myself fall for Lucian?
Because you wanted it. You wanted him to make you feel how you've never felt before. 
That thought is almost laughable. While we were having sex, I did feel how I've never felt before, aroused to a level that I didn't even think existed. But now, I also feel like I've never felt before—like a complete slut. Selfish. My body was too greedy, and now my heart is paying the price. Hours from now, maybe even minutes from now, he'll be with another woman. I tried to pretend like it didn't bother me so that I could get what I wanted from him. Now, though, it makes me feel like a horrible person, like a worthless human being. 
I can't do this anymore. I can't see him again. Not like this. It sucks that I still have to work with him, but that's all it can be from this point on. If I lose him as a client, there will always be other clients. And if I get fired because I lose him, I'm sure I can find another job. 
Trying to force myself to believe that he's something he's not isn't working. It's pointless and damaging. I have to stand my ground from now on. Damn the job. I have to put myself first. No more Lucian Reddick.


To further support this author, please post a review after you finish reading this book.

Sky Corgan is the USA Today bestselling author of Bully. She lives in Texas where the sun is hot and the men are hotter. When she's not typing away at her next steamy romance novel, she enjoys hanging out with friends and attending kinky BDSM clubs. Many of the events in her books are based on things that actually happened, and she greatly fancies infusing real life with fantasy.

Sign up for her mailing list and find out about her latest releases, giveaways, and more. Plus, get a FREE book! Click here!
Twitter: http://twitter.com/AuthorSkyCorgan
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/AuthorSkyCorgan/


Also By Sky Corgan:

Bully
Unmatchable
His Indecent Lessons
Damaged
Primal
The Billionaires Club
The Snowman
Mixed Up
Sold Innocence
