Forbidden Disclosure

A Billionaire in Disguise

Book 1

By Terri Marie


Copyright © 2012 by Terri Marie
All rights reserved
Smashwords edition

This novel is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to real people, dead or alive, is strictly a matter of coincidence. Places and events depicted in these pages are from the author’s imagination.

ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. This book contains material protected under International and Federal Copyright Laws and Treaties. Any unauthorized reprint or use of this material is prohibited. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system without express written permission from the author / publisher.


Published by Gossamer Publishing


Author contact:
Terri Marie
PO Box 972309
Ypsilanti, Michigan 48197



Cover art by:
StanzAloneDesign



This is dedicated to Allen and Linda. May your rewards be greater than your battles, always. Thank you for coming with me on this journey, and know that I love you more than anything. I'd be lost without you two!


A special thank you to Carolyn and Meredith for the countless hours you spent poring over my manuscript. Much love!



Chapter 1

Daniel Giordano reached into his pocket and held out the beautiful, emerald necklace for his date. He'd met this woman in a night club two weeks before. He certainly didn't give her the expensive jewelry because of any emotional attachment on his part. The rich bachelor was careful about keeping a collection of extraordinary gifts inside of his penthouse to give to the women who pleased him the most. This was the second date with her in a week, and she was very good at satisfying his needs without hounding him about a relationship. Any such talk on that subject warranted indefinite distance. Daniel was a player and was perfectly happy with that decision. Life was just too short. 
"Oh my God! I love it!"
"I bought it just for you, Monique," whispered Daniel as he fastened the clasp around her delicate neck. She didn't need to know he purchased it for wholesale.
"My name is Cheryl…"
"I meant, Cheryl." He was quick to make a save. "I just got off the phone with my secretary. Her name's Monique, and she has a million things for me to do in the morning." He was relieved when he watched her nod her head in understanding. His secretary's name is Carolyn, but she'd never know that either. Daniel was hoping she wouldn't insist on him coming inside. The gift and a kiss should be good enough. It really was selected for Monique, the breathtaking redhead, but she came down with the flu this evening. Her loss. Cheryl had jumped at the offer to go out with him.
"Will you call me tomorrow? I'll keep myself free just for you." She batted her false eyelashes and ran her palm down his clean-shaven face. "You could come in for a drink if you'd like…"
"Goodnight, Cheryl." He smiled and turned away. Asking to be called the next day was the beginning of the spiral into a relationship. He'd have to watch her carefully. 
On their first date, Daniel had given her a pair of sapphire earrings, so she made out well. The women he attracted were gold diggers, but he didn't mind. They met his needs without any sort of commitment. When he needed a date, he had a large list of beautiful women to choose from. These young, gorgeous models kept themselves available because they were lavished in finer things. On occasion, he'd sense some maternal instinct rearing its ugly head and go running.
Daniel drove home exhausted. It was four in the morning, but he had to make sure he had a date for tonight's party. He immediately thought of Marissa. She was a real knockout and knew the ropes. He'd never have to worry about her trying to dig claws into him. Their relationship was understood: date, sex, gifts, go home…in that order. When women spent the night, they always seemed to leave a few things behind. He wasn't ignorant to the fact that it was intentional, but it was also another sign. Before he knew it, they'd have their toothbrush in his bathroom, then clothes…No thanks. He reached for his phone.
"Daniel!" 
Even though she was beautiful, Marissa's high-pitched voice grated on his nerves. He knew it was late to be making phone calls, but he never took someone else's sleep schedule into consideration. "I have a party to go to tonight. You could join me if you'd like." Daniel said he'd pick her up at eight and already knew what gift he'd give her. Marissa jumped at the opportunity, just like he knew she would. 
He quickly drove home with wonderful thoughts of living in dreamland until noon at least. After all, that's what weekends were for.
The last thing he expected on his day to sleep in was a phone call at eight in the morning. He'd only slept for three hours and was ready to rip someone's head off when he picked up the phone.
"Be in my study in one hour, Daniel!"
Before he could object, the line went dead. It was Saturday for God's sake. But he knew there wouldn't be a choice when summoned directly by his father and was positive the meeting would go badly, especially with that voice tone. He showered, downed a cup of coffee, and walked out the door. He had a bad feeling about this meeting.


∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



Daniel approached his father's mansion with sweaty palms and a slight tremor. He had no idea why the great Francesco Giordano had demanded his presence but, whatever it was, he wasn't looking forward to finding out. He'd listened to the older man's loud, boisterous voice many times, but had never heard him sound like this before. His mind was quickly going over every topic he could think of. What did I do now?
When he walked inside the front entrance, Daniel strained his ears in hopes of overhearing something so he could prepare himself, but the house was quiet. He knocked softy before opening the heavy door to the study, and even though there was instant eye contact between him and his father, no words were spoken until he sat in the chair. Just like a switch got turned on, he listened while his father roared at him. All he could do was try and be quiet until the old man calmed down some. Anything he said would just add fuel to the fire.
Francesco Giordano glared at his son from across the large mahogany desk. He was broad shouldered and always impeccably dressed, which just added to his ability to be intimidating. “Are you listening to me, Daniel?” Sometimes his broken English was difficult to understand.
“Yes, I hear you loud and clear.” He was beginning to squirm. He hadn’t seen his father this angry in years, and his fury was always directed at other businessmen…never at him. But on this day, Daniel could tell his father's blood vessels were ready to pop any second. He wished he could pretend he didn't understand the strong accent, but he did…every single word.
“You're making a joke of this family! Your mother, God rest her soul, is probably turning over in her grave. This has got to stop!” he demanded. His heavy Italian accent was very prominent, especially when he yelled. “You promised me you’d turn over a new leaf this year, and here it is, the end of March, and you’ve gotten more out of control!” 
"I’m sorry about the car." Daniel was relieved that this was the culprit.
“The car? The car?”
“Okay, cars…” Daniel looked down at his watch when his father averted his eyes and hoped he wouldn't be detained for too long.
“You know I love you, you’re my only child. I am sixty-nine years old and would love to hand over my reins to you! But how can I?”
"I can run the business, and you're aware of that.” I wish he'd just talk and stop screaming.
“And what do you think you’ll do? Destroy it like you have every single vehicle I’ve given you? Run it without dedication and perseverance? Perhaps you could run it while you’re chasing women!”
“Father, I don’t see it as a big deal. I’m young, and I know I get careless sometimes, but vehicles are easily replaced.” He knew that if his father wasn't so old fashioned, none of this would be a problem. Maybe things are different in Italy, but he didn't feel his behavior was any different than other bachelors his age.
“Easily? I got this far by working hard. Very hard! I started Giordano Seas from the ground up. I was born into poverty, Daniel, as was your mother, God rest her soul, and we worked incredibly hard. All you have done is taken everything for granted. You were pampered and that’s my fault. How do they say it? ‘Born with a cucchiaio d'argento in your mouth.’ You never worked a day in your life.”
“That isn’t true. I’ve gone to work with you many times...”
“You call flirting with the secretaries, going out for five hour lunches, working?”
“I love attractive women. Is that so bad?” He immediately knew the small laughter he allowed to escape his mouth was a huge mistake.
“I did not bring you in here to argue. Do you want to take over my shipping business?”
“You know I do. I’m your only child, who else would you give it to?”
“Victor.”
“You would give Victor the company? He isn’t even family!”
“Victor has been a devoted employee for two decades.”
“He's nothing but a go-to boy. I hardly think that gives him any kind of skill at running the company.” 
Normally by this time, Daniel would see his father start to soften. But there was no hint of Francesco Giordano backing down at all. It was this fierceness that got the old shipping mogul his billions but, unfortunately, it wasn't working on his son. Come hell or high water, the times were going to change.  Just when Daniel thought the old man was relaxing a bit, an eerie silence filled the room. He began to squirm again.
“If you want it, you're going to have to show me you'd be willing to start from the bottom. It is only then that you’ll actually value my business, make our family proud, and take care of it! You need to learn about life, not about blowing money and bedding women!”
“I think you’re underestimating me. I am more than capable of running this business.” Stop yelling, please…
“Your mother, God rest her soul, she worked just as hard as I did. She did so much work it wasn’t even funny. She worked until her hands would be crippling her with pain from hours on a typewriter, for God sakes! And here you are, twenty-six years old, acting like you’re sixteen.”
“Okay, I get your point. What do I have to do to prove that I’m capable of running Giordano Seas?” Daniel left no time for a reply from his father. “I know the business. I know how to run a competitive shipping business. I know the ins and outs of doing all of it.”
“You aren’t responsible enough. You take everything in life for granted, and I’ve told you this many times! You may know how to run the business, but you would run it into the ground. You don’t care about anything other than playing like a schoolboy. You have no appreciation and no respect!”
“I have my own place, I pay my bills on time—“
“You live in a penthouse in Manhattan, which I paid for. You have charge accounts that I pay for, and you bed a new woman every single night. You wreck cars, you—“
“What is it you want me to do?” Daniel was finally ready to get to the bottom line. He'd let his father answer the question while he waited quietly. Another long, deafening silence fell upon the study. He couldn't stand it.
“Well, I’m so glad you asked…” Francesco reached down to the bottom drawer and pulled out a file. He slowly slid it across the desk. With his fingers linked behind his head, he leaned back in his chair and smiled. All stress seemed to leave the old man's face.
Daniel picked up the file and cautiously opened it. “What is this? Who is John Williams, and why do you have all of his documents? This guy lives in Prairie, Tennessee, and you know we've never had anything to do with little cow towns. Please don’t tell me you’re actually going to hire someone from there.” He started to crack up. Daniel abruptly stopped after seeing a look of triumph in his father’s eyes. His uneasiness grew tenfold. He was shocked that his father would actually be serious about hiring this John Williams character.
Francesco pushed a button on his desk, and in walked Carl, the family’s long-time trusted butler. Over the years he'd become Francesco’s greatest friend. Even though he was part of the staff at the big mansion, he was treated like family. Carl stopped just inside the door and looked as serious as Francesco.
Francesco reached out his hand to his son. Daniel stood up with a puzzled look on his face, but placed his hand in his father’s and began to shake it. His uneasiness became obvious when he felt the grip tighten.
“It’s so very nice to meet you, Mr. John Williams.” Francesco turned on his heels and walked out of the room.
“Good afternoon, Daniel,” said Carl as he immediately sat down beside the puzzled young man.
“Carl, what’s going on?”
“Your father has created a new identity for you.”
“What?” Daniel burst out in nervous laughter.
“I am to take you to Prairie, to your new apartment. You will be given a weekly allowance until you find a job. But you only have two weeks to do so.”
“This is ridiculous!” He rolled his eyes.
“If you can last and prove to your father that you can survive on your own, work hard, and learn some lessons, you will be invited back and the business will be handed to you,” Carl explained.
“We live here, in New York. Not Prairie, Tennessee.” Daniel could tell that Carl was trying hard not to laugh.
“I am to accompany you.”
“I’m not going anywhere. He's either lost his mind, or there's some kind of hidden camera in here.” It wouldn't be the first time his father pulled the hidden camera prank, only to replay it in front of everyone.
“Then I shall go speak with him, Daniel. If you refuse, I’m sure he’ll be calling Victor.”
“This is a joke, right? I’m supposed to get all upset just to humor my father. I wish he’d get some hobbies. Some of his practical jokes are funny, but this one's a bit out there.”
“No, Daniel, there are no jokes. Our flight leaves in four hours.”
“Wait a minute. He’s actually going to get the jet fueled up to fly me out to corn country?”
“No, not exactly…”
“Then tell me exactly. Seriously, I’m not playing any more games!”
“We’re flying coach.” He hurried out of the study, so Daniel wouldn't see him lose his composure. 
Francesco gave Carl a high five when they passed each other in the hallway. He watched the tall, elegant fifty-five-year-old butler fall out in laughter when he closed the door behind him.



Daniel sped off the estate in his white Lamborghini Aventador. It was his third expensive sports car over a two month period. He may have been driving too fast, but the small accidents weren’t his fault, and his father should just be happy that no one was injured. I can’t believe he’s this ticked off about a few cars. What's wrong with him? His cell phone rang as he pulled into his secured parking spot at his penthouse. He was in no mood to listen to his father yell at him again. The voice on the other end made him just as angry.
“Daniel?” Carl cleared his throat and sounded serious.
“What is it now?” growled Daniel while he gripped his phone tightly.
“You are to leave all access to money behind. Don’t bother packing luggage. I have everything you’ll need. We are to leave soon, so feel free to eat a meal and get washed up. I’ll arrive in an hour.”
Daniel threw his phone against the passenger door and cursed loudly.



He didn’t have the stomach to eat anything. It was in knots. How could he do this to me? He thought of calling Marissa, the hot swimsuit model he had a date with this evening to cancel, but he figured this entire mess would be cleared up before then. Daniel climbed in the shower and let the hot water loosen his muscles. Suddenly it hit him. Neither his father, nor Carl for that matter, had ever let a joke go on for this long. I’ll play his little game. It’ll just take a week before the Great Francesco finds out how much he needs me. I’ll go to Tennessee and start up another business. Who’ll have the last laugh then? He quickly forgot about Marissa.
He looked at himself in the mirror with approval. Dark hair, dark brown eyes, olive complexion…Daniel smiled at the thoughts of heads turning in Prairie, Tennessee. His muscles made his expensive black suit fit just right, and he gave his reflection a wide smile. The material was hand-woven wool, soft to the touch and one of a kind. He spent the next thirty minutes pumping himself up for the biggest trial of his life. He wasn’t a failure. He got what he wanted, when he wanted it. He had the brains and the looks. Victor can bite me.
There was a knock at the door, and Daniel slowly approached it. Anyone who came up to the penthouse had to be approved and announced, but there had been no announcement. Who could possibly get up here? When he opened the door, Carl's smug look made him want to call security just for fun.
“Here, Daniel. You’ll need to leave the suit at home. I brought you these to change into.” 
Daniel opened up the big brown paper bag. His jaws clenched. “What the heck is this?” Carl's slight grin was infuriating him.
“Your clothes…”
Taking the bag with him, he went to his room and dumped the contents out on his bed. He laughed hard and loud. “I’m not wearing these!” he shouted, but no response came from Carl. He lifted the clothing up to his face, expecting to smell something foul. When no offending odors filled his senses, he decided to put them on, knowing that nothing would fit; after all, his clothes were custom made. But they did. Kill me now. Daniel stood in front of the full-length mirror again and cringed. The blue plaid flannel shirt and faded jeans were setting his insides on fire. Work boots? Seriously?! He stormed out of the room and stood in front of Carl, fuming.
“Well, you definitely look different, Daniel. Those will do just fine. Come along."
“I have no say-so in this, do I?” Daniel tried not to show his panic. Watching Carl try to hide his humor was making this entire situation worse.
“No, I’m afraid not.”
“Did you pick these out? Is this the other part to my father’s joke?”
“Come with me, Daniel. We don’t want to miss our flight.”
“What if I refuse? My father isn’t going to just up and give our family business to anyone other than me.”
“I’m afraid he will. He already has papers drawn up for Victor. Francesco is going to retire one way or the other. Let’s go, we have a plane to catch.”
“So how long is this twisted game going to last?”
“Until your father is sure you’re the best candidate.”
“Fine. I’ll play along. After all, Daniel Giordano can win anything.” He smiled and tucked his thumbs in his belt hoops to mimic the hillbillies he’d seen on television.
“You’re not Daniel Giordano. You’re John Williams. You won’t have your father’s name to carry you.”
Come on, you can do it. It’s just for a few days. As long as he didn’t look down at his clothes, Daniel felt confident. Perhaps the hidden camera is on… He couldn’t help but laugh at the whole situation. 
Walking outside with Carl, Daniel stopped and kept looking up and down the parking lot, then the street.
“Where’s the limo?”
“Right here.” Carl pointed to an old red pickup truck.
“You’re driving that?”
“Yes. I thought you should get used to it. Your new vehicle looks just like this one. Get in and buckle up. I’m not sure about its safety.”
When Daniel opened the truck door, the sounds of rusted metal grinding were loud. He did as he was told and buckled up for dear life. After four tries, Carl got the pickup started, and off they went to the airport.



The only airplane Daniel had ever flown in was the family jet. Sitting behind a large man, who insisted on reclining, was making him feel as if his six-foot four inch frame was going to fold like an accordion. 
“Try to get some rest, Daniel. It’ll make the flight go by faster.” Carl smirked.
“How the heck do I sleep with this screaming kid behind me kicking my seat? And by the way, you can stop enjoying my misery so much. You're really bad at hiding your childish expressions. I’ll be damned if I’m going to let my father win this one.” Daniel tried to find a comfortable position. There wasn't one.
“When we land, you are to be called John Williams by everyone other than myself. I have a wallet prepared for you with your first week’s allowance. Be careful how you spend it because you won’t be getting any more money for another week.”
“How much am I getting?”
“Three hundred and fifty dollars.”
“That’s it?!”
“That will be it until the following week. Your credit cards have been cancelled by your father, so don’t try to use them. If you have any, hand them, and any money you have, over to me.”
Daniel reached behind him and pulled out his wallet. Carl smiled while the young man handed over four credit cards and a thick wad of large bills, which he kept in the penthouse.
“Thank you.”
“Oh my pleasure!” spat Daniel. The humor was ending and it was sinking into him that his father wasn’t joking.



When the plane landed, Carl led Daniel out to the parking lot. True to his word, the old, rusted red pickup looked exactly like the one they left in New York, only this one had more dents and rust on it.
“Get in, Daniel, and buckle up.”
“Yeah, you don’t have to tell me that twice. What’s that smell?”
“I believe it’s the upholstery.”
“Wow, if I end up smelling like this, I’m going to be really ticked off. This is a death trap, Carl, and I really don't appreciate my safety being taken so lightly. Where are we going anyway?”
“Your new apartment.”
“Great. I can’t wait to see it. Is it a smelly death trap too?”
Carl ignored Daniel's question. “Your father has agreed to pay the rent for one month. After that, it’s up to you.”
“Oh, that’s mighty nice of him. How long are you staying here?”
“One month.”
“What a coincidence, Carl. Are we neighbors?”


∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



After an hour of the truck stalling, back firing, and shimmying, they finally entered Prairie. The rolling hills, cattle, barns, and darkness wasn’t impressing Daniel. Driving into town was just as unappealing.
Carl pulled into a small gravel parking lot next to a rundown, one-story apartment building. It was small and reminded Daniel of the scuzzy pay-by-the-hour hotels he saw on crime shows.
“Well, at least I know this is going to suck as much for you as it will for me!” Daniel laughed at the thought of Carl, in all his elegance, sleeping in this place.
A black sedan rolled up.
“Oh my God! You’re going to have security on me to make sure I stay put?” Daniel laughed.
“No, Daniel. This is my transportation to the hotel.”
Daniel sat up straight and began to go to a new level of irritation. Carl said he’d be accompanying me, and now he’s leaving?
“Wait, is it a dive hotel?”
“Of course not. I’ll be staying at a five star in Nashville. Good luck, Daniel. I’ll be contacting you. Here’s your wallet. When you’re ready, just check in at the office.”
“Wait a minute! You can't leave me here!”
Carl slid into the backseat of the sedan, and off it drove.
After sitting for a few minutes, Daniel climbed out of the pickup and walked to the office at the end of the unkempt building. The dirty white brick made him want to wear gloves to touch anything. Multiple bugs swarmed around the single light above the door, and a horrible sinking feeling was taking over his core. Daniel knew one thing for sure; he would immediately climb in the shower and scrub himself as soon as he reached his room.


Chapter 2



“Hello,” said Daniel in the most polite voice he could muster through clenched teeth. He had a throbbing pain in his right temple and didn't have an ounce of patience left to give to anyone. He could tell that the clerk was ignoring him. He watched her stare at a damn cross word puzzle.
 “Hello!” Daniel’s voice was showing his irritation. He wasn’t used to anyone not acknowledging his presence. “Can you hear me?” The older woman with the big, crooked blonde wig was already getting on his nerves. Her eyebrows, created with a dark pencil, gave her a constant expression of surprise. He smacked his hand down on the counter to add a little bit of noise, maybe force the old bat out of her coma.
“Hold your britches. My name's Beatrice, for your information, and I'm not about to be shoved around by some young cowpoke. Where I come from, elders are to be treated with respect. My time is very valuable. I'm trying to come up with a five letter word on this puzzle, and unless you have the answer, you'll have to wait a blasted minute," she said while loudly snapping her gum. 
 Her southern twang was doing nothing for Daniel’s mood. If he could get away with it he would choke her.
“I’m here to find out which room I’m in, though I doubt I’ll be here for very long.” 
“What’s your name?”
“Dan—err John Williams.”
“You ain’t from these parts, city boy. There's such a thing as Southern hospitality, and you ain't got it!"
“What room am I in?” The last thing he wanted was to have a conversation with this rude woman. 
“Number four. Here’s your key. Don’t lose it or it’s gonna cost ya ten bucks!” Beatrice handed the key over. 
 He hastily grabbed it, and walked down to number four. The stench hit Daniel instantly when he opened the door. The smell of mildew, stale smoke, and something fried made him want to hurl. The dim light revealed a small kitchen table with two metal chairs, which were covered by yellow-flowered vinyl. The top of the small table was yellow, chipped, and had some burned places from someone’s carelessness with a cigarette. But according to the smell of the place he’d have to add another thousand people and cigarettes to the cause of the problem. Daniel didn’t smoke and the smell was overwhelming him. The vinyl on both cheap metal chairs had splits on the seats. He was sure the visible foam wasn’t always black. On the tabletop was a plastic pink flower arrangement and a collection of dead bugs.
The bedroom, if you want to call it that, was off the kitchen and in the same area. The bathroom was something Daniel definitely never planned on using. The dirt and rust was disgusting, and bugs had collected everywhere. There was no way he was going to touch this room. 
He sat his suitcase on a small twin bed with a heavily sagging mattress. There was a black plaid loveseat that had areas worn down to the stuffing. Burn holes covered the armrests, seat cushions, and carpet. He’d get out of this hellhole one way or another. I can’t believe this! There was no television, no dishes or silverware. He spotted an old space heater in the corner, but no sign of an air conditioner. The cupboards and refrigerator were bare, except for an exploded soda can and more bugs. 
Daniel needed a drink…or ten.
Digging out his cell phone, he was ready to call his father. Instead, he placed it back in his pocket, not wanting the Great Francesco to know his misery. I can do this. He won’t beat me. This'll be easy...
Climbing inside of the battered pickup, Daniel drove the five miles back into town. There was a small grocery store, feed store, a barber shop, and a few deserted buildings. He heard loud music and spotted the bar at the end of town. The Corral. He instantly laughed at the name on the sign.
The country music was blaring. There were men and women of all ages standing out front, smoking and tipping beers. They were as loud as the music, but Daniel didn’t care. It was nothing that several drinks wouldn’t fix. As he stepped through the wooden door, a man the size of a bulldozer ran right into him.
“Pardon me,” said the obviously drunk farmer. Daniel instantly smelled the hillbilly’s foul odor and made sure to give him plenty of room to go by.
He couldn’t help but laugh at all the hicks. The music was making his headache worse, and he desperately wanted a drink to make the taste of this nightmare go away. Daniel found a small empty table in the corner underneath the dim lights. He let his eyes roam the place. Line dancing! Before he was able to crack up over the spectacles the men and women were making of themselves, he heard the definite sounds of a man and woman arguing. 
“You’re fired!” yelled a plump, redheaded man in his early fifties.
“Good!” 
The strawberry blonde in tight jeans, a small apron, and white t-shirt getting yelled at, caught his attention more than anything else. She didn’t seem to be intimidated at all by the loud, plump man. She lifted a heavy tray and delivered the beer bottles to a nearby table. Afterward, she approached Daniel’s table.
“What would you like?” she asked with a scowl on her face.
“You don’t seem very chipper.”
“Look, do you want something or not? You can’t just sit here and not order anything. House Rules, they’re posted.” She pointed to the sign by the end of the bar.
“Okay, I didn’t mean to offend you. Sorry if it seemed that way.”
“I’ve never seen you before. You new to these parts?” 
“Yes, you could say that.” Daniel became very self-conscious of his attire. He loved to impress women, and this outfit wasn’t going to cut it.
“Name’s Katherine. Don’t call me Kat, it’ll piss me off. What would you like to drink?”
“I’ll take a nice dry martini.”
“Seriously, what do you want? I don’t have all night.”
Daniel looked around and reminded himself of where he was.
“What’s your name?”
“Da—uh John Williams.”
“Welcome, Duh John Williams. Spit your order out.”
“I’ll take a beer. Whatever you have on tap will be fine.”
“Be right back,” she yelled over the music. 
As she walked to the bar, Daniel saw a large hand pat her behind. Katherine spun around and punched the guy square in the chin. The man went to grab her wrist, and before he knew it, Daniel was running full speed at the large man in overalls. He grabbed him, spun him around, and punched him in the mouth. He thought for sure the big lumberjack would go out stone cold, but he'd only seen fighting in movies and hadn’t ever hit anyone before. The man smiled with his bloody lip and hit Daniel one time. 



The sound of glass clanking woke him up. He was aware of his surroundings after a couple of minutes. Thankfully the music was off, because his head was pounding.
“Mr. Williams, are you doing okay?”
Daniel took a moment to let his vision clear. He looked at the waitress, who now had her apron off and her hair down. Long strawberry blonde curls hung in her face as she bent closer to him. 
“Yeah, I’m okay. I think my eye is swollen.”
“You’ll have a pretty good shiner out of that one.”
“I guess I shouldn’t have hit him.”
“Well, it was my fault. I don’t like men grabbing me, and my lazy uncle wouldn’t have done anything quick enough. Thank you for sticking up for me like that.”
“I did a pretty lousy job. Did he leave?”
“Yeah he left. A few guys threw him out of here.” Katherine put a cold rag on Daniel’s eye, causing him to wince.
“Where are you from?” she asked, trying to keep her voice soft.
“New York.”
“Wow, you’re a long way from New York. Are you staying around here?”
“Up the road a bit.” Yes, I live in a gross shack. Just follow the smell and bugs and you’ll find it.
“Can I get you anything? This beer is on the house.” Katherine smiled, and that was all it took. Her green eyes, curvy little body…Knock it off, Daniel. You don’t even have a place that’s suitable to bring her.
“Thank you, Katherine. But didn’t you get fired?”
“He fires me every day. Even though he’s a hard ass on the outside, he’s a pretty good person on the inside.”
“You don’t have a southern accent. You must not be from around here either.” Daniel held the cold cloth against his eye.
“I lived up in Michigan, but my uncle needed my help. He fell ill with pneumonia so I came to pitch in. I left school and had to use my money that I’d saved up for college to get this place up to code. Well, as much as I could. He’s better now, but school is out of the question for me.”
“What were you studying?” He saw the sadness in the young waitress’s eyes.
“Fashion Design. That’s just a dream now, it’ll never happen.”
Daniel groaned as his hand touched the swollen flesh on his face. 
“You sure you’re okay?”
“I’ll be fine. Do you live close by?” He knew he had to find her again. She seemed like the only normal one in this crappy little town.
“I’m staying upstairs. There’s a small studio apartment up there. It isn’t much but it’s a roof over my head. It’s been nice talking with you, Mr. Williams, but I have to close the place up, and it’s awfully late. I feel like I’m going to fall over.” Katherine flashed that beautiful smile again, but Daniel could see how tired she was. His head was still throbbing and he wanted to get some sleep himself.
“Well I'll see you around.” Katherine said as she turned and walked back behind the bar to the register. She couldn’t help but notice how gorgeous this John Williams was. Everyone looks good in a bar…Katherine shook her head.
Daniel smiled and waved before walking out to his dilapidated hunk of rusted metal. Luckily, it started after two tries. 
Opening the door at his so-called apartment, the smell hit him as quickly as it did the first time. Where am I supposed to sleep? That’s the question. Pulling the blanket off the twin bed, Daniel covered the couch with it and stretched out as much as he could. He quickly fell asleep but was wide awake at four in the morning. A bug was crawling up his arm, and a few more were on his chest. That does it!  He got up, threw on his jeans, and climbed in his truck to search for a store. There was no way he was going to live someplace that was full of God knows what kind of bugs.



The grocery store didn’t open until six. That was just fine, he’d wait. At five-thirty, a knock on his window brought him to high alert. When Daniel saw that it was an older man, he rolled down his window halfway.
“Sir, you can’t sleep in the parking lot! Go on back home and get your shut-eye. This place is for shoppers!”
Daniel read the sign. "Prairie Market." The man’s name tag was covered up by an apron.
“Is this your store?”
“Yep, my name’s Clyde. You must be new around these parts. Everyone knows who I am. I’ve lived in Prairie all my life, and this store was built and started by my father.” Clyde smiled with pride.
“My name’s John Williams. It’s a pleasure to meet you.” Daniel reached out his hand and gave him a strong handshake. “What time do you open? I just need to pick up a few things.”
“We open up at six, but you can come on in and get what ya need. Folks around here are pretty neighborly, but I can see you ran into someone who doesn’t quite fit that description.” Clyde laughed and showed a mouth with very few teeth.
Daniel put his hand to his eye. “Yeah, something like that.”
Clyde walked inside the store and Daniel followed close behind and grabbed a cart.
“If you’re gonna need more than what I carry here, you’ll have to head on out to Nashville. You can find some malls and whatnot.”
“Thanks, Clyde.” 



Daniel didn’t know what he was doing. He bought tons of frozen food that could be quickly heated up in the small oven. He didn’t have a microwave in the gross apartment. He didn’t use either back home. He dined out at restaurants, or one of the sexy women he slept with would occasionally cook for him, as long as it wouldn't be construed as something more serious. He also bought bottles of water, twelve cans of air freshener, bug spray, and candles in every strong scent he could find. He stopped in the cleaning aisle and picked up several bottles of cleaner. 
“That’ll be eighty-five dollars and forty-seven cents,” said Clyde.
“Eighty-five dollars?”
“Well, it’s not in woodchips. Yes, dollars.” Clyde eyed the young man suspiciously. He wasn’t going to be happy if he had to put this stuff back on the shelves and in the freezer.
Daniel gave the man the money, then quickly realized how he never had to worry about price tags in his life, and didn’t even bother looking at them. He had absolutely no concept of saving money, because it was always there at his disposal. He was going to have to watch his funds. No matter how big of a challenge this was becoming, Daniel wasn't going to give up.



Driving into Nashville took up the rest of his gas. The pump was flowing as Daniel washed the bugs off of his windshield and headlights. He didn’t dare wash the whole truck. The dang thing would fall apart.
Fifty-seven dollars was spent in gas by the time Daniel was finished cleaning off the front of the pickup and daydreaming about his car back home. Normally he just swiped one of his credit cards and was done with it. Conserving gas and paying attention to gas prices had never even occurred to him.
Inside of a department store, he picked out a set of sheets, a pillow, blankets, a pot, pan, a dinnerware and glass set, and an elegant looking box of silverware. He didn’t read the brands and, once again, didn’t look at the price tags.
“That’ll be two hundred and fifty-four dollars,” said the older woman working the register.
“Uh…” Daniel checked his wallet. “It seems I’m a bit short. I’ll put the pot and pan back up.” He had never been so embarrassed in his life. Going to buy something and not having enough money! He was beside himself.
“That’s okay, sugar. It happens to the best of us, and folks are hurtin’ right now. I’ll put them away for you.”
“No, I’ll do it, but thank you.”
Daniel turned, and there was Katherine digging in her purse. She pulled out two twenty dollar bills. “It’s pretty hard relocating. Here take this, it’ll come in handy. You’re John Williams. I’d recognize that black eye anyplace.” She flashed her bright smile.
Oh my God! “Well, this is kind of embarrassing for me. I’ve never had this happen before. I didn’t bring enough cash and I haven’t set an account up yet.” I’m going to die…
“Here, Wanda. Take this and ring up his pot and pan.”
“Katherine, you’re such a sweet person,” said the cashier in her slow southern voice.
Daniel wanted the ground to open up and swallow him whole. He was beyond pissed, and his jaw couldn’t get much tighter. Of all people, it had to be Katherine.
“I’ll pay you back tonight.” He wanted out of that store as fast as possible. 
When Daniel got inside of his truck he made a call. He was determined to put a stop to his father's scheme. There was no way he was going to be able to survive on this amount of money.
“Oh, hello, Daniel, how are you?”
“Are you listening, Carl? This isn’t funny! I need more money. How in the heck is someone supposed to live on three hundred and fifty dollars?!”
“Get a job if you want more money. A lot of people live on less, and some have none.”
“Where am I supposed to work? Tell me that! There isn’t one business out here.”
“Just because the business isn’t in a sky rise, doesn’t mean it’s not a business.”
“You aren’t going to help me one bit are you, Carl? What are you doing? Sitting by the pool and sipping cocktails?” He spat his words with pure venom.
“It’s lemonade. But time is running out, Daniel. You need to have a job so you can meet your father’s requirements.”
Daniel hung up the phone, started the blasted truck, and made his way to the bar. He pulled over on the side of the road before reaching the parking lot. I don’t even have enough money for a beer! I can’t even come in this place until next week, especially when I owe the woman who lives here forty bucks! 
He turned his truck around and drove back to the apartment. He wondered if his father hired investigators to find the worst possible living conditions in existence. Daniel decided he’d have to find a job if he was going to live in a better place. He certainly wouldn’t mind having Katherine come by when he could afford something nicer, but for now, he was stuck. The smell and bugs would have to go.
Daniel had just emptied one entire can of air freshener, a can of bug spray, and lit six candles when he heard a knock at the door. He wasn’t in the mood for anyone. Being inside with all this nastiness put him in a foul mood instantly. He flung the door open with force. “What!”
“Well, that’s a fine welcome. May I come in?”
Daniel just stared at her as clouds of bug spray floated outside. He slid his t-shirt down from around his mouth and nose. “Katherine, I’m sorry. I didn’t expect anyone, and I don’t really have the place fixed up yet. How did you know where I lived?”
“You drive awfully fast, John. You left your pot and pan at the store. I tried to catch up to you but lost your red truck on the road. I drove around town until I spotted it. You shouldn’t drive at those high speeds, you’ll get in an accident on these dirt roads." She could tell he wasn't in the mood to be lectured. "The office said you were in apartment four.”
“Well, that was nice of them.” I think Beatrice needs her neck wrung.
“Wow, what’s that smell?” Katherine made a sour face, and waved her hand in front of her nose.
“Air freshener. The place smelled really bad when I moved in.” Daniel’s face turned bright red. He was used to women throwing themselves at him and admiring him for his wealth and fine tastes. He was a long way from that at the moment. He didn’t dare bring up the bug spray. I need to keep her on the sidewalk. There's no way in hell she'd do well with a bug infestation.
“Are you looking for work or do you already have a job?”
“No. I mean yes, I’m looking for a job.” 
“Most of the farms around here are hiring, especially this time of year.”
“Go work on a farm…”
“The pay is decent. It’s hard work but it’ll keep your nice shape. I mean keep you in nice shape. Wait! Get you in shape! Okay I should shut up.” Katherine couldn’t imagine this man in front of her being in finer shape. His jeans hugged him in all the special places God gave him.
Daniel saw where her eyes were pointed. He slowly turned around for her. “Is this side good, too?”
“Oh God! I wasn’t looking at that!” Her red cheeks told him otherwise.
“Hey, we all look. If you find something you like, go for it.” He gave her a wink.
“Pig!” Katherine hurried to her car, climbed in, and slammed her door. She quickly left.
That went well. He wasn’t used to a challenge with a woman. Daniel was finding he liked it. He definitely needed money now, at least enough to spend more time at the bar. He wasn’t done with this edible woman named Katherine. Not by a long shot. He saw that look on her face and all it did was make him want her. I’ll win the business and the woman. He laughed at his new challenge. 
His first priority was to apply for jobs as soon as possible, including open positions at farms. The work should be nothing but boring. How hard could shoveling hay be? Daniel popped a frozen dinner in the oven. The burning smell made him take the cardboard cover off the top. He was realizing one thing for certain; he definitely needed to stop daydreaming. It wasn’t about his car this time. What he was fantasizing about doing to the pretty strawberry blonde was mind blowing.



After he ate his burnt lasagna, he got to work with a second can of bug spray. Daniel sprayed so much of it, he had to leave the window open and go sit out in his pickup. He desperately had to move out of this infested cave.


Chapter 3

Daniel went down to the grocery store and looked on the bulletin board. He remembered seeing help wanted notifications and hoped there were some jobs available, or at least some jobs he was willing to do.
Clyde saw him standing in the entrance and wandered over to see if the young, strong man was looking for work.
“Williams, isn’t it?” Clyde stuck his hand out.
“Yes, John Williams.”
“You looking to get a job? I could use some help around here. “
“Sure, I wouldn’t mind helping out.” Yes, I so would. Daniel couldn't wait to hear the job details. He tried not to laugh.
“Well, I can’t pay you but minimum wage, and I don’t offer benefits. I just need someone for three days a week, and it’s pretty much basic work. Stocking shelves, running the cash register, bagging groceries, collecting the produce and eggs from local farmers, gathering carts, answering the phone, and being here at five in the morning to get the pick-ups finished. I have a nice work shirt for ya and it comes with a bow tie on it. Real nice looking, but the tie is just sewn on. Kind of closes and looks real when the shirt’s buttoned up.”
Bow tie..sewn on..looks real…
“I was looking at doing some farm work to be honest.”
“Well, head on out to Montoose Farm. It’s about eight miles north of here. Just stay on this road and mention that Clyde sent ya, it'll help you get the job.” At this, he smiled widely, rocked on his heels, and hiked his pants up. 
“Uh, okay, thank you.” God…



He found the entrance to Montoose Farm. It was a pretty good size, thought Daniel, who didn’t know anything about farms to begin with. A slightly heavyset woman, with short gray hair, stepped out of the house wearing jeans and a light blue short sleeve shirt.
“Can I help you with something?”
“Yes, is your husband here?”
“He sure is.” 
“Can I see him, please?” Daniel was trying not to get impatient again.
“Yep, you’re more than welcome to see him. Just go on back about twenty acres and you’ll find the man you're looking for. Just dig him up first or he might not hear ya.” 
“What?”
“The name is Rosie Montoose. I run this farm just fine on my own. My husband has been dead for over ten years.”
“Oh, I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to upset you and I shouldn’t have assumed that it was your husband I needed to speak with.”
“You and every man that comes here. It’s okay, I’m used to it. You got a name?”
“John Williams, it’s a pleasure to meet you.” Daniel put his hand out, and Rosie squeezed it tight enough to mimic any man’s firm shake.
“What can I do for you, Mr. Williams?”
“Please, call me John. I was looking for some work. Are you hiring?”
“I can always use a spare set of hands. I’m not getting any younger.” With her boots off, she couldn’t possibly stand taller than five foot.
“When do I start?”
“I pay well for hard work, and I offer the room in the back of the barn free of charge if you need a place to stay. I also feed my boys during the week; keeps us treating each other like family. Breakfast is at five.”
“I have an apartment,” Daniel cringed as he referred to that place as an actual residence. 
“Oh, where ya stayin’?”
“I think it’s called Rolling Waters.”
“That damn hellhole Beatrice runs?”
“I’m thinking we’re talking about the same place. I’m in apartment four.”
“Honey, you need to go get your things and come on back here. I’ll show you the place. It’s definitely better than there. Make sure you get your money back. She isn’t supposed to be renting out those rooms until she cleans them up. She’s had three warnings so far from the county.”
“Could I see it first? I trust you and all, but it’s just the way I function I guess.” Live in a barn…
“Where you from?”
“New York.”
Rosie eyed him suspiciously. “What did you do in New York?”
Daniel was dumbfounded. He didn’t even think about having to answer a question like this.
“I worked at a Lamborghini dealership. I spent too much time there over the course of a couple months. I just wanted to take life in the slow lane for a bit.” It doesn’t get slower than Prairie, Tennessee.
“Come on, John. I’ll show you where you can stay.”
Daniel wasn’t expecting what he saw. He thought maybe there’d be some loose hay for him to sleep on, with hopes of not getting stabbed by a forgotten pitchfork in the pile. What he saw lifted his mood and made him smile. 
There was a large, separate thick-walled room built onto the back of the barn. He could either enter it through the horse stables or use the outside entrance that went directly to his room. Both doors had locks. Daniel was amazed that the floors in the room were oak. The bed was queen size with a thick mattress and box spring, and a beautiful quilt with small blue flowers was spread on top, which Rosie had informed him she made. There was a window with a white curtain, a small table, television, lamp, and microwave. It smelled clean.
“Well, what do you think? You can hear the horses at night if they’re talking, but that’s why the room is here. I want to make sure my babies are safe. If something happens I know that help for them is only a few steps away. You also have a phone, it’s in the nightstand, and I can give you the number if you decide to move in. You’re welcome to use the internet inside the house if it’s working, and the shower. All I ask is that you clean up after yourself. I pay once a week, but if you’re short on cash I can pay you a little each day. I only pay in cash.” 
“I’ll take it! When can I move in and start working?” Daniel was so excited he almost began to stutter.
“You can move in today and start work tomorrow. Set your alarm for five and come on up to the house. I’ll have breakfast waiting for you and the coffee will be brewing. I keep the room clean but, like I said, I expect for you to pick up after yourself.”
“Thank you so much, Rosie.”
Daniel drove quickly to his disgusting apartment, packed his few belongings, dropped the key off to Beatrice, and asked her for a refund for the remainder of the month. He said if she didn’t give him the money he’d be happy to talk to an attorney and call the health department. Beatrice quickly handed over the three hundred and seventy-five dollars in cash.
“You charge people four hundred to live in this place?” Daniel laughed and shook his head. The next stop would be the bar. Hopefully he’d find Katherine. 



He heard her singing before he actually saw her. Katherine had a voice that made him close his eyes just so he could concentrate on the sound. Her music seemed to come from a place he had no idea existed. There was very little in this life that Daniel could tolerate for long durations, but he could easily sit and listen to her sing forever.
“John, I didn’t know anyone was in here!”  Katherine had been bugging her uncle to put a bell on the door.
He noticed how cute she was when her face was flushed. “You can keep singing if you’d like. Your voice is absolutely beautiful. You sing like an angel, Katherine.”
“Yeah right,” she said as she blushed even further. “We have some karaoke on Saturday nights. I sing sometimes.”
“Remind me to stop by.” Daniel gave her a warm smile. He couldn’t take his eyes off of hers.
“Can I get you anything, John?”
“Nah, I just stopped by to give this to you.” He reached in his pocket and pulled out forty dollars and handed it to her. “I wanted to thank you for being so kind and apologize for the way I acted at the apartment. I moved so I don’t have to worry about that place anymore.”
“You moved away?” Katherine asked suddenly. She didn’t mean to sound so panicked.  
“Just up to Montoose Farm. Rosie offered me the room there and I got a job working for her. Anything is better than where I was. As a matter of fact, you’ll have to come by sometime. It’s a pretty nice little place.” It’s an eighth of the size of my bathroom in New York, thought Daniel as he laughed to himself.
“I’m the one who needs to apologize. I shouldn’t have called you a pig.”
“No harm done. I’m going to head on up there and get my room ready. I didn’t get much sleep last night.” He had horrible visions of the bugs crawling all over him when he shut his eyes. He spent most of the night sitting in his truck.
“Good luck, and I hope to see you around." Katherine stood there staring at him. Her gorgeous green eyes were creating quite a stir in Daniel. She took a step toward him and stopped. She'd meant to walk around the cute stranger. Daniel let his hands move around her waist and pull her into him. She made a small sound, then quickly backed up. He could see her breathing faster.
“I’m sorry, I need to check the bathrooms and they’re right behind you.”
“Oh, forgive me. I’ll see you soon I hope. Take care of yourself.” Daniel winked and turned around to go through the door. He was forcing himself to leave before he pulled out all stops and seduced her. 
“Wait!” Katherine grabbed a napkin from the bar and wrote her number on it. “You don’t know anyone around here yet, so in case you need something you can give me a call.” Her cheeks blushed one more time for him as he took the number, smiled, and walked backwards to the door. Their eyes were still locked.
Daniel was still smiling when his cell phone rang. The caller made his smile leave.
“Hey, sexy,” came the screech from the other end.
“Marissa…” Daniel had totally forgotten about this woman and their date he blew off.
“You should come over here and heat up my bed for me. I’m wearing that little outfit you love.” Marissa made a small, fake laughing sound.
“Look, I’m not in town, and I don’t know when I’ll be back.” He'd always worked hard to tolerate her voice, but now it was like nails on a chalkboard. 
“Oh darn.” Marissa made a heavy sigh. “I was hoping you could take me on a nice weekend getaway on your jet.” She absolutely loved to be seen with this man. His gifts were the best! And his car…
Daniel was getting more turned off by the second. She was getting way too needy and attached. To my money. What did he ever see in her? Hadn’t he ever realized what an airhead she was? Daniel knew there were plenty of Marissas he could call as soon as he got back to New York.
“I have to go. Don’t call me anymore, okay? I have back to back appointments.”
“Don’t you miss me, baby?”
“Well--You know what? No, I don’t miss you. There are more rich guys out there, so go find a different one.” Daniel hung up the phone. He didn’t even feel bad about it. He would love to have all the money right now that he’d wasted on Marissa and the countless other women he'd wined and dined. He could certainly use it. Women like her were just chasing riches and using anyone they could get their claws into. Hot women in New York were a dime a dozen.
The phone rang again. “Marissa, I was serious. I don’t want to talk to you anymore. I made a bad business decision and lost all my money. I’m totally broke.”
“Oh. Well you’re right. We probably wouldn’t work out…” She quickly ended the conversation.
Daniel looked at himself in the mirror when he climbed up in his pickup. I can’t believe I was letting that woman use me for that long. Normally he broke it off after a couple of dates, but Marissa was safe. Daniel looked at his own face. You were using her too. You used every single woman you ever had contact with. You’ve been using people your entire life…He proceeded to stare at his face for way too long. He shook the thoughts from his head and drove toward the farm.


∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



Rosie met him outside and handed him the key and a slip of paper that had his new phone number on it. He smiled as he slipped it in his pocket. His fingers brushed the napkin from the bar that Katherine had written her phone number on.
“I put an extra blanket in there and made you a bite to eat in case you’re hungry. The phone number up to the house is the same, except the last number is a one. It was easier for me to remember that way.”
“Thank you so much. I can already tell I’m going to have the best night’s sleep since I got here.”
After chatting for a few more minutes, Rosie smiled and said goodnight.
Daniel walked in through the back door because he didn’t want to disturb the horses. He was afraid of them, having never been around the huge animals up close before. He smiled as he put the key in the lock, knowing how clean and welcoming his new place would be.
The room was so beautiful. He smelled the apple pie as soon as he opened the door. Rosie had made a plate of ham, potato salad, beans, cornbread, and a nice salad. She even included half of an apple pie that was still warm. The entire meal was at the perfect temperature because of the meticulous way she wrapped it. Daniel didn’t realize how starving he was. He ate all of it except for one slice of pie. 
Time for the real test, he thought. Daniel stripped down to his black boxers and climbed under the sheets. The bedding was so soft and comfortable against his skin, and the scent was fresh, sweet, and clean. His eyes were getting ready to close due to his pleasant, new surroundings. The stress in his life seemed to fade some, and it was the first time he'd realized how tight and tense his muscles had been. He set the alarm on his phone for four forty-five, then fell fast to sleep. For some reason he dreamed of his mother’s face, which he had only seen in pictures. Her voice sounded just like Rosie’s.


∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



When his alarm went off he cursed. It took him a minute to figure out why it was set in the first place, but then he sprang out of bed with a slight smile. He got dressed in a green flannel shirt and jeans, put his work boots on, then gathered his dishes and headed up to the house. The light was shining on the porch.
He knocked on the door softly and twisted the handle.
“Come on in, John. You don’t have to knock. You don’t have a bathroom down there so you’ll have to come up to the house. I should really build one. Have a seat.” Rosie greeted him with a smile. 
Daniel’s mouth was watering. The smell of scrambled eggs, bacon, biscuits, and gravy filled the air. He didn't want to act like a pig in front of this woman, but the smells of the feast and hot brewed coffee were turning him into a man without manners. Rosie set the plates of food on the table and poured two hot cups of coffee.
“Rosie, this is delicious. I thought last night’s dinner was heaven, but you’ve outdone yourself this morning,” he said with his mouth full, forgetting he was in the company of this nice woman.
“I’m glad you like it. I love to cook. If you’re ever down there and get hungry, come on up and help yourself to the food. I just ask that you clean your mess up before you leave.” She smiled and sipped her coffee. “Did the heater keep you warm enough?” It wasn’t yet April and was still pretty chilly at night.
“To be honest, I fell asleep the second I put my head on the pillow. I really like the room, Rosie. Thank you.”
Daniel hadn’t eaten that much food in his life. It was also the first time that biscuits and gravy had ever reached his lips. If he lived here permanently, he’d be the size of a house. When the older woman smiled at him it was contagious. Her cheeks were full and pink, and her eyes were filled with warmth and goodness. He couldn't stop grinning. As he was eating his breakfast he looked up at the clock. He could have sworn she referred to more than one worker when he asked her about the job.
“Isn’t anyone else showing up?”
“I’m kind of short on guys right now. There’s just me and Sam. But now you’re here so that’ll be a big help!”
“Does Sam live here?”
“No, but he’ll be up around six. You’ll meet him soon enough, just remember his bark is worse than his bite. He’s a nice man once you get to know him.”
“I’m ready to get started as soon as I’m finished. That shouldn’t take too long because this food is amazing.” Daniel didn’t know what he’d been missing. My father’s chef could learn a few things from this woman, that’s for damn sure.
“I would like for you to brush down my horses if you don’t mind. Sadly, I only have two. I had four but had to put two of them down over the past three years because of old age. They were suffering and were my babies, so I wasn’t about to let that continue. The vet said it was the best thing I could have done. She put them to sleep and they didn’t feel a thing.”
“Um..okay. I’m sorry about your other horses, but…” Daniel got a very nervous look on his face, and he could feel his heart begin to beat faster.
“John, have you ever worked with horses?”
“I won’t lie to you. I’ll do anything that can be taught to me, but I’m kind of fearful of them.”
She smiled, reached over, and patted him on the shoulder. “Not all the work around here has to involve working with the animals. But I think you should spend time around the horses. They’re great, loyal, and I think they just have a way of making everything better.”
“Well, as long as you don’t laugh at me too hard, I’m ready when you are.” This isn't going to go well, thought Daniel, but if this small woman trusted them, then he could at least give it a try.


Rosie opened up the barn door. “Good morning, girls!” She was quickly answered with nickers and neighs. She went into each stall and spent time visiting each horse.
Daniel was amazed at how much love was evident between this small woman and these huge animals.
“Won’t they hurt you in there?”
“No, my girls are sweet things,” said Rosie as she led each horse out to feed buckets and tethered them to the gate. “I don’t like the horses running around in the pasture with their halters on, so just make sure you take them off.”
“They’re…big,” he said as he slowly backed up. 
“First things first. You need to get rid of that fear. They can sense it in you. Go in that cabinet and bring a couple of brushes out.”
Daniel nodded and retrieved the brushes.
“I’ll brush one of them. This is Patches, and that one is Daisy. Come here so we can get you introduced.” 
“Introduced…”
“John, there's no way I'll let you near my horses without seeing firsthand how you interact with them.” 
Daniel walked slowly up to the horse that was nearest to Rosie.
“Hold your hand out.”
He did as he was told, and she placed a quarter of an apple in his hand.
“Okay, keep your hand flat and feed it to her.” She saw his jaw clenching.
“Sweetie, I’ve had my girls for almost twenty years and they’ve never bitten anyone. Don’t be afraid. As long as you’re loving and gentle toward them, you won’t be harmed. But any animal that feels they’re in danger has the ability to protect itself.”
Daisy, the big white quarter horse, stretched her neck, smelled Daniel’s hand, and gently took the apple from his flat palm. John tried not to act like a little kid at a zoo. 
“Well, I think she likes you. Here’s one for Patches.”
Daniel took the apple and fed it to the big chestnut beauty. Slowly he lifted his other hand and began to pet her.
“See? There's nothing to be afraid of. Just remember not to startle the horses and don’t stand or walk too close behind them. That way you won’t get kicked. I can go behind them but they trust me. They don’t quite know you yet.” Rosie walked over to the side of the barn and opened up the large sliding door. "Let's get the girls brushed now. Just watch what I do and repeat it. They love getting groomed and it’s a great way for them to get to know you.”
It was an hour or so before Rosie and Daniel let the horses out of the barn. Daniel squinted up at the sun as he took a deep breath. He didn’t he had ever smelled such clean air. 
“Oh there’s Sam! Come and meet him, he’s your other boss while you’re working here.” She walked down to the fence and Daniel followed.
“Howdy, you must be, John. I’m Sam, and it’s my pleasure.” He offered a rough, tanned, and calloused hand. His weathered face, framed by gray hair, revealed too much sun exposure and decades of hard work.
“Nice to meet you, Sam. I’m ready to work," said Daniel as he smiled widely. He watched Sam's face become hostile looking the second he said he was ready to work. Why would he instantly change like that?
“Great!” he sarcastically replied with a mean look on his face. “Go in the barn and shovel out the horse stalls. Put the manure over there in that pile. We’ll be using it in the garden. Put fresh straw down, then start cleaning out that field.” Sam walked off.
Rosie saw the shocked expression on his face. “His bark is worse than his bite. Don’t forget that, John. He’d give someone the shirt off his back if they needed it. He’s just gotten more crotchety in his old age. I’m going up a ways to do some clearing. I’ll see you in a bit.” She turned and walked toward a shed, which contained the supplies she’d need.
So, shovel horse shit. Nice. Daniel’s cell phone rang.
“How is it going, Daniel?”
“You always know when to call me.”
“Are you still in Prairie? I stopped by your apartment and the office informed me that you no longer reside there.”
“Yes, Carl, I’m in Prairie. But I moved out of that disease-ridden dump my father had me in.”
“Where are you staying, Daniel?”
“On a farm. I’m working here as kind of a ranch hand.”
“Oh my…” Carl busted out laughing. “Excuse me, I do apologize.” He laughed even harder.
“What’s so funny?”
“Just thoughts of you out running in the pasture, stepping in horse and cow manure. Thankfully you have work boots.” He laughed until he was coughing.
“Actually, I haven’t stepped in it yet, but I have to let you go because I need to shovel horse shit out of the stalls. Go tell my father that, so you can both get a good laugh.” Daniel hung up the phone.
He found the wheelbarrow and a shovel easily enough. Walking into the stall, Daniel didn’t have to look down to know what he stepped in. He heard the squish.


Chapter 4



Daniel finally climbed in the hot shower before heading to the table for another delicious meal that Rosie would serve. His entire body ached. Not just soreness like he experienced after a hard workout at the gym. His body felt absolutely broken, and Daniel was convinced that it was. But tomorrow was Sunday and Rosie had told him he could have that day off. He was looking forward to going up to the bar. He'd been thinking about Katherine almost constantly.
Rosie looked at his soiled boots and told him he’d have to leave them on the porch. She found a pair of her husband’s tan cowboy boots, and Daniel tried them on. He wouldn’t be caught dead in them around anyone he knew, but they were good enough for this town. Better than smelling like horse shit.
He slid behind the wheel of the old pickup truck and headed into town. He was hoping he’d find Katherine. His eyes lit up when he saw the sign posted out front that advertised karaoke from eight until midnight. Please let her sing. Daniel checked his watch and was grateful he'd made it just in time, with fifteen minutes to spare. He walked into the crowded bar. Once again the music was blaring, but he quickly noticed the table in the back corner was empty. He had to sit down slowly; every muscle in his body protested each movement he made. 
Katherine was at the bar putting drinks on a tray. Her hair was loose, and her curls flowed down the back of her little black dress. Daniel couldn’t stop himself from watching her move. Her hips swung slightly to the beat of the music, and he found himself wanting to sneak up behind her. Her long, slender legs moved so gracefully, and he hungered to know what they would feel like wrapped around him. He tried to make his mind think of other things, but it wasn't working. Daniel was turning to putty.
Katherine got a glimpse of John out of the corner of her eye. She walked to his table and pulled out her order pad and a pen from her apron.
“Nice to see you again, John. Can I get you something to drink?” Her palms were beginning to sweat.
“I’d love a cold beer, and I’ll let you pick.”
“Okay, I hope I don’t disappoint you,” she laughed.
“I doubt that you ever could.” Daniel thought he whispered this but apparently it wasn’t quiet enough.
Katherine turned around and stared at him, then headed back to the bar. She spilled the first beer. Her hands were shaking, and the gorgeous man staring at her wasn’t helping at all. Finally she got the cold mug on the tray and carried it over.
“Here you go. Do you want to start a tab?”
“That sounds good. Can you sit for a bit or do you need to get back to work?”
“Actually I’m working until midnight. I’m just here to do the karaoke and help out a little. My uncle is closing up.”
“Are you singing?”
“Well, I wish I wasn’t, because now that I know you’re here I’ll be nervous.” Katherine laughed, but she couldn’t have been more serious.
“Well, I won’t keep you.”
She gave his order to the bartender, then walked over to the end of the dance floor and picked up the microphone. After a few words about the specials she flipped on the music. The guys in the crowd went crazy. Daniel glared at each man, wondering if she was seeing one of them. His jealousy didn’t last too long, though. When the beautiful music left Katherine’s sweet mouth, he felt the goose bumps form on his arms. Wow, how does a voice like that—His thoughts were cut off when Katherine turned her body to face him. She was singing the most beautiful love song he’d ever heard with so much warmth and passion on her face and in her eyes. He didn’t even realize he’d been holding his breath until she turned to face the front again.
The crowd persuaded Katherine to sing four more songs. Each time she filled the room with her angelic voice, she had their attention. 
At midnight, she thanked all the customers and said goodnight. She went behind the bar and grabbed her purse and keys and headed for the door. Daniel ran to the bar and threw a twenty dollar bill at the bartender, then went out after her as fast as he could.
“Katherine!” Daniel yelled as he spotted her walking down the path that led to the back of the bar.
“Hey, John.” 
“You seem exhausted,” he said as he looked down at what he thought was a tired face, but he wasn't ready to let the evening end.
She looked at the ground. The last thing she wanted was to get involved with someone who would probably leave town as quickly as he showed up. If she could leave, she’d do the same thing. There was no hope for her to reach her dreams, go back to college, and start a life she could be proud of in this forgotten town.
“Yeah, I guess I’m pretty tired.” The sad, sinking feeling was overtaking her. Katherine wanted to have a normal life, but she knew better than to try it again. Trusting men was out of the question, especially a good looking one she met in the bar. She didn't want to be single all her life, and knew she wanted a husband and family in her future, but this guy was someone she’d have to worry about. She needed to stop listening to her body and her desires. She had a bad habit of attaching to men, quickly, which ruined everything.
“Well, I was kind of hoping to go for a nice drive with you and show you my room out at the farm. It’s so beautiful and peaceful. Maybe we could just go for a quiet walk.” He really wanted her to know she wouldn't be offended like the last place she'd seen of his.
“John, I don’t think this is a good idea.” He wants to get me to his bed, then dump me. Another notch for his bedpost. 
“Why not?” He wasn't used to a woman turning him down. His irritation and shock was evident.
“Don’t get me wrong, you seem like a nice guy, but I have plans. I'm not the type of woman who's interested in a quick fling. I want out of this town. I want to go back to college and get a career that can give me a start to a better life.” Like my own place and a damn car that runs more than once a week. “I want to have nice things. There's nothing in Prairie that can give that to me.”
“So in other words, I don’t make enough money for you. Are you ashamed because I’m just a ranch hand? Or maybe I don’t dress good enough for you? Or perhaps I don’t live in a mansion and my clothes don’t come from a world famous designer? Maybe I don’t have enough money to pay for your college! Is that it?” Daniel was seeing red. She had no idea who the hell he was. Obviously, who I am as a person doesn’t mean a thing. I wouldn’t have thought this woman was so materialistic.
“I was hoping you wouldn’t take offense to what I said.”
“What you’re saying is that I’m not good enough for you.” Daniel was breathing hard.
“No, that isn’t it at all. I just don’t want to be stuck here for the rest of my life. There’s definitely a reason you came to Prairie, and I doubt you dislike it as much as I do. I spent many years in this town, until I finally got to leave and go make something of myself back in Michigan where I grew up. Then, out of the blue, I had to come back. Do you know what it feels like to be suddenly out of place without your say-so?” Of course you don’t. You have no wife, no responsibility, and…His eyes were looking down into hers. He had moved closer and she didn’t even notice; it just seemed to have happened. She gasped when he bent down and whispered in her ear.
“Katherine…I’m not the guy you think I am. I won’t even take you near my room. We can go for a walk. If I get out of bounds you won’t ever see me again. Just think about it…”
Her eyes closed while he spoke to her. Her body felt the ripples of something she’d never experienced so quickly. How could she say no? It was just a walk, and she didn’t have to do anything she didn’t want to. 
“Okay, I’ll come with you. Just the walk part though. I don’t think I’m comfortable going to your room.” She refused to go through another hopeful situation with a guy that ended with lies, a one night stand, and never being called again. That’s what she got for succumbing to her desires. No passion, no love, nothing that was important to her.
Daniel smiled so wide. He took her by the hand and led her to his old pickup. He was getting used to the rickety beast. He opened the rusty door and she climbed in.
“I meant what I said about your voice.”
“Thanks, but I really don’t believe it’s anything special. I can keep a tune but so can many others.” Katherine’s cheeks flushed, making her grateful for the darkness.
“No, that was only part of it. You sing like something I’ve never heard before.”
“I’m sure you sing pretty good yourself.”
“You so don’t want to hear me sing.”
“I will get you to sing.” She allowed herself to laugh.
Daniel could feel her relaxing. He would normally have pursued and pushed the issue of bringing her to his room, using every trick in his seduction book to lure her to his bed. He was good at it and had done it all his adult life. Most women required very little encouragement. But Katherine, on the other hand, wasn’t someone to be persuaded so easily. Any attempts using his normal tactics would make her run. That’s the last thing he wanted. He'd have to be more creative.
The stars were so bright across the sky, and there was a fresh, gentle breeze. Daniel parked his pickup, walked around to her door, and opened it. She let him take her by the hand to support her as she climbed down from the seat. Her hair blew away from her face, and when she had both feet on the ground she looked up at him. He smelled of clean and goodness, and if there was one thing that could weaken her, it was a man who smelled good. She went to pull her hand away. She was fearful of the feelings that enveloped her when he was close. It'd been almost a year since she'd let a man break down her defensive wall. She quickly tried to pull her hand away, but Daniel didn't let go.
“Come with me and let’s walk,” he whispered. His lips were close to her face. He placed a gentle kiss on her cheek and looked back into her eyes. “Did I tell you how beautiful you look this evening?”
“No, I don’t believe you did. Does that mean I look ugly the rest of the time?” Katherine let out a soft laugh to try and tame the atmosphere that was lingering between them.
“Ever since the first time I met you I was taken aback by your beauty. You are, indeed, a very gorgeous woman.” He was used to women who went to great lengths to be beautiful. Katherine was only wearing a hint of makeup and her face was perfect.
“Thank you, John. You’re not so bad yourself.” Katherine knew she'd never seen a more breathtaking man in her life, but the last thing she wanted to do was reveal just how attracted to him she was.
Walking hand in hand, Daniel guided her around a natural spring, then through a field to a meadow that had wild flowers growing. The moon was bright and made her look angelic.
He could sense her nervousness, so he stopped in the middle of the meadow, and with both of his hands he held hers and pulled her towards him. Their bodies were barely touching.
Say something cleaver. “I don’t want you to be afraid of me. I won't hurt you.” Sappy, but she'll buy it.
“I’ve heard that too many times. Every time a guy breaks my heart, I close up. I don’t want to risk letting anyone in. I just want to move on with my life and try my best to leave this town, leave my past, and be happy.”
“But you can’t see yourself being happy with me?” …in bed…
“I don’t even know you. You showed up in town and I felt some things. I don’t believe in love at first sight and all that other crap. Been there, done that. Hopes of living a fairytale left me years ago. There is no prince, there isn’t a white horse, there isn’t a castle or happily ever after. Not for me anyway.” She couldn't stop the memories of Gary from flooding her mind. He'd waltzed into the bar on his way through town. He lived in Ohio, born and raised there. The guy was definitely good looking and he easily swept her off her feet. He stayed in town for two months and lived with her in the small apartment above the bar. After she'd given all of herself to him, he'd left her a note one morning about having to leave, with promises to come back for her. She never heard from him again. Being this close to John, was triggering painful memories in her past of being used and discarded.
“I like you a lot, Katherine, and I think about you.” This is going to be more difficult than I thought.
She instantly became defensive. It was a line she'd heard too many times. “Like me how? I’ve seen you look at me. That’s what most guys want. Nothing like a nice roll in the sack. I’m not like that. Do you know what it feels like to be promised things, then give yourself to someone just for them to never call you again? I’m done being stupid.”
“I’m not going to lie to you. I've definitely fantasized about being with you. But it’s more than that.”
“Okay look me in the eyes and answer me something. Have you ever used a woman for sex?”
Uh oh, he thought. The first sign of commitment always made him run, and he was an expert at detecting it. He’s never had feelings for any woman other than for sex. If they were really good in bed he called them back. He never led the women he slept with into believing he’d settle down with them, or that they meant anything to him. But he was used too. He was used for his money, his power, his looks even. I don’t want that with her. His thoughts were surprising him. “Yes. Yes, I've used women for sex. That was in my past, and I have no desire to be like that anymore. It's a horrible way to live.”
“Have you ever been married?”
“Katherine, I’ve never been married, engaged, or had a long-term relationship with a woman. I’ve never found anyone I wanted that from. Plus, I was very immature. I want to be a better man. I haven't totally figured out how to do that, but I'm trying.” All this hard work better pay off. I wish she'd cut me some slack.
“At least you admit it.” Katherine looked down at the ground, and a tear slid down her cheek. She knew he’d be no different. Guys could be so damn convincing. 
Daniel placed his hand softly under her chin and raised her face to him. He wiped away her tear with the other hand. “Wait right here.” 
He ran into the darkness and came back with a small bouquet of wild flowers. He smiled and handed them to her. He'd never in his life handpicked flowers, nor bothered to pick them out at a florist. A simple phone call and delivery boy did just fine. There, l that should do it.
She took the flowers and looked at him. “Thank you for picking these for me, but I just think this is wrong. My body is telling me one thing being this close to you, but my mind is yelling at me to run. I’ve never listened to logic and reason. That’s why I’ve been hurt every single time.” 
“Come here.” Daniel wrapped his arms around her and pulled her into his chest. “Does this scare you?” 
“No…” She knew she should just back the hell up, but his smell, his warmth, and strength were causing her to move in closer.
“Look at me.”
She looked up at his beautiful, perfect face. 
“May I kiss you? I’m having a hard time being this close and not kissing you.”
“Seriously, John, I don't think it’s a good idea," she repeated as she slowly backed away.
He stepped forward, closing the gap between them, and ran his fingers up through the back of her hair, pulling her mouth slowly to his. Not one movement was rushed.
Katherine opened her lips and let the soft, gentle kiss happen. One kiss and that's it. Her legs became unsteady, causing Daniel to hold her even closer. She couldn’t ever remember being kissed so passionately, so deliberately, so sweetly. She abruptly stopped. This guy is too amazing to be single. He must have wreckage where he used to live. He’s probably married and looking for something on the side. Any cute girl who crossed his path would end up in his bed. Katherine quickly backed away.
“John, I should go.”
“I would love to see you again.”
“I don’t know. I’ll call you but I don’t think I’m ready to see anyone. Let’s just be friends, okay?”
Daniel’s jaw tightened. The ‘friends’ file. Me?
Katherine started walking back to the truck and stayed about three feet in front of him. 
“Wait.” Daniel never begged for anything in his life, but he wasn’t beyond begging this woman. She was so irresistible.
“I just want to go home, I’m tired.” Katherine was crying softly. She really wanted to give this man a chance, but knew she didn't have it in her to go through what Gary had done, again.
“You’re not leaving because you’re tired. You’re running.” Daniel could easily see his own behavior in Katherine. He was good at running, especially from women who wanted more than just sex. If he let this one run, he'd never get her into his bed.
“Let it rest and just take me back home.” She wasn't about to give into his good looks, charm, and her weaknesses.
“Stop!” Daniel took a couple of large steps and put his hand on her arm and gently pulled.
“What do you want from me? A quick lay?!” She couldn’t stop him from seeing her tears. The moonlight was on her face.
“You aren’t leaving like this. Come here. Even friends hold each other from time to time. I’m not perfect, Katherine, but I was serious about being a better man. Maybe I haven’t settled down because I never found anyone I wanted to spend my life with.” He pulled her into his chest. In all honesty, he couldn't understand why any man tied himself down to just one woman…especially one that was such high maintenance.  
She buried her face and let the sobs out. What was she supposed to do? Never try at love again? She knew if she gave him a chance, he'd get to know her, get everything he wanted, and then up and leave. Katherine slowly sank down to the grass. She'd never talked about this with anyone, especially not a man she just met.
Daniel kept his word, sat on the grass in front of her, and just held her. At least she's in my arms. This act, he was sure, would win him some brownie points. 
“I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to unleash all of that on you. I think I should head home and go to bed.” In all her shame, she stood on her feet. "I don't know what came over me." When Gary left, she held it all inside, refusing to listen to her uncle's comments, and put on fake smiles for everyone. Even at night, she refused to shed a tear.
“I’ll take you home, but not until I know you’re okay.” Daniel knew if he gave her what she wanted, maybe he'd give him what he wanted. If she asked him to stay the night, he certainly wouldn't refuse. Hell, he'd even be willing to stay the entire night. 

“Why do you care?” What a bunch of crap. I need to leave before I start believing him. Dang, this guy could sell swamp land.
“I’m not who or what you think I am. Come with me, and I’ll prove it to you.” He wasn't used to a challenge. He wouldn't have ever spent this much time or gone through this much effort to try to make a woman feel better. In the end he was sure she'd give in. Hopefully he could keep himself under control in the meantime. Looking down at her small, tight body made him doubt his restraint.
He held Katherine’s hand and walked the five minutes in silence toward the barn. When he reached the outside door, he opened it and turned on the light.
“Wow, I wouldn’t have expected it to look like this. It’s so pretty.” She knew he could see her red, blotched face, so she stared back down to the ground.
“I have a surprise to show you.” He'd had to come up with something quickly. The only hope he had was to change her mood. It's pretty hard to make moves on a woman who's bawling her eyes out.
He shut and locked the outside door to his room, without thinking of what it would do to her. She was beside herself with instant fear. He quickly opened the door that led to the stables, then found the light and flipped it on. Daniel wasn’t happy with himself for being so thoughtless. He certainly never wanted to frighten her. That wasn't his style. She sighed with relief.
“This one is Patches, and this is Daisy. They’re such sweethearts. I was afraid of horses, but Rosie helped me out with that. You can pet them.” He approached Daisy and softly patted the side of her neck. Then the big white horse raised her head, and he rubbed her soft nose.
“Come and pet her, Katherine. There are white horses. I might not be a prince or a magical knight, but I’m not going to hurt you.” …So close to my bed!
She approached the horse, and after several minutes with both of them, she found herself smiling and laughing.
“Are you feeling better, Katherine?” Laughter is good. Maybe there's still some hope. The last thing he wanted to do was talk about issues all night. She's definitely a big challenge.
“Yes, thank you for…well, I obviously had a lot to get out of my system. Those are things I’ve never told anyone before.” Why the heck did you say all that? He probably thinks you're some kind of nut job. Good, now he'll stop trying to get me in bed.
“Thank you for trusting me as much as you have. Let me lock up and walk you back to the truck. Hopefully, you’ll sleep like a lamb.” Daniel bent down to softly kiss her cheek, but she turned her head away. He tried to hold her hand again but she kept them clasped in front of her. After locking up the barn, they made their way to the pickup. He was grateful she didn't see him roll his eyes. 
Katherine climbed in, and when Daniel started the truck, she turned on the radio. Without even thinking, she began to sing. He smiled in the darkness of the cab. He wasn't used to being denied, and was surprised at himself for not trying to lure her into more than a kiss. He knew that everything about this woman was different.



The lights were off in the small town, and the bar area was dark. Daniel got out of the truck and opened her door.
“Thank you for a nice evening, John. I’m glad I went with you.”
“I’m glad you did too.  I know you'd probably like me to leave, but you aren’t going up to that apartment by yourself. It’s dark, and I need to know you’re safe.” He slowly walked her up the unlit steps, took the keys from her hand, and opened the door. After turning on the lights, he let her walk in behind him. 
All she could do was smile. “Goodnight, John.”
“Sleep tight and I hope I can see you again.”
Daniel saw she wasn’t going to respond, so he smiled and turned to walk back down the steps. When he reached the gravel, he heard her.
“I’d like that,” she said and hurried to shut the door.



Chapter 5


He tossed and turned all night long, unable to erase Katherine from his mind. Rather than thinking about creative ways to get her to sleep with him, he found himself wanting to take her pain away. Daniel realized he had two people to prove something to; his father and Katherine. Not only did he have to make it on his own without his father's name helping to pull him along, he had to prove to himself that he had more to offer besides money and expensive things. Could he even get a girl to like him without all that? Am I good enough without being Daniel Giordano? Perhaps there was some truth in what his father said. 



 Working the soil all day gave him the monotonous motions to allow his mind to wander where it wanted to. His body, once again, was killing him. 
He decided to help around the farm on Sunday instead of taking the day off, and Rosie was very grateful for his help. She was getting too old to work like she used to. It bothered Daniel to see her working as hard as she did. She shouldn’t have to work like this. 
After a nice long, hot shower, he climbed in his truck to head to town. He sat in the bar and waited. No Katherine. He got the attention of another waitress and beckoned her to his table.
“Good evening, hot stuff. What can I get for ya?” she asked as she leaned over to show more cleavage. 
“Is Katherine working today?”
“Nope, she’s off until tomorrow night, but she’s supposed to come in and cover for me for a few while I run up to the store real quick. Saw her leave earlier, but I’m not sure where she went. My name is Emily and I’d be happy to help you.” She winked and smiled at the handsome man.
“Thanks anyway, but I’m just going to head on out.” He couldn’t wait to get out of there. Short shorts, a skimpy top, and willingness...but she wasn't Katherine.
His phone rang as he left the bar. The music was still pretty loud out front when he answered it.
“What do you want, Carl?” He was sick and tired of having a babysitter.
“I’m just checking on you, Daniel. Did you quit your job? Is that loud country music I hear?”
“No, I didn’t quit my job.” 
“Really? We were wondering how long you would last. I figured you would quit after two hours and your father bet—“Carl stopped speaking and cleared his throat.
“I don’t really care how funny you and my father think this is. What you can tell him is that I’m not minding this little town at all.”
“Very well. I’ll call you in a day or two to check in.”
Daniel abruptly hung up the phone. He was done talking to Carl; done with the games. He had only one person on his mind and she wasn’t around. He was shocked at how worried he was about Katherine. He couldn't figure out why he even cared, but knowing how much she'd been hurt in her past really angered him, just like it did when he had to leave her feeling so sad last night.
Rounding the corner on the edge of town, he spotted her, and his stomach hit the ground. Katherine was standing there, in all her glory, embraced in another man’s arms. She kissed his cheek, then climbed into the passenger side of a Corvette. Are you kidding me?? Daniel wasted no time in flying right up beside the black sports car.
“Hello, Katherine. I’m so glad you’re feeling better,” Daniel said through his clenched teeth.
“Who is this?” asked the tall, blond-haired driver of the Corvette.
“You like rich guys with nice sports cars? Is that it?” Daniel was so ticked off. “So, it’s money that rings your bell?” What the hell?
“Look, back off before I help you out.” Blond Guy said threateningly. 
But Daniel didn’t stop. “You were so worried about me using you, and here you are using him. What you didn’t want to do was come right out and tell me that I’m not the free ticket you wanted. Isn’t that it?” He felt a rage building. He wanted Blond Guy to know he couldn't compete with a Giordano.
Katherine sat there, embarrassed, pissed off, and hurt. “Get out of here, John.” My God, he's one of those jealous creeps? There was no way she'd get tangled up with someone with a temper problem, or with someone who was threatened so easily.
“You heard the lady, leave.” 
“You women are all alike, did you know that? You're not who I thought you were.” Daniel had to stop himself from completely losing his temper. She seemed so down to earth, and didn't give one hint that she was attracted to material things. He was trying hard to ignore the jerk with Katherine.
Blond Guy gave Daniel a dirty look and revved the engine of his Corvette.
“I’m going to go, Katherine, and you’re right, I guess this never was a good idea.” Looking Blond Guy in the eyes, he couldn't help himself. “Your car’s a piece of shit.” He didn’t dare say anything else for fear of exposing his identity, not to mention stepping out of his truck and kicking this guy's ass. He needed keep his guard up. Trying to conquer a challenge was clearly not worth it. If she wanted this pathetic guy in her life, she could have him. He tried to let his anger fill him, but sadness was unexpectedly creeping in.
Daniel drove back in the direction of the farm. His heart felt broken, and his head, confused. His mood was very foul. Wait a minute. She has to go back and cover for that Emily woman. He wasn't happy with his thoughts or the obvious jealous rage that was flaring. He found out one thing; when it came to Katherine he couldn't simply walk away.
He raced his truck back to the bar. Inside he found Emily taking off her apron. He approached her without hesitation. “So, I was kind of hoping you’d share a dance with me before you left, sweetheart.” Daniel gave her a sexy smile, knowing how easy it would be to manipulate her.
“Oh my, you’re just what the doctor ordered!” 
Daniel watched her saunter over to the jukebox and select a nice, slow love song. She wasted no time walking into his arms. She'd be no challenge at all. He turned her slowly so he could face the door. When he saw it open he pulled Emily close to his body, whispered how sexy she looked, then buried his face in her neck. Her perfume was strong and suffocating.
Katherine stopped dead in her tracks when she walked through the door. He really is a pig! She tried to hide her hurt and anger and proceeded to the bar like it didn’t even phase her. She was heartbroken. Emily will definitely put out. What a bastard! She watched as the couple flirted and moved slowly on the dance floor. She was trying not to let the scene affect her as deeply as it was. Part of her felt he was paying her back for not giving him what he wanted. What a jackass.
He knew he was getting to Katherine. For a little added visual, he slid his hand down from Emily's lower back and squeezed her behind some. There were no feelings involved in his passes. In incentive was pure spite. All he wanted was to send a message to Katherine.
He knew his hand movements were surprising Emily, but she didn't complain. She simply returned the sexy touch.
“Okay, you’re back on and I’m out of here. Have a nice evening, Emily…"Katherine yelled loudly over the music. What she wanted to do, was stand there and cuss him out. That, she knew, would humor him. If he thought she'd play this game, he was crazy. She knew Emily would hook up with just about anyone, but knew she wasn't the instigator. And he takes advantage of people!
He watched as Katherine snatched up her purse and keys and stormed out. He wanted to run after her, but no way was he going to bend. His mission had been successful. “Well, I have to get some shuteye, Emily. Thanks for the dance.”
“Anytime, sexy thang. I'll always have a dance for you, or anything else you might be interested in.” Emily smiled, blushed, and winked at Daniel.
He was getting more turned off by the second. Emily’s bleached-out hair, heavy makeup, and raunchy perfume was getting to him. He couldn’t wait to get away from this woman. All he wanted to do was confront Katherine. He had accomplished making her feel upset, probably jealous, but he wasn’t feeling good about it at all now. The hurt in her eyes wasn't completely masked by her anger. He drove around for a while, trying to calm down and get the visual of Katherine, in someone else’s embrace, out of his head. It didn't work.



Pulling into the driveway, he spotted Rosie walking over to him.
“John, could you come in and change a bulb for me? It’s too dark to haul the ladder in here, and I can’t reach it on a chair.”
“Sure.” He climbed out of the truck and headed toward the house. He'd never deny her help, but all he could think about was going to his room. The more time passed, the worse he felt. He'd never acted that way in his entire life. Ever. 
Rosie spotted his mood quickly. “What’s gotten under your hat this evening?” Something was different about John, and she wasn't felt she had to help him. Getting him to talk was the best thing. Maybe she'd make them something cool to drink, and talk it out.
“Nothing, I’m okay.” The last thing he wanted was to have her change her opinion of him. He'd have to keep the little childish game he played to himself. He felt nothing but shame. Yes, he was still very angry over how quickly she nuzzled up with another man, but he should have simply turned away. Why couldn't I do that? It's not like she meant anything.
She shook her head in disbelief and walked with him to the house. Rosie watched as he quickly changed the bulb and silently walked out of the house to the barn. Part of her wanted to follow him and get to the bottom of things. She'd always been a caring, nurturing person, but something told her to give the young man his space.
The horses neighed softly when he entered the barn. He stopped to give them both some attention. At the moment, they were his two favorite females. They didn’t talk. They didn’t use him. They didn’t play any games. “Since when am I, Daniel Giordano, not good enough?” He went in his room and lay down on the bed. He wished he could just shut off his thoughts, but the shocking images of Katherine played over and over again. She was in my arms last night! A Corvette. Really?? Daniel began to question himself further. Without money and a flashy lifestyle, do I not have anything to offer?
The longer he lay there thinking, the more pissed he became. He walked out to his truck, climbed in the sputtering machine, and headed over to the bar. He wasn’t finished telling Katherine exactly what he thought of her. Hopefully a good fight with her would make him want to throw her far out of his mind…or bring her to her senses. His insides were hoping for the latter.



Blond Guy’s Corvette was sitting in the parking lot. Daniel walked in the front door of the bar with his fists clenched at his sides. There was Katherine, standing at the bar with a beer in her hand. Blond Guy’s arm was around her. Daniel couldn't help but notice how much she was laughing and smiling. The pulse in his temple was pounding again. 
Katherine felt someone’s presence behind her. She turned her head and saw John about six feet away. She wasn't in the mood for another testosterone fight. Why do guys have to act like that? “I’m going to go upstairs. Are you coming?” she asked. The last thing she wanted was another public display.
“Yep, I’m just going to finish this beer, then I’ll be up.”
Katherine smiled, kissed his cheek, and left the bar.
Daniel went right behind her. It took everything he had not to punch to guy. He wasn't about to let them go upstairs together without him saying a single word. He was never someone to go running to a corner and hide. Screw that.
When she was almost to the steps leading up to her apartment, she stopped and turned around. “Why are you following me, John?” They were the only two outside, and she was beginning to feel nervous. She knew she should have just ignored him and kept on walking.
“Katherine, what are you doing? You were with me last night and now you're hanging all over that creep? Are you really like this? Was I completely wrong about you?” He spoke firmly and was surprised he was able to keep his voice from raising. She stood there looking at him with a confused look on her face. This made him lose control.
“You have the wrong idea…”
“The hell I do!” Daniel yelled just as Blond Guy grabbed him by the shoulder and spun him around.
“I thought we straightened out your ignorant behavior,” said Blond Guy as he drew back his fist.
Daniel had enough. He blocked the punch and hit the poor bastard right in the face. “There you go, Katherine. He’s already lying down for you and everything. Sorry if he can’t kiss you for a couple of days with his mouth all messed up.” 
“Oh my God! Jacob!” Katherine ran over to Jacob's side and put her hands on his cheeks. She looked up at Daniel with fury.
“Jacob…yeah, you have fun with Jacob. Just remember one thing, Katherine, I could have made you a very happy woman.” With that, Daniel stepped over Jacob’s sprawled out body and climbed in the truck. He knew there was no other option than to get the hell out of Prairie. Get the hell away from Katherine.



∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



Daniel spent his days busting his butt around the farm, sleeping, avoiding Carl’s phone calls, and sleeping some more. He vowed to never step foot in that bar again. Weeks had passed and he still couldn’t get Katherine out of his head. He avoided going into town as much as possible. The last thing he needed was to run into her precious Jacob. Daniel had lots of different names for him and would love to loudly verbalize each one to his face, but to avoid jail, he had to stay away from the guy. He picked up the phone and dialed his father.
“Daniel, how are you?” Francesco got up and walked over to the large office windows that looked over Manhattan. He wanted to retire; he wanted his son to take over the business. Working as hard as he did to make the business successful, made him protective of it. Giordano Seas, if treated correctly, would provide for his family for generations. He couldn't allow someone, especially his own flesh and blood, to destroy it.
“Father, I’m sorry for everything. You were right, I needed to grow up and learn some things. I desperately need to come home though.” Daniel was willing to grovel if it meant he could get away from this town. He was more than willing to accept his defeat, and be a puppet when he got home. Hell, even if it meant staying away from women for a while. Staying away from Katherine. He'd get up early every morning, he'd back off from the club scenes, and avoid every secretary at the office. 
“What have you learned?” Francesco missed his son and couldn’t hide the compassion in his voice. But he had to be sure. He weakened when it came to him, and that’s the worst thing he could allow to happen. Growing up without a mother was difficult on his son, and he watched the effects on Daniel almost daily. When Mother's Day rolled around, he'd spoil him with gifts and keep the little boy preoccupied. It worked, but the over compensation never stopped. His son's obsession with material things was his fault. Undoing the problems he caused, was now his mission.
“I’ve learned about hard work, making it on my own, that women are crazy, and that I’ll remain a bachelor for the rest of my life!” Daniel didn’t realize how loud and fast he was talking. Part of him wished he'd just hopped on a plane and showed up on his father's doorstep. He knew the possibility of being sent away again were great. The last thing he needed was to come right back to this freaking town.
“If you feel all of that, you still aren’t ready to come home. What you’re doing is running, which you’ve done all your life. You run to escape decisions, emotions, and responsibility. I love you and I miss you, my son, but now isn’t the time.”
He listened to his father hang up the phone. 


∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



The weeks were one big blur to Daniel. He felt as if everything had been stripped from him. Everything had. He was feeling nothing but defeat each morning he got up for work at the farm, and it lasted the entire day. Mornings turned into nights, nights turned into the dreaded mornings of knowing there was nothing for him to look forward to. He didn’t even care about the family business anymore. Avoiding the bar was getting easier these days, especially when he felt like he was falling into a deep, dark abyss.
All he found himself capable of doing was work. His body had gotten more muscular, but it didn’t make the work any easier under the heat of the sun. He'd never planted a thing in his life, let alone rows of vegetables, corn, potatoes, and other things. What saved him during the long days was the daydreaming. Constantly dreaming of Katherine made the hours fly by. She had proved him wrong, though. She was no different than Marissa and the rest of the women he entertained. But it wasn’t normal for him to be thinking of just one woman. He didn’t want to think about Katherine, but if he stopped, it would mean that she’d be totally gone. She wasn’t someone he was ready to let go of.


∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



The summer months had blended, and the heat was horrid. The horseflies had left their share of bites, as Daniel had become accustomed to taking off his shirt. He found himself working ridiculously hard so Rosie would have less to do. Why aren’t there other people helping? Where the hell is Sam? 
He stopped one blistering day to wash his head down with the garden hose. For the first time in a long while, he felt something more than despair. The rows of plants that were producing food for the table gave him a sense of pride, a sense of accomplishment, respect for the south and the clean, peaceful scenery. Daniel had nothing in New York to be proud of. Getting beautiful dates and being wealthy used to be on the top of his list. All he respected were the high opinions voiced by others about his wealth and things he could easily buy, but now his respect was for the farmers. No one works harder. It's the simple things in life that's important. Those were never good enough for me.
Even though he felt sore most days, he could definitely see why Rosie loved it here so much. Could it be that he was finally coming to terms with losing Katherine? Maybe he could reside peacefully in Prairie and not fall back in the depths of hell every time he saw her. He had long conversations with the horses when he found himself missing her, and without being asked, he'd wash them down and groom them. His fear of the large beasts was gone, and he figured he'd just take one day at a time, and let the cards in his life fall where they may.



As the summer flew by, he was grateful when the days began to cool off and autumn spread its glorious colors across the land. It was a beautiful day; the temperature was perfect. Daniel decided to walk and enjoy the scenery. He was feeling a little more relaxed until he found himself standing in the meadow where he’d pulled Katherine into his arms. Right where he’d held her when she cried and told him the things she wanted out of life. She disclosed her sorrow, her pain, and did it so well. Some guy shows up with the nicest car that Prairie has probably ever seen, and she runs to him! He left the meadow with his mood no longer light. He headed to his room.
 All optimism he'd felt, went right out the window. Sleeping and working the land had taken over his life, and that was perfectly okay with him. Being inside of his head was like one crushing blow after another. He’d never felt this way before and continued to sink inside himself at a much faster pace. He tried to keep a smile glued on his face when he was around Rosie, but even that was failing. When he arrived in Tennessee, all he wanted was to get back home. Even though his father didn't approve of his lifestyle, it worked good enough for him. But now, he could care less if he ever went back to New York or succeeded in Prairie for that matter. From the moment he woke up, he looked forward to shutting down again when the night fell. Before all this happened with Katherine, he stayed up at the house and talked with Rosie after dinner, but now he picked at his food, and then went to his room as fast as he could to avoid talking about the disaster his life had become.
 


∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



Rosie was waiting for John at the kitchen table with a plate full of food she'd prepared, and a steaming cup of coffee. The leaves had fallen from the trees, and the sky stayed gloomy more days than not. The morning frosts were definitely warning of winter’s arrival, and it wasn't exactly her favorite season. She always spent the winters alone in the old house, trying to figure out ways to make ends meet. At least she wouldn't be all alone this year. She'd been patient with John for several weeks, trying to give him the space he needed to think things through on his own. But with winter approaching, she feared he'd have an even greater excuse to stay secluded in his room She wasn't about to let that happen, especially with the holidays approaching. Christmas was the worst for her, and she was finally looking forward to celebrating this year for a change. The young man had been on the farm for eight months, and Rosie had become quite fond of him. She certainly saw John more like a family member than an employee. But his joyful disposition had dropped like the leaves, and she couldn’t withhold her concern any longer. 
“Okay, spill it.” She was done watching him mope around. He was way too young not be enjoying himself in life. She'd been patiently waiting for him to explain what was making him look so down and become so withdrawn, but time had run out. She couldn't watch him like this, any more. 
“Spill what?” He ate without even bothering to savor the flavor of the delicious, hot meal. He knew she'd been worrying about him. Her furrowed brown, and concerned expressions didn't go unnoticed by him. He'd hoped to snap out of it soon, and let things go back to normal. He had to admit, though, it was taking too long to get Katherine out of his head.
“John, you’re not even the same person. Something happened to you, and if I had to guess, I’d say it has something to do with a female.” She knew she'd probably hit the nail on the head. The last thing she wanted was to make John angry with her. 
“There isn’t a female in my life.” Daniel wished she'd just change the topic. Then it hit him. That's why I run all the time. I don't stand still long enough for anyone to get to know me.
“There are more fish in the sea, it’s a true story.” She reached over and patted his arm. She gave it a slight squeeze, hoping to get him to look up at her.
“Rosie, I do not want a woman in my life. They all want the same thing.” He had to change the subject for her, or he risked spilling something about his real identity.  The deal was to make it on his own without having the family’s wealth and reputation carry him. He couldn't stand the thought of going home a failure.
“So, how are the horses?”
“You were with them last night for over two hours. Those aren’t the females I was talking about. What’s going on, John? Maybe the advice from an old bat like me could help some.”
“No offense, but there aren’t any good women left in this world. They all want the material things you can give them, and nothing else.”
“That’s a big crock of bull.”
“Well, I met someone and all she did was take off with the first guy in a fancy car.” A piece of shit car.
“If you want the woman you're speaking of, go get her. That’s how you do it. Sitting around moping, not having any contact this girl, isn’t going to get you anyplace. If you don’t tell her, she’ll never know how you feel. Women aren’t mind readers, John.” Rosie winked at Daniel, then walked outside towards the barn to take care of the horses. She heard the door open and close behind her. She couldn't imagine a sweet, good looking man like John, having trouble finding a young woman to spend time with. Rosie knew this girl was special to have gotten this far under his skin.
“So just go get her? I’m not a caveman. Besides, I don't have any problems getting women.” Just not the woman I want. Daniel’s voice was rising just bringing the topic up. He'd tried to be a gentleman and hadn’t rushed her. And she turned around and did what she did. She deserved that display with Emily. He was getting angry all over again. Daniel knew he should walk away and stop talking about it. Reliving the mess was making it feel like it just happened.
“I’ll tell you what. We did a lot out in the field yesterday and there isn’t anything pressing today. Go find her and tell her what you think and feel. Women need that. It's called communication...” She smiled lovingly at him. "Trust me, John, I happen to know these things." Rosie winked and began to turn around.
“If it goes like the last time I showed up at the bar to talk to her, will you bail me out of jail?” He was feeling a bit of hope. Maybe Rosie's right. Maybe all I have to do is talk with her. He hoped he'd be able to control his temper. If he didn't see Blond Guy, he figured he'd do just fine.
“Absolutely!” Rosie laughed, gave him a quick hug, and told him to get prettied up and head on over.



Daniel insisted on helping out until around noon. There was no way he was going to take time off with her out there killing herself. He finished the work for the day by going a lot faster, then got cleaned up and headed into town. Daniel found that the small barbershop was open, so he stopped in for a quick cut and shave. He wanted to at least look presentable when he saw Katherine, but he was afraid to step inside the bar. If that little bastard is there…
His excitement grew when he had full view of the parking lot. He saw Katherine’s little Chevy in the back, and there was no sign of the Corvette. Walking inside of the dim bar, he could see only one other patron, a young man eating a sandwich. He didn’t see Katherine and didn’t want to seem like that was his reason for coming there. He ordered a corn beef on rye and had a beer to help his anxiety from boiling over. He was kicking himself for throwing out her number she'd written on the napkin. Daniel had to find a way to get her downstairs to the bar. After he ate, he decided to approach the owner, who was standing at the register inspecting the tape.
“Excuse me,” said Daniel. This was Katherine’s uncle, so he'd definitely be able to call her and ask her to come down. There was no way he was going to risk getting a door slammed in his face from going directly to her apartment.
“What can I get for ya?” 
Daniel reached out his hand and introduced himself. “My name’s John Williams. I’ve been in here a few times but I don’t believe we’ve met.”
“Name’s Andy.” Andy smiled and shook the young man’s hand. “You must be new around here. I know pretty much everyone who lives in these parts.” He laughed like a good Irish man. He didn’t want to embarrass the poor man by pointing out that he saw him get punched once and was out for the count. It didn’t stop him from laughing to himself.
“I moved here not that long ago. I’m trying to find Katherine. Is she working today?” Daniel’s heart was beating faster. He was so close to seeing her. He had no idea what he'd say or do when she walked inside the bar, but he was sure he'd have to apologize from the get-go.
“Nope. Not today, not tomorrow, or anytime in the near future is my guess.” Andy shook his head with disappointment. The mere mention of his niece's name, broke his heart. He knew her stay in Tennessee wasn't permanent, but he wasn't quite ready to feel her absence. She adjusted to the ways of the South, but her heart wasn't here. 
“Why not? Is she okay?
“She told me she had to leave Prairie. I can’t say I much blame her. There isn’t anything here for a young woman other than trouble.”
“Where did she go?” Daniel was almost in a full-blown panic. I waited too long! He wanted to kick himself. Surely her uncle could get her on the phone, and after his apology with promises to do better, she'd come back. He knew it was just his wishful thinking.
“I’m not sure. She took off one night and called me the next morning. It really saddened me. I have plenty of staff to cover, but I’m going to miss that kid. We’re family.”
“Andy, did she go by herself?”
“No, thank God. I’d be scared half to death if she did.”
“Did she leave town with a guy who drives a black Corvette?” His gut began to churn.
“She sure did. I hope he takes care of her, but I don’t put much hope in that. He’s too footloose and fancy free, but I gotta love that kid too. He don’t have much upstairs, but he’s still my nephew.”
“Your nephew? As in Katherine’s cousin??”
“Yep, his name’s Jacob. His mouth gets him into trouble now and then. Seen him with a pretty cut up and swollen lip here some months back. That boy is always fighting. I hate to be rude but I have a delivery coming and I gotta clear out some space in the back. Nice meeting you, John.”
That was her cousin? I accused her of such horrible things, and she was with her cousin?! That crap I pulled with Emily? Oh…my…God.
Daniel hopped in his pickup and drove as fast as he could down to the farm. He went to his room and shut the door. He thought his heart was going to beat right out of his chest. When he felt like his stomach was no longer sitting in his throat and he could breathe better, he got out his phone and called his father.
“Daniel, it’s good to hear your voice. How are you?”
“I need to come home.”
“Are you missing your luxuries? Your penthouse and car are fine. I checked on them just this morning.”
“No! It has nothing to do with the penthouse and damn car!”
Francesco was speechless. He had never heard his son raise his voice to him.
“I’m sorry. You can find me a farm in New York, I don’t care. But I need to be near some resources.”
“Daniel, what’s going on?”
“I need to find…someone. It's really important.”
Francesco could hear the pain in his son’s voice. “Are you in some kind of trouble? How much money do you need?” When he didn't hear a response, his heart sank. “You still haven’t learned anything, have you?”
“Do we have to do this right now?” His voice was beginning to rise again.
“Yes. Answer my question.”
“I learned that money can’t buy happiness. What I thought was happiness was nothing but an illusion. I don’t want a new woman every night, Father. I want one woman, and she’s gone. I have to find her!”
“You’re in love with this woman or did you give her a child?”
“Please, don’t ask me that.”
“Are you in love with her, Daniel?” Francesco bowed his head. All of his son's adult life, he believed Daniel would remain a bachelor. He knew there were just as many women who played the single life as men, and it seemed that this kind of woman was all his son was attracted to. Beauty had always been the most important feature to him.
“I don’t even know what love for a woman is! I’m ashamed of that, but if you must know the guts of it all, I never even took her to bed. She's making me crazy! I can’t stop thinking about her and now she’s gone!” Daniel took a deep breath and slowly let it out. 
Francesco listened to his son’s voice crack more. “You must be able to get to the airport and take a regular plane to New York. If you can’t, I’m afraid you’ll have to stay and earn the money.” He wasn't sure if Daniel had learned to grow up enough or not, but he missed him terribly.
 “I have to tie some things up over here at the farm. This lady named Rosie is a sweetheart, and I can’t hurt her. She took me in and gave me work, even cooks for me, and I won’t leave until I know she’s going to be okay.”
“You mean to tell me you aren’t just going to leave loose ends and go running out the door?”
“No, those days are done.”
Francesco hung up the phone, sat down, and hit the buzzer on his desk. Carl walked into the study shortly afterward.
“Yes, Sir, can I get you anything?”
“I want you to find out what you can about this woman named Rosie who Daniel is working for. I want to know why she’s so important to my son. Maybe she knows who he really is and is using him.”
“I’ll get right on it, Francesco. Is Daniel coming home?”
“I hope so, I feel lost without him.”


Chapter 6


Daniel went outside and hoped he’d spot Rosie. The arguing he soon heard made him run to the side of the house. Sam was yelling, and Rosie was speaking in a firm voice that Daniel had never heard her use before.
“What’s going on?” he interrupted as his protective instincts kicked in. He stepped between the two and faced Sam.
“Nothing, John. We just agree to disagree sometimes,” said Rosie as she stepped in front of Daniel and smiled at him. Sam kicked the dirt and walked off.
“Why was Sam yelling at you?” He didn’t like the looks of any of it. He never heard anything but peace on this quiet farm. Daniel was tempted to grab the man by the scruff of the neck and make him apologize. How could anyone get angry with Rosie? Something's not right here. 
“He’s just crotchety, John. Sometimes he forgets that he doesn’t own things and that he can’t push me around. It’s okay though, we’re the best of friends and we’d never bring harm to one another.” She gave him a hug and stared at him inquisitively. She knew there were things on his mind from his mood changes. She stared at his face for a minute, and watched him take a deep breath and sigh. “What is it, John? What has you so out of sorts?”
“Can we sit down and talk?”
“Of course, sweetie. I was just getting ready to make a nice cup of coffee if you’d care to join me.” She hooked her arm in his. She could clearly see that John was forcing himself to smile. They walked inside the house, and she stayed hopeful that he'd come to talk about his troubles. She hated to see him down like he’d been.
“Rosie,” began Daniel when they were both seated. “Do you have someone who can take my place here at the farm?”
“Are you leaving? Is something wrong?” Rosie asked hesitantly.
Daniel looked at her, and knew his words would sting. “I’m afraid it’s time for me to go back to New York. But I want you to know you did more for me than you’ll ever know. I’m not going to leave you hanging. I refuse to go until I know you’re going to be okay.”
“That’s awfully sweet of you, but I can get another ranch hand. I just need to put the advertisement back up.” Rosie tried to smile so she wouldn’t cry. She had gotten so close to him, and couldn't imagine finding someone who could replace John. She knew she had no right to try and keep him here.
“I’ll stick around until you find another man to help you out here. You can’t be working as hard as you do.” Daniel had been concerned about the amount of work this older woman was doing for months. It just wasn’t right. He reached out and gently held her hand. Part of him wanted to spill his guts, scoop Rosie up in his arms and take her to a better life. He felt horrible for leaving her behind, but he promised himself he'd never forget to come back and help her.
“Nonsense. I thank you for your concern, but I’ve been doing this all my life. This farm belonged to my late husband. I played here when I was a little girl, worked the land when I got older, and eventually ended up marrying Albert Montoose, my childhood friend. When the land went up for sale, he bought it, and Albert and his father built this house.” Rosie paused as she thought about how her life could have been so very different. She never wanted to run a farm, but her husband had been adamant about it. It was the role she married into, not one that she chose. Rosie looked at John’s face and saw his worry. “I’m sure your mother and father will be happy their son is coming home!”
“My father will be happy to see me. My mother died giving birth to me. I’m their only child.” 
Rosie looked at him with such compassion, then stood up to give him a close hug. “I always wanted children, but Albert wasn’t able to provide those. But I have my four-legged children!” She laughed at her reference to the horses. Adding humor to the situation was her only hope from crying. She didn't want John's last memories of her to be a face full of tears. He had a right to a great life, and she'd do anything she could to make it easier for him.
He wasn’t laughing. “I’m going to give you ways you can contact me. If you ever need anything, let me know and I’ll be on the first plane. I plan on coming back to visit you real soon. I promise you that.”
“Oh, sweetie, you’re young, and you shouldn’t be worrying yourself about a stubborn old woman. Now you just go pack your things, and I’ll check on flights to New York for you.”
“Thanks, Rosie. How about I stay just until you find someone--” 
“John, if you don’t go I’m going to fire you!” She laughed and pecked him on the cheek, then turned to take the cups to the sink.
“I’ll come and say goodbye before I take off.”
She could only nod in response while she got busy washing the empty cups. She didn’t trust her voice. When she heard the door close, she sobbed. Even though they weren't blood related, John was the only person she considered family besides her mother. She felt like she was losing a son, one that she'd waited forever to have.
Daniel went in his room and checked on his phone for flight times and ticket costs. He was pleased at how much he’d collected underneath the mattress. If he hurried, he could be at the airport to catch a flight that would depart in a few hours. He kept a thousand dollars just in case something happened and he ended up stranded. He walked up to the house and saw Rosie, busy typing at the old computer.
“You don’t have to look. I found a flight that leaves here in a few hours. I just came to tell you goodbye and to thank you for everything you’ve done for me. It’s been a true pleasure working for you. I can’t tell you how glad I am that I got to know you. You’re incredible.” Daniel wrapped his arms around her and held her close. He kissed her cheek and promised to see her soon, while he slipped the remainder of all his money in her sweater pocket.
“You behave yourself out there, John. Remember you’ll always have a place here when you need one, with plenty of love to go around.” She started to tear up.
“Okay none of that or you’ll have me staying here forever! And I love you too, Rosie. Take care and I’ll see you again soon. Please believe that, okay?” Daniel stepped away and smiled at her.
“You got yourself a deal. If you ever need me, you know where I am.”
He made a quick call to his father to let him know he was on his way home, then got in his pickup and headed to the airport. He looked down at his feet and noticed he’d forgotten to put his work boots on and give Rosie back her husband’s cowboy boots. I’ll mail them to her. I’m not going back in that house just to say goodbye to her again. Daniel felt such pain in leaving this woman, and he had the feeling that even if she needed help from him, she wouldn’t ask. She’s the most selfless person I’ve ever met. 



∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



Daniel was midflight before it dawned on him that he didn’t even know Katherine’s last name. He never bothered to ask. He didn’t know the last names of hardly any women he was with. He didn’t care. Now he did. 
The flight in coach went a lot smoother. He sat by quiet people, and the seat directly in front of him was empty. He was grateful for the extra leg room, but he couldn't relax. His mind was spinning a hundred miles per minute, and being stuck in the air wasn't helping. He had so much to do.
After the plane landed, he worried about where the keys to the red pickup truck would be. He certainly didn’t want to pay for a cab, or even worse, call his father and tell him he needed a ride home. 
“Daniel!”
He turned his head and saw Carl yelling out the back window of the limo, and walked over.
“I was just wondering where the red pickup keys were.”
“You were really going to drive that thing back home?” He laughed at the thought. When he saw how serious Daniel was, he stopped. He knew how hard this was for him, and it was quite obvious that he had a change in his attitude. Normally, Daniel would be displaying his temper.
“If you’re going to make jokes, I’ll just pay for a cab.”
“No, Daniel. Forgive me, please.”
The ride back to the penthouse was quiet. Daniel tried to close his eyes and rest. He wasn't interested in looking at the dirty environment, the people hurrying, and the tall buildings. He definitely wasn’t in the mood for more conversations with Carl. He didn’t dislike the man, as he’d known him his entire life, but he didn’t feel up to fielding questions and listening to sarcasm and laughter.
When the limo stopped, Carl reached inside his pocket. “Here is your wallet, money, and cards, Daniel. In the wallet is the key to your penthouse. Call if you find yourself in need of my assistance. Goodnight.”
After saying goodnight and thanking him, Daniel got out of the limo and motioned for the guards to let him into the secured parking structure so he could quietly take the back elevators up to the penthouse. The guards paused, but only briefly. They didn't dare question Mr. Daniel Giordano. There sat his white Lamborghini. He stopped by the car and looked over its shine, its sleekness, and the waste of money. The cost of this one car would provide for Rosie for quite some time. Hell, it would even pay for some of Katherine’s education and a decent car. Tomorrow, I’ll sell it. 
He listened to the bland elevator music on the way up to the twenty-fourth floor. Unlocking the door, his first smell was leather. Expensive leather. The fresh air he'd been exposed to was long gone. He looked out the windows and saw the Empire State Building. I’ve been there only once. Why was this view so important to me? I’d trade this for the view of the rolling meadow any day. The view of Katherine’s face. He walked further around the penthouse that his father had paid tens of millions for. It had been a surprise for Daniel’s birthday. Why do I need five bedrooms or five and a half baths? Why did I think I needed any of this? "What I need is gone…"
Daniel sat down on the soft white leather sectional and got his phone out. He looked up the number for The Corral. Dialing, he hoped that Andy didn’t pick up the phone. The last thing he needed was for Andy to worry that he wanted to bring harm to Katherine. I already have.
“Hello?”
Daniel was relieved to hear the boisterous voice coming from the background.
 “Stop answering the damn phone like that! This is a business I’m trying to run. What’s the matter with you?”
“Alright already! Thank you for calling The Corral. Can I help you?”
“I wanted to send a note of thanks to the owner. I know his first name is Andy but I’m not sure of his last name. Can you tell me so I can address this envelope?” 
“Sure, his name’s Andy O’Brian.”
“I understand Katherine moved. I have a few things to send to her that she let me borrow. Do you happen to know where she went?”
“Nope. No one does. Said she’ll call when she found a place to settle down.”
Daniel thanked the girl and hung up. He immediately fired up the computer. Then he sat there. He didn't even know what state she went to. Did she go back to Michigan? Searching for Katherine O’Brian, the correct Katherine O’Brian, his Katherine O’Brian, was going to be a nightmare. He was definitely going to need some help. 
His phone rang and Daniel saw that it was his father. 
“Daniel, could you come by the house? I miss you, and Elda is cooking up some lobsters!”
Lobsters. Ask her if she has any biscuits and gravy.
“I can stop by, but I’m not really hungry. I do want to speak to you about a couple of matters if you have time.”
“Of course I have time. I can’t wait to see you!”
"Let me clean up some and I'll be right over."
Even though he was exhausted, the excitement he heard in his father’s voice made him feel good. For way too long he’d been a disappointment to the man who’d given him everything. He’s just one more person I took advantage of.



The hot water felt good, the water pressure was just right, but the sterile penthouse was not. There weren’t any knickknacks, family photographs, nothing homemade, not even one item that held any kind of sentimental value. The closest thing he had was a grand piano. Not only did he not know how to play it, but no one else had touched it either. 
With his plush towel wrapped around his waist, Daniel walked into his room to get changed. He opened up the closet and saw that practically everything he had was tailored specifically for him by designers. There were rows of custom made suits, stark white shirts, expensive ties, and way too many dress shoes. He closed the door and opened up his suitcase. Inside was a clean pair of faded blue jeans and a blue flannel shirt. He smiled and got dressed.
Daniel took the back elevator to the parking garage and got in his Lamborghini. It started on the first try. It didn’t backfire or make any noise, other than the sweet sounds it should have. He loved the car, but he just couldn’t drive it and feel good. People that he cared about were going without simple, basic things. Over and over again the guilt poured through him. I didn’t even earn all the luxuries I have. Not one single thing did I work for.



∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



Carl stepped into the study carrying a file that contained the information Francesco requested.
“Rosie Lynn Montoose? That’s a mouthful, Carl.”
“Would you like to review the file in private? I’m sure you don’t need me to watch over your shoulder.” 
“Thank you. You don’t have to stay. Daniel will be here shortly and I need to speak to him in private. The paperwork for my son to take over the company has been drawn up for almost two years. I would like to present it to him and hope the proposal is well received. I’m not getting any younger, but you already know this. I made sure you’ll keep your job and be well cared for.”
“I thank you, Sir. But if you don’t mind me asking, what are you going to do with your free time? I worry about you not having things to occupy yourself. Perhaps you can travel.”
“Maybe, but that's something I shared with Lillian, God rest her soul. I miss her every day. I’ve been alone for over two and a half decades so you think I would have gotten used to it," he chuckled.
“Very well. If you need anything, don’t hesitate to let me know.” Carl could see right through Francesco's fake laugh. He quietly left the room, closing the door behind him.
Francesco sat at his desk and opened the file. The photograph showed an older woman with a friendly, happy face and beautiful blue eyes. He read the sheets of paper and couldn’t find anything to indicate she would blackmail his son. Maybe she really didn’t know that John Williams was a fabricated name. She had no criminal past, not even a traffic ticket. He did find out a critical piece of information, though. Rosie Lynn Montoose was losing her farm.



Chapter 7


Daniel drove through the security gates and up the long driveway of his father’s estate. It was definitely beautiful. Acres of manicured property surrounded the mansion that was way too big for just Daniel and his father. Francesco and Lillian had planned on a large family and a wonderful life together. Those dreams were crushed by her untimely death, but Francesco didn’t have the heart to sell the place. His wife had put so much of her love and personality in each room.
Carl opened the front door. “You may wear your other clothes, Daniel. You’ve met the requirement so there’s no need to dress like that anymore.” He openly laughed.
“My attire doesn’t change or make who I am. Good to see you again.” He shook Carl’s hand and walked away, leaving the man standing there, staring at his blue flannel back.
Daniel knocked on the study door, then entered it after he heard his father’s booming voice. 
Francesco hurried to his son and gave him a tight embrace, then kissed his cheek. “Welcome home!”
“Thank you, Father. It's good to see you again.”
“You didn’t have to put those clothes back on," said Francesco as he patted his son on the shoulder.
“These are what I feel comfortable in. You should try it sometime.”
Francesco smiled at his son’s suggestion. “I hope you understand why I did what I did. It was very hard for me to send you away, Daniel.”
“Thank you for doing it. I’m not the same man I was when I left. I’m a better one because of you.” A long silence filled the room, and he was hoping his father wasn't going to bring up old topics again.
Francesco looked concerned. “I need to ask you about this woman Rosie. You were close to her?”
“I love Rosie. She's been sort of a mother to me.”
“You worked on her farm, no?”
“Every day I worked long, hard hours. She isn’t young anymore and was working just as long and hard as I was. Then she’d go in the house and prepare these meals that were like heaven. She even has a couple of horses I became close to. They’re magnificent animals.”
“Do you know a lot about this farm?” Francesco looked down at the file on his desk.
“Rosie said her husband bought it some years ago and built a home there. His name was Albert and he died a decade ago, but she kept the farm going. It’s just her and a man named Sam, who works the land. He has a family and lives a few miles away. He comes over and helps her out, but I don’t think they get along as well as what Rosie claims. He’s pretty stern and not very pleasant.”
“…How is the farm doing? Is it successful?” Francesco cautiously asked.
“I think it is. She paid me well, and I was able to save up a decent amount. I kept a thousand dollars when I left in case of an emergency and to buy my plane ticket, but then I left the remaining money with her. I hope it helps her out.”
“You gave her your money?” Francesco couldn't believe what he was hearing.
“She needed it more than I did. I knew I was coming back here and would have access to everything. That’s what I want to talk with you about.”
“Don’t tell me you wrecked your car…”
“It’s about the car and a few other things. But no, I didn’t wreck it. I don’t want it.”
“You don’t have to have another sports car. This one should last you for quite a while.” Francesco drummed his fingers on his knee.
“I’m sure it would. I just don’t want it.” Here we go again, thought Daniel. 
“You don’t want it?”
“It’s a waste of money. I don’t want that penthouse either. I want both of them sold.”
“What has gotten into you?” He'd never heard things like this from his son before.
“Rosie just about kills herself every single day keeping that farm running. She doesn’t have any other ranch hands to help her other than Sam. Now that I’m gone it could take her quite a while before she finds more help.”
“I have to tell you something. I don’t want you to be angry with me.” He looked down at the file again. Even though he knew his son would get angry, the truth had to be told.
“What is it?”
“You know that I love you and I know you got to spend a great deal of time with this woman and grew to trust her while you were in Tennessee. I still had to make sure you were protected. I had Rosie investigated.”
“You what?” He quickly rose to his feet. He was furious.
“On paper only. I didn’t find anything that would suggest Rosie knew who you were and would try to get money.”
“Oh my God! She isn’t even like that at all!” Daniel headed for the door.
“I realize this. She isn’t hiring any more ranch hands. She never intended on it.”
“Wait. What are you talking about?”
“Rosie is losing her home, Daniel. The three hundred acre farm is being foreclosed. It seems that back taxes, loans, and bad debt sunk her.”
“Wait a minute. Her farm is not three hundred acres. You have the wrong person. I lived there, and I know it isn’t three hundred acres. It’s surrounded by other property. She only owns a hundred, if that, and probably closer to seventy-five, as we only grew hay and some produce we sold. That's about it.”
“…Is this Rosie?” Francesco turned the picture around. He saw the concern and sadness in his son’s eyes. He hadn’t seen that since Daniel was a little boy. Part of him wanted to get to the bottom of it, and the other wanted the information to be about the wrong woman. He'd never seen his son verbalize such fondness for someone else. He knew Daniel loved him, but showing love was something different.
He took the file from his father and sat back down. His hands began to tremble. “I have to go, Father," he said as he got up to leave. He was very angry at himself for leaving. Why didn't I know about this? Why did I leave her when she needed me the most?

“Where are you going? We have other matters to discuss, and I haven't seen you in a very long time. Please, stay.” Francesco began to panic. Sending his son away was the hardest thing he'd ever had to do. Having Daniel leave again, would break him.
“Rosie can’t lose that place. If she does, she’ll lose her horses. They're like children to her. I’m sorry, but I have to get back to Tennessee. I’ll work day in and day out if I have to, to save her home.”
“Daniel…” Francesco smiled at his son. He had never been so proud of this young man standing in front of him, and all his worry melted away. He was so used to his son running from responsibility, and now, here he was, running to help someone he wasn't responsible for at all.
“What is it? I have to leave.”
“You’re rich.”
“Please don’t start on me about money. I’m not like I was.”
“I know this, son. It’s evident that you’ve changed. But you’re rich. You’ve blown money left and right and for all the wrong reasons. But you say this Rosie is important to you?”
“She is very important to me. She’s…family.”
“Then family should stick together.” Francesco pushed the button on his desk, and Carl entered the study shortly thereafter. 
“May I be of assistance?”
“Carl, I need a bag packed as quickly as possible.”
“What climate, Sir?”
“We will also need the jet. We have to get to Tennessee.”
“Very well.” He turned and quickly left the room.
“We?” Daniel didn’t know what to think.
“We’re family, Daniel. Let’s put all of our resources to good work!” Francesco smiled when his son ran to him and threw his arms around his shoulders.
“Thank you, so much. I don’t know what to say.”
“Well, you will have to think of something to say, because Rosie doesn’t know who you really are.”
“Oh God…” 


∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



The flight to Nashville was welcomed. It gave Francesco and his son time to fill in the blanks. Francesco couldn’t believe what a wonderful man Daniel had become and was excited to hand over the business to him. But now wasn’t the time to approach company business. Even though he didn't believe Rosie was out to bring his son harm, he had to meet her in person. If he found something that didn't set well with him, he could have Daniel out of there quickly. 
As the jet lowered, Francesco looked at the rolling, green hills of Tennessee. He'd never been here either, and couldn't believe how beautiful the land was. When he was selecting a place to send his son, he and Carl put up a map on his office wall and threw darts at the country. Most of them ended up in the ocean. The first dart to make it to land was one thrown by the butler. It hit Prairie. 



Daniel led his father through the airport at a fast pace.
“You're going to have to slow down some. I’m not a young man anymore.”
“I’m sorry, but I need to get to the farm.”
“Where are you going? A limo is picking us up here at the door. Where is the damn thing?” Francesco was getting angry.
“We don’t have to wait for a limo. There’s no time.”
Daniel walked out to the parking lot, and there stood the old, faithful red pickup. He reached in his pocket and pulled out the key. He opened up the passenger door without a second thought, then turned to see his father’s shocked face. He could only imagine what his own face looked like when Carl gave him the keys.
“What is this?”
“Our limo. Get in and buckle up, I’m not sure of its safety.” Daniel laughed to himself. Francesco wasn’t laughing one bit, but did as he was told.
“Where are you heading? We can’t go to the farm, it’s too late. Rosie will surely be sleeping. Let’s get a room, and we’ll drive out to Montoose Farm first thing in the morning.”
“Yeah, you’re right.” Disappointed, he drove around Nashville until he found a nice hotel that his father would approve of. For the entire night that Daniel lay on the stiff, bleach-smelling sheets, he wished for his warm, comfortable room by the barn, with the familiar sounds from Rosie’s horses. 



Daniel tried to get some rest, but his worries kept him wide awake. He watched the alarm clock on the nightstand and couldn't wait to get going. The alarm wasn't set, because it wasn't necessary to do so. He hadn't needed one in months.
“Father, wake up, we need to get going.”
“What time is it?” Francesco squinted at the clock.
“It’s five in the morning. We can have breakfast and then head over to the farm. If we don’t hurry, Rosie will be difficult to find.”
“Wait a minute, you got up every morning at five?”
“Yes, and it was a great way to start the day. I didn’t feel like I missed a single thing. I don’t want the nightlife anymore, it just isn’t for me. Besides, the sunrises in Tennessee are breathtaking. I never missed a single one.”
Francesco nodded with approval and hugged his son. His pride for Daniel Giordano was beaming through his eyes. He was definitely going to make this family proud.



The old pickup bounced down the rough gravel roads until they approached the sign, “Montoose Farm.” The kitchen light was on, so Daniel climbed out of the truck and headed up to the house. Certainly his father's investigators had made a mistake. Nothing seemed out of place at all. Rosie was probably up making breakfast and getting ready to start her day.
Before he could knock, he saw the foreclosure notice taped to the middle of the door. Oh my God, it’s true! With a shaking hand, He knocked softly, then opened the door. There were no smells of scrambled eggs, bacon, and coffee. There was no Rosie there to greet him.
“Rosie?”
“John?” I’m in the living room, come on in!” She tried to make her voice sound as cheerful as she could. She'd seen the bank attach the notice to the front door. She'd looked at it and felt almost elated…until she thought about her horses. Then she became petrified at thoughts of losing them. She knew he'd seen the notice on the door.
He let his father inside, then cautiously rounded the corner.  He didn't know what he'd find. He held up his hand so he could proceed to the living room alone. He needed to speak with Rosie and find out some answers. He doubted she'd talk in front of a stranger, when she couldn't even share what was going on to him. What Daniel saw broke his heart. 
“Rosie, what is happening?” He went down on his knees in front of her and wrapped her up in his arms. She cried loud, uncontrollable sobs. After a few minutes, he sat back on his heels and held her hands.
“The farm is gone. Someone is coming at eight to pick up Patches and Daisy. They’ve been with me for so long. They’re my babies.” The sobs became even louder.
“Who's coming to get your horses?”
 “A farmer that Sam found wants them. I don’t have a place to keep my girls. I don’t even have a home. I would love to offer you your room to stay in, but there isn’t one, John. I have nothing anymore.”
Daniel was seeing red. “Rosie, do you trust me?”
“Of course I do.” She smiled through her tears and patted his cheek.
“This is my father, Francesco Giordano.”
She stood up, as Francesco walked into the room. He smiled and put his hand out.
The resemblance was quite noticeable. “You've raised a fine young man. I just love him! He’s like a son to me, so I guess that means you’re family too!” Rosie wrapped her arms around Francesco and hugged him.
The older man blushed but was enjoying the embrace of this woman in his arms. Occasionally he'd hugged a few women from the staff at home or from the office, but they were more like family. This was totally different, and made his face flush. He wasn't proud of himself to be feeling these things during such a sad time.
“Why are you losing your farm? I thought you were doing so well.” Daniel was beside himself. He tried to think back to see if he'd missed some sort of a sign that things weren't going good. He knew they worked hard but that was expected. Then a clear image of Sam entered his mind.
“Albert drank heavily. When he drank, he gambled. Before I knew it, all of our savings were gone. After his death from a heart attack, I was made aware of the many loans that Albert took out, putting the farm up for collateral. The sums owed were so large, I couldn’t repay them. I actually have three hundred acres here, and you only saw a small part of it. I couldn’t afford to keep the livestock, and I couldn’t afford to hire the men it would take to keep a farm this size up and running.” Her face showed utter defeat. 
“Be honest with me, who is Sam?”
“Sam is Albert’s brother. I’ve never liked him, and he was trying to force me into giving him the farm. He told me I could continue to live here, but the horses were an expense that wasn’t necessary, and he wouldn’t let me keep them. The bank has taken my home, and Sam put in an offer I know they'll accept. I wish he wasn't the one getting it. I'd much rather see this place go to a stranger.”
“Father…” 
Francesco cleared his throat, broadened his shoulders, and got ready to disclose the truth. “Rosie, this young man’s name isn’t John Williams. My son was a pretty reckless man and ran from reality. I sent him here as a test, made him leave the family name in New York and learn to make it on his own so I could hand over my shipping business to him. His name is Daniel Giordano. Do not be angry with him, this was my doing. He had no other option but to use the new identity I gave to him. He has more than proven to me that he's grown up. I’m very proud of him and I’ll be gladly handing over my business to my son so I may retire.”
“Daniel?”
“I’m sorry, Rosie. All my feelings for you are real. The man you know is real. I’m here to help you. Please let me.”
“John, I mean, Daniel, it would take money that neither of us have.”
Francesco interrupted. “Rosie, if we had the money would you let us help you?”
“I love my horses, and seeing them leave is going to completely break my heart. The farm I don’t care about. It’s very beautiful land, but I feel so lonely in this town. I don’t have any friends and working this farm takes up my life. There are no days to relax, and if I don’t feel well, I work anyway. I never wanted this for myself. This place holds a very painful past with Albert, and now with Sam. I have to accept the fact that he won.”
“So the only things you want out of here are your horses?” Daniel looked his father in the eyes.
“Rosie, have you ever been to New York?” The old man was feeling such compassion for this woman.
“Well, the only place I’ve ever been is up to Nashville, then back here to Prairie.”
“Would you be interested in coming to New York?” Francesco smiled.
“I really couldn’t afford to move anyplace, especially to New York. There are rooms to rent here in Prairie, so I should be okay.” She smiled and gave her best attempt to convey that she'd be just fine. The truth was, she had very little money. She wanted to give Daniel back his money she found in her sweater, but knew he wouldn't accept it. She'd have to rent a place from Beatrice. Rosie couldn't stand the woman. At first she felt bad seeing the building fall to ruins. Everyone was struggling these days, but when she found out that Beatrice could afford to fix the place up but chose to force people to stay in such disgusting conditions instead, sickened her. She cared about no one but herself.
“Well, it’s settled then.” Francesco took out his phone, picked up a utility bill on the table, and used his authoritative voice when the call was answered.
“Bill, Francesco here…Good and you?...Great. I need a nice place on my estate for two horses…two horses! I don’t have time to explain. Either you can handle it or you can’t. I want it completed as soon as possible, and I don’t care how many men you have to hire. Just get it done. The faster you work the more money you’ll make. I need fencing put up for them. I think fifteen acres of the property will be just fine. Keep me posted, and Bill? Make it nice!” Francesco hung up the phone and dialed another number. “Mark, draw up some papers, I want to purchase a farm at forty-seven Shenandoah Road, Prairie Tennessee. I want all three hundred acres and the dwellings. I don’t care what the cost is. Pay more than any bids that have come in. Put this on the top of your pile, Mark.”
Rosie chimed in the second Francesco hung up. “Mr. Giordano, this is very expensive. Even if you buy the farm I can’t afford to stay here. It'll take the rest of my life to pay for the many loans, and even then it won’t be the complete amount.”
“Please call me Francesco. You need to know we have money. We aren’t going to stand by and watch you suffer or struggle even for one more day. I need to know who you owe and we’ll take care of it now. Then, you’re coming to my home, since you were so kind to let my son into yours.”
“Daniel, is this real?” Rosie was afraid to feel hopeful.
“It’s all real. Your new life, which you’re more than deserving of, is about to begin.” He wrapped his arms around her and struggled to maintain his composure.
After a few more phone calls, Francesco phoned Carl and requested a limo because there was no way that all three of them were going to fit in the old pickup. Rosie went into the kitchen and cooked one of her amazing meals as they waited for the limo to drive in from Nashville. Daniel never saw his father consume that much food, that fast, in his entire life.
“Rosie, this was the most amazing meal I’ve ever eaten. And if I don’t stop, I’m not going to fit in any automobile.” Francesco laughed and gave her a big smile.
As the limo pulled up, so did Sam. He was wearing an evil smirk on his face and brought another man with him.
“What the hell is this?” demanded Sam. “Rosie is signing over this farm to me as soon as we get the two deadbeat horses out of here. I was just informed that someone is trying to buy the place. It’s mine so ya’ll better just move along.”
“You can’t take this farm, and you won’t go near either of my horses. There’s been nothing signed and no money has exchanged hands. Get off of my property. Your days of bullying me are over!”
Sam stepped close to Rosie and shoved her.
“Don’t you dare lay a hand on her!” Daniel drew back his fist, but his father stopped him. 
“Son, you can’t strike an old man! It isn’t right. But I can!” Francesco hit Sam in his face, causing him to go to the ground. “Get off this property and don’t you ever step another foot on it again!” 
Sam got up, and both he and the other man turned to leave. “You’ll pay for this, Rosie!”
Francesco glared at the two men until he could no longer see them. “You can’t stay here. You need to come with us. I fear that Sam will bring you harm, and I can't have that. Please, you're not safe in this house."
“I can’t leave. No one is here to take care of my horses.”
“Rosie, I have someone that I trust who will transport the horses to New York. Movers will come and pack up your house, and then we’ll put it all on the market if you don’t want to keep it. If you do, I’ll sign it over to you and you can live here debt free. I’ll hire men to work the farm so you never have to do this labor again. I’ll even hire security for you so that no one brings you any trouble. That’s a promise.” Francesco held her hand, then bent and kissed it.
“Francesco, I can’t thank you and Daniel enough for all you’ve done. But I can’t just leave. There are things I need to do, and I don’t want to leave my horses unattended, even if it's just for a few hours. I don’t trust Sam. He’ll be back and I’m afraid he’ll bring them harm.”
The driver cautiously got out and lifted both suitcases, but Daniel stopped him from putting his in the back.
“Father, I’ll stay here with Rosie until the horses are on their way. I’ll help her decide what she wants to take or leave, and when everything is settled, and Rosie feels at ease, we’ll make our way to the airport.”
“Okay, Daniel. When you’re ready you let me know, and I’ll have the jet waiting in Nashville. I’m so very proud of you. Even though you’ve gotten more muscles I would still like to get some security out here.” 
“No, I don’t think he’ll be back before we’re able to get the horses out of Prairie,” he said, trying to reassure his father. Not only did he know Sam was after the farm, he knew his father was a target now as well. He couldn't believe how long Rosie has had to put up with this tyrant. One thing was for damn sure, he would do whatever it took to keep his family safe.
 Francesco kissed Daniel’s forehead, hugged Rosie, and then climbed in the back of the limo. 


Chapter 8



Rosie sat at the kitchen table, completely consumed with worry. It wasn’t as if Sam Montoose was going to quietly go away. It was getting pretty late but Rosie didn’t feel like she should close her eyes. Truth be told, a closed door didn't keep out the bad. She felt like a sitting duck, and now she'd worry about both Giordano men. She knew that look in Sam's eye better than anyone. If Sam made a threat, you should treat it like a promise. If Daniel or Francesco got caught in the crosshairs, she'd never forgive herself. She wished she could adequately explain just how evil and dangerous Sam is.
Her fears didn't escape Daniel. “You’ve been shredding tissues left and right. My father has made sure things are going to be okay. It might take some time for all the necessary paperwork to go through, but Sam won’t be getting this farm, and your horses are going to be okay. I can stay up here in the house so you’re not alone.” He wished he could take her away and the horses immediately away, but he couldn't. He wished his father would have hit Sam harder. 
“That’s sweet of you. But I’ve lived alone for ten years, and I’m not worried about anything happening to me. I’m worried about the horses. They’re locked in the barn and Sam knows that.”
“I’ll sleep down in my old room then. I’ll keep an eye on your girls, so don’t worry about them. You should try to get some sleep though.” Daniel didn’t think he was going to ease the woman’s fears. He couldn’t blame her.
“I’ll be just fine." She got up and reached inside a desk drawer. "Here’s the key to your room. Don’t go worrying about me, you hear?”
“I’ll always worry about you. Call me if you can’t sleep or if you need anything, Rosie, and I mean it.” He took the key and a flashlight, kissed her cheek, and headed down to the barn. 
He went in through the back entrance. As soon as he opened the door, the fresh scent that he’d been missing filled his senses. He felt such comfort seeing the things that Rosie had made, especially the beautiful quilt. Stripping down to his boxers, Daniel slipped under the covers and closed his eyes.
Katherine immediately came into his thoughts. Where is she? He could picture her so clearly and wished more than anything he could take that entire, horrible day back. Daniel’s evil accusations, his behavior with Emily, even hitting her cousin in the mouth was eating at him. The behavior she exhibited with Jacob could have very well been platonic to any passerby. But Daniel had jumped to conclusions. She'll never forgive me. I’ve lost my chance with her.



Sometime after three in the morning, Daniel fell into a deep sleep. At four, the sounds of the horses screaming and kicking their stalls brought him to his feet. Black smoke was leaking into his room. Throwing on his clothes and boots as fast as he could, he grabbed the flashlight and opened the door leading inside of the barn. He couldn’t see much through the smoke, but the bright, riveting fire toward the front of the barn was terrifying and spreading fast. He pulled up his shirt to cover his nose and mouth and felt his way to the big sliding door on the side of the barn, unlatched it, and slid it open. The horses were wild with fear. He had to get them out of there. Standing with his back to the fire, he opened the stall doors and hoped they wouldn’t run the wrong way. He began waving his arms and, luckily, the horses bolted outside. He had remembered Rosie telling him they could sense his fear, so he tried to remain calm. It wasn’t easy. The barn was too engulfed in flames to be slowed by a hose. He didn’t even attempt it.
Rosie was already running towards the barn when Daniel met her halfway. 
“They’re out, Rosie, stop! The horses aren’t in the barn, they’re okay. We have to get a vet and the fire department out here!” Daniel had to yell. Rosie nodded her head and went running back inside the house. 
By the time the fire department and volunteers arrived, the barn was completely collapsing. The vet arrived within an hour with a large pickup and horse trailer. Catching two frightened horses proved to be a challenge. But as daylight began to approach, improved visibility was helping them. The vet brought out ropes to help capture them, but when Rosie walked to the end of the pasture and whistled, the girls came to her. Daniel opened up the fence so the vet could back the trailer up instead of walking the horses near the barn to the main gate. 
Daniel drove Rosie to the vet’s office so the horses could be examined for burns and smoke inhalation. Luckily, they were just frightened but were going to be okay. He wanted to keep them over night at his clinic to make sure. That was a big relief; the horses had no more shelter at the farm. 
He stepped outside the vet's office and called his father. “Sam burned the barn down. The horses are okay, but only because I was sleeping in an attached room and heard the commotion. I didn’t see the scumbag, but I know it was him. We have to get these horses out of Prairie today. He’ll kill them both.”
“That stupid little man…I’ll call you right back, Daniel. He could have killed the horses, but more importantly, he could have killed you!” Daniel never heard his father talk with that much vengeance. He hung up the phone, and seeing Rosie’s worried face, he wrapped his arms around her.
“What am I going to do with the girls? There isn’t a safe place for them in this town.” She let the tears flow as Daniel held her. 
“We’re getting you and the horses out of Prairie today. They’ll be safe at the clinic until we move them. I’m coming back to your house with you and we’re going to get this moving thing going. You’re done with Prairie. Sam has no idea who he picked a fight with.”



Driving back to the house, Daniel noticed the police car pulling into the driveway. 
The officer approached the red pickup and motioned for the driver to stop. “Are you Daniel Giordano?”
“Yes I am, and this is Rosie Montoose. She lives here.”
“I just got off the phone with your father. We picked up Sam. A farmer has come forward as a witness to some conversations with him regarding the barn fire and his plan to kill the horses in that fire. He was also charged with the assault against Mrs. Montoose. I’ll be staying outside until you’re set to leave.”
“Thank you, we really appreciate it.” Daniel could tell by the look on the officer’s face that he’d listened to loud demands from an angry Italian in New York.



Rosie and Daniel were going from room to room, gathering items she wanted to keep. The things she made, some family heirlooms from her mother, photographs, and a few other odds and ends were all that were chosen. She didn’t want anything else, especially not all of her clothes. Just a few outfits would be good enough. All of her clothes were hand-me-downs from Albert or very outdated women’s clothing. 
“I’m going to buy you all new things. You don’t have to take any of these.” He looked in her closet with sadness and visions of his Lamborghini. He felt so much guilt.
“It’s fine, Daniel, I’m not a freeloader," she laughed. "I’ll find myself a little job to help me make ends meet. I will pay rent and pay for my horses.” When Rosie had her hands on her hips, you knew she meant business, but he wasn’t going to take no for an answer.
“We’ll figure everything out when we get there, okay?” You aren’t doing anything but lavishing yourself in luxuries, having servants, playing with your horses, and being shown more love than you’ve ever known. If he could turn back the hands of time, and erase all her painful memories, he'd gladly do it. The best thing he could do right now is keep his anger at bay, and convince her to get out of Tennessee.
She agreed, reluctantly.  



When Daniel closed and locked the door to the house, Rosie took one last look at the land.
“Are you okay with this? My father meant what he said. If you want to stay, he really will do all those things he said he would.”
“It’s time for me to move on and maybe enjoy doing something else. Hopefully I can find a different kind of job!” Rosie laughed and Daniel joined her.
You aren’t ever working again, he thought, but kept on smiling. He cancelled the movers and lifted the few boxes in the limo to be put on the jet. He wanted to keep the pickup parked at the farm so it'd look like someone was there. He doubted anyone besides Sam would want to bring harm, but he couldn't be sure. 



Rosie was like a little girl inside the limo. She pushed all the buttons, raised and lowered the partition, and Daniel was having a field day just watching her. It was the simple things in life that brought her such joy, and all he'd done was take everything for granted. His father did spoil him out of love, but it was he himself who took advantage of his generosity by always wanting more. Truth be told, he didn't acknowledge or appreciate simplicity until he went to Montoose Farm and met this woman who'd so easily entered his heart. I was living blind.
When the limo stopped, Daniel watched Rosie freeze, and her smile fade. He knew it was because she was leaving Tennessee, the home she'd known all her life, and he could totally relate to how fearful she was. He smiled and assisted her out of the limo.
Walking up to the plane, she grabbed Daniel’s arm.
“Are you okay? If you want to stay in Tennessee, I'll make that happen and come to visit you every weekend.”
“Don’t laugh at me, but I’ve never flown before…”
“It’ll be fine, and I think you’ll love flying. I’ll sit right beside you.” He took her by the hand and led her up the steps.
“Are you sure the horses are okay? I’m worried about them.”
“My father is paying for the veterinarian at the clinic to transport them to New York. He has a technician riding along, and they’re already on the road. If you’d like, you can call them from the plane to check on your girls.”
“Is your pilot…good?”
"Very." 
Once they were seated, he felt hands wrap around his arm and squeeze. He tried to calm Rosie with his words, and when that didn't work, he ordered her a glass of wine. He'd never seen anyone so afraid to fly. But then again, he'd never met anyone like Rosie Montoose.
She was absolutely shocked at how beautiful the interior was, but it didn't calm her nerves. It looked more like an expensive hotel suite than the insides of airplanes she’d seen on television. Her concerns about safety got worse. After the glass of wine, she held even tighter to Daniel as the pilot moved the jet onto the runway. Once they were en route, Rosie relaxed and just enjoyed the view.
 Daniel tried to keep her engaged in conversation. No matter how hard he tried to get Rosie to think of fond memories she may have, She kept turning the questions back to him. It saddened him to think she had nothing good in her life other than the horses. 
“Do you live with your father?” Rosie knew that if she wrote a book, the story of her life would barely fill up a paragraph; hard work, debt, abuse, violence, tears, loneliness…
“No, I live in a penthouse that I hate in Manhattan. I’m going to move back home I think until I get some things figured out. I don’t want to live like I was.” Daniel hadn’t mentioned to his father about wanting to move back to the mansion. He wasn’t crazy about staying in New York, but if his father was going to give him the business, he’d almost have to stay. Regardless of where he ended up, Daniel knew he'd continue to miss the farm, the southern hospitality, and the people of Prairie. Living in Tennessee had put a polish on the rough, careless man he wanted to leave in his past. All his life he did nothing but make fun of people from the south, the land of the south, and even farmers. He knew that no matter how much he longed to work the land and breathe the clean air of the countryside, it would remain in his past. In reality, I was making fun of Rosie. Daniel felt his embarrassment and anger over his stupidity color his face and his mood.
“A penthouse? My word, you must have thought that room I put you in was the pits!”
“Actually, it was the most beautiful place I’d ever seen. I’ll miss it. I think the biggest thing I’ll miss is the quilt, and the way you made the sheets smell so good. When I first walked in my room at the farm, it was the special touches you put inside that made it such a pleasant home for me. When I came back to New York, I felt pretty horrible. I couldn't see what a creep I was until I had something to compare it to. I'd take my room at Montoose Farm over my penthouse in Manhattan any day of the week. I'll take the life you and my father helped me acquire over the one I was living before I was sent away."
"Daniel, you brought me joy. There're a lot of things that took place on the farm, but joy was never one of them."


∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



Francesco summoned Carl to his study.
“Is everything all set?”
“Yes, her room is ready. Are you sure you wouldn’t rather have her in the guest house?”
“She isn’t a guest. She’s family and she will be living here. If she doesn’t like it, then I’ll put her in the guest house. Rosie's quite a lovely woman who hasn’t been treated very fairly in life. I want to make sure she’s happy.”
“Very well. The barn, of course, isn’t finished for the horses, but Amos Cartwright, an exceptional horse trainer, has agreed to let them stay with him until we have shelter for the two.”
“That’s perfect. Thank you so much. You’re really going to like Rosie.” Francesco absolutely glowed.
“I think you already do, Sir.” Carl winked, smiled at his boss, and then quickly left the study.



∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



Rosie was beside herself when the plane started to descend. She was more than positive about an impending crash. But her fear turned into amazement when she saw the limo waiting for them. As they drove to the mansion, one thing was very clear to her; New York was not Prairie, Tennessee. The drive seemed to take forever, and Rosie wasn't used to traveling for so long. 
Daniel tried to comfort her and not bust out laughing at the same time. He knew that people were trying to get prepared for Thanksgiving and get a jump start on Christmas shopping, and that the traffic would be insane. 
Having never been exposed to the hustle and bustle of the busy city, Rosie became concerned. “Daniel, is there an accident up here?”
“No, it’s crazy all the time, especially during the holidays. When we leave the city the traffic will back off. My father’s estate's in the country. You’ll probably like it.”
“His estate…”
“Yep. Did you want to check on the horses?”
“That’s okay. I can wait until we’re out of the car to call.” Rosie folded her hands in her lap. She jumped frequently when horns suddenly blared next to them. Everyone seemed to be in a rush and no one had smiles on their faces. She couldn't imagine why people would want to spend their lives feeling rushed every day. Rosie tried to stay optimistic. Maybe New York had a softer side.
Daniel saw the concern on her face, and was hoping the bumper to bumper traffic wasn’t going to be her final impression of New York. His hopes were met when they left the traffic behind them and entered the beautiful area of Lexington, home of sprawling estates. Her face relaxed but only briefly.
“Why are we stopping?”
“We have to wait for the gates to open, and then we’ll drive through to my father’s house.”
“House? Daniel, this isn’t a house!”
“Welcome home, Rosie,” he smiled, as he wrapped his arm around her shoulders.
“Oh my Lord…”



Carl stepped outside the mansion and opened the door to assist Rosie out of the limo. “You must be the lovely Rosie. I’m Carl, the butler on the estate. If you need anything, there are several places throughout the mansion where you can ring for me. Come along and I’ll show you to your room.”
“Daniel, I didn't think I'd be staying in a mansion! Certainly there's a small room nearby—"
“Look over there. That’s the guest house, and as you can see it’s pretty huge. We’d be honored to have you stay with us.”
“But maybe your father wouldn’t like that. I’m practically a stranger!”
“If Carl said he was going to show you to your room, that means my father has already decided he wants you under the same roof.”
“I would like to see Francesco if it’s possible. I want to extend my appreciation and make arrangements to pay for my stay.”
He did what she requested and escorted her to his father’s study. You aren’t paying one dime for anything unless it’s to spoil yourself. 
Francesco quickly hung up the desk phone and stood as soon as he saw Daniel and Rosie enter the room.
“I’m so happy you’re home!” He approached both and gave them hugs. “Rosie, do you like your room? I can change it or anything inside of it. You just have to give me the word.”
“She hasn’t seen it yet.” Daniel was smiling because he was sure Rosie would be staying in one of the biggest and brightest rooms. He'd never seen his father show anything but respect towards women in his life, especially one he felt so fondly of. He could tell she was growing uncomfortable, but hoped she'd feel at home after a few days. His father treated everyone like family, and Rosie wouldn't be treated any differently.
“Are you sure you want me to live here? I honestly don't think I can afford it. I do want to offer you whatever I can, and as soon as I’m able, I’ll ask Daniel to take me to town and look for a job. That might not be too easy though, as all I’ve ever done is work a farm.” Rosie laughed, but felt completely awkward in her predicament and worn-out attire.
“You are under my roof because I want you here. You’re family, and the kindness you showed to my son, touched my heart so much. I hope you don’t mind, but Estelle will be your personal assistant here, and I’ve planned on a nice shopping trip for the both of you. Women love to shop, this I know! There isn’t anything you have to worry about other than what time of day you want to play with your horses…or shop!” Francesco let out a boisterous laugh.
“My horses! I have to check on them and make arrangements for boarding when they arrive.” Rosie let out a long sigh. She knew she didn’t have enough money to board them for longer than a couple of months. Maybe she should have stayed in Tennessee. Even if she rented a room from Beatrice, she was sure she could pay her way. No, I'd run out of money, and who would hire a woman my age? She felt embarrassed and had difficulty looking Francesco in the eyes.
Francesco lifted up her chin. “Your horses are in good hands. They will be staying with a trainer until I get their accommodations complete on my estate. You’re welcome to go visit them whenever you’d like. Rosie, I know this has been very difficult for you, but I'd like you to feel at home. Once you see your horses here, I think things will be easier to adjust to.”
“Here?”
“If you drove around you’d see a few homes with horses. Now mine will have some too!”
“Boarding with a trainer is expensive. I only have enough—“
“Your money is no good here, Rosie. You took care of my son, now I will take care of you.” He nodded at his butler.
Carl stepped forward and offered his arm to show Rosie her room. He hoped she wouldn’t trip and fall while gawking at all the beauty of the large mansion. He chuckled while he watched her mouth open in amazement.
“Carl, look at the ceiling! It’s painted, and the stained glass!”
“Yes, it’s all quite magnificent. I must tell you, though, that I live on the estate and have worked for Francesco for nearly thirty years.”
“He seems like such a sweetheart…”
“And he has said the same about you.” He noticed her blushing. It felt so wonderful having a lady in the house again. Perhaps now Francesco’s lonely days will be over, Carl thought as he led her up the stairs.



Daniel was about to go for a walk on the grounds when he heard footsteps behind him.
“Do you mind if I come with you?”
“No, Father, not at all. I’d enjoy your company.”
“You know how proud I am of you. You’ve become a great man in my eyes, and I've waited for so long to say those words. Many things have happened, and we haven't had much time to talk about what's been on my mind."
Daniel stopped and turned to face his father.
 I'm not getting any younger. I want to retire.”
“I think you should. You could do so many things.”
“I have the paperwork drawn up, and all you have to do is sign it. December twentieth of this year, I’ll officially retire, and the company will belong to you.”
“I’m very honored. Are you sure you want to give it to me?”
“Son, I planned on giving you the business all along. You’re everything I’ve ever dreamed of in a son. Now we just need to find you a nice woman so you can have a family. A wife makes you very strong, balanced, and centered.”
“The woman I want is gone. I overreacted and blew my chance with her. I don’t even know where she lives.”
“What's her name? I’m sure we can find her.”
“Her name’s Katherine O’Brian, not that that’s going to help us. There are thousands of them, and I just don’t know where to start. Besides, even if I did find her she wouldn’t see me.”
“I want you to return to the house with me. I have a couple of people I can call. All you have to do is answer some of their questions. It shouldn’t take them very long to locate her.”
“Before we go back, there're some things I'd like to say to you, also. I don’t know how to thank you for all you did for both myself and Rosie. You were completely amazing at the farm, and you came through. I want to ask for your permission to move back home. I was serious about the penthouse and car. I don’t want them. You can sell the furniture in it as well. Being a carefree, single guy was fun, but the price I paid wasn't worth it. Actually, everyone paid a price for the way I was acting, especially you. I would be ecstatic to wake up each morning under your roof. ”
“This is how family treats one another! If I was in trouble I’m positive you would throw yourself into the situation and try and fix it. So there’s no need to thank me. And I would love to have you back home. Move in as soon as possible, the quicker the better as far as I’m concerned, and regarding the penthouse and car, I’ll take care of it. I must admit, I can see how Rosie would have a great impact on anyone who had contact with her.”
“Father, I have respect for you now, and I'm sorry for taking you for granted all those years. I've always loved you more than anyone, but unfortunately, I got lost for a while.”
“Daniel, I need to ask you something…” Francesco cleared his throat and stopped his son from walking.
“What is it?
“Do you think I’m too old to meet someone? I’ve been alone since your mother died, God rest her soul, but I don’t want to live alone anymore. I think she would have wanted me to not be by myself.”
“I wish I had the chance to know my mother, but I'm sure you're right. I think you should find someone. Just be careful of who it is. You don’t want to end up with someone who just wants your money. It doesn’t feel very good.” 
“I don’t think she wants my money. I think money scares her.” Francesco looked at the ground and blushed.
“Okay, spill it. Who is this woman?” He let a smile spread across his face.
“Well…I was thinking that…maybe…well…” Francesco looked down at his feet. He never had trouble saying what was on his mind before. Then again, he'd never thought about another women besides Lillian.
“Just tell me. It’s okay with me and, as a matter of fact, I’d rather you be with someone than live alone.”  Daniel watched his father's face turn red.
“Rosie.”
“Rosie? You like Rosie?!”
“I know I just met her, but, Daniel, I’ve stared at her picture. I love the sound of her voice too! She’s so sweet and deserving of the finest things in life!” His hands became very animated while he spoke.
Daniel started to laugh, then jumped in the air and yelled victoriously.
“Why are you yelling?” Francesco looked around to see if anyone heard his son's boisterous voice.
“If I could pick out any woman who I’d want to look to as a mother, it'd be Rosie. You just made my day!” He reached over and patted his father on the back.
“Well, now we go inside and find yours, no? This Katherine must be one special lady.”
One pissed off lady, thought Daniel as he walked back with his father.


Chapter 9

Katherine O’Brian woke up in her small bed and grabbed the covers she'd kicked off during a fitful night of sleep. The tiny apartment was freezing. She couldn’t afford to turn the heat up any more than sixty degrees if she was going to save enough money to see her uncle for Thanksgiving. She let her eyes wander around the studio apartment until they ended up on the alarm clock. Shit! Jumping out of bed she grabbed an old pair of jeans, a sweatshirt, shoes, and jacket, and then headed out the door. She wouldn’t even have time to grab a coffee. Shit, shit, shit! This would be the third day in a row Katherine would miss her first class, and she feared she'd get kicked out of it for bad attendance. Now I’ll be even farther behind, and possibly have to pay to take it over again. Signing up for Economics at the crack of dawn was turning out to be a bad idea. At least she wouldn’t be missing her class in Fashion Design.
Stepping outside, the cold air blew right through her thin jacket, but buying new things for herself, especially a warmer coat, was completely out of the question. When she started to get too cold, she ran faster. Luckily there was room on the bus for her today, so she wasn't as late for class as she could have been. However, her next class was on the other side of campus, and she had to run as fast as she could to make it on time. She made it with one minute to spare today.
“You look hurried,” laughed Marty, her good friend in design class. 
“You have no idea. I haven’t been sleeping during the night much. When I do, I have horrible dreams and end up sleeping through my alarm. I don’t know what’s wrong with me.” Katherine let out a long sigh as she set down her backpack. She retrieved her latest sketches and a notebook as he leaned over to look at her drawings.
“Did you find a model yet?”
“I haven’t even looked. I don’t have any time, and I don’t like meeting strange men.”
“Well I’d be glad to do it if we were allowed to use each other in the show. I’m having my sister be my model. I made the most adorable outfit for her.”
“Maybe that's what’s causing me such stress. The show is in four weeks and I haven’t gotten past the sketch stage. I don’t even have the material picked out yet. God, I’m such a failure.”
“No, you just need a man. It works for me!” 
Katherine started laughing with her dear friend, but inside she was a complete wreck. Prairie Tennessee kept haunting her. Every time she thought about her uncle, she was too busy or it was too late at night to be calling him. When she'd finally gotten around to it, he wasn’t happy about where she was living, and that she was alone. But Katherine didn’t have a choice. Jacob decided to head to Indiana, and she wanted to stay in Michigan to finish her education. 
With the cost of everything in Ann Arbor, she couldn’t afford to stay on campus, and she either walked or rode her bike to school. If the weather was bad, Katherine was forced to ride the bus. She was grateful there was a bus stop close to her, but waiting for it to arrive could make her late, not to mention freezing to death while standing outside. Paying for a bus everyday could add up, and she carefully watched her pennies. Being able to get financial aid was a life saver and without it she couldn’t afford to go to school, but the cost of living was eating her alive. Katherine ran karaoke at a local bar on the weekends so that helped some, and at least allowed her to buy groceries, most of the time.
“Do you think I should put an ad up in the student center for a model?”
“How much are you willing to pay them?”  Marty knew it was an expense she couldn't take on. If he had extra money he'd gladly give it to her. 
“Not very much.” Katherine couldn’t afford to pay anyone. She fell short every month, no matter how many corners she cut, how many things she went without, she struggled. Luckily her landlord had been pretty patient about receiving the rent.
“You can try hanging a few flyers. But don’t give out your number. Make a separate email to list as your contact. There’s a weirdo around every corner.” Marty worried about Katherine when she walked to and from school. He felt she was safe on campus, but not in the rough neighborhood she lived in. He understood how expensive it was to live on campus. He was grateful his parents lived in Ann Arbor.
“Okay, I’ll make the email after class and put the flyers up. Hopefully within a week I’ll have my model. I just don’t understand why I can’t pick a female. I think it’s ridiculous.”
“Those are the rules. Guys have to have females and vice versa. It’ll be more of a challenge, but I think it’ll be good experience. I’m excited about the show!”
“If I was prepared, I’d be excited also. But seriously, I think I’ll end up finishing at the last second.”
Katherine headed over to the student center and, with her aged laptop, she made a new email. The sign was simple. “Need male model for fashion design and show!” Hopefully someone would respond soon. 
Her luck improved later that afternoon when she received ten responses to the flyer. But after reading them, she decided she wouldn’t pursue any of the applicants. Most of the emails were disgusting; one wanted to wear women’s clothing, a couple more wanted to know what she looked like. Maybe I wasn’t professional enough. Katherine decided she’d place an ad in the paper, list her name, her temporary email address, and make it more professional. Her entire grade depended on this fashion show. It would just be the students in her class who participated, and it would only take place on campus, but these shows were always well attended and advertised. Some of the students ended up getting jobs in fashion. I need a cute model who’ll appreciate us poor folk.
The next day, Katherine placed her ad in the local newspaper. She took great care in writing the advertisement, asked for photos of the applicants, and gave her full name and email address. If no one responded, she would either be forced to use one of the creeps who applied, or kidnap someone. She didn’t think kidnapping would be very valuable on a resume.
That evening she received two responses. Both looked quite promising, and she decided to meet with them one at a time in a local coffee shop.
“Wait, you want me to pay you five hundred dollars for walking down a campus catwalk? Seriously, you’re talking about a minute. Five hundred dollars a minute! You’ve got to be kidding me.” Katherine got up and walked out. I even paid for that bastard’s coffee!
The second applicant, after being told she’d be making the clothes he’d be modeling, didn’t even bother to show up. She had no more time to schedule interviews, and was angry about paying for airfare instead of a train just so she'd have more time to find a model. She pulled from her rent money, and hoped her landlord would understand, especially with it being the holiday. Her flight left in the morning for Tennessee, to see her uncle for Thanksgiving, and here she was, no better off. She was now almost broke, and would have to hurry back to start searching again. I should have just stayed in Prairie.
Marty agreed to keep an eye on her apartment for the holiday weekend. She was excited to fix a nice dinner for her uncle and spend time with him, but there would definitely be some sad memories waiting for her. 


∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



Boarding the plane at seven on Wednesday evening, Katherine began to feel uneasy. She didn’t mind flying, but what if John was still in Prairie? What if I walk into the bar and see him practically having sex with Emily on the dance floor? What would he do if he saw me? Cuss me out? Try to get me in bed? Could I resist him if he did? I almost lost it with him being that close to me. She knew that John Williams was bad news, and she needed to stay far away from him. Over time, Katherine had gotten good at resisting temptation, but she'd definitely fallen under his spell easily. The guys on campus had given her plenty of attention, and she could blame her ability to resist them on her strong will. But in reality, she knew the truth. She kept her mind on the one person she'd run from. 



Katherine’s uncle was busy so, of all people, Emily came to pick her up at the airport. I’m definitely starting out on a roll.
“Katherine! Over here! How are you, sweetie pie?” Emily’s loud squeal could be heard over anything.
“Hi, Emily, it’s good to see you again.” Instantly the visual of John’s hands on her ass were so real.
“Girl, the whole place is talking about you coming home. There’s a bunch of people waiting to see ya!”
“Like who?” Katherine was hoping to find out if John would be there and with her. If they're a couple, I'll lie down in the road.
“Oh, just all the locals! They’ve been missing that beautiful singin’ voice of yours!”
“So what have you been up to, Emily?” 
“Just workin’ and hanging around the house.”
“You mean some cute guy hasn’t snatched you up yet?” Stop it, Katherine!
“Nope, I haven’t had a boyfriend for about three years now. Ain’t much into commitment myself.`” Emily raised her eyebrows up and down.
“What about that really cute guy who was in town? He was living up at Montoose Farm. I thought you guys had a fling going.”
“He dropped me as quick as it started. I think he only did that to get you jealous. As soon as you walked out the door, he pushed me away and left. Kind of an inconsiderate bastard if I do say so myself.” Emily examined her bright pink press-on nails.
“Is he still in Prairie?”
“I’m not sure, I haven’t seen him around. And that’s just fine with me.” She got a disgusted look on her face, which sported thick makeup.
They drove to the bar, and when Katherine saw the lights and heard the music, she got a bit excited and worried at the same time. She took a deep breath and in she stepped.
“Katherine! Come here, baby!” Andy’s loud, boisterous voice made everyone stop what they were doing. Before she knew what was happening, she was being hugged, kissed, tapped, and picked up.
“Hello, everyone!” She was given a stool up by the bar, and Emily took off to put her apron back on.
“I’m so glad to see you, Uncle Andy.” Katherine leaned over the bar and pecked him on the cheek. “Have you been taking care of yourself?”
“Yep, I got a clean bill of health from the docs. How about you? Did ya find yourself a prince?”
She shook her head and smiled in response.
There isn’t a prince, they don’t exist. 
 “Uncle Andy, is that guy still around? The new one who was here some months back?”
“Oh that John Williams that got himself knocked out his first night here?” Andy started to laugh loudly.
“Yeah, him.”
“He stopped in here asking for you. He wanted to know where you were staying. But I didn’t have any information because you didn’t call me.”
“I’m sorry about that. I got so busy with work and school. But I’m here now!” She hated to keep bringing up the topic, but it would eat at her if she didn't know. “So, is he still around? He stayed at Montoose Farm.”
“Sam Montoose set the horse barn on fire out at that farm. He’s sitting in jail now, which I’m glad. I never liked that guy. He's a drunk just like his brother Albert was. I think Rosie Montoose lost the farm. I don’t know where she moved to. I haven’t seen John Williams since the day he asked about ya. Something was strange though.”
“What was strange?”
“Well, when I mentioned your cousin Jacob he appeared to be shocked.”
Oh my God! I never got the chance to explain to him! She could only imagine what John thought when he spotted the two of them together. But even if that display with Emily was just to make her jealous, she didn’t need a man who would stoop to that. She'd been so crushed over his accusations, she didn't want to subject herself to more cruel remarks back then.
“Can I use your truck for a few minutes Uncle Andy?”
“You just got here and now you want to take off?”
“If you want to eat tomorrow, you’ll give me your truck so I can go shopping.”
“That’s awfully sweet of you to fly in to make dinner for me, but because there’re a lot of people hurtin’ right now, we’re going to have a big spread in here. Everyone can bring a dish if they can, and we’re going to sit down as one big family. There’s no need in folks being alone for the holiday. There's a list over there with names and what they're bringing. Look it over and pick something that's not on it.”
“That’s so sweet!” She leaned back over the bar and kissed her uncle again.
“Here, catch the keys. The truck’s where it always is.” Andy winked at his niece as she walked out the door. 



Katherine slowed down when she turned onto Shenandoah Road. What if he’s there? But when she turned on her bright lights and got a clear view of the house, she could tell it was deserted. The barn was burned to the ground. The fear she felt brought her to tears. John’s room was back there! Oh God…She turned around as fast as she could and drove quickly back to town. She sat in the truck until her nerves calmed down some. When she felt composed enough, she walked into Clyde’s, bought the ingredients needed for pies, and then got the heck out of the store.
But her mind wasn’t on the pies, the feast, or anything other than finding out if John Williams was okay. After I find that out, I can let it go.



∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



Daniel sat on a sofa in his room at the mansion, wondering if the investigator who specialized in missing persons and background checks was getting any leads. Then it occurred to him. Tomorrow is Thanksgiving Day. Surely her uncle would have had contact by now. Reaching for his phone, he felt his chest begin to tighten. What if she’s there? What do I say?


∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



Katherine was asked to do some karaoke since there were so many people in the bar. It always got folks to drink more, and that made her uncle very happy. Once the crowd saw her walk over to the machines and turn them on, they went wild. Her strawberry blonde curls were a little untamed, as Katherine played with her hair when she was worried or nervous.
She picked out a beautiful love song, the same one she sang to John that night. She wasn’t sure if she could sing it ever again. But at least if she closed her eyes while she sang, she could picture his face and pretend he's okay. Katherine started to sing with every ounce of her soul. But in her mind, all she saw was John dancing slowly and groping Emily. She kept her eyes open for the rest of the song.



∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



Daniel dialed the number. 
“Thanks for calling The Corral, Andy speaking.”
He heard loud music in the background. It certainly wasn’t the jukebox. Daniel would recognize that voice anyplace. He closed his eyes so tightly they were hurting him.
“Hello?”
He hung up the phone and sprinted through the mansion. 
“Carl, where’s my father?”
“He’s retired for the evening.”
“Call for the jet! I have to get to Tennessee."
"Daniel, the jet—"
"Tell my father when he wakes up for me, and please, hurry! Don't worry about calling for a car. I’ll drive myself to the plane.” Daniel was running as fast as he could down the steps, while yelling over his shoulder. He pressed the button that opened the gates, and ignored Carl who was trying to engage him in conversation. There was no time.
He bolted out the door and climbed in the Lamborghini. This was the first time, in what seemed like ages, he was grateful for the car. Squealing his tires, he fled his father’s estate. Driving fast, and even recklessly at times, Daniel knew he had to get to Prairie while she was still there. But all he did was hurry quickly, just to find himself waiting for the jet. He dug his cell phone out of his pocket and saw missed calls from the mansion.
“Carl, where’s the jet?!”
“I tried to stop you, Daniel. It's getting some maintenance done this weekend. It won’t be available until Monday. Your father cleared it, because we didn’t expect anyone to travel this weekend. It’s a holiday.”
“I’ve got to catch another plane then! I’m going to the main airport.”
Daniel drove quickly to the airport, not even caring that his car would be parked in a regular lot. He bolted toward the ticket counter as soon as he stepped inside. There were people everywhere, and the last thing he needed was to have to wait in line. After forty-five minutes of waiting through the long line, it was finally his turn.
“I need a flight to Nashville, Tennessee.”
“I’m sorry, Sir, all the flights have been booked. It happens on holiday weekends. I can get you on a plane this Monday.”
“No! I need one tonight!” Daniel felt his blood pressure rising.
“I can put you on standby, but I wouldn’t hold my breath.” The young blonde woman laughed and winked. Daniel wanted to shake her.
“Thanks anyway.” He walked slowly back to his car, feeling totally defeated. She was right at the tip of my fingers! Damn!


Chapter 10


Rosie waltzed into the kitchen at five in the morning and began preparing the turkey and getting the stuffing, casseroles, and the rest of the meal prepared. There was always a lot of work to be done to make a Thanksgiving dinner special, and she made sure to start early enough to make things perfect for everyone. 
Francesco answered his phone at five-fifteen in the morning. The phone ringing at that hour scared him to the core. 
“Francesco, I’m so sorry to wake you,” said a sheepish Carl.
“What’s the matter?! Is Daniel okay?”
“There is a kitchen problem, Sir. I thought maybe you should handle this one.”
“You’re calling to wake me up at this hour to tell me about a problem in the kitchen?” Francesco's voice was getting loud.
“It’s Rosie.”
“What are you talking about? Is she okay?!”
“Sir, Rosie has gone into the kitchen and insists on cooking Thanksgiving dinner. She said that the chef's recipes were, and I quote her, Sir, ‘God awful.’”
“Carl, if she wants to prepare the meal, let her. Tell the staff to answer to her and be her assistants today.” Francesco was feeling warmth in his heart.
“The chef is very angry. He’s threatening to walk out.”
“He’ll be in love with her by the time dinner is served.”
“Okay, thank you.” Carl hung up the phone and hurried to the kitchen.
Francesco never laughed so hard in his life. He decided he loved a woman with spunk!



∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



Katherine heard her door open up on Thursday morning while she stood in the little kitchen making pies.
“Happy Thanksgiving, sweetheart!”
“Happy Thanksgiving to you too, Uncle Andy.” She turned around and gave him a big hug.
“This place smells heavenly!”
“Good, I hope they taste like they smell.” Smell. John’s smell. What a bastard. I shouldn’t have said I was sorry for calling him a pig. Even though the thoughts of John and Emily haunted her mind, she couldn’t help herself. Being angry at him was an easy way out, but she'd never forgive herself for not even trying to find out what happened to him. She needed as much information as she could get so she wouldn’t dwell on him and could enjoy her holiday with her uncle and friends. “Can I ask you something about that fire at Montoose Farm?”
“Sure, but I don’t know too much information.”
“Did anyone die?”
“I don’t think anyone died, but I could be wrong about that. Seems a man was the one who got the horses out of the barn. The fire happened in the middle of the night, so I’m guessing, whoever it was, lived there. We’re planning on dinner around two. Do you think you’ll be finished up in time?” Katherine’s interest in John Williams didn’t escape Andy. She’d never been this curious about a man.
“Yeah, that shouldn’t be a problem. Hopefully they’ll be nice and warm when they’re served.” Katherine gave her uncle another hug before he turned and walked out the door. 
She immediately went to her bed and began to do a search on the little laptop as soon as the door closed. The article didn’t mention that anyone had died. Thank God. Now to find John Williams in New York… Wait, why are you looking for him? 
But she did anyway, and the list was huge. With eyes full of sadness, she returned to the pies. He probably hates me as much as I hate him, especially because I left town without a word. If she hadn’t been so livid at his behavior with Emily, and for punching her cousin, she would have explained things. If only…



∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



The wonderful smells coming from the kitchen at the mansion should have made Daniel anxious to eat, but he wasn't looking forward to this day, one that was normally celebrated by loved ones. Spending Thanksgiving in bed had definitely crossed his mind. The yelling woke him up early, and he could tell that Rosie was right smack in the middle of it, but he'd seen that woman hold her own plenty of times. He stayed in his room until Carl told him it was time to eat. He should be on a plane, or driving to Tennessee, but didn't know if Katherine was still there. He doubted she'd want him to interrupt her time with her uncle and friends, and couldn't risk doing anything to make her hate him more. Besides, his father would be very disappointed in him for ruining a family dinner, especially one that Rosie had worked so hard on. It'd been a long time since he'd sat through a meal with his father, without hurrying, or being an ass, just so he could hook up with a woman, or party until wee hours. He also couldn't hurt Rosie's feelings.
Besides cooking the fabulous dinner, Rosie insisted on serving it also and had even talked Francesco into carving the turkey. She hugged all the kitchen staff before she left, and once again there was peace.
“Rosie, I haven’t done this in so many years! You sure you want me to cut this bird?”
“You’ll do a wonderful job.” She smiled at the older, attractive man, who was wearing a childlike expression on his face.
“Then carve it I shall!” Francesco was so happy as the three of them sat down for their first Thanksgiving meal together. He said grace, then quickly dug in. “Oh mio Dio! This is delicious, Rosie. This is the best food I have ever tasted!” He reached over and squeezed her hand.
“Yes, Rosie, you sure know how to cook a mean Thanksgiving dinner!” Daniel had no appetite, but forced himself to eat so Rosie wouldn't be offended. The last thing he wanted to do was bring everyone else down with him. He smiled at his father, then at Rosie. He couldn’t help but look at the empty chair beside of him. Katherine could have been sitting here with us if I hadn't been such an ignorant fool…
“This was the best way I could find to show my thanks for everything the both of you have done. Not only for me, but also for my horses.”
“Did you see the horses yet? They’re at the trainer’s now.” Daniel could see she was on the brink of tears.
“I’m going to see them tomorrow. I'm very excited to go and, Daniel, I bet they’d like to see you also. Would you like to go with me?”
“Sure, I would love to.” What he really wanted to do was take off to find Katherine tomorrow. If she told her uncle the crap I pulled, he wouldn't let me step foot inside the bar, let alone go near her.
“Francesco, do you like horses?” 
“I love horses. I’m really excited to have them here!” He certainly wasn’t kidding. He'd been hounding the guys setting up the horse area, every single day. They were close to being finished, which was adding to his excitement. He avoided giving Rosie a tour of the mansion and grounds because of that very reason. The old man loved to give surprises.
“Would you like to go with us?” She was hoping he’d say yes. There was something about this proud man that made her feel good inside. He was kind, loving, and not once had he raised his voice to her. She'd never lived this way with Albert. After their first year of marriage, all hell broke loose. He'd always been a drinker, but she had no idea he began gambling almost immediately.
“Of course! Maybe we can stay there and visit them for a while. I would like that very much.” Francesco was so touched that she thought to ask him. He couldn't wait to meet these two animals she's loved like children. He felt honored.
“I’m getting up early and going shopping with Estelle. Then we can head over to the trainer's place after lunch. Is that a good time?” 
“Any time I get to spend with you and my son is a good time.” Francesco blushed after Rosie gave him a bashful smile.



∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



“Katherine, are you going to eat this food or shove it around your plate?” asked her uncle as he crammed more turkey in his mouth.
“I ate so much! I’m just getting full now.” She tried to give her best smile.
“Bullshit. This is the same plate of food you started with. Eat it.” Her uncle looked at her through serious eyes. She knew she wasn’t going to win. Slowly, she lifted her fork. He felt like a fifty-pound weight.
She managed to make it through the loud, busy dinner. Thankfully the rest of the weekend was quiet. Katherine did a couple of Karaoke nights, but other than that she tried to catch up on some much needed sleep, but fitful dreams awoke her frequently. Mostly she dreamt of John burning in a fire and her not being able to save him. 
On Sunday evening, she boarded her flight to go back to her little, freezing apartment. She couldn't wait to get out of Prairie. Maybe if she had her mind focused on school, her nerves would calm. But this was the last week she had to find a model, and it brought her a whole new set of worries. She was way behind, and thought for sure she'd be actively making clothes model by now. It was stupid of her to assume she'd be ready. Katherine signed up for the sewing room early in the semester to ensure she'd have the time to sew the clothes. Now she avoided that room at all cost, knowing there was nothing to make.
That evening she checked her emails. No one responded to the ad she'd placed before she left for Prairie. That’s what I get for advertising through a holiday weekend. Hopefully someone will reply. Katherine didn’t have the money to waste on another week of ads. By then it would be too late to find a model anyway. She’d just have to retake the class, which would put her graduation date off by a year. The course was only offered in the fall. My life sucks.



∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



Rosie went with Estelle to the stores in Manhattan at nine o’clock sharp. She looked at her checkbook balance in the limo and promised herself she would only buy one or two things that she needed. When she was able to find work, she could save up and buy more. 
The limo let the two women out on the busy streets of 5th Avenue, and Rosie quickly eyed the store fronts.
“Estelle,” she whispered as she clutched her checkbook.
“Yes?”
“I don’t have enough money to shop in these stores!”
“Yes you do.” Estelle winked. “You aren’t paying for anything, and Mr. Giordano made that very clear. Just enjoy the day, Rosie. From what I hear, you are more than deserving of being spoiled. If we don’t return to the mansion with a bunch of things for you, I will lose my job.” Estelle made a fake sad face.
“Oh my! I don’t want you to lose your job! Is he really like that? I wouldn’t have thought so. He seems like such a sweet man…” 
“I'm teasing. He'd never threaten such a thing. He’s the sweetest man in the world, and also very wealthy. He wants to take care of you. If I were you I’d let him. You’re the only woman he has had any interest in since the death of his wife Lillian. If this makes him happy, then let him do it. He isn’t harming anyone, and besides, we're going to have lots of fun!”
“Do you get to buy anything?” Rosie was feeling guilty.
“We both do. So let’s shop! You will never meet a better person than Francesco Giordano.”
“Estelle, I believe you’re right about that.” Rosie felt like a princess for the first time in her life.
The first store they entered, Rosie’s jaw dropped. “Do they sell jeans in here? If not, I’m sure there’s a Kmart or something around. They’re all over the place down in Nashville. A new pair shouldn’t cost more than twenty bucks. Sometimes you can find them much cheaper if there’s a good sale going on. That'll save some money."
"I don't know who wants to spoil you more, Francesco or myself?" She kissed Rosie on the cheek.

 

∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



Daniel met with his father to arrange the sale of the Lamborghini and the penthouse. After looking at vehicles he settled on a large Ford pickup. Even though it wasn’t the best gas mileage, he would need a big vehicle if he had to tow a horse trailer for Rosie. Francesco voiced his approval and added that he was proud of him for thinking of others instead of himself.
Finding clothes, however, was a different matter. Daniel was used to having his tailor stop by and take care of his wardrobe additions, but he no longer felt the need to use clothes to impress people. He looked online and found some good, comfortable jeans, sweater, and t-shirts, and of course, a pair of new work boots. He'd save his custom suits for business meetings, but going outside dressed to the nines at all times was a thing of the past.
Francesco walked in the room just as Daniel was finishing up on the computer with a concerned look on his face. “What should we do with the farm? Rosie doesn’t want anything to do with it. It seems she had many painful memories of that place. Do you want it?”
“If things were different I would. But I can’t find it in my heart to own something that put Rosie through so much. I think it’s something she needs to remove herself from and bury in the past. We might be able to find a use for it though, so hang onto it for a bit. I’ve been bouncing an idea around, like putting up some nice, clean apartments for people would be wonderful. There are a lot of folks who lost their farms and homes, and that horrible place that Beatrice runs isn’t suitable for anyone.”
“I think that’s wise. I’ll definitely look into doing something like that. I’ll keep ownership in case Rosie changes her mind one day. She should be part of any decision we do that involves the farm. It may even be a fun project for her that could help heal some old wounds. Did you see her today?”
“No, I don’t think she’s back from shopping. When she arrives we’ll go see the horses.” Daniel couldn’t hide the excitement he felt. The horses had spent many hours listening to his secrets, hearing him rant, and seeing him many weeks in a row full of nothing but despair, and didn't complain once. He was very happy to see them again.
“You like those horses, no?” Francesco smiled.
“I love them. I spent so much time with the two girls it wasn’t funny. I would sit in the barn for hours just talking to them. I think they changed me as much as Rosie and the work on the farm did. They’re beautiful, Father, and I know you’ll fall in love with them.”
“Rosie Lynn Montoose. Who wouldn’t fall in love with her?”
"I was talking about the horses, but yes, you’re correct too.” He quickly turned away.
“Oh. Yes, well, I meant the horses…” Francesco put his best business face on. “And by the way, while you’re grinning from ear to ear, stop by the study and sign the documents, they’re sitting on the desk, Daniel.” He quickly turned around, not being used to making such blunders.
“You did not! You weren’t talking about the horses. Seriously, you should ask Rosie out on a date. And don’t be changing the topic to business! You’re a great looking man. Just ask her out.”
Francesco stopped and turned to face his son again. “Me? I wouldn’t know how. Besides, if she said no I’d put my head in the sand.”
“Ask her.”
“Daniel…”
“Tonight. I’m not going to the stable with you two. I want you to go alone with Rosie. Then you ask her.”
“I don’t know--”
“Okay, let me know how it goes!” Daniel smiled and winked at his father. After stopping by the study, he signed the papers that had been prepared for him, and left them on the desk. He walked upstairs and returned to his room. It felt strange to him to be happy for his father’s retirement and his possible future with Rosie. That's not how he would have acted in the past. The old Daniel would have been on cloud nine for all the money he’d have access to. He stretched out on his bed to try and nap, hoping to shut his mind off. He was sure Katherine had left Prairie and was home by now. Wherever the hell that is. He didn’t dare call the bar again. That would be three hang up calls on his part. His thoughts were interrupted by a knock at his door. 
“Your father received a phone call. He would like to discuss the matter with you in his study.”
“Thank you, Carl.” Daniel walked down the long staircase and went inside his father’s office.
“Daniel, have a seat. I just heard from the investigator. They have found Katherine. There is a girl by that name who fits the profile description living in Michigan. I think you should fly there. Maybe it’s her, maybe it isn’t, but this Katherine O'Brian is attending the University of Michigan and is living in that vicinity. She stays in a small apartment, and I was told the neighborhood isn’t very safe in her area. You’ll have to just find her on campus. Promise me, Daniel, that you’ll stay clear of that apartment. If you can't, I'll either come with you or send security.”
“I'll do my best. Is the jet done with maintenance?” 
“Yes, and I’m sorry about not having it available for you over the weekend.”
“It’s fine. I'll get packed and leave as soon as it’s fueled and ready to go if it's alright with you.”
“Are you sure you don't want me to accompany you?”
“No, I think it's something I need to do on my own. Besides, you have a woman to ask out on a date!” Daniel gave his father the biggest smile he could, but his father still looked very concerned. "I'll be fine. I made it by myself in Tennessee, so you can rely on me having a good head on my shoulders. If I feel like I'll be in danger, I won't risk it."
“Take this file I’m preparing. The fax is just coming in, so hold on for a second.” Francesco picked up the sheet with a photograph. “Is this your Katherine?”
Daniel studied the pictures. The strawberry blonde curls, the green eyes
“Yes...”
“She’s a beautiful woman. Go talk to her. When she meets the man standing before me, not the man that you were, she’ll fall in love with you.”
Daniel nodded and left the study. He packed a bag and included some suits, just in case he got to take Katherine to an expensive restaurant. He didn’t have much else to wear. His order would take a week or so to arrive, but in the meantime, he could pick up a few things when he reached Michigan. Hopefully she wouldn’t slap his face for lying about who he was. Hopefully she wouldn’t one-round him for his behavior with Emily and all of his cruel accusations. Hopefully she’ll see a changed man.


Chapter 11




Marty stared at Katherine's troubled expression. 
“No takers yet?”
“This is so horrible! What am I going to do?”
“Just have faith, Katherine. Something good will come through.”
“How about you keep up the faith for both of us, because I certainly can’t. After the trip to Tennessee, I have sixty-five dollars left. I can’t afford to pay anyone, and if my landlord doesn’t give me a little bit of extra time to fork over rent, I’m screwed.”
“I’d give you a loan, but I spent all my extra cash on material for my sister’s dress.”
“Marty, you’re such a sweetheart. But I wouldn’t take your money. On the positive side, maybe I'll get lucky and find a model tonight." She knows she sounded a lot more hopeful than she probably looked. Her biggest fear was calling her uncle for money just to arrive back to Prairie with her tail between her legs. She'd starve before she let that happen. She was kicking herself for spending money she didn't have on a plane ticket.



∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



It was nine at night when Daniel found a hotel room in Ann Arbor. It looked like a typical college town, but he was hungry to learn as much as he could about this place. He rented a Jeep at the airport because the weather was calling for snow, and drove around for a while looking at the city, looking for Katherine. He was desperate. He found a little coffee shop and picked a table that had a newspaper on it. 
I wonder if she’s still doing karaoke out here. The thought of her having to fend off drunken men in a bar was making him angry. Maybe she's being protected by a boyfriend. As beautiful as Katherine is, she could easily attract men. God, what if she's happily involved with someone else? He quickly pushed that fear from his mind.
He began thumbing through the local paper. Every time the bell chimed on the door, signaling that someone had walked into the coffee shop, he immediately looked up. Just when he was about to put the paper down after reaching the classified section, he saw it. A male model was needed and the applicant had to contact Katherine O’Brian. His hands began to shake. With his phone, he answered the ad via email and used his real name. She wouldn’t know who he was. Daniel went back to his hotel room and waited nervously. 
He was grateful to receive such a quick response. They agreed to meet in the little coffee shop. She must live close to here! He immediately responded and said he could meet with her later this evening and that it wouldn't be too late. Daniel was a complete wreck. He made sure he was dressed to the nines. If she’s looking for a model, then I better play the part. Feeling satisfied with the way he looked, he headed out the door. He practiced over and over in his head what he'd say to her, but he knew when the time came, his tongue would tie in knots.



Katherine was exhausted. She had no choice but to meet this guy. He said he didn’t have any photos of himself and the camera on his phone was broken. But he’d agreed to model for free. Please, please, please be the one! She slipped on a pair of clean black slacks, a blue sweater, and her faux leather jacket that she found at the resale shop. It wasn’t even warm but it was the best she had. In the strong, cold wind, she quickly made her way to the coffee shop, even running part of the way. The temperature was frigid, and the neighborhood wasn't exactly safe. She sat down at a table and looked around. All she saw was a man staring at her from inside a vehicle. He was making her feel uneasy.
Daniel watched her go in the coffee shop and look around. She picked a little table in the middle for safety. Good girl, Katherine. Climbing out of the Jeep, he pulled the collar up on his wool coat, kept his face down, and walked in.
Katherine stared at the man as he walked towards her. She wasn't sure if she knew him or not, but his height, the way he walked, gave her a familiar feeling. Why is he covering up his face like that?
Daniel put his collar back down and looked in her eyes. He had to try and hide his nervousness. He was petrified that she'd take off without a word. “Hi, Katherine, it’s really good to see you again. May I sit down?”
“You moved to Ann Arbor?!” Oh my God. She wanted to hit him. Her heart began to pound.
He tried to sound confident, but knew he was making the hole he was in, even bigger. “No, not quite. It’s a long story and I’d like the chance to explain everything--”
“I don’t have time for this, John, I’m waiting for someone.” She was blinking back tears, which is what happens to her when she gets enraged. 
“You’re waiting for Daniel Giordano.” 
“Wait, how do you know that?” She quickly began buttoning her coat, but her fingers were shaking too badly. The man behind the coffee counter had walked to the back. She was alone with him. 
“I’m Daniel Giordano.”
“That’s your real name?” She tried to keep her voice calm, not believing him for a second. If he was as crazy as she thought, and if she made him angry, he'd chase her down if she tried to run.
“Yes, and I’m sorry I never told you the truth.” Daniel looked down at the ground feeling ashamed. It's pretty bad when you're a grown man and your father has to send you away and yank your real name from you, just to make you grow up.
“Oh I see, so the nice things you said to me to get me into your bed were backed with a fake name so you could leave town and not be found! You son of a bitch!” Katherine got up and ran to the door. She flung it open and the cold wind hit her in the face as hard as Daniel’s words.
“Katherine, stop! Please!”
Out of breath, she reached her apartment door. Her hands were shaking so badly, it took all she had just to hold the key. Aiming it at the keyhole was a different matter. She dropped it twice.
“Please, let me at least talk to you.”
Katherine felt she would vomit from the sound of his voice. Her blood had rushed to her neck and face. She could feel her heart pounding. Thoughts of him being so sincere in the meadow, I won't hurt you and trust me when all along he was nothing but a liar. Visions of her cousin lying on the ground with a bloody face, and his accusations...he basically called me a money seeking whore. He was nothing but a liar! I spilled my guts to him and he pretended to care. Oh my God! She willed herself to run faster. Her heart was ready to explode.
“There’s nothing to say. I don’t even know you!” More tears began to fall from her eyes. She'd actually started to care for this guy. How could I have been so stupid?!
“You do!” he yelled desperately. He had to explain everything. This can't be how this ends.
Finally she unlocked the door and ran inside. Daniel got past the door and into the apartment before she could stop him. She picked up the phone to dial 9-1-1.
“Do I have to call the cops, Mr. Whoeverthehellyouare?” she yelled frantically.
“Look, I’ll even stand right here at the door, and I’ll open it back up and leave it that way. I want to talk to you for fifteen minutes. That’s all I ask,” Daniel begged.
“Then you’ll leave?” Katherine was livid and breathing hard.
“Then I’ll turn around and walk away. You’ll never hear from me again.” The thought of having to permanently walk out of her life was almost crippling him with pain.
“Okay, start talking. If you even come near me I’ll beat your ass.”
“Katherine, I was a jerk. I grew up being an immature jackass with a lot of money. My father sent me away to teach me how to become a grown up, and thank God he did. He changed my identity and sent me from a luxurious penthouse in New York where I drove an expensive sports car, to Prairie Tennessee, where a beat up pickup and a handful of twenties waited for me. I had to shovel horse shit for a living. I wanted to tell you who I was, but I was forbid me to disclose my true identity. I had to prove to him that I could make it on my own and learn some things about life. If I had failed, I would have lost the family business. I would have lost all his respect and that would have been incredibly painful for me.”
Katherine wanted to believe him. The way he said it sounded true, but her mind wasn't going risk being deceived again. One thing she'd learned, was that trusting a man got her hurt. She was also hurt and angry.
“So, how did Emily play into this? Was she a lesson too?" Katherine reached up and wiped tears off her face. "You’re such a player.”
“Like I said, I was an immature jackass.” He wasn't even tempted to make excuses for that stunt he pulled.
“Say that again…” She wanted him to pay for everything he'd done to hurt her.
“I was an immature jackass. But I’m not anymore. Yes, I used women for sex. I wanted no commitment. I had no feelings for any of them and I didn’t even know their last names. You were correct in calling me a pig that day.” He lowered his face while his cheeks burned red. 
“How am I supposed to believe you?” She wanted an answer. She wanted an answer that would prove to her she'd be safe if she believed him.
“Spend some time with me, let me be your model and get to know me," he began while he looked her in the eyes. "I don’t want you staying here, Katherine, it’s not safe. I’ll rent you a room close to campus or on campus. I’ll buy you a car. I hate the fact that you’re running around this town. I’m afraid you’re going to get hurt.”
“My apartment isn’t safe? It’s funny, because this neighborhood has hurt me a lot less than you have!” Tears began to flow again. She didn't bother to wipe them away. Katherine needed him to see how much pain he'd caused her.
“If you want, I’ll take you on a plane and you can come and meet my family,” he softly said, trying to calm her down some.
“Seriously? You think I’d just pick up and leave with you? Oh my God, you’re crazy!" Did he really think I'd cave in to his soft voice, and puppy dog eyes? He must still think I'm some gullible girl from the boonies!
“Look me up on the internet then. Look up my father, our business, our address,” pleaded Daniel. He was getting desperate and his voice was showing it.
“Your fifteen minutes are up. Get out.” She demanded and pointed to the door.
“Here’s my cell phone number, and I’m staying a few blocks down. Call if you want me to help you. If I don’t hear back, I’ll know you want me gone. Take care, Katherine.” Daniel walked out the door and closed it quietly behind him.
She ran to the door and pressed her palms against it. She didn’t know what to think, as part of her wanted to smack him, the other part wanted to believe him. He certainly dressed like he was wealthy. Having money doesn’t mean you don’t suck as a person. She was startled from her thoughts when her phone rang.
“When do you plan on paying rent? It was due two days ago.” 
“Carmen, I’m really sorry. I work this weekend, so I can pay you when they pay me. Is there any way you can wait?”
“How quickly can you move? I have a long list of students who can pay for the room. You’ve been habitually late with every payment.”
“Carmen, please?!”
“I’m sorry, Katherine, but I’d appreciate you vacating so I don’t have to take legal action to have you evicted.”
Her heart sank as she listened to the dial tone. Knowing there was no way she could get to Tennessee, no way to contact her cousin Jacob, and no way she'd be able to survive a week on the streets before her next paycheck, she slumped to the floor and burst into tears. Her dreams were shattered. 

∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



Katherine stared at Marty through swollen eyes. 
“What happened to you?” he asked as he touched her cheek.
“I’m dropping out, I don’t have a choice. I just stopped by to say goodbye to you.” The tears, once again, spilled over.
“No! Don’t drop out, okay? We can figure something out. I’ll find a way to get some extra money and I can give it to you.”
“I have to go pack up my things and move out of my apartment. I can’t make rent and I can’t afford a ticket back to Tennessee. I can’t do a damn thing!”
“Katherine, call your uncle.”
“My uncle is barely making ends meet. I won’t call him.” She felt absolutely defeated.
“Do you know anyone with money? A long lost relative, perhaps?”
“I’ll keep in touch, Marty. I love you.” Katherine gave her friend a kiss on the cheek and a strong hug. She hurried and walked away before he could protest. She picked up two empty boxes in the administration office after dropping her classes and carried them back to her apartment.



∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



Daniel had sat in the coffee shop, checking his phone every two minutes to make sure it was on. Please call me! After an hour, he got up to walk around the campus. Maybe he’d get lucky and find her. He turned around and looked back as a screeching bus came to a stop. He saw Katherine struggling to carry a suitcase and two boxes. The driver looked angry and appeared to be stopping her from boarding as he pointed toward the street and shook his head.
“Look, I have to get on this bus!” Katherine sat her things down as the driver shook his head and started moving forward. She would try to at least make it to a shelter, but she was quite aware that there was a waiting list, and women with young children got first dibs. The shelter was more than ten miles away. She began to cry and sat down on the cold ground, not carrying one bit if she ever got up again. Who was she kidding? There was no way to escape her past. Before she could sink any lower, she suddenly felt two strong arms around her, lifting her to her feet.
Without thinking, Daniel pulled her into his chest while Katherine wept. The wind was freezing, and he wanted more than anything to get her into a warm, safe place. There was no way in hell he'd leave her sitting on the cold ground, no matter how mad she got at him.
“Daniel—“
“You’re coming with me. Whatever's happening, you can tell me and I’ll make it better.” His heart was breaking. She looked so strong back inside her apartment, but now she seemed as lost as a child.
“Nothing can make this better!” Katherine could hardly get the words out. Her dreams were shattered.
He led her to his Jeep, put her boxes and suitcase in the back, buckled her seatbelt for her, and then climbed into the driver's seat.
“Why are we here? I’m not going to sleep with you!” Her anger was returned immediately.
“Katherine, I'm not planning on seducing you in a jeep. I just want to take you somewhere warm, and get you a nice, hot cup of coffee. You need to put some warm food in your stomach, then we’re going to talk.” 
He was really concerned when, without another word, she leaned her head against the cold window and let him find a parking spot in peace while he drove.
He found a spot in the parking structure near his hotel, then gathered Katherine’s belongings and led her down the block and through the lobby.
“Sir, you are paying for a single occupancy,” said the manager.
“Then charge me for two.” Daniel wasn’t in the mood for his petty behavior. He saw the guy eyeing Katherine up and down like she was a prostitute. 
 “How long do you plan on having this…woman stay with you?” The manager was sure the rich man had found himself a companion for the hour. He wasn’t running that kind of establishment.
“If this place was for sale, I’d buy it just to fire your ass. I’ll settle the bill when we leave.”
The guy looked at Daniel, but spoke not another word.



When they reached Daniel's suite, he set Katherine’s things in the corner and picked up the phone to order room service. He didn’t know what she liked or wanted, so he ordered many things. By the look on her face, she didn’t know much of anything. She looked absolutely numb and lost. 
“Katherine, let me take your jacket. These blankets will be warmer. If you’d like, you can take a hot shower or bath.”
“Really? That’s the first thing you can come up with?” She angrily got up and headed for her belongings. 
“Look, it’s obvious you’re in some kind of bad situation. All I want to do is help you. If you’d like, I'll get you a room of your own. If you’d prefer a house, I can get you one of those.”
“Wait, you’d get me my own room?” Why would he want me in a different room if his intentions were to get me in his bed? She wanted to lower her defenses some, but she still didn't trust him.
“On whatever floor you want if there’s a vacancy.” He'd do whatever he could to make her feel safe with him.
“I’ll be honest with you. My choices are living on the street, or living on the street. I don’t feel comfortable staying in a room with you. If you can get me a room I’d appreciate it, and in due time I’ll pay you back. If you need the money now, then I’ll be on my way. I’m down to fifty bucks.”
Daniel picked up the phone and rented another suite. It was located around the corner at the opposite end of the corridor. He also told them to provide her with anything she wanted and that all bills were to go to him.
“There, it’s all settled. I’ll run and grab the key at the desk and you can wait right here.”
Daniel went outside the room. As soon as Katherine heard the elevator ding, she went digging. How did he find me? Opening his briefcase, she stood shocked when she saw a picture of herself crossing the street on campus. What the hell?! That creep had me followed? Oh my God! Every detail of her existence was written neatly on three pages. Run!
As quickly as she could, she grabbed her boxes and suitcase and headed out of the suite and ran to the elevator. Come on, come on, come on!
The doors opened and Daniel stepped out and looked down at her. She was breathing hard, her eyes were wide, and she was shaking. “Katherine, what’s wrong?” Daniel was afraid that something had happened to her while he was gone.
“You had me followed?! What kind of a freak are you? Stalker!” She was ready to drop her things and hit him if she had to.
Daniel tried to remain calm while she screamed at him again. He didn't blame her. If he was in her shoes, he'd do more than yell. “I had an investigator look for you. Do you know how hard I tried to find you? I tried to get to Tennessee on Thanksgiving but I wasn’t able to get there. I looked you up online and there were too many women with your name. If you would feel more comfortable, I’ll call you a cab to take you to the police station and we can talk there. I don’t care where it is. I just want to talk to you.”
“We can talk in the lobby of the hotel to get this over with. If you even do one thing out of line, I’ll scream. You got it?” She stared at him for a few extra seconds to make sure he got the point. 
“Deal,” said Daniel. “I’ll do whatever you want me to do. Here, let me carry your things,” he said gently. He didn't want to frighten her any more than what she already was.
“Fine, let’s go. I can't wait to hear what kind of crap you come up with.” Katherine started to walk to the elevator. He stayed outside in the hall.
“Are you coming or what?” She spat.
“I don’t want you to feel like you’re in harm’s way. I’ll take the next elevator. Just don’t run off on me.”
Without saying a word, Katherine hit the down button, then walked in the lobby and sat on one of the sofas. She was ready for this day to be over with. I'll let him say what he needs to say, then leave. I've had it.
He stepped out of the elevator and approached Katherine, who sat glaring at him with her arms crossed in front of her.
“I’ll be right back.” He walked over to the desk and asked that all the food from room service he ordered be delivered down to the lobby instead. Regardless of how angry she got at him, he would make sure she had food in her stomach. 
“Katherine, why are you leaving town?” He calmly asked as he sat in the chair that was facing her.
“Look, I ran out of money, I couldn’t find a model, and I couldn’t pay rent. I got thrown out today and I had to quit school. Why do you care?” She slowly shook her head and looked at the ground. It felt horrible to say all this out loud. Saying it Marty had been painful enough.
“If I didn’t care, I wouldn’t have flown out here, and I wouldn’t have gone to such extremes to find you.”
Room service arrived with two carts. Daniel moved the coffee table between them. “Thank you, that’ll be all,” he said as he gave the two young men a nice tip.
Katherine’s eyes lit up as the plates were uncovered. Prime rib, turkey, two kinds of salad, steamed vegetables, potatoes, and all the works. 
“If you’d like something different, let me know and I’ll order it for you,” he said as he lifted a plate for her and filled it with some of everything. 
In his entire life, he'd never seen a woman eat like she was eating. She saw him watching her and slowed down her chewing. He had to resist wrapping his arms around her. He couldn't believe she was in this position, and he didn't even know.
“What?” Katherine’s cheeks blushed. 
Daniel’s heart melted. “When was the last time you ate? You look much thinner to me.”
“I’m not sure…”
“We can fight if you want, but you’re not living like this anymore. I’m willing to fly you to Tennessee if that’s where you want to go. But this is done!” He was so angry. Not at Katherine, but at himself. He should have done more to find her right away. I should have acted better than I did to begin with. If she wouldn't allow him to help her, he'd find a way to do so without being directly involved. He knew that Katherine put up a tough front, but he could tell how scared she was. He could make her life better, and wanted to do so, but he'd have to get her trust him first.
 A silence fell between them that gave her time to think. She had to be honest with herself and allow some of her anger to let up. The truth was, he'd helped her when she had nowhere to turn. She was afraid of the situation, but even more afraid of having to live on the streets.
“Daniel, I appreciate all of this, and yes, I do get hungry, but I’m not your problem.”
“No, because you’re not a problem. I’m doing this because I care about you. Do you want to go back to Tennessee? I haven't been there since the fire, but I'd be happy to come with you if you'd like." Even though Daniel wasn't looking forward to facing Prairie after everything that'd happened, he was more than willing to return to help Katherine.
“I heard about the fire, Daniel. I drove by and saw the barn burned to the ground. I was so worried you'd gotten hurt.”
“Really?” Daniel was surprised at her comment, especially with all he'd done to her.
“Well, I just wanted to make sure you were okay," she said with a soft voice. 
“I didn’t get harmed, and Rosie and her horses are safe. She lives with me and my father now.”
“Rosie Montoose?”
“I had gotten quite close to her. She became like a mother to me. The farm meant a lot, as it helped me to stop being a selfish prick. I owe her so much and couldn’t stand the thought of letting her lose her farm or being alone and possibly harmed.”
“I didn’t go back to Tennessee until Thanksgiving. So I wasn’t there when the fire happened.” Maybe he's not just being nice to me to get me in bed. He went to great lengths to help Rosie. There was no way she was ready to fully let down her guard though.

“I know, I looked for you. I even went up to the bar. When your uncle told me you left, I felt like my heart was ripped out. I called there a few times just to get information so I could find you. All I wanted to do was have the opportunity to tell you I was sorry. I called three times and hung up. Then I heard you singing in the background on Thanksgiving and I tried like hell to get there. The family jet was down for the weekend and all regular flights were booked. It was also our first Thanksgiving with Rosie, who worked very hard on the meal, and I didn't have the heart to leave. By the way, don’t tell Andy that it was me.” He chuckled some and she finally let herself smile.
“You knew it was me singing?” She was surprised and embarrassed all at the same time. She found nothing special about her voice at all. When she sang at the bar, it didn't bother her. Katherine knew those people. But Daniel…
“I could pick out that beautiful voice of yours even in a crowded concert.”
She felt her cheeks begin to blush and quickly changed the topic. “I’m so full. Thank you for the meal, Daniel.” Katherine stood up and put her hand out. She had to get out of there because she was beginning to feel like she did that night in the meadow. She would figure out a place to stay. She wanted to be with him for a while longer, but she knew the danger in that. From now on Katherine was going to leave her heart and feelings out of the equation. She couldn't trust either.
“Are you leaving?” Daniel got very worried. “Please, don’t leave…” He stood up and went to take her gently by the hands, but stopped himself mid-motion. He didn't want to do anything where his intentions could be misconstrued. He felt like she was just starting to relax and open up, and now she was going to disappear.
“I have to go and figure stuff out. Everything in my life just got turned upside down. I can’t go back to Tennessee. I’d feel like an even bigger failure. It’s the second time I’ve left school.” The mere mention of her education saddened her. What hope did she have now? I have no money, no home…I may as well forget having a better future. Maybe Prairie's my destiny. She shuttered at the thought. Tears threatened to spill over and she quickly blinked them back.
“You can stay here. You have your own suite. I promise not to even knock on your door. But you aren’t sleeping on the streets and going without food. It’s not happening as long as I’m alive. On this issue, I won’t take no for an answer.” Daniel picked up her boxes and suitcase and held the elevator door for her. “Do you feel safe enough being on an elevator with me?”
He held the doors open and watched Katherine nod and stepped inside. Daniel made sure he kept his body turned away from her. When they opened, he walked to the suite, opened the door, and set her things just inside the entrance. He immediately stepped back into the hall. “You know where my room is, or you can leave a message at the desk if you need to reach me. Do you still have my cell phone number?”
“Yes and thank you. I'll make sure I’m out by eleven tomorrow morning. Is that check out time?” Katherine looked around to find a sign with something posted. Every hotel room she'd stayed in had a card or something with that information. As her eyes wandered, she couldn't help but notice how exquisite the room looked. 
“Check out time is when it happens. But you aren’t living outside. Seriously, I won’t budge on this.” Daniel stepped in front of her and looked in her eyes. He wasn't going to move until she agreed.
“Okay, but I want to pay you back for the room and everything. Do you think we can work something out?” And how are you supposed to pay him? Hopefully he'll give me a few years…She lowered her eyes and stared at the ground. Katherine felt humiliated, but she was the one making herself feel that way.
“Yep, I know exactly what I want for repayment.” Daniel smiled wide and winked in a playful manner.
“Are you kidding me?!” She instantly became furious and backed away. I knew he'd pull something. Thank God she had enough sense to keep her defenses up.
“I want you to sing for me. I’ll let you know when and where.” Daniel gave a nervous chuckle and closed her door. God I scared her again. That was the last thing he should have done. He needed to concentrate on helping her. As he walked to his room, a thought occurred to him. She wasn’t even dressed for this weather. He headed down to the lobby. Giving the manager a hundred dollar bill, the man behind the desk looked suspiciously at Daniel.
“Sir?”
“If the woman I was with, Katherine O’Brian, leaves the hotel with her belongings, I’m to be notified immediately. I’m going shopping and should be back in a couple of hours." He hadn't been this excited in a long time.


Chapter 12



Daniel found the mall in Ann Arbor and, with the help of a sales clerk about the height and size of Katherine, was able to pick out several items that would provide warmth for this girl who had occupied his heart and thoughts for so long. He purchased nothing that even hinted he could have ulterior motives. He bought her new luggage and even some warm winter boots. He picked up some candles and bubble bath from another store and would have those delivered as a complimentary package from the hotel. Daniel wanted to do so much more for her, but was at a loss. He didn’t know how to help her with her classes, but was certain he had to find a way. But if she’d already dropped out…then it hit him.
Digging out his cell phone, he called Carl.
“Daniel! Did you find Katherine?”
“I found her. I’m surprised she even let me speak to her, but so far so good. I need you to do me a favor. I want you to find the top school for fashion and design in New York. I need that information as quick as you can get it, and I need the use of a recording studio.”
“Very well, but I have heard you sing, Sir, and no offense—“
Daniel laughed and hung up the phone. He definitely didn’t need to hear those comments to come out of anyone’s mouth. 


∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



Rosie rode in the back of the limo with Francesco to go to the trainer’s home. She was so excited to see Patches and Daisy, she smiled for the entire drive.
“Rosie, see? I told you there were other horses in the area. Several of the neighbors have race horses, very expensive ones.”
“I can’t wait for you to meet my girls. You’re going to love them. Maybe they aren’t the cream of the crop in some people’s eyes, but they’re my babies.”
Francesco only smiled. He didn’t want to let his feelings slip out.  I’ll love them because I love you.
Amos, the trainer, met them in the driveway and shook Francesco’s hand, and tipped his hat to Rosie. “You have two of the best mannered horses.”
“Thank you very much. Are you sure they’re okay?"
“They're in great condition. My groomers have really enjoyed pampering them. Are you ready to see the ladies? I know they’re ready to see you.”
“Oh there they are!” She spotted the horses out in the pasture.
“If you wait right here I’ll go get them for you.”
 Rosie didn't want to wait. She took off running through the gate. With her loud whistle, the two horses’ heads went up and their ears were open and wide. They came running for her. Her love for her horses brought tears to her eyes. She felt so relieved to see them.
“Francesco, come and say hello!” She was grinning from ear to ear. Each horse was given kisses, pats, and hugs.
“They're so beautiful. I can’t wait to get them home! It shouldn’t be more than a few days, and then you can see your babies anytime, day or night.”
There was some small talk between Francesco, Rosie, and Amos. The horse's coats were shiny in the sun. Francesco saw Rosie shiver and had to get her inside.
“Let’s get the horses in the barn. I don’t like you standing in the cold.”
“The horses like it out here, and I’m okay.” She gave him her best smile, and when she did, he looked into her eyes.
“Rosie, I know I’m lousy at this. But you are a beautiful woman. You’re a good woman. I know I’m old and everything, but—“
“Old? Francesco, you’re only a few years older than I am,” she laughed.
“Okay here it goes. Would you like to go on a date with me? I can take you anyplace in the world, and we can have dinner, go dancing, see a play. Whatever you’d like, whatever you want, it’s yours. Please say yes. I’m a good man who can make you so happy!”
“What I would like is some time alone in the kitchen. I’ll make us a nice dinner, then we can go into the front room and you can dance with me. Would you like that?”
“Yes!” He threw his arms around this woman who fit so comfortably in his embrace, then without a second thought, he softly and briefly kissed her on the lips. 
"I’ve liked you since I met you,” she confessed.
He bent down and kissed her hand and felt twenty years younger. "I was afraid to ask you. It's been a very long time, Rosie." He thought he'd feel guilty pursuing Rosie. Francesco worried  he was somehow being unfaithful to Lillian. But his mind felt nothing but peace. He knew it was the right thing to do.
She patted his shoulder, nodded her head, and then turned to say goodbye to the horses. She was trying as hard as she could to get her cheeks to stop glowing red. She wouldn't have believed in a million years that she'd have a chance at love again. 
Francesco quickly stepped beside the limo and pulled out his phone. 
“Daniel?” He couldn't keep his voice calm.
“Is everything okay?”
“She said yes!”



Daniel drove back through the campus traffic to the hotel. He'd had so much fun shopping for Katherine, and he didn't normally go shopping. Other people did it for him. He'd skipped all the simple things in life and ended up cheating himself of many things. His heart grew heavy even after the great news from his father. If I wouldn’t have royally screwed this up, I could be making that phone call to you. I’d rather spend the rest of my life alone than go through it without her. 



Katherine lay back in the warm bath, something she couldn't have done in her apartment, and let out a long sigh. The little complimentary bottle of bubble bath wasn’t enough, but would have to do. The bathroom was large, bright, and decorated beautifully. She’d only seen hotels like this in magazines. Never in a million years did she believe she’d ever get to stay in one. He must be paying hundreds and hundreds of dollars a night, if not more.
After forty minutes of soaking, she got out and put the lotion, also complimentary, all over her body, then combed out her freshly washed curls. Katherine sat beside the large windows and looked out over the city. He hasn’t tried anything with me. Maybe he’s really not a creep. He’s had plenty of opportunities to try and get me in bed, or bring me physical harm. But he’s been nothing but a gentleman. I can’t let myself fall for him though. I can just see his rich behind jetting all over the world and sleeping with women. I'm sure a guy like him has kids he doesn’t even know about. And all he wants in return is a song? He probably doesn’t even like my singing.
 She'd just closed her eyes to let her mind wander when she heard a knock at the door. Katherine let the towel fall and threw on a terrycloth robe, another little perk from the hotel, and went to the door. When she looked through the peep hole, she couldn’t see anyone. She turned around and went back by the window. She wondered if it was Daniel, but he wouldn't have knocked then left. She surprised herself by wishing he'd stop by.
Daniel had accidently dumped the wrapped packages in one of the bags on the floor when he knocked on Katherine's door. He hurried to pick them up before she saw him. He certainly didn't want to look like a disorganized cluster. When she didn’t open the door, he became instantly worried. He knocked a little harder. Maybe she’s sleeping. I should let her get some rest. He turned to leave when he heard the deadbolt click from the other side.
"Did you need something?" She gathered her robe around her neck, and felt herself drawn to him some.
“I picked up a couple of things for you. May I come in?”
“What kind of things?” Katherine didn’t know what she should do. Looking at his wind-tossed hair, his red cheeks from the cold, and his dark eyes, made her feel things she knew would do nothing but get her into trouble. Just like last time.
“I can stand by the door if you’d like and we can leave it open.”
“No, that’s okay. Just give me a few minutes to put some clothes on.”
Daniel watched the door close and heard the familiar lock clink. He sat all the bags on the floor beside of him, as his arms were feeling the strain from carrying them all the way to the room. He couldn’t believe how far away he had to park. His thoughts quickly turned to Katherine. He tried to keep his mind on his mission to help her, but seeing her with wet curls and imagining what was underneath that robe, made him stir.
“Okay, come on in. Do you need help?”
“That’s okay, I can get them. Have a seat. I have a couple of surprises for you.” Daniel gave her a big smile.
He handed her the first wrapped present. He'd waited for twenty minutes for someone to come and help him at the gift wrapping area, and no one showed. Frustrated, he stopped at a local store on the way to the hotel, and wrapped everything himself in the back of the Jeep.  They looked like he wrapped them too.
Katherine smiled as she looked at the stack of packages. Her heart rose with warmth. “Did you wrap these?” She raised her eyebrows and suddenly felt like a little girl on Christmas morning. But she still wondered if he'd want something in return. She decided to risk it.
“Yes, I’m sorry they look so bad. I’m not very good at it. It was cold and the wind was blowing. That’s my excuse and I’m sticking to it!” He laughed even though he knew his embarrassment was evident. He probably should have waited longer to have someone at the mall gift wrap them, but he couldn't wait to get the surprises to Katherine.
“They’re beautiful.” She didn’t know what was making her feel more wonderful. The fact that he wrapped all of these things himself or that he was embarrassed because he didn’t think they looked good enough for her. Her heart began to soften even more. 
She carefully opened up the first box. It was a full-length, very soft, baby blue wool jacket. She'd never seen a more beautiful coat. Katherine stood up and tried it on. “Daniel, this is gorgeous! You picked this out?”
“I found a sales clerk about your height and size, so she tried them on. But I picked everything out. Do you like it? Does it fit okay?”
“I needed a warm coat, I didn’t have one.” She slowly turned around. It really did fit perfectly.
 “You look incredible." Her strawberry blonde hair on the baby blue coat, her green eyes…Daniel’s breath caught in his throat. "Here open these.” He left the luggage he purchased in the Jeep so Katherine would be less inclined to run. This is way better than giving expensive jewelry for all the wrong reasons. Daniel wasn’t sure who was having more fun. The boots fit perfectly, and the hat, scarf, and gloves matched her coat. He was sure the warm, yellow pajamas would fit her just as nicely, along with the soft, pale yellow robe he'd picked out. He purchased jeans, socks, and sweaters, and could have shopped all day but he didn’t want to risk the time and have Katherine slip away from him. 
Without thinking, she ran to him and threw her arms around his neck. It was a natural reaction she didn't mean to do. His smell…Quickly, she backed up. “Thank for your thoughtfulness.” She looked in his eyes to see if there were any signs of deceit. Even though she didn't see any, she wasn't willing to risk it. Katherine wanted to smack herself for her moment of weakness. She'd give him back the gifts.
He wished more than anything she hadn’t let go of him. The warmth of her body, the way she felt in his arms, took him back to the first night he got to hold her.
“Do you think we could talk for a few minutes? I promise I won’t stay long.”
“…Sure,” She slipped off the coat and boots and then sat in a chair and began to fold the clothes. 
“Don’t be mad at me for this okay?” 
Oh God, here it comes. Katherine braced herself for the incoming seduction line. She started to put the gifts back in the boxes. She'd make do with what she had, just like she's always done. The last thing she wanted to do was to allow him to believe she could be bought.
“I want you to finish your education. I’ve made some phone calls to the best fashion design school in New York. It won’t cost you anything and you’ll have a very nice place to stay. You’ll get all the privacy you want, and you don’t ever have to see me.”
“Are you serious?” Katherine was shocked. “I don’t have money. Is this your way of keeping indebt to you forever? You're trying to control where I go to school, where I'll live, what I should be wearing…something's not right, Daniel, but I don't expect you to be honest with me."
"You can start in the spring, and if it would make you feel more comfortable, I can get you your own house or apartment. Seriously, you only have to see me one other time once we’re in New York.”
“And why would that be?” Katherine laughed. Here it comes…
“To sing for me. I want one song per gift that I wrapped today.” Daniel was very serious. If he never got to see her again, at least he'd have her voice. It was the sweetest sound he'd ever heard.
Katherine looked around and counted. “Wait, I have to sing you thirteen songs?” She laughed again. No one does all this just to have me sing for them. 
“Yes."
“Just sing, nothing else?”
“Nope, that’s all I want, and I even rented a recording studio in Manhattan. I don’t like odd numbers so if you want to throw in another song, I won’t complain.” Now he was smiling.
“Can I ask you something?”
“Anything you want to know, just ask. I know my track record for being honest is zilch. Not just with you, but everyone I had contact with. I don't feel very proud when I think about my past behavior. I don't expect you to trust me, but most of the things I say can be checked out. The rest, I hope you can give me a chance to prove myself when you feel comfortable enough. You can make your own arrangements for where you live, and if you don't want the program in New York, its fine. Choose anyone you'd like. All I ask is for you to be safe. I'll pay for everything without asking for anything in return, except the songs. I really do want you to be happy, Katherine. None of this means you have to have anything to do with me.”
“If you saw Emily again, would you—“
“No, never. And as a matter of fact…” Daniel pulled out his phone, put it on speaker, and dialed the bar. The person who answered was definitely Emily.
“Emily, I don’t know if you remember me, my name’s Da—John Williams. I danced with you that one day.”
“Yeah, I remember. You were all over me, then dropped me like a hot biscuit!”
“I’m calling to tell you how sorry I am. I was upset and immature and used you to hurt someone that I care very much about. I was a pompous ass, and I’m sorry I was so mean to you.”
“That’s okay, sugar. You gonna stop by?”
“Good luck, Emily. I don’t think I’ll be coming around, and if I do, I hope to have Katherine with me.” Daniel hung up the phone.
Katherine glared at him. Does he really think he can lead people to believe we'll be a couple? “Have Katherine with you…”
“Look, I’m not going to lie to you. I would love to be with you some day. Sitting here on this sofa is very hard for me. What I want to do is throw my arms around you but I know you don’t feel that way. Well, now that I’ve completely made you hate me, I’ll leave. I know that this behavior was the last thing you wanted from me.” Daniel got up to go. “Have a nice evening, Katherine. Call me if there’s anything you need.”
“Wait, don’t go.” Her words shocked her.
He immediately stopped and turned to face her. He couldn’t believe he heard those words. He expected her to tell him off, throw something at him, anything but this. He felt a warmth run through him. Katherine turned her back but not before he saw the expression on her face. If he didn't handle this correctly, she'd send him right out the door.
She didn’t know what was coming over her. She turned and looked out the window. The first thing that caught her eye were students, walking to school, crossing the very streets she might have to live on. In all reality, she had no one to catch her when she fell…but Daniel. She tried to weigh things out in her mind. She knew he wouldn't physically harm her after being so kind. She did see kindness in his eyes, but she'd fought the urge to let down her guard. Does she believe him and possibly change her life for the better or should she walk out that door and live with nothing but assumptions. What she did know was that he wouldn’t be able to stay there forever. I can't let him do all these things for me, then throw him away.If he left, she’d probably never see him again. I can’t live the rest of my life, never knowing…
"Daniel, how long will you be staying in Ann Arbor?"
"I'll have to leave soon, I have a business to run. But I'll make sure you're well cared for when I'm gone."
"Are you talking about leaving in a week? A month?" Katherine felt her stomach tighten.
"No just a day or two. I came to find you, Katherine, and say I was sorry. Clearly we want different things from each other, but I'd rather be your friend than nothing at all."
"You have to let me pay you back. Maybe I can't come up with all the money up front, but I need to make my own way."
"Whatever you want to do to make yourself feel comfortable, consider it done."
She stared at his warm, dark eyes and saw nothing but concern and compassion. What kind of guy would go through all of this trouble for a woman? Certainly a good one. Silence ruled the room. If she was busy thinking and trying to make a decision, then so was he. The last thing she wanted was for him to disappear. If she was going to go with him, she'd need to have some ground rules in place.
 "At anytime I don't feel good about this, Daniel, I leave. No strings attached. You won't come find me, we won't speak again. I'll continue to send you money until my debt is paid off. I'll send it to your company, just give me the information."
Daniel was afraid to smile, afraid she'd change her mind. He took out his wallet and handed her a business card for Giordano Seas. He watched her read it with a serious look on her face.
Katherine opened her purse and placed the card inside a pocket. She took some deep breaths. It's now or never. “You should stay for at least a few days, Daniel. We have a trip to New York to plan. I can't live on the streets, nor can I expect you to stay here and take care of me. I’ll look up ticket prices and…I can probably find me a ticket that's cheap. I'll get a quick job that pays more and meet you out there if you can't wait. Then once I'm in New York I can get another job and—" Katherine began talking very rapidly to get the words out before they got lost in her head.
With a huge smile on his face, that he could no longer contain, he interrupted her. “We’ll leave this evening.” There was no way he was going to let an opportunity like this escape. He finally was being given the chance to make things right.
“But there might not be—“ She stopped talking when Daniel pressed a button on his phone and began speaking.
 “Carl, is the jet still in Michigan?"
Katherine stood there staring at him…A jet?
"Thanks, Carl, I owe you one." Daniel hung up the phone and spoke quickly as he walked to the door. “I’ll be back in a moment, Katherine.”
He ran to the Jeep and hauled up the new luggage. When he returned to her room, he knocked softly and was pleasantly surprised at how quickly she opened it. “Start packing, Katherine.” He was elated. He only dreamed of not having to go back to New York without her. He never believed it'd actually happen.
She stared at the beautiful luggage set, and all her new things. She looked over at her cardboard boxes and was amazed how this man thought of everything. Through the closed door, she heard him yell out in happiness. She felt nervous and excited at the same time. Never in a million years did she think she'd ever have anything to do with this man again.
She packed as fast as she could, not sure of what her future held. But one thing was becoming very clear. Daniel Giordano was an amazing man. His scent still lingered in the room. Katherine inhaled deeply.


Chapter 13



Upon arriving at the airport, Katherine’s cell phone rang. It was the bar. Emily is going to scream at me. She let it ring three times, and thought of letting it go to voicemail. If it was Emily, she could decide whether or not to call back. But then again it could be her uncle. She decided to take a chance and answer it.
“Katherine, it’s Emily.”
“Look, Em—“
“Your uncle had a heart attack! Can you get here? I don’t know what to do. They put him on a helicopter. I’m so scared!” 
“Oh God...” Katherine’s face lost its color as the phone dropped from her hand to the floor.
“Katherine.” Daniel got a sinking feeling in his gut. “Is everything okay?”
“…My uncle had a heart attack, and I need money to get to Tennessee. If you could loan me a few dollars...” Tears were instantly spilling over.
“Come with me.” He grabbed her hand and ran to the jet. 



Once they boarded, Daniel told the pilot, “Charles, there’s been a change. We have an emergency in Tennessee. Change the flight plan and get us to Nashville as soon as possible.”
Katherine watched the pilot nod then return to the cockpit. She overheard him asking someone to hurry and bring the luggage onboard from the limo. She had to walk slowly to get to a seat. Her legs were getting ready to defy her, and her stomach was turning. 
“Come here, Katherine.” He wrapped his arms around her as she sobbed.
“I shouldn’t have left him!”
“It’s my fault. You left because I drove you away.” One more thing I failed at. Daniel couldn't help but feel like he got so much from Prairie, but ended up creating a big mess, just so he could fix his own.
“He’s the only family I have besides Jacob.”  She let Daniel hold her until she felt composed enough to sit up straight. 
He watched her stare out the window with a blank look on her face and a vacancy in her eyes. “Where are your parents, Katherine?”
She continued to look out the window. Her voice was quiet and low when she answered him a couple of minutes later. “When I was a child I was sent to visit Uncle Andy. I didn’t know that it wasn’t just a visit. My parents wanted a new life, so they left and stopped all contact. My uncle is my father’s brother, so he adopted me. After the adoption, they even stopped contacting him. Being abandoned wasn’t any fun. I’ve spent my life feeling that I wasn’t good enough, and living with the fear of people leaving me has made life more than difficult.”
“I might not be part of your family, but you’ll always have me, even if it’s just as a friend,” said Daniel. He pulled her closer and wanted more than anything for her to believe him. Seeing her like this was crushing him.
You’ll get to know me, then you’ll leave too, thought Katherine. 



Before landing in Nashville, Daniel got out his phone. “Is your uncle an Andy or an Andrew?”
“His legal name is Andy O’Brian. He doesn’t have a middle name.”
 He called the two hospitals and asked if Andy O’Brian was a patient there. Finally he was getting somewhere with the second call; the operator transferred him to the emergency department.
“Hello, do you have an Andy O’Brian there?”
“We really can’t give out any information over the phone. Is this a relative?”
“Yes, my name's Daniel Giordano, and I’m thirty-five thousand feet in the air. I have his niece with me, Katherine O'Brian. I’d really appreciate it if you’d tell me so I know which hospital to go to.” Daniel was trying to remain patient.
“He'll be here shortly, Mr. Giordano. He’s being airlifted. We’re one of the top trauma centers in the area, so don’t you worry. We’ll take great care of him.”
“Okay, we’ll be right behind him as quick as we land.”
Daniel rang the intercom for the flight attendant. 
“What could I get for you, Mr. Giordano?”
“I need transportation at the airport to get to the hospital. We don’t have time to wait once we land.”
“I'll make the arrangements.” She briskly walked away.



∞  ∞  ∞  ∞


A limo was waiting, and luckily they weren’t too far from the hospital. As soon as they walked through the doors, the overhead intercom announced a code blue in the emergency department, and then the message was repeated, over and over again. 
A panicked Katherine, blurted "Oh my God!"
 “There are lots of patients here, so it might not be your uncle. Come with me to the desk.” Daniel put an arm around her and walked to the counter in the lobby.
“Has Andy O’Brian arrived yet? We’re his family.” Daniel hoped the code blue wasn't for her uncle.
“He’s being examined. I’ll need to get some information from you. Just have a seat over there and I’ll get the paperwork.”
Katherine sat in the chair and gave Admissions all the information she could, but they weren’t allowed to see him. Daniel tried to get her to sit beside him, but all she did was pace. An hour later, a physician stepped out to the lobby and escorted them to a private conference room.
“Hi, I'm Doctor Richardson. Are you Katherine O’Brian, Andy O’Brian’s niece?”
“Yes, is he okay?”
“He’s conscious, but he’s had a heart attack.”
“…Is he going to make it?” asked Katherine.
“We won’t know the extent of the damage for a while. But there are some positive findings so far. Do you live close by?”
“No, we live in New York,” offered Daniel.
“There are local hotels you can stay at. He’s going to be here for a several days.”
“When he’s stable enough to be moved, I want him on a medical flight to New York. Then he can recover at our house.”
“Thank you, Daniel, but I think he should stay hospitalized. The only problem is my uncle doesn’t have insurance, but I’ll find a way to pay for anything he needs.”
“Sir, I agree with Katherine. I can understand you wanting to be with him throughout his treatment, but he’s going to need care by specialists," said Doctor Richardson.
“I can get him whatever he needs. I’ll hire a private physician and staff. I’ll have a room converted.”
“We need to take things one step at a time.” The doctor felt sorry for the couple. The young man obviously had no medical knowledge, but was so eager to help. Hopefully the cost would deter him from trying to set any plans in motion. “What you’re thinking about doing is going to cost a very large amount of money."
“I can afford it.” Daniel wasn’t about to argue.
“It will cost an enormous amount of money for the flight and the rehabilitative care. I don’t think you understand just how expensive this kind of treatment will be. It’ll be quite a while before we could approve a transfer anyway. This is a very good facility and Mr. O’Brian will be in great hands. Again, please consider the cost.” Doctor Richardson tried to be persuasive. 
“That’s okay,” Daniel thought about his company. “I have billions.”



“I’m so scared!” Katherine whispered as a nurse escorted them through double doors. They'd been waiting hours for this moment.
“Katherine, hold my hand. We're in this together, okay? You don’t have to worry about anything. I will get your uncle everything he needs.”
The nurse escorting them stopped before they got near his room. “Your uncle has another set of blood work in three hours. I just wanted you to see he was alive and getting medical treatment. We’ll know more in the morning, so it'd be best if you get some rest. The doctor will be in to do his rounds early, and he'll be checked on throughout the night. Mr. O'Brian will be moved to the cardiac intensive care unit when they get a bed available,” the nurse explained in a reassuring voice.
Katherine walked in, softly kissed her uncle’s cheek, and told him she loved him. She thanked the nurse and walked out the door, trying to stifle a sob. 
Daniel gave the nurses at the desk his number in case it was written wrong in the chart. He wished there was something he could do. He felt helpless.
“I should stay. You can go get some rest or fly back to New York, but I can’t leave him.” Katherine was unable to maintain her composure. She felt horrible inside, and should have been there to help her uncle. Maybe he wouldn't have had to work so hard.
Daniel pulled her close to him and whispered in her ear. “The nurse was right. We have a long day ahead of us, and I promise to get the closest room to the hospital. I don’t want you to feel like you’re alone in this. I’m not going anywhere okay? We’ll sleep for a couple of hours, then we’ll head back up. Come with me, Katherine, the staff will take excellent care of him.”
Following the staff’s recommendations, Daniel walked Katherine to the hotel which was directly across the street. 
“This is the room you can stay in. I’ll find one close to yours.”
“No! Please stay with me.” Katherine wrapped both of her hands around his forearm.
“Okay,” he softly said and closed the door behind him. He got the extra blanket off the rack and sat down in the chair by the wall in the small room. “We didn’t get the luggage from the limo. I’ll have it brought to the room in the morning or I can call and have some night clothes delivered. I’m sorry I screwed that up.”
“You didn’t screw anything up. I can't thank you enough for everything.” She reached up and kissed him on the cheek. “I’m going to lie down so I can be up soon.” Katherine stretched out on the bed. What if he dies? He looked horrible lying there. The tears leaked from her eyes. 
Daniel listened to her trying to muffle sobs in the darkness. Slowly, he took the blanket off himself and lay down next to her. He pulled her toward him and spooned with this woman he cared so deeply for. His thoughts never even went to lust. He kissed her cheek and rocked her slowly in his arms.
Daniel had gotten so used to waking up at five in the morning that he crawled out of bed an hour before the alarm was to go off. He took his phone to the bathroom and called the hospital.
“The doctor has been in to see him several times. Have some breakfast and then come on up and visit with him briefly. He’s in the cardiac intensive care unit now,” said the nurse.
“Thank you so much.” Daniel knelt beside the bed and brushed the curls off of Katherine’s face. She slowly opened her eyes, then sat up quickly. “Is he alright?!”
“He’s doing okay and we have permission to visit him. I was told we should have some breakfast, then come up and see him.” Daniel spoke softly, to get her to calm back down.
“I’m not very hungry,” she said as she pulled the blankets up under her chin.
“You’re eating.” He winked at her. After getting cleaned up, they went to the restaurant next door and ordered breakfast. Daniel laughed to himself over his past. He wouldn’t be caught dead wearing the same clothes two days in a row.

∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



Francesco was worried about his son. He pressed the button and waited for Carl.
“Good morning, sir,” Carl said after he entered the study and stood in front of Francesco's desk.
“Have you heard anything more from Daniel?" Francesco asked quickly. He felt very worried.
“He is with Katherine at the hospital. The pilot took them to Tennessee to be with her uncle. He's had a heart attack, but I haven’t gotten word on his condition.”
“I’m going to call," said Francesco as he lifted the phone.
“I doubt Daniel can talk if he’s with Katherine. His phone isn’t going to work near all that emergency equipment. It’s best if you wait for him to contact you,” explained Carl.
“I suppose you’re right.” He sighed heavily and set the phone back down.
“The horses should be arriving today. Rosie is so happy this morning,” said Carl.
“Yes, she even laughed in her sleep. She was just like a little girl,” beamed Francesco.
“What?” Carl chuckled.
“Oh, never mind,” he quickly replied while waving his hand.
“You’re blushing, sir.”
“I suppose I am, Carl, I suppose I am.” Francesco winked at Carl and watched him leave the study.



∞  ∞  ∞  ∞


Daniel walked behind Katherine as they stepped onto the intensive care unit. 
“We’re here to see Andy O’Brian,” said Daniel to the unit clerk.
The doctor was coming up the hall and overheard his patient's name. He approached with his hand outstretched. “I’m Doctor Mathews. I wanted to speak to you before you visit with your uncle.”
“Is he okay?” asked Katherine.
“He’s had a heart attack, but thankfully it wasn’t real severe. He’s going to have a long recovery though." The doctor smiled and put his hand on Katherine's shoulder.
“What happened to him?” She was feeling even more guilt about not being in Prairie.
“Apparently he dropped down to the ground with chest pain. He never lost consciousness and, luckily, there isn’t a lot of heart damage. It’s imperative your uncle changes his lifestyle and diet, which will be part of his plan in the recovery process. I plan to work on this with him while he's under my care.”
“Did his heart stop?” Please tell me no. She continued to beat herself up.
“No, it never stopped. I understand you want some of his rehabilitation to take place in New York?”
“Yes, that’s correct,” replied Daniel.
“He can’t travel for a while yet. I appreciate your efforts to stay actively involved in his rehabilitation, but this is the best place he could be in." The doctor's pager went off. "I have another patient to see. Enjoy your visit with your uncle. Try to keep things low key when you're with him so his blood pressure doesn't rise.”
“I won’t upset him. Thank you, Doctor.” Katherine and Daniel shook his hand and then headed for Andy’s room. They heard him in the hallway.
“I’m not drinking that, it tastes like sewer water! Can’t you get me some real stuff?”
Katherine stopped the nurse. “Why is my uncle yelling?”
“He wants regular coffee and he can’t have caffeine. His diet is very strict and he isn’t happy.” The nurse smiled and let out a long sigh.
“May we see him now?” She was both anxious and scared at the same time.
“You sure can. Remember he’s still weak, so if he seems like he's wearing out, let him rest.”
They walked into Andy’s room and saw him sitting up in bed with his eyes closed. 
“We should come back,” whispered Katherine.
“Nonsense! Come in, Katherine.” His voice was still loud but shaky. He looked ten years older.
“How do you feel?” She kissed him on the cheek and held his hand.
“Okay, I guess. I just wish they’d shut all this damn equipment off and take these needles out of my arms, maybe give me a cup of coffee and some decent food!” yelled Andy.
“Uncle Andy, do you remember John Williams?”
“Sure do, how ya been? I see ya found Katherine!” he laughed.
“Good to see you, Andy. My real name is Daniel Giordano. It’s a long story which I’ll explain some day when you’re feeling better." He looked at Katherine, saw her expression, and immediately wished he wouldn't have said anything.
Katherine grimaced when she saw her uncle's brow furrow.
“Uncle Andy, how has the bar been doing?” Katherine needed to change the topic. The last thing she wanted was to get him riled up. Being lied to was a sure way down that path.
“Pretty bad. I lose money every month, and this last week I had to borrow a few dollars just to make payroll.”
“Uncle Andy, do you think it was the stress from that place?” Katherine hated to bring up the topic, but she felt he could clearly see what his lifestyle was doing to him.
“I think so. That and the doc says my diet isn’t anything to brag about.”
“I don’t think you should go back and try to run the bar. I also don't believe you were seeing a doctor like you said. This really scares me, Uncle Andy.” Katherine put her hand on his cheek.
“I know you’re just worried, but it’s my job. If I don’t do that, what the hell else will I do? The town’s pretty dead, and I can’t survive on my good looks! I can't even afford to pay these medical bills I'm racking up. This is going to cost me a mint.” He started to laugh.
Katherine could tell his laughter wasn't real. “Uncle Andy, when you get discharged, I want you to come with me. I’ll explain things later, but living out in Prairie with no one taking care of you, the bar failing, and the building falling apart, isn’t a way to live." She didn't know how she was going to manage it, but he was the only family she had.
“I’m not going to be a burden on you.”
“Andy, you’re not going to be a burden. We would love to have you, and I think you’d get along well with my father. He'd enjoy the company, and he’s a good man. We need you to concentrate on getting better, not worrying about medical bills.”
Katherine looked at Daniel with her eyes wide. She'd deal with him later. The last thing she was willing to do was involve her uncle in her plans for New York. She'd take him back to Michigan with her.
“What’s your father do?” Andy didn't want to explain to the young, clueless man who probably had no financial responsibility.
“He’s in the shipping business,” smiled Daniel, hoping his answer was good enough.
“Oh, yeah. Like packages and stuff. Does he have his own mail store like in Nashville? They got a pretty good one there," smiled Andy. He knew how hard those folks worked.
“No, not that kind of shipping.  He has vessels.” Daniel felt he needed to be honest. He didn't want to lie to the man.
“Really? I never met anyone who did that. Does he get seasick? Even if he’s a captain, being on a boat can do your stomach in,” said Andy while he rubbed his stomach.
“No he owns them. Many in fact.” He looked over at Katherine and didn't see any signs of disapproval on her face.
“…So your father is a rich man I take it.” Andy genuinely smiled. She found a keeper.
Katherine could see his wheels turning. He'd always told her to find herself a nice rich man so she wouldn't have to struggle. “Uncle Andy, don’t worry about that. The point is, I want us to be together.”
"Andy, come to New York with us," said Daniel as he looked the man in his eyes.
“You’re a couple now?” Andy let out one of his boisterous laughs. "Katherine, did you think I wouldn't figure it out? Even when you were little you couldn't fool me." He opened his arms wide and gave her a small hug.
“No, not a couple, just friends.” Her cheeks turned red and she busied herself with the nightstand.
“That's a bunch of bull. Look, I lost the woman I loved fifteen years ago. Don’t assume the person you long to be with will be there the next day. Stop wasting time.”
“We’re going to let you get some rest, Uncle Andy. We’ll be back in a couple of hours, okay? We have to get our luggage.”
“What the hell happened to your luggage? The airport eat it?”
“We accidently left it—“
Daniel cut her off. “Yeah, it’s in the car.” He was glad Katherine was ending the visit so the poor man wouldn't end up too overwhelmed. He stood up and looked at her beautiful face. I'll definitely have to work on the ‘just friends’ part. 


∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



When the area for the horses was complete, Francesco got Rosie and led her outside by the hand. He did a good job of keeping her away from that side of the mansion so he could surprise her. He’d also warned all the staff so they wouldn't blow it.
“Okay, my sweet. Now you have to close your beautiful eyes.”
Rosie smiled, closed her eyes, and let him lead her around the side of the estate. When he had her standing in front of the new red barn, he bent down, kissed her lips softly, and told her to open her eyes.
“Oh my! Francesco. You told me you would make an area for my horses, but I had no idea you were doing all of this! Thank you so much!” She wrapped her arms around him and whispered in his ear for the fifth time that day, “I love you...”
“I love you too, my Rosie. Now I have one more surprise for you.” He got his phone out and dialed a number, let it ring, then hung up.
As soon as she was ready to ask him why he hung up on someone, she turned her head in the direction of a truck. As it rounded the bend, Rosie could see the trailer carrying her horses.
She let the tears come out and ran to meet them, then ran back to Francesco and kissed him, then ran back again to the truck. She helped Amos back the horses out and led them to their new home. The barn and stable area were spacious and beautiful. 
Francesco thanked Amos and waited until he was gone, then told Rosie he would like to go pet the horses.
“They’re going to be so happy here!”
“I hope so. I’m even happier with you here.”
She smiled and walked over to Patches and Daisy. She couldn’t believe how her life had completely turned around from where it'd been, and it was all because of this kind man who loved her so much. 
“Francesco, we’re going to have to get some carrots down here for the girls. Do you have any?”
“…I had a special treat made. Look in the satchel. I think both you and they will approve.” He held onto a post and waited.
Rosie looked around and found the new, leather satchel. She reached her hand in and pulled out a box. She looked at him quizzically and opened it. Inside was a smaller box. As she opened it up, he held on tightly to the post and lowered himself to one knee. He reached his hand out to her. She walked toward him and gave him the blue, velvet box. Francesco removed the ring and held it. The small golden band had a two carat, brilliant cut diamond. He knew if it was a larger stone, the modest woman would have protested.
He lovingly looked into her eyes. "I thought I would be alone for the rest of my life. Before I met you, I thought the inside of me was dead. But you melted my heart the first time I met you. I know it’s soon, but I’m too old to be waiting for something that I know is already perfect. When you took my son under your wing, I thought you were special. When I brought you into my home, I was positive. You belong here, Rosie, forever. You belong in my life. I want to give you all my love, and I never want your beautiful mind to ever have another worry. I love you. Will you make me a proud man and marry me?”
She let him hold her shaking hand and slide the beautiful diamond ring on her finger. “Yes, Francesco. I couldn’t be happier. You have given me more love in just the short time I’ve been here than I ever got during my entire life.”
He held onto the post and pulled himself back up, gently wrapped Rosie in his arms, and then softly kissed her. 


Chapter 14


Katherine walked back to the hotel room, slightly ahead of Daniel. Her face looked concerned, her heart was heavy.
“What’s bothering you?” asked Daniel as he gently turned her to face him.
“He’s not going to leave Prairie.” Katherine diverted her eyes to hide her sadness.
“How do you know?”
“Because I know him. If he chooses to go back to that town, I’ll have to stay with him. I can try to help you get your tuition money back.”
“You need to finish your education. It’s been your dream, and now you can go to the finest design school. Besides, your uncle hasn’t said he wants to stay.”
“The Corral could easily be shut down, because it's in severe need of repair. If that happened it'd crush him. He loves being around people all the time, and he gets that from running the bar. The apartment upstairs where I stayed? The bathroom floor is starting to give in, and it's a fire hazard. I just wish it wasn’t costing him more to run it than what he brings in. There’s no way he’ll ever get enough money to fix the building so it's completely safe and up to code. The few things I could afford to do were just enough to keep the place open.”
"How can I help? Just let me know, and I’ll do it.” Daniel was feeling desperate. The last thing he wanted was to lose Katherine again.
“I want you to go back to New York and enjoy yourself. Since you met me, look how much trouble I’ve caused you.” After everything Daniel has done for her so she could pursue her dreams, she'd have to let him know it was for nothing. Her uncle had to come first. A tear slid down her face and the reality of her situation set in. There was no hope for her to leave that small town. 
“I need to be honest with what's going on with me. I can't mislead you into believing I have no other obligations and can stay here indefinitely with you. On the twentieth of December I take over the family business so my father can retire. I can’t stay in Tennessee even though I’d rather be here by your side. Our main offices are located in New York, so my time here is limited.” He felt horrible about saying this while Katherine was already feeling so down. I wish I could make everything better. He reached out to hold her.
“I’ve said this before. I’m not your problem,” she firmly said. There was no point in sugar coating the situation. Katherine knew he wanted to help, but the reality is that he has to go to New York, and she has to go back to Prairie. She took a couple steps back, not wanting to be held. 
“You’re not a problem, and I believe I’ve said that before.” Daniel could sense impending doom approaching. “Look, all we can do is wait and talk to your uncle. We have to go along with whatever he wants to do. But I promise I’ll help as much as I can.”



When they arrived at the hotel his mood deteriorated. He knew there’d be no way Katherine would allow him to sleep in her bed again. He went and got a different room so he wouldn’t have to hear the words from her mouth. Daniel couldn’t make her come to New York, and he couldn’t make Andy come there either. If he lost her again, he didn’t know what he would do. How could he fix this? How could he make Andy’s life better so Katherine wouldn’t have to stay in Tennessee? He decided to call the man who was wiser than he'd ever given him credit for being.
“Daniel! I’m so glad you called, I was getting worried about you.”
“Katherine’s uncle had a heart attack and I don’t know what to do, Father.” Daniel sighed heavily as he let his body drop down in a chair.
“Is he okay?”
“Yes. I’ve offered him the chance to come to New York, but Andy’s pretty stubborn. He feels like he’s imposing. Katherine agreed to come back with me and go to school in New York, but now she wants to go back to Tennessee to take care of him if he won’t agree to come with us. I love her and I don’t want to lose her again.” His voice cracked and he got up to walk around the room. "This whole thing is a huge mess."
“Does she love you?”
“She said we’re just friends…”
Francesco could hear how tired his son was and how sad he’d become. Now was not the time to let him know he proposed to Rosie. “Do you want me to talk to Katherine’s uncle for you?”
“He’s a very stubborn man. I wasn’t exaggerating.” He raised his voice out of frustration.
“Good, so am I. I’ll see you in the morning, Daniel.” Francesco smiled and could tell his son needed him at his side.
“I’m not sure of the exact date I’ll be back, but I know it won't be tomorrow. Things are kind of in the air," explained Daniel as his shoulder's slumped.
“No, I’m flying there. What hospital is he in?”
“I don’t mean to be disrespectful so don’t take this the wrong way. He might get angry, and he isn’t supposed to be getting upset.” He had flashbacks of his father yelling at him before he was shipped off to live in Prairie.
“So you think I got this far in business by not knowing how to talk with men like him? Daniel, watch and learn.” Francesco chuckled and rang for Carl.
 


∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



Katherine sat in her hotel room staring out the window. Why did he leave? She knew once Daniel got to know her, he'd run. She was someone with way too much baggage. Today it’s a different room, and tomorrow it’ll be a different state. It’s better this way, she thought. I have to go back to Prairie, and his life is in New York. 
  Sadness overwhelmed her. She didn’t want him to go. Opening the sliding door wall, Katherine stepped out on her balcony. She was alone. Just like always. Why should she move back to Tennessee? Where did her responsibility end? If Uncle Andy chooses to jump off a bridge, do I follow him knowing how unsafe it is? He knows he shouldn’t be going back to that situation but chooses to do it anyway. If I follow him, my life will be nothing. She continued to struggle. She felt an obligation to take care of the man who'd been a father to her for years. She loved him with all her heart, but didn't want to bury her dreams. Katherine felt selfish, ungrateful, and everything in between. If she was really a good person, she would have stayed to help him.
Katherine went back inside and put on her warm coat. She closed her eyes and remembered all the packages Daniel bought and wrapped for her that day. He was so thoughtful to pick out items she needed. She crossed the street and walked up to the cardiac intensive care unit.  She found her uncle sitting up in bed, reading the paper. It was time for the two of them to have a heart to heart talk.
“Hi, Uncle Andy.” She stepped up to the bed and kissed his cheek.
“Hey, Katherine, where’s your partner in crime?”
“I wanted to talk to you alone.” She pulled up a chair and sat next to the bedside. She didn’t know how to begin, and her fingers began to gently run through her curls.
“Okay, spit it out, sweet one.” He knew when something was bothering his niece. She would pick at her fingernails or play with her hair. The last thing he wanted was to have her worrying about him. She always put herself last. He reached down and brushed the hair from her face.
“Are you sure you want to go back to Prairie? If you are, I'll come with you when you're discharged.”
“You thought you’d have to come back with me? You thought I’d actually let you?” Andy smiled at her fondly. 
“Who’s going to take care of you? How are you going to run the bar and get the building fixed?" She tried not to cry, but a small tear escaped. Looking at her uncle's face, there was no way she could leave him.



Daniel knocked on Katherine’s door for the fifth time and didn’t get an answer, so he got the office to check on her. She wasn’t in the room. He sprinted to the nearby restaurant and she wasn’t there either. Finally, he took off to the hospital. 
When he got close to Andy’s room, he heard two voices; Katherine’s tearful voice and Andy’s soft, comforting one. Daniel was surprised the man could talk soft for any reason. He decided to stop and not enter the room. He didn’t want to eavesdrop but he needed to know she was okay by herself. After all, he'd witnessed first-hand how the man could get a little brass and pushy.
“Katherine, you don’t have any reason to feel guilty. When you came to my house, shortly thereafter, your Aunt Patricia died. Even though you were young, just a little girl, you automatically assumed the role of caregiver. When I got pneumonia, you dropped out of college and came to take care of me. Now you want to do that again? I won’t have it. Besides, I love the folks in Prairie. If we could get some good things to happen in that town, it would be a great place. I know there’s not much left of it, but it’s still my home.”
“Daniel has offered me the opportunity of a lifetime. But I feel I can’t be happy unless you are.” 
She let out a couple of soft crying sounds. It was breaking Daniel’s heart, but he knew he couldn’t interrupt; it wasn’t his place.
“You have gone your entire life trying to please everyone but yourself. You should be in love, happy, enjoying your youth. You have to give yourself permission to be happy. I know this Daniel guy has some feelings for you. I could see it in his eyes when he was in here, and I saw it in his eyes when he was looking for you at the bar.”
“Uncle Andy, we’re just friends. He needs to be with someone who has their act a little more together than I do. All I am is a thorn in his side.”
“Do you love him?” he asked softly while looking her in the eyes.
“I really like him. He’s not the type of guy I thought he was. He has a really good heart, and he’s very kind to me.” Katherine looked down and began to pick at her nails.
“Do you love him?” he repeated.
“The whole time I was gone, I felt torn. I ran from Prairie because of my own fears.” Katherine still couldn't meet his eyes.
“Answer my question, Katherine.” Andy reached over and lifted her face.
“Yes, I love him. I’ve loved him for a long time. I just didn’t want to let myself care about someone who would leave.” She looked at her uncle with her water-filled eyes. “I just wish he loved me. I think he cares about me, but he isn’t in love.”
“Go be with him, sweetheart. That’s what would make me happy and make me feel better.”
“What if he doesn’t want me? I would be devastated if he didn’t feel the way I do.”
 “Daniel seems like a nice man. You hold your beautiful chin up and stop fighting life. Don't waste time, Katherine, it's precious. Once it's gone, it doesn't come back. If you love someone you need to tell them. I have to get some rest so I can mend up and go home. Your home is in Daniel. So, go home.”



Daniel left the unit and ran out of the hospital as fast as he could. His heart was pounding, and the smile on his face was huge. No woman had ever said they loved him. He didn't stick around long enough to give them that opportunity.



∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



Katherine went into her room and took her clothes off, desperately needing a long soak in the tub. She didn’t know if Daniel got a different room or flew back to New York. She doubted she was even crossing his mind. She closed her eyes and let the tears blend in with the water she wished she’d never have to get out of.



Daniel was going stir crazy. One thing he wasn’t prepared for was Katherine’s love. He'd always been able to pick up a beautiful woman, but the one he wanted felt way beyond his reach, until now. If she only knew how hard it was for him to get the room next door, especially when another couple was demanding the same room. But he had to do whatever he could to stay close to her. The argument at the office ended up in an expensive persuasion. He didn’t care. Daniel was willing to move mountains for her. But questions flew through his mind. Saying she loves me is one thing, but did she want to act on it? What he wanted to do was go pound on her door and throw his arms around her. She'd probably panic and run.


 
Katherine climbed out of the tub and put on her yellow robe. She needed to get some fresh air and hopefully clear her head before telling Daniel what was in her heart. After everything that's happened, he'll see me as nothing but an emotional wreck and say exactly that. She’d have to find the strength to endure the painful words she didn’t want to hear. She stared blankly at her phone. It'd certainly be easier than being face to face with him when he rejects me. 
The sun had set, but there wasn’t much of a breeze when she stepped outside and took a deep breath. The fresh air felt cool in her lungs, calming to her senses. She replayed her uncle's words in her mind, but what if he was wrong? If Daniel loved me, he'd be here.



He heard her slide open the door wall. He went to the window saw Katherine with her chin lifted and eyes closed, taking slow, deep breaths. Her curls were loosely pinned up, and upon her face was a small smile. But when she opened her eyes, the smile disappeared. Daniel took a few deep breaths of his own and stepped out on his balcony. 
Katherine turned to see who it was that had stepped outside next door. She became self-conscious about being in just a robe. She froze and her heart began beating rapidly. He's been here all along and didn't even bother to let me know? Her first instinct was to run back inside and avoid that face to face confrontation she was fearful of. But his eyes were glued to hers with such power, she couldn't move. She quickly blinked to break the spell. “Daniel, I didn’t realize you were in the next room.”
He had no words for her. Any attempt at relaying his thoughts would get stuck in his throat. Everything he wanted was there in front of him, but seemed so far away. Without wasting another precious minute, Daniel lifted up his hand and made a slight ‘come here’ motion. 
She turned and went back in her room. Why does he want me to come over there? She knew she couldn't avoid him forever. He'd find her in the parking lot, or perhaps see her in the restaurant. God, if he tells me to leave him alone while we're in public, I'll die. Katherine took off her robe, put the jeans and sweater on that Daniel had given her, and walked over to his room. She softly knocked. Okay, here goes nothing...
He opened the door slowly and stepped back in the room.
“Daniel, are you okay? May I come in?”
He turned the light on next to the bed and sat down at the small table. He pulled a chair out for her.
“Are you sure you're up for company?” What's wrong with him?
“No, I’m not okay. I want to talk to you.”
“Look, if it’s about coming with you to New York or about the money, I can pay—“
“Katherine, sit down please…”
She sat down, never feeling so nervous in her life. She felt like a bomb was getting ready to be dropped on her life, once again.
“I want to be able to tell you what's on my mind, without feeling like I have to walk on egg shells for fear of you running. I don’t want to do that anymore.” Daniel’s expression remained very serious. 
“Look, I don’t feel like this is going to be a very good conversation. You've never looked at me like this before or used this tone. You're making me feel like I'm about to get fired or something.”
Daniel just stared at her. 
“Okay, just say whatever’s on your mind. I can take it.” Katherine began to pick at her nails.
“Are you sure about that?”
She lifted up her chin and reminded herself that she'd made it through many things in life without fail. She was a master at burying her feelings and pretending everything was just fine. Believing all her life that her words weren't important enough to be heard, hurt her in so many ways. Today, no matter what this man says, I'm going to tell him how I feel. “Yes, I’m positive. But then it’s my turn.”
“Katherine, I love you. I’m in love with you, and I have been for so long. I’ve missed you, and when you left Prairie, I thought my chest was going to explode. My heart ached like it never has before. I had a lot growing up to do, and no one is more ashamed of Daniel Giordano than I am. I'm still trying to become a man to be proud of, especially in your eyes. But I don't want to let time pass me by. Life is precious and I don’t want to live mine being without you. I haven’t been with, or had thoughts of another woman since we met.  My heart has your name written on it, and it will until the day I die. I'm not interested in a one night stand, or messing with your mind. Come to me please. Don’t speak, just come over to me.” Daniel reached out his hand and Katherine took it. 
She was in complete shock. He guided her to his lap and pulled her up close to him. Running his fingers up her back, he unpinned her hair and let it fall down around her shoulders. Putting his hand gently under her chin, he pulled her to his mouth and kissed her like his life depended on him proving his love for her. She let a small moan escaped her mouth, and an enormous relief filled her.
Daniel felt himself turn to putty, and then he reluctantly pulled away from her. “Now what is it you needed to say?” he whispered as he looked into her eyes.
“I don’t want to run anymore, Daniel. I spent my life trusting no one but the man who raised me. When your parents don't even want you, and every guy you put your trust in leaves you, it makes for a pretty empty life. You've shown me this wonderful side of you that's everything I've ever dreamed of in a man. You had many opportunities to abandon ship when you lifted me from the cold ground that day, but not once did you turn your back on me. You willingly changed your plans to be with me in Tennessee and even offered to care for a man you didn't even know. Not one single time did you ask for anything in return. I stopped trusting my judgment when it came to men a long time ago. But sitting here with you, I feel no fear, no guilt, or have a single second thought. For me, you're worth the risk of becoming vulnerable again. I have one more thing to say...”
“Tell me,” said Daniel as he held her even closer. His heart was so full of love, a feeling he’d never experienced before.
She placed her hands on his face and held it. "I love you too."
Katherine stood up and slowly slid her sweater over her head and set it on the chair. Her small but firm breasts were facing him. She carefully unbuttoned her jeans and slid them to the floor. “Come to me please.” Mimicking Daniel’s words wasn’t her plan. Stripping in front of him wasn’t on her agenda either, but there was an overwhelming desire to melt into this man.
Daniel stood, lifted her up in his arms, and gently placed her on the bed. For the first time in his life, he was with a woman who wanted nothing but his heart. He smiled lovingly at her.
He rolled Katherine onto her stomach and slowly kissed up and down each leg with tenderness. He moved his lips up her back and felt her quiver when he locked his fingers with hers. Daniel let as much of his weight as he dared rest on top of her as he moved his hips against her soft flesh. He wanted Katherine to feel what she was doing to him. He chose to remain dressed, letting his hard member throb against the back of her thigh.
Moving her curls to the side, he softly kissed her neck and shoulder, whispering how much he loved her and how breathtaking she looked. He continued to kiss down her back. Little by little he removed her small panties, kissing every place the material had touched. Her breathing quickened.
“Turn back over, Katherine, and watch me.” She turned over onto her back and looked at this gorgeous man who stood at the foot of the bed. He unbuttoned his shirt and tossed it on the floor. Katherine saw the muscles, the tight stomach, and his arousal was clearly evident. Daniel took time undoing his belt and pants, and let them fall to the floor.  He never felt this level of hunger and passion. He crawled back up towards the woman who had finally opened her heart to him, and briefly let his weight rest against her again.
 Lifting his strong upper body and resting on his elbows, Daniel was able to look down upon Katherine’s beautiful face. Her expression was so full of obvious love, passion, and surrender. He needed her to feel safe, and his desires were clear to him. He'd make love to her mind, her body, and her heart, and give to her whatever she wanted.
“I’ll never leave you, Katherine. I never want you in any other bed but mine or in anyone else’s life. I want to wake up with you. I want you to always be with me.”
“I will be,” she whispered, and let her legs open when she felt the full pressure of his hard body against hers. She wanted to wrap him up with both her arms and legs, holding him close with everything she could. Not because he'd leave her, but because she knew he wouldn't.
Daniel moved his hips around, slowly pushing and throbbing up against her wet folds, teasing her with the silk that remained between them. When he sat up between her legs, he looked down at his wet boxers. He'd never felt so turned on in his life. He bent down and gently licked up her inner thigh, then slid his hand under her beautiful butt and pulled her hips to his mouth. Her moisture, sweet taste, and scent, advanced his raging hunger. Her body shuttered in long spasms and she cried out. Daniel held her hips tighter as they rose up to press harder to his mouth.
“I want you,” she whispered, as she helped him lower his boxers.
He took his time as he slid himself slightly inside of her and let her contract around him. He slowly moved until his hips were completely touching her. When he felt Katherine's body tighten, he gently pulled out of her and massaged her sweet, small, sensitive peak with his hard member. She climaxed hard, and it took everything Daniel had to go slow. But when she reached down with her hand, gently messaging her wetness into his hard shaft and then guided him back inside of her, he knew he would lose all restraint. She moved her hips at her chosen rhythm, and he matched it. Daniel moaned loudly as he filled her with his passion, filled her with a promise. He'd never felt closer to anyone in his life.
He rolled onto his back, taking Katherine with him, letting her rest against his body. “I am so in love with you. You don’t know how I dreamed of being able to tell you that.”
“And I can’t tell you how good it feels to hear it and really feel that it’s true. I never felt that before. I never had this passion, this…gift. You are a gift to me.” She gently kissed his lips and let herself melt into him. It wasn’t long before his hand slid down to her bare bottom and pulled her tightly against him. Their love making continued until the two glistening bodies collapsed into a wonderful sleep.


Chapter 15



Francesco went up to the stable and found Rosie brushing down the horses. “Sweetheart, I have to go back to Tennessee.”
“Don’t tell me there’re more problems with Sam.”
“No, that piece of trash confessed to his crimes and will be in jail for a long time, so don’t you worry your pretty head. But the sale went through and I now own the property. Are you sure you don’t want it back in your name?”
“You’re so sweet, but there’s nothing in that town for me. You do whatever you’d like to do with the house and the land. Hopefully, you'll find a good use for it.”
“Well, I kind of have a plan…”



∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



Daniel woke up with the biggest smile on his face. He couldn’t believe any of this was real. Katherine was lying with a leg over his, and her head was resting on his chest. She looked so beautiful to him with her hair all messed up, especially knowing he was responsible for her disheveled appearance. She began to awaken and before she even opened her eyes, she smiled.
“Good morning, beautiful.” He could definitely get used to this.
“Last night was so perfect, and I’m relieved to open my eyes and see that it wasn’t just a dream.” As she looked in his eyes, her stomach growled loudly.
“Here I am after you all the time about eating, and we didn’t even leave the room.”
“I’m hungry,” laughed Katherine. “Would you like to take me to breakfast?”
“You don’t have to ask me twice, m’lady.” He got up, pulled her to her feet, and then headed to the bathroom to turn on the shower. 
He lovingly washed her back, her long hair, and after massaging her shoulders, Daniel turned her to face him. Katherine let her body rest against the wet wall as she pulled him close. He let his hands glide down her hips so he could lift her up. She wrapped her legs around his waist, her back slid gently against the firm surface. His mouth held her pink nipples, and as they perked and hardened, so did his arousal. He pressed his body more firmly against her as his need grew to fill her with all of him. As Daniel kissed her shoulder and neck, he softly whispered, “I’m never going to do anything to lose you again.” 
Holding her up with one hand as he pressed his hips between the strong, slender legs that were wrapped around him, he held her face with the other while their contentment with each other's presence became so obvious. Daniel watched her struggle to keep her eyes open, listened to the moans escape her mouth; the sweetest song he'd ever heard her sing. As they felt the warmth of their sweet release, they smiled. He knew one thing for sure; he would never be able to get enough of Katherine O'Brian. His days of running around were over.
After their shower, she grabbed a towel and dried them both off. “Now I’m really hungry!” 
“I’m pretty starved myself. You sure do know how to make an appetite appear, and I’m not just talking about food.” He smiled and kissed her soft face. 
“Daniel, my clothes are in my room!” 
“Sweetheart, this is your room. That one doesn’t count anymore. I’ll go get your things because I don’t want you over there getting distracted and staying away from me longer than necessary.”
She looked at him lovingly as she approached with outstretched arms.
“You know how much I love you, but if you come near me like that, with nothing on, we’re not going anywhere.” He chuckled and went to gather her things.



∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



The limo picked Francesco up in Nashville and drove him to the hospital. He had a lot to get accomplished today, and most of it would depend on his conversation with Andy O’Brian. Ever since the death of his wife Lillian, he tried to avoid hospitals at all costs, but this was something he had to do for the two most important people in his life. He stopped at the nurse’s station and obtained permission to see him.
“I think you made a wrong turn."
“Are you Andy O’Brian?” Francesco slowly approached the bed. He knew he had the correct room.
“Yeah, but who are you? If you’re here about the bar, I’ve already told the county that I’m working on fixing the place up. The repairs are expensive, so it’s going to take some time.”
“My name is Francesco Giordano, and yes, I’m here about your bar. But I’m not here to do anything other than offer you a business proposition.” He stretched his hand out and, after some suspicious looks from the patient, his handshake was accepted.
“What kind of business proposition? And are you related to Daniel? I believe he said his last name was Giordano, unless he’s given me another fake name.” Andy smiled, but he remained guarded.
Francesco pulled up a chair. “Do you mind if I sit down?”
“Help yourself.”
“The man you speak of is indeed my son, and he’s a very good soul. He used the name of John Williams because of me. I changed his identity and forbid him to use the family name. He had to make some healthy changes in his life, learn to make it on his own, before I could give him Giordano Seas, my shipping business. He proved to me many things that made me proud, and in the process he fell in love with your niece, Katherine.”
“Oh, I’m well aware of their love, I just wish they’d hop to it. Daniel seems like a very fine young man.”
“I understand you feel the need to go back to Prairie and run your bar.”
“Look, I know I’ll probably lose the battle, but if my bar fails, the people in that town will just continue to slide downhill. The place ain’t much, but it’s a welcomed reprieve for folks.” 
“Are you aware of Montoose Farm?”
“I know that a lowlife named Sam Montoose burned the barn down.”
“Rosie owned it. I love her deeply, and there are many painful memories buried on that property for her. Albert Montoose, her late husband, wasn’t a very good man. I now own the three hundred acres, and I’ve offered to hand it over, but she doesn’t want anything to do with it. I thought maybe you could help me with turning it into something good.” 
“Mr. Giordano, I can’t run a three hundred acre farm.”
“This isn't about keeping the farm, so to speak. I discovered there's only one place in town where people can rent an apartment. A woman named Beatrice owns the small complex. It’s not suitable for living, and she has the financial means to clean the place up, but she refuses to do so. And please, call me Francesco.”
“What does that have to do with my bar?”
“I’m willing to build a very nice apartment complex there on the three hundred acres. I’d like to put in a pool and restaurant, and then rebuild your bar on it. I’d like to move your business.”
“Wait, you want to move my bar?”
“Yes, you’ll still be the owner. The building will be bigger and brand new. I checked with the county and I have their permission to rezone, but the paperwork needs to be completed. I have my attorneys working on that, and I’m doing this with my Rosie’s blessing. You’ll have a nice apartment, and I’m willing to pay off any money or fines that are attached to your current business. I want to resurrect the barn and turn it into something nice. Perhaps a special dance place when a larger building is needed, for say, special events we could hold. I want to hold a meeting with the townspeople and find out what they’d like to see happen. The people in Prairie need to be involved. I’m not there to take over the town, so don't think that's my intention. I just want to help the people.”
“How much is your take?”
“I don’t need any money. My ideas originated from my son and our mutual love for Rosie. The only requests that I have are regarding the sign and a couple other things, which I’ll get to. I want Montoose Farm removed, as Rosie and I are getting married. She won’t have that last name anymore. But I’d like the name on the sign out front to read “Rosie’s.” That would be very healing for her. She needs to have new memories of that place so the old ones can stop haunting her. The bar can be called whatever you’d like.”
“Most of the people in Prairie don’t have the money to be renting a fancy apartment. I’m afraid it would just sit there empty.”
“I’ll insist that the rent on the apartments be a sliding scale, and I’ll hire the staff to run everything. There are many people who owe me favors in the business world and I plan on involving as many of them as I can. I need to offer Beatrice a job and give her the opportunity to make money the honest way, not by taking advantage of people. It's not my mission to bring her harm, but I will be taking her customers. There can be a separate restaurant, and Rosie can design the menus if she’s willing. She’s a glorious cook! With three hundred acres we could turn the grounds into something really special.”
“I don’t think that’s going to be good enough to get people to come back to Prairie.” Andy wanted so badly to believe in these plans.
“We could hold art fairs, as I’m sure there’s a lot of local talent. Rosie told me she sold some of her quilts in one, but it was located in Nashville. The art fair was her idea. Perhaps we could build more things and bring some attention back to Prairie." Francesco paused, cleared his throat, and continued. "Part of the property will stay as it is. There is a beautiful meadow that holds a special meaning for both Rosie and my son. That’s to be left untouched.”
“Francesco, you’re talking about a lot of money. I am seriously in debt.”
“No, you’re not in debt. I’m prepared to take care of all your financial obligations, as well as any medical bills you accrue. I will pay off the bar, but I want the current building to be torn down.”
“Wait, why are you doing this? You don’t even know me.”
“I know my son, and he loves your niece Katherine. That makes us family, and I take care of my own. In due time, the farm will take care of itself and you’ll be making money. Until that time comes, I’ll handle the costs. You have nothing to lose, and from what I understand, your bar isn’t that far from the farm, so your regular customers shouldn’t have a problem returning. If there’s anything you want to add to the plans, by all means let me know. You can even have that kind of singing show..uh..like whatever you call it.”
“Karaoke?” Andy laughed.
“Yes, that is the word.”
“I want a list of some people who are interested in running businesses, and who deserve the help. I’d like to put in some specialty shops and boost the town. Maybe add a bakery and other things. Sounds good, no?” The old Italian spoke fast and with much enthusiasm. 
“Francesco, I don’t know what to say.” Andy had never felt so humble in his life. This can't be real. Francesco Giordano is sounding like a politician.
“Just say you’re in! I can’t run anything, as I reside in New York. I’ll pay you well until we can make the land lucrative. I have more money than I could ever spend, and I’m not getting any younger.”
“Is your last name going to be on the town now? Are you planning on running for some kind of office?” Andy asked firmly.
“My name is on my business. I’m doing this to help the people I love. That is the only reason. I will have many papers drawn up and involve the town, government officials, and wealthy businessmen. I'll make sure my motives don't end up being tainted. I won't leave any room for someone to take advantage of your town.”
Andy stared at the man for a long time. "I want to see all paperwork before anything gets started. The people couldn't handle any bad surprises."
"I'll hire you and put it in writing that you have final approval. I promise you, Francesco Giordano hurts no one. I am an honest man. Hurting that town would mean hurting you, which would mean I'd hurt Katherine and my son. Rosie would fall out of love with me. I will never allow that to happen."
Andy looked him in the eyes. “Listen, do you know what's worse than having money and losing it all faster than you got it? Having it happen again. I mean, I'm glad you're rich and all, but if you fall back on your word, I'll be worse off than when I started, and so will the rest of the people. I’ll think about your offer, but if I smell a rat--”
“I’ll be seeing you in Prairie.”
The nurse came in with a lunch tray and sat it in front of Andy. He lifted the lid. “This stuff isn’t even food!”
“Andy, you must understand you have to be healthy in order to take on a business venture that will last for years to come. If you don’t take care of yourself, there’s no point in doing any of this. Katherine needs you.” Francesco stood up, reached over and grasped his hand again. “I’ll talk to you soon. Enjoy your lunch and get strong. We have lots to do.”
Andy watched as Francesco left the room. He hadn’t been expecting much out of this life, but perhaps now things could change. He wasn't one to take another man's word, so he decided to wait and see if the rich fellow could be trusted. After all, he wasn't born yesterday.



Daniel was walking hand in hand with Katherine in the direction of the hospital. He stopped to answer his phone.
“Daniel!”
“Father, I’m so glad you called. I have a lot to tell you.” He smiled at Katherine.
“Actually I’m in Prairie at the farm, and I have things to tell you also. But I wondered if you could fly back to New York with me. In five days the business will be yours, so we need to go to my office. Can you fly home with me?”
“Are you leaving now?” He looked at the curious expression on Katherine's face.
“I’m driving back to Nashville and having a bite to eat first.”
“Let me call you in just a few minutes.”
“Is something wrong?” she asked when he hung up the phone.
“Sweetheart, I have to go back to New York. Will you come with me? The final arrangements need to be made regarding Giordano Seas. I don’t want to be away from you.”
“Let me talk to my uncle, then we can go pack our things. I’m not going to live my life through other people anymore.” He bent down to taste her sweet lips. His smile was wide.




They walked into the hospital room and heard someone whistling. 
“Uncle Andy, you’re very happy today. I haven’t heard you whistle like that since I was a little girl.” 
“Daniel, your father is quite a character.” Andy gave Katherine a big hug and shook Daniel’s hand.
“Yes, he's amazing. Did he call you?”
“No, my boy, he came to visit me. You won’t believe what he’s offered. Seriously, you’re not going to believe this.”
They sat down and listened to Andy recite the words from Francesco.
“Uncle Andy, it all sounds like a great opportunity for you and Prairie, but you don't seem very thrilled.”
“It’s been many years since I looked forward to the next day. Now, I could possibly be looking forward to the next chapter of my life. But what if he's playing with me? I don't mean any disrespect, Daniel.”
"None taken. You need to know my father is a man of his word. If he says he's going to do something, he will. Anyone who tried to stand in his way would lose. You can trust him completely."
Katherine sat on the side of the bed. “I want to ask if you’d be okay if I left with Daniel to go to New York. He has some business he needs to take care of. I'll skip all the mushy details, but you were right."
“Oh? That's something I don't often get to hear. What was I right about?"
“You gave me the courage to open up my heart. I did, and Daniel and I are very happy together.”
“Look, doll face, I don’t need a babysitter in here, I have plenty of them. Go to New York, get married and start a family. I’ve already told you not to waste time with someone you love," said Andy with his voice full of compassion.
“Did you want to come to New York and recuperate? We would really like to spend as much time with you as we can.” Daniel hoped he'd say yes.
“I can’t travel for a few weeks, but when I can I’d love to come and visit. But my home is in Prairie.” Andy was growing tired of people trying to convince him to leave his home. He knew they meant well, but he was going back to Prairie.
“Seems like you and Francesco have a lot of plans, and I’m very excited for you.” Katherine held her uncles hand.
“I’m not going to close the bar until the other one is opened. I know that'll take some time, and I'll still have to deal with the county about repairs, but at least the folks will have something to look forward to. Francesco promised me he'd give all the jobs to the people in Prairie first, which sure would save a lot of homes and boost morale in that town.”
“Speaking of work, how about we have someone else run the bar, that way you could just over see things and still have time for the new projects. You also have to eat better, don’t forget.”
“I’ll look for someone when the new stuff begins, but it's impossible right now. I don’t have any money to pay them.” Andy let out a boisterous laugh.
“No, I’ll hire someone for you. Not unless you have a person in mind,” Daniel quickly said. He clearly saw the pain on Andy's face.
“When my attention has to be on other things, I have someone in mind. There's a local farmer who works three minimum wage jobs to support his wife and four children. They barely scrape by. He's a good friend, but I’m afraid he wouldn’t make much money working at my bar.”
“He will indeed make money, and so will you. Give me his number and I’ll offer him the job. You’ll definitely live comfortably while we build up that land. Everyone in the Giordano family is taken care of. That includes you.” Daniel spoke seriously, while placing his hand on Andy's arm. He looked him in the eyes.
“I don’t understand this, really. You and Katherine have only recently found each other, and yet you and your father consider me family.”
“Trust me, Andy. In our hearts, you’re family. But Katherine and I have to get going. My father is waiting for us in Nashville. We’ll call you soon to check in, and if any problems arise or you aren’t getting the care you should be given in here, we’ll be on our way back in a flash.”
Andy turned to his happy niece. “You need to marry this man. He has a good heart.” He watched Katherine blush, and Daniel smile. He had a feeling that that's exactly what the young man had in mind.

Chapter 16



When Francesco saw his son’s face, the look in his eyes, he knew it was because of Katherine. He witnessed the way they spoke to each other, their loving glances, and soft touches, and was happy to finally see Daniel give his heart to someone. 
When the jet took off, they discussed the plans for the land, and Francesco even told them about his engagement to Rosie. They wanted to have a wedding on a Christmas day because he felt like that would be the greatest gift to one another. They planned it for next year, and Rosie was excited to make her own dress. He asked Daniel to be his best man.
“Father, I’d be honored! I’m so happy for the both of you, and I absolutely love Rosie.”
“So do I, Daniel, so do I. Katherine, I'm very glad you're coming to New York. Remember to make yourself at home. There are no strangers under my roof." Francesco reached over and patted her hand. 
She couldn’t help but feel the huge amount of love that was around, within, and for her. When the conversations had quieted down and Francesco closed his eyes, Katherine put the headphones on and chose a music selection. First, she started out humming as she closed her own eyes. Without even thinking about it, she started to sing. 
Daniel was falling in love even more. He watched his father's eyes spring open when Katherine's gorgeous voice began singing without music, at least none that they could hear, with complete perfection.
The old man stared at his son. Daniel nodded and looked at his father, knowing her voice was nourishing his soul too.
“Canti come un angelo!!” Francesco exclaimed, much louder than he wanted to. He sat straight up and stared at Katherine with his eyes wide and mouth open.
She abruptly stopped singing and removed the headphones. Daniel sighed heavily.
“I’m sorry, Francesco, I didn’t hear you. Did I do something wrong? You two are staring at me.” Katherine began to get uncomfortable. Maybe she did something outside of proper etiquette, but Daniel seemed very laid back. She didn’t understand. 
“My father said, ‘You sing like an angel.’ I could listen to you sing forever.”
Katherine blushed and turned the music off. “I’m sorry, sometimes I sing and I don’t even realize it. I didn’t mean to wake you up, Francesco. I know you were trying to rest.”
“Rest?! Your voice is incredible!”
“I owe Daniel only twelve more songs then!” she laughed.
“I hired a recording studio called Blue Nights, in Manhattan. Someday I’d hoped to get her in there, but I know she’s not going to go. I won’t even bother to book a date.” Daniel laughed and held her close to him. 



When the limo drove up to the estate, Katherine gasped. “You live here?”
“Well so do you, so don’t say anything bad about us to the neighbors,” Daniel jokingly responded.
“Look! The horses are here!” She remembered them with fondness.
“That was a surprise for Rosie, from my father. You can visit them anytime you’d like. They’re so gentle.”
“I asked Rosie to marry me right there in that stable. I got down on one knee and surprised her with a ring,” said Francesco with a smile.
“You got down on one knee?” Daniel was quite impressed.
“Well, I had a little bit of help from the post, but it was harder getting up. I’d do anything for that woman!" he exclaimed.
Carl arrived and opened the limo door. “Welcome, Katherine, follow me and I’ll take you to your room,” he smiled and said, as he offered her his arm.
She linked her arm in his as he led her up the stairs. Daniel followed close behind and hoped her room wasn't in a different wing. Even though he wanted her in his bed, he had no intentions of disrespecting his father.
“Here we are,” said the smiling butler as he opened the door to a very large, beautifully decorated room. 
The first thing Daniel noticed was the white quilt, which had little blue flowers sewn on it. “This is just like the one I had on my bed at the farm…” He walked over and ran his hand across the soft fabric.
“Yes, Rosie made it for you.” 
Rosie went out of her way to make something special so Katherine would feel at home. His love and respect for the older woman grew tremendously. “My room is about six doors down on the right, Katherine. If you’d like I’ll show it to you.”
“This is your room too, Daniel, your father insisted.”
He stood there looking stunned for a moment, then thanked Carl profusely before he left. Daniel threw his arms around Katherine so excitedly, her feet lifted from the ground. “Welcome home, baby."



After he helped unpack Katherine’s things, Daniel led her downstairs by the hand and into his father's study.
“Francesco, I can’t thank you enough,” Katherine said. She wanted to say more, but the last thing she needed was to break down in tears in front of this kind man. Everything that he and Daniel had done for her and her uncle was overwhelming. 
“You’re family. My son loves you, therefore I love you. Rosie is on the way in from visiting the horses, and she's been really looking forward to seeing you both.”
“And here I am!” Rosie walked in with perfect timing and threw her arms around Daniel. “I’ve missed you so much!”
“I’ve missed you too. Father told me about your engagement, and I couldn’t be happier. I love you both so much.” 
“I always wanted a son like you. I can spoil you more frequently now, Daniel.” She winked and patted his face.
“Speaking of spoiled, that quilt you made…it’s a replica of the one that was in my room on the farm.”
“I knew how much you liked that quilt, and when it burned in the fire, I had to make another one. It’s just like the old one, only a little bit bigger.”
“Thank you.” Daniel kissed her cheek and wrapped his arms around her. “Have you met Katherine?”
“I’ve seen her uncle a few times, but I wasn’t able to get out much. Nice to finally meet this special girl I’ve heard so much about.” She gave Katherine a strong hug.
“Through Daniel, I feel like I already know you. You’re one amazing woman.” Katherine smiled.
“I imagine you two are simply starving.” Rosie was well aware of the power of breaking bread amongst friends and family. She quickly sensed how nervous the young girl was and could easily relate. Anything she could to do help was her priority.
“Three of us are starving!” Francesco announced.
“Four,” laughed Rosie as she headed off toward the kitchen. She'd grown on the chef, and he treated her like an equal, even asking for her advice sometimes. 
No one was more thrilled over the peace that returned to the mansion than Carl.



∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



When Andy was discharged, a limo was waiting to drive him from Nashville to Prairie. He was relieved because he had no money in his pockets for cab fare. All of his friends had gathered at The Corral and surprised him when he stepped inside. The staff had done a good job in keeping the place running, and he was grateful. 
"Here, Andy, this was delivered for you yesterday," said Emily.
He took the large envelope and pulled out the contents. Francesco made good on his promise. "Paid in Full" was stamped across several papers from companies Andy owed money to, including one from the bank for the loan he took out to purchase the bar. He excused himself and picked up the phone in the back room. Reaching in his wallet, he pulled out a number he thought he'd never get to call.
"Francesco, Andy here."
"You got home safe and sound I take it?"
"You weren't blowing smoke up my backside. Thanks for bailing me out like this. I sure do appreciate it."
"I'm a man of my word. You'll be getting some papers from the hospital as well showing your account balance is zero. I've hired some men to come out to the bar next week to do the minimum repairs to keep the county satisfied. It's important we start on the project as soon we can because that structure is in bad shape. I think it's wasteful to keep investing in a building we plan on demolishing. Surely you can understand that," explained Francesco.
"I don't know what to say for all you've done," said Andy humbly.
"Well, for starters I'd like to have your trust and ask you to agree to work with me. By midweek you should have a proposal to look over describing some of the plans we discussed. So let me ask you, Andy. Are you with me on this?"
"Yeah, I'm in." Andy agreed.
"I need you on this one hundred percent. Daniel mentioned he offered to hire someone to run the bar until the new one is open?"
"He did, but that's a lot of money."
"You hire whoever you'd like and I'll send you a salary suggestion for both the temporary manager as well as yourself. Remember, if you're not satisfied, we'll fix the amount until you are."
"I know you're not in this to lose a mess of money, so explain to me how you expect to be paid back. It'll take me the rest of my life to do that."
"It's spelled out very clearly in the papers you'll receive. I'm already rich, Andy, so I'm not in this to make money. I was honest with you about my motives. You enjoy your evening, and we'll talk soon, yes?"
"I'll call you when I get em'." Even though Francesco was very convincing, he wouldn't open his mouth about the plans for Prairie until he had the proof in his hands. So far, rich man had followed through with helping him personally, but he had no intentions of getting the hopes up of others for no reason. Good intentions weren't what the town needed.


∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



Now that Daniel had taken over the company, Francesco had more free time to devote to both Rosie and Tennessee. She still wanted nothing to do with the property, but he still held out hope that her mind would change. Every time the topic of the farm came up, he watched her pain rise to the surface. She never complained, but he could tell her past weighed heavily on her. No matter how much it took, or how many mountains he had to move, he'd give her the carefree life she deserved. When Francesco felt passionate about something, nothing could stop him. But he didn't want to do anything without Andy O'Brian's blessing, which he got the day Andy received the proposal.
"Wait a minute and let me clarify something. You're going to double my salary?"
"You'll be a busy man. I'll be in town in a few days to get business accounts set up and teach you how to use them. Now that you have my proposal in your hands, it's time for you to start spreading the word in Prairie. The more folks we get involved, the better. I need you to get me a list of everyone in your town, and what their work experience is so we can have our employees lined up when we break ground. You'll need a few suits, Andy. We got a lot of deep pocketed people to impress next week."



∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



The people of Prairie were afraid to be excited about a future that could disappear as quick as it came in. Words were cheap in their eyes. But when local advertisements, and newspaper articles began to appear, positive chatter began to take place at The Corral. Andy conducted interviews in the bar, which normally included a beer or two. But they were hired, and the morale in town was really lifting. The plans for Prairie had gotten attention all the way to Nashville, with support at both the state and government level. 
Francesco was amazed at all the great ideas and requests that were pouring in from the men and women in town. One of the most important was their demand to keep Prairie's character. They were adamant about no chain restaurants or stores. It became clear enough that the little three hundred acre project was turning into something much larger scaled. That was okay with Francesco. If his plans to help his family started a ball rolling for Andy and the locals to pick up and continue on, that would be a good thing. Rosie continued to avoid every topic concerning forty-seven Shenandoah Road.



∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



Daniel phoned Katherine the day after he took over Giordano Seas and said he’d be late and was tied up at the office. She hoped he wouldn’t have to be late every night, but understood if he did.
He left his office on the twenty-eighth floor and stopped at his secretary’s desk. 
“Are you on your way home, Mr. Giordano?” 
“No, I have to be someplace. If Katherine should call, could you tell her I’m in a meeting? I need to pick her out a Christmas gift.” His secretary nodded and smiled. Daniel headed for the elevator.



Traffic was thick, but Daniel wasn't about to let anything destroy his mood today. He walked into the office of the top jeweler in New York.
“Here it is, Daniel, I finished last night. Is this what you wanted?”
“Marcus, you outdid yourself. This is exquisite, and Katherine's going to love it. The engravings finished?”
“Yes, and it’s ready to go. Do you need me to wrap it?”
“No, I’ll take care of it. You did great work, Marcus. Thank you so much.”
Daniel climbed into his pickup truck and drove home. He was hoping he’d be able to contain his smile until Christmas arrived. He could easily shower her with other gifts as well, but she was a woman who only accepted what she needed. She had credit cards she didn't use, and full access to his accounts she didn't touch. He had plenty of opportunities to lavish her with gifts, but an engagement ring was something he only planned on buying once in his life, and knew she'd be very surprised.



Katherine sat on the side of the bed, staring down at her forty dollars she had left. What am I supposed to buy for forty dollars? This is horrible! She didn’t have enough money to get anything for these sweet people, let alone her uncle. I have nothing to give to them. She cried a long time. When she heard Francesco’s booming voice greeting Daniel, she fled for their huge adjoining bathroom and climbed in the shower. She didn’t want him to see her tear-stained face. Even though she knew she wasn't under any obligation to give gifts, she wanted to do so, especially with all that she'd already received.
She always sang in the shower, so she knew she had to act normal. She lifted her voice and sang, trying not to let her voice crack with sorrow. 
Daniel walked in the room and heard the sounds that he loved so much. He didn’t want to interrupt her, and he was sure she’d stop if she knew he was listening. He sat in a chair and let the beautiful sounds flow through him. When he heard the shower turn off, he rose to his feet and walked to the bathroom.
“You should sing your words and never worry about talking. Honestly, it’s the most beautiful sound I’ve ever heard. Your voice is such a treasure to me.” Daniel wrapped her up in his arms and kissed her passionately.
Then it hit her. She’d have to get busy and be very sneaky, but she had an idea. 




Daniel got up at five the following morning, had breakfast with Rosie, and then left for work. Katherine was wide awake and waited until she saw him drive off the estate before throwing on her clothes. She fired up her laptop and searched for recording studios. Hopefully she’d find the one Daniel had rented. She was so excited when she recognized the name Blue Nights. She anxiously dialed the number.
“We’re not officially open yet."
“I have to have the CD for Christmas. Please! Daniel Giordano rented the studio but didn’t book a date.”
“Is your name Katherine O’Brian?”
“Yes. Daniel rented the studio for me.”
“Well, why didn’t you say so? Come on down if you can. I have a group coming in at three-thirty so I’ll call and see if they want to reschedule. It’s pretty slow this close to Christmas. My name's Warren, and I'll see you when you get here.”
“I’ll be there shortly. Thank you!”
Katherine pushed the button that would alert Carl he was needed. 
“Miss Katherine, good morning. Did you need my assistance?”
“Can you keep a secret and help me?”
“Oh my…Is it dangerous?” Carl grinned.
“Only the traffic, I think.”
“Do you need a driver?” He asked with a smile.
“I need one to take me into Manhattan. It’s for a Christmas gift, so everyone needs to keep quiet.”
“I’ll make sure the driver doesn’t ever disclose his whereabouts. When do you wish to depart and then return?”
“I need to leave now, and I’m not sure when I can come back.”
“Very well, gather your things and I’ll have a driver pick you up at the side entrance. That way you won’t have to go past Francesco’s study.”
“Thank you so much!” She tip-toed and planted a kiss on Carl’s cheek. The red glow and smile on his face spoke volumes.


∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



When she knocked on the studio door, Warren unlocked it and let her inside. 
“It’s freezing out there, Ms. O'Brian I should have had the door unlocked, but this way we shouldn’t get interrupted. Do you have a song list? I have plenty of music here.”
“Please, call me Katherine. I need to make four CD’s. Is that okay? I don’t need anything special, I just want my voice recorded.”
“That’s a lot of songs, but let me see your list and we can get started.” Warren smiled and hoped that she sang as beautifully as Daniel Giordano claimed. If not, it was going to be one hell of a long day. 
After getting Katherine in the booth and explaining some things to her, he asked about the order of songs and which CD she wanted to do first.
“I want to do Daniel’s first. I didn't have much money of my own, so I thought if I sang him some love songs it would make a good gift.” 
“Wow, that’s super sweet. There aren’t many women like you these days. This’ll be fun, Katherine, and I know it’ll be quite a nice Christmas surprise.” He walked outside of the recording room and found the first song.
When the music began, she closed her eyes and pictured Daniel’s beautiful face. Katherine imagined herself in a room alone with him, so she wouldn't get too nervous.
Warren was absolutely stunned. This woman sang like she'd been recording for years. He made a quick phone call and told his producer friend, Luis Thompson, about Katherine O'Brian.
“I have a goldmine in the studio. Her voice is like no other.” Warren hung up and did his magic as he listened to this amazing woman. He’d never heard anyone sing with such passion.  Every single word she sang was felt by him as the goose bumps rose on his flesh.



By the time Katherine finished the recordings, she'd sang fourteen for Daniel, three for her uncle, Rosie, and Francesco, and three for Carl, because he was always so kind. She took plenty of breaks to let her voice recover and drank lots of water. At five in the evening she walked to the door.
“Thank you so much for your help, Warren. It was a pleasure to meet you.”
“No, Katherine, listening to you sing was totally my pleasure. I have someone who really wants to meet you.” A strange man walked into the room and offered her his hand.
“My name’s Luis Thompson. I was in the back listening to you singing, and I’d like for you to consider something for me over the holidays.”
“I’m sorry, I didn’t know anyone else was in here.” She felt her cheeks burn.
“Don’t be sorry. Your voice is one that the whole world should hear. I would like to speak to you about a recording contract. I’ve been looking for a unique voice to sign and, thanks to you, I found it. I don’t need an answer today, but here’s my card. You can call me at your leisure and we’ll set up an appointment. You are utterly amazing.” Luis Thompson left the studio with a smile on his face.
“You don't even realize how good you are, Katherine, do you? This is the deal of a lifetime. You go home and research this man. You’ll see what I mean,” encouraged Warren.
“Thank you so much for your help. I had a lot of fun, but my ride is here, and I have to get to the house before Daniel does.” She shook Warren's hand, gathered her belongings, and walked out the door.



Katherine didn’t know what to think. Her hands were shaking as she held the four CD’s. I hope these are good enough gifts. But she would continue to worry. She ran as fast as she could in the side door of the mansion. She rang for Carl and asked him to bring up some tape so she could secure them to the back of the nightstand. Daniel would never find them there. Before she did, she looked at the plain CD cases. Now what am I going to do? She ran out of time and had to get them quickly hidden from view, but what seemed like a great resolution for her dilemma over money, was coming undone. She realized her gifts would never be perfect or comparable to anything she'd already been given, but giving something plain and ugly was out of the question.
Katherine tossed and turned most of the night. But after many hours of trying to figure out a way to make her gifts the best she could, an idea struck. Satisfied with her new plan, she fell fast asleep.

Chapter 17

The next morning, Katherine waited until Daniel was gone, then summoned Carl.
“I need you to take a picture of me. I want to wear my beautiful blue coat and go down by the horses. Can you do that and not tell anyone?”
“Of course, but I’m not very good at taking pictures. I’m sure there’s a camera around here someplace.”
“Okay, you go look for the camera, and I’ll try and make myself look pretty!”
“Katherine, you don’t have to try.” He smiled and closed the door.
An hour later, Carl knocked on her door. She opened it and stood in front of him. 
“How do I look? Is this okay?”
Katherine’s strawberry blonde hair was loose and flowed down her blue coat. She was wearing just a hint of soft makeup, and her eyes looked so incredibly green.
“If you were my daughter I’d never let you out of your room. You are simply the most beautiful young woman I’ve ever seen. We should hurry up though; Rosie is in the shower and will tend to the horses soon.”
"Thank you for your help, Carl," she said and followed him out the door.
Katherine had the photos sent to a computer that Carl had escorted her to. She was able to create a beautiful border and write on the covers. After trimming them up with scissors, she slipped them in the cases, and then carefully wrapped each one. This would be a Christmas she would either be very happy, or scared to death that maybe her voice wasn’t good enough to be recorded. She didn’t know which. But it was all she could give. 
She couldn’t believe she’d gone as far as to title Daniel's CD the way that she did. What was I thinking? Maybe it’s too soon. Maybe Daniel will be offended with my words. I can't believe I asked him to marry me on a CD case! If he doesn’t say yes, I’m going to feel like a fool. I shouldn’t have written titles. But it was too late to change anything.



On Christmas morning, Katherine pretended to be asleep, but had been awake for hours. Her stomach was a wreck. Her mind was swarming with second thoughts. She felt like she'd do nothing but make a fool of herself in front of everyone. Suddenly she felt Daniel wrap his arms around her.
“Merry Christmas, my love.” He softly kissed her face. 
“Merry Christmas, sweetheart. You look so cute when you wake up on Christmas morning.” She kissed the tip of his nose, then climbed out of bed. She walked over to the dresser to pull some clothes out so she could look presentable. She felt like she was getting ready to have the worst Christmas ever. How could I have come up with such a lousy idea?
“No, no, no. On Christmas morning we all go downstairs to the tree in our pj’s. We don't get dressed until after breakfast. It’s tradition,” he said with a laugh.
“I won't complain about that!” Katherine put her clothes back up and grabbed a pair of pj's out of the drawer. They certainly couldn't leave their room as they were. She hoped Daniel wouldn't notice what a wreck she was inside.
“Come on, hot stuff, let’s go on downstairs. My father is always the first one awake. He still gets up to turn on all the lights, and you’ll soon see that he acts like a little kid on Christmas,” Daniel said while he laughed and rolled his eyes.
“Okay I’m all set to go. I just want to brush my hair real quick.” Katherine went inside the bathroom and shut the door. She had hidden the wrapped CD’s in the cabinet, underneath some towels. She quietly pulled them out and slid them in her pocket.
Daniel was waiting by the door for her. He discretely felt for the box in his robe pocket, took her by the hand, and then led her down the steps. God, I hope she says yes…Maybe it’s too soon for her though.
Rosie had the coffee made, and she greeted them with just as much excitement as Francesco did when they came in the front room. The tree was so elegantly decorated and huge. Francesco had soft carols playing, and a toy train was circling underneath the tree. There were lots of lights everywhere. 
"Merry Christmas, my family! Sit down, my sweet Rosie. I have something for you."
She sat down on the sofa and patted the cushion for Daniel and Katherine to come sit beside her. Francesco handed her a beautifully wrapped present. 
"Oh, this is so elegantly wrapped." She slowly took off the paper, trying not to tear it. She opened the hinged case and saw a breathtaking sapphire and diamond necklace with matching earrings. She sucked in her breath. "Francesco..."
"Rosie, I have something else for you too!" He reached under the tree and picked up an envelope with a bow on it and handed it to her.
She opened the envelope carefully and pulled out its contents. I don't understand."
"That's our itinerary for Paris. You said to me when you were a little girl, you dreamed of going to France. I thought you'd enjoy going with me. I want to show you the world and this is the best place to start!"
"I love everything, but you spent way too much money on me..."
"You are the light of my life, my sweetness. I'm allowed to spoil you as much as I want."
Rosie threw her arms around him and held on for a moment before bending down and picking up two boxes. She handed them to Francesco. Rosie had knitted him a navy blue pullover sweater that looked professionally made, along with two pairs of blue jeans. In the second box was a pair of sneakers. She couldn't believe how much this grown man resembled a little boy when he tore open his presents and got so excited.
"Rosie! I don't have things like this! I'm going to put this sweater on right now!" Francesco did just that. He also took off his slippers and put the sneakers on. Everything fit perfectly. He proudly stood there in bright white sneakers, the new knitted sweater, and black silk pajama bottoms.
Daniel admired his father's attire, then stood up and walked to the tree. He pulled out a couple of boxes and handed them to him. Inside were two flannel shirts and a nice camera.
Francesco held up each shirt and made funny remarks about matching with his son.
"Oh, Daniel, thank you!"
"You're welcome, Father. I can show you how to work the camera this afternoon." Then Daniel walked over and took Rosie by the hand and helped her up. She looked at him with a puzzled expression. He led her to a room down on the main floor that had been kept locked. He slowly opened the door to reveal a beautiful sewing machine, a nice work table, and everything she’d need to do craft projects.
“Oh my God…” whispered Rosie, as her hands came to her face.
“I did it for selfish reasons too. Now you can make many quilts and be comfortable doing so,” said Daniel as he kissed her cheek.
Rosie walked around the room and touched her new machine and the beautiful oak work station. The walls had rows of thread, yarn, and everything else she’d need. Tears slid down her face. Daniel hugged her again and wiped the tears off her cheeks.
"Daniel, thank you. Besides your father, you are the only one who ever saw any value in anything I made or did. One time Albert was drunk and burned all my--"
"Rosie, this is your home now. He can never hurt you again. You're going to be my mother soon so you better get used to being spoiled." He winked and kissed her cheek.
"Being a mother to you will be my honor."
Rosie walked around in the room for a bit longer as Daniel, Francesco, and Katherine watched her. After softly wiping her eyes, she went next to Francesco and held his hand.
"Francesco and I have something special for the both of you."
"Yes, children, come outside." The old man was grinning and could barely contain his excitement. He put on his coat and shoes, and asked everyone else to do the same.
After Rosie led them out the front door, she looked back over her shoulder and nodded at Carl. He smiled, then turned to leave. She instructed Daniel and Katherine to close their eyes, hold her hands, and walk with her. Finally they came to a stop. “Are you two ready?”
“Yes, but it’s chilly out here!” Daniel laughed. It really wasn’t too bitter and there wasn’t a wind.
“Okay, open your eyes!” Francesco voice boomed.
"The solid black horse is for you, Daniel. She's five years old and her name is Lola. Katherine, the one with the white star is yours. She's seven, and her name is Clementine. There are saddles in the barn and we've arranged for riding lessons for the both of you. I'll teach you how to take care of them."
“You guys got me a horse!” Daniel yelled.
"I've wanted a horse since I was a little girl!" Katherine's eyes watered. “Can we ride them?” 
Daniel, having never ridden a horse before, just stared. "I wouldn't mind seeing you riding around in those cute pj's."
“Kids, let’s get back inside. I’m old!” Francesco laughed and hugged them both as they headed back in the house.   
When they were gathered back around the tree, Daniel watched Katherine start to remove something from her pocket. He stopped her, then looked at her face and gently lifted her chin with his hand. He kissed her softly on her forehead, then her lips, and slowly pulled her to sit on the sofa next to him. “I love you beyond words. I have no doubt in my mind that you’re the one I want to spend the rest of my life with. Your Uncle Andy was right when he said we shouldn’t waste time with the one we love. I know what it was like not to have you, and I never want to experience that again. The day you opened your heart up to me was the happiest day of my life.” He stood up, keeping his eyes on hers, then got down on one knee. He pulled the box out of his pocket and opened it up. It was a beautiful three carat diamond with a special golden band, which Daniel had helped design. It had two gold strands woven together that wrapped around the outside of it, to represent each other. He slid the ring on her finger. “Katherine, will you marry me?”
She couldn’t speak for a moment. She just sobbed and didn’t even think about who was there. “Daniel, there is no one else for me. Yes. Today, tomorrow, and every day after that, I'll say yes.” She threw her face into Daniel's chest and felt his arms embrace her. It took her a few minutes to regain her composure, and when she did, she heard the cheers from Rosie and Francesco.
Daniel lifted her hand to his lips and kissed it, and smiled at the ring’s perfect fit. He wanted to wait and let her find the engraving on her own. 
After lots of hugs and kisses, she knew her turn had come. Katherine stood up and looked at each person in the room. “I’ll admit that there wasn’t any way I could afford to match any of the gifts you all have given to me, but I hope you like them." Daniel, this is for you.” She handed him the wrapped box. 
He took the small gift, and slowly removed the paper. Inside was a CD case with a picture of her standing in between Daisy and Patches. His breath caught in his throat. He read the title, smiled, and looked into her eyes. “Yes, baby, I will marry you.” He carefully opened up the case and, with a huge smile on his face, walked over to the sound system. He knew she had purchased him a collection of love songs and probably spent her last dime buying songs to download onto the CD. He put the disc in and turned it on. He certainly didn't expect to hear Katherine’s sweet voice flow through the room. She sang for me. Daniel closed his eyes when they threatened to spill over. He slowly walked over to Katherine, held her close to him, and danced with her through the entire song. He smiled when he saw Francesco and Rosie begin to dance too. 
“Do you like it?” Katherine whispered in his ear.
“Besides you, this is the best gift I’ve ever received in my life. I wish you could actually see everything I feel right now. You will have my heart forever,” Daniel said as he held her tightly.
When the song ended, Katherine turned off the CD and then handed a package to Rosie and Francesco. She picked out two beautiful songs for them from Italy, and two from the South. All were love songs, as a tribute to them both. Then Katherine pushed the button and in walked Carl. She handed him a package. Carl looked puzzled, as Francesco had celebrated Christmas with the staff two days ago. 
As he opened it and saw the beautiful young lady on the front. The CD was titled “For All You Do,” and she sang three songs from Broadway productions that he’d mentioned he liked. 
“Thank you so much, Miss Katherine.” Carl stood there with the biggest smile. Finally she gave him a kiss on the cheek and wished him Merry Christmas.
“Rosie, look at this!” Francesco turned the CD case to face her. “For My Family.” 
“You can call us that anytime!” Rosie chimed.
 The smiles on everyone's faces spoke a thousand words.



After breakfast was over, Daniel led Katherine up the stairs. “You sang for me.” He put his arms around her and held her close to him. He never would have believed, in a million years, that he'd be this loved and happy. He smiled down at her face and slowly kissed her mouth.
Katherine felt so relieved that this morning turned out wonderfully. "I was so worried. I wasn't sure if my voice would be good enough. By the way, love, there're fourteen songs on the CD, just like you asked."
"Does that mean you'll do anything I ask?" he said with a low, soft voice.
"Always…" Katherine replied with a shy wink.
Daniel slowly removed her robe and let it fall to the floor.



Andy had called in the afternoon to wish everyone a Merry Christmas and to thank Katherine for the beautiful songs. She’d made him a collection of Irish classics that he loved and express mailed it. He was planning another large celebration with good food and friends at the bar. Francesco had Christmas dinner catered in from Nashville and Andy couldn't thank him enough.
 "Everything looks and smells delicious, Francesco, and the crowd's pretty anxious to dig in! Thank you!" After speaking about the dinner for a bit, he informed Katherine and Francesco that he was feeling much better, and then proceeded to talk nonstop about Maryann, the new woman who just moved into town. She was a year younger than him and was ‘a real knockout.’
“Remember what you told me? Don’t waste time! Daniel and I are engaged and couldn’t be happier. Merry Christmas, Uncle Andy. I miss you.” Katherine blew him a kiss over the phone.
He told her he missed and loved her too, then continued to talk about Maryann. "Did I tell you what a knockout she is? Oh I gotta go, she's here!"
Katherine listened to the dial tone and didn't mind one bit.



∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



For the next week, Katherine couldn’t walk anywhere in the mansion without hearing herself sing. On New Year's, she approached Daniel with a business card.
“Do you know who this is?” she asked and handed it to him.
“Yes, he’s a big music producer.”
“He introduced himself to me at the studio. I didn’t know he was in there listening, so I felt kind of embarrassed. He wants to sign me.”
“Are you serious?” His eyes grew large.
“I don’t think I should do this though,” she said, not feeling sad at all.
“You could be famous, love. Why wouldn’t you want to jump on this offer?” Daniel really didn't want her to be away from him all the time while she followed a music career, but if that's what she wanted to do, he'd support her.
“I can make you as many CD’s as you’d like, and sing for you anytime you want, but I know what I want to do for the rest of my life." Katherine looked up at him and kissed his lips.
“Of course, you get to start school in the spring. It’ll be so exciting!”
“Daniel, you came to Tennessee because you needed to change some things. I was looking for changes as well. The reason I went to school in the first place was to get out of Prairie, and I knew it would make me more money than minimum wage." She walked to the window and stared at the snow. "Everything I ever believed in or didn't believe has changed. There's more to Katherine O'Brian than what I even knew existed.  I just want to learn as much as I can about myself.” It made her sad to think back at how desperate she'd become before she met Daniel, and again after she left Prairie. She went from a family of two, to a family of six.
"Baby, you have the rest of your life to do whatever you want. I'll support any decision you make. I wouldn't complain one bit if you just wanted to stay home," he held her close and ran his fingers through her hair.
"I want to be a wife and I want to be a mom. I would love to design and sew a dress for our daughter. I would love to learn to make quilts with Rosie. Maybe later I'll to go back, but—Wait, you wouldn't mind if I didn't have a career or a job?" 
"Katherine, just like Rosie, your money isn't any good here. All I want to do is spoil you and make you as happy as I can. You can take all the time you want, to make decisions for yourself. When you're a mom, that'll be the most important and impressive job you'll ever have."
"Can I take all the time I want to set a date for the wedding?" She tilted her head grinned.
"No!" Daniel said playfully. "Your input means everything, of course, but I want to marry you soon."
“Spring is my favorite time of year. Remember the first time you held me? It was in the meadow on the farm. You ran around and picked me flowers, and I still have them in a scrap book."
“There were lots of reasons I avoided Tennessee. It wasn't just my job, but the farm, spending time with Rosie, hell, even the rusted old pickup meant something to me. For all the good things, there were several bad things that affected me equally. You can call them painful memories…but if I stay away, it'd be like letting the pain win. I want to go back…with you. Would you be willing to marry me in the meadow? You have no idea how many times I was drawn to that place because of you.”
“I would love that, Daniel, and to marry in such a special place, makes perfect sense. I have do have a concern, though. I know you and your father know a lot of people, but I wouldn’t mind having a small, intimate ceremony.”
“I look at you and wonder how did I get so lucky?” He kissed her tenderly.
"You're okay with nothing fancy?"
"The only guests we need are my father, Rosie, and your uncle."
She took his phone out of his pocket and opened the calendar. “How about April the fifteenth? That’s a Saturday, so maybe you won’t have to work.”
“Like I would put something in front of marrying you…”
She sealed it with a kiss and even put a reminder on his phone. He saw it and laughed.



∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



Near the end of March, Francesco, Rosie, Daniel, and Katherine boarded the jet to fly to Prairie. Francesco was doing last minute confirmations with officials and finishing up the agenda. He and Andy were hosting the first public meeting to hear opinions, ideas, and concerns from the people in Prairie. The projects were moving along as planned, and he couldn't be happier. Francesco worried about Rosie. She'd be going to the farm for the first time since leaving. He didn’t know how she would handle it, but felt some comfort in knowing that Rosie wouldn't be there by herself.
The first stop was the meadow. When Katherine and Daniel saw Rosie appear very weak, staring towards her old house with watery eyes, they each held one of her hands, and walked around until they found the perfect spot. On the day of the wedding, they'd be surrounded by the beautiful rolling hills, wildflowers, and clean air. As they smiled, Rosie just stared off in the distance. Daniel had called the week prior and had the barn remnants removed. He didn’t want her to see that. Even though the house wasn't in view, Daniel knew it wasn't far. He was surprised when Rosie let go of their hands, and walked in that direction alone.
She had to see it. Not because she wanted to, but she felt drawn there. Rosie stopped and stared at her house, but she had no desire to enter it. It felt foreign to her, tainted. The only time there was love under that roof was during the first year of her marriage to Albert and for the entire duration that Daniel was with her. Rosie let her eyes wander over to the land where the crops used to grow, and the worn path that Patches and Daisy had walked. She tried to make herself feel numb, but the pain didn't escape her. It was another life, a wasted life…her prison. 
Daniel came up behind and wrapped his arms around Rosie. “You know, we’re all family now. Don’t be sad at the memories here, they made you the strong woman you are. Look upon this land as the beginning of your life. You taught me so much, and you gave me unconditional love, respect, and your trust. We had some fond memories here. Both of our new lives started on this farm. If it wasn’t for you I wouldn’t have pursued finding Katherine. If it wasn’t for me, you’d have never met my father. We were brought together for a reason, Rosie. Our new beginnings happened on this land. So smile today and hang onto the memories that started it all.”
“Thank you, Daniel. Your words just removed a truckload of pain. And you’re right. It’s time for new memories. I can’t run from my past, but I can enjoy the walk to my future with your father, you, and Katherine. Just imagine, I always wanted children, and now I have a son and a daughter. You mean the world to me, and you always will.” She turned around and softly patted his cheeks. Suddenly, Rosie began to laugh. She put her arms out to her sides and twirled around like a child with her eyes closed. "I'm free," she whispered.


Chapter 18



The ceremony was simple and intimate, just as they planned. Katherine had worn a beautiful white dress that Rosie made. It was layered in lace and flowed so elegantly in the soft breeze. She smiled at her new family as she was escorted through the field by her uncle. Daniel was unable to take his eyes off of his perfect bride. The flowers and their fresh scent surrounded them, while the sun warmed their faces. When he was told he could kiss his bride, he wrapped his arms around her and pulled her toward him. The memories of their first kiss, in this same meadow, didn’t escape either one of them. There wasn’t a dry eye amongst them.
"Daniel, this is the proudest day of my life. Thank you for giving this to me," Francesco said as he embraced his son. "…Grandchildren soon, Daniel, no?" Before he could get a reply from his son, Rosie grabbed him by the hand and steered him away.



After the wedding, photographs, and a nice meal in Nashville, Rosie and Francesco decided to stay and work on the upcoming projects in Prairie, while Daniel took his bride to the one place she'd always dreamed of going. For three weeks they'd stay in a large suite, with a view of the ocean, a long private beach full of beautiful white sand, and a private terrace in Hawaii. 
He was adamant about spoiling his new bride, but Katherine was putting up a fuss over the amount of money he was spending on her. Finally they reached an agreement, and Daniel quickly realized that the things his wife cherished the most was his time. He would take her on the terrace for slow dances, strolls on the beach, and sitting together to watch the sun set and rise. 
“Sweetheart,” he began as they walked along the beach one evening. “I feel like I should thank you every single day of my life. Mrs. Katherine Giordano, thank you for loving me, for marrying me, for being the piece that I’d been missing.” He removed her ring and asked her to marry him again. 
She smiled and said “I love you so much. I'd say yes to you, even in my sleep.” 
“Now, let’s go see about taking off that sexy white bikini,” Daniel said as he raised his eyebrows up and down.
“Since you brought it up…” She smiled seductively and led him towards their room.



∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



 In his other life, Daniel wouldn't get close to anyone who even thought about putting a ring on his finger. But now he wore his with pride, while telling everyone who'd listen about his marriage and wonderful wife. He knew a lot of men who acted married around their spouse, but once they were alone in public, the ring went deep into their pocket. That behavior never bothered him back then. He found the men foolish for marrying so young. But when he saw them acting like that now, it appalled him. The thought of doing anything to break his wife's heart was unbearable. 
As he sat in his office, he smiled at the photograph of Katherine on their wedding day, and another of the family he proudly displayed on his desk. He still couldn't believe how his life had become so filled with meaning. His thoughts were interrupted by his phone ringing.
"What a wonderful surprise…" said Daniel as he listened to his wife's voice.
"Will you be home late this evening?"
"No I should be home around six. Is everything okay?"
"I'm making you something."
"Now you'll have me wondering all day long," he laughed.
Everything he could possibly put off until the next day, he did. Now that he knew there was a surprise sitting at home for him, he couldn't wait to get out of there. Daniel was able to leave the office at five-thirty. His step quickened the moment he exited the building. He was starving, that's for sure, and was positive Katherine had cooked him dinner.
The wonderful aroma hit him as soon as he entered the front doors. He heard Katherine come down the steps to greet him. She was wearing a beautiful dress Daniel purchased for her on their honeymoon, and her soft curls hung loosely around her shoulders. When Daniel saw his lovely bride, he didn't know if he'd be able to wait for dinner before whisking her to their room.
"I have a surprise for you," smiled Katherine as she kissed his lips softly, and then led him by the hand up the stairs. She opened their bedroom door, and watched Daniel's surprised expression when he saw a table set for two.
"You're so amazing!"
"I hope you're hungry…" She gave him a shy smile.
He pulled a chair out for Katherine, then sat beside her and stared at the shiny silver dome over his plate. "Can I look?"
"Dig in sweetheart."
He lifted the lid and all he could do was stare. There in the middle of the plate was a pregnancy test. In the center of it was a visible plus sign. He picked the stick up and looked at Katherine.
"Is this positive?"
"Yes, Daniel, we're pregnant!"
The joyous yelling could be heard in the hallway, and Carl turned around and knocked softly on the door.
"Pardon me, is everything okay?"
Daniel opened the door and asked Carl to follow them to Francesco's study. Rosie was showing his father some pictures of the horses when they looked up, smiled, and then waved them to come inside. 
"What a great surprise, Daniel! We didn't expect to see you this early. Rosie informed me you two were dining alone tonight."
"We just wanted to know how you guys would feel about being grandparents," said Daniel nonchalantly while he rubbed Katherine's small belly.
Without saying a word, Francesco ran to them with Rosie close behind.
Carl blinked back a tear and cleared his throat. "Thank you for including me in your grand news." With a smile, he turned and left the study. He didn't quite know what else to say or do. One thing was for sure; he knew the big mansion was never going to be the same. 



∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



Katherine's uncle called at least twice a week to make sure she was staying off her feet. She wasn't used to being pampered so much, and even though everyone had the best intentions at heart, it was also getting on her nerves. Being pregnant didn't mean she was an invalid. The doctor had given her a clean bill of health, and informed her of all she could and couldn't do. It took some convincing, but soon they relaxed and stopped treating her like she'd break. Trying to get her uncle to stop worrying about her was a fruitless effort.
When she really began to show, Daniel had asked her stop driving, and that was one thing she didn't fight. Getting in and out of a vehicle was quite an effort. Rosie had never given birth, so everyone in the house was pretty much winging it. It was fun for Katherine to watch the family panic when the baby kicked hard enough for her to voice pain. Francesco and Daniel did test runs to find the quickest route to the hospital, and had even brought up to her their idea of renting a room close to the hospital to avoid traffic.
"You guys are too much. This is my first pregnancy, so I doubt I'll deliver quickly. My doctor said it could take hours. No matter what you say, I'm going to stay here in my home until my doctor says it's time to go to the hospital." Knowing she still had a few months left to go, made her cringe just thinking about how they'd act when her due date was near. She couldn't really blame them for their fears, because Francesco's wife, Daniel's mother, had died giving birth.



∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



Attention seemed to move away from Katherine some when Rosie and Francesco's wedding drew near, and that was a big relief for her. She worked hard on designing Rosie's wedding gown and enjoyed every second of it, but was glad she didn't have to do it as a job for complete strangers. It wouldn't have been as much fun then. The two women kept themselves locked up in the craft room while they worked, and the men weren't allowed inside. 
Katherine's own dress had to be altered twice due to her growing belly. The design was similar to Rosie's, only without the lace, and pleats were added to the front. They both decided on a soft yellow fabric for her dress, and she'd carry a spring bouquet of flowers, to symbolize her own love for Daniel.  
Rosie felt twenty years younger in her gown. It was made of cream-colored satin and matching lace, and fit her perfectly. When she put it on the final time, the dress, along with her excitement, made her look ten years younger. The last thing she ever thought would happen to her was finding true love. How she got so lucky was a question she asked herself daily. Her flowers were a spring bouquet with red rose buds to convey falling in love for the first time. After being with Francesco, she knew her marriage to Albert wasn't really love, but rather a union of convenience and from expectations of others. Rosie's bitterness regarding her past was gone now. Daniel was right. If things would have been different, she wouldn't have everything she did today. If it meant keeping Francesco, Daniel, and Katherine, in her life, Rosie would gladly go through it all over again. She was thankful for the many blessings she received. 
When Francesco saw her walking slowly down the stairs in the mansion, to become his wife, a big lump rose in his throat. He'd expected to stay a lonely man for the rest of his days. He knew Lillian would approve of Rosie, and the man Daniel had become. Now he had a daughter and a grandchild on the way. He spent decades living in the past and what could have been. Now he could freely live in today, and look forward to his future. When Francesco felt Daniel squeeze his shoulder and give a big nod of approval, it meant everything to him.
Their vows were exchanged in the large front room, and everyone was able to contain their emotions until Francesco wept while expressing his love, gratitude, and admiration for the beautiful woman before him. The mansion staff was invited as well, because they were all treated like family. Katherine sang a beautiful song before they exchanged their rings. while Daniel looked mesmerized. 
They honeymooned in the Virgin Islands, and Rosie didn't have any concerns about being away from the horses. Daniel and Katherine had become quite proficient at caring for them, though all Daniel would allow his very pregnant wife to do was pet them over a fence, and made sure she was bundled up like a kindergartner when she went outside.



∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



At six o'clock on a Sunday morning, Katherine climbed out of bed and softly shook Daniel. He startled awake and was on his feet in no time, knowing his wife could go into labor any day. 
"Sweetheart, my water broke," she said as contractions were causing her to groan.
He quickly rang for Carl. "It's time!"
Carl knew the drill. He rang Francesco and called for the car to be brought around to the front, then ran to the entrance to grab the bag and put it in the car. This day had been planned down to the tee.
Daniel wrapped Katherine in a blanket, lifted her in his arms to carry her down the stairs.
"Let me walk." 
He put her back down and, with his arm around her, helped her to the front door. They had to stop twice on the stairs during contractions. Sweat was covering Daniel's face and his hands were shaking.
"Sweetheart, just relax. You're going to be a dad today." She stopped to hug him.
"No time for that, Katherine. We have to get you to the hospital!"
Francesco and Rosie looked disheveled when they met them at the door. 
"Is there anything else I need to do, sir?" asked the butler as soon as he stopped running.
"Get in the limo, Carl! You're going to be an uncle!"
"Oh my, sir! Thank you!" 



After nine hours of labor, and plenty of prayers from Daniel, Francesco, Rosie, and Carl, Katherine gave birth to a beautiful, healthy, baby boy. Francesco Andrew Giordano, and mother, were doing just fine. 
"It's a boy!" the new father and grandpa yelled frequently and were asked to quiet down several times.
"Daniel, I need to talk to you. Don't spoil him the way I did you. Let him learn things on his own, and don't buy him expensive cars, they're nothing but trouble!"
All Daniel could do was try not to laugh while he listened to his father.



∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



In Tennessee, the time period from the planning phase to implementation took longer than Francesco had hoped. But finally the groundbreaking ceremony took place at the end of May. Rosie's face was in the paper, along with Andy's, as he plunged the shovel in the ground where her house once stood. She was happy that Francesco had followed her wishes and had it destroyed. Her life was about moving forward now, not constantly looking at her past. 
 Most of the town had shown up at the farm, including news crews and some folks from Nashville and other neighboring counties. For many people it was the beginning of a job that could support their family, and for others it was the chance at bringing the small town back to life.
Francesco and Andy had hired all the local men and women they could, then reached out to the surrounding areas. The men were happy that more and more businesses were reaching out to the small community. Some companies donated machinery, money, and supplies, and were gladly acknowledge in the papers and television news stories.
When some of the changes in Prairie were quite noticeable, more and more men and women showed up at the meetings with new ideas. The planning would take years, and that wasn't how Francesco wanted to spend his retirement. He completely handed over all projects to Andy O'Brian, and introduced him to some business contacts to help guide him along the way.



∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



Three years later, the morale in the small town had improved a great deal. Rosie smiled as the sign that bore her name was hung where the restaurant would be built. She picked a few local women to run it, but she planned the menu on her own. When the restaurant opened, she planned on being there the first week, working her magic in the kitchen. After that, she'd gladly follow Francesco's advice and hand over her apron and spend time with her doting husband.
Andy was in his glory with his new bar. His new love, Maryann, a petite blonde from Kentucky, was just as taken with Andy. It was quite an adjustment for him, as she was very health conscious, and did her best to keep him in good shape.
The large barn that was erected attracted lots of visitors who attended the craft shows that were held once a month, as well as dances and livestock auctions. Some people even rented it for private functions. Things got so busy that Andy had to hire someone just to plan and handle the events. Out of all the excitement in the small town, the new bar and barn drew the most attention.
Some of the empty buildings were purchased with plans to convert them into a private doctor's office and pharmacy. They continued their venture to find a dentist, but so far no one had shown interest. That didn't mean the idea was given up on. Folks in Prairie had been driving out to Nashville to get their medical needs met, and the hope was to bring help closer to the town's people.
The farms were filling up with more livestock, and people had renewed pride in Prairie. Several people who held temporary jobs in the small, but upcoming prosperous town, stayed in the new economy hotels that Beatrice fixed up, and Francesco helped with some of that cost. People traveled good distances to attend many of the functions in the big barn, and some of the workers traveled from neighboring areas for building projects. Beatrice was making a steady income and was even thinking about putting in a pool. Her disposition had definitely improved with Francesco's encouragement.
Twenty townhouses were erected, and a larger one was designed for Andy and Maryanne. They had seven families move in within the first two weeks it opened, and the rent was based on income. The bar was still Andy's pride and joy, and even though he was too busy to take over daily operations, he stopped in frequently. 
If a wedding ever happened, it'd have to take place inside The Corral according to Andy, and that's why Maryanne kept pushing the date up. Even though there were no rings, the two lived together as man and wife. 



∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



On a warm sunny day, Daniel helped Katherine out of the limo, then took a hold of their two-year-old’s hand. Little Frankie looked so much like his father did when he was a toddler. He instantly became excited when he saw his grandparents and ran to them with outstretched arms.
“Daniel, I feel like I’m going to pop,” Katherine said as she rubbed her large belly.
“Hun, you have another three weeks to go. I love this farm but please don’t go into labor here!” Daniel teased.
“Don’t worry, I won’t go into labor. I feel like I’m going to be pregnant for another year. I can’t wait to tie my own shoes again.” Katherine walked over to the bar to visit her uncle.
“Katherine! You look like you’re going to burst!” Andy rubbed her stomach.
“Thanks for the compliment,” she laughed. “What time am I singing?”
“We’re starting at eight. People are so excited to hear you sing.”
“Okay, that gives me about an hour to put my feet up.”
“You should get as much rest as you can and take care of yourself. That’s what I’m doing.” Andy had decided it was time to agree with Maryann and take better care of his health. It wasn’t like she was going to have it any other way. He ate right, and they went on walks together. Katherine had never seen her uncle look so good, so happy and calm. He’d taken off the extra pounds, and Rosie had made sure there were healthy menu choices at the restaurant.
At eight on the dot, Andy approached the microphone and welcomed Katherine back to Prairie. "Are you ready to hear her sing?" The crowd began yelling and clapping. While Francesco and Rosie watched Frankie outside, Daniel made sure he had a front row seat.
“I’m kind of nervous. I haven’t sung in front of people in a very long time.”
“Sweetheart, you’re going to do great. Just get up there and do what you do so well.” He couldn’t wait for her to begin.
When she started to walk toward the microphone, her nerves began getting the best of her. She kept fidgeting with her ring, slipping it on and off until it fell to the floor. Feeling embarrassed, she tried to bend and pick it up, but her uncle scooped it off the ground and set it on her open palm. That’s when she noticed the writing. She held it up to the light and read the two words that were inscribed inside, “Thank You.”  Katherine slid the ring back on her finger and looked into Daniel’s eyes.
“I dedicate this first song to my wonderful husband Daniel, whom I love with all my heart. He rescued me in so many ways, gave me all of his love, a beautiful son, and a child on the way. Thank you.” She blew him a kiss, blinked back some tears, and sang to him with every ounce of her soul.



∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



Giordano Seas was flourishing, and so was Francesco’s pride for his son. Katherine and Daniel had agreed to live at the mansion, and baby Lillian Rose Giordano’s cries often filled the rooms. Her dark curls and pouty mouth melted everyone. The pristine mansion was converted into a home full of evidence that children lived there. Toys were scattered around, and an occasional drawing on the wall by Frankie could be spotted. Francesco was a very doting grandfather, and Rosie made sure the children never cried for too long. Daniel fell more in love with his family each and every day, which gave Francesco another reason to beam with pride.


∞  ∞  ∞  ∞



At eight o'clock in the morning, on a workday, several months later, Daniel's cell phone rang.
"Be in my study in one hour!" boomed Francesco.
He couldn't imagine his father having any issues with him after all these years, but he knew better than to not show up. After checking in with his secretary, he climbed in his trusty old pickup and headed over to the mansion. He knocked softly on the study door before opening it.
Francesco looked quite intimidating in his earlier years, but the "World's Greatest Grandpa" t-shirt in red, blue jeans, and colorful artwork all around the room, didn't make the old mogul look so powerful.
"Father, is something wrong? You sounded very upset on the phone."
He glared at his son from across the large mahogany desk. Daniel could tell his father’s blood vessels were ready to pop any second. 
“You have to get a new car! That truck is old! Perhaps a nice sports car…”
"Father my truck has some years on it, but it still runs like a charm."
"You need something that clearly represents a man who runs a large cooperation. Show your power and your worth! You haven't had a new vehicle in years! Have you seen the new Lamborghini model?"
Daniel smiled and shook his head.
"I'll come back home for lunch, Pops. I love you."



The End



A SPECIAL THANK YOU

I hope you enjoyed Forbidden Disclosure, Book 1 in A Billionaire in Disguise. I want to thank you, my readers, for your amazing support and encouragement. There's no one greater than you.
I love you guys!



Don't forget to read Book 2 in the Series:
A Perfect Plan by Terri Marie
Terri Marie is currently working on her forth book in her romance series, A Billionaire in Disguise. It'll be publish in the Spring of 2013 and is the prequel to a new series!  She resides in Michigan with her children.



Books by Terri Marie:

A Billionaire in Disguise Series
Forbidden Disclosure, Book 1
A Perfect Plan, Book 2
The Wrong Side of Midnight, Book 3
Book 4 to be announced in the Spring of 2013

The Ties that Bind Series
Running from Beige, Book 1

Children's Action and adventure
The Shack, Merry and A Cat Named Cha-moan, 

You can find Terri Marie's books at all major retailers.


Find me on twitter:
@authrTerriMarie

terri.marie@rocket.mail.com

Come join me on Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/terri.marie.50
https://www.facebook.com/authorterrimarie


My Website:
http://www.authorterrimarie.com/

