Forever Destiny
Copyright 2014 Mia Rodriguez

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.

Table of Contents

Preface
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11 
Chapter 12 
Chapter 13
Chapter 14 
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43
Chapter 44
Chapter 45
Chapter 46
Chapter 47
Chapter 48
Chapter 49
Chapter 50
Chapter 51
Chapter 52
Chapter 53
Chapter 54
Chapter 55
Chapter 56
Chapter 57
Chapter 58
Chapter 59
Chapter 60
Chapter 61
Chapter 62


Today is only a reflection of yesterday. 

Preface

Destiny finds you.  It hunts you down.  It is a sneaky prankster in this grand adventure called life.  It is a quiet trickster tip toing all around you.
If you don't surrender to it, it'll shake you.  It'll rattle you.  Of course you have personal will—the ability to take what's handed to you or rebuff it.
It's your decision.
Pick wisely.
There's an eternity at stake. 


Chapter 1

Kate spent an inordinate amount of time worrying and sweating bullets.  Much more than she would allow herself to face.
Too many what ifs ganged up on her, wanting to swallow her whole.
What if her life with Enzo was an enormous lie?
What if Enzo would never love her like she loved him?
What if her relationship with him came tumbling down like a house of cards?
What would she do with another enormous loss in her life?


Chapter 2

It was going to be one of those days—maybe one of those weekends.  Chaos.  From waking up to deafening thunder in the very early hours of the morning to continuous showers from then on, Lorenzo Montes’s Saturday wasn’t going at all as planned.  There was a saying in Spanish, 'El hombre propone y Dios dispone.'  It couldn’t have been truer, he thought wryly, because even if he had his plans, God seemed to have other ideas.  
Lorenzo and Kate were supposed to have gone to the city of Ruidoso, New Mexico to do some hiking and stay in a beautiful cabin in the woods for a few days.  That wasn’t happening anymore so in the evening, after being cooped up all day, he suggested they catch a movie.  
Because of accidents and slow traffic, he and Kate arrived at the cinema late.   Ordinarily, he liked to get there at least fifteen minutes early, so he could buy what he needed at the concession stand and pick out the seats he wanted.  Groaning, he looked at his watch—only a five minute cushion.  Several lines had already formed outside the ticket office.  He hated standing around doing nothing, and he fidgeted until he was in front of the ticker seller.
“That movie is sold out,” stated a teen-ager with several bumps of acne on her face.  The day was definitely not going as planned.
"What do you think?" he conferred with Kate.  "What do you want to watch?" 
Her pretty face and shiny green eyes looked at him with amusement.  "Anything is fine with me."
"Okay, Katie."
He picked another film—a horror one he didn’t particularly want to see but the line behind him kept getting longer and he had to make a quick choice.  The masses of people inside waiting for popcorn made him want to turn around and leave the theater all together but instead, he got in line again.
With a large tub of buttery popcorn and two large sodas, Lorenzo and Kate finally stepped away from the lobby and gave a fresh-faced young man their tickets.  He promptly tore them, handing back the ticket stubs and telling them which direction to go—the opposite of where the adventure movie they had originally wanted to see.  A couple in front of them had been fortunate enough to get tickets to it.
As they went through the hallway, Kate suddenly stopped walking.  The color drained from her face.
“What’s wrong, Katie?” Lorenzo asked, worried.
“Leonel,” she muttered.
“What?”  Lorenzo looked in the direction her eyes were focused.  A man with his coloring, dark brown hair and eyes and a tawny complexion, but shorter in stature and with tailored clothes stood outside the women’s bathroom checking the face of his watch.  
Kate quickly hid behind Lorenzo, but the man didn’t even glance at them.  Instead, the man stepped over to the poster of an upcoming movie next to the restroom and started reading it.  Unfortunately, it was also next to the film she and Lorenzo were supposed to see.
“One of your patients?” Lorenzo asked.
She nodded with disconsolation.
Now he understood her strange behavior.  Kate hated bumping into her patients outside the office.  He had personally witnessed how some of them tried to get therapy during whatever activity she was in the middle of.  It didn’t matter if she was at the supermarket or having dinner at a restaurant, they would bombard her with personal stories—talk he was very uncomfortable with.  Where was their sense of privacy?  he’d wonder.  To be discussing such things in front of him—a total stranger.  
“Enzo, do you mind if we see another movie?” Kate mumbled, her voice shaky.
“Sure, I didn’t want to see a horror movie in the first place.”
Kate blindly slipped into the first film next to them, not caring if it had already started, not even noticing the name of it, and not stopping to see if Lorenzo was behind her.  He was, and they seated themselves on one of the top tiers.  The theater buzzed with lively chatter.  It was already full.  They were fortunate to get two seats together and that the movie hadn’t started.
Maybe the evening wouldn’t be completely ruined, he thought.  What chaos.  He went over the eventful day—the weather ruining his trip to Ruidoso, in turn going to a movie that he was late to because of traffic, and finally in turn having to choose another one again because of Katie's patient.  She had been so unlike herself for a few weeks that he had suggested a special weekend in Ruidoso to cheer her up but with what had happened to their trip, they'd have to settle for a movie night.  
The lights started dimming as they took their seats, and the loud sounds of the coming attractions resonated throughout.  A sudden, sharp gasp flew out of Kate, her eyes glued to the man stepping in from the corridor.  It looked like they just couldn't get away from Kate's patient.  He was holding someone’s hand, obviously his date, but Lorenzo couldn’t see her yet since she was blocked by the walls of the corridor as Kate’s patient seemed to be figuring out where to sit.  Lorenzo eyed him intently, now fully curious about him and his date.
Kate’s purse suddenly fell to the ground, sending a lipstick, a compact, and a pen in different directions.  He handed the popcorn to her and bent down to retrieve them—the male tweens next to him annoyed that he had asked them if they could move their feet so he could get the objects.
“I’m so clumsy,” murmured Kate when Lorenzo handed her things back to her.
He straightened out in his seat wondering what she had wanted from her purse in the first place.  She had sat it on the floor to watch the movie in comfort, but then had abruptly snatched it off the ground and accidentally dropped it.
The film started and his eyes shifted to the front.  Unfortunately, Katie’s patient and his date had apparently found seats because they were nowhere in sight and Lorenzo would have to leave his curiosity unquenched.  The giant title Destiny flashed on the screen, and he had to subvert an instant groan.  He disliked love stories almost as much as horror flicks.  
“Let’s watch something else,” Kate blurted anxiously, her words quiet but in a hurry.
“Let’s just stay,” he said, tired of all the running around.  
“We could leave the cinema altogether.  Leave—“
People in the immediate vicinity shushed them angrily.  Lorenzo shook his head at Kate to give her a response and pointed at the screen, indicating that they might as well stay put.  Even if he had no desire to watch an unrealistic, Hollywood romance where two people burned for each other so much that they couldn’t be without one another, he didn’t want to leave.  The first scene of the movie, the one where the credits were jumping in and out of, had caught his attention.
A dark-haired unconscious woman was being carried into a hospital’s Emergency Room by a desperate man.
“Save her!  Save her!” he repeated over and over as a medical team took her, putting her on a gurney and forcing the man to let go of her.  “Please save her and my baby!” he begged.  The camera panned the woman’s heavy womb.
But that was it for the opening scene because then the movie went back in time to explain the present situation.  Kate fidgeted uncontrollably, her breathing ragged and painful.  Next to her, Lorenzo, despite how he felt about such silly romances, stared at the screen completely absorbed.
The man in the film had fallen in love with the pregnant woman since they were children, but she cared about another man.  He gave up hope and got together with another woman.  After many obstacles, he and the first woman ended up together because destiny seemed to be constantly throwing them towards one another.  She got pregnant but when the labor pains came, she lost consciousness.  In the hospital, he waited with excruciating impatience until the doctor told him that they were unable to save his wife.  He looked completely lost as he gazed at his new baby girl from the nursery window in the maternity ward.  
As the ending credits rolled, Kate jumped up.  “Let’s go,” she demanded, rushing towards the aisle.  Being the first one out of her chair, she flew down the stairs without having to stop for others.  Lorenzo hurried to keep up with her.  Throwing his empty soda container and bucket of popcorn in the trash bin, his long, strong legs had to almost run to catch up to her.
“What’s going on with you?” he asked, grabbing her arm and stopping her.
Her ashen face looked beyond him.  
"Leonel," she mumbled for the second time that evening.
Lorenzo turned to see Kate's patient coming out of the film.  His curiosity about to be quelled when Leonel's date would step out in a few seconds.  
“Let’s go now,” she insisted, fiercely grabbing his hand with both of hers and rushing away.  Allowing himself to be pulled because of the deep concern for Kate, he chose to follow her abrupt stride out of the theater.  His curiosity would have to stay where it was at.  Fortunately, his car was parked near to the exit.
“You're acting very strange,” he said with a worried tone as he clicked on his seat belt.
“Let’s just go,” she murmured.
“But—“
“Please,” she pleaded, staring nervously at the exit door as it opened.  A slew of unknown people stepped out.  “Please, Enzo, let’s just leave now.”
He turned the ignition and backed out.  As he drove away, the exit door opened again.  Lorenzo caught a brief glimpse of Leonel stepping out.
“Are you okay, Katie,” Lorenzo asked her as they hit the main road.  It had stopped raining, and traffic was heavy but not impossible.
Kate nodded, her pallor a sickly yellow and her breathing shallow.
“No, you’re not,” Lorenzo stated.  “Don’t lie to me.”
“I’ll be fine in a few minutes,” she sighed.
“Is that patient of yours dangerous?” demanded Lorenzo.
“No.”
“No?”
“Not physically anyway.”
“What?”
“Never mind,” she said, gulping.
“But—“
“I’m not seeing that patient anymore,” she explained, her color returning to its normal pallor when they reached the freeway.
 “Good.  I'm glad."
"Sometimes your patients get to you in unexpected ways," she murmured, lost in her thoughts, “like your students get to you.”
He nodded absent-mindedly.  “That’s true.”
“Before you know it, they’re under your skin.”
“I know.”
“And it’s almost impossible to get them out.”
“True.”
“Can we talk about something else?” she asked, her lips forming a tight, fake smile.  
“Did you like the movie?” he asked.
“No,” she quickly blurted as the fake smile left her face.  “But you seem to have.”
He chuckled lightly.  “I know that it was corny and predictable, but there was just something about it.”
“It was just a movie,” she asserted, her voice cracking.
“I know, but I couldn’t help feeling sorry for the poor guy.  He practically spent  his whole life loving this woman and she dies.”
“It was obviously a trick from the filmmakers to tug at our heartstrings,” she blurted.
“I’m sorry about the death scene,” Lorenzo expressed gently.  “If I would’ve known it was in it, we would’ve left when you suggested it.”
“We should’ve walked out,” she sighed.  “I’m reminded of Lindsey’s passing everywhere I turn.”
“I’m sorry,” he repeated.
She put her hand over his on the steering wheel.  “You can’t always protect me from everything involving death,” she explained.
“I can try.”
Kate smiled at him, her eyes sparkling.  “Thank you.”
“No thanks necessary.”
“You’re such a great guy, Enzo.  Have I told you that lately?”
He chuckled.  “No, not in a while.”
“Then I have to tell you more often.”
“I don’t think you should be inflating my ego that way.  You’ll end up creating a monster.”
“Impossible,” she said, resting her head on his shoulder.  ”You’re a great guy like the character in the film.”
“I doubt that.”
“You are,” she stated solemnly.
“Thank you.”
“I guess he’ll have to go on with his life after she died,” Kate mumbled, her words clipped and hopeful.
“I know I’m talking like a giddy schoolgirl, but they should’ve been together at the end instead of her dying.  The writer should've written the ending differently.”
She jerked her head away from his shoulder.  “You think?” Kate asked quietly.
“I think so.”
“Don’t say that,” she blurted.
“Why not?”
“Just don’t say that,” she murmured with a shaky voice as the traffic lights turned a bright green in front of them after what had seemed an inordinate amount of time on red.  The car in front hadn't noticed.  Lorenzo honked
"Green—the road is clear—go," he grumbled.  "Go."


Chapter 3

It had been such a close call, Kate thought to herself with anguish.
A very close call!
Today was just a huge coincidence of odd events, Kate assured herself.  Nothing else.  It was just a coincidence that she and Enzo had ended up in the movies instead of Ruidoso.  It was just a coincidence that Valeria and Leonel had ended up there too.  It was just a coincidence that all four had ended up in the very same film.
And it was a HUGE coincidence that the film, Destiny, closely paralleled Enzo's possible past life when he had possibly been Leonardo and Valeria had maybe been Valentina during the revolution in Mexico and they had been fiercely in love.
Reincarnation.
Kate cursed the day Valeria had stepped into her psychiatry office and had turned her whole life upside down.  When Kate had hypnotized her to find what was at the root of the strange nightmare Valeria kept having, she never imagined that Valeria's subconscious would click into another life—a life that her patient and Enzo had possibly been involved in.
Good thing Valeria had never been aware of what was happening during those sessions where she had been hypnotized.  Good thing Valeria and Enzo weren't aware of one another in this life.  Good thing El Paso is too big for them to run into each other.
A very good thing!


Chapter 4

Autumn brought changes.
Most of the people Lorenzo knew hated change, but he was a History teacher.  He understood more than others the impossibility of staying in the same place.  Events moved forward whether they were accepted or not.  Change was to be expected and an obvious and unavoidable part of life.  As the new school year started at Adelita High School, students roamed the hallways and teachers took in quick bursts of oxygen hoping for the best as eclectic energy vibrated through the air.  As Lorenzo went past the administration office, he solemnly nodded at the new principal—Gus Bleaker.
I just don’t like that guy, Lorenzo said to himself.  From the first meeting an ugly friction sparked in the air causing Lorenzo to distrust him and judging by how Principal Bleaker had eyed him, the feeling was mutual.  It was one of those instant intense dislikes that escaped logical reasoning.  How can you dislike someone so much that you barely met?  The old principal had retired and there was so much going on—a new principal, a new superintendent, and several new teachers. 
“Hi, Mr. Montes,” said Mirna, waving happily at him.  She was one of Lorenzo’s past star students, and she was about to enter the classroom across from Lorenzo’s one.
“How are you doing, Mirna?” he greeted, stepping up to her from where he was standing, outside his room.  “How was your summer?”
“Great, Mr. Montes,” she chirped enthusiastically.  “How was yours?”
“Great.  How are your studies?”
“I’m doing well.  I’ve got College Prep English here.”
“You’re right across the hall from my class,” Lorenzo said, smiling.  “Pop in if you need a recommendation for your college applications.”
“Thanks, Mr. Montes,” she gushed.  “I sure wish I had you for History again.”
“I’m sure you’ll do great in whatever class you’re in.”
“Thanks.”
“I’d better get back to my class and let you get in yours.  It was nice seeing you.  Remember what I said about the recommendation—all you have to do is ask.”
“I will,” she assured, stepping into her classroom.  “I’ll do that.”
“Good,” he said as he was about to turn around and head back to his own room.
“Hi,” a voice behind him said.  
Noticing that he was standing in front of the door, Lorenzo quickly stepped out of the way.  When he looked to see who the greeting had belonged to, it wasn’t a student.  He flagrantly stared at the owner of the voice.  He had forgotten all speech.
“Hi,” she repeated, extending her hand.  “I’m Valeria Loya.”
Lorenzo found his voice and cleared his throat.  “I’m Lorenzo Montes.”  He extended his own hand and shook hers.  Valeria’s hand was firm but the softness of her skin reminded him of a soft flower petal.
“I’m the new English teacher,” she said, as if she expected him to answer back.
“I teach History across the hall from you.”  Her hair was the color of midnight and so curly, long and inviting that he had to subvert the urge to touch it.  
“I’ve always loved History,” she said, smiling, her dark almost-black eyes smooth like velvet and with a glimmering shine found in very deep, very alive ones.  
"Excuse me, but have we met before?" he blurted.  He silently chastised himself after the question was out of his mouth for asking something that resembled a pick-up line.
You look familiar to me too.  Maybe at a teacher's conference?"
“Maybe . . . I’ve got to get to my class,” he said, abruptly moving away.  “It was nice meeting you.”
When he stepped inside his room, it was already full.  Those students who had never seen him before grumbled.  They kicked themselves for having gotten stuck with a teacher who judging by his impenetrable look had to be stern and unavailable—a curmudgeon.  Besides, shouldn’t this guy be in the military instead of teaching history to a bunch of rebellious teen-agers at a salary leaving much to be desired? 
 “Are you okay, Mr. Montes?” the brother of one of his past students asked.
“I’m fine,” Lorenzo said, giving him a reassuring smile as his eyes shot to the glass slat on his door.  He could catch glimpses of the new teacher across the hall through it.  
“You seem out of it.”
“I’m fine,” Lorenzo insisted.
As the bell rang, the eclectic buzz in the class included some deep groans.  Lorenzo stood in front with an authoritative stance, patiently waiting on their attention.  The students, expecting him to use his tall, strong figure to impose order, were surprised that all he did was stand quietly next to his desk.  One by one they stopped chattering and looked at the silent man in front of them with curiosity.
“Ready to start class?” he asked, his voice firm and confident.  
 “We’re here because we have to be,” stated a young man, guffawing.  Noisy laughter erupted from the students.
Lorenzo chuckled.  “Thankfully or I wouldn’t have a job.”
The laughter reached a higher pitch and suddenly the tight atmosphere changed to one of ease.  He had them introduce themselves one at a time and asked them questions about themselves.  
What’s your favorite color?
Where were you born?
What do you like to do in your free time?
What’s your favorite music?
These questions led to discussions amongst each other.  One of the students asked him why he was asking them all that.  No other teacher had ever done it.
Lorenzo answered simply, “This is a History class and not only a world’s history or a nation’s history is important.  Your own history is important too.  All those questions I asked you are part of what makes up your history, what makes up your story.”
By the time the bell rang to go on to their next class, his students felt comfortable in the learning environment he had created and felt that they mattered—each and every one of them. 
Lunch hour came very quickly since Lorenzo had spent the morning getting to know his students.  During that time, his eyes had strayed several times to the long glass slat on his door to take a peek across the hall.  He had never been this curious about a new teacher.  When the last of his students filed out, he quickly grabbed his cell phone.
“Hi, sweetheart,” the voice of Kate on the other end said when her receptionist had put him though.
 “Hello, Katie,” he returned.
“What a pleasant surprise,” she said cheerfully.  “You never call me during the day.”
He cleared his throat nervously.  “I just felt like hearing your voice.”
“That is so sweet, Enzo.  How’s your first day back at school going?”
“Fine, just fine.  How are you?”
“I’m good.”
A few minutes after he put the cell back in his pocket, Billy Woods, a fellow history teacher, popped his head in the classroom.  “Let’s go to lunch.” 
“I wasn’t going to eat today,” rushed Lorenzo.
“What?”
“I’m staying in here.”
“Is this a joke?” asked Billy.
“What do you mean?”
“You eat like a starving quarterback.”
“I’m not hungry today,” Lorenzo insisted.
“Come on, Lorenzo.  Stop playing around.  Let’s go eat.  They’re serving enchiladas today—your favorite.”
Looking around the cafeteria and releasing a relieved breath, Lorenzo sat down with Billy at the usual place.  Billy chatted about his dislike for his new classroom when Valeria stepped in.  Most people glanced at her, her stunning presence being so absorbing.  Lorenzo tore his sight away from where she was standing after getting her meal.  Billy waved at her.
“Come sit with us,” he told her.  Lorenzo choked on his enchiladas and had to take a huge gulp of milk.  
“She’s coming over,” whispered Billy.  “She’s the new English teacher.  I can’t believe I got her to sit with us.”


Chapter 5

“Hi,” Valeria said brightly as she sat down in front of Lorenzo.  With this being her first day, she was glad to have someone to sit with during lunch.
“Hi, Valeria.  Couldn’t resist the enchiladas, huh?”
“No, they’re my favorite.”
“They’re Lorenzo’s favorite too,” Billy stated and then a realization hit him.  “Where are my manners?  This is Lorenzo Montes and he teaches—“
“We’ve already met,” Lorenzo said dryly, avoiding looking at her.
“Yes, our classrooms are across from each other,” stated Valeria.
 “So, how has your first day been going, Valeria?” asked Billy, a huge smile on his lips.
“Wonderful.  I’ve had a great morning.”
“Really?” Billy asked.  “I always hate the first day back after a great summer of not having to deal with constant whining, late papers, and bad grades.”
“I know teaching has its special challenges,” expressed Valeria.
Billy nodded strongly.  "You can say that again."
“But there’s not just the down side to teaching.  It also has many rewards,” she asserted..
“It sounds like you love to teach,” stated Billy.
"This may sound hokey—remember I teach Literature—but to me teaching is like a walking on a pathway strewn with flowers.  Sometimes there are thorns but ultimately it's beautiful."
Lorenzo eyed her carefully as if taking her words in.  
“I’ve got to admit I’m a little burned out.  I’ve been doing this for fifteen years,” Billy informed her.
“I’ve been at this for about seventeen years and sometimes the challenges get to me, but I can't imagine doing anything else.”
“You sound like my friend here,” he said, indicating Lorenzo.
“Your heart is in teaching too?” she asked, her beautiful face vividly open.
He stared at her for a few seconds and then cleared his throat before speaking.  “Yes,” he managed to say.
“Where were you before you came here?” asked Billy.
“I was at Marshall.”
“Why did you come here?” Billy blurted incredulously, his face contorted.
Valeria frowned at Billy and then got her bearings back.  “This may sound really out there but I just felt I was meant to come here.”
“How is that?” Billy asked curiously. 
“This is a very poor district, and I wanted to see if I could help.”
“That’s very noble of you,” stated Billy.  “You sound like my friend here.”
Valeria’s eyes anchored themselves on Lorenzo.  “You feel like that too?”
Lorenzo’s eyes nervously darted but ended up staring into Valeria’s intense gaze.  “The poorer districts don’t have the books or technology of the richer districts, but I believe that the human touch is really what makes the most difference so here I am, trying to make some sort of a difference.”
Her eyes, growing rounder, dug deeper into his.  “What a great sentiment,” murmured Valeria. 
“Yes, isn’t it?” Billy said wryly.  “Sometimes it’s hard being friends with such a hero.”
“I wouldn’t call me a hero,” stated Lorenzo, annoyed.  
“Heroes aren’t just caped crusaders in movies,” Valeria said lightly.  
“So you teach English,” Lorenzo commented, changing the subject.  “That’s got to be challenging teaching the movie generation about literature.” 
Valeria smiled.  “Actually, it isn’t as challenging as it seems.”
“Really?” asked Lorenzo.
“I relate characters in literature to movies, and they swallow it all up.  They start to love literature because it makes sense to them.”
“That’s an interesting approach,” stated Lorenzo, admiration in his voice.
“Yes, very creative,” agreed Billy.
“I try to be out-of-the-box when it comes to teaching,” she commented, swaying her hand to the side in a sweeping motion.
“What a ring,” stated Billy, staring at the sparkling diamond on her finger.
“It’s my engagement ring.” 
“You’re engaged?” asked Billy with disappointment coloring his words.
“Yes,” she murmured, looking away from Lorenzo.
Standing abruptly up, Lorenzo grabbed his tray.  “I’ve got to go.  You’ll both have to excuse me.”
Billy stared at him, puzzled.  “What?”
“I’ve got papers to grade during my lunch hour.”
“Papers?” asked Billy.  “This is the first day of school.”
Lorenzo nervously shifted.  “I handed out worksheets today that they turned in at the end of the period.”
“On the first day?” asked Billy incredulously.
“Yes, I’m a terrible taskmaster.  It was nice talking to you, Valeria,” he said, stepping away.
As soon as he was gone, Billy turned to Valeria.  “I’m sorry.  I don’t know what got into him.  He’s usually a pretty nice guy.”
“I don’t think. . .”
“Yes?”
“I don’t think he likes me,” she said, finally finishing her sentence.
“What?”
“He acted as if he didn’t like me.”
“Why wouldn’t he like you, Valeria?  Besides, he just met you.”
“I don’t know,” she sighed, “but your friend gave me the distinct impression that he didn’t like me."


Chapter 6

“You’ve been very tense,” stated Belisaria matter-of-factly.  Kate’s receptionist had always been direct and no nonsense. 
“I’ve had a lot on my mind,” Kate explained.
“Come have dinner with Gary and me.  We’re going to Leonardo’s Bar and Grill.”
“Leonardo’s Bar and Grill?” She wished she never had to hear the name Leonardo again.
“You know, it’s the restaurant on the top floor.  Come with us.”
“I wouldn’t want to be a third wheel,” Kate asserted.
“”Don’t be silly.  We’d love your company.”
“Are you sure?”
“Positive.”
Enzo could do without her for one evening, she thought wryly.  Maybe, just maybe, he’d even miss her.  “Okay, I’ll go.”
By the time they stepped out of the elevator to Leonardo’s Bar and Grill, Gary was already there, patiently waiting for Belisaria.  They had met in the building since he was a lawyer in one of the offices.  Kate had always liked the well dressed and reserved boyfriend of her receptionist.
“I hope you don’t mind,” Kate told him.  “I tagged along.”
“The more the merrier,” he stated jovially.
As soon as they found a table they liked in the seat yourself facility, a waiter promptly took their order—Rum and Cokes for all three and different types of steaks for each.  Kate wasn’t sure how much she’d be able to eat, but she’d at least take a few bites.
“This is a great place,” stated Kate, eyeing the unobtrusive restaurant.  The atmosphere was quiet with muted lighting and the décor an earthy brown.
“You’ve never been here?” Gary asked incredulously.
“No.”
“But you’re in the building.”
Kate shrugged her shoulders and laughed lightly.  “It’s just one of those things.”
By Kate’s third drink, she could feel her world in a fuzzy, emotional state.  Belisaria eyed her employer with concern.  She had never seen Kate like this—never.  She knew for a fact that the good doctor rarely drank, that was why she was tipsy on only her third drink.
“Are you okay, boss?”  Belisaria asked, her hand on Kate’s arm.
“Fine,” blurted Kate.  But the truth was that seeing two people in coupledom like Belisaria and Gary had rattled her equilibrium which unfortunately wasn’t too balanced these days.  “I’m doing as well as someone like me can do—someone as terrible as me.”
“What did you say?”  asked Belisaria, thinking she hadn’t heard correctly.
“I’m a horrible person,” Kate announced, relieved that she had finally said it out loud after the thought had implanted itself in her head.  
“Kate,” Belisaria said, having gotten over the initial shock of what her boss had asserted, “I don’t know why you’re saying what you’re saying.  You’re an awesome person—a wonderful therapist, a conscientious employer, a—”
“None of that matters,” Kate insisted.  “I’m a selfish, unworthy human being.”
“It’s the drink talking,” interjected Gary.
Kate fervently shook her head.  “I wish it was only that.”
“Why are you saying such ugly things about yourself?” asked Belisaria.
“Because it’s true.”
“But—"
“I’m keeping two soul-mates apart,” she blurted.  “Two people who have a past together they don’t know about.”
“I don’t understand,” said Belisaria, confused.  
“It’s a secret.”
“A secret?” asked Gary.
Kate nodded.  “I can’t tell you about it.  I wish I could, but I can’t.”
“You can’t?” Belisaria asked.
“It’s nothing against you.  I know what a great person you are.”  Kate meant every word of it.  In addition to Belisaria being an excellent receptionist, she also did volunteer work.  She taught GED classes to those less fortunate.
“Thanks,” Belisaria responded. 
 “Please don’t take it personal that I can’t tell you my secret.”
“I don’t . . . Believe me,” she expressed wryly, “Like everyone, I have my own secrets, and wouldn’t dream of invading someone else’s privacy."
“This secret is so huge,” Kate mumbled.  “You’re probably better off not knowing.  I wish I didn’t know about it—I really do.”
By the time Kate arrived home that night, Enzo was already fast asleep in their bed.  Since Belisaria and Gary had had only one drink each, the rest sodas, they made sure she got to her house with Belisaria driving her there and Gary following them in Kate’s car.  
The moonlight filtered in through the thin curtains, and Kate gazed at Enzo.  His handsome silhouette completely asleep, completely out of her reach as it was even when he was awake.  A sharp pang pinched her heart.
I doubt if he missed me tonight, she said to herself.  I doubt it very much.
With the alcohol still coursing through her system and unleashing feelings she had kept hidden in dark corners, sleep was impossible.  A stream of violent thoughts like electric shocks vibrated in her head.  
He doesn’t love me . . . He’s never loved me . . . Never told me even once, just once, that he’s head over heals for me . . . only that he cares for me . . . CARES FOR ME—but not love like a passionate couple . . . Like . . . Like Leonardo and Valentina . . . He’s never wanted to get married . . . He’s never wanted children . . . Not with me! . . . Would he do it with Valeria? . . . Would he?!
The anguished pain the thought gave her was almost too much to bear, too raw, too overwhelming.  
I can’t let him go!
I just can’t.


Chapter 7

 “How was your first day, Val?” Leonel asked her at The Revolutionary Taco where they were having dinner.  His impish face smiled brightly at Valeria.  She couldn't help thinking about her mother's strange aversion to him, calling him a peacock wannabe.  
“It was good,” she answered, across from him in their favorite booth.
“You like the new school?”
Valeria couldn't adequately put into words what having transferred to Adelita High School meant to her.  After so many years of being at Marshall, she had felt an enormous pull to go to Adelita.  Actually, she had always felt that pull but had ignored it until she couldn't sweep the feeling aside any longer.  “I love the new school.  I love the students.  They’re very friendly.”
“They are?” he asked with fake surprise.
Valeria smiled.  “Yes.”
“They didn’t give you any apples with worms in them?” he teased.
“Not today.  Maybe tomorrow.”
“Do you need anything else?” asked the waitress, having gone up to them.
“No, but thank you for taking care of us so well,” he declared.
She smiled shyly before she left.  The new waitress was charmed by Leonel as most people were.  Valeria was accustomed to the way people reacted to his pleasant ways and easy nature.  Everyone, that is to say, except her parents who couldn't seem to warm up to him no matter how much he tried.  Her mother was always making snide remarks about him, comparing him to vain peacocks, slick pigs, or strutting roosters.  Valeria just couldn't understand why her parents couldn't see the great guy he was.
“So your new students are friendly,” he told her with a serious tone underneath his words.  “Especially the boys, I’m sure.”
“Leonel,” Valeria chided, “the boys and girls were equally as friendly.”
He was the jealous sort—not horribly so but enough to be irritating to her at times.  She would’ve never put up with a domineering, possessive person.  Still, he had his moments when he worried that she’d leave him for another man.  He had confessed to her that no other woman in his entire life had ever brought out those feelings of insecurity in him.
“I’m just saying that boys will be boys, and you’re the most beautiful woman at that school,” he announced, taking her hand from across the table and planting a kiss on her palm.
Valeria rolled her eyes and chuckled.  “How do you know that?  You’ve never been at the school and haven’t seen the other women there.”
“I don’t have to go there to know that no other woman can compare to you.”
“Thank you, Leo,” she said, touched by the sincerity in his eyes.  
Relieved when he started talking about his job as a stockbroker, Valeria didn’t want to talk about school anymore.  She didn't want to look into his eyes and tell him everything that had happened that day.  Luckily, he had much to say about his work.  
“It was a rough day, and the week just started,” he declared, groaning.
Leonel went on to tell about the challenges and rigors of the stock market.  Valeria listened patiently as she always did when he was explaining the difficulties of his job.  Grateful that she didn’t have to say more about her first day at her new school, she sighed quietly.  For the most part, her first day had been great.  There had been no major setbacks nor any regrets of having left Marshall High School.  But there had been one tiny, itsy bitsy matter that had bothered her.
Lorenzo Montes.
Her strange and completely unexpected reaction to meeting him was so unexplainable and illogical that she couldn’t help but keep thinking about it.  Lorenzo Montes was stuck in her head for some reason.  And to top it off, he completely disliked her, couldn’t stand the sight of her.  He could barely get himself to look her way at any given time.  What's up with that guy?  She’d just have to learn to ignore him even if he was in the room across from her.
“Val,” she heard her name from what seemed far away.  “Val,” Leonel repeated.  “Are you listening?”
“Yes,” Valeria assured, coming back from her thoughts.
“I’m sorry,” he expressed.  “I must be boring you with all this talk about work.”
She laid her hand on his, trying to pull all the warmth she could from it.  “It’s not that, Leonel,” she said, smiling to reassure him.  “I was thinking about school.”  At least it isn’t a total lie, she thought.  It is the truth—kind of.
“Soon, the year would’ve flown by and you won’t feel the awkwardness of being in a new school,” Leonel stated.
“Yes, I hope so.  Time does fly by fast.”
“Yes, it does.  Fast,” Leonel stated, his demeanor turning pensive.  “Very fast.  Val, I hate bringing this up, but I feel we have to talk about it.”
“Yes?” she said, bracing herself.  She already knew what he was going to say.
“Have you been thinking about a date for our wedding?”
“I’ve been so preoccupied starting at a new school and coming up with a good curriculum that I haven’t thought about it,” Valeria expressed apologetically.
“We’ve got to set a date,” he declared, a certain frustration in his undertone.
“I know, Leo.  Just give me a little bit more time so that I get used to my new job.  You wouldn’t want to overwhelm me, would you?”
He shook his head.  “Of course not, Val.  But we’ve got to set a date soon, okay?”
“Okay.”


Chapter 8

Lorenzo sat next to Kate on the sofa as they watched an action film.  She snuggled close to him as he tried to overcome feelings of having his space invaded.
“This is boring,” stated Kate, smiling at him.  “There’s a lot going on.  Bombs are exploding, car chases are happening, but where’s the heart of it?”
“I didn’t want to say anything, but this movie isn’t very interesting,” he asserted as he grabbed the remote and turned off the T.V.
 “What do you want to do?” Kate asked, giving him a sexy smile and snuggling closer to him.
The discomfort of the invasion of space showed on his face.  “I don’t know.”
“I can think of something,” she said, covering his face with miniature, lingering kisses.  
“Katie,” he said firmly as he gently pulled away from her.  “I’m sorry.”
 “What’s wrong?” Kate asked, hurt.
 “With it having been the first day of school, I’m a little tired.”
“Oh,” she said, disappointed.
“I apologize.”
“It’s okay.  I know that the first day back can be crazy.”
“Yes, very crazy,” he said dryly.
“It’s a miracle you have any energy at all by this time.”
“Do you forgive me?” he asked, hugging her loosely.
“Of course.”
“Thank you,” he muttered softly.  “You know how much I care for you, don’t you?”
“Yes,” she said, quietly with a slight frustration in her voice.  “I know.”
The next day, before the first bell of the morning, Lorenzo stepped into his classroom but not before nodding his head in greeting at Valeria who had also just arrived.  Unsmiling, she nodded back before entering her room.  
He shoved her wild hair, her vibrant eyes, the way she felt familiar to him, her cold greeting, and the rest of her into a tiny, hidden compartment in his head.  It helped that his students, who were now completely at ease with him, demanded so much of him.  Their questions didn’t cease, coming one after another.  Other teachers would’ve been irritated but it was Lorenzo’s firm opinion that learning involved many, many questions.
Still, it was a relief to get to the quiet of his free period.  Being basically an introvert, he could only take noise for so long.  Billy ambled into Lorenzo’s room since it was unfortunately his free period also.  The only reason they had a loose type of friendship was because Lorenzo was too polite to tell him to get lost.  Billy annoyed most of the other faculty.
“Hey, Lorenzo,” he greeted.
“What’s up, Billy?”
“You are so lucky being in front of the goddess,” he murmured, looking through the door window over to Valeria who seemed in complete concentration of the lesson she was teaching.
“You need to get you’re mind off of her,” Lorenzo stated dryly.  “She’s engaged.”
“I know but I can dream, can’t I?”
“Is that the only reason you’re here?  To stare at her from across the room?”
“Well, yes,” he said with a grin.
“Stop being such an animal.  A woman like her doesn’t appreciate being gawked at as if she’s a piece of meat.”
“I don’t look at her like that.”
“All you ever talk about are her looks.”
“I can’t help it if she’s so mesmerizing.”
Lorenzo shook his head.  “Stop staring at her.”
"She's my soul-mate—I just know it."
"Your soul-mate?" asked Lorenzo in disbelief.
"There's a special reason she's here."
"To teach kids, isn't that what she said?"
"It's kismet."
Lorenzo frowned.  "Kismet?—what's that?"
"Destiny."
Lorenzo guffawed.  "I never took you for one of those new age people.  Do you keep crystals in your pocket?"
Billy shook his head, annoyed.  "Of course not.  I'm not a new-ager, but I do believe in certain things like fate and soul-mates.  This thing with her has to be synchronicity.  We're perfectly synchronized.  I mean, I'm a teacher, she's a teacher.  I'm at this school, she switches schools.  You're my friend, she's across from you.  See how it works?"
"No, not really."
"She's my destiny—there's no two ways about it."
"As soon as you get tired of her then someone else will be your destiny," Lorenzo remarked dryly.
"You're making fun of me, but I'm in love."
"Yeah, right," Lorenzo snorted.
"I'm being sincere."
"Are you? I don't think so."
"I know I'm not a hero like you," he said, heavy envy in his tone, "but I have my own attributes."
"I didn't say you didn't."
"At least I’m not rude like someone I know,” he said, eyeing Lorenzo. 
“Rude?  What do you mean?”
“The way you walked out on us during lunch yesterday was very rude.”
“I excused myself.”
“You’ve got her thinking that you don’t like her,” Billy remarked matter-of-factly.
“What?”
“She thinks you dislike her.”
“She does?” he asked, perplexed.
“Yes, and I don’t blame her.  You hightailed out of our company as if you couldn’t wait to get away.” 
“I told you that I had stuff to do," Lorenzo stated.
“Your excuse sounded phony to me and phony to her too.”
“I had stuff to do,” he mumbled, irritated.
“Why don’t you like her, Lorenzo?”
“I don’t know anything about her.  Why should I like or dislike her?” Lorenzo asked uncomfortably.
“Are you sure that’s all that’s going on with you?”
“Yes,” Lorenzo declared, annoyed.
Billy nodded and looked over to her room.  “She’s one incredible woman.  I couldn’t figure out why you didn’t like her.”
“I don’t dislike her,” Lorenzo insisted as he looked over to her room too.  Valeria was speaking to Ema Beltran, one of his students from fifth period.  They shared a student—they had a connection.  He didn't know if the thought caused him pleasure or disruption—maybe both.  He did know, however, that while Ema was quiet and he had a difficult time getting her to talk, he hoped Valeria would have better luck getting this particular student to open up because she was like a tight shell.  
“Maybe Valeria will break up with her fiancé,” declared Billy, sighing.
Lorenzo shook his head.  “That’s not a nice wish.”
“No, but at least I’m being honest.”


Chapter 9

Compelled to stay away from the cafeteria and from a certain someone, Valeria packed a ham torta at home.  Her expert fingers rubbed refried pinto beans on one side of the sliced lengthwise pan blanco bread, and she put ham slices on the other.  She placed a generous amount of jalapeño pepper strips on top of the beans before closing the bread roll together.  During lunch, she bought a juice from the machine in the teacher’s lounge.  Other teachers had also brought their lunches and she took advantage of the opportunity to get to know them.  Some of them had been at the school for many years and others for a short time but all agreed that teaching had its unique challenges.  In her opinion, teachers were a different breed of people.  The better they were, the less they talked about themselves and the more they spoke about helping students.  
As Valeria took a swig of her beverage, the door swung open.  She awkwardly gulped down the juice in her mouth, almost choking on it.  Lorenzo's eyes widened when they saw her and the impenetrable texture in them became more pronounced.  He nodded a quick greeting, went to the vending machine, and bought a bottle of water.  He disappeared almost as soon as he had appeared.  
“What’s wrong with Lorenzo?” asked Martha, an Algebra teacher.
“I don’t know,” expressed Jan, a P.E. teacher, frowning.  “He's a quiet person, but he's usually friendly.”
That evening at home, Valeria prepared dinner for Leonel who was coming over.  Struggling fiercely, her mind tried to stay on the picadillo, ground beef with her specialty salsa, she was making, but it would invariably stray.   Lorenzo Montes.  That man is so rude.  A clumsy elephant has better manners.  But if she confronted him to ask why he disliked her, what would it help?  Would she change for him to become someone he liked?  No, of course not.  She'd have to learn to live with it.  By the time Leonel arrived, she had managed to calm down.  
“Dinner looks wonderful,” he said, smiling at the picadillo.  
“Thank you.”
“You’re such a great cook.  You can make even the simplest of dishes into gourmet platters.”
Valeria smiled back at him, her face glimmering with the compliment.  “Thank you.”
He grabbed the champagne he had brought with him, took out the corkscrew from one of the drawers in the kitchen, and popped the bottle open.  
“What are we celebrating?” Valeria asked with puzzled curiosity.
After pouring the sparkling drink, he handed her a long stemmed wine glass.  “We’re celebrating us.”
“Us?”
“Nothing else matters but that you love me and I love you and we should celebrate all the time,” he announced as he put forward his glass in a toast. 
Perplexed, she eyed him.  "What brought this on?"
"Oh, I don't know.  Lately, I've been feeling we shouldn't take our relationship for granted."
Valeria smiled as she clinked her glass to his.  “Okay, let’s celebrate.”
They each drank from their glass.  He allowed the liquid to stay in his mouth and tongue for a moment while she gulped hers down right away.  The truth was that she didn’t like this brand of champagne very much.  It was too dry and she liked her alcohol sweet the very few times she’d have it.  But he loved this particular champagne saying that it was so prestigious and expensive, he had to order it from Europe.  
“You don’t know how great it is to come here after a very long day and have a drink with you,” he sighed.
“Bad day?”
He nodded.  “Very frustrating.”
Valeria eyed him carefully, hesitating before speaking.  Finally, she let her words tumble out.  “Face it, Leonel,” she said quietly, “you hate your job.”
“I don’t,” he rushed to say.  “I—"
“Yes, you do.  You hate being a stockbroker.”
He cleared his throat.  “I don’t hate it.  It can be very rewarding, you know.”
“You’re so good with people.  I don’t know why you don’t switch careers to what you really want to do—Public Relations.”
“That would be crazy,” he declared, his voice energetic and annoyed.  “Very crazy.  You know how much money I make.”
“Money isn’t everything.”
“You say that because you’ve never had it,” he blurted before he could catch himself.  “Sorry, I didn’t mean to—"
“I know that I’ve never been rich,” she stated.  “I’ve never had it and lost it like you, but I know the value of things.”
“Do you know what it’s like to have your father kill himself because he couldn’t take care of his family?”  Leonel asked quietly, his voice in pain.
Valeria solemnly shook her head.  There was nothing she felt she could say to alleviate such a tragedy.  Leonel’s father had flung himself from a window when his stocks had plummeted, leaving his finances in ruins.  Before then, she had heard that Leonel had been a happy-go-lucky person, playful and very easy going.  While he still had heavy traces of those personality traits and she caught glimpses of them often, they were still well hidden underneath a blanket of insecurity, sadness, and frustration.   
He let out a deep breath.  “I know that you tell me to switch careers because you worry about me, but I’m great where I am,” he stated, gently gliding is index finger over her cheek.  “Sometimes, you can’t live your dreams.”
“But Leonel—"
“That’s not how life works.  Reality isn’t a fairytale,” he chided.
“Doing what you want to do isn’t a fairytale,” explained Valeria.  
“Sometimes it’s not possible.  Responsibilities interfere.”
“Responsibilities?”  she asked lightly.  “What responsibilities?”
“My mother.  My sisters.”
“They can live without so much expensive stuff,” Valeria blurted.
“You just don’t understand.”
“You’re right—I don’t get it.  Their way of thinking makes no sense to me.  Things are just things to me.  They’re just silly possessions.  They don’t tell me who I am, and they don’t tell others who I am either.  If they did, I don’t need those kinds of people around me. ”
He took her hands in his.  “What do you say if we drop this conversation?  I don't want to fight."
"I don't either."
"You made such a great dinner for us.  Let’s stuff ourselves, drink our champagne, and be happy to be together.”
Valeria sighed.  “That sounds good.”
“Great!  To my beautiful fiancée,” he gushed as he brought his glass to hers.
“To my handsome future husband,” she said, clinking the glass.
The bitter taste of the dry champagne slid down Valeria's throat as Leonel smiled contentedly at her.


Chapter 10

Lorenzo sat in front of Principal Bleaker with an exasperated look on his handsome face.  He had been called in and could think of nothing less enjoyable.  As Principal Bleaker finished his phone call with the new superintendent, Lorenzo counted in his head the more enjoyable tasks he could be doing.  I could be preparing the quiz my students will surely complain about, I could be getting stung by a bee, I could be eating a cactus prickly fruit with the stickers still on.
Principal Bleaker held the phone very close to his mouth as if he was ready to glue his lips to it.  “Let me just say Superintendent Morales what a great job you’re doing.  I know you just got here like I did, but you're doing a magnificent job.”
Lorenzo rolled his eyes.  What a kiss ass.  
Hanging up the phone, Principal Bleaker’s whole demeanor shifted.  The sickingly sweet posturing was completely gone as he sat up straight with his head tilting down towards Lorenzo.  Even though Lorenzo stood at least five inches taller than Bleaker, his chair was much shorter.  One of the first changes Bleaker made when he arrived at the school was to switch out the chairs.  He made certain he stood much higher than the person across his desk.  
“I called you in, Mr. Montes, because we need to talk,” he snapped.
“We do?”
“Your teaching leaves much to be desired.”
“What?”  What is this idiot saying?
“I’m afraid you’re not a very good teacher, and it’s my job to tell you.”
I’m not putting up with this crap.  “What do you base that opinion on?” Lorenzo asked furiously.
“You baby your students.”
“Excuse me?”
“We’re in one of the poorest districts in the country.  These students are lacking in everything.”
“Yes, they lack for things,” Lorenzo said angrily, “but not brains.”
“You’ve got to be tougher.  That’s the only way they’ll make it out there, at least some of them will,” Bleaker announced wistfully.
The nauseating churning in Lorenzo's stomach burned with scorching acid.  The fire in his eyes flickered.  “Principal Bleaker, if you had bothered to look into my success rate you would’ve seen that the majority of my students pass my class and even start doing better in their other classes.  I wasn’t hired to be a drill sergeant.  I was hired to teach and that’s what I do.  I won’t push the weaker to the wayside to let the tougher ones through,” he snapped, standing up.  “My free hour is almost over.  I’ve got a class to teach.  Is there anything else?”
Bleaker’s icy blue eyes stared into him.  “No, I’ve got nothing else to say but a piece of advice, Mr. Montes.  It would do you good to remember who’s in charge here.”
“How can I forget?” he expressed sarcastically as he left.
When he arrived at his empty classroom, Lorenzo plopped down on his chair.  Even though he was more energized than tired, he needed to contain the roaring fire.  The bell would be ringing soon and his students would be rushing in.  It would be good to be composed by that time.  
Underneath the burn in his stomach, Lorenzo felt a certain release for some unexplainable reason.  It was as if a tight, stubborn knot in his stomach was coming loose—an old, petrified knot that could only come loose with a forceful yank.  Telling the principal off had unnerved him because he wasn't used to being so flagrantly disrespectful, but it had also freed a long breath inside of him.  


Chapter 11

Concerned about one student in particular, Ema Beltran, Valeria asked to speak to her in private.  Trying to have a serious conversation in the middle of a busy class didn't square with her.  An intimate talk sounded much better where she would squeeze the words out of her student if she had to.  
During Valeria's free hour, she waited patiently for the problematic but unique pupil.  Completely closed off, Ema rarely let anyone into her sealed world.  During lunch she ate by herself, and in class she wouldn’t speak to anybody or even answer the teacher's questions.  Even though she’d rarely do her homework, her class work showed brilliance.  Ema had a way of looking straight into the heart of literature.  
“I’m here,” Ema said with a frown, standing in front of Valeria's desk.  Her shoulder length black hair was gathered in a severe and careless ponytail while her make-up free gamin-pretty face showed impatience.
“Please sit down.”
Ema plopped down in front of the teacher's desk.  Valeria, however, stood up and dragged her chair next to her student.  Ema looked visibly surprised.
“Thank you for coming, Ema.”
She smiled weakly.  “I didn’t have a choice.  You’re the teacher.”
“Yes, but you could’ve blown me off.”
“That wouldn’t have been nice.”
Valeria smiled warmly, nodding her head.  “Can you guess the reason I asked you to come here?”
“My work?  I know I’m not doing very well.”
“Ema,” she sighed, “that's not the problem.”
“It isn’t?”
“No, the real problem is that you don’t want to do well.”
Ema furrowed her eyebrows.  “What?”
“Why won’t you do all the work?”
“I just can’t do it,” Ema rushed.
“Why not?”
“I don’t understand it."
“Don't give me that,” Valeria stated.
“What?”
“Don’t play this game with me, Ema.”
“I don’t understand what you mean.”
“You’re smarter than almost anyone in the class.”
“I’m not.  I’m—"
“Ema,” she chastised.  “You're as bright as they come, but you won’t give your full effort.”
Furious flares burst out of Ema.  “All you teachers do is stay on my back!”
“What?”
“Mr. Montes is so mean to me that I just don’t feel like being here.”
“He’s mean to you?” 
“Yes, he tells me I’m too stupid to do my work.”
“He tells you that?” Valeria asked, shocked.
“Yes, and I don’t know about you but I hate being called stupid.”
Valeria put her shaky hand to her heart seconds before it became knurled in a tight fist.  She knew he was rude but not this rude.  “I’m sorry, Ema.  You're not stupid, and I don’t know why he would say that,” she said, between her teeth.
The bell rang and Ema stood up.  “I’ve got to get to my next class, Ms. Loya.”
“Go ahead, Ema.  I’ll finish talking with you later.”
After Ema had left, Valeria looked through the long glass on her door.  Lorenzo seemed immersed in his lesson, as if he was a caring and conscientious teacher.  What a catastrophic lie!  She angrily shook her head.  This cannot be left like this, she said to herself.  No way! He's worse than a raving bull that's loose in a grocery store.
When the school day finally came to a close, Valeria gathered her frustrations and marched straight up to Lorenzo in his classroom.  His eyebrows shot up in curiosity as soon as he saw her determined, furious face.
“I need to speak to you,” she demanded.
Lorenzo eyed her intently.  “What can I do for you?”
“I had a talk with Ema Beltran today.”
“You did?” he asked, curiosity in his voice.
“I’m going to report you to the principal.”
“What?” he asked, flabbergasted.
“Calling your students stupid is totally irresponsible and inexcusable.”
“Calling my students stupid?” he asked, his tone puzzled. 
“Yes, Ema told me you had called her stupid.”
“What?”
“You told her she was stupid.”
He shook his head.  “What I said was—” 
“I don’t want to hear your excuses!” she declared as she started to leave.  
“Valeria,” he fumed, “how can you step into my classroom and start yelling at me?  Accusing me of—"
She slammed the door behind her.  She just couldn’t stay in the classroom with that man a moment longer.  Marching up to Principal Bleaker’s office, she asked him if she could take a moment of his time.  He grinned at her with a smile she didn’t particularly like.
“I’ve been wanting to meet with you privately,” he said, his eyes swept over her.
Bile rose to Valeria's throat.  She hated being treated as if she was a piece of meat.  
“I try to meet with all of my teachers in private,” he continued.  “It keeps us in touch.”
“You mean it keeps the communication lines open?”
He frowned harshly.  “Maybe but most importantly it keeps me in the flow of what is really going on.  As the principal, the man in charge, I need to keep close tabs on everything my teachers are doing.”
What a jerk!  Valeria despised micromanagers.  Instead of managing, they ruled with an iron fist, making everyone around them miserable while getting off on the feeling of power.
“I just needed to talk to you about—"
“You know, Ms. Loya, it’s hard having so much responsibility thrust upon you.  You’ve got to be really tough, really strong.  You know what Shakespeare said about the crown being a burden?”
Valeria glared at him, flabbergasted and with disgusted disbelief.  “’Uneasy lies the head that wears the crown?’” 
“Yes,” he stated.
“Anyway, I’m here because—"
“Yes, uneasy is the man with the crown.  Very uneasy.”
“But—"
“You have no idea what it’s like—no idea,” he insisted.
The jerk won’t let me talk.  As soon as those words formed in her mind, a realization struck her, one that jolted her fiercely.  I’m a jerk.  I didn’t let Lorenzo speak.  I didn’t let the man defend himself.  Now she was stuck with this jackass, this human plague, who she would do everything possible to avoid from that day forward.
Valeria abruptly stood up.  “Thank you for letting me talk to you.  I’ve got to go.”
Principal Bleaker furrowed his eyebrows.  “Did you have something you needed to tell me?”
“I just wanted to say that I know I’m new here, but it’s a great school and I’m proud to be here.”
“A great school?” he scoffed, his whole face in a tight frown.
Valeria abhorred when people only saw value in material things, and when they saw no value in other people or places because of a lack in prestige.  Despite the ridiculous saying about how much people were worth, people weren't worth money.  People were priceless no matter what walk of life they came from in her firm opinion.
“Yes, a great school,” Valeria stated, fierce annoyance in her voice.  “Full of hardworking students.”
“But—“
“I’ve got to go,” she announced coldly.
“Okay,” he mumbled.
Valeria hurried out, hoping frantically that she would catch Lorenzo, but he wasn’t in his classroom.  Disappointment and shame ate at her like a chicken pecking grain off the ground.  She’d have no choice but to catch up to him the next day, she thought forlornly as she headed for her car.  As she neared it, someone stood quietly next to it.  With overwhelming surprise, she found it was a furious and seething Lorenzo.  
“You left me with the words in my mouth, not letting me explain anything,” he threw out angrily once she reached him.  “Con la palabra en la boca!” he emphasized.
“I—“
“I know you went to Principal Bleaker and you know what?  I don’t care.  The man is a moron anyway.”
Valeria started chuckling loudly.  “I know.”
“What?”
“I know he’s a moron.”
“You do?”
“I just found out.  By the way, I didn’t say anything about the Ema Beltran business.”
“You didn’t?”
“I realized the man was a jerk and left his office.”   
“I want you to know that I didn’t call Ema Beltran stupid.  I’m not the kind of a teacher who intimidates students.”
Valeria stared deeply into the sincerity of his eyes.  “I’m sorry, Lorenzo.  I should’ve let you explain instead of shooting my mouth off.”
“Yes, you should’ve.”
“I’m really worried about that student.”
“So am I.”
“Would you let me make it up to you, and let me buy you a soda?” Valeria asked hopefully.  “Maybe we can try to figure something out about her.”
“Sure.”
The one short word that had come off his tongue so naturally and quickly had released the tension and disappointment of possible rejection.  He had said yes to her.
As they arranged to meet at a nearby restaurant, she was deeply aware of how his eyes looked into her with attentiveness instead of sweeping lasciviously over her like Bleaker's stare had done.  His words weren't spiked with boastful talk, and he definitely didn't carry a limelight with him.  Lorenzo Montes was much easier to like and admire than she had previously thought.  


Chapter 12

As Lorenzo drove to the Mexican restaurant, Antojitos, he anxiously watched the speedometer, wishing he could travel faster but he was already at speed limit.  His usual calm self was nowhere to be found as he grew uncharacteristically impatient with slow cars.  Luckily, all his traffic lights had been green—all of them.  
Finally arriving at his destination, a quiet smile spread over his lips as he approached Valeria.  Her curly hair fell to her waist as wild as ever and her dark, shiny eyes throwing sparks of life.
 “I really need to apologize again,” she said as soon as they were seated in the simple restaurant with the red tablecloths, square tables, and dark wood chairs.  A radio set on a Mexican station sat in a corner, over a small table and belted out ballads in Spanish—the kind that usually made Lorenzo squirm with discomfort but that he was actually and surprisingly enjoying at the moment.
The waitress took their order.  Valeria wanted a glass of lemonade and Lorenzo a Coke but both declined an entrée.  This isn’t a date, he said to himself.  And it can’t seem like one.  Instead, they both ordered appetizers—spicy hot chicken wings and nachos loaded with cheddar cheese, pinto beans, and ground beef.  
“You don’t need to keep apologizing, Valeria,” he stated.
“Yes, I do.  I burst into your office like a nutcase.”
“I want you to know—absolutely have it clear—that I would never call a student stupid.”
Even at his most blunt self, he’d never do something like that.  His parents had taught him better.  Even if they lived in Albuquerque, far away from him, their gracious influence still touched him.  When he was younger, very shy and very solitary, they had coaxed him out of his shell, as far out as someone like him would go.  
She nodded.  "I want you to know that I can go a little or a lot overboard when it comes to my students.  Sometimes I act before I use my head."
He chuckled.  “It’s good that you are so passionate about teaching.”
“Our students have so much going against them.  They need someone on their side, you know?”
Lorenzo smiled lightly, his hand aching to touch the softness of hers.  “Yes, I know.”
“I believe that with understanding, attention, and faith in them, I can help.  I know it’s naive of me,” Valeria said quietly.
Lorenzo nodded, his dark eyes with a deep shine.  “If that’s naive then call me naive too.  I tend to think that the world needs more idealists.”
Her soft smile became a gentle grin.  “Why did you get into teaching?”
“Actually, I’ve never wanted to do anything else.”
“Really?” she asked, the gentle grin becoming an outright strong one.
“Yes, what about you?”
“Same thing.”
“You always wanted to be a teacher too?”
“My favorite game as a little girl was playing classroom.  Guess who was always the teacher?”
He chuckled with a hearty laugh that came from deep inside.  “I was five when I told my parents I’d be a teacher.  They thought I’d grow out of it and want to be something else like most children do, but here I am.”
She smiled with such warmth that Lorenzo had to look away.  “About Ema . . .”
“Yes?” he said, looking back at her and he almost looked away again.  Gazing straight into her deep eyes was more of a difficult task than he would admit—even to himself.  
A few silent seconds ensued with a comfortable type of awkwardness in the air.  She finally spoke, breaking the spell.  “I think . . .”
“Yes?”
“I think we should pay a home visit and talk to her and her parents.  What do you think?”
He tore his eyes away from her, so he could concentrate.  “I think it’s a great idea.”
“You do?”
He nodded.  Talking about someone else—someone they both cared about—helped get his mind back on track.  “Yes.”
"Great."
He smiled.  "Yes, great."
“When do we go?” 
“How about tomorrow?” he stated.  “After school.”
“Tomorrow?”
“Yes, tomorrow.”
Valeria smiled, her eyes sparkling.  “Tomorrow it is.”


Chapter 13

“Hi, Val,” Leonel said as soon as she answered her cell phone.
“Hi,” she returned, trying to muster up some enthusiasm.
“Where are you?  I called your landline.”
“I’m just stepping in the door.”
“You had to take care of some school stuff?” 
“Yes,” Valeria said uneasily, hoping her voice had thawed out.  “I had to take care of some things.”
“Listen, I just got off work—early for once.  I can be at your place in twenty minutes.”
“Leonel, I’ve got a lot of papers to grade.”  Biting her tongue at the half-truth, she firmly told herself she just needed some alone-time—that's all.  Even couples about to get married needed time away from one another, didn't they?
“But, Val, I really want to see you.  I miss you.  I haven’t seen you for three whole days.”
He was annoying her with his recent stalker-like tendencies.  He was calling her too often and wanting to see her what seemed to be every second of the day.  She was starting to envision sticky, old bubble gum whenever she spoke to him.
“Sorry, Leo, I need to get all these papers graded.  I’m way behind.”
“I’ll only take a few minutes.  I just want to run something by you.”
“A few minutes?”
“Yes.”
Valeria sighed.  Guilt made up her mind.  “Okay.”
“I’ll be right over!”
True to his word, Leonel arrived at her place in less than half an hour.  His contagious excitement and youthful buoyancy made her feel worse about her lack of enthusiasm at seeing him.  
“Guess what?” he asked, grinning like a little boy.
“What?”
“I’m getting a raise!”
Valeria hugged him warmly.  Being happy for someone's good fortune wasn't difficult.  “Congratulations.”
“I couldn’t wait to tell you.”
“It’s such great news.”
“And you want to know what the best part of it is?”
“What is it?” she asked with curiosity.
“We’ll be able to go on an extended honeymoon through Europe!”
“Through Europe?” Valeria asked, disappointment in her voice.
Leonel eyed her, perplexed.  “You don’t want to go to Europe?”
“To be honest with you, I’ve already been there and want to go someplace I haven’t been,” she blurted, not being able to hold in the truth of who she was.
“But Val, wouldn’t you want to go back?  I’ve already been there too, but how can you ever get enough of Europe?”
“I’d rather go on a new adventure,” she insisted, sure of herself.  
“Like where?”
“Peru.”
“Peru?” 
“I’d love to see Machu Pichu.  See the pyramids of the Incas.”  She had already seen the breathtaking ones in Mexico and Guatemala.  “That would be so exciting!”
“You want to go there for our honeymoon?” he asked, baffled.
“Either there or Africa.”
“Africa?”
“Yes.”
Leonel’s puzzled face became more pronounced.  “You want to go on a Safari?”
“Yes, why not?" Valeria asked, feeling the space between them getting wider and more opaque.  “I mean I don’t want to shoot animals, but I’d love to take their picture.”
“You really want to do that on a honeymoon?” he asked in disbelief.  “Wouldn’t it be more romantic to take a walk in Paris?”
Valeria shrugged her shoulders unenthusiastically.
“You'd rather go on Safari than to Paris,” he muttered.  “I just can't believe it.”
“I've already told you—I've already been to Paris.  I want to go someplace different.”
To Valeria, life was about exploring and welcoming new experiences instead of doing the same things over and over again.  Leonel, on the other hand, liked to keep his world small, in manageable bites.  In his opinion, why not stay in the tried and true options?  Why not stay with the comfort that money could buy, with the prestige and opulence that went with it?
He let out a frustrated breath as Valeria eyed him with challenge.  “Oh well,” he asserted quietly, “we still have some time to figure out our honeymoon before our wedding.”  
"I guess so," she said dryly.
He took her hands in his, kissing them like a school boy.  He glided his fingers over her engagement ring.  “You’re so beautiful and if I may say so, this sparkling, one-of-a-kind ring from the best jeweler I could find makes you even more gorgeous.”
Valeria smiled lightly.  “Are you sweet-talking me?”
“Absolutely,” he said, kissing her hands again, his eyes suddenly landing on the only other ring she wore, a simple gold one with an emblem of a flower on its front.  “You don’t have to wear this cheap ring anymore, Val.”
She frowned heavily, the opaqueness between them becoming pitch black.  “It’s got sentimental value,” she stated dryly.
A pinkish tint covered his cheeks.  “I’m sorry.  I didn’t know.”
Later that night when Leonel had gone home and she was preparing to go to bed, the gold ring came to her mind.  She had never told Leonel the story behind it, of how she had come to own this precious object that meant so much to her.  It wasn’t a secret but for some reason, she felt unwilling to share it with him.  Besides, he hadn’t asked about it.  Why tell him anything? 
Many years ago, her parents had decided it was time to get out of rental homes and mortgage a house.  As an adolescent, she had been as thrilled as a lottery winner to be able to feel ownership of her room.  The Loya family moved to a lively, friendly neighborhood where people were as close as grain in a sack.  The Loyas' next door neighbor, a kind elderly lady, welcomed them on the first day they arrived.  Being of a nurturing nature, Valeria's mother immediately started looking after the elderly woman.  The woman’s children would rarely visit, and her husband had recently died.
"Is it such a sacrifice for children to take care for their parents?  To visit them?" Mrs. Loya growled, her voice in a chiding mode.  
"I don't know what's wrong with Doña Ofelia's children," Valeria expressed.
"I'd understand if they stayed away from her because she was mean and vicious like a hungry coyote, but she's as sweet as a baby chick."
"I think her kids are ashamed of her," Valeria commented.
"Ashamed?"
"They like to pretend they have money, and Doña Ofelia is a simple woman, an unpretentious person."
"What stupidity!  I order you, order you, never to act like you don't have the brains God gave you," Mrs. Loya snapped.  "Even animals have more sense than that."
Valeria, in keeping with her mother, also started looking in on the elderly lady and making sure she was fine.  She became preoccupied with making certain her neighbor had a full belly and warm blankets to sleep in. A special kinship grew between them as if Doña Ofelia was part of the Loya family.  
Doña Ofelia told Valeria the most fascinating and intriguing stories about her life.  Her parents had actually been in the Mexican Revolution.  Unfortunately, they had also met their deaths in it.  Why her kids rarely visited their great mother to hear about their remarkable ancestry was beyond Valeria's comprehension.  Doña Ofelia's parents had been sung about in the famous Mexican folk song The Ballad of Forever.  She had been raised by her grandparents on her mother’s side, and by her mother’s best friend  Katalina.  Mama Katalina, as Doña Ofelia called her, had stayed on with Doña Ofelia’s mom’s parents to help raise baby Ofelia when Doña Ofelia’s father had died.  
“Mama Katalina had promised my mama she would take care of me, and she kept her promise,” sighed Doña Ofelia.  
A few days before she passed away, Doña Ofelia took the only ring she used off her finger and handed it to Valeria.  “I want you to have this,” she stated.
“I can’t,” Valeria answered, feeling deep warmth towards the simple ring and the pull of connection to it.
 “I know it’s not worth much in dollars but it means the world to me.  It’s been in my family for ages.”
“Then you should give it to one of your daughters.”
 “No,” she groaned.  “They’ll never appreciate it.  They’ll shove it into some drawer or worse—throw it away.  You’ll wear it, won’t you, Valeria?”
“Yes, I’ll wear it,” Valeria expressed, finally giving herself permission to accept an object she felt a pull towards.
A few days later, Doña Ofelia never woke up from her slumber.  Devastated and heartbroken, Valeria wondered with absolute curiosity how the elderly woman knew that she was about to meet with death.  But her mother told her not to be surprised by such a happening, that life and death weren’t always what they seemed.  
“Death has many fingers,” Mrs. Loya asserted.  “We human beings have very little understanding of it.”
"We do?"
"Absolutely."
Many years later, Valeria still thought about Doña Ofelia’s sharp instinct of her upcoming death, and her willingness to face it so quietly.  Gazing at the simple ring, it gave her immense joy and satisfaction that she had kept her promise and no one would make me take it off—not even her fiancé.  


Chapter 14

Riding in the same enclosed vehicle didn’t seem like a good idea and neither Valeria nor Lorenzo had had to explain it to the other.  Each arrived in separate cars to Ema's home, a crisp type of vibrancy in the air.  As they stood at the door, very approximate to one another, their voices tightened in their throats as if speaking under such circumstances was difficult.  
“Here we go,” he said lightly, his eyes trying to stay away from her.
“Yes, here we go,” she answered, also looking the other way.
Valeria knocked on the partly dilapidated door.  The apartment that Ema lived in was run down and in a working class neighborhood.  Neither seemed surprised when it was Ema herself who opened the door.
“Hi, Ema,” said Valeria, giving a comforting smile to her student's shocked face.
“Ms. Loya, Mr. Montes,” Ema expressed, her eyes as round as saucer cups.
“We wanted to talk to you and your parents,” expressed Lorenzo.
“My mom isn’t here,” Ema stated nervously.
“And your dad?”
Ema cleared her throat.  “I don’t have one.”
“You don't?” asked Valeria.
“My father died a long time ago.”
“I’m sorry,” murmured Valeria.
“We didn’t know,” said Lorenzo.
“May we talk to you while your mom gets home?”
“Why?” 
“Don’t be nervous, Ema,” stated Valeria with a comforting voice.  “All we want to do is have a nice talk.”
“Yes, Ema.  We just want to discuss some things.  Is that okay?”
“Can’t we do this at school?  I can get my mom to come with me.”
“We’re already here,” said Lorenzo.
“But . . . ” 
“Yes?” asked Valeria.
“I . . . ” 
“Yes?”
“I don’t want . . .”
“What do you want to tell us?” asked Valeria.
“I don’t want you to come inside my home,” Ema rushed.
“Why?” asked Valeria.
“I’m ashamed of where I live,” Ema blurted, upset as her eyes stared at the faded and cracked linoleum on the floor.  It had once, way before Ema and her family moved there, been beige with a circular pattern but now most of the circles were broken and the original color hard to decipher.
“Why would you be ashamed?” asked Valeria.
“We don’t have a lot of money,” mumbled Ema.
“Ema,” Valeria said gently.  “I grew up in a neighborhood just like this one.
“So did I,” stated Lorenzo.
“You did?”
“Yes,” assured Valeria.  
“When my parents came from Mexico, they didn’t have much,” explained Lorenzo.
“Neither did mine,” Valeria declared.  “Never be ashamed of being poor.  Be ashamed of not being a good, caring person.”
Lorenzo eyed Valeria with admiration and a smile on his lips.  “Would you please let us in so we can talk?” 
“Okay,” Ema said, a nervous timbre still in her voice.
As they stepped into the tiny apartment, Neither Valeria or Lorenzo took particular notice of the well worn furniture which had been bought at Goodwill or the scarcity of things in the spotless apartment.  Two kids, a girl and a boy, intently watched TV.  
“This is my sister Becky and my brother Cheecho.”
“Hi,” the children said in unison, as they stood up from the sofa and shook hands with Valeria and Lorenzo.  
“Go to mom’s room and re-check your homework.”
“Your sister and brother have very good manners,” commented Lorenzo as soon as the children left the room.
“They’re awesome kids,” said Ema, pride filling her voice.  
“Like you,” stated Valeria.
“Which is why we came to talk to you,” expressed Lorenzo.  “You’re too good of a student to waste your brain.’
“I’m not a good student,” Ema blurted.  “I’m stupid.”
Lorenzo let out an exasperated sigh.  “Ema, you’re not stupid.”
“You told me I was.”
“I told you that if you didn’t put more effort, you were doing something stupid.”
“Ema, why do you do the work sometimes and then at other times slack off?”
“It’s tough.”
“The work?” asked Valeria.
“Yes, not all teachers are like you, you know.”
“You’re having a hard time with some of your other classes?” asked Lorenzo.
Ema’s eyes became wet and sad.  “I don’t fit in school.”
“Tell us about it, Ema,” Valeria said gently.
“I don’t have any friends and some of my other teachers treat me as if I’ve got a cooties or something.”
“Let’s start with the friends business,” said Lorenzo.  “Tell me why you think you don’t you have friends?”
“I’m a freak.”
“Why do you say that?” asked Valeria.
“I just don’t fit in.  I can’t get into what most teenagers are into,” Ema blurted.  “I don’t really care about designer clothes or parties or popularity.”
“You don’t?” asked Lorenzo.
“No, I don’t,” Ema affirmed.  “You probably don’t believe me.”
“We believe you,” stated Valeria.  “With your father gone and two kids you have to take care of while your mom works, you’ve grown up very fast, haven’t you?” 
“I guess so.”
“You’re very mature for someone your age,” declared Lorenzo.
“Or someone of any age,” asserted Valeria, smiling.  “That’s why you have a hard time fitting in.”
“You really think I’m mature?”
“Yes, and you’re also smart and talented,” rushed Valeria.
“That’s why you have to put more effort in school.”
“But I hate school,” cried Ema.  “It’s just not for me.”
Valeria put her hand on Ema’s shoulder.  “But—“
“You don’t understand.”
“Ema, we know that high school is tough,” asserted Valeria.
“For some people it’s not,” Ema stated bitterly.
“This world is made up of many different kinds of people—luckily,” assured Valeria.
“And not all people are joiners," Lorenzo declared.  "Some are more like you—private and not liking crowds.  I’m like that.”
“You are?” Ema asked, her voice showing a sliver of hope.
“I’ve always been a loner.”
“I’m not that much of a crowd person myself,” stated Valeria.
“High school is very tough for people like us.”
“Mr. Montes is 100% right,” affirmed Valeria.  “People like us find it hard to be followers just to be accepted.”
“But because you don’t fit in doesn’t mean you should slack off, Ema.  You need that diploma.”   
“You’re already a junior.  Graduation is around the corner.  College will be different from high school.”
“College?” asked Ema.
“Yes, college,” affirmed Valeria.
“You think I can go to college?  I don’t have any money.”
“You can’t use that as an excuse.  There are grants and scholarships out there,” assured Lorenzo.
“Have you heard that Spanish expression, 'Querer es poder?” asked Valeria.  Ema nodded. “Well, it's true.  If you want something bad enough you can do it.” 
“You’re very bright, Ema.  You’re grades are at a B average even with all the slacking off.  If you work hard from now on, you can up your grades to an A average.”
“What kind of career do you want, Ema.  Have you thought about it?”
“I want to be . . . ” 
“Yes?” asked Lorenzo.
“A teacher.”
“You do?” asked Valeria, her lips forming a bright smile.
“Yes.”
“Go for it,” stated Lorenzo.  “Don’t let anyone or anything stop you.”
“But sometimes I don’t understand the work in my classes.”
“Ask your teachers questions,” said Valeria.  “Annoy them if you have to.”
“Ema, to be honest with you, some teachers are only there for a paycheck.  It’s hard being a good teacher and some have given up on it because of the problems with teaching.  Sometimes we don’t get the support we need from those above us or by the parents themselves.”
“Ema, I know how hard it must be for you to try to keep up at school and trying to take care of your brother and sister, but it’s something you have to do.  Your future is in your hands.”
“Ms. Loya and I will help you any way we can.  You can come see us with whatever.”
“I can?”
“Absolutely,” gushed Valeria.
As the door opened, all pairs of eyes shifted to it.  A woman stepped in and eyed Valeria and Lorenzo with surprise.  She looked like an older, more tired version of Ema with dark hair speckled with gray and exhausted eyes.
“Mom, these are my teachers, Ms. Loya and Mr. Montes.”
“Is everything okay?” asked Mrs. Beltran with concern, shaking their hands.
“We just wanted to stop by to tell you how proud we are of your daughter.  She’s very intelligent,” explained Valeria.
Mrs. Beltran smiled brightly and sat down on the loveseat next to Ema.  “Yes, my daughter is very smart.”
“We want to encourage her to study hard and go to college.”
“You think she has a chance of that?” asked Mrs. Beltran, hope radiating in her voice.
“Yes, definitely.”
“But the money, but—“
“There are government grants and loans out there and if she applies herself, she can get a scholarship,” informed Valeria.
Shiny tears formed in Mrs. Beltran’s eyes.  “That would be a dream.”
“A dream that can come true,” stated Valeria.
“Really?”
“Yes,” asserted Lorenzo.
Tears trickled down Mrs. Beltran’s face.  “With my husband dying all of a sudden, it’s been very hard and I’m afraid my poor daughter has had too much on her shoulders.”
“Its okay, Mama,” said Ema, hugging her.
“No, it’s not okay but there isn’t much I can do.  I’m trying the best that I can.”
“I know, Mama.”
“It’s all I can do.”
“Mrs. Beltran,” murmured Lorenzo.  “You’ve done a very good job with your daughter.  She’s smart, respectful, and kind.  You should be very proud of yourself.”
“Yes, Mrs. Beltran.”
“I wish I could give her more.”
“You’ve given her all you have,” stated Valeria.  “She has to take it on from here.”
“And we’re going to help her,” Lorenzo assured.  
“You will?” asked Mrs. Beltran.
“We really want her to graduate and go to college,” said Valeria.
“This is what we live for,” Lorenzo stated.
“Ema can do it.” assured Valeria.
Lorenzo nodded.  “She can.”
Moments later, after finishing their conversation with Mrs. Beltran and Ema, Valeria and Lorenzo walked slowly to their cars.  Like accomplices in a secret endeavor, they savored each tiny second of their connection.  They smiled warmly at each other, radiating a quiet accomplishment.
“I’m so glad we decided to come,” said Lorenzo with a joyous timbre in his voice.
“This is what teaching is about.”
“You were great in there,” Lorenzo asserted.
“So were you.”
“It’s unbelievable, isn’t it?”
“What is?” Valeria asked, staring into him as he pulled her in.
“The feeling of touching someone’s life.”
“Completely amazing.”
On the drive home, each in their own car, they had the same thought—wouldn't it be great if they could share this tremendous experience with their significant others?  If they could tell them about it and be understood?—not just a polite smile from them and an 'I'm happy because you're happy' expression but a true understanding of what it meant to have an all-consuming urge to be of assistance to those slipping through the cracks of society.  Wouldn't it be something to have with their lovers what they had shared with basically a stranger?


Chapter 15

"What do you want from the freezer, Enzo?" asked Kate, giving the shopping list in her hand a once over to make certain she and Lorenzo had gotten everything they needed from the supermarket.
"Nothing," he stated, staring at the extra spicy chicken wings in a bag.
"Do you want these?" Kate asked, opening the freezer door to grab the hot wings.
"Leave them," he stated miserably.
"But--"
"Leave them."
"Okay, I sure can't eat them.  They irritate my stomach."
If the wings tasted anything like the ones at Antojitos, he thought, he wouldn't be able to get his mind off of the restaurant and who he had shared the burning appetizers with.  He forced his thoughts back on Kate who led him towards the checkout stand as he pushed the heavy cart full of food.
"I was thinking, do you think we can have a date night tomorrow?" asked Kate.
"Sure."
"I really want to see this movie.  Don't worry—it's not a horror film or a romance," she stated as they got in line behind several shoppers.
"Sounds good."
"It's just one of those true stories about a young woman who overcame all kinds of obstacles to go to college and become successful."
He chuckled lightly.
"What's funny?" she asked.
"Nothing—just an inside thing."
"Anyway, I thought we could see the movie tomorrow and then on Sunday you could go with me to the car dealership."
Lorenzo frowned loudly.  "For what?"
"What else?  I need a new car."
"A new car?" he asked, baffled.  "Are you kidding me?"
"Enzo," she said sternly, "you know I get a new car every two years or so.  I've had this one for three years.  It's time."
"Your car is practically new."
"What do you mean new?  It's--"
"Okay, okay," he mumbled.  "It's really none of my business what you do with your money."
"No, it's not," she snapped defensively.
Lorenzo tried to soften his stance.  "I guess it's hard for me to understand since I've had the same car for five years."
"It's a clunker.  While you're with me at the dealership, you should pick out a new car for yourself."
"I like my car," he declared, a slight growl to his tone.  "And I have too much to do on Sunday.  I'm not going with you."
"But—"
"Katie, I really don't want to go.  It feels like a complete waste of time to me.  You're the one who negotiates with the salesperson and knows all about the different makes and models.  You don't need me there."
"It would be nice for you to help me pick, if we could do this as a couple," she explained, her eyes hopeful.
"I've just got too much to do on Sunday," he lied.


Chapter 16

As Valeria and Leonel drove away from the beautiful home he lived in with his mother and two sisters, Valeria sighed.  Visiting his family was always an excruciating ordeal and when it was over, she was completely drained.  His family prattled on, filling her ears with the most headache-inducing gibberish.  
"So and so just bought an island."
"So and so just married an heiress."
"So and so just lost all his money."
Who cares?!!!  But it was worse when they got on their appearance merry-go-round.  
"You should stay out of the sun.  You're getting darker," they'd tell each other and Valeria.  Of which Valeria couldn't hold in her frustrations any longer and snapped, "I like being dark--not a lot of wrinkles show through."
Valeria didn't actually have anything against wrinkles but knew that Leonel's botoxed up family obsessed about them.  It irritated Valeria that in this day and age skin color ignorance was still prevalent.  
Leonel glanced at the rear view mirror and smiled at what he saw.  Valeria knew how much he loved the palatial house he rented, even when he could barely afford it each month.  Still, she didn't see the point of living paycheck to paycheck just to keep up with appearances.  What nonsense was that?
 “Sorry about my family,” apologized Leonel, something he did frequently when it came to them.  “They’ve never accepted what happened to my dad and our fall from fortune.”
That's an understatement, thought Valeria.
His mother and sisters lived in the past—always talking about when they were wealthy.  Their condescending conversations were only about what they had owned, lavish trips they had taken, and who they had known.  Valeria could care less for any of this and found it almost impossible to keep her face from looking bored.  
“Leonel,” Valeria said quietly, “I’m never going to be who they want me to be.  You know that, don’t you?”
“Val,” his voice turned very serious, “they’ll eventually have to come to terms with the fact that we’re not rich anymore and about you and me.  They’ll have to.” 
Valeria stared out the window, not convinced even an iota about what Leonel was saying.  In her experience, people didn’t face what they didn’t want to look at and they could go from one experience to another still desperately clinging to illusions instead of maturing.  He took one hand off the steering wheel, wrapped his fingers around hers, and kissed the palm of her hand.  
“Let’s talk about something more important,” he murmured.
“Huh?”
“Let’s talk about something very, very important,” he emphasized.
“What do you want to talk about?
“It’s time we set the date for our wedding, don’t you think?”
“Leonel, I—“
“No more excuses, Val.  No more,” he groaned.
“Okay,” she sighed.  “You’re right.”
 “We’ve got to set a date,” he insisted.  “I’m tired of waiting.”
Valeria nodded solemnly.  “Okay, we’ll set the date.”
Leonel became pensive.  “How about July?  That’ll give us enough time to do everything we need.”
“Okay.”
Leonel kissed her palm again.  “You’ve made me so happy.”
She managed a weak smile.
That night, she fell into an uneasy sleep.  Tossing and turning, she was only half asleep until she finally succumbed.
Not again!  she said to herself as she awoke with an abrupt start.  She had been certain that when she had finished treatments with Dr. O'Leary, it was the end of the recurring nightmare.
But it was back. 
And it was back with a vengeance.
It was more intense than before, more teeth grinding, and more excruciating.  An explosion.  She was unconscious and pregnant on the ground.  A sharp knife coming at her.
Would she ever be free from her recurring nightmare?


Chapter 17

“Are you sure about this?” asked Mrs. Loya of her daughter, her face in a know-it-all scrunch that mothers sometimes had.
Having arrived moments ago at her parents’ house with the big news, Valeria needed to start shoving her nightmare aside and forcing herself to plan her wedding.  Her mother, though, wasn't making it easy.
 “Mom, what do you mean if I’m sure?” replied Valeria.
“Do you really want to marry him?  Do you?” Her eyes challenged her daughter.
“What kind of question is that?” asked Valeria, more disturbed than angry.
“Maybe you should wait a year before setting the date.  It’s an excellent idea even if I do say so myself.”
“I’ve already postponed it enough.  Why don’t you like Leonel, Mom?”
“He’s okay.” she grumbled.
“Just okay?” 
“He's uppity like a coddled reality show star.” 
“Not that again.  He's a perfectly nice guy.” 
“Maybe,” Mrs. Loya said, shrugging her shoulders.  “It doesn’t really matter how I feel.  If chickens can get used to peacocks in their coups then I can too.  It only matters how you feel and . . .”
 “And what?”
“I don’t think you really love him—there I said it.”
“What?”
Her eyes stared firmly at Valeria.  “You don’t love him.”
“Of course I love him,” insisted Valeria, her voice small and shaky.
“I get the impression that you love him but are not in love with him.”
“What’s the difference?”
“What’s the difference?!” her mother repeated incredulously.  “One is a feeling of affection but the other is a feeling of overwhelming destino.”
“Destiny?” asked Valeria, scrunching her face.
“Yes, destiny.”
“But, Mom, you’re the one who always told me while I was growing up to keep my feet on the ground.  What’s this thing about destiny?”
“I told you to keep your feet on the ground, but I didn’t mean for you to plant yourself in it,” she declared, her voice chastising.  “Finding the right person for yourself isn’t just any little thing.  You’ve got to find the one who will unlock who you are from the inside.  That’s what I’m talking about when I say destiny.”
“I’m forty-two-years-old and not a teen-ager.  I don’t fall head over heals.  Leonel and I have a good friendship and that’s what’s important.”
“I agree that friendship in a marriage is very important but have you ever heard that love is friendship set on fire, Valeria?”
“Yes.”
“Is your friendship with Leonel set on fire?” Mrs. Loya asked smugly.  “I don't think so.”
“Mom, stop please.  I’ve set a date and that’s all there is to it.”
“Think about what I’m telling you, Valeria,” she demanded.  “Just think about it.  Any chicken can run to a paved street thinking it has found freedom.  But a careless car will soon change its mind.”

The last bell rang, filling the hallways with noisy teen-agers thrilled to be on their way home.  Convincing himself that it was reasonable to want to talk to Valeria, Lorenzo headed in her direction.  A week had already passed since visiting Ema, and he wanted to know how she was doing in Valeria’s class.  
“She’s doing great,” Valeria informed him, a pretty smile on her lips.
“Would you like to have a Coke, and we can talk about it some more?” Lorenzo asked nervously.
“I think that’s a good idea.”
At Antojitos, they ordered the exact same appetizers as the previous occasion.  Main entrées were still prohibitive but snacks and sodas seemed less threatening.  The red-hot chicken wings were even spicier than he had remembered.  
 “Ema’s like a new human being,” informed Valeria, her focus laying solidly on the checkered tablecloth with only a sidelong glance at Lorenzo.
“I’ve noticed it too,” he answered, warmth emanating from the smile on his lips.
“I’m so proud of her,” gushed Valeria, meeting Lorenzo’s eyes straight on.
Lorenzo noted the flicker in her eyes, as if there was so much spark inside of her, it was barely contained.  “Visiting her last week was a great idea.”
“It was,” she agreed.
Lorenzo nodded contentedly.  Then the sparkle of her engagement ring caught his eye, and his smile straightened into a harsh line.  Clearing his throat, he tried to sound as casual as possible.  “How’s your engagement going?”
“My wedding engagement?” she asked, surprised.
“Yes,” he said simply.
“Great,” she replied nervously.  “We’ve set the date.”
“You have?” he asked, not being able to help the unevenness in his tone or the abrupt quality.
“Yes. . . What about you, Lorenzo?” she asked with hesitation.  “Do you have anyone special?”
It took him a few seconds to answer and when he did, he couldn’t look at her.  “Yes . . . I live with someone.”
“Oh,” was all she could manage to say.
He nodded.  “Yes,” he muttered.
“I guess we’re both lucky to have special people in our lives.”
“I guess so,” he said softly.  
“I’m glad we’re friends,” Valeria said abruptly.  “We make a good team when it comes to our students.”
“Yes,” he affirmed.  “You’re right.”
“I’m glad we made a connection.”
“Me too.  In fact, let me give you my cell number in case anything comes up with a student.”
“That’s a great idea,” she said, looking in her purse.  “And I’ll give you mine if I can find a pen.”
He immediately pulled one out.  “Here you go.”
As she extended her hand to grab it, his fingers awkwardly bumped into hers.  She abruptly pulled her hand away, leaving him with the sensation of soft flower petals on his skin.  Heated vibrations agitated his fingers.  It reminded him of the first time he had shaken her hand.  Same touch, same feel, same woman.  But different everything else.  Including a different him because he wasn't the same from before he had met her.  Not the same at all.


Chapter 18

The next day, Valeria was still thinking about her moment with Lorenzo in Antojitos when the complete unexpected happened.  There was nothing left to do but stare in flabbergasted disbelief.  Valeria was downright shocked when Leonel had merrily stepped in her classroom.  She couldn't have been more surprised if a cow had walked in the door.  He had never visited her at school—NEVER.  He wore his grin proudly and carried a large bouquet of bright flowers.  Valeria hadn’t realized that he had paid attention when she had told him about the exact time of her free period.  
“To the most beautiful woman in the world,” he said, handing her the red roses.  When she took them, his expectant lips reached for hers.
“No,” she blurted as she quickly stepped away from him.
“No?” he asked, confused and hurt.
“Please don’t try to kiss me.”  She kept her voice even instead of snapping at him.  The invasion of space was clawing at her like a cat clawed a piece of furniture.
“Why?”
“Leo, I’m at my work.”
“You’re here by yourself,” he stated matter-of-factly.
“There’s a window on my door.”
“Who’d be watching?”
“A student could be passing by,” she said, shifting her eyes to the glass absent-mindedly.  Lorenzo wasn't at the front part of his classroom.
“Val, aren’t you being a little prude?  Those kids probably watch all kinds of junk on TV.  A kiss from me to you won’t pervert them.”
“Leonel, I’d just rather keep my private life and work life separate, if that’s okay.”
Leonel looked like a dejected child.   “I come all this way to give you flowers for no particular occasion—just to tell you I love you and this is the thanks I get.”
Valeria sighed.  “I’m sorry, Leo.”  
As Leonel was leaving, Valeria quietly walked him out the door to an empty hallway.  He abruptly stopped when he glanced across the hall and through Lorenzo's glass slat.  
“Who is that?” blurted Leonel, his voice in a guttural growl as he indicated Lorenzo who was now in front of his classroom.  “Do you know him?”
As if on cue, Lorenzo shifted his eyes to his window.  Obviously startled, he kept his steady sight on Leonel.  Both men glared at each other, their stares poisonous.  Valeria immediately stepped in the middle of their line of vision, breaking the antagonistic spell.
“Are you going back to work?” she asked, trying to change the subject.
He wouldn't allow it.  “Who is he?” Leonel repeated.
“Obviously a teacher,” Valeria stated wryly.
“He gives me bad vibes.”
“Bad vibes?”
“Something about him.  You should stay away from him.”
“I come to teach—not to socialize.”
“Okay—good.”
“Do you have a lot of work today?” asked Valeria, attempting to change the subject for the second time.
“Yes,” he threw out with a tight voice as he shifted his unhappy face from the window.  “But I’ll make time for you tonight.”
“Leonel, if you’re busy—“
“Val, I really want to spend some time with you this evening,” he insisted.
“Leonel—“
“I’ll be at your house after work.”
“But—“
“I can’t be neglecting you,” he stated, smiling.  “You’re too important to me.”
“You don’t neglect me.”
His finger flicked her cheek.  “I can’t risk another man stealing you from me.”
“Stop your jealousy.”
“I can't help it.”
"Stop."
"I'll try."
After he left, Valeria rushed into her classroom—a tight, painful knot in her stomach.  Even when she was used to his small bouts of jealousy, this time she was completely unnerved.  She hadn’t been prepared for Leonel and Lorenzo to be so aware of one another.
Not prepared at all.
They were supposed to belong on opposite sides of her life.  Each in a corner, away from one another.  But fate had dealt her a new hand of cards.  How would she play them out?


Chapter 19

Quickly gathering his belongings as soon as the last bell rang, Lorenzo almost made it to the door when it swung open.
“Hi,” Valeria greeted nervously.
“Hi,” he returned with a tight voice.
“I found this in my purse,” she said, pulling out a pen with the Aztec calendar on it.  She hadn’t noticed it when he had handed it to her at Antojitos but when she had accidentally come across it in her purse, she realized its uniqueness.  “I forgot to give it back to you the other day.”
He took it carefully, making sure he wouldn’t touch her.  “Thanks for returning it.”
“I figured it was a special pen.”
“It is,” he mumbled.  “It’s my favorite pen.”
Her almost-black eyes flickered at him.  “Lorenzo,” she said nervously, “are you okay?”
“What do you mean?”
“You’re acting strangely,” Valeria asserted.
“I don’t know what you mean.”
“You’re fine then?”  
“Yes.”
“Okay,” she said, her eyebrows furrowing.
“Was that you’re fiancée earlier—the guy with the flowers?” he asked, trying to sound casual.  
“Yes, that was him.  I’m surprised you saw him with the flowers.”
“It’s hard to miss a guy with an armful of roses.”
“Leonel wanted to surprise me.”
“Roses are your favorite?”
She shifted her eyes to the ground.  “I like roses.”
“But are they you’re favorite?”
“Well . . .”
“Yes?”
“Wild flowers are actually my favorite.”
“Oh,” he said, nodding solemnly.  He had never been able to give Kate flowers.  Every time he'd try buying or ordering them, an overwhelming feeling stopped him.
“I love all flowers,” she blurted.  “It was considerate of Leonel to bring me some.”
“Is it a good idea for him to be visiting you during work hours?” he asked lightly.
“He never does it,” Valeria assured.  “Today was an exception.”
“But if you don’t put a stop to it now, he may be coming to check up on you all the time.”
“He wasn’t here to check up on me,” Valeria blurted, her voice with steely undertones.
“C’mon, Valeria.”
“What do you mean c’mon?” she asked, her eyebrows snapped together.
“It’s pretty obvious that your fiancé was checking up on you.”
“No, he wasn’t.”
“He shows up on a workday out of nowhere and you say he’s never done that before.  He’s up to something.”
“You don’t know my fiancé well enough to say that,” Valeria stated, irritated.  “In fact, you don’t know him at all, do you?”
“I don’t need to meet him to know what he’s about.”  The strange part was that for some kind of reason Valeria's fiancé seemed very familiar to him.  Had Lorenzo already met him?
“Really?” she said flippantly.  “So now you’re not only a history teacher but you’re also a psychiatrist or maybe even a psychic since you claim you can read my fiancé’s mind?”
“The truth really bugs you, doesn’t it?”
“Truth?  What truth?” Valeria questioned.
“That the man you’re going to marry is very jealous of any man that comes near you.”
“He's just a little insecure but not so much that he checks up on me. ”
“I knew it.  He's a control freak.”
Valeria shook her head vehemently.  “That’s ridiculous.”
“No, it's not.”
“I don’t appreciate you making assumptions about my fiancé.  I'm ending this ridiculous conversation,” she snapped, heading to the door.  “Bye.”
“Bye,” he called after her.
Lorenzo stared at her straight backed dismissive and angry form as she stepped out.  She was till breathtakingly beautiful, maybe even more so with the eclectic vibrancy in her air at the moment.  He shook his head.


Chapter 20

Outside the old buildings, Kate waited patiently as she switched channels on her car radio until finding the classical music station she liked.  This was one of those rare occasions when she didn’t go straight home from work.  After the drunken bout of a few weeks ago, she stayed away from Leonardo’s Bar and Grill and alcohol in general.  She had apologized profusely to her receptionist, having been ashamed over her behavior that night.  Things were back to normal—where they should’ve been all along.
“Hi, Katie,” Lorenzo greeted, his face looking strained as he stepped into her brand new silver Lexus.  A new CD player was being installed in his own car, and she was picking him up at school.
“Hi, sweetheart,” she returned, her eyes narrowing at the odd undertones underneath his even composure.  She knew him too well.  “How was your day?”
“Fine,” he stated curtly.
“Is everything okay?” asked Kate, becoming more concerned.
“Yes,” he blurted.
“Lorenzo,” she sighed, “what’s wrong?  Please tell me.”
“Katie, it’s really nothing.  It’s just work stuff, and school is over for today.  Let’s just talk about something else, okay?”
“Okay,” she stated.
“How was your day?” he asked as she was about to turn the key.
“Good,” Kate said.  “I—” Unable to finish her sentence, one of the biggest surprises she had ever received pummeled her like a punch from a bag filled with heavy rocks.
“What’s wrong?” he asked her.  This time it was his turn to be concerned.
 “Uh , , ,uh. . .” 
“Katie, what’s wrong?” he questioned, more firmly than before.  But again, all he got out of her were jagged mutterings.  When he turned his face to what she was looking at, he also received a surprise.  Valeria was climbing into her car.  
 “Valeria teaches here?” asked Kate, her voice barely audible.
“You know Val—“
“Does she teach here?” Kate repeated with a much stronger tone.
“Yes, she—“
“I thought she taught at Marshall,” Kate stated, panic bubbling in her voice.
“She transferred over here this semester,” he informed, mumbling.  Just at that precise moment, he realized with a tremendous jolt where he knew Valeria's fiancé from.  Small world.  Very small world.  "Her fiancé is that guy from the movie theater!  Is that how you know her?—through your patient?”
 “Do you speak to her?” Kate asked abruptly, ignoring his question.
“Why do you ask?”
“Do. You. Speak. To. Her?”
Her tone puzzled him.  “Yes, I’ve spoken to her,” he said, his voice still sharp as he thought about earlier. 
“And?”
“And what?” he returned.
“What do you talk about?”
“Why are you asking me all this?”
“I’ve got my reasons,” Kate stated, her voice strange.
 “What reasons?”
“What do you talk about?” she demanded.
“School stuff and. . . about her fiancé.”
“She’s really in love with him, right?”
“I guess.  I don’t know her that well.  Of the little I know about her, she tends to be a real volcano,” he grumbled.
Kate relaxed a bit.  “You don’t get along with her?”
“No,” he stated.  
“Good.”
“Would you mind telling me what this conversation is about?” he asked impatiently.  “If Leonel was your patient, why does Valeria seem to make you nervous?”
“He wasn’t my patient,” Kate blurted.
His eyebrows shot up.  “No?”
 “She was,” Kate stated quietly.  “Enzo, would you drive?  I’m not feeling too well.”
As they switched seats, he didn’t ask her any more questions.  Kate breathed out a deep sigh of relief, grateful that he knew when to give her space.  She abruptly gave him a swift kiss on the lips, marking her territory.  On the way home, they were both quiet.  
For the rest of the evening, neither mentioned the strange happening earlier.  Kate acted as if it was a normal evening and so did Lorenzo but when they were in bed and about to turn off the light, Kate put her hand on Lorenzo’s arm.
“Please stay away from Valeria,” she pleaded.
“Why?”
“Don’t ask me why.  Just do it, please.”


Chapter 21

Walking swiftly and aggressively, Valeria  reached her car.  The scene earlier with Lorenzo about her fiancé still sharp in her mind.  After yanking the door open, she plopped into the front seat and automatically reached for her seat belt.  Then she noticed Lorenzo stepping out of a car she’d never seen before and exchange seats with the driver—a woman.  
As Valeria focused her sight to get a better look at the woman, she let out an exploding gasp from deep inside her throat.  Were her eyes playing a trick on her?  It was Dr. O’Leary in the seat next to Lorenzo!  Valeria rubbed her eyes and refocused her eyesight.  Yes, it was Dr. O’Leary.  And she had given him a kiss.  Could the world be this tiny?  What were the odds of a new co-worker being the companion of her former therapist?  What a coincidence.
Was the fact that he lived with a psychiatrist why he had made those ugly assumptions about her fiancé?  Was he so arrogant that he thought his relationship to a therapist gave him the right to say anything he wanted?  
Did it?

As the bright morning light hit the windows, Kate went about her routine unnaturally quiet.  Lorenzo eyed her with furrowed eyebrows.  He waited for her to start chatting since morning was her favorite time of the day, but she sat in front of him with a mug of coffee and took tiny sips, lost in thought.  
“What’s wrong?” he finally asked.
“Nothing,” she muttered.
“What is it?” he insisted.
“Nothing.”
“It’s Lindsey, isn’t it?”
“What?”
 “I know that Lindsey’s death is still very difficult for you,” he stated.
“Lorenzo,” she said solemnly, “Do you think Lindsey is out there somewhere?”
“Are you talking about reincarnation again?”
“Yes.”
“No, I don’t think there’s such a thing,” he said lightly.
Kate sighed deeply while staring at him with an exhausted look.


Chapter 22

Valeria stayed in her classroom, and Lorenzo stayed in his.  She brought her own lunch, eating in the teacher’s lounge while he returned to eating in the cafeteria when he realized she wasn’t having her meals there.  Occasionally they would bump into each other and would have no choice but to say a quick hello or nod at one another.
Each belied the fact that they couldn’t cover the glass slats on their doors.  Having windows to someone else's life created too many problems.


Chapter 23

Valeria could only think of a few things she liked doing least—getting a root canal was one and forcing herself to go with Leonel to his office parties was another.  Having to go check her mail in her box where the principal’s office was located caused her nearly as much pain as a trip to the dentist.  She avoided it as much as she could and was grateful that technology had brought email because hard copies were rare now.  Yet, she did need to check her box once in a while for that rare paperwork.  
As she walked past the principal’s office, he unfortunately had his door wide open as he spoke strongly to a trembling boy.  Valeria’s heart automatically went to the frightened student having to deal with an egotistical idiot who unfortunately had too much power.    
“Hello, Ms. Loya,” Bleaker chirped, his smile widening as his eyes swept over her.
“Principal Bleaker,” she said as she nodded her head and rushed to the mail boxes, turning her back to him to snatch her paperwork.
As she turned around and readied herself to sprint to the door, she heard Bleaker’s sardonic voice.  
“You’re a joke, young man.  A joke!  You’ll never amount to anything.  You’ll be lucky to get a job as a ditch digger.  I don’t know why we’re forced to give kids like you an education—it’s a waste of tax dollars!  A complete waste!”
Valeria froze where she was at—unable to move.  Had she heard correctly?  Was the Principal completely humiliating a student and with the door open nonetheless?
“Do you understand what I’m telling you?”
The young man’s eyes had turned from shock to anger.  “Yes,” he retorted.
Bleaker glanced at Valeria with a twinkle in his eye and then his haughty sight returned to the student.  “Why do you even bother to come to school?”
“Why are you the principal?” The student spoke up.
“Listen, boy—“
“My name is Gerardo,” he stated, venom in his voice.
“I don’t care what your name i—“
“Then I don’t care that you’re the principal.”
Bleaker, feeling acutely embarrassed at how the student was talking to him, scurried to the door and shut it.  Valeria shook her head, acid from disgust pulling in her throat.  Even cockroaches have more manners than him.  She hastily stopped at the administrative assistant’s desk before leaving.  
“Does he always speak to students like that?” Valeria asked, trying to control the sharpness in her voice. 
“What do you expect?” Arlene asked defensively.
“What do you mean?”
“Did you hear how that boy was talking to him?”
“Did you hear how he was talking to that young man?”
“We’ve got a lot of lowlifes here.  He has to talk to them that way.”
Valeria combusted into long, red flames.  “No, he doesn't.”
“What?” asked Arlene, astonished.
“There’s a difference between talking with authority and humiliating someone,” Valeria blurted.  
“You don’t understand.  You—“
“And another thing, him humiliating that boy with the door open was beyond unprofessional.”
“I guess you’ve been fortunate enough not to have any lowlifes in your classrooms,” Arlene retorted.  “You’ve just started teaching here, right?”
“Stop using the term lowlife,” Valeria demanded, snapping.  “You’ve got no business in this school if that’s what these students are to you.  And another thing, I’ve had many types of students in my classes.  Yes, some are more challenging than others, but I would never humiliate them to satisfy my ego.”
“Well, I guess you’re a special teacher,” she said, snickering.
“I just know how to treat people,” Valeria stated as she eyed her with a steely glare.  Arlene averted her eyes.
"How nice for you," retorted Arlene.
Valeria sighed with frustration.  "It's about being a decent human being."
Deciding that she needed to leave or suffocate like an animal held under water, Valeria strode to the door.  As she swiftly pulled it open, Lorenzo stepped in.  She rushed past him, not wanting to be rude but in too much of a hurry to get out of there to offer him even a small hello.  
Great!  Valeria thought.  First, she had to put up with the principal and then his administrative assistant and last but not least, she ran into Lorenzo as her insides wanted to go off with the blast of an atomic bomb.  
Great!

When arriving at the main office, Lorenzo never imagined that the door would abruptly open and Valeria would fly past him.  Her rudeness made him angrily shake his head.  She hadn’t acknowledged him in any way but whatever he was feeling was replaced with concern because she looked very upset.  Having almost forgotten that he had forced himself to go there to pick up any paperwork from his box and be as swift as possible, he went straight to Arlene.  She immediately changed the harsh grimace she wore into a smiling welcome sign.  
“Hi, Lorenzo,” she gushed, grateful that she had applied her lipstick a short while ago.
“Hello, Arlene.”
“This is a surprise.  You don’t get over here as much as you should.”
Lorenzo cleared his throat.  “I’m just here to check my box.”
“Can I help you with something?” she asked, her eyes twinkling with friendliness only reserved for a select few.
“I . . . uh . . . I was just wondering why Valeria ran out of here in such a rush.”
Arlene's grin turned into a deep frown.  “She almost mowed you down, right?”
“Do you know why she was so upset?”
“She flew off the handle because Mr. Bleaker, doing his job as a principal, had to discipline a student.  She’s one of those people who think we should treat lowlifes with kit gloves.  I’m not sure she should be teaching.”
“She’s a good teacher,” he stated, annoyed.
“But you should’ve seen the way she spoke to me,” Arlene declared.  “It’s not good to be a teacher with such a short fuse.  She’s kind of crazy if you ask me.”
Lorenzo’s eyes turned into slats.  “Don’t call her crazy,” he demanded.
“I . . . I didn’t mean to—“
“I’ve got to go,” he said, heading out the door without looking back and without checking his box.  
Throughout the day, he caught glimpses of Valeria from the door window.  Even though she looked much more composed than earlier, her face had a hardened stance and her eyes a fiery glint. 
When the last bell rang, he rushed to her room before she had a chance to leave.
“Hi,” he said simply.
She looked at him with curiosity.  “Can I help you with something?” she asked her voice shaky.
“What’s wrong?”
“What?”
“You looked very upset when you rushed out of the main office.”
“It was nothing.”
“Arlene told me you didn’t like how Mr. Bleaker was disciplining a student,” Lorenzo commented quietly.
“Were you gossiping about me?” Valeria asked, her eyes narrowing.
“I was worried so I asked.”
“There’s nothing to worry about,” she asserted.
“Talk to me, Valeria.”
“I don't know if I should?”
His eyebrows shot up.  “I may be able to help.  Talk to me.”
“It doesn’t do any good to talk about it,” she said in frustration.  “I’ve talked to Billy and you know what he said?”
“I can imagine.”
“He said to leave it alone.”
“Unfortunately, he always plays it safe.”
“You should have seen the way Bleaker was talking to this student.  He was completely humiliating that boy.  I wouldn’t even treat an enemy that way.”
“I was hoping that my suspicions about the principal being a huge ass were wrong.”
“No, you’re not wrong.  He’s an idiot with a capital i!  And Billy wants me to let it ride!  Can you believe that?”
“Billy hates getting involved in anything controversial.”
“He’d rather sit in his corner and ignore whatever injustices are around him.”
“I’m afraid that’s true. “
“I can’t sit down and do nothing!  I’m going to the superintendent’s office.”
Lorenzo sighed.  “I’m not sure that’ll do any good,” he said quietly.
“No?” 
“It looks like Bleaker’s lips are firmly planted on the superintendent’s backside.  But I’ll tell you what, I’ll go with you to see him.”
“You will?” she asked, her voice uplifted.
“Yes, I’ll be there for moral support but also because I can’t stand the guy and I feel this school will never reach its potential with a principal like that.  I care too much about our students to leave them at his mercy.”
Valeria smiled.  “Thank you, Lorenzo.”
“You don’t need to thank me.”
“Yes, I do,” she asserted.
“But—“
“Thank you.”
“I'm sorry about the other day," Lorenzo blurted.  "I shouldn't have said anything about your fiancé.”
“I appreciate you apologizing,” she said, smiling.
"So we can put that argument past us?" he asked hopefully.
"It's already forgotten."


Chapter 24

Valeria had realized a long time ago that life had many unexplainable turns to it.  As soon as Valeria met Superintendent Morales, she felt an odd discomfort as if she had met him before and didn’t care for him.  By some odd coincidence, Leonel's father had been friends with Superintendent Morales but had had a falling out before Leonel had been born.  This man inspired absolutely no confidence in her.  His tall frame, even when thin and unsubstantial, encroached on her anyway and his small eyes didn’t stay put for long, causing her to distrust the words coming from his mouth.  She sensed keenly that Lorenzo felt the exact same way.   
“I know that both of you would agree that being a principal is a very difficult job,” the superintendent said.
Valeria nodded.  “Yes, but—“
“Principal Bleaker has a lot on his plate.  I don’t want to talk about the previous principal, but he left that school in a mess.”
“He did?” asked Lorenzo, his voice with an edge of disbelief.  
“Yes,” Superintendent Morales said uncomfortably.
“I’ve been teaching at that school for quite a few years and it was my impression that Principal Serna did an excellent job before he retired,” stated Lorenzo.  “Wasn’t he the principal there for thirty years?  Wouldn’t the board of education have found a way of getting rid of him if he had been so bad?”
Superintendent Morales cleared his throat nervously.  “I’m not denying he did an adequate job but not a great job.  Principal Bleaker, on the other hand, is doing a great job.”
“By humiliating students?” asked Valeria with a steely undertone.
“Ms. Loya, are you sure you heard correctly?”
“Yes, I’m sure.”
“Sometimes in our overzealous attempts to protect our students we hear what is not really there.”
“Superintendent Morales, I know what I heard and I wasn’t reading between the lines.  I wasn’t imagining anything.  Principal Bleaker was clearly degrading a student— no question about it.”  
“I’m also a witness to Principal Bleaker’s lack of professionalism,” informed Lorenzo.  
“But—“
“I even asked his administrative assistant about it and you know what she said?” Valeria asked, her tone firm.  “She said that he has to treat the ‘lowlifes’ like that.”
“Lowlifes?” asked Superintendent Morales.
“Yes, that’s the term she used.”
“I’m sure she didn’t mean it and—“
“She used the same term when I was there,” stated Lorenzo.  “Arlene refers to our whole student body like that.”
“Are you sure—”
“Yes, we’re sure,” blurted Valeria.
“She doesn’t have any respect for our students,”
“Mr. Montes, be careful with what you say,” demanded Superintendent Morales.
“I’m telling you the way it is,” assured Lorenzo.  “It’s obvious to me that Arlene doesn’t like our school.  I don’t know what she’s doing there.  In fact, I understood that she was hired a little before Principal Serna retired, and he tried to get rid of her, but then he left and the new principal came in.  Principal Bleaker, of course, likes her.” 
“Yes, they have so much in common,” Valeria said dryly.
“I hope you two know the kind of accusations you’re making.  These are two employees’ lives you’re messing with.”
“And they, in turn, are messing with many students,” stated Valeria.
The superintendent sighed deeply.  “If you’re sure about this . . .”
“Yes, we’re sure.”  How many times do we have to repeat the same thing to this man? wondered Valeria.  Why, he's as stubborn as an old mule.
Avoiding her eyes, the superintendent cleared his throat.  “I’ll have to tread very carefully, but I’ll check into this.”
Agreeing to meet at Antojitos after the meeting, Valeria and Lorenzo quietly waited for the waitress to take their usual order.  As soon as she left, Valeria spoke first.
“He’s not going to look into it,” she stated.
“No, in fact I’d be surprised if we’re able to keep our jobs for much longer.  They've got ways of getting rid of troublemakers like us.”
“He didn’t believe us,” grumbled Valeria.
“Maybe he believed us but he doesn’t think there’s anything wrong with the way Bleaker and his administrative assistant treat students.”
Valeria sighed.  “I’m sorry I got you into this.”
Lorenzo’s eyebrows rose.  “Are you sorry we went to the superintendent?  Do you think we should’ve left everything alone?”
“That’s not what I meant,” Valeria asserted.  “I meant to say that I’m sorry I got you involved.  I should’ve just done this myself.  Now there will be two of us in the unemployment line.”
“We’ll keep each other company,” he said, chuckling.
“I didn’t mean to cost you your job.”
“Don’t apologize for me being involved.  I feel as strongly about this as you do.”
Valeria smiled.  “Somehow I expected that from you.”
“Good,” Lorenzo said, smiling back.  “We’re beginning to understand each other.”


Chapter 25

“You have been so preoccupied, Lorenzo,” stated Kate.
“I can say the same of you, Katie,” Lorenzo answered.
Kate sighed.  “I’ve had a lot on my mind.“
 “I’ve been trying to give you some space.”
“You’re the one who needs a lot of space,” Kate said dryly.
“Katie, I—“
“Let’s not argue, okay?”
He nodded.  “Okay.”
“You still concerned over Superintendent Morales?”
Reluctantly, he had told her he had gone to visit the superintendent.  He didn’t want her to wonder why he had come home late, and he didn’t want to lie.  What he had omitted was that he had gone with Valeria.  Why upset her?  And while he was more than a little curious as to why Kate vehemently wanted him away from Valeria, he knew he shouldn’t broach the subject.  As he got to know Valeria more and more, he felt certain there was nothing wrong with her.  She was a considerate, caring, and intelligent woman.  If there was a reason she had had to see a psychiatrist, it must’ve been a good one.  
“Yes, I’m still concerned about the superintendent,” Lorenzo said dryly.
“Maybe . . .”
“Yes?”
“Maybe you’re making too much of what the principal said.  He’s human.  He’s allowed to lose his temper especially with some of the more difficult kids.  Even you’ve lost your temper.”
An angry vein popped on Lorenzo’s forehead.  “Yes, I admit I’ve lost my temper, but I don’t call my students ugly names and make them feel like dirt.”
“But—”
“You just don’t know,” he stated with controlled anger.
“Not that again.”
“You were born rich.  What do you know about being in a situation where you don’t feel good enough?
“I’ve felt insecure many times in my life,” she said lightly as she eyed him.
“You don’t have what looks to be everything working against you.”
“What do you mean?”
“You don't know what it's like to be constantly flooded by messages all around through the media and people that you’re poor—you’re nothing, that you can’t be important, that you can’t be a somebody, and that you can’t be worthy until you have money and the material things that make you worthwhile.”
“But—” 
“But what?” he asked impatiently.  “With you being wealthy, did you have to prove your self worth?”
“Of course I did.”
“No, you didn’t.”
“What do you mean I didn’t?” Kate asked angrily.
“You may have had to prove yourself as an individual but because wealth is worshipped throughout the world, you didn’t have to prove your right to be on this planet.”
“I don’t know what that even means.”
Lorenzo sighed with exasperation.  “It means that you are usually automatically given a certain amount of respect just because.”
“Just because?”
“Just because you’ve got money and money is power.”
“Lorenzo, I’ll have you know that being wealthy isn’t all that it’s cracked up to be.  It’s tough sometimes—it’s not all that easy.  You never know if people like you for you, if people are trying to take advantage of you, or if you’ll ever measure up to your parents and society’s expectations.”
“Let’s compare—try not having enough food to eat, clothes to impress people with, or insurance if you’re sick.  Does that compare to your problems?”
“Well, when you put it that way . . .”
“It’s much tougher being poor, right?”
“Yes, of course it is.  I wasn’t trying to say that it wasn’t. . . Lorenzo, you know I don’t look down on people because of economic circumstances.”
Lorenzo nodded.  “I know.  I wouldn’t be with you if you did.  But that doesn’t mean you know what the poor go through.”
“Look, I’m not going to apologize for being born with money,” she said defensively.
“I’m not asking you to.”
“Then what do you want of me?”
Lorenzo stared at her and sighed.  “Nothing.”
“But—“
“It’s just that sometimes we don’t understand each other very well.  We were born in different circumstances and that can make understanding each other difficult.”
“What do you mean?”
“To be honest with you, I have little understanding of your need to be driving a new car every two years and your very expensive clothes.”
“A lot of people feel like I do,” she said defensively.  “And not just people who are born with money.”
“Yes, I know.”
“You’re making me sound very materialistic, and I’m not.  I have to care about my appearance to make sure that as a doctor people see me as being successful.”
“Successful?”
“Yes, successful,” she said defensively.  “My parents never wanted me to become a therapist.  They said that dealing with people’s problems was not classy.  I should just be happy being a socialite—attend parties and travel the world, but I really wanted to be a psychiatrist.  I had to fight against them.”
He nodded solemnly.  “I’ve always admired you for it—that you followed what was in your heart instead of using your parents’ money and taking the easy way out.”
“Then you should understand why I need to show my parents how successful I’ve become.”
“You need to show it?”
“Yes, I do.”
“Is it that important for you to prove yourself to them?”
 “You just don’t get it since your parents are very supportive of you—of anything you want to do.  And you don’t have to meet any expectations at all.  You just have to be you.”
“Yes,” he agreed, “I just have to be me.”  
“Lucky you,” Kate murmured.
“I know how fortunate I am to have them.”
Kate nodded solemnly.
Lorenzo stood up.  “I’ll be outside working on the backyard for a while.”
“But—“
“Katie, I need some space, okay?”
“But—“
“Please.”
“Okay,” she said dejectedly.
As he stepped out of the door, she stared after him.  Why does he always shut off like that?  We were having a very deep conversation.  Why does he shut me out?


Chapter 26

“Aqui hay gato encerrado,” insisted Lorenzo.
Valeria smiled with his choice of words.  She was at Antojitos after school with Lorenzo and hoping the fluttery feeling of butterflies inside her stomach would cease soon.  “It’s been a long time since I heard that saying.”
“I just feel that there’s something hidden in all this mess with the superintendent and Principal Bleaker.”
“I agree.”
“You do?” he asked, grinning.  
“Yes, something doesn’t jive.  I feel it too.  And it goes beyond Bleaker being a bad principal.  I’ve just found out that Morales's administrative assistant is Arlene's sister.”
“Really?” he asked, deep in thought.
“Those four are involved in something—I’d bet on it.”
He eyed her with a smile.  “Me too.  I’ve been doing a lot of thinking and I think this stink involves money.”  
“Money?”
“The district received a lot of money this year.”
“It did?”
“Yes, but where has it gone?  There have been no new books, no new anything in fact.  Where did the money go?”
“You think that the superintendent, the administrative assistants, and the principal embezzled it?”
“Well, I’m sure they didn’t act alone.  I’m sure there are more people in this mess than meets the eye.”
“You do?”
“It’s a hunch.”
Valeria nodded in contemplation.  “I hate to say this, but I feel it too.  Something’s weird here.  I’ve seen Bleaker with a red sports car and a Hummer—both new and very expensive.”
“And when Bleaker first started, he drove a mid level vehicle.  I heard he just bought a luxurious house in the country club.”
“Could he be so stupid that he’d flaunt his new found money?”
“Yes,” Lorenzo laughed.  “He’d be that stupid not to hide the stolen bucks.”
 “The ego on that man,” Valeria snapped.   
 “He probably thought that no one checks on what happens in economically poor districts.”  
“The jerk!”
“He’s the worse kind of a loser.  But he’s in love with you,” teased Lorenzo.
“Please.”
“The man drops everything he’s doing when you’re near him.”
“Don’t make my stomach turn.  I may have to take a whole bottle of anti-acid pills after this conversation.”
Lorenzo chuckled loudly.  “Seriously,” he said, his sight sat solemnly on her, “I’m so grateful you decided to teach at our school.”
“Why is that?” she asked, avoiding his eyes.
“I felt pretty much alone until you got here.”
“Alone?”
“You seem to see things the way I do,” he said, almost shyly.
“We seem to be on the same wavelength,” she remarked quietly.
“I hope you don’t take this the wrong way but I feel that I can say almost anything to you and you’d understand.”
“I feel the same way about you.  Isn’t that strange?”
“Yes.”
They stared at each other for a few seconds until the silence became too heavy.   
“What do we do about what’s happening at school?” Valeria asked, needing to change the mood between them.  
“Don’t worry, Valeria.  We’ll get him.”
“How?”
“I’ve got something up my sleeve.”
“You do?”
“Yes.”
She smiled deeply.  “You’re my hero.”
He beamed a smile back.  “And you’re mine.”
The next evening, Valeria had what was supposed to be a romantic dinner with Leonel.  It was a very different meal than the one she had with Lorenzo. 
“Isn’t this a beautiful restaurant?” asked Leonel.  He and Valeria were seated in front of the Gigi’s French Cuisine’s many huge windows.  An abundance of Fir trees decorated the outside and had tiny lights that lit up the dark like shiny stars.
“Yes, beautiful,” replied Valeria, hardly involved in the fanciful scene in front of her.  
“I heard about this place in the office,” he said eagerly.  “I couldn’t wait to bring you here.”
Valeria managed a smile.  “Thanks.”
Leonel let out a frustrated sigh.  “Val, what’s up with you?”
“Nothing.”
“Are you still thinking about that idiot principal of yours and how he talked to that student?”
“I’m just a little distracted that’s all.”
“I don’t know why you can’t let your hair down and enjoy this place,” he said, exasperated. 
“I am enjoying it here.”
“But you’re also letting some stupid stuff at work get to you.”
“It’s not stupid stuff,” blurted Valeria.
“I know that it doesn’t seem that way to you,” he said gently, “But it’s affecting us.”
“How is that?”
“We’re about to get married.  It should be the happiest time of your life but instead, you’re letting some small problem at work get to you.”
“It’s not a small problem,” she retorted.  “If you would’ve been there with that clueless superintendent—“
“Enough already, Val,” he murmured.  Of one thing he didn’t want to talk about was of the superintendent—especially with what he had found out a few days ago and had refused to mention to Valeria.
A pause ensued for a few seconds with Leonel staring at her intently while she stared back with frustration. 
“I’ve been doing a lot of thinking,” Leonel finally said, measuring his words.
“Yes?” asked Valeria.
“I really think you should go back to Marshall.”
 “What?”
“Or try another career,” he continued.  “You could make more money doing something else.”
“Teaching is not just a paycheck to me, Leonel,” she snapped.  “You know that.”
“Why would you want to keep teaching if you don’t have to?” he mumbled as if he had asked the most logical question in the world.  
“How can you ask me that?”
“Because you don’t make much money, students are such a problem, and the job just isn’t worth all the energy you put into it.”  
“I can’t believe you’re asking me to quit teaching,” she growled.  “Don’t you know me at all?”
“Of course I do,” he rushed.  “I just don’t like you working in that district.  You were better off when you were at Marshall.”
“I’m not leaving Adelita,” she declared exasperated.  “Is that clear?”
He let out a long breath.  “Okay, but don’t get so upset.  I’m only looking out for you.”
Valeria stared at him long and hard before dropping her eyesight.  Leonel frowned miserably.  If only he could tell her the devastating news that had almost shattered him.  But he wasn’t ready for anyone to know—not even her, especially her with how she felt about the superintendent in her district.  She already knew that his father had known Morales before Leonel was born.  But he couldn't bring himself to tell her the earth shattering truth he had discovered.  After all, what would be a good way of saying, “You know that man you can’t stand?—Superintendent Morales?  Well, guess what?  It turns out that the man is my father.  Surprise!”
Recently the top people at his work had found out about his father’s suicide and were concerned that Leonel might’ve inherited instability in his DNA.  One of the higher ups had told him to get a psychological evaluation.  
In discussing it with his mother, she had blurted, “But Timothy wasn’t your father.”
“What?”
“It’s been such a burden keeping it from you all these years,” she let out, her breathing hard.
“What are you talking about?” he asked, his voice cracking.
“I’m sorry, Leonel, but the man who you thought was your father wasn’t.”
She had gone on to explain the tangled web of a story between who he thought had been his dad, his biological father, and her.  The two men had been best friends, their families intertwined for past generations in friendship, but they both fell in love with the same woman.  She chose the wealthiest one because as she said, “It’s unrealistic to think that a person can live only on love.”  But in one sole night of passion that she always regretted, Leonel was conceived.  Luckily, Timothy never doubted his paternity and married her.  Conrad Morales always knew he was Leonel’s father but never wanted to take responsibility for him, never wanted to meet his son.  
“I’m too young to be a father,” he had told her, deciding that the great love he had for her wasn’t enough to tie him down.  Timothy Vargas never knew that he hadn’t sired Leonel.
This blow to Leonel’s life, turning everything he thought he knew about himself upside down, threatened to squash him like an insect under a heavy shoe.  He refused to tell Valeria anything about it, knowing how she felt about his mother.  It would only make their rift larger, and he desperately needed them to get along.  Then Valeria told him about her visit with Superintendent Morales, and he knew he had done the right thing in not telling her.
Now Valeria was upset with him for suggesting she leave Adelita High School.  Even without his biological father there, Leonel still would’ve wanted her away from that district and teaching in general.  Why couldn’t she see that all he wanted for her was the best?  
“You know how much I love you, don’t you?” he asked her, a small smile on his lips.
She nodded solemnly but didn’t say a word.
“When we get married,” he continued enthusiastically, “we’ll be so happy together.  I promise you I’ll be an attentive husband, I’ll take breakfast to you in bed, I’ll paint your toenails, and I’ll have a kiosk built next to the pond where we can snuggle in private.”
“The pond?”
“Our pond,” he stated.
“We’re moving to a home with a pond?”
“Val,” he said, smiling, “You forget that the house I live in has a pond.”
“The house you live in?” she asked, the color draining from her face.  “You mean the home you share with your mother and sisters?"
“Yes,” he asserted.
“You expect me to move in with them?”
Leonel cleared his throat nervously.  “I know we’ve never discussed it, but I always thought you’d want to live in such a beautiful and classy place.”
“You’re kidding, right?” she blurted, frustrated.
“What?”
“You really thought I’d want to live in that overpriced thing that would swallow our paychecks while we tried to keep up with appearances?  You really think I’d want to live with your mother and sisters?  Really?”
“Where do you suggest we live?” he asked angrily,  “In that dump you call an apartment?”
“It’s not a dump,” she growled.
“It’s not exactly a palace, is it?” 
“Who says I want to live in a palace?” she retorted.
“Val—” 
“Who are you kidding?  Your family would live in a pig sty if some designer deemed it the latest thing.” 
“Val—” 
“My mother warned me and I didn’t listen,” she mumbled almost to herself.
“What?”
“We’re not on the same page, Leonel.”
“What?”
“We can’t get married.”
“What?!”
“We’re too different.  I should’ve seen it sooner, but I was so worried about my problems with commitment that I didn’t see what was right in front of me.  My mother saw it, but I didn’t.”
“What are you talking about?” Leonel asked, his voice shaky.
“I can’t marry you.”
“Are you serious?” he asked, shocked.
“You want something different out of life than I do.”
“You don’t want love, comfort, and someone to care for you?” he choked out.
“Of course I do but I also need understanding.”
“Understanding?”
“If you can’t understand why I don’t want to live in the house you live in now then you don’t understand me.”
“Of course I understand you.” 
“But—” 
“We’ll find somewhere else to live,” he rushed.
"Leonel—"
"I understand you, Valeria.  I do."
“If you can’t understand why I’m a teacher then you can’t understand me,” she murmured.
“If you feel that strongly about teaching then please forget what I said.  Let’s pretend that I never asked you to quit your job.”
“Teaching is just not a job for me.  It’s a lifelong commitment to do something to make this world a better place.”
“Okay, okay, I get it.  You want to keep teaching.  Great—let’s go on with the evening.”
“Leonel, if we get married we’ll never make it to the end.  We may be together for a few years if we’re lucky.”
“You don’t know that,” he stated, his voice getting shaky again.
“Yes, I do know it.”
“But—“
“We really don’t belong together.  Believe me when I tell you that I’m not the woman for you.  You’d be much happier with another type of woman.”
“Please don’t do this.”
“It’s for the best,” she said as she took off her engagement ring and put it on the table before she stood up to leave.  
“Don’t.”
“I’ve got to go.”
Outside, she managed to call for a cab from her cell phone before breaking down to cry.  
It’s for the best, she told herself. 


Chapter 27

After Lorenzo had finished a serious conversation over the phone, he hung up.  This has to work, he told himself.  Finding a resolution to the problem at school was at the top of his list.  His old college buddy, a journalist, seemed very interested in the story.  Silently, he stared out the window for a few minutes.  Kate eyed him forlornly as if she wanted to tell him something.
“I know you don’t want to hear this, but I think you’re making a mistake,” she finally said.
“I’ve got to do this.”
“I realize now how strongly you feel about what’s going on at school, I really do, but I think you shouldn’t act so fast.  Wait for a while to see how the pieces fall into place.”
“I can’t do that,” he snapped.
“You may be getting into some very hot water, and you don’t know what’s really going on.  You’ll end up getting burned, and I don’t want that for you.”
“I have to stand up for what I believe in.”
“I’m just saying that it may backfire.”
“You think I don’t know that, Kate?  I know I may be destroying my career but I can’t sit in my corner and do nothing.  Apathy is the best friend of evil.  Greed and arrogance have to be confronted!  They have to be uncovered, or they snowball until they destroy everything,” he exploded.  “Why can’t you understand?”
“I’m getting tired of you telling me how I don’t understand you,” she said, hurt.
“Okay, I won’t tell you,” he said, standing up.
“Where are you going?”
“Outside, I need—“
“Some space.  Yes, I know,” she snapped.  

When Belisaria had suggested that Kate and her have dinner at Leonardo’s Bar and Grill because she had an important matter to discuss, Kate readily agreed.  It was nice to get out of the tension in her house.  This time, though, she ordered a soft drink and no alcohol at all.
“Isn’t Gary joining us?” asked Kate as soon as they had ordered their steaks.
“No, he’s busy preparing for court.  Besides, I wanted to talk to you alone.”
“What about?”
Belisaria let out a long breath.  “I’ve decided to go back to school to get a teaching certificate.”
“You have?”
“My parents told me I could move home while I went back to school.  They really want me to do this.”
“So you’re quitting on me?”  Kate asked gently.
“Not right away but soon.  I hope this isn’t too much of a shock.”
Kate gave her a reassuring smile.  “Actually no.  I always suspected that your heart was in teaching.  Your eyes light up when you talk about your GED classes.”
“I want you to know how much I’ve loved working for you.  You’re a great employer.”
“You’ve been the best receptionist.  I’m going to hate replacing you.”
“I’m going to hate leaving, but teaching is in my blood.”
“That’s what Enzo says about teaching,” Kate said forlornly.  “That it’s deep inside of you.”
“He’s right.”
Kate sighed.  “If only he'd love me as much as he loves that classroom.”
“Maybe he doesn’t deserve the way you feel about him,” Belisaria blurted.
“What?”
“Maybe this isn’t my place to say but you know how frank I am—Lorenzo may not be the man for you.”
“But we’ve been together for five years.”
“I don’t care if you’ve been together for fifty.  When you’re not for each other you’re just not.”
“You don’t think we’re for each other?”
“No.”
“Why do you say that?” Kate asked with growing curiosity.  She would’ve been defensive except that she had a high opinion of Belisaria and of her blunt observations.  There were times that her receptionist caught things in patients that Kate didn’t get.
“He lives on a different planet than you do.”
“What?”
"Very different."
"We compliment one another," Kate insisted with a shaky voice.
Belisaria shook her head.  “You can keep trying to knock a square peg into a round hole, but what do you accomplish?  All you do is ruin the peg or the hole or both.”


Chapter 28

Valeria sat quietly in the cafeteria like a lone bird on a telephone line.  Barely noticing what she was eating and deep in thought, the other teachers around her stopped trying to speak to her.  In fact, the two sitting at her table finished their meals and left.  She barely noticed when they had stepped away.  
“Hi,” Lorenzo said, sitting next to her with a tray on hand.
“Hi,” she answered back.
“I’ve got a big surprise for you,” he said excitedly.
“You do?”
He looked around making certain no one was listening and his voice went down a few decibels.  “About that business of ours . . .”
“Yes?”
“Let me just say that the stuff is about to hit the fan,” he said cheerfully.
“It is?”
“Valeria,” he said with concern.  “Is anything wrong?”
“No, why?”
“You’re not happy about the stuff hitting the fan?”
Valeria managed a weak smile.  “No, I’m thrilled.  I really am. . . I’ve just got some personal problems.”
“Can I help?”
“Hey, you two,” interrupted Billy Woods as he plopped down next to them with his tray.
“Hi,” Lorenzo said dryly.
“Hello,” uttered Valeria.
“What were you two whispering about?” he asked suspiciously.
“Nothing,” Lorenzo stated firmly.
“Nothing?”
“Yes, nothing,” Valeria reiterated.
Billy looked at them with irritation but didn’t push it.  “How’s everything going?” 
“Fine,” Valeria said.
“Yes, fine,” Lorenzo repeated.
“So Valeria, where’s your ring?” Billy asked, trying to sound casual.
Valeria almost choked on her food.  “My ring?” 
“Yes, you’re engagement ring.”
Valeria felt Lorenzo’s surprised eyes land on her hand and then on her face.  
“I’m not engaged anymore.”
“You’re not?” Billy said with excitement while Lorenzo stared at Valeria with surprise.
“I’d rather not talk about it.”
“Okay, whatever you say . . . Valeria, I’m going sailing on my boat this weekend.  You want to go with me?”
Lorenzo gave him a furious glare mixed with disbelief.  
“I’m sorry, Billy, but I won’t be able to go.  In fact, it’s too soon for me to be dating.”
“I just thought you might need a distraction,” stated Billy.  “Of course, we’d be going just as friends.”
Lorenzo threw him another angry glance.
“Thanks for the offer but I need some time alone.”  Was this guy for real? wondered Valeria.  This stud is just too much.
“Okay, but if you change your mind, just say the word.”

During Lorenzo’s free time, he tried to keep his mind on grading the paperwork in front of him but his thoughts wandered.  What did it mean when someone broke an engagement?  Was it over a lack of love or other problems?
The door swung open and Billy barged in with his nose flaring and hard eyes.
“What’s going on between you and Valeria?” he asked, his mouth in a grave line.
“What?” snapped Lorenzo.
“What’s going on between you two?”
“We’re friends,” Lorenzo snapped again.
“You are?” Billy asked as if he didn’t believe it.
“Yes!”
“Did she break her engagement because of you?”
“Of course not.”
“Are you breaking up with Kate?” Billy asked forcefully.
“I don’t appreciate you asking me these stupid questions.”
“Sorry,” Billy said, letting out a breath.  “I guess I’m imagining things.”
“Yes, you are.”
“But—”
“There’s nothing between Valeria and me but friendship.”
“That’s a relief.”
“You know, you’re acting like a jealous lover,” blurted Lorenzo. 
“I wish I was her lover.  I'm so into her.”
“But you’re not her lover,” Lorenzo said dryly.
“I know.”
“For the record, asking her out when her engagement just fell apart is a new low, even for you,” Lorenzo said sternly.
“I couldn’t help it,” Billy mumbled defensively.
“Maybe you should give her some space.”
“She must’ve loved the guy a great deal.”
“Why do you say that?”
“Didn’t you see how broken up she was about it?” Billy asked.
“Yes, she was pretty broken up.”
“Shattered is more like it.”
“You think she was shattered?” Lorenzo asked, barely being able to hide his discontent.
“Yes, it was obvious.  The poor woman is really suffering.”
During the next few days at the kitchen table, Lorenzo opened up The El Paso News one crisp morning.  Everything was finally coming to a head.  His friend, Humberto, had done a very thorough job investigating his allegations.  When Lorenzo had talked to Humberto, one of the best investigative journalists in El Paso, he never imagined that everything would happen so fast like a sharp ax coming down.   
Even though Lorenzo had been certain that his suspicions were correct, he never imagined this level of corruption.  A whole slew of people were involved that included not only the superintendent, the principal, and the two administrative assistants.  Several school board members and accountants had dipped their overstretched hands in the cookie jar and what a cookie jar it was.  Millions of dollars had been embezzled.  
“What are you looking at?” asked Kate, stepping in from the bedroom where she had just finished showering.  She made her voice light and forced a small smile on her lips.  “You seem so engrossed.”
“It’s nothing,” he said, abruptly standing up.
“We’re not having breakfast?”
“I’ve got to go.  I’ll see you later,” he said, walking away and not giving her a customary peck on the mouth.  
Kate stared after him sadly and as soon as he shut the door, she picked up the paper.  So his hunches had been right, she said to herself.  Why hadn’t she offered him more support?
In his car, he punched the numbers and waited for the voice on the other end.
“Hello?” Valeria answered.
“Hi, it’s Lorenzo,” he said quietly.  
“What’s going on?”
“I know I’ll see you at school in a few moments but I couldn’t wait to talk to you.  By any chance, did you take a look at The El Paso News this morning?”
“I sure did,” she stated.  “I’m overwhelmed.”
“Our suspicions were right on target.”
“Thank you for getting that journalist involved.”
Her voice sounded so encouraging to him.  “Please don’t thank me for doing the right thing, Valeria.”
“Still, thank you.”
“Thank you.  You’re the one who got the ball rolling.”
 “It was something that had to be done.”
He loved that he could actually hear the bright smile on her lips.  “I’ve been wanting to ask you . . .” he said, his voice turning serious.
“Yes?”
“How have you been feeling? It can't be easy to break an engagement.”
“I’m fine.”
“If you need anything, a shoulder to cry on or anything else, you know where to go,” he offered, his voice like a warm hug on a winter’s day.
“I’m fine. . . I hate to cut you off but I have to be getting to school.  I’m in my driveway,” she murmured.
“Yes, me too.  I’ll see you at school.”


Chapter 29

A nervously smiling Kate told Lorenzo, with slivers of regret and hope in her voice that she wanted to take him out to dinner to celebrate his victory at school.  To her great relief, he readily agreed.  He needed a distraction.  The day at school had been chaotic—especially in the teacher’s lounge.  The word about the embezzlement had spread as easily as an all consuming fire in a warehouse.  Neither Principal Bleaker nor Arlene had bothered to show up for work.  By the end of the day, rumor had it that the old Principal, Mr. Serna, was coming out of retirement to help guide the school until the disorder was sorted out.
Lorenzo had tried to talk to Valeria, but she seemed to be avoiding him.  With the sudden end of her engagement, he didn’t blame her for seeking out privacy.  He just wished he could do more for her.  
At The Revolutionary Taco, he tried to make light conversation with Kate.  
“How was your day?” he asked her.
“I’m sure not as exciting as your day,” she answered, her green eyes shiny like crystal.  “Enzo, I’m so proud of you.” 
“Thanks.”
Kate’s warm smile spread to her whole face as she gazed at Lorenzo.  With the school business finally over, maybe now everything could return to normal and fall back into place.  
“I need to tell you something,” she said, setting her small hand over Lorenzo’s bigger one.
“What is it?”  
“I’m sorry I wasn’t there for you.”
“It’s okay.”
“I want you to know that I’ll try to—"Kate interrupted her own sentence as she stared with surprise towards a place behind and beyond Lorenzo.  Frowning deeply, her features contorted into a severe grimace.
“What’s wrong?” he asked, turning his face and he immediately understood Katie’s reaction because his own was even stronger.  Valeria, along with two people who resembled her, were being guided by a waiter.  She chatted with who had to be her parents and didn’t see him.  
He eyed her, trying not to be too obvious about it but not succeeding.  Her violet dress brought out the sienna in her coloring, and her hair fell in free loose curls.  Her eyes, while still a little sad, had their deep, lively sparkle.  
“She is such a beautiful woman,” mumbled Kate.  “Everyone in the restaurant is staring.”
Lorenzo tore his eyes away and cleared his throat.  “It’s full here tonight, right?”
Kate observed him with a lost look.  “Yes,” she mumbled.
As the waiter served them their food, enchiladas for him and roasted chicken for her, he uncomfortably noted that Valeria was seated in his line of vision.  
“Lorenzo?!”
“Yes?” he asked, his eyes back on Kate.
“I’ve been calling your name for a while.  Where’s your mind?” Kate blurted angrily.
“Sorry,” he said, his brain scrambled and unable to come up with an explanation.  
Kate nodded quietly as she tried to concentrate on chewing the succulent chicken that had tasted so delicious earlier but now had lost all flavor.  He stuck his fork into the flavorful red enchiladas and tried to concentrate on guiding the fork to his mouth.  
“Is the food good?” she asked, desperately wanting his eyes on her.
“Yes,” he automatically answered but he didn’t know if it was actually true.  He might’ve been putting his favorite meal in his mouth, but he hadn’t tasted it.
“I’ve been thinking,” Kate said hesitantly.  “It’s been a long time since we’ve taken a vacation together.  During your fall break we should go on a cruise to the Bahamas.  Remember the last time we went there?  It was so much fun.”
Noticing his loud silence, words overflowed from Kate’s mouth trying to remind him of a special time they had had together.  She described the resort with the savory coconut drinks, the fun ocean waves, and most of all, the romantic evenings when they shared kisses by moonlight.
But he had tuned out.  His mind and attention were very far away from Kate.  As he tried to re-focus back on her, Valeria looked past the waiter and her large lively eyes met with his dark ones.  The surprise on her face made her even more intense than usual.  After a few short moments of melding her sight to his, she nervously tore her eyes away.
“Lorenzo!”
His eyes shot back to Kate.  “Yes?”
“You haven’t been listening to me,” Kate said, her voice cracking.
“You were talking about a vacation in the Bahamas.”
Kate stared at him with a pained expression.  “I’ve got a bad headache.  Do you think we could go now?”
“Yes,” he said, a little too quickly.  The waiter handed them the take home containers and after paying, they rushed out of the restaurant.  The ride home was very quiet as neither of them spoke.  
When they got into bed, he said a quick goodnight.  She stayed up long after.  

“Are you okay, Valeria?” her mother had asked while at The Revolutionary Taco.  She eyed her daughter carefully with knitted brows.
“I’m fine.”
“You don’t look fine,” stated Mrs. Loya.
  “I look terrible?” asked Valeria, her lips forming a small, sly smile, “I guess I shouldn’t have worn this.”
“No, that’s not what I meant and you know it.  What’s wrong? You look like you just saw a pig dancing La Bamba.”
“What?”
“You turned as white as a sheet,” Mr. Loya announced.
“My allergies are kicking in.”
Mrs. Loya rolled her eyes.  “Allergies?”
“Yes, allergies.”
“Are you allergic to that man you were staring at? The one who already left?” asked Mrs. Loya nonchalantly.
“She was staring at a man?” asked Mr. Loya, surprised.
“No, I wasn’t,” stated Valeria, annoyed.
“Yes, you were,” asserted Mrs. Loya.
“I just glanced at him because he’s a teacher at my school,” Valeria mumbled.
“He is?” questioned Mrs. Loya.
“Can we talk about something else?” asked Valeria.
It was clear that their daughter didn’t want to talk about what was bothering her so her parents dropped the subject.  They spent the rest of the evening discussing family matters as Valeria tried to regain her balance.  Concentrating hard on the rambunctious lives of her active parents made it easier to shut off any other thoughts.  
They had been so thrilled that she had broken the engagement with Leonel.  Valeria had admitted to her mother that she had been right about everything.  Leonel wasn’t the right man for her.  Her mother had quickly remarked, “A pig and a dog can walk together, but can they dance?”
Later in bed with nothing but silence staring at her, Valeria could still see Lorenzo with Dr. O’Leary as clear as daylight.  
What is their relationship like? 


Chapter 30

Waking up at 5:00 a.m. and unable to go back to sleep, Lorenzo went outside where he mowed the lawn and then tended to the plants.  Working outside had always been more of a pleasure than a burden.  Physical exertion put him at peace in an often chaotic world.  
Lost in thought and purpose, he didn’t notice when Kate stepped outside and sat on the bench of the picnic table.  He didn’t see her stare at him with an agonized expression or the dark circles under her eyes stressing her sleepless night.
“Good morning,” she finally said.
Startled, he turned to her.  “Good morning,” he greeted, his hands grabbing the gray T-shirt from where he had left it on a tree branch, and he slipped it on his naked torso.   “You’re up early.”
“Why are you already up?”
He shrugged his shoulders.  “I woke up and couldn’t go back to sleep.”
“I had a hard time sleeping too,” she declared, staring at the top of his shoulders where the T-shirt he had just put on hid the birth marks that looked like whip scars.
“You did?”
“Didn’t you feel me toss and turn?” she questioned.
“Are you okay?”
“No, not really.  I feel restless, betrayed, and devastated.”
“What?”
 Kate eyed him carefully before continuing to speak.  “Are you in love with her?”
“What are you talking about?” he asked as he sat across from Kate at the oak picnic table.
“Valeria.”
“Valeria?”
“Yes, are you in love with her?” Kate repeated impatiently.
“Why would you ask me that?” he asked nervously.
“You were staring at her at the restaurant last night, weren’t you?”
“Kate, I promised you I’d be faithful to you, and I have been.”
“At least physically you have been.”
“But—“
“I’m tired of the games,” Kate stated.  “Please be honest with me and tell me how you feel about her.”
“I . . . I—”
“Do you love her?”
“Katie, I . . . I . . .”
“Answer me,” she pleaded, with both anger and frustration in her voice.
“I can’t.”
“Yes you can and you will,” Kate demanded.
“Do you really want to know?” he asked gently.
“Yes.”
“But—“
“Tell me!”
“I’m sorry, Katie but . . .”
“Do. You. Love. Her?”
“I love her,” he declared, feeling like the worst kind of a human being for saying it and yet relieved to be finally admitting it to himself.  “I swear, Kate, that if I could tear this feeling out of me I would.  I don’t even know how it happened.  I really don’t.”
Kate stood up solemnly.  
“Where are you going?” he asked.  “Don’t you want to talk about it?”
“There’s nothing left to say.  While you’re at school, I’ll move out.”
“But—“
“It’s for the best.”
“Katie, I didn’t mean to hurt you.  I hope you know that.”
She looked at him with a flood of tears rolling freely down her face.  “I know, Enzo.  You’re the most honorable man I’ve ever met.”
“No, I’m not,” he declared with self loathing.
“You are but you’ve got a lot to sort out.  That’s why I have to leave—to give you space,” she murmured, standing up.
“Katie—“
“By the way,” she blurted, before leaving.  “I could lose my licensing for this but the reason she went to see me was because she has a problem with commitment.  Remember that.”
"Commitment?"
"Yes."
He decided to drop the matter.  “I’ll move out if you want, Katie.  You can keep the house.”
“It’s your house, Enzo.  You had it long before I came in the picture.  Besides, I don’t want to be constantly reminded of you,” she said bitterly. 

Had it been her vivid imagination or had Lorenzo looked a bit lost that day?—as if in a cornfield with no direction?  Valeria almost went to him but decided at the last minute to stay away.  Between his closed off posturing and what she had found out about Leonel, she didn’t know how much she could do for either of them.  One of Leonel's sisters, of all people, had called her in a panic, telling Valeria that he was hitting the bottle hard after the break-up.
“Can you do something?” pled his sister, crying.  
While driving to her apartment from school, Valeria decided to visit Leonel.  If what his uppity sister was saying was true, he was sinking fast into oblivion.  Valeria went past his work, bothered that his car wasn’t there, and headed to the watering hole his sister told her he was frequenting.  She found him soon after stepping into the run-down bar, in a dark corner table with his hand wrapped around a glass of beer. 
“Hi,” she said, sitting next to him and relieved that he didn’t seem too inebriated yet.
He looked at her with complete surprise.  “Hi,” he managed to return, mumbling.
“What are you doing here instead of at work?”
“You have to ask?” he snickered.
“Leonel—“
“Why are you here?—to finish breaking my heart?”
“Leonel, there are a lot of people worried about you.”
“Is that how you found me?  Someone told you where I hang out?”
“Why are you doing this to yourself?”
He pounded the table angrily.  “You don’t get to comment on my life, okay?”
She nodded and then tried a different approach.  “I didn’t know you liked places like this or beer.”
“There’s a lot you don’t know about me.”
“Like what?”
“My father is that thief—Superintendent Morales,” he announced matter-of-factly.
“What?”  She couldn’t have heard what she thought she did.
“My father isn’t the guy who committed suicide.  No!  My biological father is the guy who stole money from the kids.  How do you like them apples?”
“I’m not following you.”
He let out an exasperated breath.  “My mother, the high class socialite, cheated with her fiancé's best friend and got pregnant with me.  Then she told her intended that I belonged to him.”  He took a huge gulp of beer.
Speechless, Valeria shifted in her seat, trying to figure out what to say but too stunned to dislodge any words.  She was aware that his family knew Morales, but this news was shattering.
“I find this out, and then you dump me,” he announced.  “My life is crap.”
“Leonel—“
“I didn’t want to tell you because I wanted so bad for you to get along with my family . . . You tossed me out anyway.”
“I didn’t toss you out.”
“Val, you dumped me,” he blurted, hurt.
“I did not,” she insisted.  “I stopped a no-future relationship from going forward.”
“No-future?”
“Let’s face it, Leonel, we were never a great couple.”
“What do you mean?”
“I don’t like your lifestyle, and you don’t like mine.  I hate rowdy parties, sour champagne, and endless talk about the so called best things in life.”
He chuckled.  “I hate book discussions, quiet walks, and cheap stuff that has no class to it.”
“See what I mean?”
“But I love you so much I overlooked what bothered me, and you should’ve done the same.”
“You would’ve moved into my apartment?” she asked, one eyebrow up.
“Absolutely.”
“You called it a dump,” she said dryly.
“Sorry, that was a poor choice of words.”
“Yes, it was.”
“I’m sorry.”
“My home is not a dump.  It may not be all ritzy with expensive junk, but it’s my place.”
“I don’t know why I said what I said.”
“Because it was how you really felt.  If we would’ve gotten married, we might’ve been able to pull if off for a while—maybe a few years if we were lucky but then the bandages would’ve fallen from our eyes.  You’d be you and I’d be me, and we’d be on our way to a divorce.”
“How can you be so sure?”
“How can you not?”
“But—“
“Love is only blind at the beginning, Leonel.  That’s what my mom says, and I’ve got to admit she’s right.”
“Blind?”
“She says that the best love is the one without blinders on—the one that is out in the full light, showing all of its flaws.”
After the conversation with Leonel, Valeria reached her apartment drained and exhausted.  She plopped herself on her comfortable, fluffy, powder-blue sofa for a few minutes before realizing she was very hungry.  Closing a chapter in her life had been more of an energy drainer than she thought.  The best thing about it all was that she seemed to have gotten through to Leonel.  Just because she had realized she didn’t love him didn’t mean she didn’t care about him.   
Her growling stomach overpowered her tired strength, and she stood up to make herself a fast and simple meal.  As she was about to place the spicy chicken wings in the oven, she heard a knock.  Wondering who it could be, she went to the door and peeked through the peephole.  She couldn’t believe who was standing on the other side of the door.
“Hi,” said the visitor when Valeria finally opened the door.
“Hi,” she said, still in shock.
“I’d like to talk to you if that’s okay.”
“Sure, come in.”
Valeria led the visitor to her sofa where they sat down.
“Why are you here, Dr. O’Leary?”
“It’s about Lorenzo,” stated Kate.
“Lorenzo?”
“Yes, I don’t know if you already know this but I’ve moved out of his house,” Kate blurted, agony permeated her voice.
“You have?”
“Yes.”
“Why are you telling me this?” Valeria asked with confusion.
“I know how he feels about you,” Kate said bitterly.
“What?”
“He has feelings for you,” she stammered.
“No—“
“Yes, it’s true.”
“No, this is a mistake.”
“How do you feel about him?”
“I don’t know what you think you know but there’s nothing between us,” Valeria insisted.
“How do you feel about him?” Kate repeated with a stronger tone.
“Dr. O’Leary,” Valeria said with irritation.  “I don’t like this line of questioning.  I don’t know why you’re here.”
“Shouldn’t you be married to your fiancé by now?” Kate asked lightly.
“I ended the engagement,” Valeria said quickly.
“Ended it?”
“Yes.”
Kate nodded.  “It’s your pattern, isn’t it?”
“What?”
“Didn’t you tell me the first day I met you that you had problems with commitment?”
“Yes,” Valeria mumbled uncomfortably.
“Lorenzo can’t commit either.  The reason we’re not married is because he has always said that he never wants to be tied down.  He never wants to have children.  I just thought you should know,” Kate stated, her voice desperate.  
“Dr. O’Leary, I want you to know there’s nothing between us.  I didn’t take him away from you.”
“Sure you did,” she declared with desolation.  "Of course you did."


Chapter 31

Kate hadn’t meant to go to Valeria’s home.  She hadn’t meant to check for her former patient's address in her files and show up at Valeria’s doorstep with hurtful words and gushing emotions.  If a patient had told her about doing something like this, Kate would’ve strongly advised against it.  But the therapist had been left way behind.  The psychiatrist was absolutely nowhere in sight.  Inside she felt she had to discharge some of the desperation threatening to eat her up alive.  
The desperation choked her.
And pride twisted her emotions.


Chapter 32

During the week after Kate had left, Lorenzo managed to find a semblance of peace with her leaving and the ending of their relationship.  After five years together, her departure meant many changes for him—arriving home to an empty house, cooking for one and sleeping alone on his king size bed.  Guilt still stabbed him at never having fallen in love with such a great and deserving lady.  Why did fate play such tricks?
At school, he caught himself looking through the glass on his door more than usual.  His students, noticing his distraction, left him alone with his thoughts.  They had other things to gossip about because even though the scandal with the former principal was finally dissipating and the atmosphere normalizing, juicy gossip still ran rampant about Bleaker and Arlene having had an affair.
Lorenzo didn’t care for such stories.  What was important was that Bleaker had left for good.  The atmosphere at Adelita High School felt very different—much lighter and more positive.  He, however, mostly kept to himself while keeping opinions well hidden, except for when he saw what was happening across the hall and angry groans escaped from his mouth.  
Billy had started showing up any moment he could to Valeria’s classroom.  Even from a distance, Lorenzo could tell he was flirting.  The guy was still trying to get it on with Valeria.  Hadn’t Lorenzo suggested that he give her space?  The guy didn’t know how to stay away.  Every day, he’d pop in with his suave personality, his impressive wardrobe, and his particular charm.  Lorenzo had seen very few women resist Billy.  While Valeria wasn’t just any woman, in her current heartbroken state, her vulnerability could cause her to let her guard down.
The frown on his forehead deepened.  

Fully irritated, Valeria found it difficult to be rude and tell Billy he needed to stop trying to put the make on her.  Lately he seemed to be everywhere she was, flattering her, and with all kinds of invitations.  She would politely turn him down every time, but he would just come back.  The man didn’t know when to quit.  He kept mentioning her looks as if whatever she looked like was all there was to her, and he tried to bombard her with stories of expensive trips, luxury cars, and designer clothes.  She frowned, wondering why he would think that those things impressed her.  Finally, she had had enough.
 “Billy,” she muttered after he had tried to finagle an outing with her once again.  “You need to know that I’m just not interested in dating right now.”
“I told you it wouldn’t be a date.  We could go out as friends.  I’m just trying to distract you from your problems.”
“Billy, I’m sorry but I’m not going out with you even as friends.”
“Why not?” he asked, hurt.
“I don’t want to lead you on or give you any false hopes.  We’re wrong for each other.”  Hadn’t she just had a similar conversation with Leonel? she wondered, exasperated.
“Why would you say that  before getting to know me?  Before spending time with me?”
Valeria sighed.  “You need to take no for an answer.”
“Well, I’m not taking the no,” he stated.
“Yes, you are,” she retorted, crossing her arms in front of her.  “This is bordering on harassment.”
“I’m not trying to harass you.  I just want us to be friends.”
“You just want to be my friend?”
“Yes,” he said smugly.  “Don’t get me wrong.  I also think our friendship could turn into something special.”
“Special?” Valeria asked incredulously.
“Yes, special.”
“But I’ve been telling you that I’m not interested in you in that way.”
“You will be as soon as you go out with me.”
“Enough is enough.  I’m tired of these games.  I already said no and I meant it.”
“But—“
“I meant it,” she reiterated with a stronger tone.
“I’m offering you my friendship and all you're doing is slamming it in my face,” he declared angrily.
“A friendship isn’t all you want.”
“If that’s all I can get from you for now then it’s fine.”
Valeria shook her head.  “Let’s put the cards on the table, okay?”
“What?”
“Let’s stop the games.”
“What are you talking about?”
 “You’re trying to sell me on the crap that you just want a friendship with me.”
“It’s not crap.  I—”
“Stop your B.S., okay?  I’m not stupid.”
“Valeria—”
“I know your kind—you’re a Casanova.  You go from one woman to another like a bee to flowers.  Friendship isn’t really in the mix.  I’m just a challenge for you—that’s all.”
“But—"
“Stop wasting your time with me.  I’m not attracted to Casanova types, okay?  I like a different kind of a man.  I’m never going to go out with you.”
“That was cold, Valeria.”
“Billy, you didn’t give me much of a choice,” he blurted, his voice shaky.  “I tried to be tactful.”
“You’re mean, very vicious.  How do you sleep at night?”
“You’re not going to lay a guilt trip on me because I don’t want to go out with you and have been up front about it,” Valeria asserted, looking straight into his eyes.
“I wish I had seen your cruelty coming, but I thought you were a nice person,” he snapped.
“Is that what all the women you leave behind tell you?”
“What?”
“You know who I’m talking about—those women who give their whole hearts to you but then you get bored.  They end up in a flood of tears wondering about your cruelty while you barely remember their names.”
Billy stared at her with round eyes and an open mouth.  He didn’t even try to form any words.
“You’re not a completely bad person,” she continued.  “But you need to re-think you’re love life.  You can’t be doing that to women.  Some of us have already figured out the game.”
“The game?”
“You know what I’m talking about.”
“I don’t.  I—“
“C’mon, Billy.”
“But—“
“You’re a playboy,” Valeria declared.  “Admit it.”
“No, I’m not.”
“You don’t fool me.”
“If you’re not going to listen to me then I’m leaving,” he snapped.
“Okay.”
“Bye, Valeria,” he mumbled as he left her classroom.  
He stayed away after that truth session—to her deep, deep relief.


Chapter 33

After school one day, Lorenzo headed to Antojitos for a nice and comforting dinner.  He hadn’t been out since the break-up.  Finding out that Kate had closed her practice and left town, he worried about her state of mind.  She had taken harsh, drastic measures.  But she also seemed to be getting on with her life.  
In the restaurant, he hesitated at the entrance to decide where to sit.  Then he saw her.   Why hadn’t he paid attention to the parking lot?  Her car must’ve been there.  Her wild mane in dark and curly waves down he back and her flickering presence shining a spotlight on her.  He was about to turn around and walk out when his legs took him in another direction.  
“Hi,” he said, going up to her with all the bravery he could muster.
Her almost-black questioning eyes looked at him with a startled expression.  “Hi.  What are you doing here?”
He gave her a wide smile, taking in her ethereal beauty.  “Same as you—for dinner.  Do you mind if I join you?”
“Go ahead.”
He sat down in front of her even though he knew it would be difficult to pull his eyes away from her.  It was much easier than sitting next to her where his nose would fill with the perfume she always used of simple flowers, and her intense proximity would compel him into a battle of trying to avoid touching her.  
He forced himself not to stare into her vivid eyes.  The waitress appeared, jerking him out of where he was at and he quickly but with difficulty regained his composure.  Because Valeria had already ordered the usual appetizers, he hastily asked for the enchilada plate without even glancing at the menu.   He now felt free to order something other than appetizers.  When the waitress left, he turned back to face Valeria.
“How’s everything going?” he asked, trying to sound light.
“Fine.  How’s everything with you?”
“Okay.”
“Just okay?” she asked intently.
“To be honest with you, I’ve had a lot of upheaval in my life lately.”
“Can I help?” she asked, sincerity pouring from her eyes.
He shook his head.  “No, it’s just something I have to get through on my own.”
Valeria nodded, her wild hair throwing shimmers as it moved.  “I understand.”
“Thank you for your offer though.”
“You’re welcome.”
He took a large gulp of his coke.  “I’m glad that I bumped into you.  I need to tell you something.”
“What is it?”
“I’m sorry,” he said, his eyes sitting on hers.
“What?”
“I’m sorry,” he repeated.
“For what?”
“I haven’t been much of a friend lately.  I’ve hardly spoken to you at all.”
“You’ve said hi and bye,” Valeria said, smiling.
“Gosh, I’ve got terrible manners.”
“I wouldn’t say that.”
“I should’ve stopped to talk to you.”
“Don’t worry about it.”
“I’m sorry I didn’t take better care of our friendship.”
Valeria’s dark, shiny eyes lit up.  “We are friends, aren’t we?”
Lorenzo’s lips formed a bright smile.  “After what we went through with Bleaker, I think we’re officially the best of friends.”
“Yes, that whole experience was something,” she stated, chuckling.
He loved the timbre of her laugh—unrestrained, unselfconscious and fun.  “I hope you accept my apology,” he said, his tone turning serious again.  
Her thoughtful eyes went to his.  “You don’t need to apologize, Lorenzo.  I haven’t been a great friend myself.  I guess we’ve both had a lot happening in our lives lately.
“Yes, a lot,” he sighed.
Valeria patted his hand gently.  “It’s okay to give each other space.  That’s what friends do—be there when you need them but also be out of the picture when it’s necessary.”
Lorenzo gave her a warm, unselfconscious smile unlike any he had ever given anyone, including Kate.  It lingered on his lips until a particular song started playing on the radio, and a deep frown replaced it. 
 “What’s wrong?” Valeria asked.
“That song,” he stated.
“The Ballad Of Forever?”
“Yes.”
“You don’t like it?” she asked with curiosity.
“It’s not that.  It’s a really beautiful song, but it’s so depressing.”
Valeria smiled.  “I know what you mean. I’ve never been able to get into the song either.  It completely throws me off for some reason.”
“To be so in love and then lose each other,” stated Lorenzo.
Valeria nodded.  “What a tragedy.  I knew a lady who told me the song was based on her parents.”
Lorenzo’s eyebrows shot up.  “Really?”
“The poor woman was left an orphan as a baby, but she knew everything about her parents.”
His face went deep into contemplation.  “How sad to lose your parents so young.”
“I can imagine.”
“It must be horrible.”
“The lady never got over it.”
“It just goes to show you that life isn’t fair,” Lorenzo assured.
“No, it isn’t.”


Chapter 34

“How are you?” Valeria asked with concern.
“Fine,” Leonel answered with a smile.
After having called him to see how he was getting along, he had asked her to dinner for a talk.  He had quickly assured her that it wouldn’t be a romantic get-together.  He had so much to tell her.
“Tell me everything,” she prompted at The Revolutionary Taco.
“I’m seeing someone,” Leonel announced as he took a swig of his Coke.  
Valeria smiled with relief.  “That's great.”
“It is, isn't it?”
“Tell me about her.”
“Dorinda is kind, sweet, and beautiful.”
Valeria patted his hand gently from across the table.  “I'm so happy for you.”
“She adores me.”
“You deserve someone like her—someone who is fully into you.”
“I still haven’t gotten over you,” he mentioned wistfully, “but I think I’m on my way.
Valeria nodded.  “Of course you are.”
“I’m not drinking anymore—not even a drop.”
“You don’t know how happy that makes me.”
“I was about to get fired when you had that talk with me.  Thank you, Val..”
“You’re welcome.”

Stopping at The Revolutionary Taco to pick up an enchilada plate he had ordered for dinner, Lorenzo paid the cashier at the front of the restaurant.  She had his take home container ready for him.  He turned to leave when someone caught his eye.  Valeria.  She was at the far end of the restaurant, and she wasn’t alone.  Leonel.  Lorenzo’s face tightened as he hastened out of the eatery, forgetting his meal on a nearby table where he had set it as he composed himself.  

“Are you ignoring me?” asked Valeria.  The last bell of the day had rung, and she rushed into Lorenzo’s classroom before he could get away.  He had been acting like a silent bull all day.
Staring at her intently, he hesitated before speaking.  “We need to talk.”
“What about?”
“I don’t want to talk here.  Let’s go have something to eat.”
“At Antojitos?”
“Let’s go someplace different.”
Following his car in her own as they drove to Nia’s, she wondered about the new restaurant he had suggested.  Never having been there, she didn’t know what to expect, but it seemed nice enough with its spacious flower gardens and white stucco walls.
As soon as she and Lorenzo stepped in through its dark-brown, heavy double doors, she smiled warmly at the place.
“I love Greek,” she declared.
“I know.”
“You do?” asked Valeria, surprised.
“Yes.”
“How do you know that about me?”
“You mentioned it once,” he stated nonchalantly.
“Once?”
“A few months ago.”
“You must have a good memory.”
“No, actually, I remember what’s important to those people who are important to me.”
When a waiter approached them, Lorenzo asked to sit outside—next to the flower gardens.  Fortunately, no other patron had requested the same, and they found themselves alone, with all the privacy they would ever want.  As soon as Valeria ordered her favorite Greek salad with a skewer of succulent beef and he a lamb gyro, she immediately started questioning him.  She liked getting to the point instead of dancing around it. 
“What did you need to talk to me about?”
He eyed her solemnly before answering.  “Are you back with Leonel?”
“What?”
“Are you and Leonel together again?”
“I don’t think it’s any of your business.”
"I need to know," he declared strongly.
"Why?" she challenged.
His eyes sat on hers.  "I just do."
"I repeat—my life is my business."
“But—“
“Let’s drop this conversation,” she stated, annoyed.
He nodded quietly.  “I didn’t mean to upset you.”
“My personal life is my business.”
Eating in mostly stony silence, they spoke only in short spurts about the changes in school since Bleaker had left.  Work was so much better now.  After finishing, they walked to their cars parked side by side.
Lorenzo stood at her door, not letting her open it.  “About earlier—“
“You overstepped your boundaries,” Valeria declared.  “Why would you even ask about Leonel?”
“I saw you and him at The Revolutionary Taco.”
Valeria frowned.  “We were just talking.”
“Just talking?”
“What’s it to you anyway?”
His dark eyes sat on her, gazing into her.  Abruptly grabbing her by the waist, he pulled her to him.  It only took a few sort seconds for his lips to be on hers.  The heated passion emanating from both struck her as strangely familiar and yet unlike anything she had ever experienced.  
She pulled away and nervously fumbled with the keys to her car.
“Valeria—”
“I can’t talk about this right now.”
“But—”
“I can’t.”
“Valeria—”
“Please, Lorenzo.  I really need to leave.”


Chapter 35

After a few days of having her avoid him, Lorenzo decided that enough was enough.  They saw each other at school and she nodded at him but shut off any attempts at conversation.  During the evening, she wouldn’t answer her cell phone.  If that sizzling kiss had meant nothing to her, then he needed to hear it from her so he could at least try to put a halt at what was smoldering inside of him.
Finally, one evening he showed up at her apartment determined to clear up their situation.  When he made certain her vehicle was in the parkway, he reached her apartment and knocked thunderously.
“What are you doing here?” she asked with shock when she swung the door open.
“We need to talk,” he stated,
“How did you know where I lived?”
“Billy.”
“Billy?” she asked incredulously.
“He lives in the next apartment building.  A while back he told me he had seen you here,” Lorenzo explained.  Valeria frowned deeply.
“Listen, I’m not here to bother you," he continued.  "My life has been pretty crazy the past few months.  I just want to talk to you and after tonight, if you don’t ever want to see me again then I promise not to get in your way, okay?”
Valeria solemnly nodded.  “Okay,” she said, stepping away from the door.  “Come in.”
She led him to her sofa where they quietly sat down.  An awkward silence ensued with neither knowing what to say.
“About the other night . . .” Lorenzo finally spoke.
“You don’t have to apologize,” she said, her eyes fixed on the floor.
“I wasn’t going to apologize.”
“You weren’t?” she asked, surprised.
“No.”
“So what did you want to say about it?”
“About the kiss . . .”
“I know, it was the drinks and the romantic setting.”
“That’s not what I was about to say,” he said, annoyed.
“It wasn’t?”
He abruptly jerked forward, practically forcing her to look at him with his intensity.  “Was that all that kiss was to you—a romantic setting and wine?”
“Well . . .”
“Tell me the truth.  I need the truth.  You don’t have to spare my feelings.”
She studied her hands for as few seconds.  “It was more than atmosphere and booze,” she mumbled quietly.
“What was it to you?” he asked, putting his fingertip under her chin and pulling her face up to meet his stare.
“I . . . I . . .”
“I should’ve told you this a while back,” he said lightly.  “But I’m not in a relationship anymore.  She moved out.”
“I know.”
“You do?” he asked, perplexed.
“She came to see me.”
“She what?”
“Did you know she was my therapist?” informed Valeria.
“Yes, I knew.”
“She had my address, so she paid me a visit,” Valeria stated.
“What did she say to you?”
“She was heartbroken over the break-up.”
He turned away.  “She’s the one who left me.”
“What if she comes back?”
His eyes went to hers again.  “It’s over between us.”
“But—“
“It’s over, Valeria, over.”
“But—“
He abruptly put his hand on her cheek, making her face him.  His lips met hers with strong purpose.  Without the gentility of before, he kissed her fervently.  Her intense compliance urged him on.  
Reluctantly, he forced himself to disengage since they were alone in her apartment, and he needed to regain control of his primordial instincts.  He took a few breaths before speaking.
“About Leonel,” he managed to say.
“We’re not together,” Valeria rushed, her lips still throbbing with the pressure of his.
“No?”
“He’s with someone else now.”
“What about Billy?”
“Billy Woods?” she asked with disbelief in her voice.
“He was always around you for a while, right?”
Valeria rolled her eyes.  “I wouldn’t cross the street with that Casanova much less date him.”
“Casanova?”
“That’s what he is, right?”
Lorenzo chuckled.  “Right, that’s what he is.”
“I don’t mean to insult your friend, but I don’t like how he treats women.”
“We’re not actually friends, and I’ve lectured him about his ways many times.”
Valeria grinned.  “Many times?”
“It all went from one ear through the other.  He doesn’t learn but now that he came up against a brick wall maybe he’ll change.”
“A brick wall?”
“You,” he said simply.
“I’m a brick wall?” Valeria stated, feigning insult.
“It takes a certain kind of a person not to be seduced with all that charm.”
“I wish I could take credit, but I didn’t find him charming at all.”
“Not at all?” he asked, chuckling.
“He’s not my type,” she stated.
“What’s your type?” he asked softly.
“A man who drives fast cars and throws money at you doesn’t impress me.”
“What impresses you?”
“Kindness, compassion, intelligence to name a few qualities,” Valeria explained.
“That really impresses you?”
“Not all of us are looking for the bad boy.”
“And Billy for sure is a bad boy,” Lorenzo asserted.
“Annoying is a better word for him.”
“I’m glad I don’t annoy you.”
“How do you know that you don’t annoy me?” she asked, teasing.
He smiled before putting his hand on the small of her back and pushing her towards him.  His mouth lingered on hers before finally pulling himself away.  
 “What’ll we do?” stammered Valeria, breaking the silence that had taken over the atmosphere in the room.  
“I think we need to figure out if we belong together, don’t you think?”
“Yes.”
“Let’s get to know one another.”
“That’s a good idea.”
“I’m going to Acapulco for the fall break.  Do you want to come?”
“What?” she asked, alarmed.  
“No, it’s not what you think.  I’m meeting my parents there.  They have a timeshare.”
“Time share?”
“I thought this would be a good way for us to get to know each other outside of here.  We can leave so much behind.  We’ll stay at a hotel and will each have our own rooms—of course.”
“That’s not a bad idea,” murmured Valeria.


Chapter 36

As the fall break fast approached, Valeria would unsuccessfully try to tell Lorenzo she had changed her mind.  Even a bird had a right to change directions in mid air.  She failed to broach the subject, though, because every time she got close to him or even heard his voice over the phone, she’d lose her resolve.  With prickly irritation, she realized how much she wanted to take this trip with him.
Despite her many apprehensions, she found herself nervous but exited during the flight.  “Will your parents already be in Acapulco when we get there?”
 “Yes,” he said, his dark eyes on her.  “They got there yesterday.”
 “Where did they fly in from?.”
“Albuquerque.”
“You’re from Albuquerque?”
 “No, I’ve lived in El Paso most of my life.”
“When did your parents move to New Mexico?”
“A few years ago.”
“Why did they move?” she asked, his clean aromatic cologne deep in her nose.
“They’re balloon festival fanatics.”
“What did you say?” asked Valeria, surprised.
“I’m kidding,” he said, playfully.
Valeria chuckled.  “Hey, those hot air balloon festivals are pretty awesome.”
“They moved to Albuquerque because my sister and her husband live there.  She had a baby and they wanted to be near their first grandchild.”
“Oh,” Valeria said, remembering what Dr. O’Leary had told her about him not wanting kids and not wanting commitments.  She harshly shoved the troubling conversation with the therapist as far away as she could.
“Where do your parents live?” he asked, his voice curious.
“El Paso.”
“It’s got to be great having them so close.”
“It is,” she smiled warmly.
“I think it’s very important to keep in close contact with your loved ones.”
“I think so too.”
“You never know when something’s going to happen to one of them,” he expressed, his eyebrows knitted together.  “I’ve always had that anxiety—even as a little kid.  I was always scared that something might happen to someone I love.”
“Lots of bad things happen in this world.”
“My parents almost got killed in a traffic accident when I was a kid,” he commented.
“That must’ve been scary for you.”
“I still think about what could’ve happened.  Luckily, they had their seatbelts on.  Since then, I’ve never taken them for granted, and I’ve never been able to shake away the feeling that life is very fragile.”
After checking into the Hotel Playa, Valeria unpacked with an overwhelming sense of adventure.  As she glanced at the white door that joined her room to Lorenzo's, she wondered if he had finished unpacking yet.  A knock resounded, startling her  When she opened the door, he stood smiling sheepishly on the other side.
“How do you like your room?” he asked, his wide smile reaching for her.
“It’s beautiful, very luxurious.”
He nodded.  “I’m glad you like it.”
“Acapulco is a whole different world.”
“You had never been here?” he asked incredulously.
“No, I’ve always wanted to come but have never had the chance.”
“It’s an incredible place.”
“The ocean is spectacular.”
He nodded.  “Listen, I’ve got to go visit with my parents.  I don’t mean to leave you here on your own, but I don’t want you to think you have to meet my parents yet.”
“I’d love to meet your parents,” she blurted.
“You would?”
“Yes,” Valeria asserted.  “Unless you don’t want me to meet them yet.”
“I’d love for you to meet them,” he murmured, his eyes sat on hers.
In the rented vehicle, he gave Valeria a quick tour before heading to his parents' place.  It struck her again, like it had on the drive from the airport to the hotel, how many American businesses thrived in the Mexican tourist city.  Fast food restaurants and stores with signs in English bombarded the streets.  
As Valeria and Lorenzo arrived at a medium sized pretty condo, he gave her a grin.  She returned the smile.  Before knocking on the door, it swung open and his parents, his sister, and a four year old boy stepped out with immediate, warm hugs. 
“We heard you drive up,” gushed Lorenzo’s mother, a tall radiant woman of Lorenzo’s coloring.
“We’ve been waiting for you for hours,” Mr. Montes said, his dark eyes the same color as his son’s.  
“I want you to meet Valeria.  Valeria, this is my mother, my father, my sister Julia and my wonderful nephew—Manolo.”
As Valeria started to shake their hands, they pushed her in their waiting arms and hugged her.  Then they hustled her inside where they sat down at the dinner table.  The colors of the condo were not mute tones but bright pastels in greens, blues, and yellows.
“I’ve made you you’re favorite, mijo,” said Mrs. Montes.
“You made me enchiladas?” asked Lorenzo.  Valeria could hear the love in his voice.
“Yes.”
“Mama, you’re here for a vacation and not to cook for me,” he lightly chastised.
“I’m here to be with my family,” she responded firmly.
“Are you Uncle Lorenzo’s new girlfriend?” asked Manolo, having sat next to Valeria.
“Manolo!” chastised Julia.  
“Kids say the funniest things,” commented Mr. Montes but all eyes were on Valeria who felt a thick blanket of discomfort come over her.
Lorenzo quickly changed the subject telling them about the new businesses he had noticed when he had given Valeria the quick tour of Acapulco.  As they ate the enchiladas dripping in homemade red sauce, he told his family about what Valeria and he had accomplished at school with the Bleaker affair.  The approval in the room for Valeria warmed her like a baby chick being insulated by its feathers on a cold night.  What a difference between this family and Leonel’s dysfunctional one.  
“How’s school, buddy,” asked Lorenzo, setting his dark eyes on his nephew.  Manolo’s own light green eyes looked fondly at his uncle.
“I’m in school now,” the precocious child told Valeria with pride.
“You are?” asked Valeria, amused.
“Are you learning a lot?” Lorenzo asked, trying to sound stern in his playfulness.
“He’s only in pre-kinder but he already knows his colors and numbers,” Mrs. Montes gushed proudly.
“Danny goes over them with him over and over again,” explained Julia.
“Danny is her husband,” Lorenzo informed Valeria.  “He couldn’t make this trip.”
“I know a lot,” asserted Manolo as he recited his numbers to twenty.
Lorenzo stared at him with a grin and pride.  “I think you deserve a present.”
“A present?” Manolo asked, his eyes twinkling.
“Yes,” Lorenzo said, pulling out an envelope from his jacket.
“You spoil him too much,” insisted Julia.
“He’s my only nephew,” he stated, handing Manolo the envelope.  “I’m going to spoil him as much as I can.
“Wow,” Manolo expressed when he opened his gift and found a certificate to Toys-R-Us.
“Buy anything you want except a—“
“A gun,” Manolo finished with disappointment.  “But uncle, it won’t be for real.”
“I know but you know how much I hate those things—even the play ones.  Don’t ever forget how much your uncle loves you,” stated Lorenzo. 
“They have a special relationship,” Mrs. Montes told Valeria who was seated next to her.  “It goes back to the special bond Lorenzo has with his sister.  When they were young and Lorenzo was babysitting her, he noticed she was raging with fever.  He carried her a few blocks to the hospital and saved her life.  She had a brain infection, and the doctor told us she would’ve died if Lorenzo hadn’t done what he did.”
When the evening was over and they were driving back, Valeria stared at Lorenzo from the corner of her eye.  Dr. O'Leary's assertion about him had been puzzling at best.  For someone who didn’t want children, he demonstrated complete devotion to his nephew.
“You’ve got a great family, Lorenzo,” she commented.
“Thank you.  They liked you too.”
“They did?” she asked.  
He momentarily took his sight off the road and glanced at her with content eyes.  “Yes, very much.”
“I liked them too.  Can I ask you something?”
“Sure, go ahead.”
“Why aren’t you staying with them in the condo?”
“I didn’t want to abandon you at the hotel,” he said lightly.  “I invited you here, and I wanted to be a good host.”
Valeria smiled.  “Thank you.”
“You’re welcome,” he said, taking one hand off the wheel and gently touching Valeria’s cheek.  “Thanks for coming with me to visit my family.”
“It’s not necessary for you to thank me,” she responded, trying not to get lost in his touch. 
“I had a great night with your family.  They’re so friendly.  They’d make anyone feel at home.”
Lorenzo put his hand back on the wheel.  “Not everyone.”
“What do you mean?”
“They didn’t like Kate very much.”
“They didn’t?”
“Let me re-phrase that.  They didn’t like Kate for me.  They thought we weren’t right for each other.”
Valeria started chuckling.
Lorenzo glanced at her with curiosity.  “Why are you laughing?”
“My parents thought the same of Leonel.”
“Maybe our parents know more than we do,” he said lightly.  


Chapter 37

 “You’re in love with her,” Lorenzo’s mother blurted when he had arrived at the condo the following day.  Valeria had insisted that he spend private time with his family instead of as she put it, babysitting her.
“We’re just starting out,” Lorenzo answered quickly.
“But you’re already in love, right?”
“Mama—“
“It’s no use arguing with your mother,” insisted Mr. Montes.  “She always knows everything.”
“I wouldn’t say that,” she expressed.  “But I do know my son.”
“Mama, no matter what I’m feeling, the woman I was with for five years left me.  I’m not going to jump into anything without being careful.”
“You never felt for Kate what you feel for Valeria, isn’t that right?” she asked gently.
He let out an exasperated noise.  “Mama—“
“It’s okay, son.  You don’t have to answer me, but you know the truth.”
By the time he arrived back at the hotel, he had already tucked his mother’s words safely away.  He quickly found Valeria at the hotel swimming pool where he had a hunch she’d be.  His radar for her seemed to be intensifying.  As she stepped out of the kidney shaped pool full of joyful tourists, her voluptuous body in a lilac bathing suit that brought out her sienna color, he flagrantly gazed at her.  When she saw him, she waved excitedly at him.
“I’ve been swimming all day,” she gushed as he reached her.
“You must love to swim.”
“You don’t understand,” she explained, her voice emotional.  “I used to be deathly afraid of swimming.”
“You were?”
“I almost drowned as a child, but now I’m cured thanks to—“ She stopped herself.
He understood what she was about to say.  “Thanks to Kate.” He finished the sentence for her.
“Yes, thanks to Dr. O’Leary,” she said quietly.
An awkward silence ensued until he broke it.  “What do you say if we go swimming in the ocean?”
Her eyes lit up.  “I’ve never been in the sea.”
“Never?”
“Are you kidding me?—a swimming pool was scary enough.”
“You don’t know what you’ve been missing.  It’s time for you to experience the magic of the ocean.”
After changing into swimming trunks in his room, he and Valeria hit the beach.  Vendors sold their wares, jewelry and the like, while tourists from all over the world crowded the sandy shores.  Lorenzo held Valeria’s hand tightly as they traveled further and further into the water.  She chuckled loudly with every huge wave threatening to tumble her down.
Sitting happily on a blanket on the sand, they stared far into the horizon where there was no end to the dark blue of the water.  Valeria put her head on his shoulder, the material of his blue T-shirt soft and wet under her cheek.
“Can I ask you something?” she asked.
“Go ahead.”
“Why didn’t you take off your shirt to go in the water?”
The question completely took him aback.
“Sorry,” she expressed after he didn’t say anything.  “It’s none of my business but . . .”
“But what?” he asked, finding his voice again.
“I know lots of men don’t like going shirtless, but I have a strange feeling, just one of those weird vibe things, that you have a big reason why you don’t.”
He stared at her with an astonished expression.  “I do.”
“You don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to.”
Lorenzo took a long breath, his dark eyes fixed on hers, and then started taking off his shirt as if he’d made a snap decision.  Horrified, she eyed the vicious scar on his skin.
“What happened?” she croaked, her voice barely able to keep an even tone.
Explaining the whole incident with Gloria, he took very few breaths.  She listened attentively to the tragic story.  His voice stayed in the same quiet space, not going up or down when explaining even the most crimson details.  When he finished, she wrapped her arms around him tightly.
“A nightmare like that never goes away,” she stated.
“It’s hard to forget that someone tried to kill me.”
“Especially when it left an ugly scar to remind you . . . Incidentally, what are these?” she asked, pointing to the marks on Lorenzo’s shoulders.
“Oh, those,” he said, looking at them.  “They're birthmarks.”
“Birthmarks?”
“Like the one on your leg,” he stated.
“We both have birthmarks that look like whip lashes,” she declared.  “Weird.”
“I guess stranger things have happened.”
When Lorenzo had suggested that they have a quiet dinner in his room, Valeria had readily agreed.  After an emotional day at the beach, her heightened senses needed to be away from the crowds with all their eclectic energy or she would start acting like a frenzied chicken trying to peck all the grain from the ground.  
After stepping into his elegant suite, she abruptly stopped her motion.  Her mouth flew wide open.  A table for two had been set up in front of the window that overlooked the city.  Shimmering lights sparkled from every direction of the picturesque tourist destination.  Soft, burgundy rose petals were strewn all over the gold tablecloth.  A chilled bottle of sweet champagne she recognized the label to and two succulent dinners of lobster and steak waited for them.  
“I hope you like it,” Lorenzo murmured.
“It’s perfect,” she expressed, overwhelmed.  
 “Perfect?” he asked, his incredibly attractive face wholly on her.
“Yes, it’s absolutely perfect,” she replied, her almost-black eyes leaving the surreal scene in front of her and gravitating toward his attentive sight.  


Chapter 38

In the dream, Lorenzo was getting married.  But it wasn’t in the present time.  There were horse carriages and people wearing outfits he had only seen in the movies.  He patiently waited for his bride in a small church.  Valeria suddenly appeared.  She didn’t wear a white fluffy gown and he wasn’t in a tux but it was no less a wedding.  He bolted upright when he heard a scream, trying to get out of the fogginess of the dream world.
“Lorenzo!  Lorenzo!”
A frantic Valeria sat next to him on the bed, her nude form trembling and outlined on a sheet as she clutched it fiercely
 “What happened?” he asked, disoriented and still having doubts about being awake.
“We . . . We . . . “
“Calm down,” he murmured, trying to be soothing.
“We drank too much champagne,” she declared, distressed.
“Is that why we’re . . .”
“Yes!”
“I’m sorry,” he said, still very confused.  
“How could this happen?” she blurted.  “I barely know you.”
“Valeria—“
 I don’t go to bed with men just like that.”
“I hope you know that I don’t bed women just like that either.”
She closed her eyes and cradled her face with her hands.  “We were so drunk last night.  I barely remember . . .”
“What?”
“Barely remember . . .”
“What do you remember?”
“It can’t be,” she said, her voice becoming frantic again.
“What?” he asked, catching the panic in her voice and trying to keep calm.
“Did we get married, Lorenzo?”
“Married?”
“Yes.”
“No . . . of course not . . .” he mumbled.  “Where did you get that from?” 
“So it was just a dream?” she asked, relieved.
“A dream?” he questioned, realizing they had traveled a similar journey during the night.
“Yes.”
As he turned his face to deliberate on the odd situation, his eyes caught a piece of paper on the dresser.  He slowly picked it up, examining it with shock.
“This is impossible!” he blurted, his voice shaking.
“What is?”
"Impossible!"
"What is?" she repeated with alarm.
“We’re married,” he said with disbelief as he handed her the marriage certificate with chaotic fingers.


Chapter 39

It took a full minute for Valeria to get her bearings after seeing the certificate.  
“This can’t be happening,” she managed to murmur, her voice croaking in a frog-like sound.  “It’s got to be a dream.”
Lorenzo finally found his own bearings.  “We’re awake, Valeria,” he said, fumbling with the words.
“It’s impossible.”  Then she noticed a cheap wedding ring, one that resembled those from a candy machine, on her ring finger.  “How can this be?” she cried.
As Valeria looked on with mortification, Lorenzo made some phone calls to determine the authentically of the certificate.  By the grave look on his face, she could tell what the answer was.
“We can get this annulled, right?” she asked, her voice cracking.
“Yes,” he answered.  “I’ll get my lawyer on it as soon as we get back.”
“We need to leave Acapulco ASAP.”
Lorenzo nodded gravely.  Relieved that he understood the importance of getting home, she let a long breath out.  Even if it was the weekend and little could be done at this point, she needed to get back to familiar ground.   He seemed to feel the same way.  

On the airplane neither said more than a few words.  Too much had happened for any type of speech.  As Valeria peeked out the window to the filmy, cotton clouds, she started trying to jog her memory.  What had happened the night before?  Blurry vignettes began coming to the forefront of her mind and becoming focused.
Starting to feel fuzzy with the champagne and Lorenzo’s intoxicating proximity, she reasoned that she should return to her room.  But the more determined her mind became to leave, the less her emotions cooperated and the less able she was to turn away from his deep eyes that seemed entirely focused on her.
“You’re so beautiful,” he stated.  “I know you’ve probably heard it a million times, but you need to hear it from me.”
“Thank you,” she responded, not knowing what to make of his sudden show of emotion.
“Everything about you is beautiful—everything.  Inside out—outside in, it’s all dazzling.”
 “It’s all the alcohol making you say this,” she asserted, chuckling.
“That’s where you’re wrong,” he stated, seriously.  “The champagne didn’t make me say it as much as gave me the guts to speak.”
She eyed him carefully.  “I’d love to know what’s deep inside you, Lorenzo.” Usually, he kept who he was under lock and key.
“What do you want to know?  I’m open to you.”
“For starters, I’d like to know what you want from a woman.”
“What I want?”
“Yes, I’ve told you what I look for in a man.  What are you looking for in a woman?”
He let out a long breath as he eyed her.
“Is it such a hard question to answer?” Valeria asked.
“No.”
“So?” she persisted.
“Kindness, compassion and intelligence sound good.”
Valeria frowned.  “You’re just repeating my words.”
He chuckled.  “I can’t want the same things you want?”
“I want more originality from you, buddy.”
“Okay, here goes.  I want those qualities I’ve mentioned not just to be on the surface but that they go deep.  I mean, anybody can be kind and compassionate towards people in their home turf but it takes a special person to feel for others who are strangers.  It takes an even more remarkable person to do something for them.  That’s where the intelligence part comes in.  Smart people do stupid and selfish things all the time but the woman I’m talking about uses her brains to help others instead of for mind games.”
Valeria openly stared at him intently.
“How was that?” he asked nervously.
What was logical a few hours before, to keep her distance, seemed hopelessly ridiculous and illogical now.  A coyote, she should stay away from, a stampeding herd of horses, a swarm of wasps.  But not this man.  She quickly left her chair and sat directly at the one next to him, in full challenge of the glass wall that always seemed between them.  The next move belonged to him. 
His dark eyes swept her face with a question and then he grinned.  As soon as she opened her lips to receive his, that was it for any argumentative voice in her mind.  She was fully into him.
Fully.


Chapter 40

Having left his car at the airport for the trip, Lorenzo drove Valeria home.  In his peripheral vision, he could see the deep tension in her beautiful face.  In fact, he could practically hear her rapid heart beat
 “Please don’t worry about anything,” he asserted.  “I’m going to make sure everything is okay.  I take full responsibility for this fiasco.”
Valeria smiled weakly.  “We’re both responsible for what happened in Acapulco.”
“Nevertheless, it’s fixable, okay.  So don’t stress,” he demanded.
She nodded.  “Okay.  I’ll try.”
When Lorenzo stepped into his house after leaving Valeria at her doorstep, he went straight to his bedroom and dropped the luggage to the floor.  He slumped down on the bed, trying to disentangle his memory.  
Shutting his eyes, he traveled back to that night.  He remembered having arranged the room in a special way.  He remembered drinking the champagne and becoming more and more intoxicated not only with the drink but with the remarkable woman also.  He remembered thinking and saying how great she was with her insides matching her breathtaking outside.  
What do I look for in a woman?
She had asked him that enormous question.  
You. You, YOU.
But instead he had given a description of his perfect woman—of her.
Then she opened like his favorite book, her face now welcoming instead of demanding he stay at arm’s length, and her dark velveteen eyes with an invitation of more than a short visit.
She moved next to him from the opposite side of the table and with her being so close, all he could focus on were her fleshy, moist lips.  He closed the separation but he had to force himself to pull away.   
“What’s wrong?” she had asked, her eyes full of bewilderment.
 “We should be married before we do this,” he stated.
 “What?”
“I just feel we should be married.  Don’t you think?”
“Married?” she asked, her voice shaky.
“It just seems right somehow.”
“Yes, I know.”
"Very right."
"Yes."
And they had gotten married.
Lorenzo abruptly stood up from the bed, needing to stay in the reality of the moment instead of in those memories of that night.  Where had that marriage proposal come from?  Why did the feeling of touching her before marriage seem like such an immense taboo that overpowered his overwhelming need to make love to her?  
Never have I ever wanted to get married.  Poor Kate spent years trying to convince me and I marry a woman who I barely know?  It doesn’t make any sense whatsoever!


Chapter 41

Sunday morning, Valeria woke up to a chaotic world and wanted to stuff herself into her shell like a turtle.  This new place she inhabited was a completely off kilter place.  Even her physical seemed unbalanced as it reacted adversely to her situation, but it didn’t surprise her since emotions and the body were intertwined.  When her parents arrived at her apartment unexpectedly, she decided to do what she had told herself not to—tell them about Acapulco.  Having a heart to heart talk with them might give her some normalcy.
“I got married,” she blurted, deciding that yanking off a Band-Aid quickly was better than slow torture.
“What?” her mother asked.
“Don’t be upset but when I went to Acapulco with Lorenzo, I accidentally got married.”
“What?!” her father snapped.
“I’m married but don’t worry.  We’re going to get it annulled soon.”  
“You’re married?” proclaimed Mrs. Loya, finally having had the words get through to her.
“It was an accident.”
“How do you get married by accident?” Mr. Loya snapped gruffly.
“We drank too much and—“
“You drank too much?” blurted Mrs. Loya.
“Since when do you drink?” questioned Mr. Loya, his eyes narrowing.
“I don’t—at least not much.  That’s the problem.  It didn’t take much to get me drunk.”
“That man drowned you with alcohol and took advantage of you?!” roared Mr. Loya.
“What kind of man is he?” questioned Mrs. Loya furiously.  “That slick coyote!”
“Actually, he didn’t want to take advantage of me.  That’s why he married me,” she said lightly.  “It’s all a big mistake.”
Mrs. Loya’s eyes gushed tears.  They streamed down her face in a flash flood.  “I just can’t believe you got married without us.”
“I’m sorry, Mama,” pleaded Valeria.  “Please understand that it was an accident.”
“Accident?  Valeria, when people crash their vehicles—that’s an accident.  When someone trips—that’s an accident.  Getting married is no accident!” snapped Mr. Loya.
“It is, Papa.  In my case it is.  But don’t worry; we’re getting it annulled as soon as possible.  It’ll be like it never happened.”
“But it did,” her mother said lightly.  “It happened as sure as an elephant goes to the market and breaks everything.”
Valeria sighed deeply.  “I know.”

When Lorenzo had called his parents to tell them what had happened, why he had had to leave Acapulco so abruptly, he prepared himself for their reaction.
“You got married, hijo?” his dad asked incredulously.
“Married?” his mother repeated into the speaker phone.  Lorenzo had told them he needed to speak to both at the same time.
“I know how upsetting this is but I want you to know that we’re having it annulled as soon as possible.”
“Married,” his mother repeated, sobs could be heard through the phone.
“Mama,” Lorenzo said quietly, “are you crying?”
“Yes, she’s crying,” answered Mr. Montes.
“I knew I shouldn’t have told you,” declared Lorenzo, frustrated.  “I’m such a bad son.”
“No, you're not,” rushed Mrs. Montes.  “Don’t ever say that.  Besides, I’m not crying because I’m upset.”
“You’re not?”
“No,” stated Mr. Montes.  “We’re so happy.”
“Happy?” Lorenzo asked, baffled.  
“Yes,” Mrs. Montes announced.  “We thought you’d never get married.”
“Besides, we really like Valeria.  She’s great!”
“Married,” his mother gushed.
“But whenever I said anything about not marrying Kate, you’d agree with me.”
“Kate wasn’t the right woman for you.  We knew you’d realize it someday,” Mrs. Montes blurted.  
“Yes, Kate was a good woman but she was not for you.”
“Are you sure about that?”
“Positive,” both his parents said in unison.
“Mama, Papa, I hate bringing this up, but Valeria and I are having this marriage annulled.”
“Lorenzo, just the fact that you were willing to get married after always saying you wouldn’t gives us so much hope,” declared Mr. Montes.
“I really don’t know what you’re so happy about,” Lorenzo said dryly.  “What’s wrong with being single?”
“Nothing,” declared Mrs. Montes.  “But we always felt there was a woman out there for you—a woman who would share your life to keep away the loneliness.”
“I’m not lonely,” Lorenzo asserted.  “I’ve got all of you.”
“It’s not the same as having a special someone,” commented Mr. Montes.
  “It’s not the same at all.”
“You’ll see what we mean,” stated Mrs. Montes, a sparkle in her voice.
When walking to class on Monday, the anticipation of seeing Valeria again left Lorenzo jittery and dry mouthed.  He tried to keep an eye for Valeria but she arrived a few seconds before the bell rang and didn’t look his way.  Throughout the day, he tried preventing his eyes from wandering to the glass window in the door.  At lunch, he ate with Billy who was in such a good mood having met a woman during a party that the Casanova didn’t notice Lorenzo’s quiet attitude or the way he checked the doors of the cafeteria every few seconds.  
As soon as the last bell rang, he rushed to her classroom.  Her curly touchable hair tumbled down her back and her face flushed a warm pink as she saw him.  A faraway look danced in her eyes. 
“Hi,” he managed to say.
“Hi,” she reiterated breathlessly.
“Are you okay?” he asked with concern.
She nodded.  “I’m fine.”  
He was unconvinced of her bravado.  “I already talked to my lawyer and—“
“Can we postpone the annulment for just a little while?” she blurted.
“What did you say?” he asked, not sure he had heard right.
“I’d like to postpone the annulment if that’s okay.”
“Why?” he asked, completely baffled.
“Everything has been happening so fast.”
“Very fast,” he mumbled.
 “I just need to catch my breath.  Does that make any sense?”
He eyed her carefully.  “I guess so.”
“Thank you.”
“Are you sure you don’t want to do this right away?”
“Give me a little time.  Just a little.”
“Okay,” he said, still perplexed.  “I’ll give you some time.”


Chapter 42

Having given Valeria plenty of space, he was done with being ignored.  A few weeks had passed since the Acapulco vacation.  It was so easy for her to shut him out, but his patience had worn thin.  The annulment issue had to be resolved.  He arrived at Valeria’s apartment with the determination to face their situation.  When she opened the door, he detected several emotions on her lovely face and he really couldn’t tell if she was happy or upset to see him.
“Come in,” she said simply, leading him to her sofa.
Sensing a need in her, he subverted a strong urge to put his arms around her and hold her.  “I’m sorry to be barging in on you without calling first but we really have to resolve our problem.”
“Valeria stared at him with an unwavering gaze.  “Our problem just got worse,” she said quietly.  “A lot worse.”
“What do you mean?”
Valeria sighed deeply.  “I’m pregnant, Lorenzo.”
“What?”
“We’re having a baby.”
It was his turn to stare with a gaping mouth.  “Are you serious?”
“I’ve taken three different pregnancy tests.”
His eyebrows came abruptly together.  “How could this happen?”


Chapter 43

Judging by how Lorenzo was reacting, Valeria realized Kate had been on the money when she had said that he couldn’t commit, that he didn’t want children.  But the deed was done.  What had she gotten herself into?  Neither spoke for a few minutes as he sat on her sofa and tried to absorb the information.
Two weeks had passed after the Acapulco fiasco and Valeria hadn't been able to shake the distinct feeling that something inside of her was out of place and it wasn’t just the tangled web she had gotten herself into.  When Lorenzo had told her about the annulment, she had instinctively felt she needed more time.  Valeria finally got the courage to take an early pregnancy test.  Looking at the indicator on the stick, she had grabbed the bathroom sink to steady herself.  
It’s positive.  I’m pregnant. 
Her intuition had unfortunately proven to be accurate.
How could this have happened?  
How could this happen with only one time?  I’m in my forties.  Aren’t I less fertile?  Don’t women my age have to go to fertility clinics to get pregnant?  Knocked up!  This is beyond strange!
“I know I can get out of this situation, but I’m not.  I’m having this child,” Valeria finally spoke up, her voice firm.
“What?”
“I didn’t think I’d be able to get pregnant at my age without medical help but I figure this is a miracle.”
He nodded, his dark eyes stayed on her.  “Yes, a miracle.”
“If you want out, then I’ll raise the baby on my own.”
“No, I don’t want out,” he stated, his tone with grave seriousness.
“Are you sure?”
“Yes.”
“But—“
“I’m in,” he stated emphatically.  “Please stop questioning me.”
“Don’t you need time to think?”
“No.”
“Are you su—“
“Stop.”
Valeria let out a deep breath.  “Okay.”
“I take responsibility for my actions.”
She desperately wanted to fling her arms around him and squeeze so hard, she’d have to be forced away from him through super human means.  “Okay.”
“I’m not abandoning you on this.”
“But, Lorenzo, this goes beyond doing the responsible thing and not abandoning me.  Will you be able to love this child without any resentment?”
“Yes, of course.”
“But—“
“Stop.  Please stop questioning me.  I know what I’m doing.”
Valeria sighed profoundly.  “Okay.”
He went deep in thought.  “Do you still want the annulment?”
“No,” she answered quickly.  “Do you?”
“No.”
Again, she subverted her longing to wrap herself around him.  “What’ll we do?”
“I think we need to stay together for the time being.”
“You do?” she asked.
“We’re role models to our students.”
“I know.”
“We need to make sure everyone finds out we got married. “
“Okay.”
His firm eyes anchored themselves to hers.  “You should move in with me.”
“What?”
“I’ve got a house, and you’ve got an apartment.  I’ve got more room.”
“I’m not sure moving in together is such a good idea.”
“How can we play a married couple without being in the same house?” he asked with irritation.  “Can you explain that to me?”
“Are we really ready for something like this?” she asked with exasperated doubt.
“Maybe not but this is the situation we’re in, and we don’t have much of a choice.”
“I guess not.”
“You don’t have to worry; we’re not sharing a room.  I have more than enough bedrooms and you’ll have your own.”
“Okay.”
“We’re going to make this work.  We are,” he stated.


Chapter 44

Valeria’s discomfort in his house was as obvious to Lorenzo as a yard dying of thirst.  She kept glancing around like in unknown and dangerous territory.  Kate had taken her furniture, and he hadn’t replaced it yet, so he told Valeria to feel comfortable in changing the décor.  It was her choice whether she wanted to bring her own furniture or they could go shopping for new pieces.  Her strained facial muscles relaxed, bringing back her effortless, careless beauty, and he broke into a smile.  
“I’m into a southwestern look and not modern,” she announced.
“Feel free to do whatever you want.”
“Are you sure?  We’re talking about two completely different styles.”
“Modern was Kate’s thing,” he said quietly.  “I never really liked it.”
Lorenzo also convinced her to take the master bedroom since it had a study attached to it with French doors that could serve as a nursery.
“I can’t throw you out of your own bedroom,” she stated emphatically.
“I’m not taking no for an answer.  Besides, the other bedrooms are just as comfortable.
“But—“
“I don’t mind.  I really don’t.”
When the movers brought her furniture, Valeria’s shell shocked countenance started disappearing.  He even detected a content smile when her things were in place.  Her furnishings looked at ease with the wood floors and the stone fireplace.  Realizing how Kate’s decor had been completely wrong for the place, Lorenzo couldn’t get over the difference.  The house didn’t want to be modern with hard edges and black and silver decorations.  It wanted big, fluffy, pastel colorful furniture.  He now felt more comfortable in his own living space than he ever had before.  
His former bedroom also changed when Valeria’s furniture arrived.  The heavy, solid pine furniture also made the room more inviting with softer hues and vivid pieces like the Pueblo painting now hanging where a gray picture with black splotches used to be.  His home now seemed like an entirely different house. 
“I’m sorry, Lorenzo.  I think I just took over your place.”
He grinned.  “I’m so glad you did.”

After decorating Lorenzo's home, Valeria felt less homesick for her apartment.  Maybe she would become accustomed, like a goat in a new barn, to her new life.  But when Lorenzo approached her with a gift, she quickly rebuffed it.  Too much, too soon.
“I can’t,” stated Valeria.
“Yes, you can,” he said, holding the ring to her.
“No, I can't take it.  I—“
“Valeria,” he said with exasperation.  “How are we supposed to convince people we’re married if you don’t have a wedding ring?”
“I’ve got this ring,” she said, pointing at the delicate gold ring engraved with a flower.  She had taken off the candy machine ring a long time ago.
“You’ve already been wearing that ring.  You need a new one.”
“But—“
“Take the ring, please.”
“But it belonged to your grandmother.”
“Yes, and I’m giving it to you.”
“But—“
“Take the ring.”
She reluctantly took it.  “Okay.”


Chapter 45

As Valeria and Lorenzo were on their way to her parents’ home, she stared at the diamond silver ring already on her finger.  The light caught the oblong diamond, making it flicker.  She was grateful that his grandmother had had simple tastes.  
At the door to her parents' one story, cottage style house, she took a deep breath before knocking.  Her mother answered with a tight facial expression. 
“Who is this?” she asked suspiciously.
“This is Lorenzo—my husband,” Valeria told her, trying to magically will her mother into stop being upset and rude.
“Your husband?” Mrs. Loya snickered with an exaggerated hurt tone.  “Since I wasn’t invited to the wedding, I couldn’t be sure.”
“Nice to meet you,” Lorenzo said, extending his hand.
“I wish I could say the same,” Mrs. Loya grumbled, scrunching her face at the hand but still shaking it.
“Mama!”
“Aren’t you the guy from The Revolutionary Taco, and weren’t you with someone else that night?” Mrs. Loya questioned, her voice growing more suspicious by the second.
“Mama, can we come in or are you keeping us outside?” asked Valeria, wishing she had not brought Lorenzo over.  Rather than going through this awkward situation, it would’ve been preferable that he’d never meet her parents.
“I guess I have to let you in,” sighed Mrs. Loya, leading them to the living room where Mr. Loya was watching a football game on a big screen TV.
“Dad, this is my husband Lorenzo.”
Mr. Loya eyed Lorenzo, his black eyebrows slamming together.  “This is the husband?”
Lorenzo extended his hand.  “Pleased to meet you.”
Mr. Loya’s eyebrows didn’t loosen, but he still shook Lorenzo’s hand.  “I thought you two were getting an annulment.”
“That’s what I understood,” commented Mrs. Loya.
“We’ve decided against it,” announced Lorenzo.  “Because—“
“I’ll explain,” blurted Valeria.
“Well one of you better explain,” snapped Mrs. Loya.  
Valeria took in a huge whiff of air.  “We’re not getting an annulment because . . .”
“Why?” asked Mr. Loya impatiently.
“Calm down.  I’m getting there,” stated Valeria.
“A turtle on the brink of death would’ve already gotten there,” stated Mrs. Loya, shaking her head.
“I’m pre. . .”
“You’re what?” asked Mr. Loya.
“I’m pregnant,” Valeria blurted.
“Pregnant with a child?” asked Mrs. Loya, her tone scratchy.
“No, I’m pregnant with a goat,” said Valeria.  “What do you think?”
The harsh quiet that ensued left all without any sort of speech.  Suddenly, Mrs. Loya started sobbing loudly.  
“Are you okay, Mrs. Loya?’ asked Lorenzo, concerned.
Mrs. Loya tried to speak but the thick sobs wouldn’t allow her.
“Are you okay, Mama?” Valeria asked, rushing to her and putting her hands on Mrs. Loya’s shoulders.
“Your mama and I are very excited!” gushed Mr. Loya.
“What?” asked Valeria.
“It’s because,” Mrs. Loya finally managed to say with huge gulps, “we never, ever thought we’d be grandparents.”
“So you’re happy about it?” asked Valeria, completely baffled.
“I just can’t believe we’re having grandchildren,” stated Mr. Loya, a huge grin on his face.  “Son, would you like something to eat?’
“You’re talking to me?” asked a surprised Lorenzo as Mr. Loya handed him the food tray next to him, loaded with cheese and jalapeno nachos.  
“Yes, of course I’m talking to you.”
“I thought you didn’t like him because we got married in Acapulco,” stated Valeria, trying very hard to understand what was happening.
“There’s no use living in the past,” announced Mrs. Loya.  “We have to live in the present for our grandchild.”  
Mr. Loya turned to Lorenzo.  “Would you like a soda?”
“Sure,” Lorenzo answered, still puzzled. 
“Let me get you one,” Mr. Loya said as he was about to get up from his dark green recliner.
“I’ll get it,” offered Valeria, heading to the kitchen.  She had to step out of the strange situation even if it was only for a minute.  
“You are part of the family now,” stated Mrs. Loya, smiling at Lorenzo.
“Yes, we forgive you for the Acapulco wedding.”
“I just want to tell the both of you that I intend to make sure your daughter and grandchild are fine.  I will do everything I can for them.”
Mrs. Loya grinned.  “I’m glad to hear you say that.”
“And you can count on me too,” Lorenzo assured.  “Please tell me if you ever need anything.”
“All we ask of you is that you’re a good husband to our daughter and a good father to our grandchild.”
“I promise to do my best.”
As Valeria returned with the soda, she shook her head at the warm atmosphere she found.  
“Just a few days ago you two were screaming about the marriage,” she commented to her parents.
“Hija, don’t spoil this special moment for us,” stated Mrs. Loya.
“Special moment?”
“Yes,” Mrs. Loya said, dabbing her eyes.  “This is one of the best days  we’ve ever had.”
“I didn’t know you wanted a grandchild so much,” said Valeria with a contemplative look.
“We wanted you to have the life you wanted and not the one we wanted for you,” declared Mrs. Loya.
“You are such great parents,” said Lorenzo, giving them an admiring look. 
“Yes, they are,” agreed Valeria with her special smile.
“Son, sit down and watch the game with me,” said Mr. Loya.
“Do you want a boy or a girl?” Mrs. Loya asked her new son-in-law.
“All I care about is if the baby is healthy.”
One happy family, Valeria sighed.
Monday morning, Valeria suggested to Lorenzo that they should probably ride together to school.  It would be better for people to start getting used to them as a couple.  Mouths gaped open as they arrived, but both were determined to forge through this, if not for themselves, for the sake of the baby.  
The first chance they got, they spoke to the principal who was still Mr. Serna while a permanent replacement was being found for Bleaker.  
“You’re married?” asked Mr. Serna, surprised.
“Yes, here’s our marriage certificate,” stated Lorenzo, handing it to him.
“You didn’t have to show it to me.”
“We thought it was better if we did,” said Valeria.
“I didn’t know you were dating.”
“We keep our personal business private,” affirmed Lorenzo. 
“Is there a rule in this district about husbands and wives not working together?” asked Valeria, getting straight to the matter.
“No,” said Mr. Serna.  “Not at this school.”
“Good,” blurted Lorenzo.  “We like our jobs here.  Neither of us wants to go anywhere else.”
“We don’t want you to go anywhere either. “
“Thank you,” said Valeria.
After they had left the office, Valeria turned to Lorenzo, “Thank goodness that’s over with.  I think we’ll be able to get through this.”
Lorenzo chuckled.  “I think so too.”


Chapter 46

“I just heard the craziest thing,” Billy said, barging into Lorenzo’s classroom during their free period.  
Here it comes, thought Lorenzo.  
“Rumor has it that you and Valeria are married!” Billy exclaimed, laughing uncontrollably.  “Isn’t that the most ridiculous thing you’ve ever heard?  Somebody must’ve been on booze or drugs to make that one up!”
“It’s true,” Lorenzo said quietly.
“What?”
“It’s true, Billy.”
“What do you mean it’s true?” Billy questioned, still not comprehending.
“We’re married.”
“What do you mean?”
Lorenzo let out an exasperated noise.  “What I just said.”
“You couldn’t have said what I thought I heard.  I thought I heard you say that you and Valeria are married.”
 “You heard right.”
“No, I couldn’t have heard right,” Billy insisted, still with disbelief.
“Valeria and I are married.”
“But—“
“Billy,” Lorenzo snapped.  “We’re married.”
“I don’t understand.”
“WE'RE MARRIED!”
“I . . . I don’t . .  . I . . .”
“I know it’s a big surprise.”
“That’s an understatement,” Billy mumbled.
“Life is like that—full off surprises,” remarked Lorenzo with irritated spikes in his tone.
“What about Kate?”
“We broke up a while back,” Lorenzo announced defensively.
“You did?”
“Yes,” affirmed Lorenzo.
“But you never told me.”
“I kept it private.”
“Why?”
“I needed to come to terms with it on my own,” Lorenzo stated, the irritated spikes in his voice becoming harsher.
“Kate is no longer living with you?”
“No, it would be kind of crowded with my wife living with me.”
“Valeria already moved in with you?”
“Of course.  We’re married.”
“How long had you and Valeria been seeing each other,” Billy asked suspiciously.
“I didn’t cheat on Kate if that’s what you’re asking,” Lorenzo blurted angrily.
“I’m not asking you that,” Billy blurted.
“Of course you are,” Lorenzo said dryly.  “Cheating isn’t my style and you know it.”
Billy nodded, his face still confused.  “Yeah.”
“Valeria and I just slipped into a relationship.”
“Slipped into a relationship?” he questioned incredulously.
“Yes.”
“But she wouldn’t have anything to do with me,” Billy snapped with frustration.
“You weren’t the right man for her.”
“And you are?”
“Obviously I am if she married me,” stated Lorenzo, his arms crossed in front of him.
“She never even gave me a chance,” he blurted bitterly.
Lorenzo shrugged his shoulders.  “That’s how it goes.”
“How did it happen between the two of you?  I thought you never wanted to get married.”
“Things change.”
“I still don’t see why she preferred you over me,” Billy said, pouting.
Lorenzo shrugged his shoulders.  “I’m the lucky one.”


Chapter 47

After arriving home from school, Valeria quickly headed straight to the bathroom.  Don't vomit yet.  Don't vomit on the floor.  Don't vomit on the furniture.  Especially don't vomit on Lorenzo.  He was trailing after her with a concerned look.  She fortunately made it to the toilet where whatever was in her stomach, which wasn’t much, came up on her with excruciating force.  Spasms contracted with harsh violence.  Lorenzo rubbed her back and murmured soothing words.  She would've much rather been alone in this gross experience.  She wanted to blurt that he should immediately leave the bathroom, but the nausea overpowered her, and his capable presence and touch comforted her.  
“Are you okay?” he asked gently.
“I’m fine,” she rushed.
He nodded.  “I’ll get some crackers for you.”
When he stepped out, she rinsed her mouth with mouthwash and stepped into her bedroom where she sat on the bed.  This nausea won’t be forever, she told herself.  If only he didn’t have to see her this state, in such an unpleasant way.  She managed a weak smile when Lorenzo returned with the crackers.
“This should settle your stomach,” he stated.
As she chewed the crackers, she averted her eyes from his steady gaze, concern and caring in them.  He was certainly living up to his promises.  He was a man of his word.  Having gone with her to the doctor and asked one question after another about the pregnancy, he became attractive in a completely new way.  His good looks were fast becoming insignificant compared to what he carried inside. 
“You should leave,” she finally managed to say.
“What?”
“I don't want you anywhere near my reprocessed food.”
His face formed a question mark.  “Why?”
“Do you really have to ask?”
“I don't see what the problem is in helping you through this.”
“Now you're going to tell me that vomit is sexy?” she questioned, challenging him.
“Of course not.”
“Then why do you want to be with me when I throw up?  You should be grossed out.”
He chuckled darkly.  “Valeria, I'm going to experience this with you whether you like it or not.”
The moment became too intimate for her with his unwavering stare steadily on her.  “What’s the nice smell?” she asked, changing the subject and noticing for the first time a pleasant aroma in the house.
“Flowers,” he stated sheepishly.
“Flowers?”
“You’ve been feeling so bad that I came during lunch and put some flowers in vases all over the house,” he explained, embarrassed.  “I thought they’d cheer you up.”
Valeria's smile lit up her whole face.  “Thank you.”
“Do you need anything else?  A glass of water maybe?” he asked, his dark eyes pulling her in.
“No, thank you.”
“Are you sure?” 
“Yes, I think I’ll take a nap,” Valeria announced.
He nodded.  “Get as much rest as you can.  Call me if you need anything.”
“I will.”
Laying her head on a pillow, she dozed off as soon as he left.  But her comfort didn’t last long when she abruptly woke up with a start.  What she had been trying to hide underneath the folds of her thoughts came at her, fast and furious like a bull out of its pen.  Stress ate at her peace of mind.  Valeria hadn’t told Lorenzo that she had been doing research on the internet.  She hadn't told him what she had found out.  She hadn't shared her anxieties with him.  The first trimester—the first four months were when most miscarriages occurred.  And especially at her age, this information wasn’t to be taken too lightly.  

A few days later, as soon as Lorenzo saw Valeria’s ashen face, he knew something was wrong.  She had rushed to him in the living room where he graded papers.  He tried to keep an even face as he patiently waited for her to speak.  She couldn't seem to be able to string words together. 
“What’s wrong?” he finally asked, trying to be gentle.
"We need to get to a doctor."
“What’s wrong?” he repeated with greater firmness.
Valeria's fearful eyes made him lose his calm.
“Valeria, I need you to tell me what’s wrong,” he said, sharper than he intended.
“Let's go. “
“Nor until you tell me what's wrong.” He declared..
“I’m spotting.”


Chapter 48

Lorenzo forced himself to keep his voice serene.  “It'll be okay.”
The fifteen minute ride to the doctors office was the longest ride either one of them had ever taken.  Patients filled the plain waiting room but Lorenzo paid very little attention to what surrounded him.  As soon as Doctor Urtiaga checked Valeria, he informed them that she was fine.  
“If you keep spotting, call me, especially if it’s heavy,” Doctor Urtiaga said.  
On the drive home, Lorenzo noticed how visibly relieved Valeria’s facial expression was.  His was too for that matter.
After having arrived from the doctor, Valeria had taken a comforting nap.  No longer so stressed, she found she actually dozed off without a problem.  The baby is fine, she kept telling herself as she plummeted into a deep sleep.  It was only when she felt a presence in the room that she started fluttering her eyes open.  Her vision immediately focused on Lorenzo who was standing next to her and peering anxiously down.  
“I’m sorry I woke you up.  I just wanted to make sure you were okay.”
“I’m fine.”
“I’m sorry,” he repeated.  “I’ll leave.  Please go back to sleep.”
“Don’t leave,” Valeria blurted.  
“What?”
She sat up and patted the spot next to her.  “Sit down.”
“Are you sure you don’t want to get some more rest?”
“I’d like to talk to you.”
“What about?” he asked with concern as he sat down.
“I’ve been a little stressed.”
“I’ve noticed,” he stated.  “What's been worrying you?”
“The baby.”
“The baby?”
“I’m not a spring chicken anymore, Lorenzo.  What if the baby isn’t healthy?”
“Valeria, more and more women are having babies at a later age,” he stated, his voice soothing and comforting to her.
“I know but it’s different when it’s happening to you.”
“The doctor said that everything is fine.”
“But he doesn’t know for sure about the health of our baby, does he?” she asked quietly.
He sighed and put his strong, warm arms around her.  “I think you need to stop worrying.”
“But—“
“Stop worrying.  Stop.  Stress is the worse thing for you and the baby.”
She breathed out.  “You’re right.”
“Besides, whatever happens, we’ll face it together, okay?”
Valeria nodded.  “Okay.”
“I promised you I’d be here for you, and I keep my promises.”
“I know you do,” she uttered quietly. 
“You can bank on my word.”
“It’s not that I doubt you.  It’s just that . . .”
“What?”
“I was so scared,” she expressed, gathering strength from his presence.
“With the spotting?”
“Yes, I thought I was going to lose the baby.”
“I was scared too,” he stated, sincerity flooding his eyes.
“You were?”
“Yes, of course.  Why do you even ask?”
“This baby wasn’t exactly planned for.”
“Do you honestly think that I would want you to have a miscarriage?” he asked, frustrated spikes in his voice.
“I just wasn’t sure what to think.”
“Well don’t think for me,” he blurted before he had a chance at stopping the harsh reaction.  
“I’m sorry,” she stated.  “It’s just been such an overwhelming time for me.”
“I know,” he said, calming down.  “It’s been overwhelming for me too.”
She nodded as she caressed his cheek.  “Since I’m the one carrying the baby, I forget that you're also trying to cope with everything.”
Lorenzo’s eyes dug deeply into hers as his hands cradled her face.  “We’ll do this one day at a time.”
“Yes, one day at a time.”
“And you won’t keep any of your worries to yourself anymore, will you?” he asked in more of a demanding tone than a request.
“No, I’ll share them with you,” she said, snuggling deep into the warmth of his hands and wishing for more of him.
“Yes,” he stated, “share with me.”
Lorenzo quietly laid back on the headboard and brought her to his chest.  Caressing her hair, he murmured, “Now get some rest.  I'm here for you.”  It didn't take long for her to deeply doze off with his touch on her.
When Lorenzo awoke in the morning, he rapidly climbed out of bed, making certain he didn’t wake Valeria.  They had slept in each other's arms.  It had felt like the most natural of experiences to him.  He took one penetrating look at her before stepping out the door.
She is so beautiful, he thought to himself.  Her wild hair over the pillow, her light rhythmic breathing, and her flushed face were stamped in his memory.  He quickly changed his clothes in his room.  With a deep fervor, he stepped outside the back door.  Mowing the yard, he put his whole force into it.  He didn’t notice when Valeria stepped up behind him.
“Good morning!” she greeted, trying to talk above the loud sound the lawn mower was making.
Startled, Lorenzo accidentally pulled his hands away from the mower, stopping its power.
“I didn’t mean to sneak up on you,” she continued.
“Good morning,” he said, shiny perspiration coming down his skin.
“I thought you had just done this a few days ago?”
He cleared his throat.  “Yes, but I didn’t do a very good job.”
"Oh."
"I like doing yard work."
Valeria nodded.  “I just wanted to tell you that I’m making pancakes.  Would you like some?” she asked.
“Sure.”
“Okay,” she smiled as she got ready to walk away.
“Wait,” he said.
“Yes?”
“Last night . . .” His voice trailed with unexpressed words.
“Yes?”
“I just wanted to tell you that I liked sleeping with you in my arms,” he asserted sheepishly.
Valeria smiled.  “I liked sleeping in your arms.”
 “Good,” he said, his intent stare firmly on her.  
Valeria broke the odd spell, not being able to stand the heated intensity any longer.  “Would you like pancakes with pecans or plain?” she asked awkwardly.
“I’ll take them any way you make them.”
“Okay.”
“I'm sure they'll be the best pancakes I've ever had.”  He quietly but intently stared after her as she walked away.


Chapter 49

As soon as they stepped into her parents' home, Valeria distinctly felt she was in a paranormal zone.  A peculiar vibe in the air.  Had her parents been replaced by pod people?  They looked the same, but their behavior was peculiar.  Her mom and dad, who only a few short weeks ago were bruised beyond any reasoning about her having gotten married in Acapulco, were now the friendliest people on earth.  A tiny baby growing inside of her had created this miracle.  She couldn’t get over it.  
“Would you like anything to drink, Lorenzo?” asked Mr. Loya.
“Sure.”
“How about a Coke?”
“I’d love some plain water.  I worked all morning on the yard, and it was very hot.”
“I can tell you’re a hard worker,” Mr. Loya stated, pleased.  
Lorenzo smiled in an embarrassed way.  “I try to keep up with the yard.”
“Your hands are as calloused and strong as my husband’s,” Mrs. Loya gushed.  “You’re definitely not lazy.”
“And you don’t yackety-yak too much,” interjected Mr. Loya, approval in his eyes. 
“I’d like to just tell you how grateful I am that you invited us to dinner,” said Lorenzo.
“You don’t need to thank us,” stated Mrs. Loya.
“You’re part of the family now,” affirmed Mr. Loya.
Valeria's family didn't seem to tire of telling him about his new standing with them, and she couldn't deny she was pleased.  When Mr. Loya took Lorenzo to his vegetable garden, she smiled at listening to the two most important men in her life discuss fertilizers and seeds as if they were the most fascinating subjects in the world.  After a while, Valeria and Mrs. Loya left the men outside as they bonded, and the women sat in the kitchen while drinking herbal tea.
“This one's not dreaming of Roll Royces and dinners with the queen of England,” snickered Mrs. Loya.
“Lorenzo is very different from Leonel.”
“Your husband has his feet firmly planted on the ground.”
“Leonel wasn't a bad guy, Mama.”
“I know but he wasn't the man for you.  A farm horse and a pampered thoroughbred can live in the same stable but ultimately their behaviors and tastes are completely different.”
“I guess you're right.”
“Of course I'm right,” Mrs. asserted with an irritated voice as she took a gulp of tea.
“What I find strange is the way he fits so perfectly with this family.  Look at how comfortable all of us are with him and he with us.  Leonel was never like that.”
“Leonel's visits were very awkward,” Mrs. Loya stated.  "Very uncomfortable and looong.”
“It's the opposite with Lorenzo.  In a very short time, he's become one of us.”
“I'll say it again,” assured Mrs. Loya, “that boy is meant to be part of this family, meant to be the father of your child, and meant to be your true love.”
“My true love?”
Her eyes challenged her daughter with a sly smirk on her lips.  “The working horse has definitely landed in the right corral.”

“Goodnight,” Lorenzo said after he and Valeria had arrived home and had climbed the stairs.
“Goodnight,” she mumbled, watching him step into his bedroom.
Didn’t he want to be with her?—sleep in the same room? she wondered as she stepped into her own bedroom.  Was last night just a dream with his warm embrace around her?  A fantasy?
The more she tossed and turned in her bed, the more frustrated she became.  Fictional crickets jumped in her sheets.  Finally, she sprang out of bed and rushed to Lorenzo before she could change her mind.  Apparently, he wasn’t sleeping either because she could see the warm glow of a lamp from under his door.  Startled, he looked up from the papers he was grading in bed when she stumbled in through the door.  
“Is there something wrong?” he asked with concern, setting his paperwork aside.
“I didn’t know you were busy,” she mumbled.  “I should get back to my room.”
“Sit with me,” he asked of her, putting his hand on her arm and gently pulling her down on the bed with him.
“I really didn’t mean to interrupt you.”
“You didn’t,” he explained, his dark eyes flickering at her.
“But you were grading papers.”
“I had already graded them.”
“What?”
“I couldn’t sleep, so I was looking over them again,” he said sheepishly.
“You couldn’t sleep?”
His eyes stared firmly into hers.  “No.”
She looked away, not wanting to be pulled into him.
“Why are you here?” he asked gently.
“I need clarity?” she blurted.
“Clarity?”
Words stumbled out of her mouth.  “What was last night to you?  I mean we didn't sleep sleep together, but we fell asleep with one another,” she rushed clumsily, her words awkward.  “What do I mean to you?  What—“
His heated kiss broke her litany of insecurities.  Gentle and yet firmly absorbing all of her, it moved like an ocean wave through her.
“I’ve got a few questions of my own,” he said quietly as he pulled away from her.
“Questions?” Her foggy mind stayed firmly on the kiss.
“About Leonel.”
“Who?”
“Your ex.”
“What about him?” she asked, her head slightly clearing.
“Do you still have feelings for him?”
Valeria frowned.  “We broke up, remember?”
“But you must’ve been in love if you agreed to marry him.”
“My feelings for him weren’t as strong as I thought.”
“They weren’t?”
“No.”
“No?”
“Now he’s with a woman who appreciates him for who he is.  I wasn’t the right person for him, or he for me.  We were like a farm horse and a pampered throughbred.”
“What?”
“My mother's words.”
He chuckled, his voice strong.  “Oh.”
“She never thought he was right for me.”
“It's your thoughts on him that I worry about.”
“Worry?”
Lorenzo stared at her, eyebrows knit together.  “You never think of him?”
“No.”
“Of what could’ve been?”
“Never.”
“You don’t miss him—even a little?”
“Not even a little.  It’s hard being at odds with your fiancé’s ideas, and I don’t even want to go into his family.  Talk about a nightmare.”
Lorenzo chuckled.  “His family is a nightmare?”
“You laugh but you don’t know what I had to go through with them.  They’re nothing like your family.  They criticized everything about me—my looks, my personality, my lack of status, my—“
“They were criticizing all that?” he asked angrily.
“I’d have to sling back the arrows!  I hate having to live on the defensive.”
“Sounds like Leonel’s family was really a piece of work,” he blurted, disgusted.  “If you had been with me, I wouldn’t have let anyone speak to you like that—including my own family.  What’s wrong with him?  What’s wrong with his family?  You’re perfect.”
Valeria smiled.  “No, I’m not.  Not even close.”
“To me you are,” he said, caressing her face with feathery strokes.
Realizing the sheerness of the black lace nightgown she was wearing, she decided it was too late to hide her skimpy underclothes underneath.  Nothing much was left to the imagination.  
 “May I stay with you?” she asked, her voice shaky.
“Just try leaving,” he stated, his thumb lightly gliding over her lips.
“You didn’t come to my room tonight.”
“I thought you needed some space,” he explained, his hand stroking the sensitive part of her collarbone.
“It's really you who needs space,” she asserted.
“No.”
“What?”
“You don’t crowd me,” he assured, eyeing her flimsy nightgown.
“I don’t?” she asked, trembling.  In a few moments, judging by the spicy want in his eyes, she wouldn't be able to have the benefit of any fabric between them.  Being so out in the open with a man always made her nervous—especially this man.  
“No,” he stated as he yanked off his own pajama shirt.
“You sure about that?” she asked, his beautifully naked torso in full view.  With a form chiseled and dimpled with muscles, she could see the results of the yard work he loved doing.
“I don’t need space from you,” he stated, his long fingers intertwined in the sheer material of her lace covering.  “Not any.”  
“None?”
The ripping noise was the last earthbound sound she remembered before entering an ethereal state.  The intense love they made filled both of them with the nutrients they were sorely lacking.  
At sunrise, Valeria woke up to find Lorenzo staring intently at her.  His eyes fixed on her with an odd expression.
“I . . . I didn’t hurt the baby, did I?” he asked, concern in his voice.
Valeria smiled.  “No, of course not.”
He returned the smile.  “What about you?” he stated, his dark eyes drinking her in.
“No, you didn’t hurt me.  Of course not, silly,” she chuckled lightly.
“In that case . . .” His lips went to her mouth as she anxiously waited for him.  Getting enough of him is impossible, she thought as his body joined hers, but this is a good start to my childish need to be constantly close to him.

Going into her second trimester, Lorenzo was proud to say he knew the terminology involved in maternity.  He placed close attention to what could affect his wife or child.  The day came when he and Valeria went to Doctor Urtiaga for an Amniocentesis.  Unfortunately, the baby being born with Down syndrome was a higher risk at Valeria’s age.
“What if there’s something wrong?” she asked as they waited for the physician in the waiting room.
“We’ll deal with it,” Lorenzo said soothingly as he put his index finger under her chin and pulled her face up so she’d see the strength in his eyes.
“Okay,” she said, feeling better.
“Don’t worry.”
“Okay.”
“Whatever happens we'll deal with it together.”
Lorenzo winced when the sharp needle jabbed into Valeria and his child for the fluid that would determine what was going on with the baby.  He smiled calmly at Valeria, trying to let her know that he was with her all the way no matter what happened.
Once the results were in, a deep relief sat on them like a warm blanket on a winter’s day.  The baby was doing great.  And to make matters even better, the nausea that had choked Valeria was subsiding too.  She seemed more energized and as a result happier. 
Days went by full of laughter and ease.  And the nights . . . They were beyond anything he had ever experienced in his lifetime. 
Those heavenly nights.
Everything was going so well. 


Chapter 50

Sitting lost and distressed at Leonardo's Bar and Grill, Kate took another swig of Rum and Coke.  She had arrived in El Paso a few hours earlier and had immediately found out the devastating news upon calling her old neighbor and friend.
“Hi, Constance,” Kate had chirped.  “It’s Kate.  Remember me?”
“Kate O’Leary?” Constance asked with surprise, as if she was talking to a ghost.
“It's me.  How are you?”
“What happened to you?” Constance questioned.  “One minute you’re my neighbor and the next you’re gone and then another woman moves in with Lorenzo.  It’s hard keeping up.”
“Another woman moved in?” asked Kate, her mouth painfully drying up.
“Yes, why did you two break up?” Constance asked gently.
 “I can’t really talk about it.”
“Where have you been?  I tried calling your office but the number is disconnected.”
“I closed my practice.”
“You what?”
“I closed my office,” stated Kate, still numb with disbelief at what she had just learned.  “And I stayed with my parents in New York.”
“Why the change?”
“It’s been one thing after another since the death of Lindsey.  It’s been very hard, and I didn’t think I could help my patients anymore when I was going through my own breakdown.”
“Do you feel better now?”
“No, not really.”
“I’m sorry to have given you such bad news about Lorenzo.  I don’t understand any of this.  He always seemed like such a nice guy and so loyal to you.”
“It’s complicated.  Does he look happy with his new girlfriend?” asked Kate, her breath jagged and sharp.
“Girlfriend?” Constance muttered, her mouth very dry.  “I don’t know how to tell you but . . .”
“Tell me what?”
“Valeria is not his girlfriend.”
“What do you mean?”
“I  . . . I don’t—“
“Just say it,” blurted Kate.
“Valeria is not his girlfriend.  She’s his wife.”
“Wife?” Kate croaked.
“Yes, I’m sorry.”
“She can’t be his wife,” blurted Kate, her throat in painful suffocation.
“He introduced her to me as his wife.  My friend who works at his school also said that everyone there knows they're married.”
“But he said he never wanted to get married,” murmured Kate, her voice hurting her.
“It’s good they are married because of the ba—” Constance blurted but stopped herself before she finished the sentence.
“The what?”
“No, nothing,” Constance rushed.
“You’d better tell me,” pleaded Kate.
“Are you sure you want to know?”
“Yes.”
“But—“
“Tell me,” Kate insisted.
“The baby.”
The words hung in the air and dangled for a few seconds like shoes on a telephone line with their laces tied together.
“The baby?” Kate finally managed to ask.
“Yes, the baby,” Constance reluctantly repeated.
“That can’t be possible,” Kate mumbled.  “Just can’t be.”
“I’m afraid it’s more than possible,” Constance said gently.  “Valeria is pregnant with Lorenzo’s child.”
“But he said he didn’t want to have children,” blurted Kate, tears streaming down her face with no direction.
“It seems Lorenzo said a lot of things he didn’t mean,” growled Constance.  “I used to really like the guy but now I’m wondering about him.  He left you while you were at your most vulnerable with the death of Lindsey and quickly moved on to another woman—the dog.”
“I left him,” Kate said quietly.
“What?”
“I’m the one who left him.”
“Why did you do that?  Was he having an affair with this woman?!” Constance snapped.
“No, but I thought if I gave him time he’d come to his senses about me.”
Constance breathed out deeply.  “Kate, I hate to tell you this, but I feel I need to.  Don’t take it wrong.”
“What is it?”
“If he married someone else and is having a baby with her, maybe you two weren’t meant to be.”
“That’s a horrible thing to say!” snapped Kate.
“Just think about it,” Constance said gently.  “You were with him for many years and nothing ever formalized between you.  Then he meets this woman and bang!—he’s married—he’s having a child.”
“He’s a jerk!” cried Kate.  “A dog like you said!”
“Yes, I said that but . . . but when you think about, really think about it, you know as well as I do that Lorenzo is one of the kindest human beings on this earth.  Something is strange about this whole situation.  Maybe it has something to do with a past life?  Maybe—“
“I’ve got to go,” blurted Kate.  Constance’s New Age ideas were too much to deal with at this time.
“But—“
“I’m sorry, I can’t talk anymore.  I’ll call you back at another time.”


Chapter 51

“Don’t get up,” Lorenzo said.  “I’ll get it for you.”
Valeria smiled at him as he jumped up from his seat in the kitchen, opened the refrigerator, and took out the milk.  He poured her a tall glass and sat it next to the French toast he had made.  She hadn’t gotten any strange cravings like pickles in ice cream but she did crave ordinary things like milk, fruit, and breakfast food during all hours.
“Thank you,” she told him wholeheartedly.
He gave her his warm smile.  “You’re welcome.” 
“I . . .” She started to say.
“Yes.”
“Thank you,” Valeria blurted.
You already thanked me,” he said, chuckling.
“I’m thanking you for taking care of me.”  The aromatic perfume of the flowers he frequently filled the house with wafted in her nose.
He smiled sheepishly.  “You’re very welcome.”  
A short hour later, Valeria lay comfortably in the fluffy blankets of her bed.  They were warm and inviting.  She waited patiently for Lorenzo to finish readying himself in the bathroom.  Having spent every night blissfully together after the time she had gone to his room, he had finally moved into the master bedroom with her.
“You seem distracted tonight,” Valeria said, sitting up as he was pulling the blankets off the edge to get in them.
“It’s school,” he sighed as he sat next to her in bed, his back laying on a pillow while holding himself up with the headboard.
“Something wrong with a student?”
“How did you know?”
“I can tell.”
He smiled at her, his dark eyes in admiration. “You can?”
“I can tell when a student is getting to you.  What’s going on?”
“It’s this boy in one of my classes,” he explained.
“The one who always wears the concert T-shirts?”
“How did you know?” he asked the question for the second time that night.
She shrugged her shoulders.  “I don’t know.  I guess I have a special sense when it comes to students.”
He smiled a wider grin, and she returned it.  How natural it was to have him next to her, to feel his warmth emanating from his body, to share private moments with him.
“Why are you worried about him?” Valeria managed to put the words together before getting too caught up in his proximity.
“I can’t seem to get through to him.  He won’t do any of the work.  Not any.”
“He doesn’t understand the value of History.”
Surprised, his dark eyes snapped into hers.  “You’re not going to say that he’s lazy?”
“Why would I say that?”
He went pensively in his head as if recalling a memory.  “A lot of people would say that.”
“I’m not most people.”
His dark eyes anchored themselves to hers.  “No, you’re not.”
She snapped her eyes away from his in order to keep her train of thought.  “I think that History can be boring with all its dates and old news unless you can see yourself in it.”
“How can these young kids see themselves in it?”
“You mean how can our students be interested in the past when they haven’t lived very long?”
He nodded, his curious eyes firmly on her.  “Exactly.  History is interesting to us because we’ve lived part of it.  We’ve seen it unfold.”
“Some of it anyway.”
“That’s right.”
“Humanity does the same things over and over again, right?”
“Yes.”
“You and I know that History isn’t just isolated events but the greed and power struggles of human beings happening over and over again.”
“Right.”
“Being teen-agers, they understand those concepts even more than we do.  They live in a concentrated universe full of insecurities, obsessions with grandeur, and rivalries.  You know, it’s what we go through on a more general scale—what history is made of.”
“That’s a brilliant observation.”
“I wouldn’t call it brilliant,” Valeria expressed, staring into his handsome face.
“I would.”
“About the boy with the T-shirts,” she said, changing the subject before she dove into him, into those strong arms of his.
“David,” he clarified.
“David,” she repeated after Lorenzo.  “He wears all those concert T-shirts.  What kind of history do those musical groups have?  What kind of power struggles did they go through?  How does it compare to happenings in history?”
“I see what you’re saying.  Out-of-the-box teaching, right?”
“I find that most people, young and old, are much more interested in whatever if it makes sense to them.”
He nodded.  “Right.”
“It’s got to open doors in their minds.’
“I see what you mean,” he stated.
“If they understand their connections to the past and how it influences the present and the future, then they want to learn it.”
“You're so incredible,” he murmured.
“Thank you.”
Lorenzo urgently planted his lips on hers, taking her by complete surprise.  His mouth fiercely pulled her into his space.  
As he started snatching her clothes away, he whispered, “Your mind is such an aphrodisiac.”


Chapter 52

Kate didn’t know why she didn’t rush back to New York but for some reason, she felt anchored in El Paso.  Ever since she had found out about Enzo’s marriage and baby, she found she couldn’t pull herself together.  She couldn’t make a decision about her life.  
“Hi,” a voice said to her at Leonardo's Bar and Grill.
Kate looked up to find Belisaria and Garry staring at her with surprise.  
“Why didn’t you call me to tell me you were in town?” Belisaria chastised playfully.
Kate stood up and hugged each one.  “Sorry, I was planning to do it until . . . well . . . until . . .”
“Until what?”
“Let’s not talk about me,” she stated, indicating that they should sit down.  “I want to hear about you, Belisaria.”
After the waitress had interrupted them and taken their order, Kate continued her questions to Belisaria.  “What’s going on with you?”
Belisaria grinned brightly.  “I’ve already started school.  Thanks to your generous severance I haven’t had to take out too many loans.”
“That’s wonderful,” Kate stated, truly happy for her former receptionist.  “And how have you been, Gary?”
“I can’t complain,” he said, smiling.  “I still can’t believe you’re here.  A colleague had told me he had seen you in the building, but I thought he was seeing things.”
“No, I’ve definitely been here at the bar,” she said dryly.
“Drinking alone?” asked a concerned Belisaria.  “Tell me what’s going on, Kate.”
“Don’t worry about me,” she rushed.  “This is only the second time I’ve been here since I got back from New York.  Besides, I'm just having a coke.  Drinking your unhappiness away isn’t a good way to go.”
“Unhappiness?” asked Belisaria.
 “Enzo is married now and expecting a child,” she said, bitterness overflowing from her like a waterfall.
I left the road wide open for her, Kate thought.  What was I thinking?
“The way I understood it, the guy never wanted to marry you or have a family, did he?” Gary blurted.
“Ouch!  Thanks for making me feel worse.”
“I’m not trying to make you feel worse,” Gary said lightly.
“Then what are you trying to do?” she asked angrily.
“I’m trying to get you to come to your senses.”
“What?”
“Wake up and smell the coffee,” Gary stated.
“Excuse me?” 
“He’s never been the right man for you.”
“Excuse me?” she repeated with a tone that was surprised and angry at the same time.
“You’ve held on to a man who couldn’t give you what you really wanted.”
“What do you know about what I want?” Kate snapped.
“You want to get married, don’t you?  You want to have children.”
“But—“
“But nothing!  Stop lying to yourself, Kate.  Be honest, if not with me, with yourself.”
“But—“
“Gary is right, Kate,” Belisaria interjected.  “You deserve more than what Lorenzo was willing to give you.”
“What would the therapist say about this?” asked Gary.
Kate sighed.  “The therapist would talk about honesty.”
“So what’s the truth, Kate?”
Fat tears welled up in her eyes.  “You’re right,” she said quietly.  “Why couldn’t he have wanted a more concrete relationship with me?  What’s wrong with me that he preferred another woman?”
“What would the therapist say?”
“Why do you keep asking me about the therapist?” Kate said bitterly.  “I gave up my practice because the therapist was no good.”
“That’s bull!" Gary snapped.  "The therapist was great.  It was the woman who got in her way.”
“But—“
“But nothing.  Now tell me what the therapist would say about your situation—about him preferring another woman?”
Kate sighed deeply.  “The therapist would say that wondering if one is good enough for someone else is not the right question.  People are full of complexities and that’s why they choose some over others.”
“That sounds pretty accurate to me.”
“The real question lays in our own lives—what we hold on to and what we give up.”
“And you gave up marriage and children to be with him,” Gary stated quietly.
“Yes, I did.”
An awkward silence ensued as none of them said anything.  The waitress brought their meals, but with the tense atmosphere at the table, the steaks were left practically untouched.  Gary’s cell phone rang, cutting the loud quiet.
He checked to see who the call was from.  “It’s a client,” he said quickly.  “I have to take it.”
As he stepped out of the restaurant for privacy, Kate turned to Belisaria.  “What’s gotten into Gary?  Your boyfriend has never talked to me like that.”
“I’ve got to tell you something,” Belisaria stated.
“What?”
“He’s not my boyfriend,” Belisaria explained.
“What did you say?”
“We’re just friends.”
“You broke up with him?”
Belisaria eyed her carefully.  “We were never together in that way.”
“I don’t understand.”
“I haven’t been honest with you.”
“What do you mean?” Kate asked, fully curious.
“I’m gay, Kate,” she declared.
“You are?”
“Yes and I know what it's like to live a lie,” Belisaria commented, eyeing Kate carefully.
“Why didn’t you ever tell me?”
“Sometimes I get tired of fighting the prejudice out there so when people assume that Gary and I are together, instead of the best friends that we are, I don't clear it up for them.  That way I save myself the aggravation of their discrimination.”
“Belisaria, I’m not like that.  You know me.”
“Yes, I know,” Belisaria said quietly.
“I don’t care about your sexual orientation—I really don’t.”
“I know you would’ve accepted me, but I don’t see why I have to talk about my love life.  I don’t ask other people about theirs.”
Kate nodded.  “You’re right.”
“I don’t ask straight people what their sexual preference is.  My love life is private to me, and it shouldn’t be anyone’s business.”
“No, it shouldn’t—not even a nosy boss.”
Belisaria smiled.  “You’re a great person, Kate.  You really are and as a human being  who has to live in a world trying to force me to be what I’m not, I know what its like not to be able to be yourself.  Kate, you can’t be with a person who doesn’t allow you to fully realize yourself.  That’s too much of a compromise!  Too much!”
Kate nodded.  
“You know exactly what I’m saying.  You’re too good of a therapist not to.”
“You’re right,” Kate said quietly.
“I told you about me so you could see where I’m coming from, so you could see that I understand your position better than you think I do.”
“Thank you for sharing, Belisaria.”
Stepping back into the restaurant, Gary took his seat next to Belisaria and across from Kate.
“Did you settle what you needed to with your client?” asked Belisaria.
“Everything’s fine,” he assured.  “Being a lawyer can be trying sometimes.”
“I imagine,” stated Kate.
“And it can make me too blunt.  I’m sorry, Kate.  I didn’t mean to tear into you like that.”
“It's okay, Gary.”
“Sometimes my mouth runs off.”
“Really, it's okay.”
“I didn't mean to stick my nose in your business.”
 “Don’t worry about it,” Kate declared.  “It’s time that I stop feeling sorry for myself and move on with my life.” 
“That’s a great plan,” stated Belisaria.
“Unfortunately, it’s easier said than done,” Kate declared.
“But not impossible,” Gary asserted.
Kate sighed.  “No, not impossible.”


Chapter 53

Being that it wasn’t a holiday, the El Paso Airport seemed almost empty in comparison to the crowds that traveled at those times.  Lorenzo waited anxiously for his parents’ arrival.  When he saw them going towards him, he returned their wide grins.
 “How was your trip?” he asked after he bear hugged both his parents.
“The ride was a little bumpy,” complained his father.
“I still can’t get over how fast it is to fly,” assured Mrs. Montes.
As they pulled out of the parking lot, Lorenzo turned on his parents’ favorite radio station from across the border in Juarez.  It played classic Mexican songs of such greats as Pedro Infante, Antonio Aguilar, and Vicente Fernandez.  
“It’s good to be home,” gushed Mrs. Montes.
Mr. Montes nodded enthusiastically.  “Yes, very good.”  No matter where they were, El Paso was always home.
Arriving at Lorenzo’s house, introductions were made to Valeria’s parents who had been invited for a get acquainted dinner.  They settled comfortably in the dining room.  Mrs. Loya had made her spicy signature Mexican Meatloaf with different kinds of hot spices that rattled the tongue but made it clamor for more.
“The house looks great, Lorenzo,” Mrs. Montes said, having always been partial to a Southwestern motif.
“Valeria decorated,” Lorenzo stated, smiling.
“How have you been feeling?” asked Mr. Montes, looking at Valeria.
“Very good.”
“How’s my grandchild?” inquired Mrs. Loya.
“Your grandchild kicks a lot,” informed Valeria.
“A lot?” gushed Mrs. Loya.  “We'd better start going to the gym to keep up with our grandchild.”
Mrs. Montes chuckled joyfully.  “The baby is already like his dad—very active.”
“You’d better enjoy some peace and quiet before my grandbaby is born,” stated Mr. Montes.
“Was Lorenzo like a kangaroo child?” asked Mrs. Loya.
“He seems pretty calm now,” added Mr. Loya.
“It’s not that he was hyperactive—not noisy in that way,” asserted Mrs. Montes.
“I told you,” Lorenzo said, patting Valeria’s hand.  “I wasn’t a bad kid.”
“No, he was a great little boy, but he had a lot of nightmares.”
“Nightmares?” asked Mrs. Loya.
“And they were the same ones over and over again.  It got to where we’d have to let him sleep with us, or he’d hide underneath his bed all night.”
“You never told me you were scared of night monsters,” teased Valeria.
Lorenzo’s cheeks flushed.  “I didn’t have night terrors,” he insisted.
“No, my son wasn’t scared of anything like that,” assured Mr. Montes.  
“So what was the problem?” questioned Valeria, her full curiosity showing on her face.
“The Mexican Revolution of 1910,” Mrs. Montes stated matter of factly.
“What?” asked Valeria, surprised.
“For some reason he kept having nightmares about the Mexican Revolution.”
“The strange part was that he mentioned places and names that turned out to be real.  We looked them up.”
“Really?” asked Mrs. Loya, fascinated.  “This is much more interesting than my telenovela.”
“He knew strategies, locations, and personal things about Pancho Villa,” explained Mr. Montes.
“Maybe he looked them up,” offered Mr. Loya..
“He was too young to read.”
“Movies?”
“He couldn’t have gotten such detail from movies.” 
“Come to think of it, Valeria used to have nightmares about the revolution too,” volunteered Mrs. Loya, a surprised tone to her voice. “She'd wake up in the middle of the night and run to our bedroom.”
“In fact, now that I remember,” stated Mr. Loya, “Most of them stopped when we moved next door to this kind elderly woman.”
 “Yes, this woman told Valeria about her parents in the revolution.  After that, she only had one recurring nightmare, but you haven’t had it in a while, have you?” Mrs. Loya asked her daughter.
“No,” answered Valeria, her tone baffled.  “I haven’t had it in a long time.”
“But they don’t seem to have been as bad as you tell us Lorenzo’s were.  At least hers went away.”
 “Lorenzo’s nightmares eventually disappeared too,” informed Mrs. Montes.  “Thank goodness.”
Quietly, Lorenzo stared out the window.  He had always hated lying to his parents but in order to save them from anguished worry, he had told them the nightmares had left him.  In reality, they never had.  Occasionally, they still popped up.
“What a coincidence that both of you had nightmares about the Mexican 
Revolution,” Mrs. Loya commented.  “A big coincidence.”
“It’s also strange that Lorenzo knew details as a young child,” Mr. Loya remarked.  “How do you explain that?”
“We stopped trying to explain it a long time ago,” informed Mr. Montes.  “We left it at life is strange sometimes.”
“If you ask me, I think that the fact that they both dreamed about a revolution has to mean that they were meant to be together,” asserted Mrs. Loya.
“You’re comparing love to war?” asked Mr. Montes, amused.
“I’m saying that life itself is a battlefield and it’s good to find the right companion to get through it,” Mrs. Loya explained as if surprised no one had figured it out.  “It’s good our kids found each other.”
“Yes, very good,” declared Mrs. Montes with a grin.

The strained relationship between them didn’t stop Billy from running to Lorenzo’s classroom on their free period to tell his former friend the news.  Billy anxiously explained, eyeing Lorenzo to make sure he was listening to every word.
“They seemed really together,” announced Billy slyly, his lips in a sardonic twitch.
Lorenzo stepped closer to Billy to make certain he had heard correctly.  “Are you sure about that?”
“I know what I saw.”
“So she’s back in town,” he murmured pensively.
“Boy is she ever.”
“And you said she wasn’t alone.”
“Her new man was kissing her like crazy.  They seemed in love,” Billy said, jabbing away.
“Kissing her?”
“Yes, the guy was all over Kate as if she was cat nip or something.”  He had seen her and her new man at the mall cozying up to each other.
“How did she look?”
“Foxy as always.”
Lorenzo frowned at Billy’s misinterpretation.  “I meant, did she look okay?”
“She looked better than okay.  She was devouring the attention from the guy all up.  She looked totally happy.”
“Happy?”
“Yes, like a kid during Christmas.  She looked sooo beautiful.  I never understood how you let a woman like that go.  Why you never married her.”
“It just wasn’t in the cards for us, Billy.”
“I'm your friend so I have to tell you.  I don't understand why you would marry Valeria instead of Kate.  Valeria doesn't seem to be a stable person to me.”
“Is that why you kept trying to get it on with her?” Lorenzo asked sarcastically.  
“You don’t have to get defensive.  I’m just trying to help you out since we’re friends.” 
“No, you’re not trying to help me out,” Lorenzo snapped.  “Your pride is still hurting over Valeria having picked me instead of you.”
“That’s not true—“
“Of course it’s true.”
“I’ve got to go,” Billy blurted, heading towards the door.  
“I want to make it clear that if I catch you bad mouthing Valeria again, you won’t be able to stand up for a month.”
Billy stepped out the door without acknowledging what Lorenzo had threatened, but Lorenzo knew he had felt every word.  That was a friend?  Who needs enemies?  But he was grateful though that even if it had been maliciously intended, Billy had told him about Kate.  If it was true that she had a new boyfriend then she was moving on.  That was the best of news


Chapter 54

Lorenzo’s parents had fortunately visited before Valeria had gotten at her biggest and wouldn't have been able to stay active with them.  Now that she was so close to giving birth her body almost felt like a separate entity she had to drag with her.  Her discomfort showed on her face even when she tried not to let it.  Her abdomen was huge, her navel had popped out, and sleeping was close to impossible.  Thankfully, school was out for the summer and she could rest at home all she wanted.  
Her mother; however, had different ideas.
“We’re walking in the park,” Mrs. Loya informed her with a firm voice.
“No, I don’t—”
“We’re going,” Mrs. Loya ordered.  “You’ll thank me when you’re in labor and praying that the baby pops out fast.”
“But—”
“The baby needs a walk.  Don't argue with me.”
“Okay, Mama,” Valeria muttered.  
It was while her mother chatted about how beautiful the day was that Valeria tried to focus on keeping a steady pace.  Her mother ignored her discomfort and changed the conversation to talk about animals.  Valeria didn't pay attention to her mother's exact words.  She was too busy trying not to trip on her own two feet as her mother remarked about how birds, pigs, and chickens were noble animals.
 “Hi, Valeria, I thought that was you,” Billy Woods greeted as he stepped up to her.
Startled, her sight met his.  “What are you doing here?”
“I saw you as I was driving home,” he stated.  “I thought it would be rude not to say hello.”
“Mom, this is Billy,” Valeria said, introducing him.  Mrs. Loya was already eyeing him from top to bottom with a suspicious look.
“Pleased to meet you,” Mrs. Loya mumbled with a tight mouth as she extended her hand towards him.
“Pleased to meet you too,” answered Billy, taking her hand but instead of shaking it, he kissed it.  “I can see where you get your looks, Valeria.  You look exactly like your mother.”
Mrs. Loya jerked her hand away, her eyebrows slamming together.  
“Thank you,” Valeria said dryly.
“How’s Lorenzo?” he asked, an angry undertone to his voice.
“Fine.”
“Has he seen Kate?”
“Kate?” asked Valeria, the name jolting her.
“Yes, Kate’s back in town.  You knew she had left, right?”
“Yes.”
“Didn’t he tell you that she’s back?”
“Who’s Kate?” asked Mrs. Loya.
“His former fiancé,” stated Billy.
“Fiancé?” asked Mrs. Loya.
Valeria frowned.  “They were never engaged, Billy, and you know it.”
“But they lived together for like five years, didn’t they?” Billy asked.
“Then why didn’t he marry her?” questioned Mrs. Loya, eyeballing Billy in a furious challenge.
“Uh . . . Because . . .”
“Because he didn’t love her, Mr. Booby,” Mrs. Loya stated.
“That’s Billy,” he quickly informed her.
“Yes—whatever,” Mrs. Loya stated.
“Lorenzo loved Kate—he just didn’t want to marry her,” Billy declared smugly.
“Lorenzo loves my daughter,” announced Mrs. Loya, making certain she enunciated every word as she kept her heavy sight on Billy.
“Nonetheless,” Billy blurted angrily.  “I don’t know why he didn’t tell you that Kate was in town.  I told him about it a while ago.”
“You did?” asked Valeria with insecurity bubbling inside of her.
“I sure did,” Billy smirked.  
“Maybe he doesn’t think an ex is important enough to mention,” Mrs. Loya stated, her voice disgusted.  “After all, that’s the past.”
“What do you think, Valeria?” Billy asked slyly.  “Would you have liked to know that Kate was in town?”
“You, young man, are a trouble maker,” spouted Mrs. Loya.  “You should mind your own business instead of trying to stir up trouble just because you’ve got the hots for my daughter.”
“I don’t have the hots for your daughter,” rushed Billy.  “I—“
“Don’t try to insult my intelligence, Booby.”
“That’s Billy,” he said with irritation.
“I don’t care,” she snickered.  “I don’t like you and I think you should leave.  She’s about to have a baby!  What kind of jerk what come over and get her upset?”
“I didn’t mean to—“
“Of course you meant to!  Selfish skunks like you never consider other people.  Now leave!  Leave now!”
“I’m sorry,” he mumbled as he left.  
“Yeah, you’re sorry,” sniped Mrs. Loya as she guided her daughter to a bench and sat her down.
“Don’t pay attention to what that hot pants Casanova said.”
“How do you know he’s a Casanova?” asked Valeria.
“C’mon, he’s got womanizer written all over him.  Kissing my hand—eek.  I’ll have to disinfect it when I get home.”
“I’ve never liked him either.”
“You’ve got taste.”
Valeria stared off into space as if contemplating a thought.  “Why didn’t Lorenzo tell me about Kate?”
“He probably has his reasons.”
“But—“
“Now listen to your old mother, talk to him before jumping into any conclusions.  That’s a main ingredient of a successful marriage, mija—communication.”
“I’ll talk to him,” mumbled Valeria.


Chapter 55

“Why didn’t you tell me Kate was back in town?” demanded Valeria, hurt and anger coloring her words.  Her intentions had been to heed her mother's words but once she was face to face with Lorenzo, her words came tumbling out without her being able to stop them.
He hated seeing her so upset.  “How did you find out?”
“Never mind that.  Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Why does it matter?” he asked, wishing she’d calm down.
“I feel betrayed,” Valeria rushed.
“Betrayed?”
“Yes, betrayed.”
“Why would you feel betrayed?” he asked, trying to talk soothingly to her.
“Stop playing games with me.  Why didn’t you tell me that Kate was back in town?”
He sighed.  “I thought it would be better not to tell you.”
“Why?” she demanded.
“I didn’t want to complicate things with us and even if Kate is in the past, you’re emotional now with this being the last stage of pregnancy.  I didn’t want anything upsetting you.”
“Are you sure you’re not having any regrets?” Her words hung in the air like dust particles wondering where to fall.
“Regrets?” he asked, puzzled.
“Yes, regrets about her.  She’s the woman you should’ve married, right?”
“No, not right,” he stated, irritated.  “If I had wanted to marry her, I would’ve done it a long time ago.”
“Are you being honest with me?”
“Where’s this jealously coming from?” he asked gently.  
“I’m not jealous,” she blurted.
“You’re not?”
Valeria sighed.  “Maybe a little.”
“A little?”
Valeria didn't want to stay on this subject.  Feelings.  He was right about her emotions being all over the map during her last trimester.
“Talk to me, Valeria.”
“You talk to me.”
“What?”
“You tell me how you feel about me.”
“How can you ask me how I feel about you?” he questioned, annoyed at being asked such a silly question.
“Lorenzo,” she said impatiently, “what do you expect?  I don’t know how you feel about me.”
He shook his head, irritated.  “How can you not?  It’s obvious the way I feel about you.”
“No, it’s not.”
He frowned.  “Even my parents knew how I felt about you when we went to Acapulco.”
“Really?  Is that true?”
He frowned louder than before.  “Valeria, your questions are getting more ridiculous by the minute.”
“When did you start having feelings for me?”
He eyed her carefully.  “Since the first time I saw you.”
“What?”
“You heard right.”
“You’re talking about the first day of school when we met in front of my classroom?” she asked in disbelief.
“Yes.”
“Really?”
“I know I was in a relationship with someone else but , , , I can’t explain it.  I can't explain how it happened so fast.”
“I have a confession to make,” Valeria said solemnly.
“Yes?”
“Now that I look back—the same thing happened to me.”
His dark eyes reached hers.  “It did?” he asked quietly.
“Yes.”
"Great!"
It wasn't so bad getting everything out in the open both thought.  It wasn't so bad understanding where things stood.  It wasn't so bad knowing where the start button had been.  The question remained as to where everything would go.


Chapter 56

Comfortable.  The word was a perfect description of Valeria's and Lorenzo's state as they watched a sitcom on television.  Valeria leaned back on Lorenzo's shoulder as his hand rested on her womb.  When there was a knock on the door, she looked at Lorenzo with curiosity and he did the same.
“Expecting anybody?” she asked.
“No, what about you?”
“No.”
Lorenzo stepped to the door still wondering who was calling on them at this late hour.  As soon as he opened it, he gaped at the visitor, his face in full surprise.
 “Hi,” said the person from the other side of the door.
“Kate,” Lorenzo blurted, flabbergasted.
“I need to speak to you.”
“I’ll leave both of you alone,” uttered Valeria who had just regained her own voice.  After the talk she had had with him where he had admitted his feelings, she realized she had to trust in him.
“Actually, I need to talk to the both of you,” declared Kate.
“What about?” Valeria questioned.
“Can I come in?” Kate said from the doorway.
Lorenzo eyed Valeria with a concerned look.
“Sure, come in,” Valeria responded.  Leading Kate to the living room, Lorenzo sat next to Valeria on the loveseat as Kate took the sofa.
“What do you need to talk to us about?” questioned Lorenzo, the look on his face still showing his complete bewilderment over the situation.
“I’m here to apologize,” Kate blurted.
“What?” Valeria and Lorenzo expressed in unison.
“I kept you apart.”
“What do you mean?” queried Lorenzo.
“I understand now that you and I were never actually meant for each other, Lorenzo.  We held on to something we really shouldn’t have.”
“You did?” asked Valeria, wondering if her ears were playing tricks on her.
“Yes, we did, but it’s different for you and Lorenzo.”
“What do you mean?” asked Lorenzo.
“You two belong together.”
“You think that Lorenzo and I are meant for each other?” asked Valeria, still trying to comprehend the new turn in events.
“I know you are.”
“I’m not sure I understand what’s happening here,” declared Lorenzo.  
Opening her silk purse, Kate pulled out some audio recordings.  She quickly placed them on the cocktail table and nervously rushed her words.  “I could try to explain but it’s easier if you listen to these.”
“What is this about?” asked Lorenzo with bewilderment.
"What?" questioned Valeria with an uneasy feeling in her stomach.
“Just listen to recordings carefully," Kate stated.  "You’ll be surprised.”


Chapter 57

 “I’m free!  I’m free,” Kate cried out to Gary as they ate dinner on the balcony of their shared apartment with the darkness of night surrounding them and two bright candles lighting their content faces.
“I’m so glad you did this.”
Having left Valeria and Lorenzo with the recordings freed her from all the guilt that had threatened to suffocate her for the past months.  The secret was out and she could finally breathe.  Kate had told them that they should listen to the recordings of her sessions with Valeria without her and then if they wanted, she would later join them to answer any questions.  
“I’m also free from Enzo,” she murmured, her eyes in a full sparkle and her voice in a song.
It still seemed like an impossible dream—the way everything had happened.  After Gary had learned about Belisaria's confession to Kate, he had shown up at her hotel wearing his impeccable suit and groomed to perfection.
“Come to dinner with me,” he had entreated.
“I’m not ready for something like that,” Kate had blurted nervously, the invitation had completely taken her by surprise.
“You have to eat, don’t you?  We can stay here in the hotel if you want.  It probably has a good menu.”
“But—“
“We have to talk,” he declared, his sandy hair in perfect place and blue eyes staring intently at her.
“We do?”
“Yes.”
“About what?”
“Come with me and you’ll see,” he stated.
“But—“
“Do you want to keep staying in your room, licking your wounds?  Do you?”
“No,” Kate mumbled.  “Not really.”
“Let’s have a bite to eat.”
They stepped into the hotel restaurant, ordered their food, and Gary asked her about what she had been doing in New York City when she had left El Paso.  Kate had tried to keep her mind busy with Broadway shows and the like in one of the most cosmopolitan cities in the world.  Midway through their meal, she broke down and brought up what she had been so curious about that she had agreed to dinner with him,
“Earlier, you said we had to talk,” Kate stated.
He nodded.
“What about?” she asked.
“Us.”
“Us?”
“I’ve been in love with you for a very long time,” he said nonchalantly.
“What did you say?”
“I love you.”  His tone was still matter of fact.
“You can’t be serious,” she blurted.
“Why do you say that?”
“You barely know me.”
“We’ve been in the same building for years,” he stated. “And I also know you through Belisaria.”
“I can’t deal with this right now,” she mumbled, grabbing her purse to stand up.  
He put his hand on her arm.  “Don’t go,” he murmured gently but firmly.  “Hear me out.”
Kate got on her feet.  “I can’t—“
“Do you want to keep pinning away for a man who broke your heart?”
“No,” she said quietly.
“Then hear me out.”
She nodded, sitting back down.  “What do you want to say?”
“I know how you feel, Kate.  Before you, I loved someone who didn’t love me back.  She really did a number on me—using me for my bank account while cheating on me.  When I found out, I threw her out of my life, but I couldn’t erase the scars.  I thought I would never be able to get over her, but then I met you.  I thought my luck had finally changed until I found out that you were living with a man, and you were completely in love with him.  Now that he’s out of your life, I’m not going to let you get away from me without a fight.”
“Gary,” Kate said, taking a breath.  “I appreciate what you’re saying, but I don’t know if I have it in me to start a relationship after what happened with Enzo.”
“At least give us a chance.”
“But—“
“Kate,” he said impatiently, “I know I’m not Enzo, but let me tell you who I am.  I’m hardworking, honest, and respectful.  I’m not embarrassed to tell you how much I love you, even when you’re telling me you’re still hung up on somebody else.  My name is Edgar Forster and I’m laying everything I am at your feet.”
“Your name is Edgar?” Kate blurted, surprised.
“Everybody calls me Gary because I hate the name Edgar.”
She smiled in a contemplative form.  “So your name is Edgar,” she murmured.  “Enrique.”
“What?”
“Never mind . . . Let’s finish our dinner.  What do you say?”
“I say great.”
That had been the beginning of Kate and Gary’s great love affair.  When she looked back on the sequence of events, she realized there had been what Constance called synchronicity.  The evening she had run into Gary and Belisaria, she hadn’t gone to Leonardo’s Bar and Grill to drink alcohol.  After all, she was a therapist and knew the dangers of relying on alcohol to chase any troubles away.  That night, she had been bitten with an overwhelming feeling that she needed to be at the restaurant.  
Now months later, she knew why.  Staring deep into Gary’s blue eyes on his apartment's balcony, she repeated her declaration, so he knew she meant every word of it.
“I’m over Enzo.  I really am.”
"Are you, Kate?" Gary asked anxiously.
"I love you, Gary.  I should've let Enzo go a long time ago to be with you."


Chapter 58

“This can’t be true,” cried Valeria when they had listened to the last of the recordings.
“I don’t know what to say,” said Lorenzo, clearly disconcerted.
“I’m crazy.”
“What?”
“I’m crazy, Lorenzo.  I’m certifiable.  That’s the only possible explanation.”
His dark eyes stared at her as he shook his head.  “You’re not crazy, Valeria.  You’re one of the sanest people I know.”
“Then how do you explain what’s on these recordings?  It was clearly me on them saying all those crazy things while I was in hypnosis.”
“You don’t remember anything from the sessions with Kate?” he asked, his eyes firmly anchored on her.
“No, not this stuff.  Just a whole bunch of things from my childhood.”
“A while back she kept asking me about reincarnation.  Now I know why she was bringing it up.”
“She never told you anything about me?”
“Only that you had problems with commitment,” he said lightly.
Valeria frowned deeply.  “She said the same about you.”
“Is that why you have problems trusting me?” he asked, his gaze dissecting her.
She pulled her sight away from his.  “Is that why you have problems trusting me?”
“Val—“
“I guess that now that I’m officially crazy, it’ll be hard for anybody to take me seriously,” she commented, her voice cracking.
Lorenzo quickly put his arms around her, encircling her with his warmth.  “You’re not crazy,” he stated, kissing her gently on the head.  “I already told you that.”
“What’ll I do now?”
“We need to talk to Kate.”
“That’s a good idea,” stated Valeria.
“She can clear up a whole bunch of things.”
Valeria nodded.  “When your parents mentioned the dreams—your nightmares were about the Mexican revolution, right?”
 “Right.    You also used to have nightmares about that war, right?"
"Right," she answered with a dry mouth."
"I’ve been having nightmares about the Mexican Revolution and a woman named Valentina since I was a child.”
“Valentina?” she gulped.
His eyes were solemn.  “Yes.  I could never quite see her face but that was her name.”
“So this stuff on the tape makes some sort of sense to you?”
“I guess it does,” he said, his eyebrows knitted together.
“But it’s so crazy!”
“Let’s talk to Kate,” he insisted.
“Yes, we need to talk to her.”
“It's the only way to clear some of this up.”


Chapter 59

When they arrived the next day at the apartment Kate told them she was staying at, Lorenzo hadn’t expected a man to be there, but it was Gary who opened the door.  Kate promptly introduced him as her fiancé and Lorenzo gave him a smile, but Gary, in turn, eyed him with suspicion.
“That’s a beautiful ring,” Valeria told her with sincerity.
“Thank you,” Kate responded warmly.  "I just got engaged last night."
“You deserve nothing but happiness,” Lorenzo assured.
“Thank you.”
“We’re sorry to barge in on you like this but we needed to talk to you,” stated Valeria, her face disconcerted.
Lorenzo nodded.  “We need to talk to you about the recordings.”
“I’ll give you some privacy,” said Gary, kissing Kate before leaving the living room.
“What do you need to know?” asked Kate, calmly and unruffled.
“Everything,” blurted Valeria.  “Am I crazy?”
“No, Valeria,” assured Kate.  “You’re not crazy.”
“But how can you explain what’s on the recordings?  Why didn’t you tell me about what was really going on during those sessions?” asked Valeria, her voice cracking.
“I never told you because I was struggling with trying to find an answer.  I was dong what you're doing now—resisting the idea of reincarnation.  You remember me asking you about it, don’t you, Enzo?”
“I remember,” he said quietly.
“I did explore the idea of some kind of psychosis like multiple personalities, but I quickly did away with it when I kept transgressing you.”
“Why did you stop the sessions so all of a sudden?” asked Valeria.
“I realized that Lorenzo was Leonardo and I couldn’t handle it.  I made myself believe that what I found in the sessions was just a fluke.”
“A fluke?” asked Valeria.
“But it’s not a fluke, Valeria,” insisted Kate.  “I really believe those memories inside your head are real.”
“A past life?”
“Yes.”
“How can you be a doctor and believe in reincarnation, Kate?” asked Lorenzo, frowning.
“How can you explain your birthmarks and your sudden connection to Valeria?  Don’t those recordings explain your inability for commitment and your disconnection to any woman until Valeria came along?”
“I . . . well . . . I. . .”
“It also makes sense about me,” Kate announced.
“About you?  What do you have to do with my past life?”
“I was there, Valeria.”
“What do you mean?”
“I was Katalina.  It’s all so clear now.  You asked me to take care of your husband after you died and I did.”
“What?” asked Valeria.
“I’m the one who took care of Leonardo and baby Ofelia when you passed on.  I guess I was still trying to be with him in this lifetime.”
“My gosh!”
“Don’t get so upset, Valeria,” rushed Kate. 
 “But . . . but . . .”
“It’s all in the past,” assured Kate.
“Oh my gosh!”
“Valeria, I now love Gary and not Enzo.  You can be sure of that.”
“It’s not that,” mumbled Valeria, her voice hyperventilating.
“What is it then?” asked Lorenzo, concerned.
“My water just broke.”
“Your what?” asked Kate.
“I’m about to have this baby,” blurted Valeria, holding her womb with both her hands.
After rushing to the hospital, Doctor Urtiaga quickly informed Valeria that she’d been very lucky.  Five hours of labor was practically unheard for a first child.  Mrs. Loya smirked as her sight fell to hr daughter, her eyes in an 'I told you' mode.
“It was all those walks in the park.  See how right I was?” Mrs. Loya commented proudly.
“Yes, Mama, Thank you,” said Valeria, seconds before she fell asleep with exhaustion.  
When she awoke, Lorenzo quietly sat next to her.  Her room glowed with bright and vivid colors of the dozens of flowers in it.  His dark eyes stayed firmly on her and his smile contained the joy that took over his whole face.  She rewarded him with a smile of her own.  
“How do you feel?” he asked anxiously.
“Like my body just split open.”
He chuckled.  “Okay, that was a stupid question.”
“No, it wasn’t stupid.  It was very considerate.”
Her lips turned upward when she thought of him in the delivery room with her, helping her breathe.  He looked so shaky and worried, and she with the urge to hit him—to hit the man, no matter how devastatingly attractive he was, who had impregnated her.  The vicious pain had been so acute and unrelenting that blaming him for it had been easy in the state she was in.  But that feeling had left as soon as their baby girl had been born.  
“Our baby is beautiful,” he said with glowing eyes as he took Valeria's hand and put it against his warm cheek.
“She looks like you,” Valeria commented, a sparkling glint in her own eyes.
“I think she looks like you.  She couldn’t be more gorgeous.”
“Thank you.”
Lorenzo kissed her hand, his firm lips sending shivers up her spine.  “You’re welcome.”
“I guess our baby has a little of both of us.”
“What do you want to name her?” he asked.
“I’d like to name her after the elderly neighbor who gave me this,” Valeria asserted, indicating the ring on her finger.  
“What’s the name?”
“Ofelia.”
Lorenzo grew disconcertedly quiet.
“You don’t like the name?” asked Valeria, upset.
“It’s not that.”
“Then what is it?”
“You really haven’t realized it?”
“Realized what?”
“Think about it,” he asked of her.
“Think about what?”
“The name Ofelia doesn’t sound familiar to you? Doesn't it ring a bell?”
“What are you talking about?”
“The recordings,” he declared, frowning.
“I don’t really want to talk about the recordings,” she stated.  She had decided to put them out of her thoughts for the time being.
“We have to.”
“But—“
“Remember the name Ofelia from them?”
Realization suddenly crept in.  “Ofelia was Valentina’s mother,” she murmured.
“Yes, and also Valentina and Leonardo’s baby,” he said quietly.
“My gosh, this gets stranger by the minute!”  
“You can say that again.”
Valeria sighed deeply.  Even though she and her parents had mentioned to him tidbits of her relationship with the elderly woman who had lived next door to them a long time ago, maybe it was time to go further into detail.  “Let me tell you a story.”
She started telling him about Doña Ofelia, wincing at certain parts where the elderly woman had explained in detail about her parents and stepmother.  It had been then that Valeria had stopped dreaming about the Mexican Revolution for the most part—except for the one nightmare that wouldn’t let her go.  The one that was eerily similar to the death of Valentina.  When Valeria stopped talking, a quiet blanketed her hospital room as if no more words could fit the air.
“Valeria,” Lorenzo murmured, breaking the silence, “does it seem strange to you that what was on those recordings not only coincide with my nightmares but also coincide with what that elderly lady told you about her life and her parents?”
“Yes, it's bizarre,” she muttered.  


Chapter 60

Baby Ofelia slept soundly in her solid white crib with her parents standing above her, marveling at the magic that newborns brought with them from another world.  They stared in amazement at her small body, tiny hands, and pretty face with the puckered lips.  They listened carefully to her deep breathing and then smiled with translucent rays of bliss at one another.  
Valeria mouthed and gestured to Lorenzo that they should leave the nursery.  He nodded and stepped out with her.  They made it to the living room before either said anything.  The soft radio music that had been left on helped the overwhelming quiet.
“She’s such a miracle,” declared Lorenzo.
“Yes, she’s one hundred percent a miracle,” asserted Valeria.  “The miracle of Ofelia.”
“Ofelia,” he repeated, in deep thought.
As they sat down on the sofa, Lorenzo gave Valeria a serious look.  He shuffled in his seat, deciding whether to bring up what had been circulating in his mind.  “Valeria, I know you’ve been through a lot the past few weeks but I think we need to talk about it.”
“Talk about what?” she asked defensively.
“Those recordings.”
“I don’t—“
“We can’t pretend they don’t exist.”
The Ballad Of Forever blared out and both shot their bewildered eyes to the built in radio, next to the light switch.  After setting aside her stunned reaction, Valeria strode to the radio and hastily turned it off.
“I’m not ready to talk about those recordings,” she insisted, obviously disconcerted.“But—”
“Not ready,” she affirmed.
The doorbell rang, intruding on the thick tension in the air.  Lorenzo frowned deeply.  “Okay, have it your way,” he grumbled as he stood up to answer it.
“How’s our grandchild?” asked Mr. Loya with excitement in his voice as he and Mrs. Loya stood at the door.
“She’s asleep,” informed Valeria, a smile back on her lips.  “Hi, Mom and Dad.”
“Good morning, Mr. and Mrs. Loya.  Please come in,” Lorenzo greeted with his own returning smile as he led them inside the house.  
“What’s all that stuff?” asked Valeria, getting an eyeful of the many packages stacked in their hands.
“We found the most beautiful things for Ofelia at the mall,” stated Mrs. Loya.
“She was just born and you’re already spoiling her,” commented Valeria.
“Don’t even think about getting in the way of our duties as grandparents,” stated Mrs. Loya sternly.  “Don't even think about it.”
“You can spoil your grandchild all you want,” affirmed Lorenzo, a grin on his face.  
“Did we tell you how much we liked you from the very first time we met you?” asked Mr. Loya.
Valeria chuckled lightly.  “Was that before or after you were furious with him for the Acapulco wedding?”
“Daughter, do you have to bring up the past?” frowned Mr. Loya.
“It was just a little misunderstanding.  This is a happy occasion, let’s stop thinking of such things,” stated Mrs. Loya.
“Yes, let's,” agreed Lorenzo.
“Where is your family?” asked Mrs. Loya.  Lorenzo’s parents, sister, and nephew had arrived the day before bearing suitcases of gifts for Ofelia.  
“They’re visiting friends,” informed Lorenzo.
“I forget that they lived here before they moved to Albuquerque,” commented Mrs. Loya.
That evening with both families at the dinner table, each person enjoying one another's company and talking about bright hopes for baby Ofelia, Lorenzo took in the ease and comfort of the atmosphere.  Two families had become one.  He looked up from his plate of chicken tacos and caught the eye of Valeria.  She smiled radiantly at him, and he knew without a single seed of doubt that she was thinking the same thing.


Chapter 61

“Mama, are you sure she’s okay?” asked Valeria, the soft angles of her face in a tight expression.
“Yes, Ofelia’s fine like a small kitten with its mother.  She’s just got a little fever.  The doctor already told you what to do.”
Valeria gazed down at her daughter, sound asleep in her crib.  “But what if he’s wrong and she’s got something more serious?”
Mrs. Loya patted Valeria’s hand.  “Ofelia is fine, Valeria.”
“I guess I worry too much.”
“You’re a new mother.  It’s natural for you to worry about every little thing.”
“You think so?”
“I know so.  When you were a baby, I’d poke you to make sure you were fine.”
“Poke me?”
“Yes, but not hard,” rushed Mrs. Loya.
Valeria smiled.  “Okay, I forgive you for poking me.”
“You liked all the attention I’d give you,” remarked Mrs. Loya.
“I still do.”
When the telephone rang, Valeria picked it up as she warmly smiled at her mother.  “Hello.”
“May I speak to Lorenzo Montes’s wife,” the female voice on the other end requested.
“This is Valeria.  I’m his wife,” she explained, not knowing what to make of the phone call.
“I’m calling you from Cerritos Hospital, and I’m afraid I’ve got some bad news.”
“What is it?” Valeria asked anxiously.
“Your husband just had an accident.”
“An accident?” Valeria questioned, grabbing the top of the wing chair next to her while trying to steady herself.
“I’m afraid so.”
“How is he?” she asked while acid bubbles ate at her.
“I'm not sure.  They’re running a battery of tests right now.”
“He’s alive though, right?”
“Yes, he’s alive.”
After hanging up, Valeria looked at her mother with such alarm in her eyes that Mrs. Loya rushed to her.
“What happened?” Mrs. Loya questioned, anxiously waiting for an answer.
“Lorenzo . . . Lorenzo . . .”
“Tell me what happened,” entreated Mrs. Loya.
“He’s had an accident.”
“Is he okay?”
“I don’t know. . . I’ve got to get to the hospital,” stated Valeria.  “Can you stay with Ofelia?” She was already at the door.
“Of course.”
“Thank you.”
As soon as she arrived at the hospital, fortunate that she hadn’t received a speeding ticket, she immediately inquired about the room he was in.  She forced herself to concentrate on the directions the information person was giving her.  Rushing to Lorenzo's room, she found tubes coming in and out of him, an oxygen mask on his face, and dark purple bruises on the skin covering most parts of his skin.  The shock of his tortured state almost rendered her speechless.  
“What happened?” she finally managed to croak out as she tried to look into his eyes but they were barely open and his mouth could only moan.  
Valeria jerked her hands to her heart.  “Please don’t die.  Please.  I know I died on you in the last life but don’t die on me in this one,” she pleaded.  It was the first time she admitted to herself that the recordings had contained a reality that even though was hard to face, judging by the evidence that kept materializing, had to be based on truth.  
His half open eyes stared at her glazed and distant.  She wondered how drugged up he was.  How much pain is he in?  Can he understand what I’m telling him?  He’s in such bad shape that he doesn’t even look like himself, but I’ll love him no matter how disfigured he is.  
She tenderly planted a kiss on his forehead, the only skin not bruised as her tears rolled down her face, making everything fortunately looked blurry.  She doubted if she could stand having a clear view of his ravaged state.  
“I’ve got to get this off my chest because if I don’t do it now, I never will.  I want you to know the reason I stay married to you isn't just because of the baby.  I know we've talked about our feelings before, but I need to tell you that I love you.  I love you more than I've ever loved any other man.”
“You do?” asked a voice behind her.
Valeria’s throat went dry as she turned around.  Shock nearly toppled her over.  Lorenzo sat smugly in a wheel chair while a nurse stood behind him.
“Who is this?” Valeria asked with a shaky voice as she pointed to the man on the bed.
“My roommate.  The empty bed on the other side of the room is mine,” he explained, smiling an overwhelming, effervescent smile.
Embarrassed, Valeria turned to the man.  “I’m sorry, Mister.  I didn’t mean to bother you.”
“He’s pretty drugged,” the nurse said as she pushed Lorenzo to his side of the room.  “I doubt if he’ll remember anything you told him.”
Valeria nodded with relief.  “I hope you feel better,” she told him as she stepped over to Lorenzo’s side, promptly shutting the curtain between the two patients.  
“I can take it on from here,” Lorenzo told the nurse, refusing her help as he stumbled up and sat on the bed.  
“Do you need anything?” asked the nurse as she started wheeling out the wheel chair.
“No, I’m fine.  I've got what I need,” he asserted, giving Valeria a broad smile. 
“Call the nurse’s station if you need anything,” the nurse threw out as she stepped out the door.
Lorenzo turned his full attention to Valeria.  “I was getting X-rays,” he informed matter-of-factly.  “That’s why I wasn't here.”  
“Are you okay?” she asked with concern, her eyes sweeping over the array of purple bruises not covered by his hospital gown.
“Yes, just very banged up.  It’s good that you’re here.  You can take me home.”
“You’ve already been released?” she asked, surprised.
“Not exactly.”
“Not exactly?”
“The doctor wants to keep me overnight for observation.  It’s unnecessary.  I don’t want to be here, and I’m going home.”
“Lorenzo,” she said sternly, “I’m not taking you anywhere without the doctor’s permission.”
“But—“
“Don’t even try to change my mind.”
He frowned, his dark eyes rolling.  “You can be so bossy.”
“You’d better believe it.”
“Is it my fault that I’d rather be with you and Ofelia at our home instead of here?”
“You’re staying,” Valeria declared, no room for argument in her voice.  “You’ll be able to see our daughter when you get out.”
“Where’s Ofelia?”
“She’s with my mother.  I ran over here when I got the call from the hospital.”
“So you dropped everything and rushed to the hospital?” he questioned, grinning.
“Why didn’t you call me yourself and told me you were okay?” Valeria asked, irritated.  “Instead of worrying me to death?”
“My cell phone got busted in the accident and then they did a whole bunch of tests on me.  The receptionist said she’d call you.  I’m sorry.  I didn’t think there would be a misunderstanding.”
“I thought the man in the other bed was you,” she said, water forming in her eyes.  “The poor man is in really bad shape.”
“I’m sorry, Valeria.”
“You should be,” she said, sniffling.  
He gently rubbed the tears away from her eyes.  “I am,” he said tenderly.
“I even kissed the poor man.  He must’ve been terrified seeing a perfect stranger smooch him.”
Lorenzo’s chuckle lit his whole face.  “You kissed him—lucky man.”
“What is it that happened, anyway?” Valeria asked, her eyebrows knitted together.
“A van didn’t see me and turned to my lane, crashing into me.”
“A van?” she gulped, her voice suddenly dry.
“My car is totaled.  I’m lucky to be here,” he stated, his eyes shot to hers.
Valeria nodded disconcertedly and placed her hand over her pounding heart.  “Very lucky.”
“Is there something you want to tell me?” he asked gently.
“What a huge relief that something more serious didn’t happen to you,” she blurted.
“No, not that.”
“What do you want me to say?” she asked, puzzled.
“Tell me what you told my neighbor,” he entreated firmly.
“How much did you hear?”
“Enough to have made this accident worth it if I can get those words out of you.”
“Listen, Lorenzo,” she said nervously.  “It was just the emotion of the accident speaking.”
“Then you don’t love me?”
“I . . . I—“
“Because I love you.”
“You do?”
Lorenzo sighed deeply.  “I’m sorry I hadn’t told you yet.  I’ve told you that I have feelings for you, but I’ve never said I love you.”
“You love me?”
“Yes, I love you like I’ve never loved any woman.”
“But—“
“The first time I saw you was it for me.  I’ve never been the kind of person who believes in love at first sight.  Before you came along it seemed like a silly idea.  Unrealistic.  I’ve never gone for all that giddy romance stuff, but then it happened to me.”
“It did?”
“You made me realize what I had been searching for all of my life.”
“What is that?”
“Understanding.”
“What?”
“You once asked me what I looked for in a woman, remember?”
“Caring, kindness, and intelligence.”
“I left out understanding.”
“Understanding?”
“We fit, Valeria.  We're a perfect fit.  You understand who I am and I understand who you are.  My love for you goes way beyond how physically attractive you are.  You see me, really see me, and I see you.”
A knot squeezed her throat.  “Yes, I see you.  I really do.”
“There’s a reason destiny keeps putting us together over and over again, and it’s not just because I find you so irresistible.  There was so much Kate didn’t understand about me.”
“Leonel couldn’t make heads or tails out of me either,” she said quietly.
“We make sense, Valeria.”
“We do.”
“I’m convinced that I loved you even before I met you that day at school.  It seems like I've loved you forever.”
“I love you too, Lorenzo,” she returned.
He suddenly pulled her to him and she could feel his lips take her in further than they ever had.  She could feel his light breath breathing inside of her, his feel so gentle and so much becoming a part of her, and his touch embracing her whole self. 


Chapter 62

When Lorenzo had requested a date from Valeria, his voice had shaken awkwardly.  It was an embarrassment for him not having control of his own speech.  Feeling as nervous as a teen-ager asking the most special girl at school out, he sheepishly invited her to dine with him.  She had readily agreed, letting the air out of his inflated jagged nerves.  Fortunately, Mrs. Loya was only too happy to take care of Ofelia.
“I know this isn’t the most romantic restaurant,” Lorenzo remarked as soon as they arrived at Antojitos.
“Don’t apologize, my love,” Valeria responded quickly.  “This is our place.”
“I knew you’d understand.”
When they were seated and had placed their orders, Valeria turned to him.  “I could get used to date night.”
Lorenzo cleared his throat.  “I’ve got to admit that I asked you out for more than just a date night.”
Her deep eyes sparkled with curiosity.  “Why did you ask me out?”
Lorenzo moved out of his chair as she watched him with a baffled look.  Smiling quietly, he kneeled down on one knee.  The whole restaurant turned silent, but he ignored the surprised stares aimed at them.
“Marry me,” he articulated, pulling a bright-yellow sunflower from inside his coat.
“Lorenzo,” Valeria said, taking the flower with astonishment, “we’re already married.”
“You were drunk when you married me.  This time I want you sober and knowing what you’re getting into.”
Valeria flung her open arms around him, squeezing him so tight he almost lost his breath.  “Yes, I’ll marry you again.”
A wave of loud applause started throughout the restaurant.  He pecked her firmly on the lips, wanting a deeper kiss but willing himself to wait for when they'd have more privacy.
“We’ll have a real wedding—one that’ll blow your parents away,” he asserted, chuckling lightly and sitting on his chair again.
Valeria laughed with him.  “We’ve got to get the Acapulco one out of their nightmares.”
“You haven’t taken a good look at the sunflower, have you?”
“What?”
“Look at it, Valeria,” he requested, his eyes raking over her.
She noticed a shiny object on the stem.  Pulling it out, she stared flabbergasted at the glistening diamond ring—a perfect band of striking silver with a sizeable flickering rock.
“How do you like it?” he questioned, his heavy sight on her.
“I love it, but you didn't have to get it for me.  I’ve already got a ring,” Valeria asserted, showing him the family ring on her finger that he had furnished her with.
Lorenzo took the new band and slid it over the old one.
“This is your engagement ring.  I don’t want for Leonel to be the only man to have given you one,” he remarked dryly.  “Besides, it was important for me to give you a new ring—for our new life together.”
The Ballad of Forever started blaring softly from the radio in the corner of the restaurant.  Their eyes snapped to where the music came from and then to each other as they burst out in laughter. 
“It’s our song,” Valeria commented.
Lorenzo took her hands gently in his own and glided his lips over them with supple, miniature kisses.  “Yes, forever our song.
